I Know What You Did
by Humilatron

I Know What You Did - Part 1

Silena Allen was a business woman. That meant that sometimes she had to make business decisions. Sometimes she had to make cuts. Sometimes she had to fire people. Sometimes she had to inflate the numbers. Sometimes she had to make decisions that weren’t exactly legal.

Growing up, Silena was not a wealthy person. She had to work at a fast food place, had to get more than one job, had to create an image for herself that people respected, and climbed her way to the top. Some of that involved manipulating and lying her way to create a perfect image of herself.

Now she was seen as a single woman who had D cup boobs, and was the poster woman, the cover girl of multiple magazines and billboards. Her face was everywhere. Her body was everywhere. She was the it woman. Everyone loved her. But no one knew her biggest secrets. Or her smallest secrets.

When Silena walked into her penthouse apartment, she saw there was a message on her answering machine. She was alone, so she hit play.

*****

I know what you did. You don’t know who I am. You don’t need to know. All you need to know is I know your secrets and I have evidence to prove it. I’m going to send you 7 text messages. Over the course of the week. You are to do them. Or all of what I have goes not only to the authorities, but also gets released online. How will your investors feel knowing you lied about your company’s worth? How will the public feel when they find out you’re not the big boobed hot lady you say you are? When you hear this message, send a text to 800-800 and text I’m In. If you don’t respond by 6 PM on Saturday March 27th, I will assume you refused to go through with everything. And I will go ahead and release everything.

*****

Silena stared at the messaging machine. She looked at the time. It was 5:45 PM. Her eyes widened. She pulled out her phone and texted I’m In.

Prove that this is you. Send a selfie

Silena took a picture and sent that in.

Good. Let’s get started. You have 24 hours to do what I tell you. I will know if you don’t. And if you don’t It’s game over. Your first task. Strip naked. And I mean truly naked. Padding included.


I Know What You Did - Part 2

Silena looked around. Her face filled with paranoia. Was someone really watching her? How much did they really know. Silena looked around the apartment. She couldn’t see any cameras or anything. Silena looked down at what she was wearing. She had her pantsuit on along with her big padded silicone stuffing that made her butt and boobs look significantly bigger and more fit as well. She stepped out of her heels and lowered a few inches.

She removed her special padded pantyhose that had material at the bottom and as her bare feet touched the ground, she lowered even more in height. She went from an intimidating 5’5” to a laughable 4’8”. But she still had her dignity. She looked around again and then pulled off her suit jacket. Her long sleeved blouse pressed tightly against her chest and waist. Silena looked in a mirror and sighed. How did she even get to this point? How did anyone believe her lies? The silicone was definitely convincing, but as she pulled off her shirt, there were more noticeable problems. Silena never took any images without proper clothing. She never dared to be seen without proper clothing. She never went to the beach. Never wore short sleeves. And definitely never ever wore a tank top or bikini.

Her padding was much more noticeable as she unbuttoned her shirt. She supposed she got away with her fake boobs purely because she was a businesswoman. No one expected her to be in anything less than a pantsuit. And no one had a reason to see her in anything less because she never let anyone get that close. She finished unbuttoning her shirt and pulled it off of her shoulders, letting it slide down.

Her body was so pale compared to her face. The amount of makeup she wore made her look much more tan than she really was. It was clear her body never saw the light of day. She reached for her bra, and couldn’t do it. She reached for her waistband and unbuckled her belt, pulling it loose. Immediately her pants began to sag. She never left home without a belt either.

She pulled her pants down not even bothering to undo them as they fell to her ankles. She stepped out of them and stared at her big underwear, the padding so much more obvious without her pants. Silena pulled her underwear off and her padding fell out. Her butt was flat as a pancake. Her vagina was tight and bare. Not by choice. She finally reached for her bra and pulled it off. Her padding fell to the ground and all was left was minuscule tear drops. It was truly pathetic. She stared at her reflection and the big intimidating woman turned into a small little girl like she was a totally different person.

She closed her eyes and then pulled out her phone. She sent, ‘I did it.’

Prove it

Silena’s eyes widened. She stared at the phone and then looked up to her reflection. She was naked. Butt naked. Naked from head to toe. Naked as the day she was born. No one. Not a single person had ever seen her like she was now. And now she was about to voluntarily send a naked picture of herself to this random person. And she knew if she didn’t, she would be utterly screwed.

So she looked herself in the mirror, held up her phone and covered her chest as best as she could before she snapped a picture and sent it.

Good. Your next text will be sent at midnight on Sunday. You will have 24 hours to respond.


I Know What You Did - Part 3

Silena couldn’t sleep. She stayed awake. She was still naked and she was terrified of what would come next. What would this stranger make her do in order to keep her darkest secrets? This wasn’t just some small thing. She could face prison time if the things she did were put out for all to see.

Silena reached over to grab her diary from the drawer hidden away and that’s when she noticed something. Her diary was gone. All of her hidden secrets were in that diary. Her crimes. Her embarrassing secrets. And one big thing that she never ever told anyone about. And now whoever had her diary knew all of it.

“What if they’re the same person?” Silena cried. “They know everything because they took my diary. They read it. All of it. They know. They know how much of a fake I am.”

The clock hit midnight. Silena sobbed as she heard her phone go off. She looked at it.

You most likely have realized that your precious diary is gone. I have it. I know everything there is, Silena. All of it. Everything you’ve done. I know. Including one thing I don’t think you want anyone to know. The fact that you once had a daughter. A daughter named Rose. And what did you do? You tossed her away. Like nothing. Why? Because you didn’t want anyone to know you slept with a guy. And that guy knew your secret. The one guy who knew everything about you because you let him in. And what did he do to you in return? He left the first chance he got. And when you found out you were pregnant. With his kid. You abandoned her.

Silena sobbed as she read the message. She cradled her pillow and sobbed. She kept reading.

There’s a lovely garden at the lobby of your apartment. Just outside in the back. It’s well maintained. Did you know that there is a whole section dedicated to roses? Why don’t you go there and get one from the garden. Of course leave your clothes behind. This time, I’ll be recording everything so there’s no need to send any proof, just do it. Although I would love a lovely picture of you posed in the garden nude, no covering, give a sexy pose. Why don’t you ask someone to take a picture for you with your phone? I’m sure they won’t recognize you. Though you might want to remove your makeup. It’ll make things easier for you. You have 24 hours to respond.

Silena couldn’t believe what she was seeing. She had already washed her makeup off anyways. She looked like a completely different person. There was no way anyone would recognize her.

Silena gulped. She was at the penthouse level, the highest you could go. And this person wanted her to go down to the lobby and ask someone to take her picture posed nude. Silena looked at the time. If she went now then no one would see her. But, if she went now, what were the chances of someone being there to take her picture?

Silena decided to take the gamble and walk out of her apartment. She couldn’t believe she was doing this as she pushed the down button on the elevator. She waited.

The elevator arrived and she shuffled in, covering her nude body while she could. She hit the lobby button and prayed no one was taking a midnight stroll. She rode all the way down and then the elevator doors opened and she gasped. There was a big party happening as she saw so many people in the lobby. And there she was naked. And not only that, but she would have to ask one of them for a picture without being caught and revealed as Silena Allen. She saw the door to the garden. There was just a small group of girls standing around it, but the path was clear.

Silena made her way to the door praying no one would notice. She approached one of the girls. “Hey, could you do me a favor?” Silena asked a tall pretty girl. “My art professor wants me to pose nude in the garden and I need to send in a picture.

The girl looked Silena up and down and giggled. “You’re a nude art model? Really?” She said. “I suppose I could help you out. But you’re nothing like Silena Allen. I want to be just like Silena one day. Talk about a woman with a gorgeous body. I don’t know how she does it.”

Silena blushed as she followed the girl out to the garden. There was a bench in front of the roses as Silena approached. She sat down on the bench and smiled.

“What are you doing?” The girl said. “You can’t pose like that. How will anyone be able to draw you?”

“I… I just need a simple picture,” Silena said.

“No, you need to show off more. I know you don’t have much, but presentation is everything. That’s what Silena says, you know. Silena says every woman is beautiful in their own way. What a queen. Now pose properly. Lay across the bench and prop your foot up and the rest your head on your arm,” the girl said.

Silena did as she was told and the girl took her phone and snapped an image. “Perfect. Now let’s get a back shot too. Bend over the bench and look behind you, stick that pale butt out.”

Silena did as she was told. And gasped as she felt her butt cheeks separate as she bent over. She looked behind her and saw her ass on full display, but it was absolutely pathetic. The girl snapped her image and smiled. “Hey, what’s your name?” She asked.

“My name?” Silena said.

“Yeah, what’s your name? You do have a name right?” the girl said.

“My name’s Stacy,” Silena lied.

“Really?” The girl said. “That’s cool. My name’s Rose.”

Silena gasped as she looked the girl up and down. She looked like she was going to faint as her face turned pale. “Oh my God,” Silena said.

“Stacy? Are you okay?” Rose asked.

“I...I’m fine,” Silena said. “Just… fine…”

Rose rolled her eyes and handed Silena her phone back and then returned to the party. Silena closed her eyes, holding back tears. That was her daughter. Her beautiful daughter. She was all grown up. And her daughter… her daughter looked up to her. Well, her fake version of herself. If only she knew what her mother was doing.

Silena turned around and picked one of the roses and then made her way back inside. She stepped into the elevator and rode it all the way up. She sent the text including the images of her and the rose.

Perfect. You’ll have to wait for midnight for your next task. Tell me though, how did it feel? To know your daughter actually admires you. To know that she doesn’t even know, doesn’t even realize that the woman she just talked to was her mom? How does it feel to know that she idolizes you, your fake self, but laughs at your real self? That’s the girl you raised, Silena. Well, I wouldn’t call it that. But it’s the girl you birthed. And she can’t even recognize you.

Silena sobbed knowing that this stranger was right. But also realizing how close this person must be to her. To know that she just saw her daughter. That her daughter was the one who took those images. Silena was so ashamed.


I Know What You Did - Part 4

The next day was agonizing. She went to work in her getup and looked at all her coworkers. She wondered if one of them was behind the messages. That one of them had all these humiliating images of her and were laughing on the inside. She wondered if any of them knew her precious secret. She tried to keep her act going. To act like nothing was wrong. Her assistant approached her and smiled. “Hey, Ms. Allen. How are you doing today?”

“I’m just tired,” Silena answered. “You’re amazing, Blaire. I hope you know that.”

“Well, Ms. Allen, I do my best. Say, we should pick out the flowers for Friday. I recommend roses,” Blaire said.

“What?!” Silena shrieked. “It was you?!”

“Huh? I don’t know what you’re talking about, Ms. Allen. Um, we don’t have to go with roses if you don’t want to,” Blaire said, looking worried. “I’m sorry. I just thought they would look classy.”

Silena took a deep breath and nodded. “I’m sorry. I’m just tired today. Let’s go with lilacs. They’re pretty, elegant, and will complement the scene,” Silena said.

“Okay,” Blaire said, jotting down notes. “Hey, um, Silena. Are you sure you’re okay?”

Silena nodded, “I’m fine, Blaire. Really. I am.”

“If you need someone to talk to, let me know,” Blaire said.

Silena smiled. “Thank you, Blaire.”

Silena took a deep breath.

That day when she came home, she was scared. She wondered what would come next. Then the clock turned midnight as she laid in bed, now nude again, anticipating the next text.

Her phone went off.

Watching you squirm is a delight, I must say. As you try to figure out who is behind your misfortune. The way you yelled at your assistant for no apparent reason. This must truly be making you insane. Who could I be? How do I know so much? I’ll tell you when you’ve completed everything. And I think the answer might just surprise you. But that’s not important. Right now, you need your next task. I assume you’re already naked, if not get naked. Today, you’re going to have to walk all the way to your office building and ask for an application from Blaire Adkins. You can do it at any time as long as you send in proof by midnight tomorrow. But if Blaire isn’t there, you’ll have to wait for her to arrive. So you might want to go during office hours. Oh while you’re there, go into your office and photograph yourself sitting at your desk, heck why don’t you ask Blaire to take it for you.

Silena stared at the text and was already feeling humiliated. How could she go to her own work, her own office naked! Blaire would surely recognize her. How would she react? And even if she didn’t recognize her, it would still be weird. Being naked in front of her assistant. Having her photograph her naked.

But she had no choice. If she refused, her secret would be exposed and everyone would know the truth. At least now she had a chance of not being discovered. She decided to plan this out.

She was able to get some sleep and woke up at 6 AM. She texted Blaire’s number. ‘Hey, Blaire. I’m messaging you to let you know I’m sick and won’t be coming to work today. Please make sure any applicants are interviewed in my office. I think there were a few people looking to apply for a job.’

In a few minutes, Blaire responded. ‘Okay, feel better. <3’

Silena hated lying to Blaire, but what else was she supposed to say, Hey Blaire I’m coming to work naked? Hell no.

Silena then got out of bed and looked at herself in the mirror. The deal was she had to be naked, but what if she changed her hair style? Silena pulled her hair into two pigtails. She looked so juvenile with her hair tied to the sides. But she also couldn’t even recognize herself. That was good.

Her phone went off. She looked at it. ‘Hey, Stacy. I hope you don’t mind I snagged your phone number. I wanted to cheer you on for your nude modelling project. Sorry I sort of laughed at you the other day, you took me by surprise. Anyways I wanted to say I hope it goes well for you. I know it can be pressuring, but I think it’s brave of you to take that step. -Rose’

Her eyes widened as she read the text. She didn’t know how to feel. For one, her daughter now had a way of contacting her, but she didn’t know that it was actually Silena. And her daughter was also encouraging her. Silena teared up. ‘Thx, Rose. I felt so embarrassed the other day. I hope you’re doing well.’

‘Oh don’t be embarrassed. Is it because of your body? You might not be like Silena, but that doesn’t mean you’re not beautiful. I’m sorry I keep comparing you to her. I wish we could all be like Silena, but… to be honest I really appreciated your bravery.’

Silena couldn’t reply. She just stared at the text. She felt pain. Pain that her daughter didn’t recognize her. And pain that she idolized this fake version of her. She really didn’t know the truth. She decided to head down and rode down the elevator. She knew Blaire would be in the office early. She always was, so she banked on her being in by 7:00 AM before everyone else would file in.

Silena practically ran down the street, towards the office. She stopped right in front of the building and opened the door. “Hi, I’m here to apply for an internship!” Silena said in a fake cheery voice.

Blaire stared at Silena for a moment, shocked. “Oh,”
She said. “Yes, Ms. Allen told me to expect applicants. I didn’t realize that you would be dressed like that. Let’s head on up and we can get started.”

Silena blushed. “Okay. I’m Stacy,” Silena said in her fake voice. “Stacy Behr. Sorry for my attire. I’m uh working on this new lifestyle.”

“I see,” Blaire said as she opened the door to Silena’s
office.

Blaire pulled out an application from a folder and handed it to Stacy. “Thank you,” Silena said.

“You’ll need to fill that out as accurately as possible,” Blaire said. “You can do it here. That is Silena Allen’s desk.”

“Oh my God,” Silena said. “The Silena Allen? That’s like so exciting. Can I get a picture sitting at her desk?”

Blaire looked surprised. “Um, I don’t think that’s a good idea. Ms. Allen isn’t here to give you permission,” Blaire said.

“Please, I have to have one,” Silena pleaded. “I’ll like die if I don’t get a photo.”

Blaire sighed. “Fine, but no sitting on the chair.”

“Where should I sit?” Silena asked.

“Sit on the desk. I can at least disinfect it after,” Blaire said.

Silena nodded and climbed on the desk. “Make sure her name tag is in the shot,” Silena said as she handed Blaire her phone.

Blaire paused as she stared at it for a moment. She looked puzzled and skeptical and then said, “Alright, pose for me, I’ll take the picture.”

Silena sat on her desk with her legs spread giving a sultry look. She knew the kind of image the stranger was looking for and she had to stay in character. “Can I see the image?” Silena asked.

Blaire showed it to her and Silena nodded. “Hey, Stacy. Why don’t you fill out the application now, and then I can put it in the system for you.”

“Okay,” Silena said as she quickly sent the images of proof to the number.

Silena sat down at a table and began filling out the application. It was simple information, except she of course had to lie about it all. When Blaire wasn’t looking she took another image and sent it again as proof.

She finished the application and handed it to Blaire who looked at it and gasped. “Silena?” Blaire said. “What is this? What are you doing?”

Silena’s eyes widened. “How did you-“

“This handwriting is identical to yours. The ts are all the same, you even curl your ys the same. And your phone is the exact same model and you have the same
backgrounds. What is going on? Why are you here, naked, and pretending to be someone you’re not?” Blaire asked. “Did you think I wouldn’t notice? Are you testing me? What… what happened to you? Is someone hurting you?”

Silena frowned. She hadn’t anticipated how good Blaire was at her job. Of course she knew Blaire was good and she cursed herself for not bothering to change her handwriting style. Silena felt herself breaking apart. Like she was going to faint or cry. Her assistant was looking at her butt naked and she also just photographed her. Silena sat down wanting to break apart, but she shook her head. “Blaire, I can’t tell you,” she said. “If I do, I could… I could lose everything. You don’t understand, Blaire. I can’t tell you anything. I wish I could. I… I can’t. You just have to trust me.”

“Silena, please,” Blaire said, kneeling in front of Silena. “I’m not here to judge you or question you. Please, tell me. Let me help you. Is this about your body? I’ve already known about it for years.”

Silena looked up and stared at Blaire in surprise. “You… you knew?”

Blaire blushed. “I… I’m a really good assistant, Silena. Of course I knew. I know you probably better than anyone. And I want to be here for you. But I need you to tell me what’s going on. Is your life in danger?”

Silena shook her head. “I still can’t tell you,” Silena said. “I’m sorry, Blaire. I wish I could, but if I… say anything. I could lose it all. Everyone would know my secrets. And there’s some things I cannot risk exposing.”

Silena cried, letting the tears run down her cheeks. Blaire sat down next to her and wrapped her arms around her. “Hey, it’ll be okay,” Blaire said. “Whatever is going on, I mean how bad could it be? Besides your body.”

Silena sobbed as she rested her head in Blaire’s shoulder. “I could go to prison. I could lose my…” Silena whispered as she trailed off, unable to finish her sentence.

Blaire’s eyes widened. “Silena, what happened? Did someone do something to you? What’s going on?”

Silena shook her head. “I can’t, Blaire. I’m sorry.”

“Okay,” Blaire said. “I’ll respect your decision. Please, be careful, Silena. Whatever is going on. I don’t want you getting hurt.”

Silena said. “I better get going. I don’t want to be seen like this. Please, Blaire. Do not tell anyone about today. Please. You never saw me here.”

“I’ll guard your secret with my life,” Blaire said as she nodded.

Silena made her way back down and to her home. Her phone went off.
You sent the proof. Good. I bet you’re embarrassed that your little assistant recognized you. What could be going through her head right now? I have to say, you picked her wisely, but maybe you chose too good of an assistant. Is that possible? Perhaps you should have planned it out better. But maybe she always would recognize you. Who knows. Maybe I’m her. You would never really know would you. You won’t know until I tell you. So you have done 3 of the tasks already. You’ve stripped naked. You’ve photographed yourself nude twice. By this point you’re practically halfway there. But I warn you. It will only get more intense. These next tasks, I’m not sure you’ll be able to follow through with. But remember that if you don’t, everything goes online. And once it’s out, it will never be removed.


I Know What You Did - Part 5

Silena was miserable as she waited for the next text. She couldn’t go to sleep. The clock hit midnight and the new text came in.

Today you can put all your fancy clothes on, but your task is to open the package I sent you. Put it inside of you and then go about your day. Simple. You don’t even have to send anything in. Just have it in all day long. I warn you. If you remove it, I will know and it’ll automatically send everything out to the world. You can only remove it when the clock turns to midnight.

Silena saw that there was a package in front of her door. She wondered when that got there. It had no addresses, no stamps, nothing. It was just a box.

Silena opened the box and stared at a tiny little vibrator. She squirmed as she put it inside of her. She woke up at 6 AM again but this time to the feeling of intense vibration against her intimate area. She put her clothes on, and for the first time, she felt vulnerable in her power suit. She didn’t feel intimidating or like she owned the world. She felt scared, humiliated, and fake. She also felt very much aroused.

She made her way to the office again. Blaire was there of course. Blaire looked at Silena with concern as she was still thinking of the previous day. Silena felt like Blaire was secretly judging her. The stranger’s words resonated in her mind. Anyone could be the person. Blaire could be the person and she would never know. Would Blaire really do that to her? Why? Did Silena treat her wrong somehow? What was her motive if it was her?

Silena shook her head. After just a few text messages this stranger was in her head. The stranger didn’t even have to say anything and Silena was being driven mad thinking of what or who could be behind it all. “Silena?” Blaire said. “Are you okay?”

Silena snapped out of her thoughts. She shook her head as she stepped into the elevator. Blaire followed her as the door closed. “Blaire, I can’t. Please don’t ask,” Silena whispered.

Blaire nodded. “Okay. Let me handle your phone, Ms. Allen,” Blaire said. “I promise not to do anything without your permission.”

Silena nodded and handed Blaire her phone. “Just please,” Silena said as she felt an intense vibration in between her legs. “D-don’t.”

Blaire nodded. Silena entered her office and sat at her desk. Blaire sat down at the table and pulled out some folders. She propped them up and looked through them while Silena filled out some papers. They sat together in silence at first until Silena felt the vibrations getting more intense and let a moan slip.

“Ms. Allen, are you okay?” Blaire asked.

“I’m fine,” Silena said, quickly. “I just…”

Silena collapsed as she felt a huge wave from the vibrator. It was so intense she couldn’t even stand. Blaire rushed to Silena’s side. “Ms. Allen? Silena? Silena what’s happening?” Blaire said, trying to stay calm.

Silena tried to answer but only let out a mix between a cry and a moan. Blaire looked around. She pulled the shades down and tinted the windows, blacking out everything until she was positive no one could see inside. And then she began taking Silena’s clothes off. “No,” Silena cried. “Don’t. Don’t. I don’t want to be naked. Please.”

Blaire paused. “Silena, please we need to get these off of you. Your body is going to go into shock if we don’t give it air. No one will see you, I promise.”

“You can’t. Blaire, please,” Silena cried. “You’ll see. You’ll see me naked. I… I can’t.”

“I’ve already seen you naked, Silena,” Blaire reminded her. “Please, my concern is for your safety and well being. I am not here to judge you or see you any differently.”

“Ahhhh,” Silena cried. “B-blaire, I… don’t please.”

Blaire ignored Silena’s orders and slid Silena’s clothes off one by one until all that was left was the padded underwear. Silena let out a cry/moan again as the vibrations only seemed to be increasing. Blaire paused for a moment and then pulled off Silena’s padded bra. Silena cried in embarrassment as her big D boobs turned into tiny tear drops. Blaire pulled Silena’s underwear down and off, revealing Silena’s vibrator inside of her which was causing her to drip all over. Silena clutched her crotch, embarrassed. “No!” Silena sobbed. “You can see. M-my vibrator. My pussy. My tiny boobs. You can see em.”

Blaire looked at Silena’s nude state. “Silena, what is happening. Why do you have that in you? We should take it out.”

“No!” Silena cried. “You can’t. We can’t. I can’t. They’ll know, they’ll know and then it’ll be all over. My life will be over.”

Silena moaned and cried as she arched her back, forced to lay there as Blaire stared at her. “Silena, this isn’t good for you. You need to take it out,” Blaire said. “Your body can’t handle this.”

“NO!” Silena sobbed. “Don’t. Don’t touch it. I can’t, Blaire. I can’t.”

“Silena,” Blaire said, softly. “You need to. Your body cannot handle this. What’s going to happen, Silena? What’s going on? You need to care for yourself. You can’t be doing this. It’s not good for you.”

“Blaire, if you touch that you’re fired,” Silena whimpered. “I can’t. Do this. I can’t take it out. My life. Is over if you do. If I do.”

“Silena, this is ridiculous,” Blaire said.

“They know too much,” Silena cried. “I can’t. I’m so close.”

“Silena,” Blaire said. “Who knows? What’s going on?”

“I don’t know,” Silena sobbed and moaned. “But I can’t take it out, and I can’t tell you what’s happening.”

Her back arched again and this time she orgasmed, cumming all over. She whimpered and cried as Blaire cradled her. She was truly humiliated having orgasmed in front of her assistant, naked as the day she was born. Blaire sighed as she held Silena. “I respect your decision,” Blaire whispered. “I’m sorry that I can’t help you. Silena please, don’t come to work tomorrow. Whatever happens just stay at home. I can manage without you. You don’t have to do all of this.”

Silena nodded, exhausted as the vibrations seemed to stop. Her pussy was throbbing. Her body was sweating. Blaire helped Silena get dressed as she stood to her feet. Silena couldn’t even speak as she filed out of the office. She was in her power suit, but she felt so powerless as she made her way back to her apartment. She collapsed on her bed exhausted. She waited.

2 more tasks to do. Can you last? I can’t wait to reveal everything to you, Silena. Can you imagine what Blaire thinks of you right now? How humiliating was it to orgasm naked right there in front of her? No way of stopping it. No way of controlling yourself. You can take the vibrator out now. Your next task is simple. And after this task there’s only one more thing you’ll have to do. Your next second to last task is to confess. Confess to one person everything you’ve done. The crimes you’ve committed. The things you’ve done to get yourself in this position. Tell one person the truth. Who will you tell? Will you tell the right person? And then you’ll have one more task. And then you’re done. Right? But I have a surprise waiting for you, if you get to the final day. Everything will be revealed to you.


I Know What You Did - Part 6

Silena didn’t know what to do or who to tell. Blaire already knew mostly everything so she was an obvious choice. But what did the person mean by will she tell the right person? Was there a specific person she was supposed to confess to? Was it Rose? Tell her daughter the truth? Could she even do that? Rose had been talking to Stacy a lot recently.

Rose texted, ‘Hey, Stacy. Can we meet up with each other? Meet me in the garden. Like last time.’

Silena stared at the text. She was expecting to hear from Stacy, but Stacy didn’t really exist. Silena put her head in her hands. She took a deep breath. She dressed up in her getup and headed down the elevator. She stepped into the garden and sat on the bench and soon Rose stepped into the garden. “Silena? What are you doing here? I was supposed to meet someone else.”

Silena looked down, unable to meet her daughter’s eyes as she said. “I am Stacy,” she said.

“What? No you’re not,” Rose scoffed. “You’re nothing like her.”

“Rose, I am Stacy,” Silena repeated.

“How do you know my name?” Rose asked, narrowing her eyes. “Have you been stalking me? What’s going on? You can’t be Stacy.”

“But I am,” Silena said.

She took a deep breath and looked around. “This has to be a joke,” Rose said.

“Come with me, Rose. I want to show you something, but it has to be in a more private area,” Silena said. “Let’s go to my apartment.”

Rose looked shocked and confused but she followed Silena as she led her to the elevator. Silena hit the top floor button, and she rode up with Rose standing next to her. It wasn’t long before they were inside Silena’s apartment. “Wow,” Rose said. “This is where you live? But… But how can you be Stacy? What’s going on?”

Silena took a deep breath as she started pulling her clothes off. Rose’s eyes widened as she saw Silena stripping her clothes off. And when the padded clothing was revealed underneath, Rose let a gasp out. “W-what?”

Silena took her bra and underwear off and Rose just stared. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you the truth when we met,” Silena said. “But the truth is I was embarrassed and ashamed. Rose, there’s something else I have to tell you.”

Rose stared at Silena with a mix of betrayal and disappointment. “No,” Rose said. “No, it’s not true.”

“Rose, I’m your mother,” Silena said.

“YOU?!” Rose shouted. “After all these years I’ve wondered! And it was you?! My idol. My hero. Was the woman who abandoned me. Left me to live a HORRIBLE life?! Do you know what I have gone through?!”

“Rose, please,” Silena said. “I never meant to hurt you. But your father, he, hurt me. He left me. And I was lost. And I was scared. And I didn’t know what to do. At the time I was nobody. And he left me. And then… I made the decision to leave you. To give you to a better family.”

“A better…. a better family?! My father beat me! I had to fend for myself! And every step of the way I idolized YOU. And all this time. You… you were my mom?!” Rose cried.

“W-what?” Silena said. “B-but you’ve grown so well. You’re beautiful compared to me.”

Rose stared at Silena, not believing her ears. “You think… you think because of a one second encounter that you suddenly know my life? My childhood? My history? You think after posing naked in the garden, you can suddenly just make everything okay?! God, I hate you! You are responsible for the torture I put up with! Every day that I was teased and bullied and had to fight through. Until the day I earned enough money to change it all.”

“What?” Silena said.

“I am not naturally like this, Silena, mom, Stacy, or whatever I call you! I paid for surgery, and this whole time I admired you and this whole time you… you were her?” Rose sobbed. “And… why are you even telling me all this?! Why now?! Why not just forget about me after all these years?! Why are you just now telling me all of this!”

Silena didn’t know what to say. Tears were already streaming down her cheeks. Not from embarrassment, but from pain. “I…” Silena frowned.

“Don’t tell me,” Rose said, as she looked Silena up and down. “You’re doing this because someone’s blackmailing you? That’s the only reason you would do all of this, isn’t it? Someone is forcing you to do this.”

“How did you…” Silena said.

“So that’s a yes then?” Rose said, disgusted. “Well fuck you. I hope it was worth it. Whatever you’re hiding. Whatever brought you to this point. I hope it was fucking worth it.”

Rose stormed for the door. “Rose, wait!” Silena called out.

Rose turned around in anger. “Don’t worry, mom. I’ll keep your fucking secret!” Rose shouted as she slammed the elevator button and disappeared.

Silena looked horrified. She couldn’t believe everything just blew up like that. She frowned and sat down on the couch, tears just came out. All the tears. This was horrible. Absolutely horrible. She tried texting Rose, but it said she was blocked. Silena sobbed as her only connection to her daughter was lost. She was naked, humiliated, and hurt.

A touching reunion. And we’re not even at the best part. At midnight the date will change. And everything will be revealed. Just you wait, Silena. Because tomorrow is the best date of the whole year. Do you know what’s great about that day? Well, you’ll find out.

Silena stared at her phone, confused. What? What was significant about tomorrow?


I Know What You Did - Part 7

Silena waited for the day to arrive. She waited for the final text. For whatever was going to happen. She kept thinking about what the stranger was talking about. Tomorrow? What was so significant about April 1st? Why would they mention that? What was so significant about that date? It was just the first of a new month, right? It meant nothing. Then the clock struck 12 and Silena received the final text. She looked down and read.

Before I reveal your final task. I must confess a few things. I never had evidence to use against you in court. I never had any connections to you either. I’m not your assistant or your daughter or your baby daddy or whoever you thought I was. The funniest part? I hardly even know you. I never had your diary. All I had was some security footage when I hacked into your cameras and… your phone. See the only way I actually know you’re doing anything is through your phone. It was a delight watching you squirm. The funniest part is that you did all of that for no reason. Because your final task is to post everything you ever did online. So that’s what’s up, Silena. You can either wait 24 hours for everything to be released including those lovely images you sent me. Or you can do it now and get it over with. Do you know what today is, Silena? Today is April Fools Day. And I have to say, I think I fooled you good. Who knew this entire time I really was just some random stranger looking to humiliate some corporate billionaire. And that’s exactly what I’ve done. Thank you for playing my game, Silena. But your life was over the second you texted me I’m In. If you hadn’t texted me, I would never have been able to do all of what I did to you. I wouldn’t even have been able to bring you to court. Good luck with your life, Silena. And Happy April Fools Day.

Silena stared in shock. She was horrified. All of that. And it was all for nothing? It was all some stupid prank? She cried. She sobbed. She couldn’t stop herself. Her life was over. Everyone would know her secrets. The images she sent that stranger. Her diary. It would all go public.

“Silena? What’s going on? Are you okay? Silena? Silena?!”

Silena looked up. She saw Blaire standing there, by her side. Tears streamed down her face as she sobbed and clutched Blaire tightly. Blaire wrapped her arms around her and held Silena close. “My life is over,” Silena sobbed. “Blaire, I… I’m so embarrassed. I… I’m so stupid. And why are you here?”

“Silena,” Blaire whispered. “You’re not stupid. And I kind of figured you would need me. After everything that’s been happening. What’s going on? Tell me, please.”

Silena showed Blaire her phone in defeat. Blaire scrolled through the messages that were exchanged between her and the stranger. Blaire’s eyes widened as she read everything. “Everyone’s going to see everything,” Silena sobbed.

Blaire said. “Oh my God, Silena. This is… this is why you did all those things… and… and you have a daughter… Rose… oh my… Silena, this person. They manipulated you. They… they tried to convince you that I would do this to you? I would never. Ever. Do this to you or anyone else. And neither would Rose. Or anyone. Whoever did this… they’re disgusting.”

Silena held onto Blaire and sobbed. “I’m sorry I ever thought it was you,” Silena whispered. “I was so terrified and scared and embarrassed. I… I couldn’t… I’m so embarrassed.”

“Maybe we can stop this,” Blaire said. “We still have time.”

Silena shook her head. “What would we even do to stop this? Blaire, this person has images of me. Naked. Exposed. Humiliated. They have intimate images of me.”

“Silena, I’m so sorry. I should’ve done something. I should have realized you were in trouble. Maybe if I had intervened I could have helped you,” Blaire said.

“No,” Silena said. “If you intervened, you probably would have gotten hurt too. I don’t know what this person is capable of. I don’t know, Blaire.”

Suddenly the phones started going off.

“Oh no,” Blaire said.

“What?” Silena asked. “Why is my phone going off.”

“Because,” Blaire said, nibbling her bottom lip. “The person went public.”

Silena looked and gasped as she saw her naked body all over everywhere. She was on billboards, on social media, everywhere had her naked images. “No,” Silena cried. “No no no.”

“Silena, I’m so sorry,” Blaire said as the phones continued to blow up.

Silena stared at her phone as she saw a text from the stranger.

I lied. Your images are going public a lot earlier than midnight. Say hello to the world for me. The debut of Silena Allen. The Naked Fraud.


I Know What You Did - Part 8

Silena’s a fucking joke. She’s been lying to us for all these years!

Just another heartless billionaire liar. What the fuck did she think she would get from this?

I’m not even mad about her body. But she fucking lied about her worth! I invested in her company and we get this instead! I want my money back

All those poor employees fired because of this greedy bitch.

Is this supposed to be an April Fool’s joke?

The only joke is her boob size

Can you call them boobs when they’re mosquito bite size?

I can’t believe I ever looked up to her.

Ok, but who took the photos?

I bet she forced someone to do it because she thought she was hot

This isn’t even the biggest shock, she has a fucking daughter? And she just abandoned her?! Wtf?

Guess the virgin Silena was a fucking liar

Imagine leaving your daughter and then lying about it for years

Do you think she’s even remotely sorry? She’s just drowning in the billion dollars she took from us

Bet she never did anal. Did you see how tight her ass was?

Maybe she got an STI from her first time, that’s why she lied about it

You think she has herpes?

Probably AIDS

Do you think she’s gay?

Something’s definitely going on with her assistant

Do you think Blaire’s a liar too?

She probably fucking knew. All of them are liara

They should be ashamed of themselves

I want my fucking money back

I’m burning all my Silena Allen merch right now

What a fraud. So fake.

Where does she live? I want to go spit in her face

69 42nd St level 20.

Thx mate, Imma go there now

Silena stared at her phone as more and more messages came in. All over social media. Silena Allen was trending #1 on all platforms. Instagram was filled with images of naked Silena. Twitter was a cesspool of hashtags and hateful messages. Pornhub had fake videos with Silena. Facebook pages were everywhere with all sorts of images and everything. Even Tik Tok had quick videos of all sorts of things relating to Silena Allen. There didn’t seem to be a single person on Silena’s side. Silena’s phone never stopped ringing as calls after calls kept coming. Blaire stayed with Silena as she comforted her.

“It’s going to be okay,” Blaire kept saying.

“It’s over,” Silena cried over and over again.

“No it’s not,” a voice said after hours of the same cycle.

Silena looked up to see her daughter standing in the doorway. “Rose?” Silena said, wiping her tears.

“Hi… mom. I… I wanted to say I’m sorry,” Rose said as tears formed in her eyes. “I didn’t know it was this bad. I thought… I thought… I’m sorry.”

Rose cried as she stammered over her words. Silena opened her arms out and Rose ran into them, holding her mother tightly. “I’m sorry too,” Silena said.

“How can people be so fucked up?!” Rose shouted. “All those people saying all those mean things and they don’t even know you?”

Silena sighed. “I lied, Rose. And I made money from my lies. This is what happens. And I don’t really blame them,” Silena said.

“This is bullshit!” Rose shouted. “You can’t just give up! Not now!”

“What am I supposed to do, Rose?” Silena said. “You’ve seen it all online. People hate me now.”

“Not everyone will,” Rose said. “You have to do something. You have to own what happened and tell everyone the truth.”

“What do you mean?” Silena asked.

“You’re good at speeches,” Rose said. “So go to your office and make the best speech you’ve ever done. Don’t write a script. Just speak. From the heart. I know you can do this, mom. You’ve done it a thousand times. And that hasn’t changed.”

Silena nodded. “Maybe I will.”

Blaire smiled as she watched the encounter unfold. “I guess we have our work to do. Let’s do it,” Blaire said.

“I know exactly what I’m going to say,” Silena said. “Blaire, let’s go now. Rose, do you want to come with me?”

Rose nodded. “Of course.”

“Alright, we probably have a lot of people trying to get up. So let’s do what we do best,” Silena said. “Let’s make a power move.”

With that the three women walked together out the door and to the elevator as they descended to the Lobby.


I Know What You Did - Part 9

Silena made her way to her building by cutting through the garden and using a back exit as Blaire and Rose followed. Blaire climbed into the driver’s seat while Silena and Rose sat in the backseat. Blaire practically floored it as she sped down the road as crowds of people filled the sidewalks. Blaire quickly pulled into the parking garage of the building and the women ran for the entrance, making their way inside and up to Silena’s office. Silena was still naked as she set up to do her thing, Blaire set up the cameras getting ready to broadcast everything. Silena took a deep breath and nodded for Blaire to start.

“I know these past few days have been crazy for many of you,” Silena said as her nude speaking self appeared on the screens all around the city. “I know that what I have done has broken and betrayed your trust and faith in me, and I’m sorry for ever deceiving you. I never meant to hurt anyone. Yes, I lied about my body and that was wrong. But I was scared and self-conscious. I made the decision to change my appearances when I was young, and I was too afraid to go back. And I won’t lie, not anymore, I lied to you many times about the company’s worth. We always made the money back but sometimes I had to take the gamble, and I did. I am a business woman at heart, but it was wrong for me to gamble with your money. I know many of you have been hurt by what was leaked and I understood that many of you have lost your faith and trust in me. I’m sorry it had to be that way.

And most of all, I’m sorry to Rose. My daughter. Yes, my daughter. I was scared and unprepared to raise a daughter at the age of which I conceived her. And I thought giving her to a different family would be better. I didn’t know that I would one day come to regret that. I did not go through the proper adoption process either, I just abandoned my only child and thought it would be a better outcome than raising her on my own while still trying to afford my own food day by day. I’ve done a lot of things I regret. A lot of stupid things, but I want to do better. And I have plans. I have ideas.

First, I want to change how I campaign and promote this company. I want to change the face you see on billboards and wherever else. From now on, I will embrace who I truly am, and I will take what this person took from me and turn it into my new business model. I will now only work fully nude. In my most natural form. All advertisements and everything will be changed to promote this idea. I will be doing photoshoots with the assistance of Rose, my daughter. I will be Silena Allen, not the Naked Fraud, but the Naked Entrepreneur. And this is where it all starts.

I also have an important move to kick this all off, and I need the most amazing woman to come here and step in front of the camera. Blaire. Blaire Adkins,” Silena said as Blaire stepped next to her, unsure of what Silena was doing. “I… I don’t want you to be my assistant anymore.”

Blaire’s jaw dropped, a look of hurt formed in her face. “Silena?”

“I think that you are way too valuable, way too smart, and way too overqualified to just be my assistant,” Silena smirked. “I… I want you to be co-CEO with me and run this company together. If you would accept. This move will be done immediately.”

“Silena,” Blaire said, tearing up and smiling. “Yes. Yes I’d love to.”

“Great,” Silena said smiling and then leaned in closer. “And I have one other thing to ask you.”

Blaire looked af Silena in anticipation and a little confused.

“Will you be my girlfriend?” Silena asked in a seductive, sexy way.”

Blaire blushed and responded by kissing Silena gently on the lips. “Yes.”

The broadcast cut as Blaire wrapped her arms around Silena’s neck while Silena wrapped her arms around Blaire’s waist. “I can’t believe it took this long,” Silena whispered.

“But either way, that was really hot,” Blaire whispered.

“You think so?” Silena said.

“Definitely,” Blaire said as she kissed Silena.

“Do you think people will trust me again?” Silena asked.

“I think people will learn to trust you again,” Blaire said. “And if they don’t, then we can still work to rebuild and prove to everyone why they should have faith in us.”

“So what comes next? Is this the end of our story?” Silena asked.

Blaire smiled. “Well, I guess that depends on what we want to do. But I don’t plan on going anywhere anytime soon.”

“Then let’s make our story,” Silena said. “Together this time. You and me. The face of this company. The face of Eden Inc.


10