A Night Of Dancing...
by Waltz7

Laura puts on a show in the club.

Walking into the kitchen John smiled to himself as he thought about the night ahead.

He and his girlfriend, Laura, had spent the last hour drinking together, pre-gaming before heading out to the bars. He was on his way to pour one more shot for each of them before they went out, and he was eagerly anticipating a night out with his sexy girlfriend.

John filled two shot glasses and set the bottle back on the counter before handing Laura a shot and picked up his own. "Ready?" he asked. In response Laura raised her shot glass to tap against his and together they tossed them down, both reaching for their chasers to clear the aftertaste of the alcohol from their mouths.

Setting his chaser down John picked up both shot glasses and headed to the sink. "Okay, I'll clean up, go finish getting ready and we'll head out."

"All right, I'm almost ready." Laura replied, walking back to her bedroom. As she walked away John couldn't help checking out her gorgeous body. Tonight she had chosen a pink, or "coral," form-fitting dress that barely made it to mid-thigh, displaying lots of her long, thin legs. Atop those magnificent legs she had a fantastic, firm, perfectly shaped ass that most girls only wished they had. Her chest was the kind that John loved best, small, pert, and perfectly shaped. Above all this she had a cascade of curly blond hair.

Watching her walk out of the room he was tempted to change their plans and go take her out of that dress and into bed right then but knew that a fun night waited. Tearing his gaze away from her he quickly put the kitchen in order and followed into her bedroom.

"Which shoes?" Laura queried, gesturing to a couple options she had set out. The first was a pair of black shoes with five-inch heels that she liked to call her stripper heels. Next to them was a pair of knee high black leather boots, her hooker boots.

After a moment of thought John pointed "The boots."

He sat down of the bed to tie his own shoes as she pulled the boots on. Standing up he checked his pockets, making sure that he had both of their IDs, his credit card, plenty of cash, her house key, and of course a pair of condoms. "I think I've got everything." He often wound up with his pockets full of stuff because Laura wasn't fond of carrying a purse, especially when hitting the bars.

Together they walked upstairs and out of Laura's house, John locking the door behind him. After a short walk they came to their first stop of the night, a little bar with a good view of the street and sidewalk so they could people watch, as they liked to do when drinking.

They stepped up to the bar to order their drinks, Laura a cosmo and John a rum and coke. Drinks in hand they sat down on stools at the window. As they sat, chatted, and made fun of people walking by John rested one hand on her bare thigh, below the hem of her dress. Halfway absently he gently rubbed her thigh, his fingertips gently brushing her inner thigh. He loved the feel of her smooth, firm thigh under his hand, plus he knew that his touch would get her a little aroused, a state he hoped to keep her in and build all night.

Finishing their drinks they stood to leave the bar to make their way to their next destination. As the stepped out onto the sidewalk John wrapped one arm around Laura's waist and in this fashion they walked to their next destination and stepped up to the end of the line at the door. Being one of the few bars in town where you could dance there was often a line.

Shortly they came to the front of the line, paid their cover charge, and walked down the stairs into the bar. As was their usual procedure they stopped at the bar for a drink for each of them before finding a table with a good view of the dance floor. They sat down and John made sure to position his chair immediately next to hers so that their hips and shoulders touched and he could again rest his hand on her thigh. They sipped their drinks and commenced their usual banter, making fun of the really bad dancers, the people who were obviously already horribly drunk, and the awkward or creepy guys on the fringes of the dance floor.

Eventually they finished their drinks and John stood up. He offered his hand to Laura and asked "Care to dance."

"I'd love to." She replied with a smile.

They made their way out into the middle of the press of bodies and began grinding on each other to the music pumping through the speakers. As they pressed bodies together, grinding their hips into one another John felt himself getting hard and knew that Laura would be able to feel his erection as she pressed into him. In confirmation she modified her motions to press her ass more firmly against his cock through their clothing. He pulled her hips harder into him and could tell by how she arched her back and the way she moved that their dancing was turning her on too. She was also clearly feeling the alcohol they had consumed.

They continued dancing and John let his hands roam her body, from her hips up her sides to cup her breasts then back down to her thighs. As she danced the hem Laura's dress got pushed farther up her thighs, as it often did, and John let his hands enjoy the smoothness of her bare thighs, only occasionally tugging the bottom of her dress back down so it didn't ride up too high.

As one song ended Laura turned to face him and he pulled her into a kiss, sliding his tongue into her open mouth. They remained facing each other as the next song started, and John positioned one of his legs between Laura's. He could tell she was horny, and drunk, by the way she ground her pelvis against his thigh as the continued dancing. In this position John was able to let his hands enjoy her back, lingering mostly on her ass, and on the backs of her thighs.

At this point, he knew, John could be a bit bolder and let his runs roam up under her skirt to rub her lips and clit as they danced, working his way to sliding his fingers inside her wet pussy. He knew this would get them both excited enough that Laura would practically drag him out of the bar either home or to some other convenient, mostly private place where they could fuck each other's brains out.

But tonight John had a different series of events in mind so he gently pushed Laura back from him before leading her by the hand toward the bar. "We need another drink." He said.

"We do?"

"Yes." He said simply before ordering another rum & and coke for himself and a shot of tequila for her. "Drink up." He ordered, handing her the shot.

After a brief hesitation Laura drank down the tequila and with a grimace stuck the piece of lemon proffered by the bartender in her mouth while looking at John with a halfhearted teasing glare, which she ruined with a smirk after poking the lemon into the empty shot glass.

With a smile John led over to an open table overlooking the dance floor and sat down with his drink. Wrapping one arm around her he leaned against her and asked "Which of the girls dancing with each other out there look like the most fun to you?"

"What? The most fun?" She questioned, confused. "Ummm...those two." She continued, a hint of question in her voice as she indicated a pair of girls toward the closest corner of the dance floor who were dancing with each other.

"Hmm, good choice." He said, looking at the two young women. Both were thin, slightly shorter than Laura and quite attractive. One was a brunette with a small, perky chest like Laura's with tan, athletic looking legs displayed quite well by the short, pleated skirt she was wearing below a tight tanktop. The second girl was a blonde, her hair slightly lighter and much straighter than Laura's. In contrast to Laura and the brunette she had fairly large breasts, and judging by the way the moved beneath the top of the dress she was wearing John guessed she wasn't wearing a bra.

"Okay," he said, as he returned his attention to Laura "I want you to go dance with those girls while I watch." A note in his voice indicated that he expected obedience, and he could see that she noticed and, as he had expected, was turned on by his command. As she turned to follow his order he caught her hand and pulled her back to him to quickly, forcefully press his lips to hers. Breaking the kiss he boldly looked her in the eye, saying "Put on a good show for me."

She meekly nodded, dropping her eyes to the ground before turning and moving toward the dance floor and the pair of young women she had picked out. John watched as she approached them, catching their attention and asked them a questions, apparently asking if she could dance with them for at their nods she stepped closer to them and began moving to the music.

The three of them danced to the music through the rest of that song mostly avoiding contact with one another. During the brief lull in the music at the end of the song John saw them exchange a few words, presumably trading names. As the music resumed they continued to dance, and he watched as Laura slowly worked her way closer to the others until she wound up between them with no more than a few inches between herself and either of the other two. After dancing between the two for a moment she gradually moved back against the other blonde, and as the blonde didn't move away began grinding with her, pressing her back against her abundant chest and her ass against the other girl's hips.

John watched, a smile forming on his lips, as Laura boldly took the blonde's hands and firmly put them on her hips. He saw a momentarily look of surprise on the blonde's face which was quickly replaced by a sly smile. Taking the hint that Laura had given her hands began to explore Laura's body, moving from her hips to her thighs before moving back up her sides. Her hands reached the outside of Laura's breasts and John noticed a brief hesitation before moving around to cup her tits through her dress. At this John could see Laura arching her back and pressing her hips against the girl behind her, to him clearly indicating her arousal and enjoyment of the blonde's attentions.

The brunette, noticing where her friend's hands had ended up, leaned in to say something in Laura's ear. In response Laura flashed her a sultry smile before spinning around to press her body back against the brunette. Having seen her friend's hands already exploring Laura's body the brunette didn't hesitate in feeling her up. As John watched she ran her hands down the outside of Laura's thighs below her dress then traced her fingertips back up her inner thighs to the hem of her dress before pressing them flat and sliding them up across her hips and belly. As she reached Laura's chest she stopped and shifted her hands outwards, allowing her index finger to trace along the bottom edge of Laura's bra.

The three hot young women dancing so sexily with each other had not gone unnoticed and John watched as one of the many drunken college guys in the bar approached them. As he attempted to start dancing with the girls Laura put one hand on his chest and pushed him away, shaking her head. The other two grinned as they watched Laura turn him away, and the brunette wrapped one arm around Laura's body to pull her back against her.

John saw Laura turn her head and make eye contact with him, and he smiled at her. A determined look came across her face and she turned back to the blonde in front of her. She reached out and with one hand caught the blonde's hip to pull her in, sandwiching herself between the two girls. As she pulled the blonde towards her she slipped her other hand around to the top of her neck to pull head in to kiss her. The blonde stiffened slightly before relaxing and returning the kiss. As they continued to enthusiastically make out John could see many of the other bar-goers staring at the two beautiful young women as they kissed.

Not to be left out the brunette slid around from behind Laura and pulled her away from the blonde so she could press her own lips against Laura's. As they began to make out the song ended and they broke their kiss. Looking breathless Laura looked up at John. He beckoned her to come over to him and watched as she turned to the other girls and smiled before saying something and turning toward him. Watching her make her way over to him John noticed that the hem of her dress had worked it's way up to the bottom of her ass, and noticed also that she made no move to tug the fabric back down.

When she reached him he pulled her in to sit on his lap, one arm wrapping around her back and the other hand coming to rest between her thighs. He looked at her flushed face before passionately kissing her. Leaning back he said "That was good," in a tone indicating that he really expected better, before moving to kiss her again. As he slipped his tongue between her lips he moved his hand up between her legs, parting them slightly until his fingertips brushed against her thong-covered sex, drawing a gasp from Laura. Gently pressing his fingers against her lips he could feel that her thong was soaked. Returning his hand to her thigh her broke their kiss and met her eyes.

"You're all wet." He stated. "I take it you enjoy acting slutty for me?" he asked.

Laura just nodded in reply, dropping her eyes to her lap.

John paused for a moment to survey the crowd on the dance floor. Finding what he was looking for turned back to Laura. "Well then slut, do you see those two awkward looking guys over there?" he asked, pointing to a couple of young men standing near the edge of the dance floor. Both looked to be quite shy and way outside their comfort zone as they stood on the dance floor and nervously made some awkward motions that might have been dancing.

As Laura nodded confirmation that she was them John continued "Since you enjoy putting on a show so much I want you to go make their night. I expect you to be aggressive because they probably won't be. Now go." He said, the tone of authority back in his voice as he pushed her gently off his lap.

He watched as she headed back to the dance floor, making a beeline for the two college boys he had indicated. Stepping in front of them she grabbed each of them by the hand and, if he read her lips right, said "Dance with me."

Not waiting for a response she slipped in between the two and started moving her hips to the music. A look of surprise followed by delight flashed across the faces of both guys, drawing a laugh from John as he watched. Neither of the two was going to miss the opportunity and began dancing with Laura. The taller of the boys was behind her and slowly edged forward to bring his hips and body into contact with hers. Sensing his hesitation Laura pushed herself back against him, grinding her hips against him.

The other guy, just barely taller than Laura didn't seem to quite know what to do as he had wound up in front of her. She cleared this up by reaching out to grab him by the hips to pull him close in front her, effectively sandwiching herself between the two.

John watched as the two young men danced with Laura pressed between them, and noticed that neither of them had their hands on her, either due to their shyness or in an effort to avoid touching their friend. Laura herself had no such qualms and still had her hands on the hips of the boy in front of her. Soon her hands began exploring, and John smiled as she slipped them under the guy's shirt, causing him to stiffen briefly in surprise at her touch. A fleeting smile slipped across Laura's face, a clear indication to John that she was enjoying teasing the two awkward guys.

More of Laura's arms disappeared under the shorter boy's shirt as she moved her hands around to his back. Using her arms she pulled him toward her, pressing her body tight against his, one of his legs slipping between her thighs. John watched as she ground her hips against the boy's thigh and, after a moment of this, pressed her lips against the base of his neck before snaking her tongue out to lick up almost to his earlobe.

The guy twisted to look at her in surprise, and was greeted by a sly smile from Laura before she pushed him back slightly to spin around to face the taller boy while pressing her hips back against the first.

Reaching out to the boy she was now facing Laura grabbed him by the hips to spin him around so he was facing away from her before pulling him back towards her, against sandwiching herself between the two young men.

She took advantage of this position to grind her hips against the shorter of the two, now behind her, while giving her hands free rein to roam the body of the other. One hand rested on his hip as the second moved along his belt towards the center of his body before slipping upward underneath his shirt. John could see that hand as she first slid it across his abs before moving up to explore his chest.

Shortly Laura slipped her hand out from under his shirt to rest both on the sides of the boy's hips. She then turned her head slightly to meet John's eyes. Seeing her look to him John cocked one eyebrow with a lopsided smile, his expression conveying a silent challenge of "Is that the best you do?"

Laura returned his look with a determined glare before returning her attention to the two young men she was dancing with. Still sandwiched between the two she managed to shift the three of them slightly so that they were facing directly towards the table from which John was watching her.

Laura fixed her eyes on John, her look a mixture of sultry, determined, and defiant. John returned her gaze with a slight smile, obviously amused. Laura's face flushed before settling into a more determined look. Without taking her gaze from John she let one hand drift from the young man's hip in towards his groin. Seeing the direction her hand was heading John's smile broadened. With a smirk of her own Laura slid her hand farther before first gently stroking then grasping the young man's erection through his pants.

With a look of astonished delight the young man twisted to face Laura, and without hesitation she used her other hand to pull him against her to kiss him while maintaining her grip on his cock. As their positions shifted the other boy was able to see where Laura's hand was and decided to be bolder himself. Moving around behind her he pressed his own doubtless erect cock against her ass and slipped both hands around her to cup her breasts.

As he watched his girlfriend make out with and get groped by the two college boys John felt a minor stab of possessiveness that almost immediately passed as he considered that Laura was out there acting like a wanton slut in the middle of a crowded dance club to please him. Added to that was the confidence that she was his, and at the end of the night he would be the one to take her home.

In fact, watching her act like such a slut had gotten him excited, and his excitement spiked as he watched Laura's next move. As Laura and the taller boy continued to make out the shorter one had moved one hand from her chest to her firm ass. Laura released her grip on the cock in her hand to grab the boy's hand behind her. At first he stiffened as though he thought she meant to push him away but a grin quickly split his face as Laura instead guided his hand under her dress to before firmly planting his palm against her mound.

John watched with mounting excitement, and rapidly hardening cock, as Laura moved her hips against the motions of the guy's hand on her thong-clad pussy. Suddenly Laura pushed the taller guy back to draw in a gasp before turning to face the shorter one causing his hand to leave it's place on her sex. She grabbed both sides of his head to hold him in place for a long kiss. She broke the kiss and stepped back from both of them. Reaching out she grasped both of their erect cocks through their jeans before stepping back. She smiled at them and with a sexy wave said "Bye" and turned to stride over to the table where John was waiting.

He watched her approach, a laugh escaping as he noticed the two guys staring at Laura as she strutted to him, her hips swaying seductively. Reaching him Laura wrapped an arm around his shoulders as she sat down on his lap causing his the shaft of his erection to press against her thighs. Smirking, she said "I take it someone enjoyed the show."

"I did" he replied "but there is something that could make it better."

"Oh?"

"I know you like being a slut for me, and it's time for you to prove it." Here he paused to gauge her reaction, and, as her breathing quickened and she squirmed slightly on his lap her knew she was too turned on to raise any objections to his plans. Continuing, he said, "Take off your thong."

"Here?" she asked, a touch of nervousness in her voice as she glanced around at all the people around them.

"Here" he confirmed "Right now." Glancing up himself he saw that the two guys she had danced with still had their gazes fixed on Laura. "Oh, and make sure the guys you danced with can tell what you're doing."

Without further objection but with some hesitation Laura used one hand to lift herself before slipping first one side of the thong then the other off her hips and to the tops of her thighs before lowering herself back onto his lap, tugging her dress back down where it had gotten pushed up.

Her dress still covered the straps of her thong so she slipped her fingers of both hands under the hem of her dress to shift her thong down to mid thigh, below her dress and clearly visible to anyone who happened to be looking at them. A glance up confirmed to John the two guys were still watching and had their eyes fixed on her thighs, obviously seeing her thong.

As she pushed the thong down her thighs Laura pressed her face against John's neck and moaned softly. With a chuckle, John said "Now get them off and give them to me."

In order to get the thong off Laura swiveled so her legs were parallel to John's rather than across his as she had been sitting. This enabled her to lean forward and press her ass against John's cock as she slid the thong down her legs and over her feet. Sitting back up she pressed her back against John's chest while offering him her thong, wadded up and hidden inside her hand.

John took it from her, but rather than hiding it as she had let it drape over his fingers, sure that the two guys, and anyone else looking their way, would see it. Lifting the fabric, wet with her juices, John could smell the scent of her arousal. "Mmm, you smell wonderful." He commented before lowering the thong to stick it into his pocket.

Laura started to shift her legs back across his but he placed one hand on her knee to stop her. He adjusted her position so that her back was pressed against his chest while she faced out toward the dance floor. With one hand he reached down to push her thighs apart, opening her legs to expose her bare pussy. Holding her thighs open he glanced up to make sure the two young men were still looking, as of course they were, before whispering in her ear "The two guys you were teasing are staring at your wet pussy." As Laura moaned and pressed back into him he chuckled and continued, "That turns you on doesn't it. You're such a little whore. Well my little whore, maybe you'd like to put on a little show for them, and anyone else who happens to be watching."

Again, Laura moaned in response and John slid his hand up her inner thigh to briefly cup her sex. She stifled a gasp as he slipped first one, then two fingers in her dripping cunt. He turned his wrist to the side as he worked his fingers in and out to make sure the watching boys had a clear view.

Laura's breath was coming in shuddering gasps as he fingered her tight pussy, and John glanced at her face. Noticing that she had her eyes closed her whispered "Open your eyes slut." She snapped open her eyes and glanced into his before looking at her knees. "Look up, and make eye contact with those two guys." At his command she looked up. As she did so he brought his thumb into contact with her clit and turned his fingers to press against her g-spot. This combined stimulation added to her feelings of exposure as she looked into the boys' watching eyes sent her over the edge and she shuddered as she hit her orgasm.

As she stopped trembling John removed his fingers from her wetness and settled his hand on her thigh once more. "Good girl" he said, "Now it's time to go so I can give you what a little whore like you deserves." She stood up off his lap and he got up and gently prodded her toward the door, following her through the bar.

Once on the sidewalk they turned to head toward her apartment but John had other plans in mind. Playing with Laura in the bar had turned him on so much that he didn't want to wait the time it would take them to walk to the fourteen or fifteen blocks home so after a couple blocks her pulled her to the side toward the entrance to one of the University buildings.

"Wait, where are we going? She asked, confused by the change of direction.

John didn't respond but just led her up the stairs. The front of the building had a patio wide enough for a few tables to either side of the stairs, and the whole patio was bordered by a nearly-solid approximately four foot tall decorative railing that left the patio rather dark and effectively screened them from anyone passing by.

He led her to one of the tables, turned around, and sat down on the edge. He pulled her to him to wrap his arms around her and press his lips to hers in an urgent kiss. As she slipped his tongue into her eagerly accepting mouth he reached down to pull the bottom of her dress up, leaving her exposed from the waist down. Next he moved his hands to her shoulders to pull both the straps from her dress and bra off her shoulders, and without prompting Laura worked her arms out from the straps, allowing him to pull her bra down, freeing her perky breasts. He immediately leaned forward to take one of her already hard nipples in his mouth.

As he licked and sucked her nipple, drawing moans from Laura, John pushed her hips away from him slightly to give him space to slide one hand between her thighs. He rubbed her clit briefly before sliding a finger into her depths.

Laura gasped, and pulled away from him to attack his belt. She undid his belt and pants and almost roughly tugged his pants and boxers down in her eagerness to get at his hard cock. As it sprang free she grasped it before dropping to her knees. While Laura typically liked to tease him first as she went down on him this time she immediately engulfed the head and half of the shaft of his cock. John moaned in delighted as she bobbed up and down on his cock.

Catching a movement out of the corner of his eye John surreptitiously glanced to the side and saw that the two boys from the bar had follower them and now were attempting, unsuccessfully, to hide in the darkness against the railing on the opposite side of the stairs. Smiling, John's attention was pulled back to Laura as she took his cock in her throat, struggling to get as much as she could of his eight-inch cock down her throat. Reaching her limit she backed off and for a breath before again sliding his cock into her throat.

As she again backed off for a breath John pulled her up by her shoulders as he stood up. He stepped around her, pressed her forwards until her thighs hit the edge of the table then pressed her shoulders down, bending her over the table in front of him. Laura was moaning with every breath as he stepped behind her and placed the head of his cock against her opening. Pausing, he asked, "Is this what you want my little slut?"

"Yes. Yes. Please." She gasped out in reply.

Without any other warning John plunged his cock into her depths, filling her in one stroke. Laura cried out as he began hammering his cock into her tight cunt. John knew that this position would quickly send her over the top as each thrust hit her g-spot, and as if on cue Laura's moans grew sharper and she pressed back to meet his thrusts. He reached forward to grip her hair, pulling slightly. She had turned her head away from the stairs, and the watching boys, when she had bent over the table, and he kept her facing that way as she built toward her orgasm. He thrust into her a few more times until he sensed she was about to orgasm then twisted her head so she was looking the other direction.

Her eyes widened as she took in the two young men standing there watching them, both of them now furiously masturbating. At this sight, and John's continuing thrusts she cried out as her orgasm shuddered through her. He held her head facing the boys as he continued pounding his cock into her depths, and coming down from her orgasm she watched as one of the boys reached his own orgasm, shooting his cum onto the patio.

John was nearing his own orgasm, and as he felt it building pulled his cock from her and pulled her off the table to her knees in front of him. She grasped his cock to guide it to her mouth as he came, the first shot catching her on the chin. She quickly took the head in her mouth and hungrily sucked the rest of his load into her mouth. After giving him a few final sucks she leaned back and stood up. She wiped the come off her chin with one hand then after looking around from somewhere to wipe it shrugged and licked it off her hand.

John pulled her in and they kissed for a minute before separating to fix their clothes. After Laura had fixed her bra and dress she slipped her arm through John's as the headed back towards the stairs. There was no sign of the two watchers, other than the spattering of come that they stepped over on their way off the patio.
