How Did It Begin?
By: onemadvagabond
Chapter 2

I awoke the next morning to Ashley playing her loud pop music.  As far as I was concerned it was the worst music you could listen too.  Always has been.  My parade could not be rained on despite being brought out of my slumber so rudely.  I had slept better that night than I had my entire life.  It just may have been the two blowjobs I had gotten from my girlfriend the day before.

Its only nine thirty, why the hell is she not sleeping in like the rest of the teenagers in the world?  It is summer after all, I thought.  Since asking her or yelling at her to turn the music down would only start an argument as usual I decided to take the highroad for once and let it go since I was in too good of a mood to want to argue with Ashley.  Once performing my morning stretching ritual, I went and took a shower before having breakfast.  I was about finished when Ashley came sauntering into the kitchen still dressed in her sleepwear.  She was wearing a pair of loose sleep shorts and thin camisole top, all in pink of course because she still thought that she was a princess.  Most people that knew her would definitely argue that point.

So how are you doing little brother? she asked as she leaned over the table.  The top of her shirt fell out just enough that it bared her very nice medium size breasts just short of her nipples.  I may be her brother, and she was definitely a bitch, but that did not change the fact that she was sexy as hell.

Um, I hesitated, my eyes drawn to the ample cleavage, nothing, but if you must know, I thought I would just hang out until Emily got home.  Why?  You never gave a damn before, I said as I forced myself to look back to her eyes.

No reason, just curious, she said as she stood back up and went to the fridge and continued in her smarmy way.  What do you see in her anyway?  I mean hell Evan.  Youve been going out with her for what?  A year now, youve known each other your whole lives, and from what I hear you havent even gotten inside her bra yet.  God, could you get any more whipped?

Shut up Ash, how the hell would you know anyway? I spat back at her.

Gosh, relax Evan, she said looking back at me over her shoulder.  Of course from your anger I guess that makes my assumptions correct, she grabbed a bottle of juice from the fridge and came to stand facing me with her right hip leaning into the table and running the tip of a finger around the lid of the bottle.  What are you getting so upset about?  Its not like shes giving it away to anybody else either right, she said quickly turning and walking away.

What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Ashley did not answer.

What she had said made me think back to the day before.  I just sat there thinking about everything that had happened since we got back from vacation.  Things definitely were not normal with Emily acting the least normal of all.  She couldnt possibly be cheating on me could she?  That whole thing with Mike yesterday had me the most worried.  Did I really hear what I thought I had?  She wouldnt cheat on me with him would she?  I mean she only got along with him because he and I were still friends.  Since we had started dating she resented him for taking up so much of my time, telling me that she deserved more of it than he did, because we were now dating and Emily and I had known each other longer anyway.

Shaking my head, I got up to put my dishes away.  There was no way she would cheat on me with Mike.  Ashley had to be messing with me, being her normal bitchy self.  Everyone knew that she hated Emily.  Ever since the summer before when Mikes parents went out of town for the weekend and left Mike to stay with us while they were gone.  His parents said he could have some friends over to use the volleyball court and hangout while they were gone though.  Everything was going fine until Ashley and two of her friends showed up.  My sister had sort of become a bitch when she entered high school and became a cheerleader.

Her reason for disliking Emily being she thought her being a good girl was just an act to suck up to the parents, and had been giving her hell for quite a while by that time.  When they showed up at Mikes it was no different.  That day though, Emily had had enough.  While my sister was on the back row, Emily had grabbed Mikes dog Buster putting his leash on him and slipping her arm through the leash.  I asked her what she was doing, but just got hushed and told to watch.  Emily then snuck up behind Ashley, grabbed her shorts and ripped them down her legs, and before Ashley could react and pull her shorts back on Emily pushed Busters nose into her crotch and let him go.  It only took him one sniff of Ashleys muff to get him to slip his tongue out and start lapping away.  She tried to get away from the assault on her pussy by that German shepherds tongue and lost her balance from the shorts around her ankles falling face first into the sand.  Buster did not get any further with her, because she got her shorts pulled up before he could get his nose back into her gash.  Everyone there was laughing their asses off, even her friends.  Needless to say, she has had a serious grudge against Emily since that day.  Since I had done nothing to stop Emily, my sister had extended that grudge to me as well.  What surprised both Emily and me was the fact that Ashley had not mentioned a thing about it to our parents.

I had to actually threaten my sister to get her to back off her threats afterwards.  I loved Ashley, she was my sister after all, but she had brought it on herself.  She found out the hard way that even when dealing with someone as nice as Emily, you can only push them so far.

About an hour after our little confrontation in the kitchen, Ashley was out the door, yelling at me on her way out to tell our parents she would be over at her friend Amys house and was going to stay for dinner.  As usual a sense of calm came over me as soon as she was gone.  I did have to admit that her bitchiness had lessened recently.  That could have been cause for concern, but it also could have meant that she was finally growing up and getting over the whole thing.  With Emily out with her mom I gave Mike a call to see if he wanted to hang out, and maybe get to the bottom of a few things about his weirdness at least, but no one answered so I was left to hang out at home by myself.

When I was just a little kid I had really liked where we lived.  There were only a couple of dozen houses in our neighborhood with lots of woods for growing boys to run around in and have fun.  The one big problem as I said before was the lack of kids my age.

At two that afternoon Emily finally called.

Hey, are you done hanging out with your mom? I asked hoping she would say yes so we could spend some time together.

Yeah, but I cant hang out right now, she answered sounding a little down.

Is everything alright?  Youve been acting different.

Every things fine, what are you doing? she asked trying to sound more upbeat.

Nothin, just watching TV.  I cant wait till Im sixteen and can drive somewhere.  Are you sure everything is OK, you know you can tell me anything right? I said, still trying to get her to open up to me.

Everythings fine Evan, just let it go alright, quickly becoming agitated with my questions.  It was a reaction that I would never get before those past couple of days.

Knowing without a doubt that something was going on now I let it go for the time being, figuring I could get her to eventually open up about it, Sorry.

Thats alright; just dont worry about it OK, she said with another sigh.  Something she seemed to be doing a lot more of lately.

If you say so.  So when can we get together? I asked wishing that she could come over then since I had the house to myself.  Of course I was thinking with the little head again.  We had almost had sex for the first time the day before, and she had made it clear that it was going to happen.

I dont know, Ill call you when I get home OK.  I gotta go.  Love you.

Love you too, I barely got that out before she hung up.

My parents got home at the usual time.  The two of them being the only ones besides me that seemed to be acting completely normal.

Hey boy, did you do anything constructive today or just sit around watching the idiot box? my dad asked me in his usual greeting.  My mom just poked him in the ribs telling him to be nice.  She had always stuck up for me when it came to my father.  The way she tells it, his father always gave his boys a hard time, and seeing as he did not learn anything from that, he did the same to me.

Well you know I love the idiot box, I replied in my sarcastic tone, seeming to get worse the older we got, and upsetting my mother at the same time.  She had asked me not to do that on more than one occasion, saying that one of us needed to be the bigger man.

Since youre saving up so much energy then, I want you to wash your moms car tomorrow before we get home, he said in a tone making sure I knew that he didnt like the sarcasm.

I said nothing as usual, turning to go to my room.

Did you hear me boy? he called after me.

Yes, I heard you, I said sharply.

You better watch that tone.  Wheres your sister?

The witch went to Amys.  She said not to expect her for dinner. I answered in a less sarcastic tone before closing my door so I wouldnt have to hear him anymore.

----------

Is Emily home?

Not yet Evan, Ill have her call you when she gets in, it should be about an hour, nine thirty at the latest, Mrs. Erickson answered.  By the way, have your mother give me a call.  I still havent spoken to her since you guys got back.

I will.  Bye Mrs. Erickson.

Goodbye Evan.

I sat in my room watching TV passing time until Emily called, thinking about how much our neighborhood sucked.  Everyone that I hung out with besides Emily and Mike lived at least a few miles away.  They all referred to where we lived as the boonies of course.  The city was growing, but would not reach our area for years down the road.  We were surrounded by a lot of farmers that were still producing and making money and they were apparently happy to turn down every developer that was willing to wave a huge check at them, not quite ready to give into the expansion of the city.

It was a few minutes before nine that Ashley came home, and for some reason made it a point to stick her head in my room.  What are you doing?  Ashley asked me with that smile she put on when she wanted you to believe she was being friendly.

What do you want Ashley? I said as I turned back to the TV letting her know that she was bothering me.

Cant a sister talk to her brother?  Why arent you hanging out with Emily or Mike? she asked, putting a little too much emphasis on their names.

Neither one of them have been home.  What do you care anyway? I said as I turned back to look at her just a little too late.

Huh, no reason, she said dragging it out as she turned heading to her bedroom.

My mind once again started churning.  Did she know something that I didnt?  I still believed that Emily would never cheat on me, at least with Mike, but something was definitely going on, then again it could just be that Ashley had figured out how she would get back at me and Emily.  Put that seed of doubt in my head and then watch my jealousy take over.  I knew she had never forgotten about that day with Buster, and would probably never get past it though she had acted like she had.

At nine twenty Emily finally called me.

Hi Evan, she said sounding a little detached.

Hey, you sound tired, what did you do today? I asked trying to get some sort of actual answer for once, or at least a clue.

Just running around shopping and then went and hung out with Jill.  We havent hung out in a long time, and she wanted to get together.  So, you want to meet me at the fort again? she asked trying to sound a little more upbeat.

Um, yeah OK, if you want.  I thought you and Jill hated each other? I asked, sounding a little more curious than I wanted to.

We didnt really hate each other Evan, we just had a fight and we both decided to forgive each other.

So you forgave her for trying to hook up with me?  Thats kind of hard to believe considering all the things you said to her.  I mean you called her a whore and a fucking slut right in front of everyone at school, I said in my sarcastic tone that is usually reserved for my dad.

Well she apologized, and I forgave her and we decided to be friends again.  You know Evan, people can forgive each other, she paused almost as if to see if I was going to argue with her.  Meet me at the fort in ten OK, she said, obviously changing the subject.

Yeah, OK.  Dont make me wait forever this time OK.

I wont, promise, she said hanging up the phone.

----------

On the way out the back door I finally remembered to tell my mom to call Mrs. Erickson.  She asked me when she had called since she had not heard the phone ring.  I told her that she had told me when I called for Emily and of course she did the typical parent thing of chiding me for forgetting when I made the mistake of mentioning when that had been.  I sometimes wonder how parents could expect any different, as far as it came to me, I forgot about everything.  Out the door I went and this time Emily was walking up to me at the fort not even a minute late.

I was sitting on the swing deck again with my legs hanging off.  This time she walked up between my legs, and instead of just dropping to the ground to blow me she put her arms around my neck and gave me our usual greeting when the parents were not around.

Emily kissed me long and hard for what had to be over a minute, like she had not seen me in a month.

Umm, I missed you today babe, she purred after our kiss, putting her forehead against mine.

I missed you too babe.  Can we hang out tomorrow or are you going to be busy again? I asked her trying to sound hurt by the fact that we had hardly spent any time together in the last couple of days.

No Im not busy, so yes lover, we can hang out.  Did you bring my birthday present? she asked me in an excited tone while she moved back without breaking her hold on my neck.

Shit, Im sorry Em, I forgot it again.  My minds been on other things, I responded with actual regret for forgetting, as I said I forget almost everything.  I can run home and get it now it will only take a sec.

Thats OK.  You can give it to me tomorrow, besides I bet I know what things your mind has been on, she said as she released her hold around my neck and used both hands to undo my shorts trying to get at my cock.  Just sit back and relax and Ill take care of you OK.

Youre really getting into doing that for me huh?  I asked unable to hide the excitement in my voice.

Yes, I love doing this for you, now shush and just relax, Emily said as she dropped to her knees in front of me and engulfed my dick for the third time in two days.  We might not have had sex yet, but I was really starting to like her mouth on me.

I leaned back on my elbows to watch my girlfriend work her magic.  Her mouth was so warm, so wet and inviting.  Emily had started off quick bobbing up and down my shaft as if too bring me off as quickly as possible.

Oh fuck Emily that is so awesome.  You do that so good.  Oh fuck, I grunted as my body gave a shiver as she pulled off and rolled her tongue around the tip before driving her mouth down onto my cock once again taking it almost all the way to the base.

She bobbed up and down increasing the suction on the out stroke, before stopping with just the head of my dick in her mouth and started to stroke the shaft quickly with her hand as she turned her gorgeous eyes up to look into mine.  We stared at each other as she rolled her dexterous tongue back and forth on the sensitive underside of the hood bringing me closer to my release with each stroke of her tongue.

Oh thats incredible Em, keep doing that.  Oh fuck yes keep doing that, I said louder not wanting it to ever end.  Yes babe, Im gonna cum, oh God youre making me cum, unngh, I almost yelled out as my load shot onto her warm waiting tongue.  One, ungh, two, ungh, three, ungh, four, ungh, five, uunngghh, I grunted as if I were counting off reps while doing the bench press.

Fuck me Em that was the best yet.  So awesome, I said in a hushed tone as I lay back letting my body stretch out on the deck of the fort, putting my arms across my forehead as Emily finished sucking my cock clean of my cum and her saliva.

Do you feel better babe? she purred at me.

I feel terrific Em, thank you. I replied as I relaxed.  Emily put my dick back in my underwear and buttoned and zipped my shorts up, then laid her head in my lap and ran her hands under my shirt relaxing with me.  Do you want me to do anything for you?  I could return the favor if you want. I said sitting back up to my elbows.

No, its OK.  I just like doing that for you.  Im not doing it so youll feel obligated to return the favor.  I just really like doing this for you OK.

Alright, I just wanted you to know that I would do the same for you if you want.  You just have to ask. I said as she stood up and pulled me to my feet.

Walk me home?

Of course.

We didnt say anything on the way to her house.  We just walked together slowly hand in hand, and it felt like everything was back to normal.  She stopped us just short of her yard and hugged me tight before kissing me on the cheek.

Ill call you tomorrow when I wake up OK, she said as she looked into my eyes.

Sounds good, love you.

Love you too, goodnight.

Once in the house as I was walking down the hallway to my bedroom, Ashley stuck her head out of her room.  Where were you at?

Just out running around, not that its any of your business, I answered her in a snide tone.  Ashley just stared at me for a moment without saying anything.  What? I asked sharply.

She said nothing.  Ashley just gave a slight smile before turning back and closing her door.  She is really starting to piss me off, I said just above a whisper.
To be continued
