Emily's Adventures - XVII  (ff, scat, exhib)

Disclaimer:  this is a work of fiction.

Emily relates her recent adventures to the girls, and surprises Sara with a gift of her own.

----------------------

Emily ate pizza and related the story of how, because there was no toilet paper, she had gone to the next stall to clean up.  She told the eager audience that while she was doing that, a woman came into the bathroom and occupied the stall where her clothes were, and how she had used Emily's jeans to wipe.  She related all of the events to the girls, save for the surprise she had wrapped in her jeans.  
	"Sounds like you had quite the adventure!" Sara chimed in as Emily finished her tale.  "What fun!"
	"Fun?  Oh you think that sounded fun, huh? It wasn't fun, it was terrifying!"
	"Really?"
	"I was naked in the public bathroom, not knowing if or when I would be able to get my clothes!  All because you didn't leave me any toilet paper!"
	"I'm sorry." Sara said apologetically.  She was honestly feeling bad.  "It won't happen again."
	"Like hell it won't!  I don't know how, or when, but I will get revenge."
	"Was it really all that bad?"
	"I was scared.  But to be honest, it was really exciting."  A large grin spread across Emily's face as Sara realized that she was just kidding about being upset.  "I mean, it was so thrilling to almost get caught!  I didn't realize it at the time, but when I was naked in the stall next to the handicap stall, without my clothes, listening to see if anyone else was in the bathroom, I was getting really wet.  I had already cum a couple of times thanks to Sara's present," Emily leaned over and kissed her girlfriend on the cheek and mouthed the words 'thank you', "but fear of getting caught made me ready to cum again!"
	"So what did you do with all the poo?" Little Megan asked timidly.
	"I didn't turn the water back on if that's what you mean.  I just left most of it there."
	"Most of it?" Sara asked with a grin.
	"Most of it." Emily confirmed as she felt Sara's warm hand caress her inner thigh.  Her little fingers slid along the pale flesh of Emily's upper thigh until they glanced against the hot flesh of Emily's pussy.  Emily spread her legs just wide enough that Sara could have her way, but not wide enough as to draw too much attention to herself.  After circling the opening a few times with her finger, Sara plunged it inside and squeeked with delight as her finger pushed into a wall of now warm poo that was filling her girlfriend's cunt.  Sara teased Emily's clit a little before pulling out her finger which she held up for all to see.  It was streaked with brown, and there was a little clump of shit on the tip, caught by her fingernail.  The sight of it caused both Megan and Anna to blush and to giggle.  Their giggling was silenced however when Emily threw her head forward and enclosed Sara's finger in her mouth.  She slowly pulled her head back, her lips tight against the flesh of Sara's finger.  When Sara's finger popped out of Emily's mouth it was completely clean.  Watching her girlfriend eat her shit off of her finger was too much, and Sara kissed Emily passionatly, their tongues mashing together between their gloss covered lips.
	"I brought you a present."  Emily whispered when their lips finally parted.  "Take off your panties."  Sara didn't hesitate.  She was wearing a tight blue t-shirt with a flowery skirt that came down mid thigh.  She reached under and pulled down her purple lace panties.  She handed them to Emily, who put them on herself, all of this happening under the table.  Emily reached over and grabbed the small roll of her still dampish jeans.  She unrolled it on the booth, between herself and Sara, revealing the two solid logs inside.  Sara's eyes widened as she spread her legs instinctively.  Emily Grabbed the larger of the two turds, and rubbed the tip of it against the opening to Sara's smooth vagina.  She had already been getting wet, and this was pushing her over the edge.  As Emily started to slide the turd into her lover, there was little to no resistence.  She kept pushing, slowly, until the tip of her finger disapeared into Sara's pussy and the turd rammed up against her cervix.  She pulled her finger out and grabbed the second turd.  
	"I don't think that is going to fit!" Sara said, somewhat worriedly.  
	"Don't worry." Emily reassured her and, using both hands, broke the shit in half.  In each hand she now held a lump of poo, which she worked and mashed in her hands until it was a soft consistancy.  She looked behind her, to see if anyone in the pizza place was watching, and then shoved her hands up and under Sara's shirt, slipping them into her bra and depositing the poo into the cups.  She pulled her hands out and, after wiping them off on the napkin, proceded to mold Sara's new breasts into a more natural shape from the outside.  Soon it just appeared as though Sara had slightly larger breasts than usual.  There was no reaction in the restaurant, their antics having gone unnoticed.
	"That's hot!" Anna said quietly, voicing what they were all thinking.
	"Thank you baby," Sara said as she pulled Emily in for a kiss, "I love having your shit inside me."  Emily grinned mischeviously.
	"That's not my shit." She finally admitted.
	"What?" cried Sara.
	"That shit belongs to the woman in the high heels who wiped herself on my jeans!"  Sara's face went from pleasure, to horror, and slowly back to pleasure.  Somehow the idea of having a complete stranger's shit inside of her was incredibly erotic.  
	"Oh wow.  I know i should be grossed out, but . . . it is turning  me one!" Sara exclaimed to the shocked younger girls and her bemused girlfriend.  
	"Why don't you get up, see how it does when you move around.  Go get me another napkin."  Emily slid out and let Sara get out of the booth.  The three girls watched as Sara walked over to the counter with the supply of napkins, on the otherside of the restaurant.  She held her chest out proudly, happy with its new size.  She sauntered along, moving each foot all the way in front of the other, reveling in the feeling of the shit sliding around inside of her, molding itself to the shape of her vagina.  By the time she got back to the table she was flushed.  After she sat back down, Emily spent a minute with her hand between Sara's legs, and soon Sara was covering her face with her purse so that none of the other guests would hear her moan in ecstasy as she came, covering the stranger's poo in her juices, making it her own.