Alex’s Own Personal Experiment
Triple V

It has been a week since having fun exposing Lilly at the park, coming home to find Claire naked, and being departed from my own clothes once again. Something’s been bothering me, and no it wasn’t the being stripped naked part. Don’t get me wrong that was still extremely embarrassing, like always. What was bothering was the fact that I didn’t get to see the Get Naked Bikini dissolving bikini in action. I know I won’t be able to get Claire with it again for at least a month or two. She’s been very cautious about what bikinis she wears now. Lilly is always an option, but she would never notice the bikini falling off. Which normally would be just fine, but in this case it wouldn’t be as entertaining if I had to point out that she was naked. So I decided that I would wear it myself.

Ok here’s my plan. I’ll sneak out between 1:00 and 2:00am wearing nothing but the Get Naked Bikini. I’ll make my way to Kate’s house on the other side of the neighborhood and swim in her pool. When the bikini dissolves I’ll carefully make my way back home naked, hopefully without being seen. Oh, and just so you know, I’m not bringing a towel either.

I know what you’re thinking. Why would I want to go all the way on the other side of the neighborhood to test it especially without a towel to cover myself afterwards? Why not just use my pool that would provide at least a little bit of cover? Here’s the thing, I’ve never gone skinny dipping. I mean sure Claire occasionally takes either my top or bottoms, but I never stay in the water long enough to enjoy it. I also have never gone streaking. I really enjoy being naked…in the privacy of my room…with no one around. Being in a neighbor’s pool wearing only a dissolving bikini and no towel will give me no choice, but to run back home bare-ass naked. I’ll be killing two birds with one stone. It’s flawless.

Its 1:14am right now, so I guess I better get started. I’m already naked so that’s one step out of the way. I open my closet and grab one of the many boxes of the Get Naked Bikini. I bought them in bulk. I ripped the box open and slipped the bikini on. I look at myself in the mirror. Wow, I look hot. Too bad it’s not going to be on for long. I open the window step outside. I quickly make my way to Kate’s. Just think if someone’s watching me right now they’re seeing a hot chick in a bikini, but soon they’ll be seeing the same chick running back naked. I really hope no one sees me.

After about ten minutes or so I arrive at Kate’s back gate…that sounded kind of perverted. I climb over the fence without too much difficulty. I better get in before I lose my nerve. I take a running start and dive straight in. I swim underwater for about twenty seconds before going back up to the surface. Well I’m in the water so there’s no stopping this now. It’s so dark out here I can barely see. I can’t even tell if I still have my bikini. I’ll check in a few minutes because I just want to enjoy myself.

I swim back and forth until I decide it’s time to check my progress. I move my hands to my breast and...feel nothing but bare skin. Ok that means I’m topless, now let’s check on the lower-half. I slid my hands down and sure enough more bare skin. Yes, it worked! Do you know what this means? It means I am now officially skinny dipping! This is great! You know what? I’m going to stay and swim for a little longer.

After another forty minutes I decide that I’m probably starting to push my luck and should head home. I climb out of the pool and…Whoa! It’s chilly out here! No worries, I’m sure it’ll warm up soon. I better get moving. I try to climb back over the fence, but for some reason it seems to be harder than before. I finally get to the top…OW! I loss my grip and fall down. I hit the ground with a hard thud. Ouch! That frickin’ hurt. Right before I was about to jump down I felt a little prick that caught me off guard…I got a frickin’ splinter in my ass. I get up and check myself for any serious injures. I’m ok except for the splinter. I reach around and carefully pull it out. Now that’s over with I need to get going.

I body feels kind of sore from the fall, but I should be just fine. As I dash through the neighborhood I duck behind trees and shrubs for cover. That’s very difficult considering it’s a clear night with a full moon. I’m now running across Sun’s lawn when I hear something. It sounds like hissing…All of a sudden Sun’s sprinkler system goes off. I scream as the ice cold water hits my naked body. Well this is just fan-frickin’-tastic. I just got done getting dry and now I’m dripping wet again. I can’t wait to get back in my nice warm bed.

Finally, I make it back to my house and up to my bedroom window…which refuses to open. It’s stuck…It’s frickin’ stuck! No matter how hard I pull it still refuses to move. Figures this sort of thing would happen to me. Me and my frickin’ curiosity. I need to see if there’s another way in. I climb over to Claire’s window to see if it’s unlocked…nope. I’ll have to try Lilly’s window.

After a few minutes I reach her window…score! It’s unlocked. Oh thank you Lilly and your absent-mindedness! I quietly open the window and gently step inside. Lilly has kicked off the covers which gives me a lovely view. Man, she has a hot body. Since I was so busy checking out Lilly I failed to notice a shirt laying on the floor. I trip and land on top of Lilly’s naked body. Now that’s what I call a soft landing. She starts to wake up, and groggily asks what is going on. Thinking fast I say literally the first time that came to me “This is a dream. This is only a dream. Go back to sleep.” This is dream? On come on, Alex! Surely you could have thought of something better than that. I mean, seriously, that sort of thing only works in movies. There is absolutely positively no way that Lilly will fall for it……and surprisingly she mumbles ok and drifts back to sleep…Wow, I can’t believe she fell for it. Before I get up I give Lilly’s breasts a playful squeeze. Hehe, I love doing that.

I tip-toe back to my room and close the door. Well that was fun…except for getting a splinter in my ass, falling off a fence, getting sprayed with cold water, getting lock out of my room, and tripping and falling on a naked Lilly…actually I liked that last part. Besides all the other stuff tonight was awesome, and I can’t wait to do it again real soon.


Well, that’s the story. I hope you enjoyed it.

Check out my next story which will be more about Claire and it will also be featuring more of their next door neighbor Sun in: Claire’s Fun with Sun
