Really Me
byburlingtonsue©

First of all I want to thank everyone for all the comments on Literotica and my e-mails I truly appreciate your opinions. Many of you have suggested that I spend more time describing my physical attributes, with that in mind I decided write this story as a true biography of my resent experiences and discoveries. The other stories were very exciting and a lot of fun to write I hope this one comes across that way too.

Let's start with my description of myself, I am no longer a teenager but still feel like one, I have a little longer than shoulder length dark brown hair and brown eyes. My measurements are about 36-24-35 and I weigh about one hundred and twenty five pounds. My breasts are a little large but very firm. I have been happily married to my husband Jim for over ten years. Now with all that out of the way let's get to the story.

Ever since I started writing these stories I have felt some changes in my way of thinking it seems like my exhibitionist tendencies are awakening a little more each day. Most days if I am not going out anywhere, it is common for me to spend most of the day in only my underwear or frequently nothing at all but unlike my stories I have not found the nerve to venture out in the yard, probably because my back yard is not as secluded as the one in my stories. I have been quite busy on my sewing machine raising the hems of most of my skirts and dresses, I love going out with a short skirt on one of my favorite things to wear is one of my short, loose fitting sun dresses. I really enjoy it when men stop to watch me walk by. 

Last week Jim had some of his friends over to watch the baseball game. I am not interested in baseball so I was reading a book while relaxing in the reclining chair. Whenever I looked up from my book I noticed Dave was always looking over in my direction, at first I never caught on but soon realized that while getting comfortable my skirt had slid up a little offering Dave a good view of my panties. My first impulse was to pull down my skirt but instead naughty Sue took over and I just pretended to not notice. I continued to reading my book but really was watching Dave staring at my crotch. Sometimes he would see me glancing up and look away other times he wouldn't even notice that I was watching him while he stared at my crotch. Every now and then I would shift my position to give him a better view I was getting so hot watching him watch me. 

Jim asked if I would mind getting another round of beers for them, it was my pleasure because this gave me the opportunity to flash Dave a little better. I placed my book on the table and shifted forward in my chair to stand up, as I did this my skirt shifted even higher and I parted my legs slightly allowing him to view much more than my husband's friend should ever see. I could feel Dave's eyes undressing me as I walked into the kitchen, I can't tell you how much I would have loved to strip out of my clothes at that moment and let them all see me naked.

I served the men their drinks and gave Dave a naughty smile as I handed him his, I'm really not sure if he knew exactly what was going on or not. As I sat back down I made sure that my skirt was high enough to show him much more than he should be seeing. Throughout the evening I found many excuses to get up each time making sure that Dave got a real eye full. One instance was to go to the washroom I gave my ass a little extra wiggle as I walked down the hallway. I was amazed at how wet my panties were from exposing myself to Dave all evening.

After the game was over the men started to leave, Dave was the last to depart. Jim and I quickly went to bed and had great sex. Afterwards he asked what had gotten me so turned on, all I could do was snicker. Jim kept pressing me as to what had got me so horny. Finally I admitted to him about how I had been flashing Dave all night. I was quite relieved to discover that he was able to see the humor in it and was not angry. We discussed the events of the evening and had sex again. Afterwards Jim suggested that I should have removed my panties. I replied that I didn't think so and he asked if I was a chicken. I have never been one to back down from a dare so I told him to arrange another ball game get together.

The following week the guys were all back for another game this time there were a few more eight in total counting Jim. Before they arrived I had a shower, shaved my legs and more and had a few stiff drinks. When I entered the room the guys all took a look, I was wearing a short, flowered summer dress, it was short enough to show a lot of thigh and what they didn't know was that it was the only piece of clothing that I was wearing. I greeted our guests and got them all a drink then sort of puttered around in the kitchen trying to build up my nerve. I noticed that Dave hurried to get the same chair as last week.

After a few sips of my drink I was ready to have some fun. I walked into the living room and bent over slightly from the waist as I placed my glass on the table, enough to show all of them lots of upper thigh but that was all for now. I positioned myself in my chair in a direction which offered Dave a clear view of my pussy my dress was so short that it didn't offer any coverage at all.

Dave's eyes almost popped out as he saw my freshly shaven cunt looking back at him from across the room. I made a point to get up frequently showing my bare pussy to my husband's friend. I think that the other guys could tell that something was going on but were not in position to get a full show. Occasionally when I got up I would find an excuse to bend over and give them a little flash of some ass cheeks. During one trip to the kitchen Jim followed me and asked if I was having fun but he already knew the answer. He said that it was too bad that the other guys were missing out but was sure that Dave was having a good time.

I guess it was his tone of voice but I took it as another dare. I walked around for a few minutes building up my courage then walked into the kitchen out of sight of the men. My dress had a zipper down the back and a button on the top which I silently undid. With a tray of beers I entered the room as I placed the tray on the table the guys were sitting around. I glanced toward Jim and he gave me an approving smile and no of the head so I gave my shoulders a little shrug allowing the dress to fall down to my arms exposing my breasts to all of the men as I stepped back the dress fell to the floor revealing my totally naked body to my husband and his friends.

The men all sat there with their mouths hanging open taking in the view of my nakedness. Jim was quick to mention that they were welcome to look but no touching. I had never been naked in front of so many men at the same time, I think it might have been easier if they were strangers but these were all old friends a couple who had even hit on me when they had too much to drink and here I was standing in front of them as bare as they had wanted to get me.

Needless to say no one was watching the ball game anymore I spent a few minutes wandering around the table giving each of the guys a close up all of my naked charms. The men were excellent they all resisted the urge to touch me instead just feasted on my nakedness.

I returned to the couch and laid down posing for my audience some of the guys started taking pictures with their cellphones I made them promise that they wouldn't end up on the internet. I was so horny that I would have gladly let them take turns with me but fortunately Jim had control over that. I felt like I could feel their breath on my naked flesh as they moved in for close up pictures and wished that it could have been their hands on me. 

Obviously no one was in a hurry to leave this night but Jim managed to get the last one out by a little after two. With everyone gone we headed to bed and fucked until sun rise. 

In the morning I was very nervous that maybe I had gone too far but Jim was thrilled with the events of the previous night and asked what is next. So far we haven't done it again, yet, but on my own my trips to the mall or grocery store have become much more interesting lately but I'll tell you about that later.

I hope you enjoy this entry, please remember that I was limited because of the fact that it is true.

Luv, Sue.


Really Me Again

I would like to thank everyone for their feedback on my last story "Really Me" your encouragement was awesome. I think I made a slight typo in my previous story when I was attempting to describe myself, I stated that my measurements were 36-34-35, it should have read 36-24-35. This series of stories is more of an autobiography than a group of stories I am attempting to explain my transition from an everyday housewife to a daring exhibitionist. In my first work I recanted the evening when I surprised my husband's poker friends by prancing around them totally naked for most of the evening, it was great. 

One day recently I was having lunch with my sister Sarah, she is two years older than me and married to Brian. Sarah is quite similar in appearance to me except that she has shorter light brown hair and mine is longer and dark brown. As our conversation progressed I told her about the poker night, I thought she was going to fall off of her chair when she heard that I was naked in front of my husband's friends and she showed increased interest when I relayed how great the sex was that night with my husband. Throughout the rest of our meal she kept coming back to the poker night I could tell that she was trying to ask me something. When our lunch was over and we were in the parking lot she asked if I would consider undressing for her and her husband. I must admit that these days it's pretty easy to talk me out of my clothes. My husband was going to be away on a fishing trip this weekend and I suggested that they come over for dinner on Saturday. She agreed and we headed home.

As Saturday approached I could feel the excitement building within me. I had mentioned my plans to my husband and he said that he wished he could be here but not bad enough to give up his fishing trip but he told me to have fun and give Brian a good show. 

I was trying to decide whether to just be casual or should I dress up for them, I was considering the naughty school girl look, I know Brian would like that, he has always had what I refer to as "a little sister fetish", you know picturing me as the younger forbidden version of his wife.

Saturday morning I decided to go to the mall to see if there was an outfit that would drive Brian crazy. After showering and shaving all the necessary areas I went to the bedroom to see what to wear to the mall, in the back of the closet I found a light summer dress, i had forgotten all about this one. Since it was a warm summer day I decided that it would be perfect and slipped it over my head. It was loose fitting and slid down over my body with no effort at all. As it began to cover me I couldn't help but to admire the trimming job that I had done on my pubic hair, poker night I had been shaved clean but since the I grew a well trimmed "V" shaped design. I checked it out in the mirror and decided that it would be perfect if the hem was a little higher. After stitching up the hem I returned to the mirror, this was much better, maybe a little shorter than I had planned but it looked good. Standing straight it showed a little more than half of my thighs and bending over it showed much more. 

It was a beautiful summer day with a light warm breeze which I could feel blowing up my dress, I'm sure that the fact that I was not wearing and underwear helped. As I sat in my car I gave the dress a final inspection, the neckline was a little low and very loose so any forward leaning would easily expose my bare breasts and the hem was just covering my well trimmed pussy as I sat there. With very little movement it would slide up enough to expose me to any onlookers. I was ready for the mall.

I pulled into the first available parking spot, just as I was about to open my door I realized that there were two young guys sitting in the car beside me, glancing down I saw that there was no way for me to get out of my little Focus without showing m y bare pussy to at least the guy in the passenger's seat. With a deep breath I reached for the door handle, opened the door, swung out my legs and slid off the seat. My dress was high enough to give both men a clear view of my nudity. I casually stood up lowered my dress and closed the door, giving my new fans a little smile as I walked past them. Could sense their eyes on me as I walked to the mall entrance, I loved it.

The mall was busy as usual for a Saturday afternoon with people hustling around doing their shopping and others just relaxing enjoying their afternoon out with a coffee or meal at the food court. I casually strolled around for a while receiving approving looks from many of the men and mixed ones from the women. It seemed that some of them wished that they had the nerve to dress like me while others just considered me to be slutty. There were three older men sitting on a bench that were really enjoying the view every time I walked past them. I noticed that the jewellery store was having a big sale and decided to take a look.

The store was open to the mall so you didn't actually have to enter, there was a young good looking salesman working today so I decided to have a little fun with him. I asked to see some bracelets and he obliged by taking out a tray and placing them on the counter. My dress had only two thin straps over my shoulder s so as I leaned forward to see the bracelets it hung quite loosely offering the salesman a clear view almost to my belly button. He asked if I saw anything that I liked and I chuckled to myself, I should be asking him that question. It was obvious from his nervousness that he was enjoying the view. I asked him to try on bracelet after bracelet leaning forward a little more each time by the time we got to the third bracelet he had a clear view of both of my tits, even my hard aroused nipples, I was getting so hot standing there exposed to this young stranger.

After a few minutes of flashing my tits I stood up straight and thanked the salesman for his Time, he in turn thanked me, as I turned to leave I remembered the other reason that I love this dress because unknown to me while I was showing the salesman my breasts every time I bent over the back of my dress was going higher and higher exposing my bare bottom to the three older men on the bench and I guess anyone else who walked by. The men got up as I left and began following me, hoping for another show. They were close enough that I could hear them whispering but not able to make out what they were saying. This continued until I entered the lingerie shop, they stopped and took their place on the bench outside. I purchased some new sexy panties and bra for when my husband Jim returns from his fishing trip. Just as I was leaving the store I got a text message, it was Sarah, they were on their way to my house. I would have to hurry to beat them home. As I exited the store I walked up the the three men and explained that it had been fun but I had to leave now, glancing over my shoulder I could see them admiring my ass as I walked away so added a little exaggerated wiggle to my walk just for their benefit. 

I arrived home just seconds before Sarah and Brian pulled into the driveway. I welcomed them with a warm sisterly hug, Brian's hugs never felt sisterly he would always pull me tight against him with his hand exploring my back to see if I was wearing a bra. Like I said he always had that little sister fetish. Brian sat down in the living room while Sarah and I went into the kitchen to chill the wine. This gave me the opportunity to ask Sarah if Brian knew what was about to happen. She explained that Brian didn't have a clue she thought that the surprise would be better. We returned to join Brian in the living room, Sarah and myself each sitting at opposite ends of the chesterfield while Brian sat in the chair facing us. 

Our conversation was pretty much typical, what was new etc. I noticed that Brian's eyes were constantly glancing over to get a peek at my legs which were well displayed thanks to my short skirt, I was very careful to keep my legs tightly together so that he didn't get a sneak peek but he sure was trying. Eventually Sarah brought up the subject of poker night I thought that Brian was going to fall out of his chair as he heard that I had been prancing around the house naked in from of all of Jim's friends. This was the signal that Sarah and I had arranged, it was show time. 

I asked if everyone was ready for a glass of wine and started to walk towards the kitchen with an exaggerated sway to my walk. I slid the shoulder straps off of my shoulders and glancing back at Sarah I gave her a sly smile as my little dress easily slid off of my body dropping in a pile on the floor. I never even missed a pace as I stepped out of it still walking towards the kitchen now totally naked. I never looked over at Brian but I could just imagine the look on his face. 

My heart was pounding as I prepared to return with the three glasses of wine. As I stepped from the kitchen Brian's eyes bulged at the first sight of my naked body he had sneaked a few panty shots and cleavage but this was the first time that he had actually seen me naked. I casually walked over and handed him a glass of wine smiling at his red face as he looked into my eyes. I turned and handed Sarah a glass as well deliberately bending slightly a give him a better bum shot. I sat down crossing my legs as I did. 

We sat there for quite a while chatting and drinking our wine most of the conversation was about my exhibitionism. Sarah and I were doing most of the talking poor Brian seemed to be having trouble concentrating. I explained how I allowed any looking but touching was a taboo. I played the perfect hostess and filled the wine glasses and provided snacks.

After a while Brian seemed to become much more comfortable with the situation and joined in the conversation he was very interested in how I started this and what it felt like, he even asked Sarah if she was going to join in but she declined explaining that this was my thing not hers. After a few glasses of wine he asked if he would be allowed to take a few pictures. I looked at Sarah and she nodded her agreement. I insisted that they must be for his pleasure only and never show them to anyone else. He agreed and began snapping pictures with his cell phone camera.

I could feel myself getting hotter and hotter as he snapped picture after picture, he had me pose standing, sitting, legs crossed then slightly spread lying on the couch front and rear views. When he was finished he said that I had mentioned that any looking was allowed. I gave him a puzzled look, not sure where he was going with this. He said that he would like to have a close up look at my pussy. We both looked at Sarah to get her reaction she paused for a second then smiled. Brian got up and walked over to the couch I reminded him that he was not allowed to touch. He nodded as he kneeled on the floor in front of me. I could feel the air as it hit my wet cunt when i spread my legs and slid my bum over the edge of the couch Brian's face was only inches from my hot soaking wet cunt as he leered at my outer lips. Without noticing what I was doing my left hand had worked its way up to my breast and was circling my erect nipple. Sarah commented that there wasn't supposed to be any touching as she giggled. I explained that that only applied to Brian. She then commented that I have two hands I gave her a puzzled look so she said that she was pretty sure that Brian would love to take a picture of my swollen clit. I was shocked by her suggestion but was so horny that it didn't take any convincing. I stared directly into my sisters eyes as my hand slowly moved across my abdomen and down to the top of my leg. Her eyes never left mine until my hand made its way between my already spread legs. After she looked away I moved my stare to Brian's eyes which were firmly fixed directly on my cunt. 

Brian's mouth dropped open as my fingers gently spread my lips then one disappeared deep inside my sopping wet cunt, I moaned with pleasure as it plunged in and out and back in deeper each time. Brian comment on how good I smelt. Looking back at Sarah I removed my soaking wet finger and placed it against Brian's lips, his tongue quickly darted out to lick it but instead I thrust it in between his open lips, he began sucking my juices from my finger. Sarah was shocked by this but approved.

When Brian was finished enjoying his free sample I went back to working on myself I was reluctant to touch my clit right away because I knew that it would mean an instant orgasm and as much as I wanted to prolong the experience the urge was just too much. My passion was so high that I wanted to grab Brian's head and thrust his face against my wet cunt but I knew that I must resist that urge. As I gently massaged my erect clit I could feel it building within me until there was no holding back I erupted into a magnificent orgasm right in from of my brother in-law's face with my sister looking on. Brian kneeled there wide eyed as I brought myself to a climax inches from his face, enjoying the very and scent of my most private deed that I was performing for him. 

As my passion began to ebb I slowly slid back onto the couch and Brian took the sign and returned to his chair, funny but this was the first time that I actually noticed the swelled protrusion in the front of his pants obviously he had enjoyed the show. Sarah had been sitting there quietly for the most of my performance but gave me a wink and a smile to show her approval.

We sat around for a couple of hours afterwards, me still naked, talking entirely about my new obsession until Sarah said, with a sly smile on her face, that it was time for them to head home, obviously she had plans for Brian's protrusion. I walked them to the door, stepping out onto the porch, still totally naked. The evening breeze felt good on my still slightly sweaty body. As I gave Sarah a hug goodbye she whispered a quite thank you in my ear, Brian's hug as usual was long and tight with his hand sliding down dangerously close to my ass. 

As they drove off I turned and walked into the house quite satisfied that I had succumb to my fetish and provided a good show for Sarah and Brian, one I am sure that they will not forget soon.


