I AM a Boy. Well ….
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts. They will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable. 

Part 03

The next morning just after mum and dad had gone to work and my big brother had gone to meet his mates, Luke and then Henry arrived.

“So how did it go last night? You can’t be banned from seeing me?”

“Naw,” Henry said, “I’m not sure that they believed me but they said that it was okay and that it must have been difficult for you. I think that you should come round this evening and convince them.”

“What do you want me to do, strip off in front of them? If that’s what it will take I’ll do it, you know that I will.”

“That would be fun. I can just imaging dad’s face.”

“How about you Luke? How did your announcement go?”

“Okay I suppose. Apart from Chloe, she said that you must be a perverted little boy who wants to wear girl’s clothes.”

“Is she at home right now?” I asked.

“Yeah, mum and dad are at work but one of her mates might have come round.”

“Let’s go guys, we’ve got a mission.”


Luke and Henry followed me as we walked up the street to Luke’s house.

“CHLOE,” Luke shouted, are you at home? I need you right now, and you’ll want to see this.”

One minute later Chloe and one of her mates came down the stairs.

“SO what’s so urgent Luke? I see that you’ve brought you pervert mate along with you.”  

“I’m not a pervert, I’m a girl. It’s just that as I grew up I wanted to be a boy but I’ve changed my mind.” I said before Luke could answer his sister.

While I was doing that I was unbuttoning the front of my dress. It didn’t take long, about the time that it took to say what I said. I pulled my dress open and pushed it back off my shoulders. It fell to the floor leaving me naked apart from my shoes.

“Look Chloe.” I said as I spread my legs, nothing hanging down there, I AM a girl.”

“Fucking hell, so you are Sam.”

“Blood hell, would you look at that.” Her mate said.

“So do you believe me now.” Luke said as I just stood there, legs still spread.

“Err yeah, I guess that I have no choice. But you’re still a pervert for dressing like a boy all those years.”
  
With that Chloe turned and walked back upstairs, mate following.

“You’d better not get that stupid when you get to her age Sam.” Luke said.

“Naw, she’s just a stupid girl and I’m a b… oops; well I still think like a boy.”

“Right guys, what are we going to do now that we’ve got that sorted out.”

“Dunno.”

“Since it’s a nice day we could go for a walk in the woods.” I said, “Go to that grassy area again.”

“You mean somewhere where we can get you naked Sam, and play with your pussy and make you cum.” Luke said.

“Well yeah,” I replied. “You guys want to don’t you? You like making me cum, and I could suck your cocks until you cum.”

“Hell yeah, come on, let’s go.”

“You’d better put your dress back on Sam.” Henry said, “I don’t think that you could get away with going there naked.”

“That’s a pity, I just fancy going down the street like this.”

“Ha!”

I was still fastening the buttons on my dress as I caught up to Luke and Henry.

“May as well leave these last few.” I said, you’re only going to undo them again in a few minutes.”

As soon as we got off the road and onto the path through the woods Luke and Henry were undoing the buttons.

“Hey guys, can’t you wait a few minutes? Anyone would think that you wanted me to walk through the woods naked. Do you want that?”

I didn’t get an answer but they did take my dress off and Henry ran off with it.

“It’s okay Henry, you don’t have to run away, I’ll walk naked if you want me to.”

Henry stood and waited for us to catch up, then he said,

“What does it feel like to be naked outside Sam?”

“Nice, you should try it Henry.”

“Maybe another day.”

“Yeah, I wouldn’t have tried it a few weeks ago either, but now that I’m a girl everything is different.”

“That’s weird.”

“Yeah, but that’s the way it is, I can’t explain it either.”


We found the grassy bit and I lay down and let Luke play with my pussy while Henry knelt over my shoulders and played with my tits while pushing his cock into my mouth.

It didn’t take long for Henry and me to cum then my 2 mates swapped ends. After Luke shot his load into my mouth, and I’d swallowed it, and I’d cum again. Henry said,

“Can I lick your pussy Sam?”

“You don’t have to ask Henry, you can lick it any time that you want, but please, make me cum when you do it.”

“Sure Sam.”

He did, and I did. Then Luke did, and I did.


Afterwards, we all just lay there on the grass looking up at the sky.

After a while Luke said,

“So what are all those bits that you’ve got down there called Sam?”

“Funny that you should ask that Luke, I was wondering the same thing myself yesterday. They didn’t cover that in sex-ed did they? Maybe they did in the girls lesson. I went on the internet last night and googled it. Do you know that there’s lots of pictures on the internet of girl’s pussies?”

“It’s called porn Sam. You’ve watched it haven’t you?”

“Yeah, of course, but I mean educational pictures with names of bits of the body on them.”

“Isn’t porn educational?” Henry asked. “I know that I learnt a lot.”

“Me too.” Luke added.

“Yeah I did too.” I added. “But I wanted to know the proper names. Don’t you?”

“I guess.” Luke said.

“So come on guys, get between my legs and I’ll show you.” I said as I spread my legs even wider and got up on one elbow.”

I then gave Henry and Luke an anatomy lesson and a demo of how a girl can make herself cum. I guess that it was to be expected that they both get hard-on and I asked them if I could take care of them.

It was a silly question really, and I swapped from wanking one of them and sucking the other until I was given 2 mid morning snacks.


“Don’t put your dress back on until we get to the road Sam.” Luke said as we got up and started to head home.

“I wasn’t planning on putting it on, I was just straightening it.”

“Not turning into a tidy freak as well are you Sam?” Henry asked.

“Hey, don’t you think that I’ve changed enough in the last few days?”

“You’ve changed enough for me. I like the new Sam.” Luke said.

“You mean that you like being able to get your hands on a girl’s body.”

“Well yes, I like that, obviously,” Luke continued, “but you seem to be a bit more friendly as well. And boy, do you look good.”

“Yeah, I’m starting to like the way I look as well. I’ve noticed that people are looking at me more and they smile at me.”

“That’s those belts that you wear as skirts Sam.” Henry said.

“Yeah, men like looking at pussies don’t they? And now that I’ve sort of rediscovered mine I like men looking at it.”


Just then we arrived back at the road and I started to put my dress on. We kept walking and one car tooted it’s horn at us, probably because my dress wasn’t properly fastened at that time.


“So when can we start fucking you Sam?”

“Well, the box that they came in says that you have to take them for a week before you you start fucking, so I guess another 5 or 6 days. Can you wait that long? I don’t know if I can.”

“I suppose we could start fucking you with a cucumber or something like that. I’ve heard jokes about girls and cucumbers. I didn’t really understand them until now.”

“Have either of you got any money on you? We could call in at the supermarket on the way home.” I asked.

“Nope, not me.” Luke said.

“Me neither.” Henry added.
 
“I’ve got some money at home. I’ll go after I get home and we can do it tomorrow.” 

“Can’t wait.” Luke said.

When we got back to Luke’s house there was a bike leaning against the fence.

“That’s Chloe’s boyfriends bike. I wonder if they’re screwing.” Luke said.

“Can we sneak in quietly and then spy on them?” I asked.

“Yeah, good idea Sam; stay here for a minute I’ll see if I can find out which room they are in.”

Luke went of and peeked into each window at the front and sides of the house. He started to round the back but suddenly stopped in his tracks then started walking backwards.

“Chloe and her boyfriend are on the back lawn. I thing that her mate must have gone home.”

“Are they fucking?” Henry asked.

“No, but they were kissing.”

“Good.” I said. “That might be the start of a fucking session. Can we sneak in and watch them from the back windows. Is your camera and phone charged up?”

“Yeah, good idea Sam; and we could use the videos and pictures to blackmail her.”

“Let’s think about that if they start fucking and we manage to get some videos.” I replied.


Luke quietly opened the front door and we quietly went up to Luke’s room. In there Luke searched for his camera and phone while Henry and I looked out of the window. They were still kissing but Chloe’s top was off and I could see her tits.

They’re much bigger than mine and I decided that I didn’t want mine to grow that big. I like them as they are.

“I’ve got my old phone as well.” Luke whispered, “so we can all try to get some good pictures.”

As he handed them out I whispered,

“Try to get her face in the shots, then she can’t deny that it’s her.”

“You always were a bit sneaky Sam,” Henry whispered, “I’m glad that that hasn’t changed.”


Henry stayed in Luke’s room. Luke went to the bathroom where the window overlooked the back garden and was already open, and I snook downstairs to the dining room where the patio doors were open.

“Shit.” I thought, “I’m going to have to be really quiet.”


Chloe and her boyfriend were really engrossed in what they were doing and I got a great video of her standing up and taking her skirt and thong off. Her boyfriend lifted his hand and pushed a finger into her hole before she took his jeans and underpants off. His hard cock springing out and up in the air.

Again, I thought about how it is bigger than Luke’s and Henry’s. I hoped that theirs would get bigger as they grew up. I also thought about the cucumber that I was now even more determined to buy.

Chloe straddled him and lowered herself on to him. I heard her gasp as she impaled herself then moan as she started going up and down.

I checked to see that the camera was still recording and then zoomed in on her face, then tilted it down so that it could see the gap that appeared each time that she went up.

Tilting the camera back up I watched her tits bouncing up and down. I wondered if it hurt her, and my left hand went to my right tit and squeezed it.

Then I opened the top 2 button of my dress and while still recording, my left hand went inside my dress and squeezed then twisted my right nipple.

I moaned then remembered where I was and what I was doing. My hand came out of my dress then slid down my front to my pussy. I didn’t have to lift my dress, it’s so short that when I press on it on my pubes with the palm of my hand my fingers can feel my bare pussy.

My fingers went straight to my clit and started rubbing.

I orgasmed at about the same time as Chloe; her screams drowning mine. As the waves subsided I wondered if the video would be wobbly.

Deciding that I’d recorded enough to get Chloe into serious trouble with her parents, I slowly backed away from the patio doors and went back up to Luke’s room.

Both Luke and Henry were there so I shut the door and asked them if they’d got some good pictures. When they nodded I said,

“Right, lets get them on your computer then email then to Henry and me. We need backup copies if Chloe comes in here and deletes them.”

“Good thinking Sam. I’d hate to get on the wrong side of you.”


Luke and I sorted the computer things while Henry watched Chloe and give us a running commentary.

Chloe and her boyfriend were flat on their backs, still naked when I got back to the window. I smiled to myself when I saw that her legs were still wide apart. It wasn’t just me who liked laying like that.


“So what are going to force her to do then?” Henry asked.

“Dunno yet, but it’s great ammo to have if she starts getting stroppy or something.” Luke replied.

“So what are we going to do now lads?” Henry said.

“I’m not a lad any more Henry but let’s get out of here so that Chloe doesn’t have any idea that we might have seen her.”


We crept out just as quietly as we were when we went in to Luke’s house. We went and sat on the little wall outside my house while we decided what to do next.

During the time that we were there the council came down the street emptying the wheelie-bins. Two of the men saw us, and as I was sat with my feet apart they got a good look at my pussy. One of them wolf-whistled at me. I’ve never had that before and I liked it.


We decided to go to the local park and see what was happening there. Not a lot as it turned out and we sat on the swings and talked for quite a while. It felt nice swinging backwards and forwards as the air rushed by my pussy.

Then it was time to go home for tea.


After tea I met up with Luke and Henry again and we went to the supermarket for the cucumber. I snook it in to my room so that mum and dad didn’t see it. I thought about trying it that night but in the end I decided to wait until the next day and let Luke and Henry fuck me with it.

I called Henry and asked if it was okay if I went over. I hadn’t been there since he’d told his parents about me and I thought that I should let them see that he wasn’t joking.

When I went in Henry’s mum was really nice about it. She said that I looked beautiful in the dress that I was wearing and that I was still welcome any time. Henry’s dad was a bit different. He couldn’t stop smiling and staring at me. I wondered what he was thinking.



We went back to the woods the next morning. I was wearing a skirt and top and the guys insisted that I take both off as soon as we left the road.

Flat on my back on the grass I asked Luke and Henry to make me cum before they fucked me with the cucumber. They did, then I got the cucumber out of the bag.

“Fucking hell Sam, that looks big. Will you be able to take it?” Luke asked.

“I should be able to, google says that my vagina will stretch to accommodate the size of a penis.”

“I’ve never seen a cock that big Sam, not even in any of the pornos that I’ve watched.” Henry said.

“I guess that there’s only one way to find out. Who wants to be first guys?”

“Me.”

“Me.”

“Okay, tell you what, how about you flick a coin or your penknife Luke and the winner gets to fuck me with the cucumber while I suck the cock of the other one. Then you can swap places.”

“Works for me.” Henry replied.

Luke got his penknife out.

“You chose Henry, Swiss flag up or down. If you get it right you use the cucumber. Okay?”

Henry lost. Well lost if you call getting a blowjob losing.

“Take it slow and gentle Luke, and if I bite Henry’s cock off you know that you’ve pushed too hard.”

“Hey Sam, you’d better not do that. I don’t want to be a girl.”

“You’ll never know what you’re missing Henry.”


I was glad that Luke did take it slow because it, it hurt like hell as he pushed it. Twice I asked him to pull it out and spit on it in an attempt to make it hurt less, but that didn’t help. 

The guys wanted to stop but I told them to keep pushing and eventually Luke said that the end of it must be hitting something.

“That must be my cervix, okay Luke, now that it’s in start fucking me with it.”

“Are you sure Sam? It will hurt you again.”

“Do it Luke, I don’t want to be the girl who can’t take a cucumber.”

“You could have picked a smaller cucumber Sam, this one is like a marrow.” Henry said.

“If a job’s worth doing, it’s worth doing properly, as my dad says.” I replied. “Please Luke, just do it before I change my mind.

He did, and the pain soon disappeared and I started feeling good. I came within 2 minutes then sucked hard on Henry’s cock to make him cum.

We waited a few minutes before the guys swapped over. I asked Luke to leave the cucumber sticking out of my hole while we rested. I told them that my hole would shrink and it would hurt all over again.


The guys swapped over and Henry rammed the cucumber in and out until I orgasmed again. Luke came before I did and I swallowed the lot.


As my orgasms receded I told Luke and Henry to get their heads down where they could see my pussy. When they were there I told them to pull the cucumber out quickly and watch my hole.

“Fucking hell Sam.” Luke said, “I can see right inside you. It’s all pink and wet. Wait, it’s starting to close.”

Two minutes later the guys got up and Henry said,

“It’s back to normal Sam, how does it feel?”

“Like it’s just had a football in there.”

“That’s an idea.” Henry said.

“NO, no, don’t even think about it guys. But you can fuck me with the cucumber again tomorrow if you like.”

“Hey, talking about football, we haven’t had a kick around for a while. How about we go home and get a ball and go to the park?”

“Sounds like a plan.” Luke said, then, “I’ve thought about it a few times in the last few days but I didn’t think that you’d want to Sam.”

“Why the fuck not? I haven’t changed that much.”


And that’s what we did. 

The 3 of use kicked the ball around and played one-on-one with a goalie but the guys were always beating me because I kept slipping and falling because of the smooth flat shoes that I was wearing.

After about 30 minutes, 3 older teenage boys came over and challenged us to a game and we accepted.

Things were going great for us, we were beating them, even when I kept ending up on the ground. Then I realised why we were doing so good, the 3 teenagers were staring at me all the time. If it wasn’t my skirt that was riding up all the time, it was my true exposure whenever I fell over.

This realisation pleased me, and made my pussy wet.

We got to 10 before they did, but when the left one of them said,

“Same time, same place tomorrow guys.”

Luke accepted the challenge.


The next day, after the fun in the woods we went to the park again. The 3 teenagers were now 7 teenage boys, and after a quick discussion we split into 2 teams of 5.

Shortly after the game started,one of the teenagers called a halt and complained that he couldn’t tell who was on which team. I said what I have always said in situation like that,

“Skins and shirts then.”

Everyone quickly agreed and then someone asked which team were going to take their shirts off. I agreed with out thinking when everyone said that the team that I was in would be the skins.  

It was only when I took my tank top off, looked around and saw everyone staring at my tits that I realised that I was exposing my tits. I’d played in ‘skins’ teams hundreds of times before so I never thought anything about it.

“Come on guys, what’s the problem, lets get on with the game.” I said and the game slowly started.


I was getting used to slipping and falling over quite a bit and never really thought about my short skirt that kept rising up letting everyone see my butt and pussy; but the teenagers did. Every time that I went down there was 3 or 4 of them stood at my feet looking at me.

It was a nice feeling actually. All those teenagers wanting to look at my body. It really is nice being a girl.

My team won, of course, and we 3 parted from the game with the same,

“Same time, same place tomorrow.”


On the way home Luke suggested that I wear my trainers. Okay, they were boys trainers, but hey, there’s not that much difference, so the next day I did wear them, without socks.

We had some great fun in the woods then we went to the park. This time there were 11 teenage boys there waiting for us. 

Of course they all wanted to play skins and shirts again and of course they wanted me on the skins side. That didn’t bother me having my little tits on display actually makes me feel good, and with 13 boys looking at them makes me feel even better.

The thing was, that morning when I got dressed I didn’t think about the park or the football and the only item of clothing that I put on was a dress. As half of the teenagers pulled their tops off I put my hands to my waist and felt for the bottom of my tank top.

Then it hit me.

“Err guys,” I announced, “I’ve got a problem, I went and put this bloody dress on this morning, can I swap sides please?”

Thirteen boys all said “No”, all within a couple of seconds.

I thought for a second then said,

“Well I hope that you don’t mind me playing naked.” 

I didn’t wait for an answer, I unbuttoned my dress, dropped it to the floor, picked it up and put it on the pile of boys shirts.

Thirteen pairs of eyes stared at me, 2 with grins on their faces, Luke and Henry, as I went over to the teenager who was holding the ball and pulled it out of his hands.     

“Right,” I said, “let’s get started.”

I didn’t fall over as much that game but when one of the teenagers picked up the ball and ran down the pitch, the game changed from football to rugby.

For some reason everyone, even the shirts team were passing the ball to me and I got tackled, then groped more times than I can remember. I got to enjoy it and each time I got up I’d shout “to me” as soon as the play started again.

None of them actually made me cum but my pussy has never dripped as much as it did that day. Well, that’s not counting Luke and Henry’s cum dripping out of me as I walked out of the woods.
 
The problem with a dozen or so teenager boys pouncing on you every few minutes is that you end up with a few bruises, and I certainly did. My tits and pussy were also quite red and sore as well. Fortunately, my injuries were only minor and by the time I got home for tea all I had was memories of being groped by a dozen or so teenage boys. 

I went to sleep and dreamt that they had gang-banged me.



The next day was exactly a week since I’d started taking the pill. When the 3 of us went to the woods I said,

“As you can see guys, I haven’t brought the cucumber with me today, that’s because I want you to use your cocks to fuck me.”

“Are you sure Sam?” Luke asked.

“Oh yes, I’ve been looking forward to this day ever since I first put a dress on.”

And we did, we tried every position that we could think of, not that that was many at that time, and the guys took it in turns fucking me. When one of them came the other took over. It seemed to go on for hours and I know that I was knackered at the end of it.

We didn’t go to the park to play football or rugby that day, nor again that summer holiday. I wondered if the teenage boys went and waited for another chance to grope me.


That was it, I’d started fucking and I, we, took every opportunity to do it. We didn’t do it 24 x 7, we did do other things like going to the park and playing on the swings. It was relaxing after all the fucking. One day Luke suggested that I go and climb the climbing frame. They stood underneath looking up at my pussy as I stretched from bar to bar.



Something that I have forgotten to tell you during the last few pages, is about my dad. After that first time that he shaved my pussy I asked him to do it every evening, and he did / does.

Mum sometimes watches and each time dad plays with my clit and brings me off. I’m always on my bed with a towel under my butt when I get shaved  and one of good parts is when dad gets me to lift my legs and hold them near my face so that he can get at all the new little hairs around the back of my pussy and my butt.

One evening when I was getting shaved I saw my big brother at my door watching what was going on. Shortly after that dad made me cum and when I started to get back to normal I looked towards my door, but Alex was gone.

Each time that dad shaves me I hear mum tell dad that I’m too young but once the pill started working I just knew that dad would find a way to fuck me; and I looking forward to it. Luke and Henry are great but their cock are still young and they don’t have much (now) experience.    


file:///D:/V/Sam04.htm