Z is for Zeus


The Gods of Ancient Greece knew that their time was limited as
the people forsake their beliefs. They felt their remaining
powers ebb away as each day flowed by. In the secret regime, they
strove to play once last roll of the dice. They invested in 10
crystals all their abilities and knowledge, and buried them deep
in Mount Olympus. Sometime in the future the age of the Gods
would return when their powers would be revive in a suitable
vessel. Night followed quickly for the Gods as the dawn of the
modern world of man began and the legend of the Gods became myths
and stories for the children of the mortals.



I was sweating, as yet again Miss Smallwood shouted at me to stop
jiggling and get down the hole. Once again, it was my turn to
slip into the crack in the dirt, a so-called pothole. An
adventure vacation in archeology, which after the students
realized the obsessions of Miss Smallwood were to illegal dig in
the caves of Olympus, became a lot more than we had bargained
for. After numerous incidents with the rather upset Greek
authorities, only I Poor Little Peter (or PLiP as I had been nick
named) was left with the Amazon Smallwood. Smallwood was anything
but your normal professor in that she was 5 11 and curved where
curves should be on a woman. Many a wood not necessarily small
had been raised thanks to her. I caught one last sight of her as
I was lowered into the mouth of the hole. Her shoulder length
raven hair tied up in a crude bun, her heaving breasts straining
against a sports bra in her sleeveless kaki shirt, her tanned
legs starching out for her kaki shorts into those sensible hiking
boots. For a woman approaching 40 she was still a stunner, only a
streak of grey hair gave away her maturity.

She easily hoisted me as PLiP I was, just 5 5 and more a pet
to women than a man. The things I do for lust was my last thought
as my eyes adjusted to the darkness of the hole. I was going down
to the bottom this time. We had finally tied all our ropes
together to have a chance of reaching the abyss. After being
lowered for an indeterminable time, the movement stopped. You
are stuck somewhere. Ill try to raise you she shouted. After 10
minutes of no movement downward or upward, I felt a bit panicky.
Try swinging was her answer. I moved gently at first, and then
getting more worried, I frantically and widely moved about.
Unknown to me the rope was caught on a sharp ledge and all I
succeeded in doing was to cut the only line I had. I fell an age,
but in retrospect a mere 15 feet, and landed with a thump on the
dirt floor. Winded I tried to stand but all I saw was stars, 10
perfect stars twinkling all around me. I passed out for a moment,
just having enough consciousness to see the stars extinguish one
by one, as if candles were being snuffed out. Then I awoke when a
coil of rope literally hit me on the head. Smallwood had managed
to lash together the remaining ropes, most of which were well
past their safe life expectancy. With difficulty, I tied the rope
around me and was slowly eased back up to the daylight. It took a
long time, as it seemed the hole had gotten smaller. In places
where I had previously had the luxury of several inches, I was
scraping the walls with my chest and back. Still feeling dizzy, I
managed the last few feet to pull myself out.

Resting a few seconds knelling on the ground, I looked up at
Smallwood. She was panting for breath at the effort of pulling me
up. I glanced from her sensible boots up her smooth and
glistening legs, up to her chest moving as she gained her breath,
up to her beautiful face. Her lips full and her eyes like brown
pools. I felt my lust was beginning to get the better of me.

Slowly, I stood up. My head reaching a full foot higher than
hers. Was I on a rock, or she in a hole? No, I was actually
taller than she was. We were both stunned. Not only was I taller,
but my body had transformed into a muscular toned body. I was
still dizzy. I stumbled and she caught me and held me up. We were
very close and I could smell her scent. I keep hearing her speak
to me.why was she using Greek. No.it wasnt herit was Zeus. I
stumbling again as my understanding improved. We need to get you
to a doctor she said. No I firmly commanded. I am in charge
here she shouted. You are going to see a doctor. You will.
She stopped mid sentence because I thought her to be quiet.
Bewildered she looked at me, looking up to my eyes, looking at my
new body, to the bulge in my pants. Yes, I had a bulge.truth be
known it was a massive bulge. My yearning had gotten the better
of me. I held her arms and lifted her to me. Pressing my head
down I kissed her full on the mouth, then again deeply and
hungrily. You desire me, I thought, and kissed again. This time
she responded by opening her mouth and lashing my tongue with
hers. She pressed her body against mine, jumping up wrapping her
long legs around my waist. With my right hand supporting and
fondling her right buttock, I used my left to massage her right
breast. I ripped off her top with one movement, and then ripped
her bra off too. Hold the base of her back and lifting her
upwards I plunged my mouth onto her erect nipples, sucking them
noisily, licking around them in great and small circles. The salt
sweat of hers was so intoxicating. I pulled each nipple into my
mouth, sucking with my lips, crewing gently but cruelly with my
teeth. I could hear her mind complain that she shouldnt be doing
this, shouldnt be enjoying this..but God it that it was so
good.

I lifted her higher and with my teeth I slashed away her shorts
and her soaking panties. Her naked wet cunt, moisture glistening
on her trimmed public hair was but inches from my face. I put my
nose into her tight black curls and drank her smell. Within a few
seconds I was teasing her clit hood with my tongue, licking her
slit, sucking her cunt lips and forcing her cunt open with my
probing tongue. My tongue became like a snake winding it way into
her, feeling the sponge-like skin where her g-spot was. She
bucked, squirmed, and squealed an inhuman guttural sound. Then
she rocked and moaned, then came in squirts, which bathe me.
Pushed my head into her lap  trying to un-borne me it seemed.


With my right hand, I undid my belt and unzipped my fly. My cock
freed itself from my underwear. Already dripping pre-cum it stood
11 inches erect and wide like a young girls arm. I lowered
Smallwoods body down so that my helmet rested against her puffed
up cunt lips. She cried in her head its too big, and its not
like me to want itbut I need it inside me. Resting on my erect
dick and relaxing my hold, her cunt was forced open slowly
accepting the girth. It stretched her. Pleasure racked her body
as I slipped more inside. She breathed hard and had an almighty
orgasm. Her vagina tried to strangle my manhood, pulsing as she
came. Nevertheless, I let her down more and more until almost all
of me was in her pushing right against her cervix. Ride me I
thought her, and she used her legs around my waist, and her arms
around my neck to lift her body, and ride up and down my rod.
Faster and faster, until I knew she was primed for another
crashing organism. I too was set and when I felt her mind lose
control, I unleashed wave after wave of cum to match the massive
contractions racking her body. Cum and cunt juices mixed together
held inside her by her contracted tight cunt. She stopped
breathing. She just held all her muscles taut, until finally the
first wave subsided, then a second later another wave hit, and
the another, and finally one last one which caused her to pass
out with a whimper.

I let her slowly to the floor, conjuring up some massive cushions
for her to rest on. I realized now that the new wisdom I had was
from the powers of Zeus, my strength from Olympus himself, my
attraction to the opposite sex was from Apollo. I knew all this.
My powers were from these Gods. However, Aphrodite and Venus
drove my lust and desire. These were five of the crystals I had
absorbed. The other crystals included the ability to enter and
control anothers mind as I had with Smallwood. I could read her
so easily; I knew all that she knew. There was no need to try to
pass her exams, I knew that that she knew, and I had taken all of
her bodily as well. The seventh and eight crystals allowed me to
manipulate all living and non-living matter. The ninth crystal
was power over time, to halt it, to reverse it, to play with it.
Finally the last crystal was the most important I could heal and
reverse the effects of aging in anybody, as I was myself
immortal. I was now a God, the culmination of all the powers of
the ancients. I reached out in my thoughts and saw that they were
pleased their time had come again through me.





