ALL HIS 

She was anxious. The wedding would be starting any moment. Her mind was racing. The 
wedding night She and he had sex weeks ago, but he had told her that they should not 
have any for awhile, and that she should stop her pills. She had protested. They should 
wait, they should not rush, it was a big commitment. 

He only smiled. "If I am not making love to you, you don't need them anyway do you? 
You have another lover?" It had been silly, but she let him convince her that her body 
could use a break from the drugs, and besides, he could always wear a rubber, couldn't 
he? Everything went perfectly, the cake was cut and finally the limo came. She was 
exhausted by the time she finally climbed into the limo beside him and headed for the 
hotel. 

But she was obviously not going to be able to rest. He locked her into his arms at once, 
kissing her with such intensity that it took her breath away. His hands began to wander, 
and she tried to push them away, "We'll be at the hotel soon, wait" He ignored her and in 
a few moments his hands were lost in the folds of her dress, pinching her clit and rolling 
it between his fingers. She was trying to resist, but even so, she could feel herself 
beginning to get wet. 

Finally at the hotel, she stumbled out of the car, he gripped her arm possessively. She 
knew she was flushed, her face red and her breathing fast, it was embarrassing, but 
everyone just grinned at her as they went into the empty elevator and the ride up to the 
room began. The instant the elevator doors closed, he turned to her and lifted her hem, 
and again she pushed his hand away, but he insisted. "Ah your so wet baby, are you sure 
you want me to stop?" he murmured as he kissed her again and her resistance faded. Just 
before the doors opened, he turned to the opening doors and smiled innocently at the 
waiting passengers. She faintly heard congratulations being exchanged, but she moved 
toward their room, turning her flushed face away from them. He was opening the door. 

The room was beautiful, he again took her arm, guiding her inside and closing the door 
behind them. Tossing the keys on the side table, he turned and for the first time seemed to 
be looking at her. "Mine, all mine" he whispered and went around behind her and began 
to unfasten her dress. "Shouldn't we have a drink or something?" she asked. "You won't 
be drinking for awhile" he answered. 

She turned and looked at him, confusion showing. "What?" He only smiled and 
continued to unbutton the dress. She turned and held still while he worked the buttons, as 
he did so, he began kissing and licking her neck. Her skin stood up and the throbbing 
inside her began to cause her insides to rhythmically pulse. Her dress fell away, and his 
hands slide around her and grasped her breasts. Pinching the nipples, one hand drifting 
slowly down between her damp thighs. "Ummm, your wet for me aren't you?" He again 
pinched her clit, but this time he could not hold it, it was wet and slippery, so he pinched 
over and over, it popping free each time, she responded with shudders each time it 
popped free. 

"You should step out of that dress baby, I'll be right back." He suddenly released her and 
disappeared into the bathroom. She stood there for a second, swaying. Her skin was hot 
and the rhythmic pulse in her was hotly centered in her belly and between her thighs. She 
stepped from the dress and pulled the covers on the bed back and collapsed onto the cool 
sheets. Reaching up, she pinched her own nipples and pressed her fingers into that hot 
wet hole. The throbbing wetness exploding over her hands, so that when he finally 
emerged from the bathroom, she shoved her hand under the covers to hide the sticky 
mess. "All ready for me?" he grinned. He stood at the foot of the bed, his huge member 
an angry red. He saw her staring at it. He reached down and stroked his pulsing flesh. 
"You like that baby? You want some?" 

She shivered as he moved to stand next to her on the bed. He reached over and turned her 
face toward him, his cock right in her face. "Open your mouth" He commanded. She had 
never done this quite this way, but obliged him. He suddenly grabbed her hair and thrust 
his hard flesh deep into her throat and began gliding it in and out of her lips. "Suck my 
cock bitch! Suck it, youre mine now and youre going to serve me!" He reached down 
and began fondling her pussy, the juices flowed out over his hand. "Ah, what a good girl, 
your all wet for me aren't you! Suck it, ummm that feels good, your going to be a good 
girl and let me fuck you aren't you?" He was pushing his cock in and out of her mouth, 
fucking her throat and she was helpless to stop him. She was frozen by the sensations 
coursing through her, she wanted this, more than anything.

What ever had possessed her had complete control, and she sucked hungrily at him as he 
continued to reward her with his hands, tugging at her wet pussy flesh and causing jolting 
hot charges of lighting to surge up into her cunt and deep into her body. "You ready baby, 
you ready for me to fuck you? Hum?" He drew the shaft from her mouth, and she 
managed to lick it once more before it got out of range. "Come here baby, come here and 
spread your legs for me" He pulled her around on the bed so that her legs lay over the 
edge, and he pushed her thighs apart. She didn't resist him. He pulled her butt to the edge 
and began licking at the wet sweetness between her legs. She moaned and spread her legs 
wider. Throbbing throws of ecstasy coursed through her, and in a few moments her first 
orgasm released a pent up flow of juices into his mouth.

"Ummm baby, that tastes sweet. You taste fertile and ripe. Are you ready for my seed? 
Hum baby, you ready for me to pump my hot load into you?"  Alarms went off in her 
head. She had told him they should wait. The sensible part of her tried to gain a portion of 
her thoughts. But he was not letting go. He continued to nibble at her clit, to lick the wet 
cum from her cunt, and she only hesitated a moment before any resistance to him again 
crumbled. "Yes" she whispered. Then, gaining conviction she said again, "Yes baby, I am 
yours". He smiled. Her juices glistening on his lips. "That's my good girl".  

He stood and taking his hard cock in his hand he leaned forward and began to guide it 
into her wet hole. She spread her legs for him, but it must not have been far enough to 
suit him. He decided to help her. Grasping her ankles he forced her legs even wider apart. 
"I can't wait to fuck you while your belly is swelling with my seed. You'll look so sexy 
pregnant. Just knowing my baby is growing inside you will make me want you more..." 
He rammed his cock deep into her, and she moaned, loudly as he thrust at her again and 
again, her orgasm building with each thrust until she was screaming. Her breasts bounced 
with each thrust and she reached down and began to rub her clit. "Yea baby, play with 
yourself while I fuck you, you'll need all the lube you can get for my hard cock, its going 
to be a long night..."

Several months had gone by, and he had been true to his word. As her belly grew, he had 
practiced on her in every imaginable position. He had spanked her and caressed her, 
placing her on the bed on her hands and knees, her swollen belly cradled beneath her as 
he mounted her from behind. She was in ecstasy. 

One night, a month after the baby was born she had awoken groggy, as usual reaching 
into the bed side bassinet for the crying infant. He had insisted that she breast feed, and 
that she not leave the bed to do it. Her back to her sleeping husband she pushed her 
nipple into the babies mouth and he began to suck at her hungrily. "Just like his father" 
she thought. Just then he rolled over. Awakened by the babies cry. "He's getting his, I 
want mine" He reached down and felt her moist pussy and then formed himself around 
her, pressing his cock into the soft warm flesh of her behind. She was going to return the 
baby to the bassinet but he stopped her. "No, let us both have you..." He murmured.  

So, as his son suckled her breast, he pushed his hardened cock into her as the pulsing cunt 
juices flowed out to meet him. He cupped her other heavy breast, drawing it to his mouth 
and taking the nipple between his lips, he began to suck, tasting her milk. "I love getting 
you pregnant" he said, as he licked her nipple and began to work in earnest at pushing his 
cock deep into her, forcing open her wet throbbing cunt, prying her womb open with his 
hard cock. His balls were warm and tingling and as he felt the seed begin rise within him. 
"You ready for me baby? You ready for my hot seed?" She closed her eyes in surrender.




