A Stripping Dream
by JackoK

A long-repressed desire to be a stripper comes to fruition.

"Strippers Wanted"

The heading of the advert was discreet, but it jumped out at me immediately. And below that it said "Training provided." Suddenly my long-dormant fantasy of becoming a stripper came bubbling to the surface. Should I give it a try? Could I? I'd never done anything like that before. Maybe I could just try it part-time to see how it worked out. The thought of slogging away at my boring admin job for several more years, perhaps decades, was depressing.

On an impulse I picked up my mobile phone and dialed the number in the advert. "Hot Stuff, can I help you?" said a bored female voice, not very clearly. There was a lot of background noise.

"I'm calling about your ad for strippers. What do I have to do if I'm interested? Do you have auditions?"

"Yes. Male auditions are Tuesday afternoons at four. Have you ever stripped before?"

"No."

The woman sighed. "Honey, it's not just about taking your clothes off. You have to put on a show and rev the audience up. You need to be slick." She paused. "But we don't have any men right now. The last guy we had moved away. Are you ripped?"

"Ripped?"

"Well-built. Muscular. Women don't want to look at nerdy strippers. Or fat slobs. They want to see well-toned guys."

"Well, I cycle and go to the gym. I guess I'm in pretty good shape."

"How big are you?"

Was she asking about the size of my penis? "Do you mean...?"

"Yes, honey, your cock. That's what most women want to see. Are you big?"

"I think so. My girlfriends have never complained."

"And you're happy to show it off on stage? You need to have a boner."

Just talking to this woman was giving me an erection and I adjusted my pants. "That won't be a problem."

"OK, come round to the club at four on Tuesday. You're going to have to put on a show, so get some gear and practice a few moves."

"What gear?"

She sighed again. "A G-string or a thong. Music to dance to. Clothes you can take off easily." She paused again and I heard the rustling of papers in the background. "Give me your name and number."

********

And so it was that I found myself sitting in a tacky waiting room at Hot Stuff Adults Club the following Tuesday. I had a holdall containing a white G-string, tight black trousers and a red button-down shirt. My hands were trembling with nervousness and it was all I could do to stop myself getting up and walking out. What was I doing here? Was I really auditioning to be a stripper? Was I mad?

A women appeared with a sheet of paper. She was blowsy and overweight, with frizzed blonde hair and cynical eyes. Her jaws were rhythmically chewing gum. "Jacob Langdon?" she looked at me and I shook my head. "Another no-show," muttered the woman and made a scratch on her sheet. She looked up again. "You must be Adam Fairfax." I nodded. "OK, come this way. My name's Mandy."

I followed Mandy down a corridor and we emerged into the main club area. There was a lighted stage, a bar along one wall and tables and chairs scattered haphazardly around. Another woman and a man were sitting at a table in front of the stage, and a guy was busy at the bar putting bottles and glasses on shelves. Other than them the place was empty. "Get changed through there." Mandy pointed to a door behind the stage. "Give me your music and come out when you're ready."

I handed her a flash drive and went into the dressing room. My heart was pounding. I took off my shoes, jeans and boxer shorts and pulled on the G-string, trousers and shirt. I was already stiff in anticipation of what I was about to do and I had to adjust the G-string to keep my cock inside. I looked in the mirror, combed my hair and practiced an enticing smile. I just looked ghoulish, and pondered packing my gear away and walking out with my dignity intact.

With an effort I pulled myself together. You're here now, just do it, I said to myself. Steeling my nerves, I walked onto the stage. Mandy had sat down next to the other two, and all three were watching me expectantly. I nodded at Mandy and a moment later the music started, the heavy riffs of Def Leppard filling the room with pounding noise. I tried not to think about the three pairs of eyes examining me and went into the act I'd practiced at home. Gyrating to the music, I slowly unbuttoned my shirt, button by button until they were all undone. Then I did a suggestive dance with my shirt hanging open, trying to keep my stomach muscles ridged and hard.

I undid my trousers and very slowly unzipped the fly a little way, opening the side of the trousers to show a hint of G-string but no penis. Then I peeled my shirt off and threw it to the side. I looked down at the three judges and tried to put on the sexiest grin I could. The man looked bored, but I was pleased to see that both women had intent expressions on their faces.

I thrust my hips out suggestively as the music blared, then slowly unzipped my trousers, keeping my hands in front of my groin. When the zip was down I suddenly dropped the trousers at my feet, facing them all in nothing but a tiny G-string that barely covered my cock. By now I was so turned on that my penis was rock-hard, and I noticed a slight seep of cum oozing out of the top.

Trying to keep myself under control, I gyrated on the stage. I hooked my thumbs under the waistband of the G-string and waggled it around to show hints of my stiff penis, then turned my back on them. Looking over my shoulder, I flexed my hips from side to side and slowly teased the G-string down until it fell to the floor. Stark naked, stiff as a board, I turned round and faced them, my cock waving in the air.

Suddenly I could contain myself no longer and I erupted with a burst of cum. Semen shot out and splashed on the floor. My penis shuddered as I climaxed. I looked down in horror and felt myself go red with embarrassment. I just wanted to pick up my clothes and sprint off the stage, but I forced myself to stay put, my cock streaming cum onto the floor. The three people watching me were all smiling. The man had his hand over his face and was shaking his head. I was utterly mortified. I've blown it, I thought.

"Adam, is it?" began the woman whose name I didn't know. She was older than Mandy, with short dark hair, attractive eyes and silver bangles on both wrists that jingled whenever she moved her hands. She was slim and dressed entirely in black. I nodded. "Look Adam, you weren't bad, but you weren't very good either. We can't put you on the stage with the show you just performed. And you absolutely can't cum all over the place like you did. You get that, right?"

I nodded again, dumbly. The woman drummed a pencil on the table and appeared to be thinking things over. She leaned across and whispered a few words to the man. He looked like a non-nonsense type -- he had a hard, unsmiling face, close-cropped hair and wore a jacket over a pale red t-shirt and blue jeans. Perhaps he was the owner of the club.

The woman straightened and looked up at me. "Are you serious about doing this?"

"I guess so." By now I was feeling downright awkward, standing naked on the stage in front of them.

The man spoke for the first time. "That's not good enough. We need to know for sure. Yes or no?"

I swallowed. "Yes, I'm sure."

The man looked at the woman and they both nodded. "Go and get dressed," she said. "Then come out again and we'll tell you what we're going to do."

********

