. . . I had to know. I rolled over and gazed into my tormentor's
eyes. What a wicked smile was upon that face. He pointed
down to the water where I could now clearly make out both
the features and the activities of the couple in the water.
It seems they would not object and perhaps not even notice
what remained to be done on shore. I pushed him back, slid
down his body and grabbed the base of his now fully erect
cock in one hand, leaving two handfuls still uncovered.

 "Tell me what works for you," I said, as I brought him
towards my eager mouth . . .

The initial taste of Tom's cock was salty from the pre-cum that
had gathered as he had played with me earlier. Yes, I'd just been
brought to climax by someone other than my husband - a first for
me since marriage.

The taste of him was familiar yet slightly different - a
difference that seemed extraordinarily out of proportion as I
considered what I was doing. The texture of his cock was similar
to my husband's but different in exciting ways. The colour was
slightly darker, the swell of the glans more pronounced. From a
visual standpoint, I would not say there were large size
differences and yet Tom's prick felt heavy in my hand. Perhaps
this was my imagination as I began to dwell on what this soon
might feel like inserted deep within me. The manipulation I had
just undergone had produced a tremendous climax but I knew that
penetration would be more pleasant still.

As the thrill of my initial orgasm subsided and I switched my
focus to Tom's pleasure, thoughts of guilt began to enter my
mind. I began to rationalize them away - Brian had often
expressed an interest in sharing me; often he would lift my skirt
for Tom's pleasure. I glanced back down to the water - Brian and
Amanda continued with their deep kissing. Their bodies were
pressed so tightly together it was impossible to see his cock but
it took no great intellect to imagine how Mandy's slender body
and beautiful face were exciting him. In any case, they seemed to
have no immediate concern for what Tom and I were engaged in.

I let the guilt wash away from me and determined to enjoy
the taste and sensation of this strange cock in my face. Truth be
told, I have had more than one fantasy that's placed me in very
similar settings to where I now found myself. I determined to
make Tom remember this blowjob for a long time to come. He'd
earlier joked how much Mandy hated things that squirted in her
mouth but I had no such reservations.

I pushed back on his chest so he was completely stretched out on
the ground. I briefly parted from my oral fixatiom and re-
positioned myself between his legs - I separated his legs
somewhat giving me easier access to his balls. I had plans for
his asshole in due time. Deep throat is not my forte - while I
could get close to the base of his cock for brief moments it was
more comfortable to focus on the top part of his shaft. This
allowed me to engage in the bobbing technique my own husband
enjoys and to add a lot of tongue swirls near the end of each
stroke. I tightly grasped the base of his cock with my right hand
and I mean tightly - like I've seen my husband when he's jacked
off for me. I stroked Tom in rhythm to the movements of my head -
occasionally twisting my right hand to vary the sensations he was
feeling.

My left hand was not idle - I gently probed his testicles and
occasionally dragged the tip of my fingernail across his
perineum. I could sense from his moaning and body movements that
this was very good for him. I moved my left hand to the base of
his cock and let my finger tips circle in the copious saliva
running down his shaft. When my finger was suitably lubricated I
moved it directly to his asshole and began to gently probe his
tight opening. His moaning intensified and I took this as
permission to slide in further.

Just when I imagined he could take it no longer he surprised me
greatly. He asked me to stop. I couldn't believe what I was
hearing but he repeated his request more urgently as though if I
did not stop immediately he would come in my mouth. I continued
to hungrily lick and suck at the head of his dick to signal my
acceptance, indeed my eagerness, to taste his semen. He sat up
and physically pushed my head away. He was eager to do this for
some reason but he also looked tremendously forlorn at what he
had just forsaken.

"What's wrong Tom?", I asked.

"Nothing", he replied. "I was in heaven just then Rachel, but if
you're willing I want to do better. I need to fuck you
desperately".

Who was I to argue?

The ground seemed too rough for anyone to enjoy the weight of
someone above them so I swung around and presented myself doggy
style. This is not the best position for me in terms of clitoral
stimulation but an outdoor fuck of a new man on a beautiful day
had enough going for it. I was still excited from the earlier
stimulation I had received. I was still excited from the pleasure
I had taken in devouring his dick. His cock slid within my cunt
and met no resistance as he buried himself deeply inside. It was
exquisite to feel his hips slap against my ass at the bottom of
each stroke he took.

I would have expected a fast and frenzied fuck from him given the
state I'd left him in just seconds before. To his credit he took
his time with me and soon I knew I'd match his own excitement.
From this position, I could see Brian and Amanda again. They were
clearly watching us - I was uncertain what may have taken place
with them. Brian spoke to Amanda. She broke into a smile and
nodded her head. They began to walk towards us.

I was in no mood to chat with them and undoubtedly they sensed
that conversation could wait 'til later. I wondered what they had
planned and soon I discovered, to my amazement, what they had
conspired to do. I had wondered earlier that I might be dreaming
but this seemed to much to believe for one afternoon. But indeed,
in the time it takes me to describe it, Amanda lay down on her
back and squirmed between my legs until her head was between her
husband's legs just inches below his pumping dick. She could lift
her head and tongue tease his balls as he fucked my cunt.

Brian too joined in. He knelt between Amanda's legs and guided
his cock into my mouth. I was gobsmacked and loving it. It's hard
to describe the excitement taking place in such a small space.
Tom fucking Rachel. Rachel sucking Brian. Brian fingering Amanda.
Amanda licking Tom. Rachel cumming. Rachel cumming and cumming
and cumming. It was the longest and most intense climax I may
ever experience. Too many sensations, too much new. Suddenly Tom
groaned. A loud arrrrrggghhhh as he emptied his cum within me. A
fast furious pounding of me as he squeezed every drop from his
balls. The force of his thrusts pushed me against Brian - his
long unfulfilled wish coming true pushed him over the edge and he
came with tremendous force. The quantity of his ejaculate
startled me. I tried to take it and swallow it all but I had to
back off. His last spurts sprayed into the air, landing on my
chin and dripping down to tangle in Amanda's damp pubic hair.

I felt so wonderful that I cannot find the words to describe it.
This glow was probably what caused me to cross one further line
that afternoon. Asking no-one's permission I let me head drop
down between Amanda's legs and eagerly sought her clit with my
lips and tongue. I barely registered these new tastes and
sensations before she too finally exploded. What a delight to
feel the pulsations of her pussy within my mouth.

It was a struggle to pull ourselves together and pack our gear
back in to the canoes for the paddle home. My knees would barely
support me and I sensed even these strong men had difficulty
managing the weight of their packs.

We paddled home with just occasional words spoken. I think we
were all reflective of our recent experience. The wind was
crosswise to our direction, and our boats were lifted and lowered
as we made our way. My canoe had been well and truly rocked . . .
