Annie Exposes
byFLrider©

Annie and I dated through college and got married within weeks after graduation. She was always a flirt but never did anything to suggest otherwise, and was always modest in her clothing choices. Around the house was different, with Annie often going around partially or fully nude, and she took great delight, as I did, in flashing me from time to time while out in public. She was always careful to stage it such that no one else would be able to see her, such as in the car travelling, hiking through the woods, etc.

Let me tell you about Annie a bit. She's just a couple of inches over five feet tall, petite in build with a nice firm ass and very nice, pert, firm boobs of C cup size. She's a brunette and has always sported a full bush though very clean shaven elsewhere on her body. She laughs easily and her eyes sparkle when she does. She loves to talk to people and never met a stranger.

After college Annie began to drink a bit more and at some parties she'd actually get pretty tipsy. When she did, she really loved to flash me but the problem was that she'd lose the ability to contain the flashing to private viewing. Anyone around us would be treated to the sight of her boobs or ass. By that time I was OK with that, in fact was a bit proud of the way she looked. But it got worse.

A few years into the routine Annie would sometimes really knock down the alcohol at one of these parties. It got to where everyone sort of expected her to get plastered, and if it was a pool party or an outing at the lake, all the guys knew for sure they'd get to see her at least partially naked. Most of the women were alright with it, some flashing even more than Annie but just not every time out. Some of the females were noticeably peeved about it. Eventually, towards the end of the third summer Annie got to where she'd be stripping down totally naked at these parties, which caused a corresponding decrease in our being included in the invite list. I tried to talk to Annie about her behavior, explaining that not everyone was enjoying her antics and that I had to both endure the sight of her parading around naked for all to feast their eyes upon, but also had to apologize for her behavior on an increasing regularity. She didn't believe it, or didn't care, one of the other.

That's when I bought a new smart phone that had built-in video capabilities. Within a couple of weeks we were invited to a gathering at the lake for the following Saturday night, and when the day arrived I noticed that Annie was taking shots of tequila even before we left the house. I also noticed that she had chosen to wear a skin tight silk top that was fairly revealing as it was, and a long loose fitting skirt of similar material. No bra, and from the lack of panty lines either a thong or no panties either. This was going to be trouble from the start.

Sure enough, Annie started hitting the shots as soon as we arrived, with an ever present circle of guys around her seeing that her hand never was without a glass for long. I hung back and just watched what was happening. 

Before dark Annie had managed to spill several shots on her blouse, turning the sheer off-white fabric into nothing more than a screen through with to gaze at her pert tits with the hard nipples and large areolas. I knew it wouldn't be long before she'd complain about it sticking to her, and sure enough only minutes later she voiced the discomfort, raised her arms, and was helped out of the blouse by two or three obliging guys. So, in the glow of the late afternoon sunset she was bare chested out in the group of guys and having the time of her life. I managed to catch the shirt shucking and some following laughter and gawking on video.

Not long after it was dark enough to light the torches and turn on a few lights Annie was laughing almost constantly while being surrounded by an ever changing cadre of guys. As a guy would join the crowd, another would be pulled away by an annoyed girlfriend or wife. I couldn't see everything going on, but I did manage to catch a short video of different guys holding ice cubes against her nipples with Annie offering mock protest but managing to hold her arms high and well out of the way. Every now and then some guy would evidently grab her ass too, judging by her reaction and movements.

By then the outdoor games had wound down and the music was turned up. I noticed Annie beginning to sway to the beat of the music. She never could stay still during music she liked, and her dancing was a show unto itself. She had her eyes closed, arms up in the air or outstretched from her body, and the movements of her body were no unlike those of a dance in a strip club. Guys began to chant for her to take it off, and Annie meant to please.

Just as I got my cell phone video going in record mode Annie moved her hands down to her hips, resting them on the waist of the low slung skirt. As she moved she began to move the waist of the skirt down lower and lower, the crack of her ass clearly visible as she rotated around in place. As the skirt moved on down there was no thong to be seen as the top of the newly shaven mound of Venus began to appear. Her fingers opened, and the skirt dropped to the ground as the cheers from the guys rose up along with their cocks, no doubt.

Annie was dancing in place, slowly, fully nude and in a crowd of several guys. Her being nude like this wasn't a rarity, but it was usually via an "accidential" dropping of her bikini bottom after she'd jumped into the pool. This time was different.

A hand would touch her here and there from moment to moment, never staying there long at first, but as none were resisted the hands became bolder in their touching and staying at the task much longer. I filmed her boobs were fondled, then the nipples pinched, then the nipples held continuously. I filmed as hands caressed her ass, then as the hands began to slip into the crack of her ass and probe her asshole. I filmed as hands would cup her nude pussy, then as a finger would momentarily slip inside the folds of her vagina, then as one then two fingers would penetrate her pussy and begin to fuck her in a growing frenzy.

As the hands became more active, and more of them, Annie stopped the dance and stood in place as the hands had their way. Her head tilted back and a moan escaped her throat, then another, and her body was beginning to hump at the hands. Her hands fell to her side, then a cock was put in one hand, then the other. She merely held the cocks at first, but then began to stroke them slowly.

Within minutes I had video recorded her first orgasm then recorded as she dropped to her knees and began to suck one cock while holding and stroking two others. I let this go on, capturing on video, until she had three guys cum on her face and in her mouth, and two more in working up to the same outcome.

At that point I paused the recorder, walked over to the gathering, reached down and grabbed Annie's arm, and told her it was time to go.

Annie looked up at me like nothing was wrong, but rose to her feet and offered no resistance as I pulled her away from the crowd and towards where we'd parked our car. I never offered to wipe the cum from her face or retrieve her clothes, but did apologize to those along our route that would even acknowledge me.

Annie was passed out in the car before we got home, so I carried her to our bed and laid her down just as she was. Nude and cum splattered. I slept on the couch.

The next morning I was sipping on a cup of coffee when Annie stumbled into the den, tying a house coat around her as she entered the room. Her hair was still a mess with dried cum in her hair and eyebrows, and a skim of dried cum on her face, neck and likely parts below as well. She was so hung over that she hadn't even noticed the mess.

"Steve, what happened last night?"

"You honestly don't remember? Not any of it?"

"No, I just remember getting a head start here with some shots of tequila, then a few shots out by the lake, and that's all. I remember a lot of guys telling jokes, but nothing more."

I turned on the widescreen and cued up the video I'd loaded. "Watch and enjoy, my dear." I hit the start button and the first scene was the early segment where Annie was complaining about her top being stuck to her, then her allowing the guys to pull it up and off.

"Oh, did I really do that?" 

"Just watch, Annie." She wanted to leave when it got to the part where she started to dance, even before the skirt came off, but I wouldn't let her leave. I wanted her to see it to the end.

When it got to the part where she was letting the guys grope her body all over, and finger fuck her to orgasm, she had tears rolling down her cheek.

She complained when she saw herself take the first guys cock into her mouth, but when she saw herself licking his cum off his cock and swallowing it, then with other cocks spewing cum over her mouth, face and tits, she began to gag and made it to the bathroom just in time. After retching several times she apparently stood up and gazed into the mirror and then realized that cum was still in her hair and eyebrows. She began to sob and then the door closed.

Annie stayed in the bathroom and cried for a long time, then I heard the shower running for a good thirty minutes. I went outside and started washing my car and just as I was about to finish Annie came out looking fresh as a daisy glistening in the early morning dew.

Steve, what am I going to do now?"

"What do you want to do, Annie?"

"Move. Far away." I stopped, turned and looked at her, and I grinned one of those "you can't do that" sort of grins, and she broke a grin as well.

"Well, Annie, what part of all that bothered you, the most?"

"I think the other guys actually touching and cumming on me. I have to admit that it's exciting for them to look at me, and I don't mind if they jack off, just not on me."

"So, you want to be an exhibitionist, but detached from the actual touching?"

"Does that sound crazy? I mean, there's no way? Geez, I'm perverted."

"Annie, you're certainly not perverted. You've just discovered the excitement of exhibitionism, that's all. Shoot, if I had a body like yours I'd be showing it off every chance I got." She laughed but said nothing. "Tell you what. Why don't we lay low around here for a while, then play it cool after that. But, there's no reason we can't do some webcam exhibitionism. Maybe even some together."

"They have that kind of stuff? Really?" We chatted a bit about the various chatrooms with webcams, of having single and couples rooms, and of the ability to keep identity hidden, even hiding her face. 

Nothing happened that night, or for several days for that matter as we settled back into our workday routines but midway through the week Annie was sort of excited about something.

"Steve, you think we could look into that webcam thing tonight?" I had a really hard time holding back a huge smile.

"Of course we can, Annie. We'll have you naked and guys cumming in no time."

And so it began, my Annie leading a prim and proper life in public from then on, and being an erotic goddess at night to a world of viewers. Oh, and I got in on the act now and then too!
