A Little More
Mary G

After I finished writing How it Happened I started thinking about how I felt now my secret was out and found much to my surprise I wasn't ashamed. Even posting the pictures didn't upset me to much, I mean what the heck they were honest and lots of people had seen me already. What I realized was that being naked in public was a turn on for me. Yes I still feel embarrassed and humiliated but excited and turned on at the same time.

Thinking back I recalled one weekend that stood out in my mind that pushed my buttons in ways I will never forget. Ron knew that it was the weekend my husband had the kids so he arranged a get a way for us to Atlantic City. We would leave after the kids had gone. Ron told me to pack only mini skirts and skimpy revealing tops and to be sure to bring my heels.

When he picked me up the first thing that happened was he had me strip off right in my drive way, I was worried that my neighbours would see and ask if it could wait till we were away from there. Ron turned to me and said you can do it here in the car or get out and go back inside and walk out naked, you decide. I knew he meant it so I stripped. Off we went. After we got going I relaxed a little and decided I might as well enjoy it if I could. As we pulled on to interstate 95 Ron spoke up saying damn, I forgot to fill up the gas tank and told me that he would pull off at the next exit to get gas. Deep down inside I knew I was going to be the one pumping the gas and I was going to be naked doing it. I was right.

The exit he took had three places to fill up at, one was a small Shell station the next was a convenience store that had gas and the last was a major truck stop, yep that's the one he picked. Thankfully he used a credit card and we could pay at the pump but still here I was butt naked at a truck stop filling the tank while who knows how many people watched, after filling the tank he had me clean the windows just to keep me out longer and to give a better show to the ones watching. All the reaching to get the windows clean gave everyone a good look at my ass and my pussy, I turned several shades of red as I did it.

The next embarrassing thing that happened was when we hit the first toll booth, we hit several on the way and all but one had men taking the toll and Ron made sure that he used big bills so getting change took longer and the toll collector got a good view of me. The one with a woman was the worst, she did a double take and started laughing saying her boyfriend would never believe her when she told him about this as she made change, Ron suggested she take a picture to prove it and she did several in fact.

As we reached Atlantic City almost six hours later Ron let me get dressed, saying that trying to check in with a naked woman might be difficult as he laughed. Check in went well and soon we headed to our room. Once in the room he had me strip again before picking up the phone and ordering room service, we need to eat he said. About twenty minuets later came a knock at the door, "Room Service" the voice at the door announced. Ron told me to answer the door. Standing behind the door I opened it as the young girl wheeled the cart in, when I turned Ron had a frown on his face as he walked toward me. It that how you have been taught to answer the door, by hiding behind it, it was then the girl noticed I was naked for the first time. Ron turned to her ,"I apologize for the slut's behavior" he said "rest assured she will be punished". The girl was by now curious as to what was going on so she ask, "how will she be punished". She will have her ass spanked he said. Hmm that sounds like fun she said. "Would you care to watch or would you rather spank her yourself"? Ron ask. Oh! could I she squealed beaming like a kid at Christmas. Yes Ron answered as he pulled a chair from the desk, telling the girl to have a seat. Then he turned to me and told me to lay across her lap. As I carefully laid myself across her lap she told me to spread my legs and count each blow, then she ask Ron how many. Ten he said and make them good ones. Then she started as I counted each one. By the time she reached eight I was in tears and my butt was on fire. The ninth and tenth both landed square on my pussy. Then Ron had me thank her for my spanking as he walked her toward the door. She told him she got off in a hour and ask if she could stop by after she got off, yes he said.

By the time we finished eating and Ron had taken a shower I heard a knock at the door and the voice of our room service girl, this time when I answered I opened the door with me in front of it fully exposed to who ever might be out in the hall way, much better slut she said as she walked in. Ron told me to go take my shower as he turned to the girl, I found out then her name was Gwen.

While I was in the shower Ron and Gwen talked and he told her about how we had met and what a submissive I was. When I came out Gwen had already went thou the clothes I brought and had laid out what I was to wear. After we left the hotel she suggested we make a short stop to pick up something else for me to wear, Ron said okay and our first stop was at a adult book and sex shop. Gwen took us in and went straight to the toys and picked out a nasty looking set of nipple clamps and as she paid for them called me to her, open you blouse slut she said as the guy behind the counter looked on then she pinched and rolled first one nipple then placed the clamp on it as I flinched from the pain then she repeated the same to my other nipple before tightening both till I was almost in tears, leave the blouse open she said as Ron walked up to her. "Damn girl, your a girl after my on heart" looking at me he said lets go slut. We spent the next few hours dancing and drinking with both of them exposing me to others for there pleasure before stopping by Gwen's place to pick up a change of clothes for her before returning to our hotel. When we got on the elevator they had me strip and when we reached our floor they had me walk naked in front of them to our room.

The next morning Gwen showered and left before Ron ordered room service for us. After eating and pushing the cart out the door the maids came by. They had fun watching me as Ron had me standing in front of our window naked spread eagle facing the rooms on the other side, ever so often he would have me turn around so anyone looking got a good look at both sides of me.
Ron then let me dress and took me down to the casino. WE played for couple hours before going back up to the room. That night he took me to a show.

The next morning we packed and returned home, of course when we got on the road I was naked again.

