Angel Has Hairy Pussy
by eksiber11

It's exposed to entire student in school.

Angel was a quiet and shy girl. She only can be really open with her friends but in terms of outfit, she liked to wear kind of revealing outfit. Not too revealing, it's just since she was in junior high school, she already liked to wear shorter skirt than her friends. While the other girls wear under the knee or at least as high as the knee, her skirt was 10 cm above the knee.

She grows up with her friends, Yuli, and Devy. Angel has Asian face, white skin and black hair, while Yuli and Devy are Malay, they both have darker skin compared to Angel. Since junior high school, Angel was already becoming other students attention. Devy was really nosy and Angel is more gullible. Devy really liked to prank her by lifting up her skirt as it was shorter compared to other girls and while Devy was doing it, Yuli was laughing really loud.

Now they enter senior high school and already 18 years old, puberty attacks them. Angel's body is getting hotter. With her white skin, she highlights her hair to be brown and she has 34B boobs. Angel is also now wearing even shorter uniform skirt, it's just half of her thigh revealing more of her white skin and her skirt is the shortest among the girls in the school. While Angel is getting more attractive, Yuli and Devy are not that lucky. Yuli is plump but Devy is now really fat. While they're together, the attention from everyone is of course always to Angel.

As they're getting more mature compare to when they were in junior high school, Devy is no longer lifting Angel's skirt up, that's really childish. Devy doesn't even need to do that as the skirt is really short, Angel often shows accidental upskirt and when that happens, since Devy is nosy, Devy doesn't tell her of her upskirt condition. She just wait until she knows if there are some boys are looking at her panties, and tells her while pointing to the boys, "Angel, why they're looking at us?" That's when she knows that she has been showing her panties and that always makes her really embarrassed.

With her really short skirt, white skin, and attractive body Angel always becomes all the boys target to sneak for some upskirt.

When she is walking upstairs to go to her class, some boys like to sit on the side of the stairs and as she's walking up the boys can see her panties from behind and it makes her always put her hands behind her to avoid the boys seeing her panties.

After she sits for some time, when she stands up, sometimes her skirt is folded and sticked to her ass and it reveals her panties.

While the class break, she likes to sit on the ground in front of her class with Yuli and Devy since there is no chair on the classroom corridor, accidental upskirt always happens when she tries to sits or to stands.

Or simply when she's occasionally running with that skirt, the skirt is always lifted and her panties is always shown.

Her most embarrassing day happens when sports day. After sport activity all the students change their sport wear to school uniform. In ladies toilet, right after Angel took off her sport wear, Devy is holding rubber tube and she plans to point it up to the air turn the water on and makes it as if it's raining but she turns the water too fast when it's pointed directly to Angel and it makes Angel soaking wet in her bra and panties. Angel is shocked but at the same time since it's really hot after sport she enjoys a bit the freshness of the water in her body and laugh together with the girls until she realize she doesn't have spare bra and panties to be worn for the rest of the day. She just wipes her body with her towel then wears her uniform.

Her wet bra makes her uniform sticks to her upper body. Students really can see her beige bra. In the class, her wet panties makes her really uncomfortable as it becomes really humid. She knows how short her skirt is but she can't hold the humidity. She thinks to her self that she has to remove her panties and she has to be really careful for the rest of the day. She already plans that she will stay in the class during class break until class finish but she is still scared of the condition where she has to wear short skirt without panties.

After a long thoughts, she finally decides to remove her panties as she can't stand the humidity. during the class, while the teacher is writing some questions on whiteboard, she ask for permission to go to the toilet and she removes her panties then put it in her pocket.

When she comes back, it turns out the teacher is asking the students to answer the question on the board and since she is on the front of the class, the teacher directly ask her to answer the first question. Angel is shocked, she is frozen for a second trying really hard how to avoid it but she doesn't know what to say. She can't refuse the teacher. She walks slowly to get the marker and since it's the first question, it's placed on the topmost of the white board. While her hand is reaching to the first question, she moves really slowly and carefully lifting up her hand and standing on her tiptoe. This position is forcing her short skirt to be lifted up enough for her low part of her ass to be peeking. Everyone behind her is surprised and somehow doesn't believe with what they see. Angel hears some whispering behind her and she corrects her standing position to normal but she can't reach the question. The teacher also notices what he sees but it will be weird if he asks if she doesn't wearing panties in front of everyone. He just stays silent and pays attention to her answer on the board. Then Angel stands on her tiptoe again finishing the question as fast as she can. It was like 30 seconds of her ass displayed to everyone in the class.

When she finishes the answer she turn around and her face is really red since she knows what just happens and she walks slowly to her chair while looking down.

During the class she notices the others are whispering to each other but no one asks her including Devy and Yuli.

Some students are reassuring each other if she doesn't wear panties, the boys enjoy what they just see, but Devy is planning for ultimate prank.

When the class break as usual Devy and Yuli ask her to go to the front of the class but Angel refuses it. She just stays in the class during the break.

In the class, Yuli is accompanying Angel. Yuli dares herself to ask, "Angel, don't you wear panties?"

Angel's face turns red again and her eyes filled with tears, "I don't, I remove my panties in toilet because it's soaking wet and it was really humid"

"You realized what you displayed earlier when you answer the question in front?" Yuli asks.

Angel knows it but she want's to know how bad it was, "What was it?" she asks.

"Everyone can see your ass, I guess Mr. John as well." Yuli said

"Oh my god, I'm really embarrassed now. What should I do?" She asks.

Yuli is trying to calm her down and joking, "I don't know, just be more careful than usual. You know you always show your panties, right? do you want to show your pussy now?" Yuli is lifting her skirt up a bit while laughing but when it happens Yuli is also really surprised.

Angel is screaming as she is shocked with what Yuli does but also a bit amused, "NOOOO! hahah."

"Oh my god, Angel, have you ever shave your pubic hair?!" Yuli shocked

"No, I haven't" she said.

"Like ever?" Yuli is reassuring.

"Yeah, I don't know, I don't feel like it's a must" she said.

"Oh my god, Angel, you have the most hairy pussy in the world, hahaha" Yuli is joking.

Meanwhile outside the class, Angel is becoming hot topic. The rumor is spread to other class as well.

Devy who is outside listening everyone is talking about Angel's ass and also planning for ultimate prank. Some boys ask her, "Devy, why your friend doesn't wear panties? hahahah"

"Do you want to see more? Ask your friends to stay on the stairs after class and prepare your phone" Devy said to the boys.

After the last class, Angel finally has to get out from her chair. She stands and walks slowly and carefully together with Yuli and Devy as usual.

When she arrived at the stairs wants to walk down, she freezes a bit wondering why all these boys just sit or stay with their phones because it usually happens when she walks upstairs. She actually knows why and when she does the first step to the stairs suddenly from behind Devy does her old prank, she lifts Angel's skirt up really hard even the waist part of her skirt is up to below her boobs.

Angel is screaming really hard followed by Devy's laugh and all the boys are cheering and recording Angel. Yuli is shocked too with what Devy does and she also laughing really hard.

There Angel is above every boys on the stairs recording her who is panic, she reaches her thigh trying to pull down her skirt but she doesn't find her skirt as it's lifted really up. Everyone looking at her black pussy hair which is really contrast with her white skin. Her skirt is really up as if she wears nothing on the bottom. She covers her pussy with her hand but it just gives more time of her exposure. She squat to the ground but it also doesn't help. She finally stands up again reaching her bottom part of her skirt which is on her waist now, pulls it down really hard then she runs downstairs. Yuli and Devy are cashing her up while laughing.

On the way home while walking Angel is really embarrassed and also angry with Devy but she knows Devy has always been really nosy.

"Oh my god, Angel I don't know you have such hairy pussy" Devy said while laughing.

"Shut up! You embarrassed me in front of everyone. They have the video of my pussy!" Angel said

"Angel, I just asked if you want to show your pussy and you just did!" Yuli said.

"You too shut up!" Angel said.

During the way home Devy and Yuli keep mocking Angel's hairy pussy and she is really embarrassed but she can't keep angry to both of them for long time.

The next day and forward, Angel has to hold in shame as the video is spread to entire school and everyone is mocking her hairy pussy.

After months, she is already used to it and she still doesn't shave her pussy since everyone now already knows and because her pussy is already exposed, she thinks she doesn't need to try covering her panties again on every accidental upskirt.
