Today is my 3rd day at home after breaking my arm. I can't really do all that much (ie can't go for a walk, can't sit in the hot tub and I'm in a little too much pain to go for a drive although by the weekend I should be right there).

I have been doing a lot of work - new movies and models on 'my site' but that work only gets me horny and I want some real speedo clad cock in my room. Speedos has been my work uniform for the last 3 days which is great.

But today I was feeling really horny and dying to wrap my lips around some cock and to have someone else in here wearing speedos. Antony is at uni so he was out of the question so I jumped on OutPersonals about 11am to see if I could find any speedo boys....

And I did.

I got chatting to 2 guys that didn't live too far from my place and I really hit it off with Brendan (aka BJ - ow any guy who has a nickname of BJ has to be a friend of mine). Brendan is nineteen years old, slim, dark hair, lives about thirty-five minutes from my place, massive looking shaves and cut cock and he loves speedos. I'm not normally into skinny guys but BJ was pretty cute from his online photos and he sounded like he was just as horny as I was/am.

Normally I like to give a guy a call before hooking up like this so I spoke to BJ on the phone and lined it up for 12noon - after giving him directions to my place I told him to wear his speedos and once he came around the back to strip down to just his speedos (a pair of blue speedo brand speedos) and to knock on my door. After that phone conversation I made sure the door was unlocked and that I was wearing nothing but my favourite black speedos.

I spoke to BJ at 11am so I had to wait a whole hour and I was soooooo horny!!! It took all my strength not to succumb to the desire to masturbate all over myself - the feeling was similar to when I lost my virginity - I know it is going to happen but I'm trying to remain calm and in control.

Somehow noon came around without me dumping my load - however my cock was straining at the black lycra of my speedos.... I head Bj's car pull up out the front. I had brought my mattress (with help from Mark when I got out of hospital) into my lounge so I could work and sleep and watch tv and be near the fireplace) so I was lying on my mattress in front of the fireplace, on my back with a few pillows, when that knock at the door finally came.

"Its open." Came my croaky response - man I need some cum on the back of my throat.

Now I've been the guy to knock on the door with only a pair of speedos on in the past and I know how nervous BJ must have been. But he didn't show it at all - he opened the door in all his blue speedo glory and the only words that left his mouth before he started licking my lycra covered cock was "Hey Dave".

I didn't even have time to say hello myself as BJ was slurping on my cock through my black speedos.

And did I mention how cute BJ was in his blue speedos. His photo was very recent (always a good thing when you meet people online) and he was just as hard as I was. The drawstring on his speedos was tied but hanging out (a look which I love - pic below gives that idea but BJ's was white and was tied).

BJ was sucking my cock and rubbing my lycra covered balls and with his free hand he was rubbing my chest. There was no way that I was going to last long and I was keen to cum in my speedos so after about 2 minutes I did....

WOW!!!!!

Being out of action for a week and a half that was exactly what I needed and BJ didn't stop there - he kept sucking my cum through my speedos.

FOR ANOTHER 5 MINUTES!!!!

My black speedos have never been so clean - and when BJ finished on the outside of my speedos he undid my drawstring (only a single knot) and started licking my softening cock.

Now it was his turn so I told him "Your turn BJ."

I moved to get up but BJ held me down with his hand on my chest...

"No you don't Dave, you are the injured one..."

With those words being the first I had heard from BJ other than on the phone I didn't think I should argue (funny how those people who are quiet are taken more seriously when they do actually speak).

BJ straddled my waist and moved himself up until the stretched blue lycra of his speedos was at eye level - he was very careful not to knock my cast.

Once we had maneuvered ourselves into a comfortable position, BJ was straddling my chest with his balls just below my chin if my head was resting against the floor. Time to give BJ a BJ me thinks.

I reached around and pulled his cock and his shaved balls out of the leg of his blue speedos and I went to work on his balls. BJ was rock hard from all the attention that he had just given me.