I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 6: GRAVY tRAIN

Pleasant Meadow city limits!

Still naked from her interstate adventure Candace Palmer was glowing with the knowledge that her husband Damian had already spoken to his friends on the police force about her. That made things so much easier to perform in public and not necessarily get into too much trouble. After her subjugation at the hands of Damian’s old football rival by the name of Lucas Downes and his revelation she was realizing just how much Damian loved her. Keeping her safe was important. While any other wife might call him every name in the book Candace was desperate to make him happy no matter the cost.

Today was only one more thing off of her chest. The next step had to be in dealing with her father-in-law. Damian telling her he would handle Joe had her worried. Just because Damian felt he had things under control, his father might not agree. Hurting Joe was going to be horrible. She had no real family close by, so he and his youngest son Kevin was all she could depend on. Her new friends Doug, Chris, and potentially Larry was a big help too. The more security measures she had the more she could get away with. Sex was getting good too. It was everything she had been missing and more. She could not thank her hubby more. Forever!

“You’re beaming.” Doug looked over, “Pretty proud of yourself, aren’t you?”

“Only because I know that Damian will be proud of me even more. He thought ahead before I even suggested he speak to his friends. That means a lot to me. Knowing I have at least three cops in my corner helps.”

“They’re not the only cops though.”

“True! I think Pleasant Meadow has six. One is a woman.”

“Other towns have even more. It’s too bad they can’t all agree with what you’re doing. I know in my area there’s a real prick who thinks he’s God’s gift to by the book. He gave me a ticket once just for a slow and go at a stop sign. Nobody was even coming the other way.”

“It’s still illegal, isn’t it?”

“So, is your riding in my car naked. Do you see me giving you hell for it?” He laughed. “We’re getting close to the grocery store, are you going to get dressed?”

“In the parking lot. You can record me putting my pants on.”

“Man, I hope no old people bitch.”

“I don’t care if they do. I’m just going to keep doing what I can until I get into trouble.”

“I think you’re crazy, but I have your back. Hey! I was thinking. Seeing as I’m helping you, how would you like to return the favor?”

“I have been. I just had sex with you.”

“I know, but I mean beyond that. I want to make my ex-girlfriend jealous. Let her know I can get a fox and just see what she does.”

“Anything you want. I can do that.”

“Awesome! I’ll work on details. Figure out where Kendra might be some night and we can just show up there. She likes dancing and goes to a country bar over in Dermitt called Bootlickers.”

“Sounds more like a BDSM club. Are you sure she didn’t dump you for a more dominant guy?” He froze in expression. He had never been inside Bootlickers to even know.

“I never thought of that. I’ll look into it and see. If it is, can we put on a BDSM show in front of her?”

“That sounds fun. Only if you treat me roughly. You have to show everyone you’re ruthless or they’ll know it’s an act.”

“Step at a time. The more comfortable I get around you we can decide how best to approach it.”

“I’m going to challenge you, Doug. If I don’t think you’re dominant enough I won’t go with you. Do you want Kendra back?”

“Yes and no. I have mixed feelings. I mean I ... yeah, I miss the whore.”

“And you think being seen with me will solve this? Obviously, there was a reason she left. I’m almost willing to bet you weren’t assertive enough.”

“Practice with me?”

“Every chance I can. You can even come spend some nights with me on my days off.”

“Perfect! Only issue I have is my own job.”

“We have all the time in the world. Don’t pass up Grimley’s it’s just up ahead.” He would have too. Slowing he hit his turn signal and pulled off the main street into the large supermarket. “This time of day and it being mid-week the store isn’t very busy. We might be able to actually do something and get away with it.”

“Don’t forget they probably have cameras in the store. Outside maybe!” He looked around the lot and along the store’s rooftop. “Then again, maybe not!”

“It wouldn’t matter. No risk is too great now.”

“Hold up, Candi! I know you must be feeling indestructible, but you can’t just presume that.”

“Until I’m proven wrong, I will think that. Damian has expectations and he’s even told me not to let anything get in my way. If I don’t take risks, I won’t know just how limited things truly are. If you don’t want to go in with me, I’ll understand. I’ll find someone to use my cell.”

“Oh, no! I’m not letting you go it alone. My dad will bail me out, then I’ll bail you out. We’re a team now sexy.”

“Yes, we are.” She leaned over and pecked him on the cheek. Even before she could retreat, he grabbed her by the back of her neck and drew her back in for a passionate kiss on the lips.

“No more pecks. Kiss me like you know Damian would want you to. Filmed or not!”

“You’re right! From this day forward, I’ll kiss you as if you’re my husband.”

“Perfect! Get dressed.”

Stepping out of the car naked she stretched over the back seat to retrieve her butt zipper jeans and dried Pantera shirt. In the process they were caught off guard by a short young man with blonde hair down to his shoulders for a hippy look pushing a string of carts. Hearing a “WHOA!” Candi stood up straight and turned to face the 20-year-old graduate of Pleasant Meadow High School.

“Hi! Don’t mind me.”

“I don’t mind you at all.” He chuckled with a slight blush to his cheeks. “I won’t wolf call anymore; I don’t want your man there to jump me.”

“He won’t! You can come closer; I swear I won’t bite.”

“No but my manager might. Oh, wait! Ron went home until 4:00. I forgot his kid had a doctor’s appointment.”

“So, there’s no one working who would call the cops if I walked in naked?”

“Doubt it!” He laughed, “Only me, two cashiers my age and one stock boy.”

“Are there cameras inside?”

“Well, yeah! Sami knows how to shut them off though. Are you really going to do that?”

“What’s your name?”

“Ben.”

“Well, Ben? Would you like to push me in a cart?”

“Better let me warn the others. There are customers inside, so we’d need to sneak you in.”

“Just get dressed and let’s break shit to them gently.” Doug frowned at her and claimed her fanny pack from the console and took out her debit card and ID. “I have your moolah. Let’s just wing it once we get inside. Ben there can keep an eye out for people while you and I do our thing. You up for that Ben?”

“Yeah, sure! The crew that is working right now are all cool so you shouldn’t have a problem. Sami the assistant manager is a freak, she’s banging the manager Ron anyway, so she can shut him up if necessary. As long as we do things without being busted by a customer and ratted out, she can do whatever she wants. I got you babe.” He offered a shit eating grin.

“Aww! Thanks, Benny.” She resisted getting dressed just long enough to wiggle up to him and give him a hug. He had his hands on her ass in under five seconds. A smack of her lips on his cheek she eased away and put her pants on with Ben a mere foot away. Turning her ass toward him she shook her booty. “Zip me up.” Easy pleasy! Ben zipped her up but already missed that tight lightly tanned ass. Pantera cloaking her upper body she looked presentable. “Ready when you two are.”

“Lead the way Mario Cart.” Doug chuckled at Ben. It was easy enough to see that the boy was a gamer. Nodding with an unending smirk Ben pushed his string of shopping carts up to a side door and inside to join a mass of other available carts. Following Ben inside Candi was between the young men and bubbly as all get out. Entering the market, the two cashiers up front were chatting. With no business to check out they were both yawning.

“Hey, Sami?” Ben brought Candi forward to meet a girl with purple hair and a few tattoos on her arms. The second Sami saw how cute Candi was, she perked up. “My girl here needs our help. Not to find anything on the shelves either.” He laughed.

“Oh, yeah? What can I help you with?”

“I love your hair.” Candi began with an icebreaker compliment.

“I love everything about you.” Sami Daniels chuckled. “Sorry! I can be blunt.”

“Then we’ll get along just fine.” She giggled and waved at the other girl roughly Ben’s age. “Hi, Apryl!” Nametag! A sweet hello from the brunette she too eyed Candi’s amazing body. Just by their expressions alone Doug knew this was going to be a snap. Freaks everywhere he thought to himself but kept silent. This was Candi’s ordeal not his. “Ben here tells me you ladies are cool. I really need cool right now. Huge favor, a really crazy favor.” She held her breathe to dart her big blue eyes from girl to girl. “While it’s slow can I make a porn video in the store?” That lit up their faces, jaws dropping. “You two can be in it if you want.” Batted lashes were used.

“You’re joking.” Sami smiled with uncertainty. Just that fast Candi whipped her t-shirt up over her tits and shook them. A rapid move on Sami’s part she jumped in front of her to block the camera over the cashier lanes. “As hot as those are let’s not let Ronny see your porn.”

“Just proving I’m serious. Ben says you know how to kill the cameras.”

“Well, Ben talks to much.” She flipped the boy off. “Yeah, I know how. Explaining it to Ron won’t be so simple.”

“Come on Sami, when do we ever get this kind of excitement?” Ben pled his case with a hopeful invitation to join his desire to witness and possibly participate in it.

“We do only have three customers.” Apryl giggled. “I’ll watch the front doors for anyone new and warn you with code over the speaker.”

“You rock Apryl!” Candi appreciated the support.

“Right! I’ll just say cleanup in aisle 6. As in clean up your act I have your six.”

“So awesome!” Ben jumped in step, “I’ll go warn Lance. He can be a lookout too.”

“Fuck it! I’m in! I’m kissing those nipples though.” Sami pointed at Candi.

“You can lick me all over if you want.”

“Whoa! Can I do that?” Ben stopped in his tracks.

“You all can. I want to do it all.”

“The porn is for her husband in the military.” Doug related. Nods and puckers Sami turned to Apryl telling her to watch the registers. Locking her drawer before walking off Candi and Doug thanked Apryl and grabbed a cart.

“I’ll shop and streak both.” Candi headed off.

“Let me see where the customers are before we get too wild.”

“Right! Be wild! Nothing stops me.” She was gonzo ready. Damian Palmer had turned his wife into a monster overnight. Shameless and dedicated, she had it in her head to always succeed. No matter the cost. All of these long months alone and simply masturbating were long gone. No more loneliness, no more boredom, no more toys, well, maybe her toys.

Shaking his head at her inability to think of nothing else, Doug took a walk along the width of the store to peer down each individual aisle. Spotting Ben talking with this Lance guy it was not difficult to see his skepticism until Candi stopped her cart and faced down the aisle waving at them and rocking along with Pantera, namely shaking her tits and gripping them for a personal juggling act. That brightened Lance up. Rolling her cart down the baby food aisle she hopped up on it as if a skateboard and let the cart take her along. Reaching the boy’s she snickered, “Hi Lance. Want to see me naked?”

“Fuck, yes!” Immediate attraction.

“I’m going to let my friend Doug fuck me. Can you hold my cell camera and record us?”

“Anything you want.” Ben chimed in, “We can take turns Bro.”

“On me?” She flipped her tongue. “I’m not against you guys showing me your dicks.”

“Sami is killing the cameras. If we can get these customers out and avoid any new ones, we got it made.”

“Oh, I’ll do this even with customers in the store. You two cuties just need to run interference for us.”

“Right! Apryl is going to warn us of any incoming.”

Sami flicked the light switch for the whole store from the backroom as a signal. “And there’s your cue.” Ben chuckled. “Oh, Sami and Apryl are both bi.”

“Good! You can all have me.”

“Daaamn!”

“No! Daaamian!” Wide-eyed Candi let it be known who this was all for. “My hubby!” Her shirt flew off and into her cart before anyone could even check the other aisles. “Kiss them fast then check out the aisles.” Doug came up behind them just as both boys went for it and sucked on her nipples. No way were they passing up this chance. No girlfriends and pent-up frustrations they were kids in the Candi whore. Store!

“Produce aisle, pasta, and frozen goods.” Doug let them know then unzipped her pants for her. Taking her cell, he fired up her camera and recorded her tits being devoured. Sami locating them stepped in behind Candi and saw that bare ass and immediately bit her lip. The cell camera made her edgy, but she did know it was planned.

“Christ! That ass is gorgeous.” The lavender tressed siren whistled.

“All yours!” Candi peered over her shoulder and even as the boys fed on her like babies, she kicked her tennis shoes off. “Little busy! Mind helping me take my pants off?” Head confused as to right from wrong Sami Daniels grabbed her hips and slithered Candi’s jeans to her socked feet. A second later Sami picked those jeans up from the tile and deposited them into her cart. Bitch be naked!

No hesitation going forward Sami felt that ass up and knelt behind her to eye her pussy through her triangular gap. Another whistle of delight she rubbed that pussy finding it sopping wet. A show of wet fingers toward the cell Sami laughed and stood up. She realized with the boys busy she might need to examine the aisle activity. A break it up moment later the boy’s had to be pulled off of Candi’s areolas. Her dazzling eyes loved every second of her exhibitionism.

“I love you, Damian.” She led off with a bashful look, “I decided to do some grocery shopping. Those were the nice stock boys who helped me find pacifiers.” She adlibbed pointing at the shelf of baby items. Plucking one off a hook she broke it open and put it between her lips to suck on as if an infant. Knowing she couldn’t have children Damian would know that wasn’t any hint. Removing it she tossed the pacifier into the cart and walked right up to Sami and threw her arms about her neck. “This is my new girlfriend Sami. We’re going to French now.” Oh, it was on! Sami was all in making out with this vibrant blonde. Being in the baby aisle seemed the perfect spot. None of the customers were remotely interested in the area.

Lance moved to the frozen goods aisle to surveil a heavy-set woman with a cart full. On her own cell Lance eavesdropped while arranging things inside coolers. A lesbian by the sound of conversation the woman told her mate she was checking out in five minutes. Perfect! He remained with her until she headed toward the checkout lanes. Once she reached Apryl, Lance bolted off leaving the cute cashier to keep her occupied.

Ben stood his ground in produce and watched a man who looked like a semi driver fill a hand basket with fruit. Satisfied that his needs were met Peterbilt Phil also headed for the checkouts. This left one more shopper in the meat section. Lance eyeballed him but also rounded the baby aisle to see Candi on the floor with her legs wide. Sami was in a doggystyle position and eating her out. Doug nodded at Lance over his appearance and the boy shot him a thumbs up as a sign of all clear. Moving around the girl’s Doug shared a visual of the guy shopping in the chicken area of meats to prove to Damian that there were customers. Handing Lance, the cell to record in short videos Doug stretched his legs for inspiration by taking a stroll.

Finding Ben still in the produce section holding a huge cucumber, Doug had to laugh. Even more the boy had two big green forearms. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?” Doug snuck up on him.

“Hell yes! Think she would use these?”

“I know she would. I have an even better idea though. Hang out here on lookout I’ll go get her. If I can jailbreak her from Sami’s tongue.”

“I told you. Sami loves pussy as much as dick. Probably more!”

“All good! To each their own.”

Rounding the back aisle Doug noted the meat cooler guy as indecisive. Grumbling over his procrastination Doug took a huge risk. “Record my every move and hers.” Bending down he snatched up a large section of Candi’s lengthy blonde mane and reared back. Pulling it taunt he drug her body along the floor leaving poor Sami with her tongue wagging at thin air. A “WHAT THE FUCK!” moment she sat up on her knees and watched Lance trailing Candace around the corner. Lance had sense enough to look over at Mr. Meat critic to see him self-absorbed in his pickiness. All that dude had to do was look to his right and he would witness Candace whimpering over the strain on her scalp. Regardless the pain of the haul she made it clear to the camera that she was fine. Legs rising, she fingered herself in transit and mouthed her affection for her husband. Three full aisles over and still skidding along Doug stopped at the cucumber bin where Ben stood in awe of Doug’s aggressive approach. Dragging Candace up off of the floor he stood her facing that bin and made her hold the edges.

Unzipping his jeans Doug defied the atmosphere and dropped his pants to his ankles. Sami kept her eye on Meat MARKet. She knew the guy as Mark Franklin, family friend but not so much Her’s. Dweeb, in her book! Still, it was better to keep an eye on him. While she did that, hiding at the corner Doug took Candi from behind anally. A shrill yelp of penetration she braced herself for his big boy. Facing it once already she coped well and began moaning. After getting into the right frame of penetration Doug reared her back and prompted her to lift each of her legs. Lifting her legs up by her thighs he turned her hoisted body to face not just the camera, but Ben. “You’re up Pickle Puss.” A hint if Ben ever heard one.

Moving in with the biggest cucumber he had found he pressed into her vulva and forced it deep inside her. Keeping quiet wasn’t going to be easy. A surprise peeled banana from Sami on the run the girl shoved it into Candi’s mouth to quiet her. As if, she ate that Chiquita, Dole! Whole! Still, her mouth full kept her noise level minimally in check. Ben was slamming that cucumber into her roughly, her pussy lips becoming green in color due to it.

Lance captured every angle he could in one long video. Holding off on stopping it in favor of a new recording he maintained his visual until she squirted all around that Jolly Green Giant. Doug’s uphill battle brought her to a body shaking climax. Once she became putty Ben dislodged the veggie and actually threw it back into the bin. Employee of the Month! Let some poor chef enjoy her spoils.

Lowering her Doug popped free of her anus and found his ass bumped by a runaway cart. Sami had retrieved her clothing from the infant aisle and hurled it their way. Lifting pretty Mrs. Palmer up he sat her into the cart and let Ben roll her around the store. Taking her upfront Apryl gave him the all-clear as those other customers had gone. Meat Mark the only one left and no sign of any traffic coming indoors Ben pushed her up and down each aisle letting her recoup and pickup items to add to her ride. Can goods mostly.

Mark Franklin finally made his selections and moved on to the potato chip aisle. Bypassing him Ben took her to the dairy section as guided. Once there Candace found the strength to carefully vacate her cart and walk on her own. Lance ever faithful in step, watched her open a cooler door and grab a can of whip cream. Using it to make a smiley face emoji in the glass door she smothered her titties into it right where the eyes were. Areolas making perfect eyeballs they all had a good laugh. From there she closed the door and moved across from those coolers to a short open top flat cooler that held cheese slices and bacon on sale. She tossed one each in her cart then climbed up on the corner of the cooler and sprayed whip cream on her pussy. Luring Ben in he shared in her little white lie. Lay! Biting her clit and licking her clean of Cool Whip he reacted unfavorably to the taste of cucumber. Not enough to give up though! A full minute of tongue up her cunt he backed off. Free of him she rolled over and took aim at her butt pucker.

Ben saw the glob and shook his head. Not Lance, he handed the cell to Ben and leaned right in over her and ate her ass. Sami was as jealous as hell. Taking the can from her she pushed Lance away and coated the blonde’s entire thigh area and went to town. Yelping at the cashier’s tongue hitting all of the delicious spots Doug returned from another tour of security. In his possession were those earlier mentioned strawberries. While Sami devoured her victim, Doug used that whip cream cannister to fill Candi’s mouth to shut her up. Strawberries fed to her Candance had lunch. So did Sami. Gusher!

Drowning her t-shirt shirt and store given smock Sami lifted back chuckling. “Fuck she tastes good. Vegan Cunt!” Cucumber!

“This is so much fun.” Candi panted and waved at the camera. “Hi Baby! Shop ‘til I drop!”

“CLEAN UP IN AISLE 6!” They heard the intercom call out, Apryl keeping her word. Mark Franklin leaving the store just as a car pulled into the lot. Watching it she noted it crossing the parking lot and leaving again on the side street exit. “FALSE ALARM! WE’RE FREE PEOPLE!”

“Hell, yes!” Ben pumped his fist as if victorious. “Run bitch run!” Laughing at him Candace left her perch and grabbed her cart. Taking off running she shopped naked and simply tried to be cute for the camera. Lance now available pulled Doug aside and shared what he thought was a good idea.

Doug puckered mulling over their suggestion enough to agree and the two of them ventured down the petfood aisle. Finding a dog dish, they opened up a small bag of dry dogfood and filled the dish half full. Loud whistles and a very vocal, “HERE GIRL!” Candi perked up two aisles over, Sami and Ben with her. Following their calls, she rounded the corner and spotted the dish. Both Doug and Lance had their pants down beating off without feeling insecure of one another.

“OH, FUCK!” Sami busted up. Assuming control over her cart Sami watched Candace actually go running and even performing a well-balanced cartwheel in the aisle. Reaching the boys, she dropped to her knees and giggled.

“Red Rover! Red Rover! Shoot that cum all over.” She laughed at herself and waved her hands all over her body as incentive. Moving behind her Lance knelt down and found his bravado in penetrating her pussy. Doggystyle he rolled his hands up her spine and began thrusting. Sami shook her head at his boney ass, so not her type. Still, it was humorous that this was all going down. Noting Doug gripping Candi’s hair, he lifted her head up and introduced his penis to her throat. Both young men hammered both holes, Lance even spanking her ass. Ben zeroed in every chance he got to capture her slobbering chin, saliva oozing around Doug’s girth as she gagged. Beautiful it was!

Getting a much better look at his dick size Sami licked her lips and made a snap decision to drop next to Doug’s hip and veer under him to lick his scrotum. Ben was blown away but recorded both women sharing the outsider from Dermitt. The added efforts on Sami’s end, her teeth tugging at his sack one second, then sneaking in licks to his thrusting erection made him groan.

Near a climactic nut he slowed down and waited until both whores took advantage of his length. Unable to hold out any longer he drew his head from Candi’s throat and found both girls demanding his load. Lance clearing his throat nodded up at Doug reminding him of the dog dish. Reality returning, he stepped back careful not to trip on his trousers and let the sluts follow him, Lance keeping up on his knees to avoid his warm, wet home within Candi’s interior. The bowl in front of his jeans now he knelt down and ejaculated his creamy reservoir into the dog dish sprinkling the kernels of food. Sami drew the line at that and shook her head. “Bon Appetite Bitch.”

Candi winked at the camera then buried her face into the dish. Not immediately eating the food she did lick his leftover Gravy tRAIN from the chunks then took a deep breath before actually chewing up a pebble of not so tasty Puppy Chow. The expression on her face gross she finished off that piece with grace. “CHASER!” Lance pulled out of Candi and made her turn around to face him. Pumping his shotgun, he shoved his beast into her bad breath and fired his load. The cum did help her aftertaste.

“She needs more.” Ben handed Doug the cell and whipped his dick out. Stepping right next to Lance he offered his dick to her. A greedy blowjob consuming her Candi took him into her mouth, balls deep until he readied his own nut.

His dick still wagging Doug found Sami crawling to him and swallowing his cock for her own benefit. A quick pan of the camera down he let Damian in on the other whore in the aisle. “Man! What a way to get over losing Kendra.” He grinned to himself and petted Sami’s lavender locks. Swatting his hand away he knew she wanted nothing to do with affection. Over it, he let her feed on him hard until he released another current down her throat. A guttural reaction he chose instead to grip her skull in one hand and force feed her. That action went over so much better. The final load spent, he pulled free of her lips and slapped her face with his dick. She seemed to respond well to that, rolling her features all around his beast.

“Better than Ron?” He chuckled, aware of her being the store manager’s sideshow.

“Won’t know until you fuck me.” She bit his crown then stood up to flip him off. “Gotta be a real man to keep this cunt licker.”

“Not looking to keep any bitch.” Kendra maybe, if he could get her back. Dumbass! “Let me know when you want my dick in your ass.” Cocky seemed appropriate.

“Will do Slick!” She turned away wiping her face on her smock. Eying Candi enjoying both Ben and Lance the blonde tried her first two penis mouthful. Doug handing the camera to Sami so he could pull his pants up the cashier leaned in over the blonde. “You go Girl!” Toughening up the boys touched their erections together and experienced her double dipping technique. “Damn! I’ve never tried that.” Reaching blindly for her Candi managed to pull Sami down next to her. Even as Sami recorded the twin inhaler she told Candi, “Oh, no! Not these two. Raincheck!”

Released Sami stood back up and recorded Candi’s feverish feast. She was certainly proud of herself. This her first attempt she was going for the BUSTo. Gusto, even! Unwilling to stop both boys nutted into her mouth at one time. A triumphant fist bump they pulled away to watch their unified jizz drip down her chin. Gulp! Guzzle! Nuzzle! Video halted; Sami rubbed her new friend’s back. “We better call it a day before our luck runs out. You idiots clean up that dogfood and beautify the place before Ron checks in.”

“On it!” Lance jumped first tugging his pants up, Ben following suit.

“Thanks Candi. Here when you need us.” Ben zipped up and left her to Sami and Doug.

“I’ll be in touch. Literally!” She caught her breath and crawled to her feet. “Let me finish my shopping?”

“We’ll warn you over the speaker.” Sami pelted Doug on the abdomen and smirked, “Loved it when you drug Missy here by her hair. Now that might turn me on.” A wink shared she headed for the bathroom to clean herself up.

“I loved that part too. That was so awesome. Do that more often. Kendra might be impressed.”

“I can do that. Let’s finish off that shopping list and get you home.”

“Okay!” She prowled nude throughout the store and gathered her items. Ready to go they made their way to Apryl up front. Giddy at her success Candi let Doug place her items on the checkout belt while Candi moved behind Apryl to show her appreciation. “Kiss me.”

“What?’ She dropped her jaw and found Candi’s insistence quite stimulating. “I missed out.” She pouted after the kiss ended.

“No, you didn’t.” Candi lifted the girls mini skirt and found no underwear beneath. “Perfect!” She then climbed up on the belt table and spread her legs. “Get up here.”

“Whoa!” Apryl chuckled and looked to the doors.

“I got eyes.” Doug moved through the lane and to the windows. “Not a soul.”

“Yessss!” Apryl pulled her skirt clear up to her waist and joined Candi amid her food items.

“Lot of firsts today.” Candi giggled. “Two dicks in my mouth. DP twice. Cucumber dildo. Sami eating me out. Now scissoring.” She locked thighs with Apryl and the two of them greedily got busy. Doug managed to watch both girls and the lot like a hawk. Camera recording their loud moans. The noise becoming louder by the minute it drew in Lance and Ben. Sami joining the bunch watched the slut’s rubbing twats with a vicious nature.

“Best day ever!” Ben spoke up.

“Cum, you cunts.” Sami chuckled and teased Apryl’s clit with a nail. Inspiration felt the brunette squirted all up on Candace. “I’ll never look at this checkout chastity belt the same.” Everyone busted up. Candace finally made a splash of her own drowning one another’s thighs. Enough was enough.

“Car coming.” Doug alerted them into panic mode. Apryl crawled down and straightened her skirt. The boys helped Candi down and she only put on her Pantera t-shirt which barely covered her pussy. Dressed enough she let Apryl ring her up. Lance bagged her groceries and refilled the cart. Doug passed off her debit card and the rest was history.

A sneaky farewell Candi pushed her cart out the door as two men walked in from outside. Looking back at her they saw her remove that t-shirt and keep on walking. No camera until one of the men pulled his own cell out and caught her wiggling all the way to Doug’s convertible. She didn’t bother to glance their way. Doug however did and laughed. Trunk popped! Just like those two gentlemen’s hard ons.

“We need to shop here more often.”

“Damn straight!”

DAMiaN STRAIGHT!

Get it right!
