                                         The Bull
                                       By Lust 4 Life

Experiences of a bull mating other mens wives (with their consent). MF+, true.

Intro

A Bull in the swinging world is a single male, often in the context of an extra male 
playing with a couple, or at a swingers orgy, or sometimes just servicing a married 
woman. What differentiates a bull from other men having sex with women is that the for 
the bull it is purely sexual, it is not a romantic relationship and it is not an exclusive, like 
in an affair. The female equivalent is a unicorn, as in rare as.

I read a lot of stories written from the cuckold perspective, sometimes as an equal partner, 
but often from a humiliated husband perspective, watching some bull impregnate his wife 
or such. While I enjoy watching others have sex (see my stories Swapping and Swing 
Party) in which I loved watching my girlfriend get fucked by strangers, in those cases I 
too was busy fucking some new woman (or women). I am not the jealous type, and those 
encounters were completely symmetric and equal. I loved the part I played, and I loved 
seeing my girlfriend enjoying herself, and both turned me on.

However, the experience of a bull is a bit different. This is a solo experience, not a couple 
experience. In the following, I will describe two typical encounters I have had as a bull, 
mating someone elses wife, with their approval.

Three Can Play

We met on an adult swingers web site. We talked for a bit, exchanged pictures, and 
agreed to meet when our schedules matched. We also identified that we all preferred skin 
to skin (no condoms) and were checked regularly for STDs (and were clean). We 
eventually found a time and met one evening at a local restaurant for dessert and coffee to 
check each other out in person. We recognized each other from our on-line pictures and 
quickly got a booth and ordered nibbles. We talked about some of our past experiences, 
good and bad, people in the lifestyle that we knew in common and a little about our 
general pasts. As we finished up, it was obvious that we all clicked and they invited me to 
follow them back to their place.

Upon arriving we headed straight into the bedroom and quickly shed our clothes. She got 
on the bed and laid back while I took my time nibbling my way from her fingertips, up 
her arms to her breasts and then down to her pussy. I settled in and ate her through 2 
orgasms while hubby watched and she played with his cock and balls a bit. Hubby then 
suggested that she owed me a return favor so I laid back and she went down on me, 
playing with my cock and balls and sucking me till I was hard. Hubby said, Do whatever 
you want, cum wherever you want, but she has such a nice tight pussy.

Well, who was I to argue. I quickly got between her legs and slid my hard cock into her 
up to my balls. Oh, she was tight! I started fucking her, loving the sensation of her tight 
pussy gripping me. Soon she was moaning and crying out and then she came and her 
pussy squeezed my cock so hard it almost hurt. I kept fucking until my cock felt like a 
swollen seed pod about to burst, the pressure building inside higher and higher. Finally I 
exploded inside her with a loud groan as my long strokes switched to short little one deep 
inside her. I could feel the semen shooting through my cock into her. She was crying Oh 
yes, give it to me. Oh I love cum, give it all to me. Hubby said, Oh yeah, shoot it in her, 
fill her up. Once I finished and rolled off of her, husband mounted her and fucked her 
until he too came in her, adding his load to her pussy.

With that we got dressed and I left. We got together again a few weeks later. They called 
and asked if I was doing anything. They had some free time and she was horny. This time 
we met at a different place, closer to my place and then headed to my place. Things 
started off the same but this time after I ate her, hubby started fucking her while she was 
sucking me. He pulled out when he came and shot all over her belly and tits and she 
loved it, rubbing it in. She cleaned up a bit and I again got between her legs and mounted 
her, fucking her until I emptied my balls deep inside her. They got dressed, we all 
thanked each other for a good time, and they left.

The Watcher

I met another couple on the same web site. After a few false starts we agreed to meet at a 
local restaurant for chips and salsa and talk in the middle of the afternoon. Again, we 
recognized each other from our pictures. We talked a bit. Turns out she had lived in 
another part of the country, been in the swinging scene, but got divorced and moved to 
my city. She and hubby met and learned they were both into swinging, so they took out a 
profile on the web site where I met them. As with the first couple, we all preferred skin to 
skin and checked regularly for STDs so this would be bareback. They made it clear that 
hubby only watched, he did not participate. He liked to film, if that was alright with me 
(it was). So they invited me back to their place and off we went.

As with the other couple, we quickly headed into the bedroom and stripped off our 
clothes (well she and I, he just got a chair to sit on and watch). Despite all of her previous 
experience, she was a bit nervous but I took my time, kissing her all over and eventually 
working my way down to her pussy. I ate her till she had bucked and moaned through at 
least 2 orgasms. I sat up and asked, Good? She sighed, Oh my god, Yes! That was 
wonderful. Now we switched roles, with her working on me until my cock was standing 
straight up, hard and eager for pussy to fuck. She laid back and I slid my cock into. She 
had a thin frame, quite small so I took my time making sure she was ready. Once I was in 
up to my balls I began thrusting. She wrapped her legs around me pulling me in and I 
went at it, fucking her hard. I noticed hubby in the corner filming us. From where he was, 
he had a great view of my cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Before long I could feel 
the pressure building at the base of my cock, my cock swelling as I got ready to cum. I 
began grunting a little, Unh, Unh as I got close. When I knew I had passed the point of 
no return and was just a stroke or two away from erupting in her I managed to gasp, Im 
gonna cum! and then as I felt my cock pulse and the first jet of semen shoot through me 
and into her I groaned loudly, Ah-h! Unh! Unh! Oh shit Im, cumming and kept my cock 
buried deeply inside her as I emptied my load into her. Hubby had a clear view of my 
cock buried to my balls in her pussy, my ass clenching, and presumably my balls 
throbbing as I came in her.

After relaxing for a few minutes and all agreeing that it was a very enjoyable encounter, 
she and I got dressed and agreed we would like to do that again and I left.

