All Girls Boarding Voyeur
by bstan2 ©



Let me start by giving you some background on me and where I work. I am a 
computer support professional that works at an all girl's boarding school 
in the northwest. I am one of the lucky, but few, guys that work here. 
Having half dressed women walking around leads to a lot of bathroom breaks 
to relieve some tension.

Since I support computers, there are many times that I have to enter the 
dorms.

The day was sunny, warm and absolutely beautiful. That being said, the 
girls responded by wearing short skirts and sleeveless shirts. I love my 
job, and having these beauties around really leaves no room for stress, 
but creates a lot of sexual tension.

On this particular day, I got a call from a senior and she was having 
printer problems. While I could have helped her over the phone, I decided 
that I needed to take a walk and enjoy the day. There are not too many 
days, in the northwest, that are as wonderful as this one was.

I entered the dorm, and shouted the customary "Man on the Hall." While 
walking to the other end of the hall, a young woman ran across the hall, 
not wearing a shirt and her bottom half wrapped in a towel. Her young, 
pert breasts bouncing with each step. Unfortunately, the sight was brief 
but it managed to create an erection.

I reached my destination, knocked and announced myself. I hear no 
response, so I repeated knocking and speaking to a nonresponsive door. 
Figuring that she stepped out, I unlocked the door, while announcing 
myself loudly and entered her room. After entering, I looked and did not 
see anyone.

This student, Martha, was definitely messy. Scattered around her room were 
sexy g-string knickers, mostly from expensive lingerie shops, and other 
articles of clothing which were not interesting to me at the time. Martha 
is famous for wearing mini skirts and flaunting her long tanned legs. She 
was not too developed up top, I would guess a B cup and that was confirmed 
by looking at a bra on her floor. She has shoulder length dark brown hair 
and a wonderful smile.

Seeing that nobody was there, I sat down at her computer, logged in and 
started working. After a few minutes of working, I heard a noise from the 
bathroom. It sounded like someone was talking on a phone. Since this is an 
all girls school, it is very normal to see many girls talking on their 
cell phones. In an attempt to respect her privacy, I did my best to ignore 
the conversation.

My interest spiked when I heard the words "I shaved my pubic hair for 
you." Being a good tech, I carry a pocket mirror with me that I use to see 
behind a desk. The school is very old, and the doors do not fit the hole, 
especially at the bottom. I pulled the mirror out of my bag and kneeled 
down at the door. I angled the mirror, making sure that I could not see 
her face, because she could then see me. What I saw is a vision that is 
burned into my memory. I saw Martha, sitting on the edge of the bathtub, 
with a finger rapidly going in and out of her bald pussy and another two 
fingers pinching her left nipple. I was terrified that her roommate would 
walk in, but I was willing to take that risk. I knew that I should leave 
and call her room to start over, but I could not move. I started feeling 
that twinge of excitement in my penis, but I was afraid to start touching 
myself.

After a few minutes of watching Martha masturbate, she closed her eyes and 
started moaning loudly. I knew that the show was almost over, so I quickly 
got up and left the room. I waited a few minutes and knocked again. This 
time she answered and told me to come in.

I greeted her, told her that I just arrived to fix the problem. Martha 
smiled and said "Did you hear me in the bathroom?" Nervously, I said "No, 
I just got here." Martha looked at her computer, and pointed to my bag 
which I had left in my rush to leave. She did not need to say anything 
else. I was busted, and she and I knew it.

She started walking away, but turned back and said "Well, I hope that you 
enjoyed it. I have always wanted someone to hear me cum, and I was nervous 
so I faked a phone call. I was not sure what to do when I saw the light 
from your mirror, but it made me so excited. I could not stop myself. 
Knowing that someone could see and hear me made me cum so fast."

I did not know what to say. My feeling of instantly losing my job and 
getting arrested started to fade, and I smiled back and said "Thank you 
for not getting mad, and for letting me watch that wonderful show."

Martha shocked me with her next comment, which was "You saw me, now I want 
to see you."

I was not sure what to do. I have never let anyone watch me masturbate. My 
face turned bright red and she said "I need to take another bath, and I am 
sure that you need to get rid of that erection before you go back to your 
office. I will leave the door open and you can come in and have some fun."

She walked into the bathroom, and I waited until I heard her get into the 
tub before I moved. I entered the bathroom, seeing her in all of her 
glory. She has the best looking breasts, topped with light pink nipples. I 
lowered my pants and boxers and sat down on the toilet directly across 
from the tub. I slowly started moving my hand up and down my penis shaft 
until I was fully erect. Her eyes never left my penis as I moved closer 
and closer to a quick climax. As I reached the end, I silently let my cum 
fly all over the bathroom.

She looked at me and said "I loved that. You can come by and fix my 
computer anytime. I will leave my bathroom blinds open just enough so you 
can always see me. Also, my mom needs some help at home. Since dad left, 
she is pretty lonely and loves to have men watch her. I will give you her 
number. Just tell her that Martha recommended you and she will be very 
friendly when you get there."

I knew that there must be an erotic story there, but I was sure that I 
would hear that some other time.

I could not believe what just happened. I started the day doing my normal 
routine, and I ended by seeing this sexy coed masturbate, her seeing me 
masturbate and having a chance to see her mom as well.

After this, I called my manager, told her that I was not feeling well and 
needed to go home. While driving home, I called her mom to set up an 
appointment to fix her computer. I could not wait to see the wonderful 
woman that created this goddess. 




 
