                            2 Woman Gang Bang
                              By Lust 4 Life

This is a semi-true story of a gangbang for my girlfriend Loolee and the wife of another 
couple with whom we had previously swapped. The story is in two parts, first from my 
perspective and then from Loolees. M+FM+F, true

Intro & Preparation

Loolee and I had done some swinging with Larry and Amanda: same bed full swap where 
I fucked Amanda twice while Larry fucked Loolee twice. Since neither Loolee nor 
Amanda could get pregnant and we were all careful and regularly checked for STDs, we 
fucked bareback, hard cocks shooting hot semen into wet pussies. It was really hot. 
Loolee had been intrigued by the idea of a gangbang and Larry and Amanda said that 
they had arranged one for Amanda and it had been really great and Amanda wanted to do 
another. We decided it would be hot to have a double gangbang, the 2 girls on a bed side 
by side, each getting fucked by a series of men.

The first question was how many men? How many did each woman want to take in one 
evening? The girls decided that maybe 5 men total for each would be a good number. 
They would each pick 4 men, plus one of us (i.e. I would fuck Amanda, Larry would fuck 
Loolee). After doing all of us, if they felt like it, they might take on some of each others 
men for second rounds.

We all liked the idea of bareback, with lots of cum from different men dripping out of 
their pussies, but we wanted to be careful about STDs. So we decided that each woman 
would select her 4 men (but they each had veto power over the other womans choices 
since they would be in the same bed fucking) and the men would be required to have 
documentation of an STD test within 2 weeks of the gang bang. We decided to have the 
gangbang at a local hotel which was known as a swingers hotel with a bar downstairs. 
We would meet in the bar and as each man presented his STD test we would give him a 
token indicating he was cleared to join us. Once that was done we would discreetly head 
upstairs to the room where we had a king sized bed waiting in a suite. Larry and I would 
get to go first (and last if we desired), with the other men following.

Each couple had an account on a popular swingers web site (which is how we had met). 
The 2 ladies checked out a number of single men and invited them for the gangbang. We 
had fun viewing the profiles and thinking about the different men fucking her. We told 
them upfront that it would be bareback and that a recent STD test would be required. 
Most men eagerly accepted and Loolee and I arranged to meet each man she selected at 
various local coffee shops for one on one screening. Amanda and Larry did the same. Of 
course Amanda and Loolee chatted with the men on-line prior to the in person screenings 
and demanded pictures of bodies, faces, and erect cocks, so the meetings were really just 
reality checks and confirmation. We only had one reject so we soon had our stable of 4 
studs each. With our total of 8 studs verified and eager we just had to select a date 
everyone could make and reserve the hotel room! Soon all of the arrangements were set 
and the date was fast approaching. Larry and Amanda and Loolee and I were texting and 
emailing furiously amongst ourselves as our excitement grew. Such hot women!

The Meeting

The big day finally arrived. The four of us arrived early and checked into the hotel. We 
were giddy with excitement. We setup the room, arranged a couple of video cameras to 
capture the action and then the women began to get ready. This was after-all known as a 
swingers hotel and we were here for some pretty raw and raunchy sex, so no point in 
being discrete or demure  time to pull out the stops and look their slutty best!

The women both did their nails, put on make-up, eye-shadow, and lipstick and then their 
outfits. Loolee and I had selected a short skirt which barely covered her pussy, and no 
underwear, a push-up purple bra which lifted and accentuated her large breasts, and a 
shear black top which revealed her bra and body underneath. Amanda had selected a 
somewhat longer gauzy skirt with a slit up each side allowing her legs to slide through 
and a thong which was almost visible through the skirt. She went with no bra and a sheer 
top which let her nipples create clear peaks in the shear fabric and almost made them 
visible, if you were close and staring. And if she leaned forward, the top opened up 
giving a clear view down at her naked boobs. Both women had fuck me pumps that 
made their asses wiggle as they walked. They looked like the whore of Babylon! What 
absolute sluts! (meant in the best way possible!) I think Larry and I were beside 
ourselves, both with lust for these two hot women and to see the reaction of the men 
downstairs!

As they were getting ready, we talked about how they were each going to be taking at 
least 4 new cocks in their pussies tonight, how they were going to fuck with a bunch of 
horny men watching them, eager to take their turns, that their pussies would be filled to 
overflowing with hot sperm. What a couple of cock hungry sluts!

When the women were finally ready and it was time we all proceeded downstairs to the 
bar. Turns out a couple of the men were already there. Their eyes just about popped out 
as they saw our two sluts come into the room. There were several other patrons in the 
room who quickly noticed the girls: conversations stopped briefly, I noticed men (& 
women) staring at these two rather outrageous looking women. Loolee and Amanda 
approached the two men who were already there and greeted them with scorching 
embraces, rubbing their tits against the men, grinding their crotches, and grabbing their 
asses and looking as seductive as possible. How hot! After the initial greetings Larry & I 
checked the mens STD test results and gave them a little token indicating we had 
checked them and told them the room number.

We all hung out while the other men drifted in. We repeated the same process with each 
man: the women giving them a scorching welcome followed by Larry and I verifying 
their STD test results, giving them a token, and telling them the room number. As we 
waited, the girls did their slutty best to show off. With her short skirt Loolee could sit on 
a bar stool and spread her legs just a little to give a clear view of her pussy, or she could 
bend over just a bit to show it off to men behind her, while wiggling her ass in a come 
fuck me way. And of course she liked to show off her large tits and use her seductive 
smile. Amanda meanwhile showed off her legs and would bend over giving the men a 
nice view of her tits. I noticed each woman was not shy about running her hands over the 
mens crotches as they passed. These were two hot women and the men were just about 
drooling.

Finally the last man had been checked in and it was time to head upstairs for fun! We all 
headed to the elevator and squeezed in. Tight fit which meant the girls were squeezed up 
against several guys whose hands were busy roaming. The doors opened and we walked 
to the room. Larry opened the door and went in with the girls. I checked each mans 
token as he entered and then closed the door. Party Time!!

Gang Bang

Here we were, 2 super hot, super slutty women and 10 guys, all eager for some hot sex. 
We guys all stood around the edges while women started things (one of the rules was to 
let the women lead the action and invite us when they wanted us to join in). They began 
by kissing each other, rubbing bodies, and fondling each others breasts. Amanda lifted 
Loolees skirt to give everyone a clear view of her naked pussy. Then the women did a 
little dance, undulating their hips, shaking their boobs, giving their best sultry, lascivious 
smiles. Next they moved among the men, rubbing against them, groping their crotches, 
saying things like, Do you have a nice hard cock to fuck me with?, Oh, I am so horny 
tonight. They allowed the mens hands to wander over their bodies, breasts, pussies, 
asses. Soon they asked the men to help them remove their clothes until they were 
prancing around the room naked. Well, lets see what you guys have. Time to get 
naked!

The men needed no second invitation. We all quickly stripped. Most of us were already at 
least half hard. The women now each approached a man and dropped to her knees and 
began licking and sucking his cock and balls. Soon the 5 of us for each woman had 
gathered around her and as she got one man hard she turned to the next (most of us were 
already hard just from watching by the time she had the first man hard but she spent a bit 
of time with each man). Amandas lips wrapped around my cock felt glorious as her 
fingers ran over my balls making me groan in pleasure. I looked over and saw Loolee 
eagerly sucking on a hard cock. What a sight!

Soon the girls moved to the bed and lay down, spreading their legs wide in open 
invitation. Larry and I got to go first, so I approached Amanda, my hard dick leading the 
way while Larry got between Loolees legs, feasting his eyes on her beautiful body. We 
each brought our cock heads to the entrance to those sweet pussies and pressed forward, 
feeling our erect penises sliding into their hot bodies. Oh damn that felt so good! I started 
thrusting and looked over to see Larry humping Loolee. Amanda pulled her legs up and 
back giving me the deepest penetration as I thrust into her. The feeling of her tight, hot 
pussy sliding around my hard cock was incredible. On top of that I could feel my balls 
banging on her ass with every stroke and her tits pressed against my chest. Knowing I 
was so fully and deeply inside her, no barriers, flesh to flesh and ready to shoot my seed 
deep inside her was wonderful. On top of that was the knowledge that I had 8 horny guys 
plus maybe Larry and Loolee watching me fuck this hot chick, knowing that soon they 
were going to watch me empty my balls in her pussy and that then they would get to do 
the same.

In some ways, this was like times Loolee and I had swung with Larry and Amanda 
before, the 2 girls side by side on the bed, Larry and I fucking them, but this time, there 
were 8 other men in the room, watching, waiting their turns! I looked over and watched 
Larry thrusting his cock into Loolee and grinned, knowing what each of them was 
enjoying: Larry in up to his balls enjoying my luscious Loolee, feeling her hot pussy 
wrapped around his dick, Loolee feeling him thrusting into her, knowing that soon she 
was going to feel him throbbing inside her as his hot cream exploded deep inside her. The 
sight of the copulating couple was incredibly erotic.

But my attention returned to my own penis thrusting into Amanda. I looked into her face 
to see the glaze of lust in her eyes as I fucked her. She was groaning and gasping in 
pleasure, thrusting back against me. I felt her buck through at least one orgasm, pressing 
up against me, her pussy spasming around my dick as she came. I was thrusting hard 
now, loving the feel of fucking this hot woman, knowing that soon I would be spurting 
inside her. Then I heard Larry ask, Are you ready? Im about to cum. Oh my god! I 
knew his penis must be swelling in his last strokes, that both of them were about to 
experience the explosion of his sperm into her pussy. And then he groaned, I could see 
his body jerking as he held himself deeply inside her and I knew he was shooting inside 
her! Finally he sighed in completion and pulled his wet cock from her. Loolee wiggled 
her hips saying Mmm-m, that was good! Then looking up at the eagerly waiting men 
she said, Next? while wiggling her hips in lewd invitation. Quickly one of the men 
approached, his dick sticking out rigidly from his crotch, eager to fuck. He crawled 
between her legs and quickly sank his shaft into her accompanied by a loud groan of 
pleasure and began fucking her.

Now my own orgasm was rapidly approaching. I could feel the familiar swelling 
sensation at the base of my cock. I groaned, Oh, Im gonna cum in you! Yes! Do it! 
Give me that cum! Amanda said. My rhythm broke when I was a few strokes away and 
then I felt the zip of the first jet of semen shooting through my cock into Amanda, Ah! 
Unh! Unh! I managed to verbalize as I felt my cock throbbing as it poured more and 
more of my cum into her. I could picture my cock jerking inside her, the sperm shooting 
into her, and knew the other men in the room could tell I was cumming in her, could 
probably see my balls bouncing with each contraction as I filled her. Finally I relaxed. 
Amanda said, Oh god I love cock! While I wanted to lay embedded in her savoring the 
post climax feelings, I knew the other men were eager to enjoy her hot pussy so I 
reluctantly pulled out and got off the bed.

I smiled kind of sheepishly at the other men and watched as one of them approached 
Amanda and quickly drove his erection into her waiting pussy and began fucking. So 
there we were, 8 naked men watching 2 couples fucking. Larry and I with temporarily 
satisfied wet, limp dicks (I was sort of playing with my balls) and 6 other guys with hard-
ons eager for their turn. It was so cool knowing this was real live sex, not a recording, not 
professionals. Also knowing these were basically total strangers, brand new cocks for the 
2 pussies, brand new pussies for the 2 cocks. And soon those balls would be emptying 
their sperm directly into the 2 women. And I could imagine the men, eagerly fucking 
these 2 hot ladies, feeling the sensations building in their dicks, knowing that they would 
soon be shooting deep inside. I watched both cocks sliding in and out of those 2 pussies, 
sperm laden balls slapping their asses on each stroke, listened to the squelching as they 
drove back and forth, the moans and groans of pleasure. Both men were fucking 
vigorously, clearly intent on the feeling of those tight pussies wrapped around them.

And then the man fucking Loolee cried, Oh shit, Im gonna cum! Oh, Ah-h-h! Oh take 
it, Im cumming! I could see the place behind his balls pulsing and knew that inside 
Loolee his cock was throbbing and pulsing as his sperm spurted from the end of his cock 
to join Larrys deep inside her pussy. He was enjoying that ultimate pleasure of releasing 
his cum into a beautiful woman. Finally he relaxed and pulled out. Loolee lay there, legs 
spread wide, her pussy gaping open, juices coating her ass. The next man eagerly moved 
forward, brought his hard dick to her pussy and sank easily and began fucking. Now the 
man fucking Amanda was clearly nearing his climax, thrusting vigorously until with a 
long grunt of pleasure he pushed hard, driving his dick deep inside and made tiny 
thrusting motions as he emptied his balls inside her before collapsing. Soon he pulled out 
and like Loolee, Amanda lay there, legs spread. I could see a little semen seeping out of 
her pussy as the next man moved forward and mounted her. Oh yes, fuck me! Amanda 
cried as he began thrusting, Give me that cock!

I watched as the 2 couples fucked. I walked around to view the action from different 
angles. The man fucking Amanda was raised up a bit so I could look down over her tits to 
her pussy and see his shaft plunging in and out with his balls hanging behind. From here I 
could watch the pleasure playing across the faces of all four. I could watch Loolees and 
Amandas faces contort and see them gasp as each shuddered through at least 2 orgasms. 
Soon, one after the other, these two men came, grunting and groaning as they shot their 
loads into the women. Three loads of hot cum from three different men in each pussy! As 
the next two men approached, the man with Loolee asked her to get on her hands and 
knees to which she readily complied. Now he approached her from behind, bringing the 
head of his cock to her dripping pussy and rubbed it up and down her slit, lubricating his 
head before plunging in with a groan.

From the foot of the bed I could see one man fucking Amanda missionary style, her legs 
spread wide, his ass rising and falling as he drove his cock in and out of her pussy, juices 
running down her ass to the bed. At the same time I could see the man fucking Loolee, 
his cock sliding back and forth into her, his balls hanging behind slapping her pussy. He 
was on his knees, thrusting into her, holding her ass as they fucked. Soon Loolee threw 
her head back and shuddered through another orgasm and I could imagine the feelings in 
the guys cock as her body shook and pushed back against him. It is such a wonderful 
feeling being embedded in a woman up to your balls, knowing you have just brought her 
such pleasure and that yours is not far off. He continued thrusting into her and now 
Loolee reached back between her legs and ran her fingers over his balls as he fucked her, 
saying Come on. Give me your cum. I want to feel it shooting into me. The man 
groaned, thrusting harder. Next to them Amanda was shuddering through another orgasm 
making little Unh, unh, unh sounds. That did it, the man fucking her cried Oh shit, Im 
cumming! and thrust into her with a long groan as he emptied his balls in her. Soon the 
man fucking Loolee said Oh yes, Im gonna cum. Oh get ready  Ah-h! as he ground 
against Loolees ass. She was cupping his balls urging him to empty them and responded, 
Oh yes, give it to me, all of it. Oh I can feel you cumming!

Finally both men relaxed and pulled out. Loolee flipped over onto her back and spread 
her legs in invitation. Both women now had semen dribbling out of their well used 
vaginas, running down the crack of their asses to the bed. The last 2 men now approached 
them and sank their eager shafts into the women and began fucking. They had been 
waiting quite a while, stroking themselves watching the hot action so it did not take either 
of them long and soon both of them were groaning in release.

Each of the men had now cum once and the girls had each taken 5 different cocks in their 
pussies which were now filled with sperm from 5 different pairs of testicles. Were they 
done? No! Loolee, legs spread wide and with a totally lewd and lascivious look on her 
face as she wiggled her hips, beckoned one of Amandas men to come fuck her. Amanda 
likewise beckoned for one of Loolees men. The first couple of men to fuck were already 
hard, stroking themselves watching the previous action, so they approached and eagerly 
slid their hard-ons into the waiting pussies. So these 2 lucky guys were now fucking their 
second new pussy of the night!

Loolee took one more man before declaring enough, Amanda 2 more. I watched all of the 
action as the women bucked and moaned through repeated orgasms, as each man fucked 
then groaned in release shooting his cum into a waiting pussy.

We thanked the men, and they thanked the women and us for a great evening. The men 
dressed and left leaving the 4 of us. The final score was Loolee 7 loads of cum from 7 
different men, Amanda 8 and 5 of the 8 men had gotten to cum in 2 different pussies.

It was now time for the finale. We decided for the last round we would do our own 
partners, so Loolee welcomed my erection into her pussy, while Larry mounted Amanda. 
Loolees pussy was so wet and juicy from all of the cum already inside her. I fucked with 
abandon, enjoying the sensations of her pussy massaging my cock, urging me to cum, 
imagining the other men this evening enjoying the same sensations. Before long I felt my 
cum building up and groaned, Oh, Im almost there Unh! and then I was cumming 
again, my penis throbbing as I pumped the last load of semen in Loolees pussy. I 
collapsed on top of her, enjoying the aftershocks of orgasm with my cock inside her. We 
lay joined together watching Larry and Amanda fucking until Larry groaned and came 
inside Amanda.

After a few minutes we all laughed at what a fun and outrageous evening it had been. We 
stood up and the girls had streams of semen running down their legs. The bed was soaked 
with sex juices. Larry and Amanda hit the showers first and when they were done, Loolee 
and I showered. The girls said they still felt all squishy inside  no wonder!

Loolees Story: Preparation

Im a performer: I love performing, I love the attention, whether performing on stage, in 
bit parts in movies, or doing the amateur night at a local strip club which BadBoy has 
described in a previous story. Badboy has given the basic outline of our 2 girl gang bang 
above. This is the story from my perspective.

I love sex, the lust and desire of a man, my ability to make him hard for me, the feeling of 
his cock thrusting into me, the feeling of it pulsing as he shoots his sperm into me, and 
the delicious warm, wet feeling inside after he has cum. I like being able to turn a man 
on, make him want me so badly. I like to give that tremendous pleasure and I like to 
make a man completely lose control, to be able to stoke and then satisfy that lust. So 
combine my love of performing, the attention, and my love of sex, well what do you 
expect? In college I would bring my boy friend back to my dormitory room and screw 
him with my roommate present in her own bed!

When I met BadBoy, I had been in a limited sex relationship and I really wanted to get 
out and explore the limits of my sexuality. Boy did we! BadBoy himself was insatiable, 
but also very open minded, which led to our participation in several swinging adventures, 
a couple of orgies, and my performance at amateur night at the strip club. But I had 
always fantasized about a gang bang with a room full of men all hard and eager to fuck 
me. When we swung with Larry and Amanda and Amanda said that they had done a gang 
bang for her which she really loved, I got really excited about the idea and we decided to 
do a two girl gang bang as described above.

I was so excited with anticipation, discussing the logistics and how we would do it, and 
then going on-line and looking at all the eager hot studs on the swingers web site. I was 
like a kid in the candy store imaging each of them fucking me, my pussy spasming 
around his pounding cock and then him groaning in release as he spewed his seed into 
me. And the idea that a room full of horny men would be watching me was SO exciting! 
Knowing that they would see each man fucking me, cumming in me, and either 
anticipating the same for themselves, or re-living it as they watched. Oh, all those men: 
some handsome, so not so much, some hairy (ew, I dont like too much hair) or almost 
hairless (well, I do like some hair!), short, tall, fat (sorry, no thanks), skinny, etc. And 
different sized dicks: short, long, thin, fat, straight, crooked. Oh my! What choices!

And then it started to get real as I narrowed the list down and then it was time for the 
final screening, meeting the candidates in person. Oh my gosh, I so wet thinking about it. 
This was 2 strangers meeting with the express purpose to decide if we were going to get 
together and fuck. Badboy accompanied me to each meeting. Badboy and the candidates 
discussed the logistics and rules, but the candidate and I were sizing each other up: What 
would it be like to fuck this total stranger (in front of a room full of other strangers)? 
What would it be like feeling him between my legs, inside me, holding him? And of 
course throughout the process we were texting back and forth with Larry and Amanda, 
sharing our choice of studs and generally being 2 super excited sluts.

Once we had my 4 studs selected, it was on to clothing. I was going to be a bit more 
conservative, but Badboy egged me on, Come on, you are going to do a gangbang with a 
bunch of strangers. This is the time to dress and look as slutty as possible. Oh yeah, let 
my inner slut loose! We looked at different options, like the corset I wore the first time 
we got together with Larry and Amanda, but we decided something easier to get out of 
was called for on this occasion.

And then it was gang bang day! Oh my god, I had butterflies the size eagles in my belly: 
nervous, excited, and more. We checked into the hotel and soon Larry and Amanda 
joined us. We were all talking about how excited we were, how slutty we were going to 
be, each fucking 5 different men, 4 total strangers in one evening! The guys were pretty 
excited thinking about fucking us and watching us getting fucked  their own live sex 
show!

Amanda and I worked together putting on nail polish, make-up, and lipstick, each trying 
to out-do the other for slutty. We wanted to look and feel like total sluts tonight, and to 
turn all of the guys on, make it a real night to remember. Then it was time to put our 
clothes on. I felt so naughty with such a short skirt and no underwear, my naked pussy 
barely concealed, my breasts swelling up and out, begging to be played with. And 
Amanda looked hot! Her legs flashed between the slits of her skirt, almost up to her 
crotch, her nipples partially visible through the fabric of her top, and her breasts clearly 
visible when she bent over. Yeah, there was no doubt we were 2 sluts out to get pounded 
tonight!

Once we were ready we all headed downstairs. We were definitely eye-catching, the 
other patrons (& bar tender) quickly noticed us and stared. I did my best provocative 
walk through the bar. I quickly recognized two of the men, one of my selections whom I 
had met and one of Amandas whose picture I had seen. We each walked up to them and 
I met my man in as blatantly sexual a way as I could, pressing myself against him, 
grinding my crotch against him, and looking up into his eyes with a sultry smile as I 
welcomed him. Parting, I let my hand run across his crotch giving a little squeeze. I then 
gave the same greeting to Amandas man as she greeted mine. Oh, I could feel his penis 
getting hard as I ground against him and could feel myself getting wet in return!

Once our initial greetings were over, BadBoy & Larry quickly checked the mens STD 
test results and gave them tokens and the room number. As we waited for the rest of the 
men to trickle in, Amanda and I made sure to give the men a little show. She would bend 
over giving them a view down her top of her naked breasts, while I would sit on a stool 
and spread my legs giving them a view of my bare pussy.

As the other men drifted in, Amanda and I gave each them a similar warm, sexual 
greeting. At one point with most of the men present I made sure to bend over to pick 
something up, causing my skirt to hike up revealing most of my naked ass and pussy to 
the group. I guess it was pretty obvious to anyone else watching who was thinking at all, 
what we were up to this evening, the way we were dressed and the way we were greeting 
each of the men!

Once the last man had arrived and been checked in, we headed to the elevator to head 
upstairs. Oh this was fun! Two scantily clad sluts tightly packed into an elevator with a 
bunch of men who knew that soon they would be fucking us! I wiggled my butt against 
one mans crotch, felt another mans hand running along my pussy lips, while someone 
else had a hand on my breasts! Each of my hands was running over a mans crotch, 
feeling their swelling hardness, hardness meant for me, for my pussy! And then we were 
out of the elevator and into the room.

Loolees Story: Gang Bang

We were all in the room and knew what was about to happen: Lots of sex! Amanda and I 
had decided we would start with a little girl-girl dance and dirty talk for the guys. We 
started with a soft, passionate kiss, our tongues exploring each others mouths as we 
rubbed our bodies against each other. It turned me on feeling her tits rubbing against 
mine (even through the material) and as we ground our crotches together she lifted my 
skirt giving everyone a clear view of my naked ass. I returned the favor, pulling her slit 
skirt aside showing off her thong underwear. She whispered (in a loud enough voice to 
ensure the men heard), Oh I am so horny. My pussy is aching for cock! I responded, 
Yes, I want to feel a mans sperm spurting deep inside me! My pussy is wet.

With that we separated and began to do a little dance, undulating our hips, looking as 
sexy and sultry as we could. I ran a hand up my legs, lifting my skirt and running a finger 
along my slit. Amanda was squeezing her breasts as she moved. Now we danced over to 
the (standing) men and invited them to run their hands over our bodies as we teased them, 
looking into their eyes, kissing them, running our hands over their bodies: chest to crotch, 
feeling their swelling erections, talking to them, telling them we wanted their cocks, their 
cum in our pussies. Their touch on my legs, breasts, ass, pussy sent shivers through my 
body as I moved from man to man. Soon neither Amanda nor I could stand it any longer 
and we invited the men to help us remove our clothes. That didnt take long and soon we 
were dancing naked, showing them the hot female bodies they were about to enjoy.

Now we told the men to get naked, show us what they had. Amanda and I were just about 
drooling (on both ends!) in anticipation! The men needed no urging and soon the room 
was filled with us 2 naked women (still in our slutty best make-up!) and 10 naked men, 
most of them at least partially hard! At least 5 for each of us. Mm-m-m, what a sight! 
Amanda and I immediately got on our knees and started sucking. I picked one of my men 
while she picked one of hers and we started licking their cocks, running our fingers over 
their scrotums holding their sperm producing testicles. My man was soon moaning and 
groaning in pleasure and I could feel his cock rapidly swelling in my mouth until he was 
rock hard, his penis standing straight out from his crotch, erect and ready to do its job. I 
ran my tongue along the large tube on the underside one more, time, licked the head and 
moved on to the next man. I sucked each man, each new cock, to hardness one at a time, 
playing with their balls, licking and sucking their cocks. As I did this, the men were 
running their hands over me, massaging my breasts, rolling my nibbles, reaching under 
my ass between my legs and fingering my clit and pussy. Oo-h yeah! Love those strong 
masculine hands on my body! The last man was Larry. Well this was a cock I had sucked 
before, a cock I had fucked a few times. I sucked and licked him, licked his balls until he 
was hard and ready to fuck. It was time!

I led Larry back to the bed just as Amanda was leading Badboy to the bed, his dick also 
standing at attention. Amanda and I crawled onto the bed and lay down on our backs 
spreading our legs wide, showing off our eager pussies for the men. Come on Larry, 
fuck me with that hard dick! Fuck me and shoot your sperm into me I said. Larry 
grinned and moved forward onto his knees between my legs. And then he leaned forward, 
bringing the head into contact with my pussy lips. Oh yes! He rubbed it up and down 
even though I was dripping and his cock was wet with my saliva, and then he pressed 
forward sliding part way into me. He pulled back and pressed forward further, deeper into 
my vagina. One more time and I felt his pubic bone grind against mine, his balls nestled 
against my ass, his cock pulsing inside my vagina, stretching me, filling me. He growled 
and began thrusting, fucking me. Oh yes! I pulled my legs up and back to give him the 
deepest penetration. Next to me I could see Badboy embedded in Amanda, beginning to 
fuck, his ass rising and falling as her thrust his cock into her. Enjoy the ride. Give her a 
big squirt of your cum I thought to myself and then returned to the feeling of Larrys 
cock in my pussy. I knew all of the men had a clear sight of Larrys cock stroking in and 
out of my pussy, just as they could see Badboys cock thrusting into Amanda. No 
condoms, raw flesh on flesh, natural sex. Two hard cocks getting ready to shoot hot live 
sperm from their testicles into our waiting cunts. Mother nature trying to impregnate us 
(which was not going to happen!). Im sure they were imagining the feelings building in 
Larry and Badboys cocks as they fucked us.

And then I lost myself in the sensations in my pussy. The feeling of Larrys cock probing 
deep inside me, stretching me, his balls banging my ass, her chest mashing my breasts. 
The feeling of my pussy wrapped around that hard cock was fantastic, I had to get more 
of it and thrust up to meet his strokes. On the in stroke the head of his cock was rubbing 
my G spot, each thrust pulled my hood over my clitoris, stimulating me further. I was 
gasping and moaning in pleasure as he stroked into me and I could feel the sensations 
building in my vagina until suddenly I was bucking on his stiff rod, making these animal 
grunting sounds as I came, pushing my pussy up hard onto his shaft. I was a wild animal 
in heat being mated, begging her stallion to inseminate her. And soon Larry complied. As 
my orgasm passed he asked if I was ready, he was about to cum.

Oh my god yes! I wanted, I needed to feel that cock pulsing inside me as it spewed its 
precious load. Yes! Give it to me, cum in me I said, I want to feel your cum splashing 
inside my cunt. With that Larry groaned and pushed hard against me. I pushed back to 
drive him deep inside me and felt a massive pulse as he started to cum. He was making 
little thrusting motions, still fucking but keeping his cock buried deep inside me as he 
grunted his pleasure. I could feel his cock throbbing and the warmth and wetness deep 
inside of his semen in my pussy as his cock continued to shoot into me. Finally he 
relaxed and collapsed on top of me, his cock still twitching. After catching his breath, he 
pulled out and got off me. I lay there on my back, legs spread wide so all could see my 
freshly fucked pussy.

I wiggled my hips and said as seductively as I could, Next? One of my men quickly 
approached, his hard cock pointing the way to my pussy, his full balls hanging beneath. 
Rapidly crawling between my legs he brought his cock to my pussy  the touch was 
electric. And then he was sliding in with a satisfied groan until I felt his balls on my ass. 
He immediately began moving, fucking me, muttering, Damn! You are so fucking hot! 
God I want to cum in you, fill you with my sperm! Then I heard Badboy next to me 
telling Amanda .Oh, Im gonna cum in you! Yes! Do it! Give me that cum! she cried 
and then he thrust into her making Unh! Unh! Unh! sounds as each contraction 
wracked his body and he shot his semen into her. When he finished she declared, Oh 
god I love cock! Soon her first new man was sinking his hard dick into her and fucking 
her next to me. We each now had total strangers balls deep in our pussies fucking us.

I was soon bucking and moaning through another orgasm as I rode this strangers cock. 
Before long I could tell he was nearing his climax from the way his thrusting increased 
and his body tensed, and then gasping through a final frantic few strokes before lunging 
into me with a groan and I could feel his penis throbbing as he ejaculated deep inside me, 
adding more warmth and wetness in my pussy. When he pulled out I could feel some of 
the combined semen leaking out, running down the crack of my ass. Oh I was so juicy 
and full of cum. The next man quickly mounted me and began fucking.

I lost track of how many times I came on which cock. The evening turned into a blur of 
pounding cocks, orgasm and after orgasm roaring through my body, and the groans of 
men as their cocks spurted inside me. Amanda and I looked at each other occasionally 
and grinned but mostly we just concentrated on the feelings in our pussies as the men 
screwed us again and again. I remember one man wanted to do me doggy style and that 
was a nice change up. I remember feeling his belly slapping against my ass, him grabbing 
my ass as he drove into me, and his balls banging my pussy on each stroke. I reached 
back between my legs and let his balls slide across my fingers with each stroke. It was so 
hot feeling where we were connected, his shaft sliding into my body. When he came I 
massaged his balls and could feel him pulsing as his body pumped his sperm from his 
balls through his penis and into my waiting cunt.

Later I remember when the last of my men blasted his load into me. I was still enjoying 
the naughtiness of our escapade and looked at one of Amandas men and coyly beckoned 
him over for a session with me, his second new pussy of the evening. He had been one of 
her first, so he had had a bit of time to recover while watching the other men screwing us 
and had stroked his cock back to a full erection by the time I invited him to do me. He 
wasted no time and was soon balls deep in my pussy fucking me. After he came, I took 
one more of Amandas men but when he was done I decided I had had enough. I was 
beginning to get sore from the constant pounding, I was tired from all of the orgasms, and 
there was a steady stream of semen pouring out of my well fucked cunt.

After Amanda had the last man she could handle the men got dressed and we all thanked 
each other for a spectacular evening before they left, leaving just Badboy, Larry, Amanda 
and I. We decided one last fuck with our partners so Badboy mounted me while Larry 
mounted Amanda. I just enjoyed feeling Badboy so connected to me, moving in me and 
then he was cumming, sending the last load of sperm into me for the evening. What a pair 
of sluts! We all showered, dressed, checked out and headed home. The bed was a mess 
when we left, two huge wet spots, drenched in semen. I wondered what the cleaning 
ladies would make of that the next day! I had taken so much cum that even after the 
shower I had semen oozing out of my pussy.

