Red Pixie Gets Spied On
byChrisyCrossy©

My neighbour is out on her patio, sunbathing again. This time, however, she is wearing a new pink bikini that I haven't seen before. The tiny bikini is candy pink and looks fabulous against her smooth, pale skin.

The upper room of my house looks over my neighbour's back yard. They have a large patio that surrounds a pool. The terrace is protected by a green hedge and a six-foot-high black fence. I'm not sure that they know that I can look in at them from my upper room - or perhaps they do, and the neighbour's wife likes showing off.

I don't know my neighbour's names. I call the wife "Red Pixie" as she has beautiful, luscious red hair and the smoothest clear complexion. I have always had a thing for red-heads, and I love gazing at my neighbour's wife.

Red Pixie is kneeling on her sun lounger. She lies back on the lounger and spreads her legs slightly. My God, that bikini bottom is small: it is Microminimus sized.

The sun lounger is in the far corner of their patio, and Red Pixie is facing away from her house. The backrest of the lounger is raised slightly, and Red Pixie has elevated her feet onto the headrest.

She must know that when she lies like that she is facing directly at me.

Red Pixie has a gorgeous figure. As she raises her arms to grasp her large white Panama hat, I can see that she has painted her finger and toenails with white nail polish. From what I can see, Red Pixie is beautifully groomed. That tiny bikini bottom doesn't hide very much, and I cannot see any body hair on her glowing skin.

Red Pixie rolls over and gets on her hands and knees. I didn't realize that the bikini is a thong! Red Pixie raises her sweet arse directly at me. God, she has beautiful skin. She takes care of herself. I have once seen her working out at the local beach.

Red Pixie's Panama hat has fallen off, and this allows me to see her beautiful red hair. I could watch Red Pixie bask in the sun all day. I hope she is wearing sunscreen as I wouldn't want her to burn that lovely fair skin of hers. I would willingly volunteer to rub sunscreen all over her sexy body.

It must be getting hot in the sun because Red Pixie gets up and takes a dip in her pool. I see, for a moment, that the string of her bikini bottom has slipped down.

Red Pixie gets out of the pool and decides to lie down on the patio tiles next to the pool. Her left leg is still dipped in the pool. Red Pixie has adjusted her bikini top. She has turned the small triangles covering her firm boobs into the smallest strips that only just cover her nipples.

Oh My God! Red Pixie has slid the bikini off her tits. I see, for the first time, her wonderfully hard pink nipples. I can't hold off any more so I get fully naked and start stroking my hard cock. It crosses my mind, for the first time, that maybe Red Pixie knows that I am watching her.

I see Red Pixie's gorgeously firm tits, and I love seeing her very suckable hard, pink nipples. I use my other hand to graze my own hard nipples. A long time ago, I had both nipples pierced, and I now wear large nipples rings all the time. Getting my nipples pierced was one of the best decisions I ever made. My nipples are permanently hard, and they are always very sensitive.

Red Pixie sits up and turns to face her house. Hubby is home and walks out onto the patio. He is carrying a professional-looking camera.

I can't believe it. Red Pixie removes her thong. I can see her lovely pink, hairless pussy. My breathing slows as I continue to stroke my hard cock. Red Pixie lies back on the tiles as hubby kneels down between her legs.

Hubby starts licking Red Pixie's gorgeous pussy. I hear a slight moan when it looks like he focuses his attention on Red Pixie's hard pink clitoris.

It doesn't take long for hubby to bring his beautiful wife to an earth-shattering orgasm. Red Pixie is writhing around on the patio tiles. I hope she doesn't bruise her elbows! I wouldn't want anything to blemish her beautiful skin.

Hubby has removed his trousers and lies over Red Pixie. I know what is going to happen next, but time seems to stand still. Hubby lowers himself onto a very willing Red Pixie. This time the moan I hear is louder as hubby plunges his hard cock into Red Pixie's slick pussy.

I watch, transfixed, as my sexy neighbours make love in the sun just below my window.

Red Pixie has a second orgasm just as I have my own. Hot cum squirts out of my cock as I watch Red Pixie scrunch up her face and let out the slightest of moans.

Hubby plunges into his wife one last time, and it is evident to me that he is filling his wife with his hot seed.

Hubby pulls out, and I get to see Red Pixie's glistening wet pussy. I stand back for my window but catch the slightest glance for Red Pixie as she looks up at me.

She knows I know she knows!


