 Story Codes: inc MF panties cum

   NOTE THE FIRST STORY CODE.  This story series revolves around consensual
sex between adult members of the same family.  If that bothers you, you
should stop reading now.

   Language notes: Occasionally I use Korean words here where I feel it
captures the feelings better.  Here are the translations for words used in
this story.  Oppa: Older brother Jal ga!: Bye!  Pyeontae: Pervert

Minjun practically dove into the back of the taxi he had hailed outside his house. He rattled off the address to the English lecture hall and then sat back in the chair. He was so dead. Not only was he missing a pop quiz right now in class, but he was missing it because he'd just had sex with his sister. He looked down at his crotch to see his erection had only barely faded and quickly shifted his bag to conceal the bulge from the taxi driver. It wasn't technically sex, he supposed, but it was close enough. There certainly had been a lot of cum involved, even if he hadn't actually fucked her. The vision of cum running down her flat stomach to soak into her lime-green thong restored what little hardness he had lost in the stress of rushing to class. Not only had they fucked, but she had made it clear she didn't want this to be a one-time thing. "So dead." he muttered to himself, but he couldn't stop himself from rubbing the stiff bulge filling his pants.

---

Jieun stood admiring the mess Minjun had made of her. For his second orgasm in 20 minutes, it had been pretty copious. The cool wetness stretching down from the waistband of her thong had come through her black bush and met the wetness being spread from her gushing pussy. Her fingers had kept busy from the moment Minjun had jumped up to answer his phone, pressing her panties into her wetness until most of the crotch had turned a dark green. She scooped up the last large glob of white cum, caught on her pert nipple, and raised it to her lips. But she paused at the last moment. Slowly, she lowered the cum-covered finger and slipped it inside the panties.

Her finger hovered above her clit as she quivered with forbidden anticipation. Then she pressed it into her slit and let a loud, rutting groan as her knees buckled. She barely caught herself on the door as the orgasm washed over her. Her fingers flew across her pussy, mixing her brother's cum with the flood of cream coming from her pussy. She knelt, exhausted, and rested her head against the mirror. She looked down inside her panties and smiled at the soggy mess they had become. If she thought she could get away with it, she would wear them to class. But someone might notice the smell. She stood shakily and stripped off the panties before tossing them onto her bed. Just because she couldn't wear them out of the house, didn't mean she couldn't wear them once she got back home. She made her way to the bathroom for her second shower of the morning, a sensual smile spreading across her face as she plotted the night.

---

The whole day was a confusing, twisted blur for Minjun. Ms. Angela had been kind enough to let him take the quiz over lunch, but he was certain he'd bombed it. The quiz was a conversation about shopping for clothes, and the only article of clothing on his mind was a lime-green thong soaked with his cum. And his afternoon classes were all so dull that he typically spent the time daydreaming anyway. This time, he'd had to will himself not to openly jack off as visions of jizz running down his sister's tits filled his mind. He'd slipped away twice to the bathroom, but it seemed like the more he came, the harder he got. By dinner, he'd realized he didn't trust himself to go home. He was far too horny. Better to settle into a local coffee shop, intent on pounding espresso shots all night and trying to clear his head. As picked up the tall cup of coffee, his phone buzzed.

Coming home? The words seemed to jump off the screen.

"Fuck, I'm dead." He said under his breath as he typed his reply.

Sorry, I have a big project due in English class. I'm pulling an all nighter.

Bullshit, Hyolim is in your class. Come home now.

I just ordered a coffee, I'll leave after I finish.

He sipped slowly at the venti coffee before him. He could milk at least an hour, maybe two out of this. A minute passed, then two. If he played his cards right, maybe he could drag this out till she fell asleep. His phone buzzed several times in quick succession and he unlocked the phone.

We are talking about this morning, and we're doing it today. If you don't come home, we'll do it in the coffee shop.

He thought his face couldn't get any whiter, then she sent a picture. The lime-green thong was mostly dry, but anybody with half a brain could tell what had happened to it.

And I'll bring all three of your toys along...

He stared at his phone, defeated.

Fine, let me finish my coffee.

You have 30 minutes.

He set his phone down and sighed at his coffee cup. "I'm so fucked."

--

"Cutting it close." His sister sat at the table, her purse and a plastic CU Mart bag on the table. Even through the fear of what would happen, he golden zipper that ran down the front of her black dress peeling back to reveal the skin he'd cum all over that morning. He willed himself to focus on the table instead in an attempt to regain his thoughts. The plastic bag was turned towards the door and inside he could see the dirty white and navy panties jumbled together with a hint of green at the back.

He dropped his bag and sat down in one motion. "Jieun, I'm so...." She cut him off.

"Why. And don't tell me it's because you're a pervert. You never did this at home. Why?"

"Jieun, I..." He swallowed hard to buy time, "It just happened."

"It just happened." She replied sarcastically. "You just happened to wander into my room naked where you happened to open my underwear drawer. At which point, by some freak chance my green thong leaped out of the drawer, wrapped itself around your cock, and jacked you off. Oh yes, I knew. I knew from day 1. You didn't do the best job of hiding it, just like you're not doing the best job of answering my question."

He grimaced. "You knew?"

"My question first. Why have you been taking my panties and jacking off in them?" Minjun looked down. "Look, I have photos of all 3 pair. What do you think Mom and Dad would say if I sent them? Answers now, honest ones, or I'll start explaining to Dad why I need my own pl..."

"You're sexy." He interrupted her. "Before you came to university, you were just my kid sister. But now, every time I see you face, I want to kiss you. Every time I catch a glimpse of your bra, all I can think about is your nipples.  Your legs and butt give me an instant hard-on. So when I started catching glimpses of your panties, it drove me crazy. The first time, I almost came in my pants. That's why." Horror spread across Minjun's face as he realized he'd spoken aloud. The silence beat against his eardrums.

After what seemed an eternity, Jieun spoke. "If you don't want me to tell mom and dad, there are 3 rules you have to follow. I've never let you take anything out of my room before without asking, there's no reason for that to change. And you can't keep stealing my panties and letting them steep in that brew of cum and cologne you've been concocting for days on end." She pulled the navy and white panties out of the bag and pointed to a beige splotch across the ass of the white pair. "If these had been washed right away, even just in the shower, this wouldn't be there. But since they've soaked for 3 days..." He looked away. "It'll come out, but if you keep doing it, they'll be ruined by summer. And it's already going to be awkward explaining to mom and dad that I need more money for clothes this summer because I spent it all on lacy panties and thongs. I can't take the money I squeeze out of them in July and use it to replace panties that got destroyed by my horny brother."

He slowly followed the implications of what she was saying. Rules meant she wasn't going to turn him in to mom and dad. Unless she was setting him up. But it seemed unlikely from her body language. And the last bit even sounded like she intended to let him keep using her panties. Her first finger shot up, bringing him back to the present.

"First, if you take my panties, you need to ask first and you need to put my panties back where you found them after you're finished. No more biology experiments in your desk drawer." Her second finger came up. "Second, I showed you this morning how I want you jacking off with my panties, and I meant it. But, if I'm not here or something and you have to do it solo, you owe me. Big. A favor of my choice at a later date. That's retroactive, by the way. 23 days, 23 times. It's going to take you a while to dig your way out."

"What favor?" He said warily.

"Oh, nothing special. Homework, cleaning the whole house, showing your little sister all the best DVD bangs and love motels in the area, wearing my cummed in panties to class."

"What?!"

"I'll remind you that I have photos. Photos that could easily make their way home. We aren't negotiating here, oppa. I'm telling you how this is going to work. You have two options. Do what I say or explain to dad why my panties have your cum on them. For 3 weeks, you stole from me. You will repay me." He hung his head, looking at her crossed legs in defeat. She uncrossed her legs slowly and lifted the hem of her dress slowly. His eyes went wide as she revealed the green thong she'd worn this morning. "Besides, it's not so bad wearing cummy panties."

He shifted uncomfortably as his rapidly inflating cock got trapped against his leg by his pants. "Jieun! Did you wear those all day?" He gasped

"No, because they stink of cologne and yesterday's cum. Hence, rule number 1. Put my panties back where you found them when you're done with them." His mind spun. "You weren't the only one frustrated by your phone ringing this morning, oppa." Her hand traced suggestively up her leg and across her panties. "Phones off tonight, I won't be interrupted again."

His eyes rolled back as she reached out to brush the bulge in his pants. Holy shit, she wanted to do it again! Maybe they could go further this time. Maybe he could... The thought died on the vine, along with his erection, with the same realization that had nearly killed his erection this morning. "I... I still don't have condoms."

"What the fuck, oppa!" She looked at him like he was from Mars. "What exactly did you think was going to happen when you got here?"

"I... I didn't know, I thought you'd be mad and tell me to never do it again."

"What?!" She exploded. "Oh, yeah right. Oppa, you know how I've been letting you steal my panties and jack off in them every morning, then sneaking into the room after you left and using them to masturbate. And you know how you caught me doing it this morning and I made you cum all over my tits and let it run down into my panties? Yeah, even though we both had amazing orgasms doing that, let's never do it again." She picked her navy panties off the table. "I figured you'd be dumb enough to do this and debated about how to handle it." The panties dangled from her finger. "Should I use one of the 23 favors you owe me to send you condom-hunting in these?" They dropped to the floor as she reached for her purse. "But you might balk, leaving me with just my vibrator for the night." A square box appeared from her purse. "Do you have any idea how embarrassing it is for a girl to walk into a store and buy a box of condoms? Rule number 3: Quit being a pussy and take a bit of responsibility. The only sex things I'm buying from now on are lingerie, you buy the condoms and lube and toys and stuff." The blood had rushed back into his cock, restoring the large tent in his jeans. She tossed the condoms on his lap and stood. "I'll be in my room. I trust you can figure these out." She turned and walked towards her room, unzipping the dress as she did. With a shrug, the dress fell the the ground right outside her door, revealing her smooth back and thonged ass. The sight of the thin, green strip of fabric disappearing between her tight, round cheeks nearly made him cum in his pants. She looked back over her shoulder and smiled. "Don't take too long or I'll have to start without you."

The door closed with a soft thud that sounded thunderous amidst the blood rushing to Minjun's head. Holy shit, she wants to fuck. We're going to fuck! He stood and fumbled with his belt and zipper. His mind raced as he imagined what was to cum, literally. The next thing he knew, he was standing at his sister's door. His rigid cock jutting out lewdly towards the dark stained wood, the only thing standing between him and his sister. He looked at the box of condoms in his hand and then at the handle. A bead of clear pre-cum dripped from his cock and onto the black dress beneath his feet. Once he opened that door, there was no turning back.  He wouldn't be able to stop, and from what Jieun had said, she wouldn't want him to. They would spend the rest of their lives as perverts. If anyone found out, they'd be dead. Worse than dead, because they'd be shamed forever. His hand trembled over the door handle, agonizing over a decision he knew deep down had been made 3 weeks ago.

His sister lay on her bed, vibrator drifting across her nipples. "I told you I'd start without you."

"Are you sure about this? Once we do this..." He stepped slowly into the room

"I'm sure." She turned, spreading herself wide before him.

"But if anybody found out." His gaze settled on the green thong, focused on the tufts of black hair protruding from the hem. Maybe he could get her to trim it like the girls in the videos...

"Then we don't tell anybody." She locked her eyes on the pre-cum dripping monster swaying towards her, smiling wantonly as she imagined it inside her.

"But..." He paused, just out of reach.

"Shut up. I've thought about this for 3 weeks now. Why do you think I stopped wearing bras and started wearing short skirts all the time in the house? I want this. I want you. Don't you want this too?" Her fingers traced one of several long damp streaks that ran from the waistband down to the growing damp spot he could see between her legs.

"Yes." The word was strained.

She slowly pulled the green fabric to the side, revealing her hooded clit. "Then come and get it."

He stepped up, pausing at the edge of her bed. "I'm pretty close, I want to cum in your mouth first." He blushed slightly, "Is... that OK?"

She slinked up to the edge of the bed, stopping when his cock rested against her forehead. "My big brother wants to cum in my mouth? You promise to fuck your sister's pussy with your rock hard cock after she finishes swallowing all your hot, sticky cum?" He nodded, the tension broiling in his balls had brought him almost to tears.

She tilted her head and slowly ran her tongue up the bottom of his shaft until she reached the tip, then swallowed all 9 inches in one gulp. Minjun grunted as she worked his shaft with her tongue and lips. Her sloppy slurping sounds reminded him of all his favorite porn movies. "Jesus, Jieun. I'm going to cum." He groaned as her lips and hand flew up and down his cock.

This morning, that announcement had brought her ministrations to a halt. But now, she redoubled her efforts. Her reward followed quickly as she felt him tense and thrust forward half a second before the first salty blast hit the back of her throat. The blasts filled her mouth as she slid his cock out until just the head sat between her lips. Her hand stroked the hot treasure faster and faster from his throbbing cock. The jets subsided, just in time for Jieun. Too much more and she would have choked or had to spit some out, and she didn't want to do either.

She let his cock free from her lips and looked up at him, holding her mouth open. She flicked her tongue through the massive load in her mouth a few times for him before swallowing the load. Then, she smiled up at him and then looked down at his still hard dick. "Holy shit, you've come 3 times today and you're still hard!"

"5 times. I had to jack off twice between classes."

"How many times can you cum?" She ran her finger along the base, still slick with cum and spit.

"The most was 6 times one Saturday, but that was just using porn."

"So... Never with a girl."

"Most girls didn't want to do it more than once." He said sheepishly.

"Most girls are apparently stupid." She slid back on to the bed and he followed her, crawling onto the bed. He ran his fingers down her legs as he bent down near the green fabric covering her pussy. The intoxicating scent of her sex mingled with his cum as he admired the stains streaming down from the waistband from this morning, reaching towards the dampness spreading from her slit. His fingers traced up her thighs and across her belly towards her nipples as his tongue flicked across her wet spot. It tasted salty, and he knew why instantly. He loved her thongs, and every time he stole them he gave them an extra thorough treatment. When he'd taken this pair two days ago, he came in them 3 times. The wetness pouring out of his sister was mixing with and drawing out the taste of his cum. He found it strangely arousing to think that he was tasting his own cum on his sister's snatch and redoubled his efforts. 

Jieun's head rocked back as a moan escaped her lips. Between his fingers rolling her nipples between them and his tongue's assault on the fabric wall hiding her pussy, she was in heaven. She wanted to rip her panties off, literally, and take him inside her immediately, but the building ecstasy kept her paralyzed. Probably for the better, it'd be hard to explain if she got pregnant her first month at university. She felt his hand grab her ass, kneading her tight cheeks as he licked at her slit through the soaked cotton. She reached down and pulled her panties aside and grunted with each flick of his tongue across her swollen clit.

"Get that fucking condom on, now." She begged as she gasped for breath. He fumbled quickly with the wrapper and slid the latex onto his rigid dick. He slipped between her legs and looked down as she held her panties to one side, giving him access to her dripping cunt. "Fuck me, oppa." He slid the tip of his cock across her clit and down to her pussy, then pushed gently into her. Her tight pussy pushed back briefly as he slipped inside before enveloping his sheathed cock. The groaned together as he paused about halfway in. 

"Holy shit. You're tight, sis." Her eyes were still rolled back in ecstasy, and could only groan in response. He pulled back and then pushed back in, sinking further in. Each thrust settled deeper and deeper until he felt his balls resting against her skin, where he paused.

Jieun grasped at the blanket as he drew in and out of her. She inhaled and exhaled as she felt her pussy emptying and filling. When he paused deep inside her, she rolled her eyes forward and looked up at him. "I'm all the way inside you." He groaned.

"Ungh." She grunted in response. "Don't stop, I want to cum all over your cock." He nodded and began thrusting again. She felt heat and light building between her legs, with each thrust carrying her closer and closer to the edge. The warmth grew larger and larger, barely contained, until a thrust released it in a flood. Convulsions seized her as a flood of stickiness gushed around his hardness and began to coat Minjun's balls. Minjun kept pounding her pussy as she thrashed beneath him, extending her orgasm. The waves subsided and Minjun eased his pace. "Oh my God. Minjun, that was amazing." She grabbed the back of his head and sat up to kiss him passionately. Their tongues met and flicked between them before she broke the kiss. "I've never cum like that before."

"Really?" He had paused again halfway into her.

"The other guy came too quickly." Her fingers came up to twist her nipples, keeping her quite aroused.

He began rocking in and out slightly. "The other guy?"

Her flushed face took on a deeper red as she blushed. "I... Hyolim and I met him in Hongdae. Hyolim let me take him and she took his two friends."

"She took his two friends?!" Minjun paused. He'd known Hyolim from high school, they were in the same grade and had come to Seoul together last year. She was Jieun friend, not his, so they weren't really close. He hadn't realized she was that freaky.

Jieun pouted. "Yeah. He almost came putting the condom on. Hyolim said her two went for 3 hours."

Minjun pushed back in until he bottomed out, drawing a gasping smile from her. "Let's try a new position. Why don't you get on top of me." He slid himself out slowly and she felt empty without him inside. He laid on his back and gestured towards his cock. She smiled and slipped her thong off.

"We'll stretch out the fabric." She said as he frowned. "Here, you pervert." She held the soaked panties over his nose and dropped them, the crawled on top of him. She reached down, grabbed his rigid cock, and slid him into her, savoring the expansion of her pussy as he filled her.

As she settled herself onto his cock, he took the panties and held them between them. Her eyes were closed as he filled her, but he admired the crotch. The whole gusset was a wet green, several long strands of clear liquid dangled from it. He'd never tasted a woman's cum before. Not like this, anyway. His sister had apparently cum as much as he usually did. He the wettest part into his mouth, just as she looked down at him. "Ah, pyeontae." She said, starting to bounce up and down on his cock. "Do I taste good, oppa?"

He slurped loudly, and then took the panties out of his mouth. "Want to try?" She slapped him, then smiled seductively.

"I know what I taste like, oppa. Unlike you, I clean up after myself." He blushed as she bounced faster. "It's OK. If you were cleaner, we wouldn't be doing this right now. My dirty brother."

Then she grabbed the panties and thrust them into her mouth as she began twerking her ass, jerking back and forth on his cock faster and faster. Between the panties and the rapid jerking on his cock, he was rapidly approaching the edge. "I'm going to cum." She adjusted her legs slightly so that he sat deeper inside her, and then started again while rubbing her clit.

Seconds later, a blasts of cum began to fill the condom. At almost the same time, her orgasm washed over her. Her cunt clamped down on him, milking thick strands cum from him as she fell quivering onto his chest.

Gasping, she lifted herself off of his cock with a slick pop. They embraced each other as she whispered in his ear. "I love you, oppa."

"I love you too, Jieun." His erection had softened to semi-erect as he'd slipped free and he could feel the cum sloshing around inside. That means she can't get pregnant, he thought.

Sitting back up, she looked at the cum-filled condom and smiled. "You came." She picked up her thong and crawled off the bed to slip it back on.

"You're going to wear those?" He asked incredulously.

She smiled, "Of course. You thought I was kidding when I said I wanted to wear panties after you'd cum in them." She slipped over to her dresser and opened her underwear drawer. "I think I'll wear these tomorrow." She pulled out her pink panties with white hearts. "Take that condom off."

He rolled the condom off of his cock and she grabbed it from his hand, pinching it so it didn't spill. She laid the condom inside the panties and turned it over, dumping the slimy contents into the crotch of her panties. "Perfect." and then she folded the panties up and laid them back in the drawer. "You can go shower first, oppa."

"What about you?"

"I'm not quite ready yet." She picked up her vibrator.

He crawled off the bed and walked to the bathroom. "I'm fucked." He thought, but he couldn't help smiling as he went.

--------
Send feedback to siswriter@email.com