Really Nude in Public
After my breakthru last weekend in which I walked 
naked outdoors across the grassy commons from my dorm to 
the other girls' dorm in our quad, I knew I wanted to do 
that again. And I got a perfect excuse to do so when it 
turned out that Kell couldn't drop that econ class after 
all becuz she'd missed the deadline. 

She's kinda stuck because when basketball practice 
starts she'll have a schedule conflict (which is why she 
tried to drop the class). BUT the prof has said several 
times that 98 percent of what we'll be tested on comes 
right out of the book. Since we're sharing the book we 
agreed to study together and I graciously agreed to come 
to her dorm two evenings a week so we can do all the 
assignments together. 

So twice now (not counting the time I already wrote 
about) I have made that walk -- totally naked -- from my 
dorm to hers. Like I said, it's really not that far, like 
walking across a street, but there's always people around 
so it's definitely public. Nobody seems to mind and the 
only shouts I've heard have been positive (if sometimes a 
bit crude). I was more bothered by the cameras. 

I've also been dealing with the camera issue in the 
dorm becuz I've been hanging around in the first floor common 
area and guys have whipped out their cameras without asking 
first. I ask them not to do it or to at least agree to keep 
it to themselves. At least these guys are my friends and I
can explain things to them. It's not so much that I 
mind them taking my photo; I just don't want it to end 
up on somebody's MySpace page or something.

Anyway, so I walk across the way between the dorms 
carrying our shared economics book and our shared workbook 
and I go thru the halls of Kell's dorm saying hi to whoever 
is around and they are getting to know me. Up on the second 
floor where all the jocks seem to live I get whistles and 
hoots as I pass. They act worse than guys sometimes!

The first time we studied together it was just in 
Kell's room, but the second time we were in their kitchenette 
sitting at one of the tables and about eight other girls 
from the floor were in there too, some studying like us and 
others making food or just hanging out. They were all athlete 
types like Kell and most of them seemed to be lesbian. Which
is fine. In fact, I really enjoyed being the object of their 
teasing comments and looks even tho I am not gay myself.
I guess I have a sufficient bisexual streak to want to flirt
with them, but that's probably all. 

ANYway. I've ALSO started experimenting a bit with 
public toplessness. People keep telling me that a girl can 
get away with being topless on campus wherever a guy can go 
topless, but NObody seems to actually do this. 

Now you might think that if I walked naked across 
the commons that going topless would be no big deal. But 
the commons, though definitely public, is just the enclosed 
area behind the four dorms.

In front of the dorms it's a different story. There's 
a main public "street" (mostly pedestrians, but cars can go 
on it at certain times) and across from that there are lecture 
halls. So that's public in a much bigger way than the quad 
commons. Lots more people and more chance of being seen by
non-students. But I just felt compelled to do it.

So what I did Friday was take off my top when I was 
almost in front of the dorm walking back from class -- but 
still on the main walkway. When I was practically, but not 
quite to the stone steps going up to the main entrance, I untied 
my top and stuffed it quickly into my bag and just walked on 
topless among the crowd of passersby. I was only out on the 
main roadway a brief time. There are about 20 stone steps that 
lead up to a wide landing and there are always girls and guys 
hanging out and sitting on the wall. It's the main entrance 
leading to my dorm and to one of the guys' dorms so there were 
a LOT of guys to walk past.

And yet amazingly, this went really well -- though again 
some camera phones came out. But instead of being off in the 
distance as they were when I walked through the commons, they 
were right there because we're all on the stone steps which are 
maybe 20 feet wide.

A lot of the guys I know now because I've met them here 
or there around the dorms, and some have already seen me completely
nude either in the commons or in my dorm, so it wasn't a total 
surprise. And I feel a lot more comfortable when I've met a guy
and know his name and he knows me. Then I'm not an object, I'm
a friend.

And some of them greeted me by name, with "Hey Claire, 
lookin' good today" or "nice outfit, Claire" or things like that.
And I felt wonderful!

So anyway, that was more progress. I've really gotten 
addicted to this and I have no idea where it will lead. I'm 
sure I'll reach the limit of what I can do publicly pretty soon,
but privately among friends I am totally free. I have made a 
zillion friends already and they support me and understand me 
(sort of) and they know that this isn't sexual (even if it IS
a bit sexy -- there's a difference). So I know I will get to
do this as long as I want even if the university cracks down
on my public adventures.

And speaking of adventures, I'm writing this on Sunday night
and normally we'd have early classes tomorrow but it's a 
holiday so it's like another weekend night. Amy and I are
going over to Steph and Tony's apartment in a little while 
and I know there will be some other people there, some that
I know and some that I don't know. Steph told me I can either
stay dressed or take off my clothes when I get there, whatever
I decide. That would be cool --and another first for me, 
going nude somewhere else but the dorms, but I'm not sure
I'll actually do it. We'll see . . .
