A Stranger Fingered Me at the Bar
by Officelady1

I let a stranger finger me while my husband is nearby.

I couldn't stop thinking about Brad's photography class.

On the stage, in front of a crowd, completely naked for the camera...another man's penis, the other model, slowly going inside me.

It stuck with me all night.

And Brad's instruction at the end of the session not to wear underwear to work anymore.

I had cheated on my husband, less than a month after getting married. There was no way around it. And not only had I cheated, I did it in front of a crowd.

Worst of all...I didn't hate myself for it.

As I got ready for work the next morning I didn't even think long and hard about if I was going to do what Brad ordered. I pulled a dress on without anything on underneath. It was a work dress, long sleeves, cut off at the thigh and gave my cleavage a nice bump.

On the way I stopped at the pharmacy and picked up some Plan B. I had made it this far in life without ever needing to take it...but now I was off birth control since I was with the same guy. I always had my husband use a condom. But after last night's unprotected adventure...even though he didn't finish I knew I could still be at risk.

I walked into work and went straight to my desk, jumping into what I needed to do. A full hour went by before Brad stepped up to my desk.

My office is an open floor plan, with desks everywhere and only a few dividers. I was fortunate to be behind one of them, with only a few guys behind me.

I locked eyes with Brad.

"Good morning." I said.

"Are you wearing underwear?" He asked.

All business. It was weird in this context.

I paused for a moment.

"No." I smiled. I don't know why I did. My inner monologue chastised myself.

"Prove it." He ordered.

"I don't know ho-" I started.

"Prove it. Now." He said sharply.

I opened my legs wide in my chair, my dress sliding up my thighs to reveal my lack of underwear.

"And the top." He said.

I slowly pulled my top down so my breasts popped out. I sat like that while he looked over my body. Every bone in my body screamed to cover up, that someone could walk by at any moment.

"Good." He said. I quickly covered back up, closing my legs. He let a small smile out. "What are you doing tonight?"

"We're going to my friend Adam's birthday party at the Hi Ho Bar." I responded.

"We?" He asked.

"Me and my husband." I said.

He smirked, rapped his hand on my desk and walked away without a word.

I was so busy with work I suddenly realized hours had passed and it was time to leave for the bar. Throwing everything in my bag I quickly ran to the car and drove over.

It was packed inside. After some searching, I found my husband at the bar with our friends. I apologized for being late and kissed him on the mouth. I quickly realized he was already a few drinks in.

Too be fair...I had been late.

He ordered me a drink, we toasted as a group and an hour passed quickly. We sang happy birthday, I get kept drinking and it was fun.

Alcohol coursing through my veins, I let the warmth help me forget my recent actions.

Suddenly I felt a hand on my hip. I turned and there stood Brad.

I felt all the blood drain from my face. He winked at me.

"What a small world!" he said loudly. A few friends and my husband turned.

"Oh, wow, hi!" I stuttered. "Um. Everyone, this is Brad. We work together."

"I remember you! My husband said, very drunk now. "We met at your company barbeque last year."

I winced as they shook hands. My husband shaking the hand of the man who convinced me to pose for him, without my husband knowing.

"I'm so glad you remember me. I'm wondering if I can steal your wife for a moment, we have some super important work stuff to go over real quick" Brad said.

"I don't think we have to do that no-" I started.

"Of course! Go for it honey, we'll hold down the fort here" My husband said, turning back to our friends.

"Shall we?" Brad said, gesturing to the dance floor.

His hand still on my hip, he guided me away, down the stairs to the dance floor, deep into the crowd.

I started to talk but he put a finger to his lips.

We pushed through the crowd until we came upon a heavyset black man. He grinned as we approached, obviously waiting for us.

"This her?" the stranger asked. Brad nodded and looked at me.

"This is a good friend of mine, Marcus, take good care of him."

He spun me around and back into Marcus. I didn't resist.

A bump and grind song was on and Marcus wrapped his hands around in front of me. We started dancing, his hands pulling my booty into his crotch.

Brad faded into the crowd. I couldn't quite process what was happening but I let it happen as I looked through the crowd, trying to see if I could see my husband...or if he could see me.

As I looked, I suddenly felt Marcus' hand slide up my thighs. I was very conscious of the fact that I wasn't wearing underwear as his fingers drifted higher and higher...until he brushed my pussy lips.

I got weak in the knees. My heart started pounding like a jackhammer.

"Jesus bitch, you're already wet." He murmured behind me.

His finger inserted inside me. He pushed all the way in.

I gasped and tried to stay upright. A second finger tried to enter.

"You're fucking tight, aren't you?" He asked. Finally, the second finger slipped in. He started to finger fuck me.

Right there on the dance floor. In the packed crowd no one seemed to notice. His second hand snaked into my top and fondled my bare breast. The fingering sped up. I couldn't believe it -- I was about to cum. Already.

What is wrong with me?

A wave of pleasure passed through my body. At that moment the crowd parted slightly and I could see my husband across the bar, deep in conversation. And I was 100 feet away, with a stranger fingering me. It was too much. I didn't fight it. I let the orgasm take me, legs shaking as I came.

I must have moaned or made some noise, because he sensed what happened.

My thighs felt wet as Marcus pulled his fingers out.

Suddenly Brad was there -- he had been close by the whole time.

"She's perfect man. Bring her by my place when you buy next, it'll be a fair trade." Marcus said. He lifted my dress to look at my bare ass. I didn't move an inch as he looked.

I was almost mad at myself for how submissive I was.

Marcus faded into the crowd. Brad stepped forward.

"That's my drug dealer. After work on Monday we're going to stop at his place and you're going to have sex with him. Is that understood?"

Almost like an outer body experience, I found myself nodding.

"You ever been with a black guy before? He asked.

I shook my head.

"Go back to your husband, have a good night." Brad said, smiling his sinister smile. I started to walk.

"Oh, before I go..." Brad said.

I turned.

He tapped a couple guys dancing around us to get their attention.

"You guys want to see some married tits?" He asked loudly over the music.

A dozen eyes suddenly locked onto me. Almost on auto pilot I reached up with both hands and pulled my dress open so both of my breasts fell out.

The crowd cheered. I quickly covered up and raced back to my husband through the crowd.

He barely even looked at me as I came back, other than asking if the work stuff was squared away.

I ordered another drink.

This rabbit hole was just getting deeper…
