Rachel and Me
byschmoe90©

Rachel and Me Pt. 20

Rachel and I were sitting in a bar, having a quiet drink and a chat. She was wearing her bib overall shorts. Rachel was talking about shooting more videos for her site, and I was wondering if this was starting to get out of hand. She was saying that she was earning a lot of money on her web site with pictures, panties and now videos, and was talking about me helping her with camming.

She saw two guys come in and gasped quietly.

"It's the guys I delivered pizza to," she said.

"Huh?"

"Remember I had two guys sign my tit?"

"That's them?"

"Yes," she said.

"Do you want to go and say 'hi'?" I asked.

"Would you mind?"

"Is this going to turn into a thing?"

"It might," she admitted. "They're cute."

"I've got an idea," I said. "Videoconference me on your phone, then tell them we're playing a game and you have to do as I text you."

"You'll stay here?"

"I'll go and sit in the van, that way nobody'll see what I'm watching."

"Deal," she said, finishing her drink and standing up.

She tapped away on her phone, and my phone rang. I accepted the video call, turned my camera off and started recording.

"Wish me luck," she said, grabbing her bag.

"Remember to try and keep the phone pointed at you, so I can see what's happening."

She headed over to the two guys, and I finished up and headed out to the van, listening to the call.

"Hello boys," she said, "remember me?"

I could see that she'd put her phone in the front chest pocket, so I had a great view of what she was seeing.

"Oh my god," said the first guy, "it's the girl from the pizza place!"

The second guy smirked, obviously remembering slapping her tits.

"What are you doing here?" he asked.

"I was just starting playing a dares game with my friend via text," she said, "and as you were in one before, wondered if you wanted to play again."

"I don't think we want to be spanking you in public," said the first guy, grinning at her.

"I thought we could go somewhere more private," she said.

"Like where?" second guy asked.

She paused for a second, then said "the men's room?"

"Oh my god, you're a slut," the first guy said, "I love it. Let's go."

They got up, and with her in between them, headed to the men's bathroom. The first guy gestured her to stop outside, then checked the coast was clear. He motioned the other two in.

"What do you want to do?" he asked her.

"Let's go into the disabled stall, it's bigger, and I'll text my friend."

They went into the stall, and locked the door behind them. She hung her bag on the hook on the door and turned back to the guys, who were watching her.

"We had great sex after the last time we saw you," said the second guy.

"Wait, you're gay?"

"I'm gay, Billy is bi, and I love watching him get that turned on. Especially when he takes it out on me!"

"O... K..." she said. "Let me text him, and we'll see what we can do."

I saw the world flip around then got to watch Rachel's face as she texted me. My phone beeped with a message.

"We're here."

I texted her back "send picture"

I saw them as showed the guys the message, then I was looking at the wall of the bathroom for a second while she took the picture, then watched her face as she sent me the picture of the three of them, her in the middle.

I texted her back "take off shorts"

She put the phone down on the toilet roll dispenser, saying "so I can watch for messages," then unbuttoned her bib. I could see pretty much everything in the stall. I watched the guys watch as she pulled her shorts down and stepped out of them. She hung them on the hook on the door, and stood there in her panties and T-shirt. I had to stop myself texting her back straight away, as they didn't know I was watching everything.

She picked the phone up again, and flipped it to take a picture. She sent that to me, then put the phone back.

I texted her back "take off shirt"

I watched her take off her shirt, leaving her in just her bra and panties, then hang it with her shorts. She handed the phone to Billy, who took her picture, then she sent that to me and put the phone back.

I texted her "have 1 take off bra"

She gave the phone to Billy, and I watched him for a few seconds, and then Billy took a picture of the other two together.

"Hold her tits," he told the second guy.

"Look like you'e enjoying it," Billy said, and took a picture of them together.

Rachel took the phone from him, and sent me a picture of the second guy holding her tits and grinning.

I texted her "slap tits red"

She showed them the text.

"Are you good with this?" asked Billy.

"I love it," she said, putting the phone down.

She put her hands behind her back, pushing her shoulders back so her tits stuck out, and they each slapped them a couple of times, leaving red hand prints. She gave the phone to Billy, and he took a picture of her. She sent it on over.

I texted her "both suck them better"

She showed them, then held the phone up while Billy and the second guy made a show of sucking her nipples for the picture. She sent that picture over too.

I texted her "suck 1 dick"

I knew he was gay, but I was sure she'd be able to get him off. Who doesn't like having their dick sucked? I watched her show the guys the message, then put the phone back.

"He doesn't hang around, does he?" said the second guy.

"Are you OK with this?" she asked him. "I can say no."

"No," he said, "I'm up for it."

I watched Rachel kneel down, and unzip him. His dick looked pretty hard to me as she fished it out and went down on him. He stroked her hair, and with his other hand reached out for Billy, who held his hand, smiling at him. I watched her suck away at him for a few minutes. After a while, she stopped and got up, giving Billy the phone to take a few pictures, and I heard her gag a few times. Billy carefully put the phone down, and stopped her. He undid the button on the guy's jeans, pulling them down to his thighs.

"Here," he said, "play with his balls."

She stayed kneeling down in front of the second guy, gently playing with his balls, and Billy jacked him off until he came over her tits.

She stood up and picked up the phone again, giving it to Billy to take a couple of pictures of her covered in the second guy's cum. She sent me a couple of pictures of her sucking, and one of her covered in cum, then put the phone down again. I watched as she went to get some toilet paper to wipe herself clean, but Billy stopped her, saying "allow me".

He grinned, and went to work licking her clean. I could see she was really turned on by this, but I wasn't supposed to be seeing anything.

I texted her "have 2 take off panties"

I saw her notice the buzz of the message arriving, but she waited until Billy was finished cleaning her before doing anything. She picked up the phone, read the message and showed the guys. Billy grinned, and she put the phone down again.

The second guy moved out of the way, and Billy bent down in front of her, then pulled her panties down. She put her hands on his shoulders while she stepped out of them. She took them from him and hung them on the door, then picked up the phone and gave it to the second guy to take a picture of the two of them, standing there together.

She sent me the picture, and I texted her back "spank butt"

I saw her grin as she read the message, then show the guys. She put the phone down, then bent over and put her hands on the toilet seat. Billy and the other guy went to work spanking her until she stopped them.

Billy picked up the phone and took a picture of her butt. She took the phone from him and sent the picture to me.

I texted her back "suck 2 dick"

She showed them the text, then put the phone back. She knelt down in front of Billy, unzipped him and picked up his dick, putting it in her mouth. As she sucked, he undid the button and pushed his jeans down his butt. He pointed to the phone, and I saw the second guy pick it up, then all I could see was him taking pictures of Rachel sucking his boyfriend off.

I wasn't able to watch while he was taking pictures, but Rachel took the phone from him. She was standing up, and she put the phone back on the toilet roll holder. She bent over the toilet again.

"Want to fuck me?" she said to Billy.

He very much did, and I watched as he lined up behind her, pushing his dick into her. He rocked back and forth, and I could see she was really getting into it. It didn't take long for her to start cumming, and then he pulled out and came over her back. She smiled at me through the phone as Billy ran his dick over her butt, then the second guy picked it up and took some pictures of her. He put the phone down again, and I watched as he licked Billy's cum off her back.

"That was incredible," Billy said, "thank you so much."

"Thank you," she said, stading up. "You've really helped me with this dares game. Let me see what's next. I need to get to work soon."

She picked up the phone, and sent me a picture of her with cum over her back.

I texted her back "panties, bra and shirt in bag, go out into the parking lot"

She grinned, and showed the guys.

"Looks like I have to be leaving," she said, and sorted out her bib shorts, putting them on.

Billy was redressing himself, too, and the other guy opened the stall door and checked outside before stepping out.

Rachel picked up the rest of her clothes and stuffed them into her bag. She'd put her phone back in the front pocket, and I could see her in the mirror. It was pretty obvious that she was almost naked. She put her bag over her shoulders, and gave Billy a kiss.

"You know where we live," he said, "come over any time and we can play more of your games."

At this point, the door to the bathroom opened, and a guy came in. He looked at her, confused.

"This is the men's room," he said.

"There was a line at the ladies," she said, grabbing the door from him and leaving.

I watched on the phone as she walked out the back of the bar, and headed across the lot to my van. She knocked, and I opened the sliding door. She dropped her bag in, then unbuttoned the shoulder straps on her bib, folding it down and taking her shorts off. She stood there, naked, as she went through her bag and found a new pair of panties to put on, then her bra. She pulled her shirt on, then stepped in to her shorts and did the bib up again.

"That was amazing," she said, "but I need to go home and get cleaned up before work."

"Why do you still do that?"

"I need something to explain being able to pay my bills," she said with a grin. 


Rachel and Me Pt. 21

Rachel called me. I'd only dropped her off at her place a few hours ago, so I knew she should be at work.

"I'm bored," she said.

"Aren't you at work?"

"Yes, but I'm working the phones and the counter, and it's quiet."

"And...?"

"Well, can you come over and entertain me?"

"Who else is there?"

"Rob's cooking, and Sean's out delivering. Everybody else went home."

"Can't you play with Rob?"

"I feel bad about not getting you off at the bar."

"Fine," I said, "I'll come over."

I grabbed my GoPro, just in case, and headed over to the pizza place.

When I got there, I could see her at the counter. As I went through the door, she lifted the barrier and I went through.

She was wearing a plain yellow T-shirt and jeans, and came and hugged me.

"Oh good," she said, "you brought the camera."

I looked around, and found somewhere to put the camera, so it could cover the area behind and under the counter, and started it recording. I also found a little step stool, and put it under the counter just as the bell above the door dinged. I sat down on the stool, and she stood in front of me and said "hi" to the customers.

As she took their order, I unbuttoned, then unzipped her jeans, and pulled the flaps apart. I lifted her T-shirt and kissed her just above her bikini panties. I heard her giggle a little, and I started undoing her sneakers.

Having loosened her laces, I tapped her left foot, and she lifted it, so I could take the sneaker, and her sock off. She put her foot down, and I put the sneaker and the sock out of the way. I tapped her right foot, and she lifted that so I could take off her sneaker and sock. As she put her foot back down, I put them with the other one.

She'd finished taking the order, and said "you can sit down and I'll let you know when it's ready."

She went out to the back to give the order to Rob to cook. When she came back to the front counter, the phone was ringing, so she stood in front of me and answered it. As she spoke on the phone and took down the order, I started pulling her jeans down. She wiggled at appropriate times to help me get them over her hips, and picked up her feet at appropriate times so I could take them off.

She went to give the order to Rob, in her panties and T-shirt. Her T-shirt covered most of her butt.

I watched, and she came back. Rob followed her around the corner from the kitchen, and saw me sitting there. He waved at me, and I waved back. He nodded and headed back to the kitchen, understanding something was going on.

She looked down at me, and I whispered "bra." She reached behind her and unclasped it while she watched the waiting customers, then slid the straps down and off her arms and pulled it out from under the front of her T-shirt. She handed it to me, then moved closer to the counter. I took it from her and dropped it with her jeans.

As she was standing in front of me, I ran my hands up the outsides of her legs and up her sides. She shuddered a bit as my fingernails tickled her ribs. I slid my hands down her sides, hooking my thumbs in her panties, and taking them down too. As I got them to her ankles, she stepped out of them one leg at a time, leaving her in just her T-shirt.

This time, I ran my hand up the front of her legs, and across her stomach. She squirmed as I ran my hands across her back and down to her butt. I pulled her towards me, and ran my tongue up her slit. I felt her shiver as I did it, but she opened her thighs, giving me better access.

As I was licking away, Rob came out from the kitchen carrying a pizza in a box - I didn't notice him until he was almost up to Rachel, and she jumped. I lifted her T-shirt to show him her butt, and he put the box down on the counter next to her. His hand reached out and cupped her butt cheek.

"Uh, your pizza's ready," Rachel said to the couple who were waiting. I was working my tongue over her clit as they picked up the box and headed out. Just before I heard the door ding, Rob pinched her butt and she let out a little yelp. He headed back into the kitchen, and I kept teasing her with my tongue.

It seemed that somebody else had come in while the other couple were leaving, as she started talking to the newcomer. I started pushing two fingers inside her as I licked her clit, and I saw her hand gripping the counter top harder and harder, and then she shuddered as she came.

"I'm sorry, a large Hawaiian, was it?" I heard her say.

The customer corrected his order, and she told him to sit down while they made it up. She went back, in just her T-shirt, to give the order to Rob, and he followed her back to the counter.

"That delivery is ready," he said, looking at her.

"Can't you take it out to him?"

I saw him grin.

"That's supposed to be your job," he said.

"But I'm..." she gestured at herself, standing there almost naked.

"Then put on your shoes," he said, and went back into the kitchen.

I heard her sigh, and she went to pick up her panties. I shook my head and handed her her sneakers and socks. She slumped a little, and took them from me. She sat down and put them on, then went to the back to take the pizza out. I sneaked out with the GoPro and watched as she carried two boxes out to Sean, who was sitting in his car listening to music.

He perked up when he saw how she was dressed, and got out to take the boxes from her.

"Maybe I'll come in when I get back," he said.

"Maybe I'll come out to you," she said with a grin, and headed back inside.

I started to follow her back to the counter, but there was a guy standing there, waiting.

"It'll just be a few more minutes," she said, as she carefully walked towards him to avoid exposing herself any more. He muttered something about girls and their short shorts and went and sat down again.

She waved me over, and I walked up and put the GoPro down, pointing at her. I stood right behind her, putting my hands under her T-shirt and tweaking her nipples. I had her bend forward, so she was under the level of the counter, and she put her hands out to support herself on the steps I'd been sitting on. She rubbed her butt against my dick through my jeans, then reached up with one hand to unbutton them. I pulled my dick out, and rubbed it across her pussy, then plunged it inside her.

She gasped quietly, and had both her arms forward again. I slid her T-shirt up and over her shoulders, so her tits were exposed but her head was covered, and she rocked back and forth, fucking herself on me as I stood looking at the guy waiting for his pizza. She reached back and started playing with her clit, and I felt her pussy clenching on me as she had another orgasm. She pulled herself off me, staying below the counter.

She sat down on the steps, and finished pulling her T-shirt off, then pulled my dick into her mouth. I was looking at the guy when her licking and sucking made me cum in her mouth. I looked down as she put my dick away, and Rob came back with the guy's pizza.

"Uh, here you go," I said to the guy.

He came and collected it. "Where's the girl?"

"Probably getting into trouble," I said, buttoning up my jeans.

Rob shoved me aside, and I watched as he unzipped his jeans, and she fished his dick out and went down on him. I could see her cheeks sucking in as she slid up and down on his dick. He was obviously pretty turned on, as it didn't take him long at all to cum in her mouth. He zipped up, grinned at me and went back into the kitchen.

I heard a car horn beep, and a minute or so later, Rob came and told her Sean was back.

"Can you watch the front a minute?" she asked him, pulled on her T-shirt and headed out to the back. I followed with the GoPro as she opened the door and went out to Sean's car. He was sitting there, grinning at us, and she went around to the passenger side and opened the door. She got in and closed the door behind her, and I watched through his open window as she reached over and undid his jeans, then fished his dick out. He shuffled around to slide his jeans down to give her better access.

She stroked her hand up and down on it, and then bent forward and licked the head. She moved her hair out of her face, then licked it again, and put her mouth on it. She moved her mouth up and down on his dick, and he put his hand over her back and pulled her T-shirt up a little then stroked her naked butt.

I gestured to him to pull her T-shirt up, but he misunderstood and pulled his up. I shook my head and pointed to her, and he understood, pulling it up so her tits were uncovered. She had been bent over, sort of laying across the front seat, but knelt up on the seat, taking her T-shirt off completely, and bent at the waist and carried on sucking his dick. He picked up her T-shirt and tossed it out of the window to me, and started playing with her tits.

I slowly moved around the front of the car with the GoPro, so you could see her head going up and down as she was sucking him off. I continued around to the passenger side and showed her butt and pussy for a short while before going back to the driver's side.

It had been a while, and suddenly Sean was cumming. His head was back, and he moaned, and it was all over. Rachel looked up at me, then opened her mouth for the camera, showing she'd swallowed it down already.

She looked around for a moment for her T-shirt, then saw I had it.

"Can I have that?" she asked.

"Sure," I said.

She looked around to see if there was anybody in the alley, then got out of the car, wearing just her sneakers, and walked around the car to take her T-shirt back from me. She pulled it over her head, and we headed back inside.

"Finally," said Rob as we came through the door. "I have a delivery who asked for you to go. It's almost done."

"Huh?" she said.

"That old guy who always asks for you. I said you'd deliver it. Go grab Sean to run the counter."

She headed back out to Sean, and shortly came in with him. He walked through to the counter, and she grabbed her clothes.

"Can you drive, then I can get dressed on the way?" she asked.

I nodded, and we went and picked up the pizza from Rob.

"I'm parked out the front," I said.

"Can you bring it around to the back?"

"That seems silly, just be quick and you'll be fine."

We headed to the front door, and she peered out to make sure there was nobody about. She ran to the van and found the door locked. She stood there fidgeting in her sneakers and T-shirt while I sauntered over and unlocked the door. I grabbed her butt as she got in, then handed her the pizza and closed the door.

When I got in, she was starting to unlace her sneakers.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I was going to get dressed."

"He's seen you naked before, toss your clothes in the back and you can deliver it like that. It'll cheer him up, I'm sure."

She threw her underwear and jeans in the back, then directed me to the old guy's house. I parked so I could see his front door, meaning she'd have to backtrack a little to walk up his driveway. She got out and picked up the pizza, and headed up the driveway. I got the GoPro out and started recording.

As she got to the top of the driveway, I watched as she put the pizza on top of a bush running along the side of the garage, and took off her T-shirt and put it by the pizza. In just her sneakers and socks, she picked up the pizza and walked to the door.

She rang the bell, and the old guy turned the outside light on and opened the door, shocked to see her standing there almost naked. I could see them talking as she took the pizza out of the insulated bag. She shook her head, and pointed over her shoulder at me, then stood on her tiptoes and gave him a kiss before walking back down the path. She picked her T-shirt up on the way past, opened the door and waved to him before getting back into the van.

"Let's go," she said, "I told him I was too busy to come in, but you're right, he was very pleased to see me."

I pulled away, and we headed back towards the shop. She pulled her T-shirt back on, and when we got there, I went around the back.

As she got out, I said "I'm going to head out, as I have to work tomorrow morning."

She blew me a kiss and closed the door, and I drove off.

I was about 3 minutes away when my phone rang. I answered it.

"I left my clothes in the back of your van," she said.

"Eh, I'm almost home," I said, "can't you pick them up some other time?"

"Asshole," she said, hanging up.

I was sure she'd be fine. It was a pretty long T-shirt, after all.


Rachel and Me Pt. 22

Rachel had asked to use my bedroom for a cam show for her web site. My bedroom's pretty sparse, so there's nothing to recognise, and her room mates were in no danger of walking in on her.

We'd talked about her using one of the big cam sites where you're paid in tokens, but she'd decided to do it on her web site, so the audience would be smaller, but she'd get to keep all the tips she was given.

This would be her first time. She'd set up an appointment on her web site, but we weren't sure how many were going to turn up. She arrived really early, and we plugged her laptop into the TV in the bedroom. I plugged in an external web cam and keyboard, and we got those set up so you could see her from her nose down. She also set up a few toys - a dildo, a butt plug, nipple clamps, baby oil and lube out of shot.

She got dressed, in black thigh highs, thong and bra, covered by a shortish black skirt and a white blouse. She also put on her black bob wig and a black mask covering the top half of her face. As a final touch, she put on the black ribbon choker she knows I like. She put on her black stripper heels, and stood out of frame while I started the conference at the appointed time.

There were four people signed up the moment the conference started, and I pointed to her to say she was live. She walked in and sat down on the end of the bed, in front of her laptop.

I watched as she typed, then on the TV screen I could see "hello everybody". There was a babble of greetings, and one of the audience told her to show them her tits. Luckily she took this as a joke and laughed, while one of the others told him to grow up.

They all chatted for a while, with her acting all flirty, but I could tell she was nervous. A few more people had entered the chat, and she asked them what they'd like to see. One of the viewers said to take off her bra, and sent a tip. She thanked them, then reached behind her and undid the catch. She pulled her left arm through the sleeve of her blouse and took the strap off. Then she pulled the bra out the right sleeve of her blouse. I could see her blushing all the way down her front.

There were requests to take off her blouse, and a few small tips, but she picked up the baby oil and tipped a little into her hand. She rubbed her hands together, then put them on her tits, rendering her white blouse almost see through. She massaged her tits for a while, then sat back. There had been a lot of activity while she'd been busy, encouraging her, and the tips had started to roll in.

She had all the buttons but the top one done up, and I mimed to suggest she could undo a few. She typed into the chat, and asked if she should undo some buttons. There were about twenty viewers now, and they all agreed that she should undo her blouse. She started at the top, and undid a button. There were a few small tips. She chatted with them for a little bit, then her hands went back to the front of her blouse, and she toyed with the next button. There were a few more tips, so she undid the button. More tips.

There were three buttons undone now, and she leant forward as if she was reading the screen, but I knew she was letting them look at her cleavage. More tips.

She undid another button, and pulled the blouse apart a bit. It was undone to below her nipples now, and the tape at the front where the buttons were was now near her nipples, meaning the oiled parts were closer to her armpits. They could see less detail, but more actual skin. She leant forward again, showing them down to the top of her stomach and letting the sides drape down. They could almost see her nipples now, and the chat was going crazy. She stopped and read the comments cheering her on before she sat back and undid another button.

They were loving this, and encouraging her to take her blouse off. She shuffled around and untucked it from her skirt, before undoing the final button. They could see all the way down her front now, but the sides were draped over her nipples. She teased them for a little while, and more tips, before leaning forward so they could see her nipples. She sat back again, watching the tips come in, then shrugged the blouse off her shoulders, but with her arm across her chest to catch it.

With a flourish, she pulled her blouse down, with her arms at her sides, and she pulled her left hand out of the sleeve, then took it off her right arm and dropped it at her side.

There was a lot of cheering her on in the chat, and a lot of tipping. She sat there posing for them as they asked... her arms behind her, up over her head, pushing her tits together, the usual sort of thing.

When it calmed down, and the tips had stopped flowing, she took the baby oil and dripped some into her hand. Again she rubbed her hands together, then massaged it into her chest. She spent a while rubbing it in to her tits, making her nipples really stand out. Again, there were tips.

She asked them what they'd like to see next, and a big tipper suggested she take off her skirt. Without any further ado, she unbuttoned and unzipped it, and wiggled it down her legs, leaving her in her thong and thigh highs. The big tipper tipped her again.

They had her sit cross legged, and she awkwardly did it, sorting her high heels out so she wasn't too uncomfortable.

One of the people on the chat told her to play with herself, and she grinned at the screen, then leant over and grabbed the nipple clamps. She carefully put them on each nipple, and typed that she could only have them on for fifteen minutes, so to remind her to take them off. I glanced at the time, just in case.

The big tipper told her to play with herself through her panties, and I'll be honest, I was a little surprised. I thought they'd get her naked as quickly as they could. It had been about thirty minutes so far. Rachel took her shoes off, and knelt down. She shuffled her knees apart, then put her hand down to her thong, and started to stroke herself through it, typing with the other hand... it was all flirty "do you like this", "do you want to do this to me" type nonsense, and they were lapping it up. Still, she managed to drag it all out for about ten minutes.

I could see she was flushed, and from excitement rather than embarrassment now. Her hand was going faster and faster, and she was paying attention to the screen less and less often. The chat room started telling her that it had been almost fifteen minutes, and I managed to get her attention and point to the clock. She stopped playing with herself and took the nipple clamps off, and as I'd expected, the pain of the sudden flow of blood caused her to cum almost immediately. She fell back and shuddered for a little while, then sat up with a lopsided grin at the web cam.

The crowd had gone wild with their comments and tips, watching her orgasm on camera for them, and she started to disentangle herself and shut it all down, promising to do another session at some point. There had been about forty of them there, at the end.

After she'd shut off the chat, she got a message on her web site from the big tipper, offering her a fairly large amount of money for her thong. She made sure the web cam was off, then got me to take a picture of her wearing her thong, and you could see it was soaked through. She sent him the picture, then took her thong off and got a ziploc out of her bag, depositing her thong in it.

She came over to me as her laptop shut down, and took off her mask.

"I see you liked that," she said, grabbing my hard dick through my jeans. "Would you like me to take care of that for you?"

She knelt down in front of me, and started to unbutton my jeans.

"Just a sec," I said, and picked up the GoPro I'd used to video everything. I put it on the floor, pointed at her, so it would shoot her through my legs.

I stood back in front of her, with my legs open so the GoPro could see her and she pulled my jeans and underwear down my hips. She took my dick in her mouth, and started to lick along it. After a little while, she sucked the head into her mouth and slowly bobbed backwards and forwards on it.

After a few minutes of this, I went and sat on the bed. She shuffled over to me on her knees, and pulled my jeans and underwear down to the floor. She licked my balls quickly, then went back to sucking me off. I was leaning back on my elbows, so I could watch her, and she took my hands and put them on the back of her head. She pushed them down in time with her, to say she wanted me to push on her head, so I did. I slowed her down, and pushed her head down as far as she could go... she started to gag a couple of times. Finally she pushed her head down until my dick was in her throat, and started swallowing on it until I came.

She let go of me, and sat back on her heels. She was red faced, but smiling happily. She took her wig off.

"Wow, that was... just wow," she said.

"So you're going to want to do that again?"

"Oh yes."

She sat on the edge of the bed, taking her stockings off. She sorted through her stuff as she started to get dressed again in her street clothes to head home.


Rachel and Me Pt. 23

Rachel wanted to go out of town and "do some wild stuff for my website." She'd said she wanted to go away so she didn't have to worry about somebody she knew seeing her. I wasn't massively enthusiastic about it, but she begged me to come and keep her safe. Fine.

She drove over and picked me up. I climbed in to the passenger seat, and took a look at her. She was wearing a short skirt, and a button up sweater type of thing. Her tits were sticking out, so I knew she was wearing a push up bra under the sweater, and she had her black wig on. She was driving barefoot, but had her stripper heels sitting in front of her seat.

We were soon heading out of town, and I was playing with the GoPro mounts and power adapter so I could put it on the dash.

"Let's get breakfast," she said, and pulled over to a McDonalds drive through. There were a couple of other cars there - one in front, and two behind us.

We ordered at the sign thing, then waited for the car in front to pick up their stuff and head out. She told me to start recording, so I pushed the button on the GoPro. Rachel unbuttoned all but one button on her sweater, so you could see her red lacy bra and the tops of her tits. We pulled up to the window.

The young guy's eyes bulged out of his face when he saw her.

"Can we get it for free if I show you my tits?" she said.

"Um, I still have to pay for it, or my till won't be right," the guy said.

"How about if she lets you feel her up?" I asked him, doing my best to stay out of shot.

Rachel turned and looked at me, shocked.

"Uh, sure," the guy said, looking down at her.

She turned back towards the guy.

"He can't reach you," I said, and she moved more towards the side of the car.

"You'll need to lean out the window," I told her.

She was kneeling on her seat, and pulled her top half out of the window, supporting herself on the car door so the guy could grab her tits. The guys in the car behind us went crazy when they saw a girl emerge from her car window.

When she got close enough to him, he undid the last button on her sweater, and unhooked the front of her bra.

The guys in the car behind us started shouting and leaning on the horn.

"Take it off," I said.

She reached back and took her sweater and bra off her shoulders, and I pulled them back off her arms. I tossed them in the back seat.

The McDonalds guy felt her tits for a minute or so until our breakfast arrived, when she pulled herself back into the car. She had the beginnings of red finger marks on her tits and her nipples were red from being pulled. And, I noticed, stiff. He held the food out to her halfheartedly, and she leaned out again to grab it and hand it to me. She was blushing furiously as she put the car in gear again and we headed back out.

"Can I have my top?" she asked as we left the drive through lane and headed towards the freeway.

"Let's eat first," I said, and we drove along while I ate breakfast.

A few minutes later, the guys who'd been behind us at the drive through caught up with us, and drove alongside us waving and shouting. Rachel was blushing bright red, and didn't want to look at them. She had her hands at 10 and 2 on the steering wheel, so you couldn't see anything, so after a short while pacing us they accelerated away.

"Can you drive for a bit?" she asked me. "So I can eat my breakfast without getting it all over me."

"Sure," I said, "pull off at the next rest stop and we'll switch."

There was a rest stop a few miles up, and she pulled off and stopped in the main parking lot, but away from the other cars.

"Get out," she said.

"Huh?"

"Get out and walk around."

"You get out," I said, "you're the one who wanted to switch after all."

"Can't you?" she whined.

"Tell you what," I said, "take your skirt off, and put your heels on."

"Fine," she mumbled, and unbuttoned, then took her skirt off. She reached down and slipped her feet into her heels.

"And now get out and walk around. Slowly, like this is perfectly normal."

She shivered a little, then opened the door. I pointed the GoPro at her. In just her stripper heels and red thong, she walked around the back of the car, and I kept the little action cam pointed at her. Nobody even glanced our way.

She opened my door and said "go on, move over," so I slid over to the driver's seat and adjusted it to fit me. She slid in next to me and closed her door. I pointed the GoPro back at her just in case she did anything crazy.

"That wasn't so bad, was it?" I asked her.

"I was scared and humiliated," she said.

"And...?"

"Turned on, OK?"

She took her heels off and sat and ate her breakfast as I started the car and headed back towards the freeway.

I wasn't sure where we were headed, but as soon as she'd finished eating, she told me to pull off at the next rest stop, and started rubbing my dick through my jeans. Once I was good and hard, she leant over me and unbuttoned them, and fished my dick out before going down on me. She was lying across the seat, and I put my free hand over her back and stroked her butt as she bobbed her head up and down, licking the head slowly.

A few minutes later, I put the turn signal on and started slowing for the rest stop, and she sat up and tucked my dick away.

"We'll finish up later," she said.

I pulled up over by some large long distance trucks as she put her bra and heels back on. She stuck her tongue out at me, then got out and walked around to the front of the car. I followed her with the GoPro. As she got in front, an older, fat guy climbed out of a truck and did a double take when he saw her. To her credit, she didn't even try and cover up. He shouted something to her that I couldn't make out, and then she was walking towards him, swaying her hips sexily.

She stopped a few feet in front of him, and there was obviously a conversation going on. I saw him grab his crotch, and she waved her hands at him. I saw him pull his pants down to his thighs, and then his underwear. He was waving his dick around, and Rachel squatted down in front of him, but still several feet away. They were still talking, and he started to stroke his dick.

Her hands went to her tits, pushing them up and together for the trucker. He was nodding and jacking away madly. I saw her unclasp her bra, and the cups fell away to her sides. She pinched the nipples and pulled them away from her chest, and then the guy slumped forward a little, and slowed down on his dick.

She stood up and walked back over to the driver's side of the car, redoing the clasp on her bra. She tapped on the door, and I scooted over so she could get in.

"Well that was fun," she said as she reached into the back for her clothes.

"What happened?"

"Well, he called over all cocky, asking if I'd lost something, and I said no. Then he said he had something for me, so I went over and asked him to show me. That's when he got his dick out. I said that was nice, but what does it do, and he started jacking off. He asked me to put on a show for him, and that's when I started playing with my tits."

"I thought he'd cum over you," I said.

"Me too," she said, "but when he came it just sort of oozed out over his hand."

She'd put her skirt and sweater back on, and taken off her shoes. She adjusted her seat then started the car and we headed back to the freeway.

A short while later, we were pulling off into a little town. It looked like she knew where she was going, as we headed into the lower rent areas, and ended up pulling up and parking in a little lot in a strip mall that had seen better days.


Rachel and Me Pt. 24

We'd pulled off the freeway and parking in a seedy little strip mall. There was a sex shop, with lots of lurid neon and red plastic over the windows so you couldn't see in. We went into the sex shop.

It wasn't as bad on the inside as it looked on the outside. I could see that Rachel was a little nervous, as there weren't many women in there. It was mostly single guys. We browsed around the shelves, occasionally picking up things to show the other, or pointing stuff out. I found a tiny little stretchy orange dress that I said Rachel should try on, and she said "sure, why not?"

I went and asked the cashier if she could try the dress on, and he said she could. I went back and stood there, looking at her, and she realised I meant she should try it on here. The cashier came over at that point, so he could watch.

She took a quick look around, grinned at me, then undid her sweater and pulled her skirt off and took the orange thing from me, pulling it on over her head. We worked on getting it in place, as there really wasn't much of it there. I thought it looked awful - it might be something you'd wear for sex, but there's no way she'd wear it out and about. The little crowd that had formed around us seemed to like it though.

"Do you like that?" I asked her.

"No," she said.

"Me neither, take it off."

We peeled it off her, and she put her clothes back on. We carried on browsing. I showed her a 12" dildo that must have been as wide as a Coke can. She thought that was funny.

I showed her a large butt plug and she grimaced. The cashier asked if Rachel wanted to try on some crotchless panties, and came over to "help". Rachel took her thong off and handed it to the cashier, then pulled them on, pulling her skirt up so we could see them. I saw the cashier smelling her thong out of the corner of my eye when he thought we weren't looking at him.

"What do you think?" I asked her.

"They're uncomfortable, and I don't see the point," she said, "I'd rather not wear anything."

The cashier grinned at her, and she took them off, handing them to him. He put them in his pocket. She took her thong back from him and put it on.

After browsing around the store, there were still people watching us. I quietly asked Rachel if she wanted to play here, and she looked at the other customers, and said "that was kinda the point."

We wandered to the back of the shop, and there were booths where you could watch videos. I went in one and took a look around. As I'd guessed, there were glory holes on both sides. I chose one with an occupied booth next to it, and we went in. I closed the door and leant against it, so I was out of the way, and fished the GoPro out of my pocket.

Rachel just looked at me, quizzically, and then I saw the cover on one glory hole open. I briefly saw an eye at it, and then after a few seconds, a dick poked through.

"Oh my god," she whispered to me, looking at it. "I can't even see the rest of him!"

Still, she went over and took hold of it, stroking. She looked at me.

"Whatever you want to do is fine with me," I said quietly, "but he's going to cum at some point, and you might want to take some clothes off so you don't ruin them."

She unbuttoned her sweater and unhooked her bra. She took them of over one shoulder, then switched hands on the dick and pulled them over the other and off her. She handed them to me, and I hung them up on a hook on the door.

The whole time she was jacking the dick poking through the hole, and shortly later, the guy started cumming. She managed to direct it away from her, and the dick disappeared back through the hole. She came over to me and hugged me.

She undid her skirt and handed that to me, then bent and took off her thong.

I heard the door on the booth on the other side of us close, and a few seconds later, the hole opened and a dick poked through. Rachel took it, and stroked it for a while, and I heard him say "just a minute," and it disappeared. It reappeared a few seconds later, glistening with lube. Rachel smiled, and started rubbing the lube all over his dick. She pulled closer, and put her tits up to it, sliding his dick between them, up and down until he came, getting cum all over her chest and shoulder.

She turned to me and the camera, holding her tits up and massaging the cum into them.

The eye at the first hole was replaced by another dick, and she wiped up some of the lube and cum mixture from her tits and started rubbing it into it. Shortly after that, the guy she'd just jacked off passed through a bottle of lube. I thanked him and showed her the lube, and put it down where she could get to it.

Rachel stroked the guy from the first hole until he came, then sat and looked at the other hole. There didn't appear to be anybody in there, and another dick appeared at the first hole. I pointed it out to her, and she went and lubed him up, then started stroking it. She massaged the lube in and carried on stroking him, until he came over her front.

There was already a dick poking through the second hole, and she went over to her new fan. She poured some lube on her hands and rubbed it over her tits, then grabbed the new dick and stroked it up and down he chest until he came over her.

The first hole was already occupied again, and she turned to it. She stroked it a couple of times, then put her face by it. She rubbed it around her face, then sucked it into her mouth. She sucked away until he was about to cum, then pointed it at her tits and jacked away until he came over them.

A hand appeared at the hole, and she moved closer and let him feel her tits for a bit. He didn't seem to mind, or maybe didn't notice, cum being all over them.

There was a dick at the second hole, but Rachel stood up and said she was ready to go now, and could we get her cleaned up. I left and went to the cashier. He'd anticipated this, and, smiling, handed me an old towel, which I went back and passed to her.

She wiped up as best she could, and put her clothes back on. She took my hand and led us through the people by the booths.

"Oh, there's something I wanted to get," she said.

We headed over to the toys aisle, and she picked up a box and opened it. It looked sort of like a big pink peanut.

"This is the one," she said.

We went back to the still grinning cashier, to pay him for the vibrator.

"I can let you have that for free," he said.

"Oh, really?" she said, suspiciously.

"Sure," he said, with a lascivious grin, "if you blow me."

I was expecting her to tell him to fuck off.

"That's a hand job at best," she said.

She was haggling?

"Naked," he said.

"Topless," she said.

He nodded.

"Where can we go?" she asked him, looking about.

"Here," he said.

She looked around. There were a bunch of guys who'd watched this conversation. She handed me the vibrator, unbuttoned her sweater and walked around behind the counter. She took off the sweater and unhooked her bra, taking that off and handing it to me too. The cashier reached out for her tits, and she slapped his hand away.

"That wasn't part of the deal."

She knelt down, out of sight, and I moved over to look over the counter to watch, and pointed the GoPro at her. She was to the side of the cashier, and reached around and unzipped his jeans, reaching in to fish out his dick. Other guys lined up around the counter to watch too.

As she started stroking him, he tried to turn to face her.

"Not part of the deal," she said, apparently not wanting him to cum on her.

One hand was holding his dick, with her thumb rubbing precum into the tip, and she licked her other hand, then took over stroking with that hand. She used her first hand to play with his balls.

After a few minutes of this, he handed her another towel, and closed his eyes, putting his head back.

She wrapped his dick in the towel, and carried on stroking him and playing with his balls until he jerked, cumming into it. She wiped his dick with the towel, making sure he was all clean, then tucked his dick away in his pants. She wiped her hands on the towel, then stood up and smiled at me brightly. She held her hand out, and I passed her her bra.

She put it on, then I handed her the sweater.

She put that on as she came back around the counter, buttoning it up as she got to me and took the vibrator from me.

"Thanks," she said, grinning at him, "batteries?"

"They're in the box," he said.

She took my hand again before heading back out to the car.


Rachel and Me Pt. 25

Rachel led me out of the sex store, hand in hand, and went to her car. She unlocked the door, and I held it while she got in, then walked around and got in the passenger door. I didn't know if we were going home or somewhere else.

She started the engine, and we drove a short way before pulling up behind an old movie theatre. It had seen better days. There were only a few cars in the parking lot, and she locked the car and we walked through a side alley to the street. Around the front, I could see it was an adult theatre, showing "XXX" movies. This was going to be interesting.

She suggested we could watch a movie, and I agreed. We bought tickets, and went into a run down old theatre.

Rachel took her bag and headed to the ladies' room. She told me to go into the main theatre, and she'd meet me in there.

The screening room itself wasn't too bad. There were a bunch of guys already in there, and there was some awful old porn movie playing, with two women screwing a single guy. I took a couple of seats right at the back, under the projector, and settled down to watch and wait.

I saw her come in, all lit up in the doorway as the door closed behind her, as did some of the other guys. It was bright in the foyer, so she was having trouble seeing me. I didn't wave to her or anything, so she was having to look around closely at every face looking at her now.

Finally she saw me, and came over. She dropped her bag on one side of me, then sat on the other side. She reached over and handed me a key chain thing, like a car key fob. I looked at it, not really sure what I was looking at.

"The vibrator's remote controlled," she whispered in my ear, and sat back to watch the screen.

I looked at the key fob thing, and pushed one of the buttons.

I heard her moan slightly, and watched her eyes close part way.

Over the next few minutes, I ran the vibrator up and down its speeds as I watched the screen. I was waiting for her to react for a while before changing anything. After a few minutes, she snuggled up against me, and I left it on the lowest setting. The arms between the seats were fixed, so that blocked us from doing anything too obscene.

She stroked my dick through my jeans, and we were kissing and watching the movie on and off. While I was pretty sure some of the guys were checking her out after they'd noticed her, nobody was coming over or overtly staring yet.

I undid a few of the buttons on her sweater and found out she'd taken her bra off. I cupped one of her tits and started tweaking the nipple. She stood up, took the sweater off and handed it to me, and I put it on the back of my seat. She stood there for a little while longer, then sat down again. Nobody had turned and seen her standing there topless.

We carried on making out, with me tweaking her nipples while playing with the vibrator control until it drove her to an orgasm.

She unbuttoned my jeans and fished my dick out. She leant across the arm of the chair and sucked the head into her mouth and started swirling her tongue over it. She turned her head so she could watch the screen, and see anybody who came over to watch her. I carried on just watching the movie, and playing with her tits.

After a short while, a guy came over and sat next to her, watching us. Obviously she couldn't see him as he was behind her, so I pointed him out to her, and she sat up and took a look at him, then leant back over to me and carried on sucking my dick softly. A few minutes later, I glanced over and he had his dick out, and was jacking it slowly, and occasionally looking at her. I bent down and kissed the side of her face and told her what was going on now.

She sat up again, and started to watch the guy jacking his dick. He reached out to touch her, and she took his hand and put it on her tit. He seemed quite rough, and she took his hand away. She licked her hand and reached over and took over jacking him off. He made quite a bit of noise when he came, and some of the others looked over at us. She wiped her hand on his pants, and the guy got up and left. She kissed me, then went back to gently sucking my dick.

A few minutes later, somebody sat down in the row in front of us, and she saw. She stopped teasing me to sit up and look at them. There were two guys, whispering together, obviously about her. I reached over and spread her legs with my fingers, and started rubbing her clit through her panties. She closed her eyes and put her head back and just got in to it. I used my other hand to tease her nipples.

Another couple of guys came and joined the row in front, and a guy came and sat in the seat next to her. When she opened her eyes again, there were five guys watching her, and she came. She sat there for a few minutes getting her breath back, then gave me a long passionate kiss.

The guy next to her had his zip down and was feeling his dick through his underpants. She undid his waist band button, and pulled his dick out. She leant over and sucked his dick all the way in to her mouth for a few minutes, then sat up and started jacking him off. The guys in the row in front watched all this, and I saw them go from rubbing their dicks to undoing zips and buttons.

When the guy she was jacking off came, she turned forward and picked the youngest, and, I guess, best looking, guy from the row in front and pointed at him. He came around to our row, and replaced the guy in the seat next to her. That guy had moved down a seat, and sat there watching, still holding his dick.

She pulled the new guy's shirt up and off over his head, dropping it on the seat, then pulled his pants and underwear down to his ankles. His dick stuck out, pointing at her, and she had him sit down, then bent over and sucked him into her mouth. She sucked for a few minutes, then sat up and jacked him the rest of the way off.

The guy got up and dressed himself again, then moved back to the row in front. Rachel chose her next victim, and he came over to stand next to her. He had a drink with him, and he put that down in the cup holder for his seat. She again undressed him, and had him sit down. She reached over to his drink and rattled it. She took the lid off, and pulled out a couple of ice cubes, putting them in her mouth. He was feeling her tits while this was going on. She sucked him into her mouth, and he gasped at the sudden cold. After a few minutes, she sat up again and jacked him off until he came.

She turned back to me, stood up and told me she wanted me to fuck her. She pulled her skirt up and pulled her panties to one side. There was a small string hanging out of her pussy, and she grabbed it, pulling out the peanut shaped vibrator, putting it in her mouth to clean it before handing it to me.

She was facing forwards, and slowly settled down steering my dick straight into her. She moved up a bit, and pulled me to come with her, so I was impaling her from behind as she leant on the row of seats in front. I lifted her skirt over her back and held her hips as I slowly stroked into her. I knew I wasn't going to last long with all her teasing. I watched her tell one of the guys in the row in front to strip off, and the other one to feel her tits. He quickly pulled his shirt off, and his pants down, and she sucked him for a few seconds to get his dick wet, and started jacking him off. I started cumming inside her, and she wiggled her butt as I did. When I pulled out, I put the vibrator back inside her, and pulled her panties back over her pussy.

She let go of the guy in front, and turned and sucked my dick into her mouth to clean it. He was jacking his dick while watching this, and when she was done with me, she turned back to him and took over jacking him off. It had been a few minutes, and the lights came up. The movie we hadn't been watching had ended. The guys in front seemed embarrassed by the lights and being seen, so she let go of the guy in front and said we should probably leave before they came and threw us out.

I stood up and fixed my jeans, and she stood there waiting for me. After watching most of the patrons leave, I gave her her sweater, and she put it on. On the way out, she said she wanted to go to the ladies' room and clean up a little, so I stood in the lobby and waited for her.

We walked back to the car, and set off towards home.


