Manager's Mom's Used Panties

Sniffpanties
storyman@yahoo.com

All these stories are actual events which happened throughtout my
life. I enjoy feedback, so do e-mail me to compliment or insult
my stories.

It's been such a busy period lately. Time is spent shuttling
between the office and home, with drinking sessions sometimes
after work as a means of socializing with the top management. I
have been packed with work at the office, and I do not even have
the time to indulge my favorite fetish of panty sniffing.

Thus it was to my delight, that I managed to get a whiff of some
new panties recently. Just last week, I was out after work with
my manager and some other colleagues at a pub near our office. I
was actually rather tired and wanted to go home to rest, however
due to the fact that my manager was going, I reluctantly went
along.

The five of us settled down at the pub and drank jugs after jugs
of beer while looking around at the ladies in the pub. Basically
the night was spent with idle chatter and teasing of the
waitresses. In total, the five of us managed to finish twenty
jugs of beer between us. At the end of it, we were all rather
drunk. One of my colleagues was vomiting into the bushes before
staggering into a waiting taxi.

The other two also shared a taxi and left leaving me and my
manager behind. My manager was very drunk and he was slumped on
the ground. Shaking my head, I dragged him into a taxi and
directed the driver to his home.

Upon reaching his house, I dragged him up the stairs to his
apartment. My manager was a rather young guy in his early
thirties who was single and still lived with his parents. I rang
the doorbell and his mother came to answer the door. She was a
rather good looking woman in her late fifties with a nice body.
Slightly plumpish but not overweight with short curly hair. There
was not a single grey hair on her head.

As she has just been woken up from bed, she was dressed only in
her nightgown. It was very clear to me, even in my drunken state
that she was not wearing a bra. Her nipples could be seen
protruding through the thin nightgown material. I hurriedly
explained that I had sent my manager back as he was totally
unconscious.

His dad was also awake by this time and between the both of us;
we managed to bring him to his bedroom. We left him fully dressed
on his bed and turned off the bedroom light to let him rest. As
it was nearing three am by now, his mom kindly asked me to stay
the night. Though I was not very drunk, I gratefully agreed.

They gave me a bed in the guestroom and they went off to sleep. I
lay down for a while on the bed before evil ideas came into my
mind. I had not sniffed any new panties in quite some time
recently due to my busy work schedule. How ironic that my latest
panty sniffing opportunity should come at my manager's house.

I quietly opened the guestroom door and peered out. Everyone was
asleep by now. I slowly tiptoed out into the living room and
picked my way slowly to the kitchen. I expected the laundry
hamper to be there as I had seen the washing machine placed in
the kitchen. I was disappointed to find that there was no laundry
hamper anywhere to be seen. My heart sinking, I concluded that
the laundry hamper was kept in his parents' room.

Before I went back to my room, out of curiosity I tipped open the
lid of the washing machine. To my delight, it was filled with
dirty clothes. Apparently the reason there was no laundry hamper
was because all dirty clothes were thrown into the washing
machine. Using the light from my mobile phone, I dug through the
pile of dirty clothes. I only managed to find one pair of
panties, and I slowly extracted it from the pile.

I stuffed my prize into my pocket and tiptoed into the bathroom.
I carefully locked the door and placed the toilet seat down so I
could sit on it. I extracted the panties from my pocket to have a
good look at it. It was a pair of white cotton briefs with purple
flowers all over it. Kinky! I did not expect my manager's mother
to be wearing such attractive panties.

The entire crotch area was stained a deep yellow. This was due to
the fact that she had a rather huge backside. I expected that her
cunt covered a rather huge area of the crotch. The thick yellow
cunt juices were smeared all over the crotch. She leaked a LOT of
juice into this pair.

Taking a sniff of the panties, the familiar smell of musky mature
cunt rose to my nose. This was well aged pussy at its best. A
slight tinge of the smell of pee could also be detected. However,
most of the smell was of her secretions.

The smell was strong, as is the normal case with mature cunt. I
took deep breaths of the crotch, feeling the pleasant shockwaves
coursing through my penis. The smell was awesome. I jerked my
cock furiously thinking about her nipples which I had seen
through her thin nightgown.

I had never seen my manager's mother before tonight, but her body
dominated my thoughts now as I pounded away at my cock. I had not
sniffed any dirty panties in a long time, and now I was getting
full relief. I came, shooting all over the toilet floor within 5
minutes of sniffing her cunt. I was still hard however, and I
resumed masturbating after I had finished shooting.

I had yet to taste her, and I now started taking short licks of
her pussy juices. It was so delicious, like sweet honey. As the
panties were covered with purple flowers, it was just like
licking nectar from the flowers. The best thing was that there
was a lot of it. Her juices were all over the panty crotch. My
pre cum was leaking for the second time as I licked his mother's
dirty panties.

I did not last long before I came a second time, adding more of
my cum to those already on the toilet floor. I was very tired by
now, so I hurriedly wiped the floor with toilet paper before tip
toeing back to the kitchen to return the panties to the washing
machine. I collapsed on the bed and fell fast asleep. It was the
most satisfying experience in the midst of my busy work schedule.
The best thing was, whenever my manager piled me with work this
week, I was thinking in my mind, "I know what your mother's cunt
smells and tastes like." It was a fitting reward for the busy rat
race worker.
