Izabel and the Crew
by smotp ©

Isabel was cold. It was a damp night near the river and the wind was 
sharp. It was ok for the Crew, they could wear long pants and hoodies over 
layered sports vests and tops. She only had on six items of clothing, 
counting both her shoes. 

Her tan, padded sleeveless jacket was short over an even shorter thin 
white vest that stopped just below her breasts. Isabel was proud of her 
tits, she knew the boys liked them. She was very aware that her narrow 
back and small waist showed them off well. She never wore a bra; she liked 
the effect her very visible nipples had on men. They always stared at her, 
whatever their age. It gave her a thrill deep down in her belly to think 
they noticed her, wanted her. She would get wet sometimes, thinking about 
them, what they did, later as they thought of her. It made her feel 
special, all that nasty, sweaty want focused on her. 

Isabel's bare arms were pale and blotchy and she felt the cold night air 
raise goose bumps under her skin. In her bedroom earlier she had hunted 
through the clothing strewn floor and grabbed up her newest skirt, a low 
riding denim, pelmet mini which just covered her at the front. She kept 
smoothing it down at the back but the lower curves of her buttocks were 
still exposed. Isabel would bend over in it to adjust a shoelace or pick 
something up if she needed to cause a distraction for the Crew. The red 
lace scrap of a thong she wore underneath was more to flash than to cover 
her. Isabel kept herself shaved there like the porn stars; Jay liked that. 
Jay had told her she was cool, as his fingers had swept over her smooth 
skin and on into her.

Isabel's heavy cross trainer shoes were practical, she and the Crew tended 
to have to run quite fast on occasion.

Isabel always dressed for the Crew, it was her thing, she liked to have 
them looking at her body. She got a warm buzz from the sleepy hungry look 
she saw in their eyes, the power to make them hard for her. 

She hadn't been a virgin for over two years. Her very first time had been 
a revelation. Her mother's boyfriend of the time had taken them both to 
bed over a long summer weekend. Isabel remembered her mother holding her 
shoulders down on their bed, saying soothing things in her ear as he 
penetrated her for the first time of many. Isabel couldn't believe when 
she first saw him aroused, that all that meat would fit into her. The 
sensation of being completely filled with a man had been wonderfully 
frightening. The first orgasm came after a little pain and some blood. 
Isabel had thought she was having a heart attack, the spasming and 
uncontrollable writhing around the sliding hard heat inside her. She had 
still been trembling, crying out from the after shocks as he had finished, 
pulling wetly out of her to empty himself into her mother's hungrily 
searching mouth.

Isabel did not blame her mother, it seemed reasonable to her that the guy 
would want to shag them both if it was on offer. She was actually grateful 
to them for introducing her to the best thing in her life. Isabel loved 
sex very much. Much of her time was spent looking for any opportunity to 
find that peak and release again. 

She knew she was not pretty; her dyed black hair was streaked with deep 
red and cropped tight to her head, her face was too pinched and she had 
dark patches under her eyes that sleep couldn't erase, but her body was 
great. She worked hard to keep fit, especially working on her abs; Jay 
liked to run his hand down her tight, flat stomach. Isabel loved it when 
Jay touched her there, she liked it more when his hand kept on going, down 
between her legs, cupping her in his palm, parting her with his fingers; 
Jay could do anything he wanted it was fine by her. 

Isabel had worked hard to be the current Crew girl. It gave her status 
with her peers. Respect was better than pretty for her. Crew girl meant 
she got to go about with them and take a part in their missions; lookout, 
diversion, perve bait. Being with the Crew also meant her body being 
available to any of them at any time; often several of them at once. 
Isabel was ok with that, she liked it, she liked it a whole lot, except on 
cold days by the river like today. This space under the rails overhead 
smelt bad and was littered with construction debris and rubbish.

They were all bored, it was getting late and there was nothing happening, 
no one to dis or slap, and the beercans were nearly all gone. Jay shouted 
over to her 'Hey Izzie, play for us, play with your toy'. The others took 
it up, 'yeah Izzie, play with your toy.' 'Come on Izzie, get your toy'. 
The five boys gathered around her and demanded she comply, they hooted and 
jeered when she slipped her Rabbit from her jacket pocket. Pink, plastic 
and looking like a small child's brightly coloured plaything, the Rabbit 
was a girl's best friend, it was her most favourite vibrator.

'Hey Jay, I don't got no lube, gimme some spit?' Ever the gentleman Jay 
obliged with a generous gobbet of saliva perfectly placed on the end of 
the pink dildo. 

Isabel looked around and stepped over to the bridge support behind her and 
leant against it. Pulling up the front of her skirt she slipped her 
fingers beneath the front of her tiny thong and pulled it to one side, 
exposing her shaved vulva. Sucking her own fingers briefly she used them 
to moisten the pink satin flesh between her thighs. The Crew crowded 
around to watch the show, jostling for position, pushing, laughing and 
shoving. 

This was what Isabel was about. She craved being the centre of attention, 
needed to be wanted, if she had to fuck herself and then all of them, she 
didn't care; this was where she wanted to be. She spread the sticky saliva 
over the toy's head and twisted its base to start it buzzing. Spreading 
her legs and jutting her hips, she slid the device inside herself. For the 
Crew's benefit she bumped and ground her pelvis and moaned breathily as 
the Rabbit buzzed at her already wet flesh. It worked both inside her and 
at her clitoris and very soon she stopped acting aroused, the Rabbit 
always got her hot really quickly. She saw three of the boys kneading 
their groins through their pants, which made her even more exited. She was 
annoyed that Jay seemed uninterested by her display, distant, thoughtful. 
Isabel tried harder.

With her other hand she slid up her short vest to expose her upturned 
breasts tipped with jutting brown nipples. Isabel felt them hard and sharp 
with the cold, brushing them with her palm to get that electric tingling, 
making her feel liquid inside. She shivered with more than the cold and 
the plastic head of her Rabbit slid more easily on and in her.

Isabel preferred to come first before any of the Crew took her. It made 
things easier if she was wet and loose. She worked the toy further into 
herself, the top prong vibrating against her clitoris, quickly turning her 
belly to heat and water. She climaxed in a sudden small gush, which 
slicked her hand and the little dildo. 

One of the boys, Evander, had joined her, undoing his pants and stroking 
himself to come with her. She felt his thick sperm splash warm on her legs 
as it arced from his jerking penis. Isabel felt another spasm thrill 
through her from the sensation. 

Her eyes looked up and she saw Jay, he was coming towards her, only his 
eyes visible, gleaming deep in the darkness of his hoodie. This was what 
she wanted. Jay was her lover, the others just fucked her. 

Isabel felt Jay's cold hands grab her around her slim waist. He flipped 
her over, dragging her skirt up over her back with one hand, the other 
forcing her to bend over the low concrete wall. She dropped her small toy 
and she heard it skitter on the concrete floor. She was thinking that she 
would need to wash it now when he pierced her with something cold, very 
hard and metallic. Isabel realised he had brought one of his own favourite 
toys tonight, a massive chrome phallus, inhumanly thick, with a huge domed 
glans and moulded veins intertwining all along it. She felt each rib and 
ridge as he roughly thrust the cold length of it into her, so deep it 
completely filled her, stretching her to her very end. As she screamed she 
heard Jay behind her whisper in her ear.

'Yeah, that's it, squirm for me Iz, come big.'

And she did. 



