An Ultimate Way to Show Off 

I got a real thrill the first time I went to a nude beach with some girlfriends from college. In one of our courses we had been studying and talking about exhibitionism, so dared each other to go to nude beach. When we arrived and slowly took off our clothes, we noticed the guys really looked close and personal at our bodies, and to my surprise, it made me feel horny immediately. When I lay on my back I saw the men's eyes go straight to my hairy virgin vagina. Although I had not had sexual intercourse with a man yet, I had masturbated a lot and used big dildos and used tampons, so all was open down there now. If I opened my legs they looked even closer and wriggled up toward me. I then decided to bend my knees up and draw my feet back toward my body and slowly begin to spread my thighs apart. I was very excited to see the intense interest on the men's faces. The more I opened my bent up thighs the more my vagina opened. It was incredibly arousing for me. I never imagined it would be so exciting to expose myself. The men now sat up facing me and I could see they all had erect penises. Slowly I opened my thighs wider and wider and let the sun reveal my vagina in detail. At home during the week, I lay on the floor of my bedroom, and on the back lawn, facing the sun, with a mirror in front of me, to see what the men would have seen at the beach. It was very exciting to see my own vagina, clitoris and even my anus open for all the men and boys to see. I decided to shave my pubic and anal hair off completely, to be as naked as possible and show everything to the men without the hinderance of hair. I was now vaginally as bald as a new born baby. It was so exciting. I felt more naked. I went back the next weekend on my own and repeated the sequence without the inhibition of my girlfriend's presence. Once on my back, with my knees bent right up and my ankles pulled right back to my thighs, I soon attracted three men who came and sat looking directly up between my legs. Slowly little by little, I subtly began to spread my thighs wider and wider apart. I had on my big dark sunglasses and big straw hat and pretended to be reading a very heavy intellectual university book. Little by little, very subtly, I moved around and each time opened my thighs a bit more until they hung completely wide open facing the bright morning sun. It was wonderful and I was enjoying myself so much I could not believe it. Looking over my book, I could see the men were all erect and playing with themselves and intently looking at my vagina. I now watched them intently and watched their penises get more erect and and wet. This made me wet and my vagina felt full of hot fluid. My clitoris began to itch and throb but I did not know what it all looked like fom the men's perspective. I desperately wished I knew. I decided to feel myself to see what was happening. To my joy I felt that my vagina outer lips were wide open and I was very wet, my clitoris was poking out of my inner lips which were also wide open and my anus was in full view. Touching myself in front of the men was very exciting as it made them very excited I noticed. From time to time, appearing to be completely natural, and not sexual in any way, I decided to touch myself. I usually touched my clitoris and I noticed the men almost ejaculated. This was extremely exciting for me. My vagina and clitoris was now wet all over, glistening in the sun for the men to see every detail of my erect clitoris and open vagina. Casually I would now slide a finger into my wet vagina and touch my anus. I was getting very sexually aroused by now. I was delighted to see one man ejaculate. It was wonderful as I had not seem a man do that before. I really wanted to orasm myself but felt i had had enough for one day. I went home and lay on the back lawn in the sun with the mirror to see what the men saw. I was so turned on by my own wet vagina and erect clitoris and anus. I knew I would go back and one day and masturbate in front of the men. I think I would oil my body in front of the men and bend over my bag and give them all sorts of views of my breasts, vagina and anus from back and front. I would touch my breasts, nipples, vagina, clitoris and anus, casually as I oiled my body legs very wide apart and bent up in the warm morning sun. I would masturbate in bed just thinking about it. I think i have found a really joyful erotic, sexual, activity to study and experience from the male and female perspective. I guess it won't be long before I want one of those penises right up inside of me. I hear that happens further up the beach. I think I will be going for some long walks on my own in the warm morning sun before university lectures, just for study purposes of course!
