Lexi and the Festival
by Llamajoy  

Lexi was not happy to have to move so close to graduation, she had just turned 18 and could have tried to find her own place to live til school ended but her college fund did not leave money to spare for rent. Lexi's father had been laid off recently and was forced to find work elsewhere. Having found work, the whole family ended up packing up and moving to a small beach town.
"I wish we could have stayed until I graduated at least." Lexi vented
"I wish we could have too sweetheart." Lexi's father exclamed, "But this position wasn't going to wait that long"
It was disappointing that moving meant Lexi would not be able to graduate with the rest of her friends. Fortunately, Lexi had one good friend who had moved here at the beginning of the school year who she was excited to see again.
Ding! Lexi recieved a text message from her friend Samantha.
"Samantha is going to drop by the new place to say hi when we get to the new place if that is ok with you guys." Lexi warned her parents.
Samantha had always been one of Lexi's best friends for as long as she could remember and was soon to be her only friend besides her parent's and her younger brother.
The car finally pulled up behind the moving truck at their new house and the whole family got out of the car happy for the chance to stretch their legs. The drive was especially excruciating for Lexi who still had stiff legs from her gymnastics workout early that morning. With college coming up, Lexi had to practice long and hard in the hopes of recieving a gymnastics scholarship to a decent university.
"My legs hurt so bad!" Lexi Whined as she hopped out of the car. "Do you guys mind if I go for a quick walk before unloading boxes?"
"Go for it Lex" her mom replied "We are going to get started in the meantime."
Lexi started down the block just now realizing how hot it was. The temperature was hotter than she was used to despite the fact that she was wearing only a tight white mini skirt and burnt orange tube top which went well against her well tanned skin. Lexi had been fortunate to recieve amazing genetics resulting in her abnormal beauty. She had clean clear skin which tanned to a dark brown, blue eyes and curly blonde hair. As she grew up her body developed to perfection. Throughout school, Lexi had always been popular based solely on her looks though she had a nice personality as well. She was smart and athletic which led to her enrolling in gymnastics. Lexi was slim and petit with nice perky breasts. The only adversity she had met in school was from other jealous girls who would speculate as to whether or not Lexi had received a boob job.
As Lexi turned the corner, the ocean breeze caused her skirt to lift a little as Lexi quickly pushed it back down.
"This is why I hate wearing such short skirts!" Lexi thought.
Lexi was typically very modest but the hot weather forced her to show more skin in an effort to keep cool.
"BARK BARK!"
A dog came bounding up from behind scaring Lexi
"Don't worry, she's friendly!"
The dog came up to Lexy sniffing at her thighs and licking her legs.
"GET AWAY!" Lexi Squeeled
"I'm sorry, I wanted her off the leash. I'm working on an art project to see through the eyes of a dog. That's why there is a video camera on her collar."
"A what??"
Lexi suddenly noticed the strange looking collar and worried about the view it may have gotten up her skirt.
"Delete that video right now you pervert!" Lexi yelled, causing people in their yards to glance over.
"I'm so sorry, that isn't what I meant to do, you can delete it right now." The boy said taking off the collar and handing it to Lexi.
Lexi grabbed the camera and deleted the video without even looking at it and threw it on the ground.
"Now get away from me you freak!" She said as she stamped off
The boy, who was about the same age as Lexi looked pissed off as he grabbed his damaged camera off the ground all the while glaring at Lexi.
Lexi had not meant to lose it like that on that boy. She had always been a bit afraid of big dogs and had over reacted. He should have kept the dog under control but she knew she had not treated him well. She felt bad as this boy looked like someone who obviously could not have been very popular. These thoughts left her mind as she approached home just as her friend Samantha was walking up to her house beside some guy who was obviously too handsome to be in a relationship with Samantha.
"LEX!" Samantha exclaimed running up
"Sam, it's so good to see you again! and who is this?"
"Oh, this is my friend Mike"
Lexi wasted no time grabbing Mike's hand and introducing herself. While they stood there chatting, Lexi was oblivious Mike's gaze directly at her chest. This behaviour was not missed by Samantha however who stood there fuming as she had had a crush on Mike since moving to town. This had always been the case with Lexi's friends. As soon as any guy saw her, they would lose interest in Lexi's friends as they tried to impress Lexi in an effort to get in her pants. These efforts were always for naught however as Lexi was saving herself for marriage.
Before the conversation ended and Lexi left to help unpack, Sam mentioned the upcoming beach festival.
"You should come" Sam said, "There will be rides and performers. It is the biggest event that happens here all year. Everybody goes and it's happening this Saturday."
"I'll be sure to come then" Lex said getting excited at the thought.
"I'll come by before hand to pick you up so we can go swimming first"
Sam and Mike left as Lexi went inside
Lexi began to unpack as she noticed that she could not find some boxes.
"Mom, I'm missing some clothes and some other boxes from my room!"
"Sorry dear, the movers couldn't fit it all in one trip apparently and will bring it all here next monday."
Lexi could do without most of her missing stuff but realized she didn't have a swimsuit. She decided to text Sam asking where was a good place to buy one and received a reply that they would go find on first thing on Saturday.
The Saturday of the festival
Lexi woke up having just been dreaming about a steamy encounter with Mike. Waking up like this always turned Lexi on in a way that required satisfaction. While Lexi had never had sex, she had experimented with masturbation occasionally and had bought herself a vibrator months ago. She leaned over to her bedside drawer to pull it out when she realized that it wasn't there. She suddenly realized it was in one of the boxes that hadn't made it. Lexi had worked herslef to a point where her body needed satisfaction though and she just wasn't in the mood to use her hands so she snuck downstairs to find something she could use. She was in luck, her parents were still asleep. She couldn't let them know she partook in this activity as they would be disappointed in her. They thought of Lex as their little angel who had never experienced anything of a sexual nature. As she searched around she could not find anything. She remembered her parents having bought hotdogs the other day. It wasn't an ideal situation but she was becoming more anxious to find relief to her desires and grabbed a hotdog before sneaking back to her room. She would masturbate quickly and then go shower quick and clean off any juice the hotdog left behind. As soon as she got back to her room she heard her parents leave theirs and head to the kitchen. The hotdog was working better than she would have believed. After about 20 minutes she was so close to climax when the doorbell suddenly rang surprising her and bringing her just over the edge. She lay their a moment shuddering in ecstasy when she realized footsteps coming toward her room. She quickly pulled on her pajamas just in time as Sam knocked and entered the room.
"Rise and shine Lex, we have to get an early start if we are going to make it to the beach in time to find a good spot. Can you get ready quick?" Sam said
Lexi was completely caught off guard
"I'll do my best. We still need to go get me a swimsuit though"
"Surprise! I got you a little housewarming gift"
Lexi opened it and found a bikini. A much skimpier bikini than she would have ever bought for herself.
"I thought it would save us some time and it just looked so gorgeous that I wanted you to have it. Put it on quick and get ready so we can hit the beach!"
Sam left the room as Lexi held up the bikini. This was definitely something her dad would not approve of her wearing in public and she herself was shy to wear it despite having the body of a goddess. But what could she do, Sam was now her best friend and she didn't want to offend her. He put on the bikini noting it was smaller than what she would normally buy causing her breast to pop out just a bit above and even just a bit below. Lexi thought it should be fine for swimming and sunbathing just as long as she was careful as she pulled a baggy t-shirt which read varsity gymnastics over top.
The girls got ready to leave and Lexi went to give her dad a hug as he watched the weather report.
"...40% chance of showers later today" the tv droned in the background.
"We are off to the beach before the festival dad. Will you guys be checking it out?"
"I think we will drop by later to see some of the performers, hopefully we will see you there" her dad replied.
The girls said goodbye and left walking down to the beach. As they walked along the boardwalk there were tents and curtains everywhere. Cameras set up and displayed the footage via livestreams to giant screens around town and onto the county news so people could watch from home. Lexi noted that this was definitely a big event. The girls became sidetracked by the venders who set up and spend a couple hours exploring in the end making them later to head to the beach than they had hoped. They were walking along the boardwalk looking for a place where there was still room to set up for the beach when and man in a flashy uniform chased after them.
"Excuse me miss, do you have a second?" he exclaimed.
"Um sure, I guess" Lexi said biting her lip.
"Sorry to bother you but I am having a horrible day. I am a knife thrower performing at the festival today but I just got the news that my assistant's flight never came in. Unfortunately in order to replace her I need someone very flexible and I just happened to notice your shirt. Are you actually a gymnast?"
"Uh, yeah"
"Great! Look, I know this is weird but would you mind filling in for her? If you can provide a swimsuit, I can provide the rest of the uniform. I will pay you 500$ if you can help me out."
Lexi was shocked. She wasn't entirely comfortable doing this as she was shy of crowds, but 500$ wasn't something she felt she could just turn down with college next year.
"I guess I can help you out then" She said unsure of herself as he hurried her along to a tent where she could get ready.
After bringing her to the tent, the performer showed her her costume and left her to get changed. It was a snazzy outfit which was rigged to tear off of her as he threw knives at her. She wasn't overly fond of the idea of knives being thrown at her nor clothes being ripped off but she needed the money. The performer brought her out of the tent to the stage where there was a curtain separating her from the audience she could hear outside. It was very loud hearing the crowd so close as the performer brought her to a large transparent wheel. As she was set up, she understood why she needed to be flexible. As she got hooked up to the wheel she was practically forced to do the splits. She was becoming unsure of what she had gotten herself into. The stage was outdoors and she could see clouds gathering overhead. Before she knew it the curtains opened and the performer came closer having just performed much of his show in front of the curtain. Thousands of people stood before her and she could see herself on large screens far off showing the view from all angles of the stage.
The performer began the next stunt standing in front of Lexi preparing to throw the knife. He threw knives which stuck in the wheel all around her before the finale. He threw a knife striking the plate which caused her top to fly off leaving her in her bikini top and baggy shorts. She looked down anxiously reassured to see her bikini top firmly in place. Suddenly, the wheel began to spin. Lexi was shocked as she began to rotate. Fear began to build as she worried whether the knife would hit her but as she turned upside down a new fear of her breast popping out of her top became stronger. In a split second, the knife collided tearing away her shorts just as a cloud burst and a torrent of rain cascaded on the crowd and stage. The rain was insane, the crowd instantly ran for cover, and to Lexi's dismay, so did the performers. Lexi was just there slowly rotating on the wheel in the rain. As Lexi spun upside down and back again, her perky breasts slowly shifted threatening to slip out from their inadequate covering.

One day earlier
Sam was still pissed that Mike had obviously been infatuated by Lexi's body. This had not been the first time Lexi had stolen the attention of Sam's crush from her and she wanted to get even. She thought about what she could do and came up with a plan. She suffered from anger problems and knew partly that this was over the top but decided to follow through anyway. She Found some special dissolving thread and bought a bikini that looked about Lexi's size. She brought it home and cut a few select seams and stitched them together with the thread. She was going to embarrass Lexi at the beach tomorrow!

Back to Saturday
As Lexi slowly rotated upside down again, soaking wet as she was, she felt something in her bikini top give and her right breast slid out. She was unable to do anything strapped to the wheel as she was and felt the top slide right off as she returned to an upright position. Lexi was mortified. She struggled against the restraints to no avail wondering why nobody would help her. The rain was continuing strong keeping people hiding in their shelters. The wheel turned upside down again and she could feel her breasts as they shifted their weight around and around. Lexi's only joy was in that the crowd had disappeared but was quickly shattered when she remembered the cameras surrounding the transparent wheel displaying her in her topless state on screens throughout the city. As the cameras were all operated by volunteers, there was no coordination in shutting down the feed allowing the footage to continue playing. Lexi felt the side of her bottoms give out and was on the verge of tears. As she rotated again she saw her bottoms fall past her face as she remained strapped to the wheel spread eagle and completely nude. The cameras could see everything as she turned including her tight ass pressed against the transparent wheel. This could not be any worse.
At that moment the wheel suddenly stopped turning and left Lexi upright. Finally something positive was happening. As Lexi remained in tears thinking about what her parents must think seeing this broadcast throughout the city she heard a startling noise.
"BARK BARK"
The dog with the funny collar came bounding onto the stage and began sniffing her. Licking her thighs and sniffing, the dog caught the scent of hot dogs and began licking Lexi's perfectly shaved pussy.
Lexi felt a feelings of ecstasy as the dog aggressively licked at the remaining hotdog juices. Lexi had never been touched here by someone other than herself and felt incredibly fearful and the dog induced feelings in her that she couldn't believe. She panicked as her body betrayed her causing her back to arch against the wheel to which she was strapped. The dog's owner ran up and retrieved the dog.
"I won't be deleting what the camera got this time. Maybe if you had treated me like a human when we last met we could have avoided this." The boy sneered as he ran off with the dog.
Lexi just wanted to die. Finally, Sam cam running up with a blanket and wrapped her up, releasing the restraints.
"I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. I never imagined this would happen when I gave you that bikini!"
Hearing these words from her friend added thoughts of revenge to the already present thoughts which filled Lexi's mind as she stood there soaking wet and crying."


