A Room With A View
by TravellerInTime

A slave is forcibly exposed naked as part of her training.

"Do you trust me slave?" he asked.

"Yes Master," she replied.

"Very good, because today is going to be trying for you, but you must trust me."

A slight tremor of apprehension ran through her naked body but she stood still in front of him, determined to make him proud.

"You have learned to please me in many ways but I still know you are reticent about doing things in public. That will be challenged today."

"Do you still wish to serve me?" he asked gently.

"Please Master, can't it be anything else," she almost cried.

"No slave, you must be brave today but all will be well."

She took a deep breath, squared her shoulders then said, "yes Master, i want to serve you more than anything else".

The pride she saw in his eyes more than made up for the fear.

He drove she knew not where as he had made her wear wrap around sunglasses that had been blacked out on the inside. To people outside the car they looked perfectly normal but on the inside she was driving blind. She completely lost track of where she was. So many turns and twists she began to suspect they were deliberate.

Eventually he stopped the car and had her get out. A small wait and then he led her groping through a doorway and then through a couple of rooms. At last he stopped and she heard him talking to a stranger. She was so wrapped up in what was to come she didn't really hear anything that was said. She did hear the following orders.

"Take your robe off slave," he ordered.

The fear was terrible.

"Take them off slave," he demanded again. "I don't want to have to say this again," he added irritably.

With trembling knees she did as she was ordered.

"I know this is hard but trust me slave," he whispered in her ear.

He gave her a comforting hug before leading her up a couple of steps. At the top he led her through a doorway and then turned her around to face him and the steps.

"Slave, you are going to be presented with an opportunity to deal with your public fears. Make the most use of it. You will be here for a few hours and you have permission to masturbate and cum as many times as you like."

With that he took the glasses off, stepped back down the steps and closed the door behind him.

She turned around to see where she was then almost screamed with fear. She flung herself down in a corner cringing at the sight she beheld. The room was a cube about 2 meters on a side. The walls were a dull matt grey but what had set her off was the wall on the other side. It was shear glass and she was looking onto a busy arcade with multitudes of people bustling by. There were kids and mums, men in business suits or grunge. So many people and they could all see her in the shop window. It was awful. She tried futily covering herself but there was no clothing or anything she could use. In panic she tried going back through the door but it was locked and barred. She huddled in the corner with her knees drawn up and her ankles closed while she buried her head and whimpered in mortal embarrassment.

After a while she started to calm down and noticed something strange. No one was taking the slightest notice of her. They all went past sublimely indifferent to her. The answer came to her when she watched a man readjust his tie while looking into the room. It must be a one-way mirror she realized. She could see them but they couldn't see her. It was totally unnerving but at least she was safe. She slowly began to relax and take stock of her surroundings. On one side of the room was a toilet and sink facing the mirror while on the other side there was a small shelf. Part of the floor was deeply padded to form a sort of mattress. On the shelf was a bowl of fruit and a jug of water. She also saw a large dildo and vibrator with a packet of condoms and some lube beside them. Master's words just before he left came unbidden into her mind, as she realized fully what he had meant.

For while she just lay on the mattress trying to get comfortable with the situation. People streamed by and soon she found it fascinating to watch them undetected. She remembered Masters words.

'Make the most of this opportunity'.

She stood before the window with her legs apart and her tits out thrust. Despite what she knew about the glass it was so hard to do, as she felt so exposed. She started trying different positions. Turn around and present arse to the mirror. Bend over, spread legs wide and present the slutiest view possible. A crotch shot as well, as she sat on the mattress and opened her legs as wide as possible to the passing crowd.

After a while it almost became a yawn as nobody took any notice. She was also starting to get a bit wet from the situation. She eyed the dildo and vibrator and remembered the other instructions master had left.

'You may masturbate and cum as many times as you like'.

Did she dare, she wondered. The more she pondered the vibrator the wetter and hungrier she got. It wasn't very often that Master gave her permission like that, as he usually tightly controlled her orgasms. Licking her lips she crawled over and picked up the toys. She turned on the vibrator and gingerly brought it down to her clit. People continued to pass by as she thought of herself as a whore in a adult peep show. As soon as the vibrator made contact with her clit she knew she had lost the battle. With wild abandon she moved it around, slid it in and out of her cunt, all the while keeping her legs wide apart for the blind passer-by's. Within a minute she was stifling a scream, her breath coming out in ragged rasps, as she furiously came. She flopped back onto the mattress like limp jelly as a warm glow spread from her loins.

Time went by and she drank much of the water and consumed some of the fruit. It had got to the point now where she didn't take notice of the passing crowd. Then she was forced to take notice as she realized her bladder was getting full and she would need to take a pee. She knew this point in time had been coming and had dreaded it. Having to sit on the toilet having to pee while facing the world. There was no helping it though. She had to go. She stood up and moved to sit on the toilet. From her throne she looked out on the arcade then remembered Master's words about taking opportunities. She forced herself to open her knees wide apart. She was so nervous that nothing came out in spite of the pressure. Then, like a dam bursting, a great yellow stream came out to gush into the bowl. Strangely, she didn't feel as embarrassed as she thought she would. She washed her hands then went back to her mattress.

Time rolled by and she masturbated a couple more times. While she had the opportunity and permission she was going to make full use of it. Then, a wonderful sight. Master was standing in front of the glass preening his face. He did this for half a minute or so before giving a quick wave then disappearing from view. She wondered where she was. She couldn't see very far to either side and there was nothing to identify which area she was in. It was very mysterious as well as exciting. A few minutes after seeing Master in the window the door to the room opened and Master came in. She flew into his arms then knelt before him and thanked him for the experience.

The last thing she saw as he placed the darkened glasses on her was him smiling benignly down at her.

"I'm so proud of you my slave."
