Lilly's Birthday Massage
by Dirtyf 

Hi,

My name is Lilly and this is a story about when my mum got me a massage voucher for my birthday.

I had just got home after school and I had my mum greet me at the front door and she Immediately escorted me to the car saying she has a suprise for me for my birthday gift. I was pretty excited, but I was aslo a little worried. I didn't want to go anywhere fancy in my sweaty sports uniform.

I told mum "you could of given me time to change" and she said "Its okay, you'll be fine." I didn't know what to expect. My mum then pulled up to this day spa place and said "Suprise!! Your getting your first massage." I was definently taken by suprise! I thanked my mum and said "this will be fun, the both of us getting massaged." She then followed to say "Oh no dear, I have to go pick up your grandparents for tonights dinner for you. So you will be going in alone. But don't worry, I have organised everything for you."

I was pretty nervous at this point, but excited at the same time. As I walked through the front door this old asian guy greeted me. He then said "you Lilly?" I said "yes I am. He then said "good good, please follow me" he then lead me to a private room with a massage table in the middle. He then said "Please shower first and then lay on the table with no clothes" I was like WHAT! He then said "its okay, this normal."

I freaked out but did as he reqeusted. I showered and dried myself of and then layed on his table. I covered myself with a towel and just waited for him to come back.

He then came back with hks massage oil and started oiling my neck and back. He then followed to massage me. He was actually so amazing, I was able to finally relax after I realised his just doing his job. But then he pulled the towel down to do my butt cheeks. He really started to work my butt, he then said I neede to change positions to continue. He made me get on all fours and then arche my back. I felt so exposed, I can feel a breeze on my asshole and pussy and new I was so exposed.

He then started to massage asshole. I flinched but he pulled me back into position and said its okay it is all part of the massage. He then started to push a finger in. I then said " no no I don't want a finger there." But before i could even pull away, he jammed his whole finger in there. I yelled a little in pain and he said its okay honey it will feel good soon. I said "please stop it hurts" he then judt continued to finger my asshole.


Lilly's Bjrthday Massage pt 2

He continued fingering my asshole for what felt like a life time. My asshole felt like the ring of fire. I was in complete shock, I didn't know what to do. H
After her had finished, he washed his hands and came back and cleaned my sore asshole with a wet cloth.

He then just continued down my legs like nothing ever happened. I felt so violated, I was so exposed and my asshole was still burning and just when I thought it couldn't get worse he asked if I could turn over. I then told him " please can we finish now, I don't feel well" and his response was " its okay honey, this will make you feel better."

I didn't get a choice, I had to finish the massage. So I just turned over and straight away put one hand over my boobs and one over my pussy. He the adjusted my hands and pulled them down by my side and said its okay dear. This is all normal, I just closed my eyes and gritted my teeth as I exposed my body to him. But my eyes flew open as I felt my nipples getting pinched and pulled. I scream out in pain and begged him to stop. But he was pulling my puffy nipples straight up and rolling them in his fingers.

I was in so much pain and I could barely take the pain. He finally stopped and let me breath again. He then put cut cucumbers on my eyes and told me to relax. He then went on to massage my inner thighs. I kept on wriggling, because I was so sensative down there. Then ge stopped, then he said he was going to continue with a sensual massage. But I had no idea what a sensual massage is. Then between my legs I could feel this soft wet thing going up and down my pussy lips.

My eyes were covered, so I couldn't see what it is but I could feel it get bigger and harder. I didn't know what massage tool it was but I knew I was getting weird feelings down there. He massaged me with this tool for about 10 mins and during this massage, I couldn't help it but liquid squited out of my pussy and he just said "yes honey you feel good right " I didn't know what to say, this whole experience was so new to me.

He then said " now it is time for your oral massage, please open your mouth." I didn't know what else to do then listen to him. So I opened my mouth, then I felt him get on top of me and put his knees on either side of my head. I asked him what he was doing and I still couldn't see at this point but I can feel him on top of me and he just said "honey I am just getting into position to massage your mouth with my massage tool.

So I just said okay. He then instructed me to open my mouth. So I did, then he slid this slimmy hard thing into my mouth. It tasted like my pussy, he must not have washed the tool in between. He then started moving this thing up and down my throut. He pumped this thing in there, I was gaging and coughing and he just kept going. He then said we are going to go deeper amd before I knew it he was forcing it down my thout and I couldn't breath. He held it in there so long and My whole body started ti shake and I started hitting him with my hands and he pulled out. He then said "Good girl, you are doing so well." He continued to jam my throut and before he finished my oral massage he squirted some massage juice in my mouth.

It was so salty, he even made me clean his tool by sucking it clean.

My mum finally came back to get me and he first response was "you look wrecked, your face is so messy and you can't even walk straight." I then said "yeah it was pretty full on." Then my mum said to the man "she looks pretty wrecked, she must of been pretty tight?" Then he said "yes very tight, especially in her lower back area." Then mum said " well I better book another massage then, maybe can I pay for 2 massueses to massage her at once, she looks like she needs it." I then said "NO NO IT OKAY" then mum said " I want to spoil you dear"

So she booked me another massage with 2 massues at once and she asked if the could really stretch my lower back and at that point I was about to faint. As soon as we got home, I showered and brushed my teeth and put some ice on my asshole to stop the burning. I was not looking forward to my next massage.


Lilly's Massage Pt 3

Well if you read my last blogs then you will know. My massues is no ordinary massues and this is no ordinary day spa.

After my last massage I was wrecked to say the least. It took me weeks to recover. I was too embarrassed to admit why I was in pain. So I just told my mum that she was right, I was just tight. But I told her not to worry about booking another massage, I told her I would just stretch.

But she insisted I go because she had already booked two massueses to massage me. I was dreaded what was to come, I barely survived the first massage.

The week couldn't have gone any quicker, it Saturday before I knew it and time for my massage. She dropped me there again alone and told me she was going out for brunch with some friends of hers and she would come back for me.

I walked into the day spa and the same old asain man was there but with another old friend of his. They both just smiled and said "come come my dear, come shower first then massage" I then responded by saying "please last time to much pressure and to rough, please go gentle."

Then they both bowed at me and walked away. I showered in peace and then layed on the table naked like last time with a towel over my butt. The the 2 asain men returned and got right into business. One was working on my legs and one on my back. I have to admit, I did enjoy this moment. But the nice dream quickly came to a end as it was time for the next part of my massage.

He then said to me "Honey I now have a massage tool for both ends and for your comfort, we will blind fold you to keep the peace." I could feel the same long tool he massage me with last time, he was using it to massage my pussy now while I am on all fours. Then unlike last time when he used his finger, he used his tool to massage my asshole. It was a lot bigger than a finger. As I yelped the other massues shoved his tool in my mouth.

He bounced me back and forth like a tennis ball. My asshole wis ripping open on one end and my thoat was getting stuffed at the other end. Like last time he squirted massage juice in my thoat and the other squirted his juice in my ass. I had to suck his tool clean again and then he made me suck the other asian guys tool clean too. I difn't really want to because it came out of me ass. But I had no choice. It was so salty and goopy in my mouth.

My mum came to pick me up and she was shocked. She said " Honey your so red in the face and you got massage oil all over your face and hair and she ask if I could shower here before I left, because I was so messy. They said it would be fine, when I turned around she said she could see more oil coming from between my legs dripping down my leg and I didn't realize, his massage juice is coming out of my ass.

That was a massage I would never forget.

