Laura 06 - Laura's Old Men Gangbang

Laura visits Geoff and his friends.

Continued from Laura Goes Dogging...

Laura was lying idly in bed, she'd been awake for a while but she didn't have the energy to get up. It was a Saturday, so no work or Uni, Laura was going to have a very lazy day. It was also the day after Laura's dogging site visit.

John had taken her back to his and Joan's house afterwards, where she'd had a shower, mostly just sitting on the floor letting the water run over her, then slept in their spare bedroom. Slept wasn't very accurate, she was exhausted and her pussy ached as much as her body, so she awoke early, made her excuses to Joan, and headed home. Once home she'd undressed, put all her clothes to be washed and threw away her ripped stockings.

Lying naked in bed, she'd opened a window and threw the quilt off herself, the morning breeze cooling on her body. She switched on the TV and found an old film to watch. Her mind kept wandering to the night before and she found herself less and less concentrating on the TV.

As much as she was tired, she had enjoyed the night. Several strangers taking her, ending with the fat old man that John knew, (what was his name again? thought Laura), and John double penetrating her the icing on the cake.

Laura remembered the old man's big cock and how good it had felt filling her up, and she put a hand to her pussy. She removed it as quickly, she was still a little sore down there, she needed to abstain and let it rest. She moved her hands to under her pillows, tried to watch the film, and fell asleep.

A noise awoke her about an hour later, her phone message tone had sounded and a flashing light could be seen. She rubbed her eyes, reached for the phone, and opened the screen to read the message. It was from John.

"Hope you enjoyed last night, I know Geoff did. He has an offer for you but wants you to phone him. Too much to explain by message. Didn't want to give him your number outright. John." The message ended with a mobile number.

Geoff. That was his name. Laura remembered now, John had said he was Joan's brother. She wondered what he wanted with her? She got up and went downstairs to make something to eat, she'd make him wait before deciding whether to phone him.

She took her meal back up to the bedroom and ate while watching TV. The message had made her think about Geoff's cock again. Did he want to fuck her again? While he was certainly not a looker, that cock of his was very nice.

Two hours later, and still not being able to stop thinking about his cock, she decided to see what he wanted.

"Hi, is that Geoff, it's Laura."

"Oh hello, I wasn't sure if you'd phone or not, thanks for doing so," Geoff replied.

"John said you have an offer for me, and I was intrigued enough to see what you had in mind?" Laura told him.

"Well, there is a group of five of us, all about my age, who photo and video women. We'll pay for your time of course, and we make sure to cover all the faces on both the photographs and the videos. The guys would be really happy if you could be persuaded to?" Geoff told her.

"You all want to fuck me and video it?" Laura replied, her mind working overtime, "I'd want at least £500 then," she continued. She thought the price might put them off and wondered if she'd asked for too much.

Geoff paused before answering. They'd paid Katie the same amount just for posing and masturbating for them, this girl was willing to fuck them all for the same money.

"£500 sounds reasonable, for the night. I'll talk to the guys to make sure they're up for it. Shouldn't need much persuading though."

"Let me know when then," Laura answered, "but not for a few days at least, last night wore me right out."

Geoff ended the call, a massive smile on his face. He hadn't been able to believe his luck when John had contacted him and described her. The lucky bastard had found her tied to a tree, and his wife, Geoff's sister, had encouraged him to fuck her while she watched. He sounded like he was describing Katie, and having her plead with him to fuck her at the end of the photoshoot, meeting someone so very similar was amazing. Only his agreement with Paul had stopped him from doing so.

As soon as he got to the dogging site and clapped eyes on her, the resemblance was uncanny, except she was taller. As soon as she starting wanking him off his thoughts went back to Katie, and he almost embarrassed himself coming so quickly. Luckily watching the others take turns on her got him going again, and when he finally sunk his length into her he imagined again it was Katie instead.

Now she would be coming to his house hopefully, and in the back of his mind, he hoped Katie would be around to watch, maybe even getting jealous. As he thought it, Katie appeared in her bedroom, naked after her shower. Geoff settled into his big leather armchair, ready to enjoy Katie's latest show.

Katie wandered around her bedroom naked, as she usually did. She didn't even bother looking towards Geoff's house, she just assumed that he would be watching. It wasn't just wandering around, Katie hadn't changed her masturbation routine either, if Geoff was watching then so be it. After the photoshoot where she'd given blowjobs and let all five men shoot their loads over her, hiding away would be pointless now.

Her only disappointment of that night was pleading with Geoff to fuck her, especially knowing that Paul was watching from their balcony. He still knew nothing about Katie mistakenly fucking another guy at the fancy dress party, Katie thinking it was Paul until it was too late. She hadn't slept with anyone else while with Paul, despite having several conquests where men had been blown, and came over her. Paul had told her it didn't matter, as Geoff hadn't taken up her offer. Katie was still ashamed that she'd even suggested it to him. She enjoyed showing herself off to men, but fucking them wasn't on her agenda.

Laura however was almost the polar opposite. Geoff's phone call had stirred her insides again, her pussy getting damp thinking of having sex with Geoff and his friends. He'd said there were five of them, and her mind raced thinking of ways to accommodate them. She didn't care that he'd said they were all in their sixties like him, as long as they gave her a good seeing to. The fact they would be paying her too was a bonus. Despite being sore from last night, she wished it was as soon as possible.

Laura went to the window looking out onto the street and gazed out like she was looking for someone, her firm 36C breasts perfectly on a show for anyone walking past. She noticed a couple of older guys across the road looking but trying not to be obvious, and Laura watched them back while pretending she hadn't seen them. She reached above her head like she was stretching, then started to rub at her nipples, cupping her breasts and pointing them right at them. They'd both stopped to stare now, but Laura kept up the pretence that she'd not seen them. She smiled and walked away from the window. Any more excitement and she'd need to masturbate, so she went for a cold shower.

Geoff had phoned around the guys. Eric couldn't believe Geoff had found a girl who would go further than Katie for the same price. They all decided to set up the video cameras in the same locations, as the videos and finished edit of Katie had captured everything. All were to bring their cameras too, although stopping to take pictures would be the least likely thing to happen hopefully.

Geoff phoned Laura later that day and asked if the following Saturday would be fine with her. He also said he'd spoken to John, who'd agreed to drive Laura down to Geoff's house, and drive her back later, so she could sleep through the hour-long journey if she wanted.

"John's coming too? Laura asked Geoff.

"Well he's hoping he will be, he doesn't just want to be your chauffeur," Geoff replied cheekily.

Laura agreed. Being driven would be much easier than trying to find Geoff's house herself, and it meant an extra cock too. The more the merrier thought Laura. The week would pass by very slowly.

It was Wednesday now, and Katie noticed that she hadn't seen Geoff watching her. Paul had gone away for two weeks on a job, so Katie was all alone. She was cooking dinner, naked, and looked up towards Geoff's bedroom. She noticed him looking at her, she knew he could see her as she'd seen the view while changing during the photo shoot. Without thinking, she waved, and he waved back, then moved away from the window. Katie thought that strange, as he normally couldn't tear himself away. She turned off the hobs, and went up to her bedroom, and opened the windows to the balcony. Geoff was still in his bedroom but was sitting down on his bed. Katie was a little put out that he wasn't watching her intently like normal. A little frustrated with him, she decided to show off for him.

She went back into her bedroom and selected a large dildo, and went out onto her balcony. She started to rub at her pussy, and noticed Geoff watching. When wet enough, she inserted the dildo and started to fuck herself. Geoff wasn't just watching, he was videoing her again. She wished he was in his living room, as the bedroom window obstructed her view of his cock. Just thinking about it made her squirm, and she thrust the dildo frantically and as hard as possible. She came, shuddering and holding onto the balustrade to support herself. Getting her senses back, she looked across and noticed Geoff had gone.

Katie was disappointed that he didn't seem as interested in her. She did notice however that Geoff's neighbour had had an extension built on the back of their house, and she thought she saw the curtains to their new balcony move a little.

Geoff moved away from the window, a little sadness coming over him. Katie had just dildoed herself for him, and he'd videoed it of course, but he was trying not to masturbate, to save himself for the weekend for Laura. The video would have to save for a rainy day. Talking of rain, as it was a bit cooler today but not supposed to rain, Geoff decided to go and water the plants in his garden. He hadn't been out long when he heard a voice calling him. He noticed his neighbour Jim on his new balcony, waving. He'd only spoken to him once when he asked Geoff if he minded them building the extension which housed the balcony above it. Jim was in his early fifties, quite rugged, and owned his own construction business. His family had moved from Jamaica about a year before he was born.

"Hi, random question," said Jim, "Do you know the neighbours up the street?" Jim asked, pointing at Paul and Katie's house.

"I've seen them a couple of times, why?" answered Geoff.

"I just wondered, I thought I saw her earlier that's all," Jim replied.

Geoff finished watering his plants and went into the house. He went to his computer and sent Katie an email.

"Just giving you a heads up that my neighbour may be watching you now too, not sure how good a view he has to your bedroom though," Geoff sent.

"Is that because you're getting bored of watching me, or are you getting jealous that he gets to watch too?" Katie replied.

"I'll never be bored of watching you," Geoff answered, "In fact, you can watch me instead on Saturday night. Set up a video camera as Paul did for you."

Katie re-read the email. Watch Geoff? What was he planning on doing? She was as intrigued as she was puzzled. Paul wasn't around so she'd have nothing better to do, and if he wanted her to video it must be something decent. Still naked, she decided to move around her room, seeing if there was any movement from Geoff's neighbour. She kept glancing over towards the balcony, not making it obvious, but also not being able to tell.

She picked up her sunglasses and went out onto the balcony to lie on her sunlounger. Twisting it so it faced towards the garden, she'd be able to see if anyone was about. After a few minutes, she saw the curtains moving, a small gap appearing where someone was peeping. She opened her legs a little more, the curtains definitely moved now. She sat up and started to apply more suncream, keeping her legs on either side of the lounger. She took extra long doing her breasts and upper thighs. She lay back, and the curtains opened.

She was taken by surprise when a large-breasted blonde girl in a bikini walked out onto the balcony, leaned on the edge, and stared straight towards Katie. She was looking at Katie for a few seconds when she was joined by a man. The blonde looked around the same age as Katie, maybe in her late teens or early twenties, the man was older and black. Not as old as Geoff, but probably about fiftyish. He was wearing a pair of tight shorts, his naked upper body in good shape for his age. He walked up to the blonde, ground his cock against her, and reached around to play with her nipples, both the blonde and the man now staring at Katie.

The blonde looked around, then slid her bottoms down her ass. She reached behind her, and then Katie saw her groan. Only subtle movements followed, but enough for Katie to realise they were fucking while watching her. Katie felt herself getting turned on, but didn't want to let on she'd seen them. She wondered about his cock, remembering what her friend Claire had told her about the one at the glory hole. The biggest she'd had, she'd pleaded with her boyfriend Pete to let her fuck it.

Katie lifted her legs so her feet were on the lounger, spreading her legs further. She brushed her hands across the backs of her thighs, making out she was knocking something off them. The blondes breasts moved more and more as the guy fucked her quicker, and then they both groaned almost in unison. They then turned and returned to the house. The show over, Katie went and selected her favourite suction dildo before going into her ensuite shower.

Saturday came and Laura started to get a few things ready. She'd dressed in her favourite outfit, khaki shorts and a vest top, with her hair in a ponytail, but didn't think any of them would get the Lara Croft resemblance. She'd packed a few lingerie items, unsure of what to wear, into a small backpack, and also a couple of dildos although she wasn't sure if she'd need them or not. John was going to pick her up at around 6 pm, she'd sent him her address after finding out Geoff only lived around fifteen minutes from her. John turned up almost exactly at the correct time, and much as driving to the dogging site he was almost silent for the entire journey. He did ask if she was still okay with the arrangement, Laura smiling and telling him she was damp from thinking about it, and reaching over and rubbing her hand over his crotch, told him it was going to be an enjoyable evening.

They arrived at Geoff's, where they had arranged the same set-up as the photo shoot with Katie, a large plastic sheet covering nearly the entire floor, and the chairs in a semi-circle around it, leaving an unobstructed view of the french windows and up to Katie's house. Laura surveyed the room and looked out into the garden, her mind working overdrive. She checked out Geoff's friends and then asked if she could get changed somewhere and if they had any preferences. Geoff showed her to his bedroom and told her they'd be happy in whatever she was comfortable in.

Katie had been pacing around for a while. She'd eaten early as Geoff hadn't said what time she needed to watch out for him. It was a pleasant evening so she'd set up the video camera on a tripod out on the balcony and also set the internal camera ready to record her bedroom too. She'd checked the laptop, and made sure the camera was zoomed in enough to take in as much of Geoff's living room as possible. While doing so she'd noticed the same guys from her photoshoot setting up the room the same.

She'd been in and out of her bedroom a few times now and then noticed movement in Geoff's bedroom. She saw Geoff point to his bed, then a brunette started undressing. Katie did a doubletake. She could only see her top half, but she looked remarkably like herself. When she took her bra off, Katie noticed her breasts looked large but firm against her slim figure. Katie started to wonder if he'd found someone that looked like her on purpose. Was that his point in wanting her to watch?

Laura undressed in Geoff's bedroom, unaware of her voyeur. She'd decided on a sexy but simple outfit, black stockings with a black lace suspender belt, which she put on before sliding on a matching black lace thong and bra. She completed this with a pair of black heels, looked in her bag and pulled out two dildos, both realistic looking but different sizes. The larger one was eight inches long, the other six inches. She also pulled out some lengths of silk, each about six feet long. She looked at herself in the large mirror in the room, smiled at herself, and went downstairs.

Eric showed her to the middle of the room, where they all circled taking in the view. She asked Bob if there was another chair, and he fetched it and placed it in the centre where she pointed to. She told them all to take their seats, then started sexy dancing, facing each one in turn. She removed her bra, and rubbed her nipples until they were fully erect, then bent over in front of each one, making sure they got a good view of her dampened pussy. She turned her back to Geoff, bent over keeping her legs straight and instructed him to pull down her thong. He did so slowly, making sure his podgy fingers touched the insides of her thighs as much as possible, but just close enough to her pussy to tease her.

She picked up the silk lengths and sat on the chair. She beckoned Arthur over and told him to tie her to the chair. There were four pieces, one for each arm and leg. Her arms were tied behind the chair, and with her movements restricted, told them all once they were undressed she was all theirs.

Katie looked down from her balcony at the scene in Geoff's living room. She'd turned off her bedroom light, checking the laptop to make sure it hadn't affected the bedroom camera recording, although the lights from Geoff's were shining across her garden anyway. She watched the girl stripping off, admiring her choice of underwear. Although she wasn't part of the show, she quickly ran inside and slipped on a pair of crotchless pantyhose. Katie loved the feel of nylon on herself and coupled with watching the show in Geoff's house, was getting turned on.

She watched as Arthur looked like he was tying her to a chair, then he wandered off and came back with something else. Whatever he'd got, it was used to form a blindfold. Now the show was going to start properly, as the old men started to undress. Katie watched them do so, and when Geoff removed his trousers and his cock sprang out, her hand dropped to her pussy.

Laura was sitting on the chair, blindfolded now with the tea towel that Arthur had fetched. She quivered in anticipation, hearing them undressing but unable to see. She felt hands on each breast, squeezing and rubbing her nipples, another hand squeezing what he could grab of her arse. She felt something hot by her mouth and stuck out her tongue to receive a cock. It pushed right in, a hand holding her head as he fucked her mouth slowly.

"Before we get right into business, is there anything you don't want us to do?" she heard Geoff ask her. The owner of the cock in her mouth removed it so she could answer.

"I'm on the pill but I'd prefer if you didn't come up my pussy, I don't want any old man babies! But you can come anywhere else," Laura answered.

All of the guys took turns getting Laura to blow them, Geoff saving his turn until last. He rubbed his cock all over her face, then held it still while she tried to force her mouth on it. She managed a few inches only, so Geoff wanked into her mouth for a while. When he removed his cock Laura asked him to remove her blindfold. six old men and their erections confronted her, John with a big smile on his face.

"This isn't much fun one at a time," Laura said, "Let's take things a little further."

She got them to untie her from the chair, picked up the silk bondage strips, and wandered out through the french windows into the garden. There was a line prop for a washing line. Laura tied one to her wrist, lifted her arms, and threw the other end over the top. She told Eric to tie the other end to her other wrist and replace the blindfold.

Katie wondered what was happening as they all seemed to leave the girl alone, then she watched them untie her from the chair, then she walked into Geoff's garden. She altered the angle of the tripod a little as it had been focused solely on the living room. She was then tied to Geoff's line prop in the garden, and then the old men all gathered around her again. She noticed there was another man who she didn't recognise, who would rub his fingers along her pussy and then put them in her mouth. She licked them clean with great relish.

Katie's hand wandered back to her pussy as she watched various hands squeezing her lookalike's ass and tits, and fingering her, imagining it was her instead. She started to rub at her clit when she saw Geoff appear naked, his big erection jutting out in front of him, position himself between her legs and start to rub between her legs.

Geoff was starting to realise what a great choice this girl had been. Watching her at the dogging site had been good, but the way she was taking control tonight despite there being six old men with her, left him in awe. Now outside in his garden, in stockings and suspenders and tied up and blindfolded, he was impressed.

He watched the others with their hands all over Laura, John fingering her pussy and then getting her to lick her fingers clean, he stood stroking his cock at the sight in front of him. He looked upwards and saw Katie adjusting the camera angle while fingering herself, Katie herself wearing either crotchless pantyhose, or she'd ripped the crotch out of some.

He strode over to Laura, opened her legs a little more, and rubbed her pussy with his erection. He rubbed along her entire length, from her clit to her arsehole, her groans getting louder and louder. He twisted her around so her back was to him, and did the same again from her arsehole to her clit. He took more time leaving his cock at the entrance to her arse and pushing slightly, teasing her that he was going to enter her. Laura groaned louder still.

He told Eric to fetch the two dildos that Laura had bought with her. Using one each, they rubbed them both along her pussy to lube them up, then used them on her holes, Geoff using the smaller one in Laura's arse. Laura starting shaking like mad as they thrust them in simultaneously, matching each other to perfection. Arthur reached forward and rubbed her clit, and Laura came, her screams of pleasure ringing out into the night air.

With Laura blindfolded, the guys concentrating on her, and Katie busy watching them all, nobody noticed Geoff's blonde next door neighbour viewing from her balcony, completely naked and riding slowly on a dildo.

Laura screamed out as her orgasm flew through her. She didn't know who'd bought out her dildos but they did the trick, but she hoped that was just her first orgasm of the night. She'd felt a cock rubbing along her pussy before that, and wasn't sure but assumed it was Geoff's. That had taken her most of the way there but a dildo in both her arse and pussy were the icing on the cake.

The guys untied her and took off the blindfold, and she asked if they wanted to bring out the plastic sheet to continue in the garden. Bob told her the cameras were only set up to record inside and not the garden. Laura returned to the house and going straight to the middle of the floor, got down on all fours.

Arthur knelt in front of her and she started to blow him, stopping only when Eric roughly thrust his cock into her pussy, and started fucking her hard. She continued to blow Arthur, but before coming he moved and was replaced by Bob. Geoff sat in his armchair watching on, stroking his large cock while looking up towards Katie.

Katie had re-adjusted the tripod camera and checked the laptop to make sure it was still recording. Her heart jumped as she saw Geoff's cock on the screen. She went to her bedside table, opened her toys drawer, and took out a new dildo she'd treated herself to. It was both ten inches long and ten inches in girth, the biggest dildo she now owned. She hadn't told Paul about this one, as it reminded her of Geoff's cock. It was complete with a set of realistic balls and had a suction base. She knew how wet she was, but grabbed a jar of vaseline too.

She'd just set the dildo down and smothered it in vaseline when Geoff stood up and left the room. Where was he going she thought, seconds later he walked back into the room with more people. It was the blonde and the black man she'd seen on the balcony earlier!

Geoff heard his front door knock. Who could that be at this time, he wasn't expecting anyone. He shuffled to the door, opening it only a little so whoever it was couldn't see his state of undress. He looked out and saw Jim and a young blonde lady.

"Hi," said Geoff, "Can I help you?"

"Well, this may be a little awkward, but you were making rather a lot of noise in the garden, so we had to see what was going on," said Jim.

"I'm sorry, we're having a little fun and it spilt out into the garden, I apologise again," answered Geoff

"A little fun looked like far too many men for one woman," said the blonde giggling.

Geoff looked at her, her heaving bosom staring at him. Only then did he realise her top was seethrough and she had no bra on. He looked down at her body. It looked like a mesh top that had shrunk, and apart from that, she wore a thong, some heels, and a very big smile. Jim broke the silence.

"We were hoping to be invited in, to join in, if that's okay?"

Geoff opened the door, and they entered the living room.

"Laura, this is Jim and erm, sorry I don't know your partners' name?" said Geoff.

"It's Abigail, but call me Abi," said the blonde. "We were hoping to join in, but if you just want me to watch while my husband fucks you too, I'm happy enough with that," she continued, talking to Laura.

Abi held her hand up, showing Laura she had a large ten-inch black dildo in her hand.

"If he's as big as that, he can definitely join in!" Laura gasped.

Abi reached over and undid his belt.

"Come on Jim, everyone else is undressed," she said, sliding his trousers to the floor.

Jim's cock sprang into view, semi-erect and almost as big as Geoffs. Laura gasped, and hearing the door had got up to sit on a chair, reached her hand out and started to stroke him to an erection.

"Great," said Eric, laughing, "We're not going to get a look in now."

"Nonsense," said Abi, selected a chair and sitting on the dildo almost effortlessly, "Get over here and put your cock in my mouth"

Eric looked at Jim who nodded, and he walked towards Abi, who took him in her mouth while riding the dildo slowly. She took her mouth off it long enough to tell Laura she tasted nice on his cock.

While blowing him, Abi beckoned over Bob and Arthur and made them stand either side of her, and started to stroke their cocks.

Laura meanwhile had done the same with Geoff, marvelling at the size of both his and Jim's cocks in her hands. John stood behind her, playing with her nipples while Eddie decided to await his turn by taking photos.

Katie thought things would come to an end now Geoff's neighbours had appeared, but then she noticed the blonde only seemed to be wearing a t-shirt or very short dress, and had something in her hand. Katie gasped when she saw her undo the black man's trousers, and gasped again when she saw his cock. It was almost as big as Geoff's and not yet hard! It was the first time she'd seen a black cock in person and not on the internet,

She watched her lookalike take him in her hand and start to stroke him, then start to wank Geoff with her other hand. Lucky bitch, she found herself thinking. She also noticed that the blonde had a black dildo that looked like her partners cock, and Katie watched in awe as she placed it on a chair and took it into her pussy so easily.

She looked away momentarily to the dildo stuck to her balcony floor. She squatted above it, and sunk her pussy down onto it, slowly and a little more each time until it was all in her. Enjoying how full she felt, she watched Geoff's house again and saw how the two women were seeing to the guys in turn. Katie's hand went to her clit, and she came in a matter of seconds.

Laura was still wanking off both Jim and Geoff, but the others had all took turns getting blowjobs off both of the girls. Abi was still riding the dildo when Eric said it was about time they got to fuck Laura properly. Laura looked up, and asked Geoff and Jim could wait until the end, she had a treat lined up for the finale. They both agreed.

Geoff had looked up and seen Katie riding the dildo on her balcony, and when she got off it he noticed how big it was. Had she bought that because of his cock perhaps? He hoped so, but also hoped she hadn't settled for that and somehow he could persuade her, and more importantly Paul, to sample the real thing.

Laura saw Geoff's gaze was elsewhere and looked to where he was looking. She saw the other girl up on the balcony, riding her dildo while looking down at them. She noticed that she looked a lot like herself.

"Who's that watching us?" she asked. Eric started laughing.

"That's Katie, she's Geoff's obsession," he answered, "She's the last girl we had here."

"She looks like me. You're obsessed with her then Geoff?" Laura asked him.

"She walks around naked, a lot. Her boyfriend found out I was watching her and told her. Not only did she not stop, but she also started doing dildo shows for me as well," Geoff said.

"We can vouch for her being naked a lot, we, erm, saw a lot of her earlier," said Jim.

"So you all fucked her at your last photoshoot then?" asked Laura.

"No, we had an agreement with her boyfriend that we wouldn't fuck her. She gave us all blowjobs and we came all over her though," Arthur answered.

"She did ask Geoff to fuck her though, but started crying when she'd asked him to," said Bob, "She probably would have done if her boyfriend wasn't filming from their balcony like she is now."

Laura looked up again. She hadn't noticed the video camera on the tripod until Bob mentioned it.

"Is that why I'm here then Geoff, am I your Katie substitute?" she asked him.

Geoff reluctantly nodded yes.

"Did you know?" she asked John.

"Sort of, I hadn't seen her myself but you do look very much alike," he answered.

Geoff thought the party was going to be over. Laura surprised him, and everyone else, with her answer.

"Well we'd better put on a bloody good show for her, and you Geoff, you'd better show her what she's missing."

Laura lay on the floor on her back, and put her hands behind her knees, pulling them up as far as they could go. Eric had an idea, and using the silk bondage strips tied them around her knees and behind her neck, keeping her legs spread and freeing up her hands. He asked her if she wanted the blindfold on again, and she said no, she wanted to see them all in their glory.

Geoff and Jim went over to Abi, who took it in turns to keep them erect by sucking them each in turn, still riding on the big black dildo slowly.

Katie watched on excitedly as the blonde girl sucked eagerly on Geoff and Jim's big cocks, while her lookalike took turns with all the others. John, Bob, Eddie, Arthur and Eric all took turns letting her blow them while another was fucking her, occasionally changing the angle and lying her on her side, then turning her onto her back. Katie felt herself coming again, and pulling up off the dildo she squirted all over the balcony. She slumped to the floor, but not once let her eyes wander from Geoff's living room.

Laura was in heaven with the guys taking turns on her. Her sweaty body glistened in the lights. She'd lost track of who had come, but she had two loads over her face, two over her tits and Eric had come all over her stomach, rubbing her clit and making her come too. John had pushed her onto her side, fucking her pussy hard while pushing two fingers into her arse.

"Fuck me fast John, fuck my arse hard with your fingers too," she cried out to him.

"You want me to fuck your arse hard instead?" asked John.

"Oh yes, fuck it hard, and show me how much I need it by emptying yourself up me," Laura cried out, smacking her arse cheek as she did. Pain and pleasure rolled through her.

John pulled out of her pussy, and instead of entering her arse, started untying her. He pulled off the silk strips, pushed her onto all fours, and pulled her hands behind her back, binding them firmly so they were in the small of her back. Her head on the floor now, he rubbed his cock along her pussy and slid it into her arse. He started to fuck her slowly and deeply, slapping her arse every few thrusts, her arse cheeks getting redder and redder with his handprints. Her face was being rubbed along the floor, sliding in a pool of cum and sweat. John grabbed a hold of her ponytail and pulled backwards, lifting her head, and Arthur knelt in front of her and filled her mouth with his cock.

John grunted and pushing his length right into her, erupted into her arse. She felt his cock pulse several times as he came, and as he withdrew she felt a trickle of his cum run down along her pussy.

"Come on then, who's next?" she inquired eagerly, as Arthur withdrew from her mouth, and was replaced by Bob.

One by one they all fucked her. Eric decided to fuck her pussy hard and quickly before putting his cock in her arse just before he came, Bob fucked her arse hard and fast and came quickly, but rubbed Laura's clit and she came too. Feeling nobody else in her, she lay on the floor, a sweaty sticky mess. But she wasn't finished yet.

She looked up and saw Abi was still sucking Jim and Geoff in turn. She beckoned them over, sat Jim on a chair, and sitting facing him straddled his cock. She rode him a few times before she could take nearly all of his length up her, then she looked over her shoulder at Geoff.

"Fuck my arse Geoff, I want to feel both your big cocks up me at the same time."

Geoff smiled and walked forward, cock in hand. Everyone looked on, has he squatted down slightly and pushed his cock at the entrance to her arse. There was almost a round of gasps as his cock started to disappear up her, a little more each time, until he had just over half his cock up her. Laura's mouth dropped open in a mixture of pain and pleasure, the feeling of being so filled winning.

"Both of you keep still a bit, I need to get used to you," Laura asked.

Putting her hands on Jim's shoulders, she pulled herself up until they were both almost out of her, then squatted down until she was nearly full again. She groaned out loud.

"Oh my, this feels so damn good," she cried out, "Have you ever had a threesome with Jim?" she asked Abi.

"A few times yes, but not with anyone as big as him no, closest we've got to what you're doing his with me, Jim and this dildo," Abi told her.

Laura rode them both slowly a few more times until she was used to them. Geoff's legs were beginning to tire holding his weight up though, so Laura reluctantly got up slowly until they both dropped out of her. She lay Geoff on the floor, and standing over him took him into her pussy. Once full of him, she leant forwards, put her hands behind her and spread her arse wide open.

Jim squatted down and pushed his cock into her, he slid in fairly easily after Geoff had opened her arse up previously. He fucked her with long slow strokes, building up speed as she got used to it. He reached between her legs and rubbed at her clit, Laura coming again loudly.

Katie was impressed by her lookalikes stamina. even from up here, she could see the sweat dripping down her body. She watched the other man she didn't know fucking her from behind after tieing her hands behind her back, and with her face pointing towards the balcony, could tell from her facial expressions that he was probably fucking her arse. Katie felt herself imagining it was her down there instead and found herself rubbing her pussy and then sliding them into her arse. Two, three, four fingers were pushed into her arse, stretching as much as possible.

She watched as Laura got up from the floor, and got the black man to sit on a chair, his big erection standing to attention. She gasped herself as she sank onto his cock, just a few thrusts until she was sitting still on him with it all inside her. She watched as she said something to Geoff, who went up behind her. Katie, who'd fantasised about Geoff's cock for so long since seeing it, was now in awe as she watched him shoving his cock into her arse, especially as she was still sitting on one almost the same size.

She turned and looked at her dildo. She hadn't tried it in her arse yet, it seemed far too big. But yet she was watching someone a similar size body to her seeming to accommodate two in her pussy and arse at the same time. She coated the dildo with as much vaseline as possible, lubed up her arse too, and holding onto the balustrade, lowered herself until the tip was in her arse.

Watching the girl lower herself slowly and carefully, she tried to match her. Slowly but surely she took more and more of the dildo into herself. She gritted her teeth, determined to get as much in her as she could stand. She felt like she was being split apart, and feeling underneath herself she had about three inches out. She was secretly pleased she'd managed about seven inches of the dildo, as she continued to ride it very slowly.

She paused as she saw the girl get up, both cocks sliding out of her. Had she had enough? Was it too much for her? She got her answers as she watched Geoff lie on the floor, the girl sitting on his cock, and then the black man went behind her. Even from her angle, Katie could see the whole of his cock was right up her. She was almost impressed with her again.

She watched as the black man started to fucking her, getting quicker and quicker. Katie tried to match his pace on the dildo, and when she saw his hand go between the girls' legs she did the same. The girl shook as she came, seconds later Katie did too, squirting over her balcony floor again.

Jim waited for Laura's orgasm to flow through her, then started to fuck her arse again. Laura was groaning loudly now, and Jim raised himself a bit more so his cock was pushing downwards more. Sweat was pouring off him now and running all over Laura's back. He could feel himself getting ready to come and put his hands on her shoulders. He started fucking her as fast as he could and came into her arse. His first spurts were inside her, he then pulled his cock out and shot his last spurts all over her back, grunting as he did so.

Laura waited for him to move then stood up, Geoff's cock making a slurping sound as it came out. She went to get him to lie down now but noticed his erection had gone now that he'd cum. Abi noticed the disappointment on her face, realised what she'd probably wanted, and threw the black dildo to her.

Laura put it on the floor and slid herself onto it while on all fours. Geoff knelt behind her, and pushed his cock into her arse. He kept still for a while as Laura pushed back onto his cock and the dildo, and as he felt himself coming he pushed her down, the dildo still up her pussy as he fucked her arse. He shot his load all up her, Laura responding by reaching under herself, rubbing her clit until she came again too. Geoff stayed in her for a few seconds, then as he withdrew he grabbed her hips and turned her arse to face Katie on the balcony. He pointed to Laura's cum splattered arse and back, pointed to Katie, then pointed to himself, telling her that could have been her.

Katie was still sitting on her dildo after coming. She watched as the black man waited for the girl to relax after coming, then started fucking her arse, quickly this time. Katie had reached around and put more lube onto the base of the dildo, and started riding it again. She saw the black man throw his head back as he came, the girl then sat on the black dildo and Geoff knelt behind her, and started fucking her arse.

All the time he was fucking her, he kept his gaze towards Katie. All the time Geoff was fucking her, Katie kept her gaze on him, riding the dildo imagining it was Geoff up her arse. She was getting used to it now and was taking a little more each time, still holding onto the balustrade and squatting down. She slowed and adjusted her legs a little so she was kneeling, her feet on either side of the dildo. She kept her hands on the balustrade and started to ride it again. She felt the balls on the dildo on her arse and knew she'd got virtually all of the dildo up her. She stopped riding, enjoying the feeling of the dildo stretching her arse.

She watched as Geoff pushed the girl forwards until she was nearly lying down, then his grunts as he came in her arse. When he withdrew, he pulled the girl around so her gaping pussy and arse were facing towards Katie, a river of semen running from her arse. Geoff pointed to her arse, pointed at Katie, and himself. Katie knew he was telling her that could be her. She rubbed at her clit furiously and soon was adding more juices to her very sticky balcony.

Laura lay in a prone position on Geoff's floor. She'd moved a little as someone withdrew the dildo from her pussy slowly, telling her they were going to clean it up. She didn't bother looking who it was. She was exhausted, but it had been worth it. She was going to accept their money but would have done it for nothing. She knew John had told her he wanted to shower before leaving, and she was glad he was driving as she was so tired.

She heard a female voice saying goodnight, and they were glad they'd come round. She assumed Abi and Jim were leaving. She felt herself being lifted, hands across the backs of her legs and reaching between her legs, the others across her shoulders. She groaned at the feel of the fingers by her pussy, but heard Geoff telling her the shower was free and he was taking her up there.

Upon the balcony, Katie had stopped both cameras recording, and a little jelly-legged still, was mopping her balcony clean.

