Anna’s ENF Adventure
by anonenffan

At first, it seemed like an ordinary day at the High School for eighteen year old Anna. She had a standard uniform on. The clothes themselves were new, but the look of the uniform was not. Not that she cared.  In class, it was time to focus on lectures.

Currently, it was algebra, which Anna was talented at. In fact, she tended to read ahead on the lessons. Anna was a couple of chapters ahead of the class.

A consequence of this, however, was that there wasn’t much new for her to learn that day.  So focusing on the lecture wasn’t exactly easy.

There was something else bidding for her attention. Anna could feel it on her backside, underneath her skirt. Something was causing an irritating, almost itchy sensation.

She tried not to think about it, and adjusted the way she sat. But the feeling persisted. Anna gave her skirt and panties a light tug, thinking that would send the irritating itch away, but to no avail.

Anna tried to think what it could be.  Was it some kind of tag? Why would a tag be so annoying? Maybe it was something else.

She put her gaze to the rest of the class in thought. She was currently in the back, and well ahead of the lesson. Anna had the time to figure this out.

Anna wouldn’t be able to reach whatever was causing the discomfort very quickly. No doubt it was going to involve some adjustments to her clothes. Adjustments that might not seem so subtle in the classroom.

“Excuse me, Mister Smith?” Anna asked.

“Yes, Anna?” The teacher turned.

“Can I have a hall pass?”

“Of course,” he replied, as he took out a pen and paper and jotted out the hall pass. “Try not to take too long. I know you’re a few chapters ahead, but even you could miss something!”

Anna nodded with a smile, took the hall pass, and made her way out of the classroom. With each step, that little tag in the back of her panties was irritating her skin. It was going to have to go.

She strode forward, planning on heading to the restroom to deal with it. But that scratch, that tickle, that brushing that that cursed little tag did! It was quickly wearing down Anna’s patience.

As irritating as that little tag was, Anna wasn’t about to take some unnecessary chance. A little patience could take her a long way. So, she continued down the hallway. After a short walk, she had made her way to the bathroom.

Once inside, Anna stepped into a privacy stall and locked the door. That nagging little tag was about to meet its end!

Anna took her hands under her skirt and found her panties underneath. Without much thought, she pushed them down her ankles and stepped out of them. She then held them up and inspected them.

It was on the back where she spotted the offending tag. She smirked and reached to the little tag, expecting to pluck the small piece of fabric.  It would be torn off, she’d slide those panties back up, and return to class.

At least… that was the plan. Once Anna pinched the fabric between her fingers and pulled, the tag didn’t tear off. Anna tugged a little harder, and it still wouldn’t give.

“Oh come on,” Anna said. She looked annoyed and gave it a harder tug. This pull was the hardest, and the effort earned a ripping noise. Although it was a fair bit louder than Anna expected. And that was because the tag didn’t tear.

The tag never let the fabric go. Instead, the result was a long, clean tear down Anna’s panties. The rip started at the back and went straight down to the bottom.

“Really?” She rolled her eyes in annoyance. It was then Anna realized, this tear had rendered her panties unwearable. Her intimates between her legs and shapely rear were covered only by her skirt. That loose, fluttery skirt.

Anna was worried now. It wasn’t immediately evident to who would walk by, but she was very aware that she had no panties. Her heart rate picked up a little as she tried to think of what she could do.

There had to be a way to fix her panties. Anna couldn’t just abandon them. Currently, however, she didn’t have the means to do that. She had the rest of her clothes and a hall pass. That little slip of paper could buy her time, but not an answer.

Anna thought about what she could do.  She remembered there was a cloth and textile class on the far side of the school. Most of the day the teacher wasn’t in there. She could sneak in, and do some quick stitching. Odds are she’d be in trouble for being away from class for so long, but Anna would rather deal with that instead of being panty-less.

Anna stuffed the damaged panties in the pocket of her class jacket. She took a deep breath, knowing she had a bit of a walk ahead of her.

She stepped out of the restroom, and looked around the hall. Class was currently in session, so for the moment, the hallways were clear. Anna was thankful for this, as she was walking down the hallway, feeling a draft underneath her skirt. It was more noticeable without the thin cotton in place.

As Anna walked down the hall, she blushed and put a hand on the front of her skirt. She needed to keep that in place. She didn’t want to show off her front to the whole school. Though at the same time, holding her hand there would draw suspicion if anyone saw her.

She had to keep her pace slow, as much as she wanted to run. Running would mean that skirt would flutter all over the place. So Anna continued her path, thinking about how her lower half was at risk.

Although there were a few people in the hallway, Anna managed to push herself past them. There was no hiding her blush, as she knew how vulnerable she would be if something happened to her skirt.

Anna arrived at the sewing classroom, and the light was off, indicating nobody was inside. She smiled and reached for the door handle. It opened, and she was able to push in. However, Anna forgot about something.

Pushing the door required a bit more effort than other doors at the school. It was soundproofed, and therefore, heavier. Anna didn’t think it was a big deal, and pushed the door shut, giving a little click. She then hit the light switch, illuminating the room.

Anna had only dabbled with cloth and textile one time, but she was confident she could fix her panties. She took a step forward to choose a machine but felt resistance. Upon turning to look, she saw her skirt get caught in the door somehow.

“Oh come on,” Anna said. She pulled the door handle, which only clacked a little. It was locked somehow. “What in the…?”

Now her skirt was caught in a locked door. Anna would have to be careful, as she could overstrain the fabric of her clothing. She pulled and tugged and heard little ripping sounds, which made her cringe.

Anna couldn’t believe that this door somehow only locked on her. What kind of lock was this? Whatever the case, Anna’s skirt was caught, and she didn’t want attention from opening the door.

So she tugged, pulling on it with her hands to try and limit ripping. She tugged again, only harder. Anna gave a frustrated sigh and gave one more firm pull.

RRRRRIP!

“Gah!” Anna lost balance as she jerked backward. The result of her tugging ended up with her being free. However, Anna quickly noticed something. Her skirt was off her body. It refused to leave the door.

Anna blushed and put her hands between her legs. She had no clothes on between her waist and her ankles. Two pieces of clothing were now damaged and would need repairs before they were wearable. Anna couldn’t just go back to class anymore. She wasn’t decent, and would likely get suspended if caught.

She took a deep breath and slowly approached the door, and did what she should have done in the first place. A shaking hand slowly opened the door, while the other pulled the torn skirt. Anna then silently shut the door.

“Okay, stay calm Anna,” she said to herself. She looked to the sewing machines in the classroom. The bottomless girl had limited experience with sewing. But all she needed was simple a simple repair. It couldn’t be too hard.

So Anna took her torn pieces of clothing and sat on a stool by the sewing machine. A small shiver went up her spine, as the chair had an unfamiliar texture to the exposed part of her body. It was cold and firm, a stark contrast from her warm and soft legs and shapely tush.

Anna shook her head, knowing she had to focus. Her clothes needed repairs!

Anna cautiously tried to repair her panties. The stitches started off uneven, and she wasn’t sure if they could ever fit right again. As this happened, her hand slipped, making disaster strike. Her panties were suddenly pushed the wrong way.

“Noooo! No no no no stop it!” Anna tried to tug her panties away from the machine. But it was too late. The stitching had gone awry, and the panties were stitched to themselves as a crumpled, unwearable mess.

Anna frowned at her ruined panties. She pressed her legs together, thinking about how she wouldn’t be able to cover between her legs any longer. Nervousness was setting in. And once a whirring motor started making more noise, panic began to set in. Her eyes widened as she realized the results of her sewing “skills.”

“My skirt!” Anna shrieked, trying to pull it away. Somehow, it too was caught in the sewing machine. “Stop it you stupid thing, let go!” She tugged, and the reward was another loud ripping noise. In her hand was a torn piece of a skirt, and the sewing machine ensnared the rest.

“Oh no,” Anna said with worry. She had come in hoping to fix her cover, and the way things were going, she was going to leave with less!

With her skirt and panties ruined beyond being wearable, Anna was forced to think of a new plan. Her bottom half was exposed, so going back to class wasn’t an option. And given that her skirt was technically part of a uniform, she couldn’t just make one.

Red-faced, she put her hands over her womanhood while sitting on the stool. She wasn’t entirely naked, but with her bottom half on display, it felt like it. Having to take clothing off made her feel vulnerable, but losing that clothing felt worse. Anna squeezed her legs together as if it somehow made her more hidden. If anyone were to walk in, they would see her, and that she was bottomless. Anna couldn’t take that chance.

She got up and slowly walked around the main sewing table so that the table would be between her and the door. If someone walked in, they wouldn’t immediately know she was bottomless. Every second involved with planning counted. Anna looked down at herself, seeing how much skin was on display. The thought of how much was on show made her heart flutter and caused a bit of warmth.

Anna shook her head. “Gotta focus.”

There was only one thing Anna could do in this situation. She was going to have to make it to the gym locker room, and use the shorts from her gym clothes. At least then, asking for help would be far less embarrassing.

Anna glanced at the clock and saw there were ten minutes left until the next period. If she was quick, she could make it to the gym in that time, though it might be safer to wait it out. Unless of course, there was a cloth and textile class for the next period.

Anna grabbed the hemline of her button-down shirt and tugged downward. It didn’t reach very far, and it was still plainly apparent that she had nothing covering her bottom half. There wasn’t much Anna could do about it though. Her sewing “skills” only made her problem worse, and the clock was ticking.

She could hear her heartbeat in her head as she slowly approached the classroom door. Her shaking hand gripped the classroom door, and she pulled it open. Anna could feel the air outside the classroom move through and caress her exposed skin, prompting her to tug her shirt further down.

Before her was the open hallway. Anna slowly poked her head out see if anyone was nearby.

Someone was coming! Anna immediately recoiled back into the classroom and shut the door. Her eyes had widened, and she tugged her shirt to cover as much as her thighs as possible.

As Anna backed away with worry, she thought about what she just saw. They were carrying a book and a bottle of water but weren’t wearing a student uniform. That could only mean a teacher was coming. And that teacher could be coming to that same classroom.

The half-dressed girl looked around the classroom, trying to think of what to do. Merely hoping the teacher wouldn’t walk in was not going to be a good enough solution.

The clock was ticking, and Anna was starting to feel trapped. The door was out due to the teacher’s presence. Anna was beginning to look for a table to hide under when she noticed the window.

She approached it, seeing a potential escape. Could it work? It was partially open, the classroom was on the first floor, and the window itself was facing an open field. The only problem is that she would be outside. Half-Naked.

Her fingers tapped a nearby table, as she felt unsure if it was a good idea.

Anna looked back at the door, and then at the window. A clacking noise startled her and prompted her to move. She pushed the window open wider and sat on the window sill. It felt cold against her skin as she slowly swung her legs over the ledge. When she looked down, the distance to the ground was a little longer than she thought it was. It didn’t seem dangerous, but once she was on the ground, Anna wouldn’t be able to go back in.

A little more clacking and the sound of a door opening sent Anna into panic mode! She looked forward, quickly planned her landing, and pushed herself over the ledge of the window. However, as she made her escape, the window began to shut behind her!

Anna’s feet met the ground just fine, but something was wrong. Her shirt was tightly pulling against her body. Before Anna could figure out what was wrong, the buttons on the shirt gave way, causing it to open wide. Anna hadn’t even realized what was going on yet, and her arms slid through the sleeves of her shirt, leaving her in just a bra and her footwear.

“Ahh,” Anna fell to her knees and hugged her breasts. She still had her bra, but it meant little with nearly everything above her ankles being gone. “W-what happened?” Anna looked up, seeing her shirt caught in the closed window.

“At least it didn’t rip,” Anna sighed, reaching up for it. But before her hands could grip the fabric, the window opened. Anna’s eyes widened, and she stepped away. She held onto herself and took a few steps away to have a bush between her and the window. With a worried, blushing look on her face, she saw what she feared. The teacher, holding Anna’s shirt in a confused way.

“How did this get here?” The teacher said, pulling the shirt in. She looked around, shrugged and shut the window.

Anna’s problems got worse. She went into that classroom planning to repair a pair of panties. She left it nearly naked. All that remained was Anna’s bra, some shoes, and some socks. Now she was going to need more than her gym shorts.

Anna needed to get her gym uniform, now more than ever. She took a deep breath, knowing the gym side entrance was going to be a bit of a walk. And getting near that door was going to run the risk of her getting caught. But it was a risk Anna was going to have to take.

She moved her hands to cover her womanhood as she began to walk. Anna’s heart was racing as she stayed close to the wall of the school. It felt warm between her legs. Warmer than it should be. Was she getting turned on by this? By being isolated from her clothes?

Anna shook her head. It couldn’t be. She didn’t enjoy losing nearly all of her clothes, having them ruined, abandoned, maybe even locked away. Her bra and her footwear were all that remained.

The nearly naked girl pressed on, trying to stay between the bushes and the wall of the building. A window above her was open, and she could hear the class bell ring. The current period was over, and classes were switching. With the back doors of the school around the corner, nearby, Anna had no choice but to wait. Those hallways were full of people. Getting inside immediately was a bad idea.

Being near a corner of the school felt too open for Anna. Those bushes looked more hidden. She took a quick glance around, got on her hands and knees and crawled into the bushes.

It tickled her skin to have many leaves and sticks poke against her. Anna tried to ignore the sensation, but it felt unusual to have leaves brush against normally covered skin. Anna wouldn’t call the feeling pleasant, but she got what she wanted out of this. A hiding place.

Anna maintained her hiding place, waiting for a second bell meaning classes were in. She was going to have a lot of explaining to do, but it was better than being found so undressed. As Anna waited, she made her plan. After the second bell, she would wait a little longer to make sure the locker room was empty and make her way inside. The girls locker room was near the door of the school so that it would be a short walk.

Finally, the second bell could be heard. Anna sighed, thinking she was well on her way out of this problem. She began to crawl backward, but something happened. There was resistance.

Anna pulled herself and felt the resistance on her bra.

“Of course,” Anna said in frustration. Somehow her bra was caught on the bush. She knew her backside was currently outside, and she needed to be able to move. Anna jerked herself backward and heard a snapping noise. Along with it, her breasts fell free of the bra.

Now free of the trap, Anna was able to pull herself back and out of the bush. Only… she couldn’t feel her bra. She was mostly naked now.

“Ah!” Anna squeaked in sudden realization. She moved her hands to cover her now exposed breasts. “M-my bra! Where is it!?” She frantically looked around the bush. It couldn’t have gone far, and yet she couldn’t spot it! Without it, she was effectively naked.

“It HAS to be somewhere in the bush!” Anna said out loud with a worried look. She heard the door of the school open. Anna covered herself as much as her hands could, with over her breasts, and the other between her legs.

She peeked around the corner and saw the gym class walking out in the direction of the running track by the football field.

This was great news for Anna, as this meant the gym would be empty. However, she knew somewhere in that bush, was an ensnared bra.

Her bra was deep in the bushes, and with how her luck was going, it would likely get torn up on its way out. Trying to get it was a waste of time. Getting inside made more sense.

But making more sense didn’t make it any easier to walk up to the wall. Anna was still very nervous about her nudity. The essentials were concealed only by her hands. If anyone were to walk by, there’d be no hiding it.

Anna looked around the corner with a blushing face. The class was out of sight, likely jogging at the track. This was her chance.

Her heart was pounding as she made her shaking legs pull her forward and began to run for the stair case leading into the school.

Anna made it up the short set of stairs to the door. She felt very exposed to the world around her as she climbed them. Everything seemed very open at the elevated position. That thought put a little more urgency into Anna’s step.

Once at the door, she pulled it open and rushed inside. With her back to the door, she let out a heavy sigh.

“Almost ther-”

“So did you see the way he looked in his new car? Ooooh he’s such a dream!” said a voice.

Someone was in the hallway! Anna couldn’t see wherever the voice came from. Just that they were coming.

“I know, it matches his eyes.”

“Come on, we’re behind the rest of the class!” said a third voice.

This was bad. At least three girls, all of which, Anna assumed would soon be using the door she was standing by. And Anna was naked. She needed a better hiding spot, and quick!

Before Anna was a hallway, a door to the gym, a door to the girls locker room, and a janitor closet. Further down the hall would be the door to the girls locker room.

However, going to the girls locker room right away would be a bad idea. That was likely where they were going. It also didn’t seem like there was enough time to go for any of the other options. Anna didn’t like it, but to avoid being seen by these girls, she’d have to go back outside.

Anna put a hand over her breasts, and the other on the door and pushed. She hated having to go further from cover, but there was no choice. Once outside, Anna quickly ran down the steps to return to her spot behind the corner. She was almost there, but she tripped, falling face down in the dirt before she turned the corner.

It was a soft fall. It was relatively painless. However, Anna’s heart picked up the pace when she heard the door open. Those girls were coming through the door. If they turned and looked, they would see Anna’s completely exposed backside. She bit her lip and hoped for the best.

The conversation about a guy they liked continued. Anna heard their footsteps and giggles as they made their way down the small staircase by the door, and kept going. When their voices faded into the distance, the naked girl sat back up and wiped a little sweat from her forehead.

“Too close,” Anna said, getting back up. She made her way back up the stairs and into the school. A quick glance around the hallway to see if the coast was clear, and she ran into the girls locker room.

It was empty, as Anna had hoped. She sighed with relief, thinking this nightmare was over. The naked girl approached her locker, entered the combination and opened it, taking her shirt and her shorts out. But before Anna got dressed, she looked at her naked form.

Anna wasn’t exactly clean because she fell in the dirt. She glanced around and saw the locker room shower. A quick rinse wouldn’t hurt, would it?

Why not? It was fairly early into the class, and Anna seemed to have the locker room to herself. She’d take a quick rinse to clean herself up, and then get dressed.

Anna took one more glance around the locker room to make sure she was alone, and pushed her shoes off her feet, and tugged the socks off soon after. Now, she was completely naked, without a thread clinging to her body. Sure, the last part didn’t cover anything, but it was the last thing she had on, and she chose to take it off.

She shook her head. It wasn’t a big deal. Anna was just here to get a quick rinse. The naked girl folded her clothes into a neat pile, put her shoes and socks by them, and made her way to the showers. On impulse, she cradled her breasts.

Once in the shower area, Anna turned a knob and water began to rain out of the shower head, hitting her naked body.

“Nhhh!” Anna stepped backward, feeling the chilling water come down on her body. She shivered and looked around to make sure she wasn’t heard.

“I’m fine… it’s okay to be naked in the shower… and besides I have clothes,” Anna said out loud to herself. She was still blushing, and a bit worried about her situation, and slowly stuck a hand into the water, feeling it run down, and begin to warm up. Once she felt it heat up, Anna began to rinse and wash the dirt off of her body, cleaning herself.

She let out a heavy sigh, finding the first bit of stress relief since ruining her panties in the bathroom. With the dirt rinsed away, Anna closed her eyes and took in the steamy atmosphere she was creating. It was very soothing to the body and mind, and she wanted to take it in just a little longer.

The dirt was washed away, and Anna had calmed down. Mostly. Her mishaps left her feeling a bit bothered, with a particular warmth between the legs.

Anna bit her lip let her fingers tap the sides of her legs.

Maybe she could… no. Anna shook her head. No part of that was a good idea. She wasn’t about to take some stupid risk like that. It was very likely she was already in trouble for not coming back to class, and thus being late for the one that followed.

Anna shut the water off and sighed. It was tempting to do more, but she was stronger than that. She covered herself and prepared to walk out of the shower. There was a towel rack somewhere in this locker room, though Anna needed to find it first. She’d just get dried off, grab her clothes and-

“Did someone leave their clothes here?” said a voice.

Anna’s eyes widened, and she backed up. Was the class almost over already!?

“That’s weird… well… I guess we can take them to the lost and found,” the second voice said.

Both voices sounded female. However, Anna knew they must have been looking at her clothes. She couldn’t let them take her clothes, but could she face them naked? She’d rather have a towel, but there might not be a lot of time to look for the towel rack.

Anna didn’t dare leave the shower. She wasn’t exactly sure where the towel rack might be. As much as it pained her to let those girls take her clothes, she was simply too scared to come forward.

“Well, lets get going,” said the first voice.

“Alright,” replied the other.

The naked, wet woman listened for the footsteps and listed for the door to open and shut. Anna assumed she was alone.

With her hands squeezing her intimates tightly, she slowly walked out of the shower and checked the bench where she left her clothes. Sure enough, they were gone.

“Now what am I going to do?” Anna said out loud. Her gym uniform was heading for the Lost and Found, which was in the cafeteria. Going there when it was close to lunch out seemed crazy considering she was naked.

The towel rack. If Anna could find that, she’d find a towel. It would do little to conceal the fact that she had no clothes, but it was better than nothing. But where exactly were the towels in this locker room?

Anna took a glance around the locker room. The dark haired girl had growing worry. Without so much as a sock on her body, she was completely exposed. With each passing second, her clothes were moving away from her. She needed to find some kind of cover.

“Where is that stupid towel rack?” Anna said looking around.

At this point, Anna was starting not to care that it might not even be clean. Cover was cover.

However even, it did not matter that Anna lowered her standards to unwashed towels. Trouble approached when she heard a door creek open.

“That was the shortest track run ever.” One voice said.

“Is it really supposed to rain? It looks beautiful outside.” Said another.

This was bad. The class was coming back in! Anna didn’t have time to look for a towel. She went into panic mode, needing an escape! She turned to door that lead outside of the locker room. It didn’t seem like a good idea. Once she went out, she wouldn’t be able to come back in.

However, the sounds of more voices prompted her it was time to move. She ran past the showers and to the exit. Anna pushed through the door and felt her bare feet meet grass. With her hands returning to covering the intimates of her smooth skin, she was outside.

Anna’s luck was… debatably good. The whole class seemed to be back inside, so she was alone. With her clothes likely on their way to a table near the cafeteria, Anna was starting to wonder if it was a good idea to go after them. She had no way of covering herself besides her hands, and she would likely be in serious trouble if anyone caught her.

What could she do if she decided to go without them? The only option was to run home, and if she were caught, she would be indecent AND truant. It was a bad combination.

Anna looked around, covering herself nervously. Going back into the school wasn’t an attractive idea either, but she needed to find a way to cover herself. She just wasn’t brave enough for the alternative.

The naked high school senior made slow nervous steps around to the main back door. Anna glanced through the hallway to see that for the moment, it was clear.

A slow, shaking hand pushed the door open, and Anna stepped in. The tile of the hallway felt different now that she was barefoot. It wasn’t a sensation Anna wanted to think about. Her hand returned to its duty of covering her intimates as she started to move down the hallway.

The lost and found was in the hallways near the cafeteria. It actually wasn’t that far from the gym, but for Anna, it felt like she was running the full distance of the school. Her heart was racing. At any moment that bell could ring, and the halls would be full of students. Students that would see her naked from head to toe.

That worrying thought motivated Anna to move a little quicker as she rounded a corner around the gym in the direction of the cafeteria. At the end of a hall that ran along the lunch room, was the lost and found. With her goal in sight, Anna kept moving for it. She wanted that coverage on her skin.

There was just one problem though.

Anna double backed around the corner. Those two girls from earlier were still at the table. She had gotten to the hall too soon.

The naked girl peeked around the corner, wondering if she had been seen. Upon creeping around, Anna recoiled back. One of the girls was looking in her direction.

“Is something wrong?” said one voice.

“I thought I saw something,” replied the other.

“Oh no,” Anna muttered under her breath. Her hands moved over her smooth skin, one arm hugging her breasts, and the other going between her legs. It was all she could do since those two girls stood between her and cover. They suspected something, or at least one of them did.

Anna kept her back to the wall near the corner and looked around frantically. Those two girls were close.

“It’s probably nothing, come on, we gotta get back to class.” said the first voice.

That was a good thing for Anna to hear. They’d be gone, and she could dress in peace. However, footsteps started to approach, quickly reminding Anna that discovery was imminent.

Before Anna could even think to run away, the two girls walked right by Anna, glanced in her direction, and kept walking. Then they both double backed in surprise, looking right at Anna.

Anna’s eyes widened as she held her intimates as tightly as she could, giving them a squeeze as the color drained from her face.

“…Are you… naked?” Said the first girl.

Anna took several deep breaths, causing her naked chest to rise and fall.

She had been seen. She had been caught. She was in trouble.

For a moment, she couldn’t find a voice, but eventually she managed to speak. “It… it was an accident, I…” She was so nervous she wasn’t even sure how to explain this.

“Wait… was that your gym uniform on the bench?” asked one of the girls.

Anna slowly nodded.

“Oops!” The first girl giggled. “Sorry about that!”

“You’re really bold to come out naked. Don’t you at least have your uniform?” the second girl asked.

Anna kept her hands on her intimates as she blushed furiously. “I-I’m sorry, I don’t have time for this. I really need my clothes back,” Anna said, as she moved forward to reach them.

“Up up up!” The second girl stepped in front of her. “You’ve got us curious now. Why’d you step into the hall without even grabbing a towel?”

The naked girl bit her lip. “I… I couldn’t find one, and I was in a hurry!”

“Oh yeah right!” The second girl scoffed. “The towel basket is right by the shower.” She had a sly grin. “I think something else is going on…”

“W-what? No! This is all a big mistake!” Anna said. She tried to get past the two girls to quickly run to her clothes, but the second girl was blocking the naked one too well. “Please! I need my clothes!”

“Come on. Who goes out into the halls naked, on purpose?” said the second girl. “I think, you’re streaking for fun.”

“N-no! Never! This is NOT fun!” Anna said blushing furiously. “I lost my clothes by accident, now please let me have my clothes!”

“Oh hold on now. We weren’t even talking about your regular clothes. What do you mean you lost your clothes by accident?” The second girl said.

The first girl giggled, “Yeah, now that I think about it… you should have at least grabbed your uniform.”

This was getting bad. These two girls did not believe the truth. The only thing Anna could think to do when the truth wasn’t believed, was to repeat it.

“I… I told you, I lost my clothes! I need those back, please! I’m in enough trouble as it is. I had to skip a class!” Anna said. Her face was glowing red as she looked around. That bell was going to ring soon.

“Hmm…” The two girls looked at each other.

“I don’t think your story sounds right.” The second girl waved her hand. “If you were really in trouble, you would have put these clothes on right away instead of leaving them out.”

Anna fidgeted nervously. These two girls weren’t letting her get back to her clothes and were making assumptions. “I-I know this looks bad, but you gotta believe me!”

“Well then why didn’t you get dressed right away?” The first girl asked.

At this point, Anna felt telling the truth wasn’t helping in any way. But she couldn’t come up with a lie on the spot. She only had her hands to cover herself, and soon the hallways were going to fill with students again.

“B-because I fell in the dirt outside. I needed a quick shower,” said Anna.

“Wait… you were naked outside!?” Said the first girl in disbelief.

“Wow, you really are bold!” said the second girl.

“I-it’s not like that!” Anna said back, trying not to let her voice get too loud.

“Nope. I think you’re streaking. You’re doing this for fun.” The second girl said with a sly grin. “You know, I don’t think we should let you have your clothes.”

“W-what!?” Anna said fearfully. “N-no you can’t…”

“You know, there’s a donation drive going on by the principal’s office.” Said the second girl to the first. “I’m sure someone would like a nice set of clothes!”

The color drained from Anna’s face. “You can’t be serious! I need those!”

The first girl giggled. “You know, you have a mean side.”

Anna glanced at the first girl, hoping for sympathy. She seemed to be the more reasonable of the two. She was Anna’s only chance of getting clothes back on her bo-

“But I do love helping out people in third world countries!” she said gathering up all the clothes at the lost and found into a neat pile.

So much for her helping.

The second girl helped her hold all the clothes. “Well, we’ll be seeing you. You’ll have all the naked fun you want.” She winked.

“No, you can’t!” Anna said as they started walked past her. The naked girl felt so meek. She wanted to make a mad grab for her clothes, but she couldn’t. She seemed helpless.

“Good luck!” the second girl said as they started walking down the hallway.

This was bad. The only cover Anna could get to was on its way to being donated. Anna watched them walk down the halls wondering what she could do. She could follow them, but the bell could ring any minute. She would be out naked in the halls with nowhere to hide.

Then she turned and saw the door outside. She could attempt running home, she didn’t live too far from school. But that would mean cutting the remaining classes, causing her to get in even more trouble. Not to mention whatever she might run into outside.

Anna couldn’t try running home. She didn’t have a thread on her body. How could she make the trip? Even if she did, how would she get in?

She’d have to follow them. Naked.

With time limited, Anna took one last glance at the exit behind her, and then looked forward. Those girls were walking quickly. She was going to have to take a chance.

Anna clung to her chest and began to run, her bare feet causing a quiet slapping noise against the tiles. She ran as quickly as she could to try and catch up to them. They turned a corner, and Anna had to stop. She huddled up to the corner to peek around and saw them continue to walk down the hall.

Besides the two girls, one other student was rummaging through his locker. Anna pulled herself back. She didn’t want to be exposed to anyone other than those two girls.

She knew the layout of the school, and knew they were heading for the office. The two girls were taking a quicker path. If she ran on the longer path, she might be able to get there first. However, there was no telling if she would run into someone on the way. If she followed them down the current hallway immediately, she could catch them. But that other student would see her for sure.

If there was a chance to keep her exposure to a minimum, Anna was going to take it.

She took a deep breath, cradled her breasts in her arms, and began to run. The hallway before seemed empty, which Anna considered as a bit of good luck. Still, she was very much exposed. She had to move quickly to get there before those two girls.

The run was not easy, as Anna was unused to running barefoot. Her breasts attempted bouncing to spill out of her arms. There was also the fear of anyone else coming out into the hallways. Not only would that stall her from getting to the office before the two girls, but she would have been seen by other people!

Anna kept her focus and continued running. She was getting close to where the office was. That came with it own set of risks however. The office was likely to have members of the school staff and the principal. In fact, it was all but guaranteed to have someone inside that could get her in trouble. But her objective wasn’t getting inside the office. It was simply to beat those two girls there.

But before Anna got there, something happened.

Ding!

Anna stopped her run suddenly. Her eyes widened, and the color drained from her face. It was the end of another period. The hallways were about to be filled with students, and Anna was in the middle of those halls, completely naked!

“No… no… no…” Anna repeated to herself. The bell ringing echoed in her mind as her hands moved to tightly squeeze her exposed intimates. She was about to be discovered, and she only had seconds to do something about it.

Doors were opening. Voices of students could be heard. Anna glanced around. She was going to be seen, and she didn’t know how she’d handle it… until she saw the bathrooms! It was her only chance!

She started a breakneck run to get into the bathroom, feeling the cold tile on her feet. Soon she was out of direct view of the hallways, the echoes of the students following her as she ran in. Anna hugged her breasts tight as she kept moving for a privacy stall. Once inside, she slammed the door and locked it.

There was a deep exhale of relief as she had barely found a hiding place. She was mere seconds from discovery from the whole school. However, tension soon returned as Anna heard some footsteps enter the bathroom. After double checking that the privacy stall door was locked, she stepped back, covering herself as best she could.

The hand she chose to conceal between the legs had detected warmth. A warmth that made Anna blush.

‘It’s just because you were running. Don’t think about it,’ Anna told herself.

There was a knock on her door.

“O-occupied!” Anna said.

“Oh! Sorry!” replied a female voice.

Anna waited with growing worry. Sure, if she continued to hide, she could avoid being found. But getting her clothes back was going to be a problem. Those two girls were probably in the office right now, and there was no way she could leave the bathroom until the next class started. Getting her clothes back was not going to be easy.

The naked girl took a seat on the toilet to get off her unsteady legs. She continued to cover her intimates and wait out the break between classes. Again she noticed the warmth between her legs.

‘No no no!’ Anna shook her head. ‘It’s because you were running!’

She did her best to take her mind off her adrenaline rush as she waited. After a few minutes, the bell rung again, and students started heading towards their next class. Anna couldn’t hear anyone else in the bathroom now, which meant she was alone.

Now Anna could relax enough to think of a plan of what she could do.

Her clothes were likely in a donation bin in the office by now. Sneaking in wasn’t going to be an option, she would get caught for sure. The time to call it quits and run home was before she streaked halfway around the school.

Anna hugged her own naked form in worry. Maybe she could just hide in the bathroom until school was over, and keep the door on the privacy stall locked. Then she’d only need to outwit a janitor to get out. She gave a frustrated sigh as she looked up at the ceiling, wondering what she could do.

BEEP BEEP BEEP

The sudden screech of the fire alarm nearly made Anna jump out of her skin. It blared its loud beeps like it was supposed to. From where Anna was, she had no idea why the alarm went off. Whether it was due to a prank, a drill, or an actual fire.

However… it gave Anna an idea. With the alarm going off, all the students and teachers would be heading outside. This would give her a chance to run to the office and grab her clothes out of the donation bin.

There was some risks to the plan, however. Ideally, if this were just a drill, Anna would only need to worry about getting her clothes. If it was a prank, and they found she was still in the building, the hoax might get pinned on her. And then, of course, the dangers of an actual fire, though it likely started in the shop class or a science classroom.

Anna decided to wait in the privacy stall for a few minutes while the school cleared out before making her move.

Anna waited for what felt like five minutes. The alarm was still beeping, but the sprinklers never turned on. A good sign, that meant there was probably no real fire.

The naked girl took a deep breath. She was given a chance, she had to take advantage of it. Anna unlocked the door to her privacy stall and slowly stepped out into the bathroom. Every curve of her body was completely exposed, but there was no time to do anything about it. She willed herself to the bathroom door and looked into the hallway.

As she had hoped, the halls were empty. But even still, she felt uneasy. Anna held onto her naked chest and began to run towards the office. She ran as quickly as her feet could carry her, her heart was racing as she made her way to the central office.

When she got there, the door was open. There was no sign of the staff at all. Just as she had hoped, they were all outside. So she went inside. The office felt less open than the halls, which was a small blessing. Although what Anna would have really liked was her gym uniform.

The alarm had stopped beeping. Which meant she didn’t have a lot of time. At most, she had five minutes to get her clothes. Anna took a look at the donation bin.

There they were. Anna’s clothes were in a small crumpled pile in the donation bin. The essentials were there. The shirt, the shorts, and the shoes. Without wasting any time, she slid the shirt on over her head, and quickly grabbed her shorts. Anna held them out in front of herself and stepped into them.

It felt good for Anna to have clothes on again. A little bit unusual without her underwear, but she was now covered. Anna gave a heavy sigh of relief as she sat down to put her shoes on. All that was left was to head outside.

She was going to have to explain herself for missing two classes without an excuse, not being in the school uniform, and not coming out for the fire drill. But, at least she could do this without an indecent exposure charge now. Anna smiled through her blush, as she thought about everything that happened. She had streaked most of the school, and only two people saw her.

Anna quickly made her way to the exit of the school to meet up with the students after the fire drill. As she walked down the hallway, something felt… off about her shorts. Anna looked, and they seemed to be really slowly sliding down her hips. She blushed and quickly pulled them back up all the way.

Were these actually her shorts? Did those two girls stretch them out? Whatever was going, these gym clothes were the only thing keeping her decent. She could not let her hands leave them.

Anna kept moving. Her hands supported her shorts as opened the door to join other students. There were a lot of them, and she was worried about her shorts falling down again.

Whenever there was a fire drill, the students were told to organize based on their homeroom. For Anna, this meant meeting with Ms. Silken, the one who taught cloth and textile classes.

It did not take long for Anna to spot her, as she was standing by a group of students and counting them. She had a small look of concern.

“Has anyone seen Anna?” she asked.

“I’m right here Ms. Silken!” Anna said, walking up, still blushing.

The rookie teacher turned and saw Anna. “Anna, where were you? I heard you skipped a couple of classes, that’s not like you,” she said.

Anna knew Ms. Silken to be a friendly teacher. If she was able to explain things right, she might be in less trouble. She just had to play it cool.

“I’m sorry, Ms. Silken. A few things got a little out of control. I can explain.” Anna said pleasantly as she scratched the back of her head. “It’s kind of embarrassing, but um… there were a few wardrobe malfunctions.”

There was a bit of giggling behind Anna. She didn’t bother to look, as there were more important things to focus on.

Ms. Silken look confused. “Wait a second, where you in my classroom earlier?”

Anna’s eyes widened when she realized Ms. Silken might know something. She put her hands up, waving her hands at Ms. Silken, and brought her voice to a whisper. “Ms. Silken, can we please talk about this somewhere a little more private?”

There was a lot more giggling.

“Oh goodness, Anna!” Ms. Silken suddenly said, pointing down.

Anna glanced down and saw her loose shorts had fell to her ankles. It all became clear in a second. Those giggles, were caused by her classmates seeing her butt. She reached down and pulled them back up as quickly as she could as her face turned bright red. She turned to look and only saw the two girls from before giggling. The others were confused.

“What happened?” said one student.

“Not a word about it you two!” Ms. Silken said, showing what was thought to be a rare glare. She turned to Anna, “we’ll sort the details out after the drill.”

It was nice for Anna to have a teacher on her side. However, her blush was never able to calm down for the rest of the day. She later had to explain how her luck took every thread she had. Ms. Silken had found the damaged clothes in her classroom, proving her story. Although Anna still got detention for skipping classes, she was able to survive her bad luck with minimal exposure. Anna also learned a very valuable lesson.

Use scissors to remove annoying tags.
