Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 07

Friday

That Friday started much the same as what has become the norm except that both Willow and I drove to school naked. We arrived before the school buses but there were a couple of parents dropping off their kids that saw us as we got out and walked into the school.

We both went straight to Mr. Devine’s office and he was there so after knocking and waiting to be invited in, 2 naked girls walked in.

“Good morning sir.” We both said.

“I’ve come to collect my clothes; I assume that you took them for safe keeping again sir.”

“Yes Willow, I did; and I see that you don’t have your pink vibrators in.”

“No, but we might have a different type in.” I replied.

“Please don’t disturb your lessons too much please girls.”

“Yes sir.” We both said; then I continued,

“I see that you have cameras installed in the showers; I assume that there are some in the changing room and the gyms as well. Why are they there? It’s a gross invasion of people’s privacy.”

“They are there for security reasons; and, as I’ve told you before, I make the rules here and I will put cameras wherever I want. And before you ask, none of the videos will ever reach the internet.”

“That’s a shame.” Willow quietly said.

“Willow,” he continued. “If you are intending to wear any clothes today, now would be a good time to put them on.”

“Yes sir.” Willow replied and got out a white ‘Strings only’ bra and thong set, and a totally see-through summer dress.

As she put them on, with both of us watching, Mr. Devine said,

“That’s an interesting choice of underwear Willow. I heard that you wore something like that the other day but I wasn’t sure that I believed the person who told me. I can see why you chose it; it does rather draw one’s eyes to your assets.”

“Thank you sir.” Willow said.

After that we left and went to the lockers where we left our bags and parted for different lessons.


It was another boring Art lesson first but this time I had to lift one leg and put my foot on a stool; which meant that my pussy was visible from one angle.


Then it was PE. There were 2 boys and 1girl wanting to do wrestling so I went over to them. All of them were about my height but both boys looked a bit heavier than either of us girls. Never-the-less, the early twenties, male teacher led us the gym 2 where we saw some sponge mats laid together.

After explaining a few rules and telling us that each of us would get the chance to wrestle the others, he asked who would like to go first. I wasn’t quick enough and the other girl moved to the centre of the mats.

It wasn’t long before we all discovered that the girl was only wearing a long T shirt. As they rolled over and over together, her T shirt was slowly making its way up to her neck and we discovered that her tits weren’t much bigger than mine.

After a few near misses at pinning the other’s shoulders down they managed to part and stand up. The girl said,

“Sod this,” and pulled her T shirt over her head and threw it towards me.

The tussle that followed ended with the boy face down on top of her with his shins pinning down her shoulders.


By default, it was the other boy and me next.

As we grappled trying to get the other to the ground I found that my head was right next to his. I whispered,

“You’re gonna eat my pussy you little wimp.”

That seemed to spur him on; well for a few seconds, and he managed to get me onto the floor. After a few more minutes rotating him on top them me on top, I somehow, found myself in the classic ‘69’ position with me on top and the boy looking total knackered. 

I easily pushed myself up and sat on his face whilst my shins rested on his shoulders.

The teacher started counting, but each time that he got to ‘2’ I lifted a shin and the boy lifted that shoulder.

I started rotating my hips and felt his teeth on my clit.

“Good,” I thought, “this boy isn’t as dumb as he looks.”

Unfortunately, as I enjoyed what he was doing to my pussy, I forgot to give him the chance to lift his shoulder and a heard the teacher say, 

“3.”

“Shit!” I thought as I pushed myself to my feet. “How stupid can I get?”

I looked down at the boy and was pleased to see that he was staring straight up my legs to my pussy (I’d stood with my feet about shoulder width apart). 


The teacher told us to sit for a few minutes and to rest before our next skirmish.

I sat on the mat with my feet well apart and leaned back onto my elbows.

I was panting and my chest was going up and down. As I looked down my body I saw 2 rock hard nipples and a shiny pussy. It was either my juices or the boy’s saliva.

My eyes kept going down and the came to the teacher who was sat opposite me. His eyes were glued to my pussy.

I did a few Kegel exercises.


Next it was me and the other naked girl. She wasn’t as strong as I thought and I soon had her on the floor. As we rolled about I found myself on top of her in the ‘69’ position. Her head was near the teacher, and therefore my spread pussy was.

The teacher couldn’t see what I was doing as I slid 2 fingers in her vagina and finger fucked her a few times. I stopped when she moaned, but not before I looked over to the boys who were watching my hand.

I did another few Kegel exercises for the benefit of the teacher before I walked backwards on my knees then lay on top of her covering her face with my chest.

A couple of seconds later I heard her thump the ground 3 times and I got up onto my hands and knees; my butt being quite close to the teacher’s face (he was still sat down behind me).

 
Next it was the 2 boys. They seemed to take it more seriously than I certainly had, and they rolled over and over before one of them finally decided that he’d had enough.


It was the turn of the other girl and boy 2 next. The teacher asked him if he wanted a rest before they started but he said not. He managed to find some energy and managed to pull her legs up and back over her head, holding them under his shoulders whilst he pulled on her arms.

All 4 of us stared down at her wet pussy as the boy held her. It was quite a few seconds before the teacher decided that he should really announce the win.


Finally, after a short break, it was me and the other boy. After we had ended up on the floor I managed to get myself on my back with my head near the teacher and my feet near the other boy and girl. 

I spread my legs and hoped that the boy would take advantage of me like I had with the girl. Thankfully he did, and out of the sight of the teacher he finger fucked me with me managing to keep quiet and with a straight face.

Just then the teacher’s phone rang and he got up, excused himself and walked away from us.

I put up no resistance as the boy kept on finger fucking me as the other boy and girl watched.

Needless to say it wasn’t long before I was cumming, much to the delight of those watching. The boy stopped fingering me and got up saying,

“I won.”

Looking up at him I replied,

“I don’t think so, you didn’t cum did you?”

I looked at the front of his shorts and guessed that I was right.

As I got to my feet the teacher returned and apologised for the interruption. None of us said anything.

Looking at his phone, the teacher announced that the lesson was over and that it was time to go and get changed.


The teacher walked out of the gym with me and was asking me questions about why I had gone back to school after leaving another school and getting a job. I gave him the same story and as we got near the teacher’s office I asked if I could borrow a towel.

I again gave the teachers in there a great view of my butt and pussy as I took my time selecting a bottle of shampoo that I liked.


There were still a few boys and girls in the shower as I walked in and I managed to get under a shower head next to the same girl that had massaged my tits the last time that we were there together.

This time I didn’t stop her when she slid her hands down from my tits to my pussy and I spread my legs to give her easy access.

She felt my legs part and took it as permission to rub my clit. I watched the boys watching me as she brought me to a second orgasm within the last 15 minutes; both by different people.

The boys cheered and 2 lots of cum squirted towards us but both fell short.

I returned the compliment making sure that the boys had a great view of what I was doing to her. As I rubbed her clit I remember the cameras and looked up to where I thought one was, and smiled.

Just as she orgasmed I looked up again and saw Mr. Devine looking at us.

“It’s a shame that you weren’t here a couple of minutes ago.” I thought; “you’d have seen me cumming again.”

He smiled and turned and left.


In the canteen I again went and sat with Willow and her 3 friends. I told them about my wresting and about Devine catching me make a girl cum in the showers.

“He did that one time when I was making Scarlett cum.” Hailey said.

“I don’t remember that.” Scarlett said.

“You had your eyes shut and he’d gone by the time you opened them again.”

“Oh; maybe the next time.”


“Do you like Willow’s underwear girls?” I asked.

All 3 said that they did, and Scarlett said that Willow has promised to let her know where we got them from.

As she was saying that I was looking in my bag for my timetable. When I got it out and looked at it I almost freaked out saying,

“Oh my gawd!” I said.

“What’s up V?” Willow asked as all 4 of them looked at me.

“That Devine has given me a double Human Biology this afternoon.”

“Didn’t you tell us that Vanessa got her tits mauled and her pussy prodded and poked when she went to Human Biology Willow?” Hailey asked.

“And made to cum dozens of times.” Scarlett added.

“Yes I did; and this time you’ve got 2 hours of it V. Lucky you.”

“I don’t know if I’ll survive; I mean, how many times can a girl cum in 2 hours?”

“A zillion.” Willow replied.

“I’m dead. If I’m not out at the car by half past, phone Jon and get him to take you to the hospital. You’ll find me in the morgue.”

“What a way to go.” Scarlett said.

“Nice.” Hailey added.

“What a way to start the weekend.” Scarlett added.


Those 2 lessons weren’t quite that bad, or good. The teacher did the same to me (twice) as he’d done the previous time; and he invited the students to do the same as well but after my first orgasm the subsequent ones took longer to arrive. I don’t know if it was me or the students.


Just before the second lesson ended I heard him say that the next time they were going to discuss and demonstrate the female orgasm in more detail. I’d just opened my eyes and when I heard that I closed them and hoped that I’d survive it.


As I left the classroom I again bumped in to Mr. Devine. As I saw him approach I wondered if he was stalking me because he always seems to be right there.

“Hello Vanessa, are you alright? You don’t look too good.”

“I’m fine, just a little tired and sore.”

“Too many speculums and big fingers?”

“Something like that sir.”

“Well have a good weekend and I’ll see you on Tuesday.”

“Good night sir.”



Willow was stood next to the car in the almost deserted car park when I got there. She was only wearing her ‘Strings only’ underwear.

“You look good Willow.” I said.

“Better than you V; but at least you’re still alive. How many times did you cum and how many different people fingered you?”

“I have no idea, and at the moment I don’t care. I just need some rest.”

“Can I drive us home V?”

“No.”

“I can drive, I’ve driven before.”

“I don’t want to know about it Willow; you’re not driving this car.”


We made it home in one piece and by that time I was feeling a little better. Willow offered to get the food ready but I told her to phone for a take-away.

“Oh goody, I can show the delivery guy my undies. I’m sure that he’ll like them.”

“So am I Willow, so am I.” I replied.


Jon arrived home just as the deliver guy was leaving and Willow was still at the front door watching him leave.

“You been like that all day Willow?” Jon asked while she was still wrapped around his neck and waist.

“Nope, I took them off to shower after PE. Then I put them back on. They’re great aren’t they?”



As we ate the take-away; Willow told us all about her day. Most of it was the same old stuff, but she told us that for PE she’d done gymnastics and worn only her ‘Strings only’ underwear.

“I bet that that turned a few heads; and I thought that you wanted to be the centre of attraction so that everyone looked at you?” Jon said. 

“I did, I do, okay, other girls were wearing just T shirts that bunched around their necks when they were upside down and Laura did it just wearing that skirt that I shortened for her but I was all but naked with strings framing my pussy and tits. The male teachers really stared at me, especially when I spread my legs.”


“So Willow,” Jon said, “are there any, shall we say ‘minority gender’ kids at school?”

“Yeah, there a few, in my class there’s a boy who wears skirts and lipstick and eye make-up, and a girl who dresses as a boy; there’s a few of those in the school.” 

“Yes Willow, girls have been dressing in boy’s clothes for decades and it’s always been difficult to tell if it’s for practical reasons, or because they want to be a boy; or if they actually think that they are a boy. It’s always been strange that this has been acceptable whereas if a boy dresses as a girl, up until recently, he has been labelled as a weirdo. A lot of people still think that there’s something wrong with a boy if he dresses as a girl.”

“I think that it’s funny, I mean, how can a boy get his cock and balls into a thong? Lots of them only just cover girl’s pussies; although I like the idea of a boy wearing a mini skirt with no underwear. I’m sure that he’d flash his junk a lot without knowing that he had; I mean, look at the way that boys sit. Maybe boys could wear a ‘Strings only’ thong under a skirt.”

“What about all the sixty or so other genders? Have you seen any of those?”

“Don’t know; there are quite a few ‘strange’ kids and a lot of them lock themselves away in the changing cubicles for PE; but hey; like you say Jon; ‘live and let live’. 

“Quite Willow;” Jon replied, “now what else did you get up to at school?”

“Nothing really, just boring lessons and me flashing my pussy at teachers; Oh, did V tell you that we both drove to school without any clothes on?”

“No, not yet.”

“Well we did, and we both went to Mr. Devine’s office still naked. I got dressed in front of him and he said that he liked my undies.”

“Did he come and watch you and the other kids in the gym or shower?”

“No he didn’t. Maybe he had some work to do.”

“Maybe; what about you V? How has your day?”

I told Jon and Willow all about my day and by the time I’d finished we had finished eating. Jon went out to his workshop and Willow and I cleaned up.

Then Willow went to her room and I did the housework.



Saturday

The 3 of us spent the first hour or so of awake time with Jon fucking me then oral sex all round. Willow was very enthusiastic and is getting good at blowjobs and can take Jon’s cock in her throat for quite a while, although she needs a towel to wipe all her saliva as it dribbles out of her mouth.

She’s still not happy that Jon won’t fuck her yet.

 
First household job of the day was shopping, and Willow volunteered to come with me after I told her that it was a great place to flash strangers. Without being told, she came down wearing a micro dress that has a baggy top. We both laughed when she saw that I had put on a similar dress.


I’m pretty sure that we put a smile on quite a few men’s faces; Willow especially as she was forever bending down or squatting down or reaching up to get something off a shelf and asking if we could try whatever product it was that she’d got in her hand.

She also volunteered to push the trolley, inside and outside the supermarket, and she put lots of butt skin on display as she pushed it along bent forwards over it.

That supermarket shop took twice as long as it usually does.


When we got home one of the packages that was waiting for us was the Frisky Restraint Set that I’d ordered for Willow. She wasn’t too happy that she’s missed seeing the delivery man but soon forgot about that when she saw the Frisky set and a suction base dildo that I’d ordered for her.

“Can you tie me to my bed now please? I want to try my Lush with people watching me when I’m tied up.”

“Maybe later, let’s go and find Jon and see what he’s up to.”


He was still in his workshop and he was working on a new, boy’s bicycle.

“I’ve got your one ready to go V and this one is for Willow. You can ride a bike can’t you?”

“Sure, Zack taught me when I was 6 or 7. I think that he liked to watch my cute little butt hanging over the back of the saddle.”

“You weren’t wearing knickers when you were 6 then?” I asked.

“Nope; well only when mummy told me that I had to.”

“I bet that you were popular with the boys at school.”

“I don’t think so; I guess that they didn’t understand at that age. Not that I really did; it’s just that I didn’t like knickers. Is that a dildo under the saddle of Vanessa’s bike Jon?”

“Yes it is and she’s going to give you a demonstration of how it works as she follows you up and down the drive on your bike a couple of times.”

“But mine hasn’t got a dildo under the saddle.”

“When you can prove that you are a competent cyclist I will fit the dildo; okay?

“Okay; come on V; let me see you get fucked by a bike.”


We wheeled the bikes outside then Jon held my bike whilst I mounted the dildo that was sticking up through the saddle. I bottomed out with a long sigh. It had been a long time since Jon and I had gone on a bike ride with me getting fucked by the bike or me bringing myself off by sliding from side to side on a raised saddle.


“That’s awesome.” Willow said when she saw the dildo going up and down as I peddled. 

“Go on Willow; show me that you can ride.” I heard Jon say from behind me.


Before long there were 2 naked girls pedalling up and down our drive.


On our third journey towards the house I could hear a vehicle behind us and when we stopped at the front of the house I saw that it was the postman’s little red van. A smiling postman got out and said,

“There’ll be lots of accidents if you 2 go out on the road like that.”

“It’s okay; we’ll put dresses on before we go onto the road.” I replied.

“And mine will have a dildo coming up through the saddle as well.” Willow added.

“Aren’t you the lucky young lady?” The postman replied as he handed me a couple of letters. “One needs signing for please.”

Just then Jon came round the corner of the house and said,

“Good morning; I’ll sign for it.”

Willow and I just stood there and watched, Willow on her feet with the crossbar of the bike pressing on her pussy and me with one foot on the ground, the other on a pedal and the dildo deep inside me.


After the postman had gone Jon said,

“Okay girls, I think that you’ve proved that you can ride a bike Willow. Bring them to the workshop and I’ll make a couple of adjustments then you can have another go.”


We watched as Jon worked and I quickly realised what he was doing. The dildo was removed from my bike and the seat was raised up. The seat was raised on Willows.

“Time for another ride girls.”

“But the seat’s too high; I won’t be able to reach the ground.”

“You’ll have to slide off the saddle if you want to put your feet down Willow; watch Vanessa.” Jon replied.


“Is that …… You’re rubbing your ….. I get it.” I heard Willow say as she got on her bike and started pedalling.


“That’s nice.” Willow said as she caught up with me.


As we got back to the house Jon said,

“Don’t forget to stop if you need to when you cum Willow; I don’t want you falling off and getting hurt.”

“Too late Jon; I orgasmed just after we turned around at the gate.”

“Should have guessed. Okay, into the workshop and I’ll fit the dildo for you.”


“Lower yourself onto the dildo and have a practice ride on the bike stand before you go out onto the drive Willow.” Jon said when he was done.

I watched Willow slowly impale herself with a few gasps, ‘oows’ and ‘aarghs’ before a long sigh as she bottomed out.

“Get yourself comfortable then slowly pedal so that you get used to it.” Jon said.

Thirty seconds later Willow was pedalling away like she was in a race. Then she stopped; and screamed and shuddered.

“That was awesome.” She finally said. “I can’t wait to do that riding through town.”

“Slow down there girl; one step at a time. If the good weather holds we’ll go for a little ride tomorrow and I can guarantee that you’ll have a sore butt on Monday.”

“And a sore pussy.” I added.

“Right girls; a couple of rides up and down the drive then put those bikes away. You’ve got some restraints to try out.”


We did ride up and down the drive a couple of times with Willow taking it easy so that she could get used to riding on the road whilst being fucked by the dildo.

Neither of us orgasmed again.


Up in Willow’s room we unpacked the Frisky Restraint Set and put the cuffs on Willow’s wrists and ankles then I tied her down to each corner of her bed.

“I like it but it’s a bit boring; I could easily go to sleep like this.” Willow said.

“Okay, try this.” I replied and untied her ankles from the bottom corner of her bed then re-tied them to the top corners leaving her legs up in the air and spread wide.

“That’s better; now can you push my Lush inside me and switch my PC on and go to that wonderful website; I want the whole world to see me like this and I want those men to pay to control my Lush.”

I set everything up and left her to it, knowing that there was every chance that in an hour or so she’d be totally knackered and have orgasmed countless times.


An hour later I went and released her and switched her PC off. She was still getting little after-shocks when I left her to probably have a little sleep.


We had an early evening meal and after we’d started eating Jon said,

“Willow, it’s the ‘O’ club meeting tonight and we’re going. Before I enter you into any competitions I’ve got to ask you this, and if you say ‘no’ we will not think any the less of you; and absolutely nothing else will change, but do you REALLY want to enter the competitions? You’ll have to make yourself cum in front of goodness knows how many people then they’ll all caress and grope your body and make you cum some more. Well I think that that’s what will happen.

Willow turned to Jon, gave him big hug, kissed him on his lips then said,

“Jon, thank you for asking, it makes me love you even more, but ………. Fuck yes, of course I want to do it, and I’m going to win it as well. If you don’t take me I’ll find someone who will. Maybe Mr. Devine would take me.”

“It wouldn’t surprise me if he will be there anyway. I wonder if he’d take his wife or a girlfriend; or maybe some girls from school.”

“That would be cool; maybe I could organise competitions like that at school.”

“I doubt that, it’s one thing having naked girls at his school and spanking them in front of all the pupils; but having masturbation competitions and everyone groping naked girls is something quite different.”

“But,” I interrupted, “isn’t that what happens to me in my human biology classes?”

“Yes, I suppose it is; but that’s in the name of education so it’s okay.”

“But these competitions are a form of education.” Willow said.

“But not in the name of it. Okay Willow we’ll go; now eat up then we’ll get going; we don’t want to miss the start and not be able to enter you two.”



The 3 of us got in the car, both Willow and I wearing nothing but a dress and shoes, which is usual for us; and 45 minutes later we were walking from the Red Lion pub car park up to the private functions room, stopping at the bar for Jon to get us some drinks. 

There was a big bouncer on the door and when Jon told him that we were there for the ‘O’ club meeting he looked at Willow and I, smiled, and opened the door.

We were greeted by the sight of about 25 people all sat around 4 rectangular tables in the centre of the room. The ages of the people varied from around Willow’s age to pensioners.

Half of the people were men, each of which had a naked girl / woman sat or stood with them. As we stood there I saw the doctor that had made both Willow and I cum in his surgery. He saw us and got up and came over to us.


“Jon, good to see you; and I’m happy that you decided to join us. You won’t regret it; and these 2 will have a good time as well. Come, I’ll introduce you to Terry; he runs the club and will take your names and put the girls names on the names lists. You 2 girls need to take you clothes off right now. You can keep the shoes on.”

I looked at Jon then Willow; and within seconds our dresses were pooled on the floor.


Terry is a really charming man but I got the impression that he could be a bit dominant when he wanted to be. He took our names and explained what was going to happen; basically what that doctor had told Jon. Then asked Jon which sections he was entering Willow and I in to.

“Everyone that I can.” Willow said.

“Well,” Terry said, “this one seems to know what she wants. Okay little girl, I’ll put your name on to the Junior’s list. Jon; do you want her to be on the Adults list as well?”

“Yes, why not; I’m pretty sure that she can hold her own against the older women.”

“And this one? Does she want to enter the Junior’s competition?”

“Well she’s still at school but she’s over 16 so I guess that she’d better just enter the Adults competition. We wouldn’t want to be accused of cheating.”

“Fair enough; their names are now on the lists.” Terry replied. “The competitions don’t start for another 15 minutes; look around, mingle with these like-minded people; you may have other things in common.”

“Thank you Terry.” Jon said, “I have to ask, why do the girls have to take their clothes off as soon as they arrive instead of waiting until their competition?”

“Ah yes; last year we had a girl who freaked out when it came time for her competition, she wouldn’t even take her clothes off; so now we get the girls to strip as soon as they arrive. They seem to like it this way as well, and the average number of orgasms for each session has gone up as well.”

“You keep records then?” Jon asked.

“We certainly do. I have a spreadsheet that has every orgasm recorded on it right back to our first meeting. Oh, I forgot to mention it; you don’t have any problems with the sessions being video recorded have you Jon. We started that a couple of months ago and it has gone down well. I’ll give you our web address and an ID and password later so that you can watch all the sessions.”

“Thank you Terry. I look forwards to watching those.”


Terry went off to do whatever and Jon went over to the first table of people and introduced us. After a few greetings and crude comments from the men about Willow and I; we moved on to the next table.


When we got to the last table Willow suddenly said,

“Laura; what the fuck are you doing here?”

“Silly question Willow; the same thing as you are. I wanted to mention this club last week but I wasn’t sure that you’d want to know.”

“Of course I wanted to know; have I missed any meetings since I moved up here.”

“Not since you started at our school.”


Meanwhile; Jon was introducing us to the adults at the table, including Laura’s father.

That done, Jon started talking to Laura’s father, Tom, and I joined the conversation with Willow and Laura.

“So Laura, is this your first time here?” I asked.

“No, it’s my third time; daddy will only let me enter the Junior’s competition but I’m working on that.”

“I’m entering both, Juniors and Adults.” Willow said.

“I’m jealous, I want all those hands on me.”

Changing the subject I said,

“I hear that your mother won’t let you go to school without any knickers on?” 

“Yeah, I love her, but she’s so old-fashioned and religious. At least she hasn’t made me start wearing bras – yet. That will be another thing that stays in my locker every day. I like it better when she’s away on business, I can go to school with no underwear and roll the top of my skirts so that my pussy is nearly showing.”

“I take it that she doesn’t know that you, or your father are here tonight.” I said.

“Good grief no; she thinks that dad has taken me to see an ice hockey game.”

“Your father is obviously very different to your mother then?”

“Yes, Mum’s got a really good job but it means that she’s away from home a lot. Dad’s a sort of father and mother to me a lot of the time, he’s awesome. We talk about everything, even my periods. He takes me away on holidays, just the 2 of us, and we have an amazing time. He’s even going to get me a horse just as soon as we can find somewhere to keep it.”

“So, which of you spoke about this club first?”

“Dad; we talk about my orgasms, how I should masturbate and things like that. When we can, he shows me what he used to do to mum before she went off sex. He said that I should come to these meetings and learn some new techniques and show everyone how I do it.”

“So, does your dad fuck you Laura?” Willow asked.

“No, not yet. He says that I’m too young, but he’s promised that he’ll be my first, when the time is right.”

“Yeah,” Willow said, “that’s what Jon says; ‘when the time is right’.”

“I like the way that all us girls have to strip off as soon as we get here and wait around naked while the men are fully clothed.” Willow continued.

“Yes, so do I, but it would be nice to see the men’s cocks,” Laura replied.

“So, have you seen your dad’s cock Laura?”

“Hell yeah, loads of times. When he takes me away on holidays, just me and him, we spend most of the time that we are in our room naked. I love it when his cock gets hard without it being touched.”

“Jon’s get hard even in his sleep; then he fucks Vanessa when he wakes up and before she does.”

“He fucks her while she’s still asleep?”

“Err hello you 2; I’m right here. I can tell you what Jon does to me; but yes, he does wake me up by fucking me. It’s an awesome way to wake up.”


Just then we heard Terry call for some quiet as the first session was about to start. He went on to welcome the new members to the club and said that he hoped that they enjoyed their first meeting.

Then he said,

“As we all know, an orgasm is a beautiful thing that should be shared with all the people around, so, with no further ado I call our first 4 younger members to the centre of the room. Heather, Laura, Lucy and our newest member Willow, step forward and climb onto a table. Relax Isabelle and Harper, you will be able to perform for us after these 4.”

Willow looked at Laura who smiled at her then put out a hand for Willow to take. They stepped forward and all 4 girls took their place, flat on their backs on a table. Each girl automatically spread their legs wide.

“Slow down girls;” Terry said, “I need to put these heart monitors on you.”

Whilst Terry was putting the monitors on their wrists I looked at each girl’s pussy. All were shiny, wet and looking swollen.

As Terry fitted the fourth monitor he turned and as he walked back to a table with 4 laptops on it he said,

“Just let me check that I’m receiving 4 signals; ah yes, 4 steady heart beats. Right girls, you have 15 minutes starting from NOW.”


Four girl’s hands shot to their pussies and the other 4 hands went to one of their tits. Before long all 4 were moaning and making all sorts of noises. Legs went up in the air and pussies were attacked from every angle possible.

After about 4 minutes Terry announced that we had the first orgasm of the evening – Willow, 3 minutes 57 seconds. 

“That might be a record; I’ll have to check.” He said.

Shortly after that the noise levels started rising and the orgasms started cumming (pun intended) quite fast and quite frequently.


Presumably, after 15 minutes, Terry shouted ‘STOP’, 2 pairs of legs came down and 2 pairs of hands settled beside hips.

“Lucy, Willow” Terry said, “times up, you need to stop now.”

But Lucy didn’t stop for another 25 seconds, just after she reached another orgasm.

“That was wonderful Lucy,” Terry said, “but it was outside the 15 minutes so it doesn’t count.”

“I don’t care, I just couldn’t stop myself.” Lucy said.

Willow wasn’t masturbating; she was just holding her hand over her pussy and breathing heavily. Just after Lucy had said what she did, Willow let out a loud moan then her body shuddered and her butt lifted off the table and her body went rigid. After another long, loud moan she let out all the air in her lungs and she collapsed down onto the table.

“That too was outside the 15 minutes Willow; amazing as it was, it doesn’t count.” Terry said.

“I needed that.” Willow said as she sat up and swung her feet off the table.


There were a few little laughs and a few people clapped they hands; then Terry announced the results: -

Heather - 1
Laura - 2
Lucy - 1
Willow - 3

Everyone in the room cheered and clapped their hands as 4 smiling and proud girls climbed off their tables and went back to the men who had brought them.


Willow was still beaming when she got back to Jon and I. He put his arm round her, hugged her and quietly said,

“I’m so proud of you Willow.”


I watched as Terry wiped up 4 little puddles from the tables then I heard him call for Isabelle and Harper and we all watched them masturbate in front of the audience of about 2 dozen or so people. Each came twice.


Then it was the adults. There were 7 naked women, including me, waiting for the chance to masturbate to multiple orgasms in front of all those people. I was in the second group and I managed to cum 3 times, just like Willow had.

I really enjoyed masturbating for those people and I was a little disappointed that I only managed to cum 3 times.


There was a 15 minute break next where Jon and Laura’s father, Tom, went and got us some more drinks. As well as soft drinks, Jon brought us some water which both Willow and I needed.

Whilst Willow, Laura and I were waiting, and talking, Terry came over and congratulated us, telling us that it was rare for rookie members to win either the Junior or the Adult sections. As he was talking I could see that his eyes were on our chests and our nipples, all 6 of them were still rock hard and mine, probably Willow’s and Laura’s as well, were still throbbing from our experience.

“So girl’s, it’s just our newcomers in the hands-on round is it? Still not got Tom to let you enter has he Laura?”

“No, I’m still working on that.” Laura replied.


Just then Jon and Tom returned and Terry went to get things ready for what he told us were 2 ‘hands-on’ rounds.


Terry was replaced by the doctor who started by asking Jon and Tom if their girls had enjoyed their sessions. After the obvious answers he told us that our regular doctor had decided to only work part-time Mondays to Wednesdays and that he would be taking his patients for the rest of the week. Then he said,

“So if you need to bring the girls to see a doctor the end of the week would be best, and make sure that you book the last appointment of the day. That way I can give the girls a thorough check-up each time. Oh by the way, I’m Doctor Jones; be sure to ask to see me.”

I saw him wink at Jon then Tom asked him which doctor’s surgery he worked at, saying that he’d transfer Laura to be his patient.

Willow later told Jon and I that she’d told Laura what had happened to her and me when we went to see the doctor. That explained the smile on Laura’s face when her father had said what he did.

Then the doctor continued,

“Jon, looking at your 2 girls, I think that I know another club that you may be interested in. It’s called the Spanking Society and, as the name infers, it’s all about spanking girls. It’s not about beating girls to an inch of their lives; the worst that I’ve seen is a couple of little drops of blood appearing on the skin surface. No, it’s about men who want their girls to experience a spanking from people that they have never met before.”

“That sounds interesting doc, tell me more.”

“We haven’t got the time here but suffice to say that the girls are naked and about half of them leave the meetings with a red and painful butts.”

“Can you text me the details please doc, you’ve got my number.” 

As I heard this I felt my pussy get a little wetter. 


Terry called for quiet.


There were only 6 girls who wanted, or their men would allow, to be in these rounds and Terry split us into 2 lots of 3. When he announced each group of 3 he joked saying that there weren’t enough hands in the room to satisfy a group of 4 and it wouldn’t be fair on the group of 4 if the group of 2 got more hands on them.


I was in the first round and I really enjoyed the feeling of around 2 dozen stranger’s hands, men’s and girl’s, caressing and groping all of my body. Some of them were really good at clit rubbing and finger fucking.  In between orgasms I managed to see one of Tom’s hands working on my pussy.

I managed 4 orgasms, equalled by one other girl.


Willow was in the second round and I stood back, next to Laura, and watched her enjoy the experience. Tom also finger fucked Willow and as we watched I said to Laura,

“What’s it like watching your father make one of your friends cum?”

“I’m jealous in 2 ways, firstly I want to be on that table and secondly Willow is getting finger fucked by MY father. I want to get finger fucked by Willow’s father.”

“Laura, Jon isn’t Willow’s father; they are not related in any way.”

“But you all live together don’t you?”

“Yes.”

“That’s good enough for me.”

“Do you think that Jon would finger fuck me before we go home?”

“Given the chance I’m sure that he would; but I don’t think that the opportunity will arise. Besides, he wouldn’t do it unless your father agreed to it.”


Just then we heard Willow moan extremely loudly as she orgasmed; closely followed by Terry announcing that the time was up.

 
“Well girls and gentlemen; it’s happened again. We have a 3 way tie on 4 orgasms. Has anyone any idea as to how we can resolve this?”

A handful of people came up with the suggestions: -

“Give them another 15 minutes.”

“Give them dildos.”

“Let me fuck them and see who cums in the shortest time.”

“Have a pussy eating competition.”

Terry stopped the suggestions at that point and called the 3 who had cum 4 times; that was Willow, another girl and me.

Terry directed us to lie on a table with our legs hanging over the end, then to raise our legs and to hold them back as wide as we could. Three spread pussies were on full display for the whole room to see.

“Right, everyone else form a line, the first 3 going to one of the girls. When I say so, start eating the pussy in front of you. I will shout ‘change’ after 1 minute and the next 3 in the queue will take over.

We will continue until one of the girls has orgasmed twice.”


Thirty seconds later Terry shouted ‘start’ and I felt a mouth on my pussy.

Somewhere like 10 or 15 minutes later Terry shouted,

“Stop, we have a winner.”

I’d just heard Willow cum and I correctly assumed that Willow was the winner.

Everyone went back to their seats except Willow who was intercepted by Terry who took her to the middle table and lifted her up on to it. She stood there, feet about shoulder width apart and hands by her side, looking a little embarrassed, but she was also beaming. When the noise died down Terry continued,

“Ladies and girls, our winner is one of our newest and youngest members. How old are you Willow?”

“13.”

“There you go, barely a teenager and can cum so many times in one evening. We are all proud of you Willow. I don’t know if anyone has said anything about prizes, but we don’t give prizes. Winning and all those orgasms is your prize but I’m sure that the man who brought you will find some way of rewarding you.”


Terry lifted Willow off the table, and without being told, she went to every table in the room and thanked everyone for such a wonderful evening. When she got to where Jon and I were she sat on his lap and kissed him all over his face. She lingered as she kissed his lips and I could tell that their tongues were meeting for a few seconds before she got up and completed the circuit of the room.

“Quite a girl you’ve got there Jon.” Tom said.

“She sure is Tom, but you’re not doing too bad at all; Laura appears to quite a girl as well.”

Tom turned to Laura, kissed her head and squeezed one of her little tits.


“You’ll have to come over for dinner one evening and bring your family.”

“Well there’s only the 3 of us but my wife doesn’t know about Laura’s and my secret life. She’d have a heart attack if she knew where we are right now. So if it’s okay with you it will be just Laura and me.”

“That’s fine, I much prefer it when we can all relax and be our true selves.”


I’d seen Willow’s jaw drop a little when Jon invited Laura’s mother as well but she got her smile back when Tom said that it would be just him and Laura.


Shortly after that people started to leave and I noticed that a couple of the girls had to be reminded to put their clothes on before they left the room. I also saw the doctor leave with that Lucy girl and wondered if she was his daughter.


In the car on the way home Willow said,
 
“So what prize am I going to get Jon? Are you going to fuck me?”

“I don’t know yet Willow.” Jon replied.

“You fucking me is the only thing that is stopping my life from becoming totally perfect.”

“We’ll see Willow, we’ll see.”