F/dog, F/F

Here is the third part of my vacation. I hope you enjoy it...

If you remember where I left off from part 2...I had just been happily fucked by my stray dog, bleeding from where his paws had dug into me, when his owner came running up to offer her apology and assistance. I agreed to let her help me mainly because I was still bleeding pretty badly and also because I was still weak in the legs from the fucking I just had, but also because I was curious about her and her dog. 

As we walked back to the cabin, I found out that her name was Katie; she was 28 and the granddaughter of the people I rented my cabin. She told me that every other summer she would come spend 2 weeks at her grandparent's property, staying in one of their half dozen cabins. She told me she loved coming out here because it was so peaceful and a great stress reliever. Katie was not drop-dead gorgeous but very easy on the eyes...plain but attractive with beautiful eyes and smile. She was about 5' 4", short, cropped blonde hair, with an average body...small breasts and butt. 

I also found out that, my stray lover, her dog, was named 'Spirit' and he had been given to her as a gift about 2 years before. This was the first time she had brought Spirit with her to the mountains. She told me that 2 days before he had wandered off and did not come back and she had been looking for him ever since. I told her that 2 days before, Spirit, had wandered up to my cabin and spent the day but that night he left. She gave me a wicked smile and said, "Well, I am glad it was you since he seems to like you". I only smiled back with my own wicked smile thinking if she only knew...

When we got back to the cabin, we sat everything down on the kitchen table and I went to the bathroom to get some cotton balls, a warm washcloth, water, and hydrogen peroxide.  Upon returning to the kitchen, I found Katie putting everything up. I told her all that could wait for right now.  I started cleaning the areas where Spirit had dug into me but before I could go any further, Katie grabbed the warm washcloth from my hand and started cleaning the sores.  I felt a little uncomfortable with that but I knew I could not clean the wounds myself.  After a few minutes of cleaning the sores, Katie told me to stand up so she could get to them better.

When I stood up, Katie told me to put my arms above my head so she could get up a better view of the sores.  It hurt to stretch but it also felt good to have Katie hands touching me.  As she got closer to look at the sores, I could feel her breath on my stomach and I started to get aroused.  The more her hands touched me and her breath caressed my stomach, the wetter I was becoming between my legs.  I knew I had to get her to stop soon before she found out how horny I was getting.

Finally, she stopped and I sat down before I collapsed.  By that time, I was starting to get very hungry and ask Katie if she liked to stay for dinner.  She eagerly said yes and started setting the table.  Since I had not eaten the picnic basket food, I asked her if that was OK if we ate that.  Again, she said that was OK.  While she was setting the table and getting the food out, I went and got us some wine.  We both ate and drank, as we had not eaten in days.  We had already finished one bottle of wine before we were done eating so we were both starting to relax around each other.

When we were done eating, I grabbed another bottle of wine and we both went into the living room and sat on the couch.  By the time we finished the second bottle of wine, we felt like we have known each other all our lives.  I still had my bikini on and I needed to go to the bathroom so I excuse myself to go change and to relieve myself.  When I got into the bathroom, I stripped my bikini off and sat on the toilet to take a pee.  After relieving myself, I took a piece of toilet paper to wipe myself and when I did, my fingers accidentally rubbed against my clit, which I found very sensitive.  

After drinking so much wine, I was starting to get very horny so I decided to give myself a quick finger fuck.  Within just a couple minutes, I had an orgasm.  I knew I should not have started because I wanted more but I knew I could not do anything right then because Katie was outside.  I decided to put on a pair of shorts and a tight top without any panties or bra.  When I looked in the mirror, my nipples were hard as a rock and you could see them through my tight top.

When I got back to the living room, Katie excused herself to go relieve herself.  She must have smelt me from the bathroom because when she got back, she sat right down next to me and started rubbing my leg.  She told me that she had something to tell me, but she was afraid to tell me and also that she was embarrassed to tell me. 

I told her she could tell me anything but she did not know where to begin.  I told her to think about it for a minute while I got another bottle of wine.  After pouring her another glass of wine, she said she was ready to tell me but she hoped I would not get mad.  By this time, I was too tipsy to get mad at anything and told her to tell me what was on her mind.

She began by saying that she had lied to me.  She said that two nights ago when I let Spirit go home, he did go home and when he got there he was really frisky with her and she did not know why.  She said for the rest of that night and the next day, Spirit kept wanting to stick his nose into her pussy and kept trying to mount her.

I just sat there not knowing what to say and hoping she would not guess what had happened between him and me.  She went on to say that, she knew something had happened to him two days ago but she didn't know what, but she was determined to find out.  So, this morning she decided to let Spirit run freely and she would follow, keeping him close, hoping to find what had piqued his interest.

She continued by saying that Spirit must had sensed where I was because after being out not less than an hour, he had found me on the beach giving my dogs blow jobs.  When she said that, my face must have turned a hundred shades of red and I was starting to stutter my words, searching for a response, but before I could, she continued telling her story.  She said that before Spirit had a chance to run to me, she grabbed him by the collar and she hid behind a bush to watch.  She said at first she was disgusted at seeing me give my dogs blowjobs.  She said she had heard before about women and dogs but thought they were only stories.

She said her first instinct was to walk away but something inside her wanted to keep watching and see what happened.  It was as if she was mesmerized and she actually felt herself being a little turned on by it.  She said Spirit kept trying to break from her but she kept a tight grip on him.  The more she watched me suck and lick my dogs the more she could not take her eyes off me and the more she felt herself becoming aroused.  After watching me for a little bit, while still holding Spirit, she used her other hand to start rubbing her pussy.  The more she watched me, the harder she went at her pussy.  Finally, she knew Spirit would break from her so she let him go so she could use both hands on herself and also see what would transpire once Spirit got to me.

She said as much as she was shocked by what she was seeing and feeling, she was totally blown away by what happened next.  When she saw Spirit start licking my pussy and ass she could not believe it and then when he jumped on my back and I let him start fucking me while I continue to suck my dogs, she knew right then where Spirit had been two days before and why he was so frisky with her. She did not know what to think or do. She wanted to walk away but her body would not move. Her mind kept telling her that what we (I) was doing was not natural or right but she could not help but feel turn-on by it and was actually enjoying watching it. The more she watched, her natural instincts took over and she began to finger fuck herself as she watched.

She said her shorts and panties were getting in the way so she pulled them down to her ankles so she could sit with her legs spread and have better access to her pussy.  She could not believe I could continue to suck my dogs while Spirit was fucking me so intensely.  She thought for a few minutes that Spirit was going to shove his cock through my pussy out to the other side.  While she was playing with her pussy, she started thinking about what it would be like to have a dog fuck her.  She then stated that she had never been with anyone or any thing besides a man and she could not imagine what it would be like to be with another woman and especially with an animal.

She then said that while I was having dog cum sprayed all over me, she had the biggest orgasm of her life.  She could not believe that she just watched in awe a woman suck two dogs while being fuck by her own dog!  What was even more amazing is that she enjoyed watching and she enjoyed the feelings she was having and that she could not believe she masturbated to all of it.  She said when I was done and was cleaning up the cum, she put her panties and shorts back on and ran down the beach so I would not know that she was watching me.

I was so embarrassed; I did not know what to say to her so I just sat there in silence.  Finally, after downing a whole glass of wine if one gulp, I told her that I was sorry and I hope she wouldn't tell anyone what I did and I didn't blame her if she hated me for what I did with her dog.  She didn't say anything for a few minutes and then she looked me straight in the eyes and said, no, it's me who should apologize because I lied to you and also because what you do in private is your business but I made it public by watching and not leaving.  In addition, she wanted to apologize because she got off by watching me without me knowing and that was wrong of her.

In the back of my mind, I was thinking that I would better just leave things as they were but when she said that she got off by watching me, my body had second thoughts.  I told her she did not have to apologize to me but I did have some questions for her if she did not mind.  She said of course not.  So I asked her, did you really like what you saw?  She answered in a low voice, yes.  Did you like what you felt when you watched?  The answer again, yes.  Then, I didn't know whether it was the wine speaking, my curiosity, my horniness, or a combination of all but I asked her, would you like to try something new?  She slowly looked into my eyes and with a sheepish grin, said yes.

Without a second thought or giving her a chance to change her mind, I leaned over and gave her a gentle kiss.  At first, she did not respond and I was not sure if I made the right choice but I tried it again and the second kiss she responded back by kissing me back.  I then took her hand and led her into my bedroom where she allowed me to undress her while I remain clothed.  When I had her completely undressed, I stepped back to look at her. Her clothes had hid the shape of her body. Katie had very perky 33b tits with a neatly trim pussy and a tight, firm ass. As I admired her body, I slowly took my clothes off, allowing her to see another woman naked and up close.  I stepped back up to her, grabbed her hand, placed it on my face, and told her to do exactly as I do.

I then took my own hand and started caressing her face and neck while she mimicked me.  After caressing her face and neck, I slowly started caressing her breast with her following suit.  I gently caressed, rubbed, and kneaded her breasts, allowing her to do the same to me.  Then I reached down with my mouth and took her nipple into my mouth and slowly started kissing and licking her nipple.  

As I did, she let out a soft moan.  I took one nipple in my mouth than the other, making sure they were hard and erect when I was done.  When I was done, she leaned down to my breasts and did the same thing.  For her first time, she knew exactly what to do when she had my nipple in her mouth.  I also would have a soft moan.

When she finished, I continued my caressing and exploring by moving my hand over her stomach and down to her soft and wet pussy, taking my time to spread her lips and play with her clit before entering her with my finger.  I told her to do me while I was doing her.  Without hesitation, she started to explore my now very wet pussy.  We stood there for a good 10 minutes exploring each other's pussy.  There was so much tension and exhilaration and newness, that we both orgasm at virtually the same time.  I then took her fingers into my mouth and slowly sucked and licked each of her fingers, which she reciprocated in-kind.

I then laid her on the bed and told her just to lay still and let me do the work and for her trust me completely.  I told her when I was done if she wanted to then she could do me but since this was her first time, I wanted to pleasure her so she would know what it was like to be with another woman.  So for the next two hours I pleasured her in every way I knew how, bringing her to multiple orgasms. When I finally felt I had given her my all and she was completely satisfied, we just laid there and held each other.  

After a few minutes, she started asking me some questions, which I knew we are going to come but I was not sure I was ready to answer. The first few were the easy ones...when was my first time with another woman? How many women had I been with? Was I a lesbian or bi? A few more questions about women but then the question I knew she was afraid to ask but most wanted to know. 

When was my first time with a dog and what was it like? I told her I wasn't going to answer that just yet but if she really was still interested in knowing...I would not only answer them but I would show her. However, I told her that she needed to be certain she wanted to know because once she started down that road, there was no turning back.

She said okay, she was seriously think about it.  Then she asked if she could pleasure me like I did her.  That was the first offer all-night that I could not refuse.  I must have been a good teacher because before she was finished I lost count on the number of times I orgasm.

When we had finished exploring each other with our fingers and tongues, including me tongue fucking her ass, and bringing each other to multiple orgasms, I asked her if she was still interested in what it was like to be with a dog. I could tell she was nervous but she said yes. I reassured her that I would be with her and that I would make it special for her. 

I told her to put a blanket on the floor and wait on the bed. I then brought my black lab, Max, into the room and had him lay on the blanket. I rolled him on his back, told her to lie on the other side of him and pet him, and watched me. As she petted him, I got Max's 8" cock hard. Max's cock is also about 3 inches thick and very hard. After getting Max hard, I started slowly licking his long shaft up and down, making sure to circle his head with my tongue. I then started sucking his massive cock, taking long, slow strokes. Max had been through this many times and knew not to struggle, in fact, Max loves to be sucked for long periods of time.

After sucking on him for about 15 minutes, I told Katie to get on her hands and knees and straddle Max. She was scared at first but did as I said. When she was in place, I told her to take over sucking Max for me. She was hesitant at first but finally leaned down and put her tongue on the end of his head, tasting him. After licking his cock a few times, she put his massive cock into her mouth and started sucking him. I told her to suck him slowly but intensely because he loves the tightness on his cock. As I watched her for a few minutes, I could tell they both were enjoying it very much.

After a few minutes, I went around to the back of Katie and spread her lips and ass. I then started tongue fucking her. The more I tongue fucked her, the harder she sucked Max. Katie was enjoying this but I had something else in mind for her. Katie did not even notice when I stopped tongue fucking her, went, and brought my other dog, Bear, into the room. 

After putting booty socks on Bear, I let him lick Katie. His long tongue started probing her pussy and ass with long strokes, making Katie's body shudder. She started to stop sucking Max but I told her to continued, which she did with more gusto. While Bear was probing Katie's cunt, I got Bear nice and hard. Bear's cock is about the same length as Max but only about half the thickness. 

When I felt Katie was ready, I had Bear mount her as I guided his cock into his new bitch. Katie jumped when Bear entered her but she did not stop sucking Max but rather picked up the pace. I knew she would not last long the first time so I had Bear fuck her fast, hard and deep. The harder he fucked her, the faster she picked up the pace on Max. Max was the first one to explode...his hot cum shooting into Katie's mouth. I watched as she tried to swallow as much as she could but there was too much. As she was still swallowing, Bear shot his hot load in her as she cried out in pleasure. Bear's was still fucking her as I pulled him out and his cum ran out her pussy and down her legs.

As she laid there on her back, I smeared their remaining cum all over her tits, stomach and pussy and then let both of them licked her clean. She had two more orgasms just by them cleaning her. When they were done, I put them back out of the room and asked her if she enjoyed what just happened. She said that was truly awesome and she could not believe it would be that good. I asked her if she was ready for more. She did not understand me at first until I lead Spirit into the room. With that, she just smiled.

For the rest of that night we pleasured one another and we shared Spirit between us, letting him fuck us as we fucked one another. The next two days we spent at the cabin having a fuck feast with the three dogs and ourselves, only taking time to eat, shower together and take naps. When it was time to part, Katie asked me if I would come back next summer. I just gave her a wicked smile...

Comments can be sent to mbknowdogluv@yahoo.com
