Lorena Loves Looking
bynohomer©

I have two friends named Jason and Lorena. Lorena is a delightful exhibitionist who likes to wear clothes that show off her long legs and small breasts. Even though she's not a beautiful woman, Lorena is most certainly one of the sexiest women I've ever seen in my life. 

I used to go to their apartment often in order to play chess with Jason. I enjoy playing chess but the real reason I went there often is because of Lorena. While Jason and I played the game, Lorena would busy herself in the background doing normal things that any woman would in her apartment. 

I would often notice her from the corners of my eyes as she moved around on a couch and 'accidently' showed me too much leg or even a glimpse of panties. 

After a while I realized that both of them were in on the game. Jason would insist that I sit in a certain chair while we played and I'm sure it was no coincidence that I could see a reflection in a mirror of Lorena when she changed clothes.

One of my most cherished tease-memories of Lorena is the time that Jason was cooking hamburgers on the grill on the patio and Lorena and I were sitting in the living room facing each other. She turned toward Jason to say something and as she did, she uncrossed her legs. She was looking at him and I gazed at her long legs. I considered myself lucky to get a quick look at her open thighs and I almost was able to see her panties. She turned and looked right at me and then continued our small talk. 

Moments later she turned to Jason once again to ask him another question. As she did this she uncrossed her legs once again exactly as before. This time I was ready and watched as her legs slowly uncrossed and opened for my view. I was astonished and excited to notice that she wasn't wearing panties. Then she re-crossed her legs, they closed once again and once again she looked right at me when she turned back to me. 

This happened again and again a few more times, each time I was able to see even longer looks at her open legs and sexy bare cunny. The last time she did it she was looking directly into my eyes and very slowly uncrossed her legs. Her movements were clearly designed to give me the best possible view up her dress and between her legs at her bare pussy. 

I stared straight up her dress and, while I was looking at her, her eyes were riveted to the rapidly growing bulge in my shorts. The look of unmistakable lust on her face made me so excited that I had to quickly shift my sitting position and cover my crotch so that she wouldn't get a view of my bare cock which was about to sneak its way out of the leg of my shorts. 

She stood up and, smiling at me in a playful way, she went outside to help Jason. Nothing more happened until many weeks later. 

Since Jason worked nights he would sometimes invite me over to stay with Lorena while he was at work so that she wouldn't get nervous about possible intruders. 

On one such night she was wearing a long loose dress and a small peasant's blouse that was so shear that, when she moved in just the right way, I could see the dark round shadows of her hard nipples. She sat at a chair just a few feet in front of me and over to the right while we watched television. 

Though I tried to watch the T.V. I couldn't take my eyes off of this incredibly sexy lady as she moved and stretched and adjusted her dress and blouse. I know that I stared at her so intensely that she had to notice and I'm sure that she enjoyed the fact that I couldn't take my eyes off of her. 

At one point she stretched her arms above her head and arched her back and gave me a terrific view as she took a long and erotic stretch, showing me the high arch of her incredibly sexy nipples. Then she pulled up her dress above her thigh to inspect her leg. I guess she was looking at a scratch or a bruise. I was simply glued to the view of her sexy legs. 

She then leaned over to pick something up off of the floor and I could very clearly see both of her breasts as her blouse fell forward and opened up for me. When she raised back up in her chair, her eyes fluttered a little as she looked over at me. She clearly noticed that, even though I had my legs crossed with my right leg placed over my left knee. My left hand wasn't totally hidden from her view as I squeezed the growing bulge in my jeans. 

I couldn't help it now. I was much too excited to use caution.While staring at this wonderfully sexy woman I slowly unzipped my jeans. 

I was encouraged to continue when I noticed her head turn ever so slightly so that she could see me better from the corner of her burning eyes. 

As I reached inside my jeans and took hold of my cock and pulled it out, she turned her head a little more toward me and looked right at my dick and then turned her head back to the television once again. She then closed her eyes and took a long deep breath ending in a very sexy deep sigh. This was such an erotic action to me that my dick grew strong and full and stone-hard to its full eight inches and I had trouble keeping it hidden in my lap. 

I then held my dick with both hands, trying to keep it covered. I gazed lustfully at Lorena as she nonchalantly reached her right hand up to her left breast and caressed it for just a second and then removed her hand. I squeezed my dick and jacked it off just a little very slowly while trying not to be too obvious. 

I caught her looking at it once again and, once again she turned her head back to the television and closed her eyes and released another sexy sigh. 

Then she turned her head toward me again very slowly and this time she was very obvious about looking right straight at my dick in my hand.

Without thinking about what I was doing I slowly uncrossed my right leg as her head turned toward me. My leg went over and down to the floor as my right hand held my dick and my body turned toward her so that she could see without any obstruction at all. The look on her face almost made me cum right there. I've never seen a woman with such a sexy look in her face as Lorena when she gracefully flowed out of the chair where she was sitting and moved closer to me and sat on the floor. 

She never took her beautiful eyes off of my hard cock as she slowly pulled the hem of her dress up her long legs and above her waist. She then sat there in the floor and put her hand inside under the dress and played with her pussy very slowly and erotically while watching me jack my dick off for her. 

I was in heaven. This was my foremost fantasy and here I was actually acting it out. Lorena sat there watching me jack off while playing with her pussy with one hand and erotically sucking a finger of the other while I told her, in a low whispering voice, how much I loved her sexy legs and breasts and nipples and everything I could think of about her that turned me on. She moaned and sucked that finger and stared at me for long minutes of luxury and then I felt myself drawn to her. 

I stood up, cock in hand, and walked over to where she was sitting. Holding my dick out before me I pointed it at her face while she raised her lips up to my cock and took in into her mouth without hesitation. I put one hand on her head and buried it in her flowing blond hair as I felt my cock sliding so wonderfully into her hot mouth between her full sucking lips. I wasn't in there more than a few seconds before I squirted my cum so strongly and lustfully that it surprised me. 

My sexy little Lorena was moaning with pleasure the whole time that I pumped my juice into her mouth. Then I took my dick out of her mouth and, since it was still hard, I used the head of it to scoop up the droplets of cum that had landed on her chin and lips. 

I stood there holding my wet dick in my hand and rubbing her sexy face with it while she moaned and kissed it and touched it with both of her hands. 

We had been there in that position for about five minutes when I noticed headlights as a car pulled up in the driveway. We quickly cleaned ourselves up in just enough time to welcome Jason as he came in the door from work.
