Revealing Train Ride
by Beth
Wed Aug 22, 2007 07:4170.105.42.83

I suppose what happened last week end is at least partly my fault but even if it was, it was the most exciting and erotic thing that's ever happened to me. I was on the train coming back home from visiting my boy friend in New York. I had spent the weekend partying with him and teasing him unmercifully so I was a little worked up myself. He had put me on the train wearing a cute little sundress that buttoned all the way down the front and under that was nothing but bare skin. I took the rear seat so that I could sleep some on the way back and while the train was about full the seats across from me were unoccupied and I hoped they stayed that way, but they didn't. A young couple soon took them.

As we got under way I noticed how she was dressed and wondered how anyone could wear a skirt that short or a blouse that sheer in public. Now don't get me wrong I'm no prude or anything just shy, I wished I had the nerve to wear something like that, you see I had often dreamed of be publicly exposed. I must have drifted off to sleep but something woke me up later I guess it was the conversation they were having. I heard her point out to him how some of the buttons on my dress had come undone and the way I was sitting the hem had risen quite a bit. He said something to the effect of that if I kept wiggling around like I was you would see my panties. She laughed and told him that if just one more button came undone you would be seeing my breast to. I know I should have sit up and fixed my clothes but I didn't, I just kept my eyes shut and tried to ignore them and the feeling's that I felt. That's when the girl made a move that shocked me. She reached over and carefully undid another button on my dress. I could tell from the gasp from him that my breast were now exposed, but still I did nothing about it or tried to stop it from going any further. Then I heard her dare him to undo one himself, at first he didn't move but then I felt his finger's slowly undoing a button at the bottom of my dress then a second one for good measure. The girl made the comment that anyone walking by to the cafe car could get a good view as long as no one woke me up. A little while later I heard her tell her male companion that with just four more buttons they could have the dress completely undone and then if they were careful they could open it and expose me completely. I about sat up right then but something inside me said no, wait see how far they will go with this, so I did. A short time later the conductor came along checking tickets and I could feel his eye's roaming over my exposed parts of my body. The girl told him not to wake me as they were enjoying the view, the conductor said yes he could see that they would but did say he would keep a check on me.

A short while later I felt her move to reach across to undo another button, then he got one more undone. I heard her tell him that the way my arm was laying was blocking one of the buttons and that I had moved enough that my dress had recovered my breast. She told him that he had to move my arm so she could get the last buttons. He waited for what seemed forever before gently moving my arm aside and opening my dress back up. While waiting for the girl to finish what she started, don't ask me how but I drifted back to sleep. 

When I woke up next they were gone and my dress had been undone completely and tucked behind me exposing me completely to any ones view. I had no idea how long I had been like that or how many saw me but I pulled my dress together and that's when I noticed the note laying in the seat beside me. She had left the note thanking me for pretending to be asleep when I wasn't and allowing her and her husband to play there game, she had seen me open my eyes once to check how exposed I was. She went on to thank me for the pictures they took to remember this ride. 





