Ok, ok, so my name is Sub Joe. Don't let that name fool you. My name ain't Joe, and I ain't a fuckin' Sub either. In fact I'm a mean motherfucker. Look at my Avatar if you don’t believe me. Charlie Manson, or what? Now, I'll be honest, that name did used to belong to me. Once I was an ordinary 'Joe', working for Starbucks coffee at their R&D division in Berkeley as a senior Javologist - That's a coffee blender to you. One day, though, that dreadful, terrible, awful, totally fucked-up day, I performed an Experiment, one which changed Joe's life forever. And from that day, Sub Joe became Mr. Hyde. But I get ahead of myself. Next time I want to get ahead I'll tell you, and you'll drop to your knees and give me it. Oh, and listen. Start fingering yourself. Yes, you read that right: Start fingering yourself now. That's right, get in the mood, 'cause from here on in Mr. Hyde is the Boss, and he likes his bitch wet.
One more thing. Save the fucking California Redwoods. Yeah, bitch, you heard me. Do you know what pollution is doing to this planet? Is it too much to ask you to use the litter bins provided? What's the matter? Just because I'm a sadistic psychopath that doesn't make me unaware of my environment, does it, BITCH! Ok, enough fucking italics, lets get going.
It was a dark and stormy night. Hey, don't tell me you've read this story before. This was a _different_ dark and stormy night to the one you’ve read.
Dr Submissious Josephus Yekkl was alone in the laboratory sucking on a glass pipette alone in the lab. His long delicate fingers clasped the long liquid- filled shaft tightly. His face and ass were pinched in concentration as he approached the climax of his massive experiment, which had taken weeks of preparation. If it worked, he would be rich beyond his wildest dreams. Well actually his wildest dreams weren't about being rich, they usually featured Endora from Bewitched, a Ch-Ch-Chia Pet and an anchovy pizza.
He was about to create a blend of coffee so amazing in its properties that with proper marketing, it could turn Starbucks from an obscure little global conglomerate into a household name overnight.
He was interrupted by his young assistant Janice, who poked her head round the door. "Dr Yekkl, I'm leaving for the night. See you in the morning?" Her thick glasses couldn't hide her admiration in her sparkling eyes, so she used an ointment.
"Ok, Janice. I'll be fine locking up, my dear." Oh, could he but speak his mind, he'd tell her a thing or three. But she was so young. Almost exactly eighteen. Which is lucky, really.
Finally the preparation was ready. At the bottom of a little beaker was a small residue of oily, grayish, incredibly foul-smelling liquid. That's right, he'd made himself a single shot skinny espresso macchiato. But this was different. For one thing, there was no blueberry muffin to take the taste away. And also, he'd added a certain special, secret ingredient. An ingredient which can be found in any kitchen, usually somewhere between the ground cumin and the vanilla essence. It starts with L. Oh fuck it, I don't know either, can we just suspend disbelief, and assume that he'd invented some shit that would change him into Mr. Hyde, ok?
He put the beaker to his lips, and…
Time out! 500 words: We're due for first sex interlude. I've calculated that with attention spans what they are today, I've lost about 75% of you already, but that also includes people who started reading this story thinking that it was part of the Microsoft Office technical support pages.
 _She had never realized that any man could give her so much pleasure. "Oh thank you, Rod, up till now I've always thought I was a lesbian, but now I know that I'm a slave to your cock for ever. I haven't been ass-fucked like that since I was a stable-hand."_
Rod rolled her onto her back, kneeled over her face and pushed his smooth shining cock inside her mouth, all 18 inches of it.
"Lick my pre-cum, whatever that means", he grunted. "I want you to taste every salty drop of my cum until I cum in your cum-drenched mouth, while you cum all over the ceiling from you cum-flavored pussy. Cum. What do you say to that, you little whore?"
"Mmf-mmf."
Right. On we go, at a brisk trot, pony-girl.
So he drank the potion… and suddenly with a sickening, gurgling, gagging cry, he grabbed at his neck in horror and pain. Too much fucking Sweet and Low!! He sank slowly beneath the lab bench.
After a commercial break he got up again, his head gradually emerging from behind the lab bench. His face was hideously contorted in an evil twisted grimace. Long black hair grew out from his ears and nostrils. To make it worse the hair had no life or body and badly needed a really good conditioner to give it some bounce.
In short, he was one fucking ugly dude. And I've just described him _before_ he turned into Mr. Hyde. After drinking the stuff there was no obvious change in appearance, unless you count suddenly smelling like yams a change in appearance. But something inside him had changed. He was no more the sweet, lovable, absent-minded professor type like Eddie Murphy played in the remake of Nutty professor. Also he wasn't black. I have absolutely nothing against African Americans. No, I'm not a fucking Klansman. I just mentioned it. Jeez. No, the change was inside him, in his mind. In his unconscious. Instantly he had become a murderous, dangerous, psychotic type with no sense of humor.
He lurched out of the building and into the rain-drenched lamplit street, snarling and cursing at the stray dogs and hoboes. They snarled and cursed back. As the dialog wasn’t subtitled, I can’t tell you what exactly they were saying.
He rang the bell to Janice’s apartment, and right on time too, the odometer says I’ve just written another five hundred words.
Janice opened the door, but it was still chained. She recognized him.
“Why, Dr Yekkl, you’re all wet, it must be raining!” It was insights like these that had drawn the attention of the senior researchers at Starbucks and caused the meteoric rise in her career at the lab from assistant bottle-washer to deputy bottle-washer in just twelve years. Her large surprised-looking blue eyes , pendulous lips and flaxen hair made her look like a troll. She was in fact half-troll on her mother’s side. Her father had been a great beauty in his youth, but that story is strictly allextreme.com.
“Yes-s-s, he hissed strangely. It’s me, my dear. Won’t you let me in, I promise not to gag you and then rape you.”
Like a fool, she unchained the door and let him in. Like a fool, he wiped his feet on the doormat. He stared at her hungrily.
“Would you like something to eat, Doctor? Perhaps some Saltesnören? Or some lard?”
“Lard would be – good.” He stared at her. She looked up at his cruel face, and felt her pussy expand to twice its normal size with a mixture of fear and anticipation of some ill-defined threat, probably a good poking.
Still staring, he picked up her hand, held it and looked at it. She offered no resistance. He said in a deep, commanding voice, “Don’t struggle. Such a little hand. Such a white hand. So smooth and soft. He licked her palm all over. He curled her fingers into a fist, leaving the index finger. He drew it into his mouth and sucked. His tongue rasped against it. Startled, she tried to pull it away, but his grip tightened.
“No… no please, Doctor, let me go. _Please_ , Doctor… please let me get you some Saltesnören. It’s just over there, in the candy jar.”
He removed her finger from his mouth, but the grip on her hand remained tight as ever. “But my dear, you have a ‘candy jar’ for me right here.”
“No I don’t – hey wait a minute, you mean my _pussy_ , don’t you Doctor!”
“My dear, please don’t spoil my metaphors by making them explicit. You might find that it makes me angry. Angry as a paving slab.” He chuckled to himself. See if she could get out of that one.
“Now, Janice, if you comply with my wishes, you will come to no harm. You have my word on that.” He reached down grabbed the hem of her sweater. He hoisted it up, past her her pretty breasts which nicely filled her baby-pink lace brassiere. Her arms were forced upwards. When the sweater was inside-out over her head he gathered it up and tied it so that her arms were trapped and her head covered. Her white-skinned torso was completely exposed to his eyes. I tell you, it’s making me hard just writing this, and I’m gay, for Christ’s sake.
She stood, almost losing her balance, as he undid the clasp at the front of her bra. Luckily he had done this bit before, otherwise she might have started giggling.
He pulled her gently towards him and licked her nipple. Which one, you want to know? I dunno, take your pick. The left one. He played with it with his tongue till it was hard (the nipple), then bit. Not with the full strength of his bite, otherwise he’d have ended up with a mouthful of nipple. No, not that hard, but hard enough to give her both a sudden shock of pain, as well as a really fat and wet pair of labia.
He unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the ground silently. Well actually with a little ‘thith’ kind of noise as it slid over her black tights. He knelt and pushed his face into her groin. She felt his hot breath on her pussy. Boy, was she glad her period finished a couple of days ago. She moaned, and her lips parted, mainly because that’s what you’re supposed to do at this point.
Suddenly, with almost inhuman strength, he cupped her ass in his hands, pushed his face hard onto her moist pussy, and stood up, lifting her high into the air. She was utterly in his power. Her back arched backwards so that her hands almost reached the floor. He licked and chewed wildly at her cunt, like a starved dog at a bowl of dog food. He tore a hole in her tights with his teeth and pushed his tongue inside her. He nibbled at her clitoris and squeezed her hard against him.
Eventually he threw her onto the sofa, and turned her roughly onto her front. He pulled her tights down so that her ass was uncovered. Breathing heavily, he spoke.
“Janice, I am your master. My name is Mr. Dominus Hyde.”
“B-but, Dr Yekkl, I don’t understand…” said Janice in a muffled voice.
“Let’s just say your gentle friend Dr Yekkl is no longer with us.”
“Ok, ‘your gentle friend Dr Yekkl is no longer with us’.”
“Quiet, _slave!_ Do you think this is a Zucker Brothers movie? Do you think I jest?”
He smacked her hard on her bottom with his hand.
She sobbed uncontrollably, realizing that the Dr she loved was no more, and that she would forever be the slave to this sneering, cruel, evil (but fun- loving) Master.
Are you liking this, bitch, would you like to be next?
Well you can be. You see Janice is still my slave, but I will soon tire of her. She will need a little company. In fact I’m thinking of starting a collection. Would you like to be part of my collection? I’ll keep you in chained to the wall in my apartment, where you will serve me when it pleases me. And sometimes it pleases me three times in one night.
And if you displease me, I’ll force a decaff frappucchino down your gullet, bend you over my knee, and give you a firm slapping with the palm of my hand.
See, I’m a softy really. Once a sub, always a sub, I guess. I mean I don’t even use a riding crop, nipple clamps, any of that stuff, even though my accountant advises me they’d actually be an advantage from a tax point of view.
 _Now listen bitch. I don’t really care if you like me, or my story or not. Let me just tell you this: Just send me some feedback, and I’ll track you down. Oh yes, I’ll track you down and find you. And when I do, you won’t forget Mr. Hyde in a hurry. In fact I already have your IP Address logged. It’s too late. You are already mine._
Ok stop fingering, that’s all you get (unless you beg for it).