Ripped Panties
by Purplegravy

A unfortunate occurrence leads to ripped panties.

The sound of an alarm buzzed around Carrie's bedroom, she still lay in her bed asleep longer than she should, and she had another date planned. They met up about a week ago and had an interesting time since it ended in Carrie gifting the date her panties she was wearing on her hair.

Eventually Carrie's sleeping body caught on that her alarm was going off and she should wake up. She read the time on her phone and realised it was around 45 minutes after the time she intended to wake up. She only had 30 minutes to meet up with her date.

"Shit!" she said out loud.

She got out of bed, Carrie slept topless in her panties; the ones she was wearing were a hot pink cotton bikini briefs with black lace. She hurried to get dressed putting on a pair of tight blue jeans, a plain black bra and a similar coloured tank top alongside plain white socks and some trainers. It wasn't as flashy or attractive as what she was wearing but she didn't have the time for that.

She washed herself up and grabbed whatever breakfast she could eat while running and got out the door with fifteen minutes to spare.

She realized that there was no way she would make it in time with her usual route, she needed a shortcut. She looked around for one and saw an alleyway with a chain link fence. If Carrie climbed over it, she would easily make it with minuets to spare.

Carrie climbed over the chain wire fence, she didn't realise that climbing the fence pulled her jeans down ever so slightly to expose the top of her panties. As she climbed over the top, a sharp piece of the top of the wire fence snagged onto her panties. As Carrie proceeded to jump off the fence, she felt a sharp pain in her ass and she stopped in midair as she tried to climb down.

Carrie then noticed that her panties got caught on the chain fence; they now had a hole torn through it by the fence. Carrie was stuck in a hanging wedgie. She tried to climb back up the fence but she slipped and fell halfway through the fence digging her underwear further up her behind, she yelped in pain.

Carrie had to find a way to get out; her panties were stretching up into her ass and pussy. She started to struggle and kept doing it until she felt a loud ripping sound; her struggling was starting to tear her panties. Carrie gulped; she needed to figure out how to get out quickly, her date was waiting for her.

Carrie realised that the only way to escape is to cut her losses and rip her underwear off completely so she grabbed one of the sides of her panties and pulled hard on it. The lace and cotton was staring to give away and eventually a loud rip was heard and Carrie fell further till her toes were barely touching the floor. The panties now could no longer handle her weight and the other side snapped off and Carrie fell to the floor on her hands and knees.

She opened the fly of her jeans to see a sore red vagina and no panties. She stood up and saw what was left of her ripped panties dangling on the top of the chain fence. She climbed back up to grab them, they were completely ruined and Carrie just stuffed them in her jean back pocket and rushed towards her date.

She figured that it was just an unfortunate situation but since she was wearing jeans there was very little risk of people finding out that she had her panties ripped off and now wasn't wearing any. She checked her crotch to make sure there wasn't an obvious cameltoe sticking out.

She met up with her date eventually, he asked where was she since she didn't realise that she was five minutes late. Carrie apologised and explained that her alarm didn't go off and she had an "accident" before she got here. She obviously didn't explain what the "accident" was but knowing her, he'll probably find out anyways.

So they had their date, went by fairly normally. Nothing overall exciting happened; Carrie was relieved that nothing embarrassing happened to her unlike earlier.

Later on they were walking together taking about future plans then Carrie met again that chain link fence, the same one that took away her underwear.

"It's getting late, lets climb over the fence to get home quicker." The date said. Carrie wanted to disagree but she didn't want to explain the reason so she went with him anyways.

Her date managed to fully climb over it without any issue; he stood opposite Carrie waiting for her.

Carrie climbed again over the fence but this time she did it as slowly and as carefully as possible. She made sure to climb down facing towards the fence so the sharp piece didn't snag the back of her jeans. However, Carrie failed to realise that the fence caught the front of her jeans, causing the button to go undone and causing the zipper of the tight jeans to fall down.

So when Carrie jumped off the fence onto the floor she was in for a nasty surprise when the force of her landing causes her unfastened trousers to fall down.

Carrie's jeans fell all the way down to her shins, her shaved womanhood, now staring directly at her date's face. His eyes widened at the sight of it, Carrie's exposed vagina. Carrie panicked, her face went bright red and almost screamed but she restrained herself knowing that would just attract more people. In a flash she pulled her jeans right back up.

"Your...not wearing any panties again?" Her date said while Carrie now had her back to him zipping up her jeans. He then noticed a pink piece of cloth sticking out of her back pocket.

He pulled it out and it was a pair of pink and black panties, but they were completely ripped and unwearable.

Carrie looked at him with a flustered expression on her face. "Well I uhhh... tried to climb the fence earlier because I overslept and uhhh... that happened" Carrie said looking at the torn up underwear.

"Oh Carrie!" her date chuckled. "How do you have such ridiculous stories about losing your panties?"

"I don't know" Carrie chuckled back. "Guess the world doesn't want me wearing them ha-ha."

They both stood awkwardly as her date still had Carrie's destroyed panties in his hand.

"Do you want these back?" he said.

"Honestly at this point you'll get more use out of them than I would." Carrie responded.

So he tucked them into his pockets and both split off back to their homes.

When Carrie returned to her flat she went to her bedroom and stripped down to just her jeans. She lay on her bed, hand down her jeans and started to play with herself. Her vagina was rubbing against the denim of her jeans all day and she had to put up a facade that she didn't love it. She had an eventful day, time to end doing something she enjoyed.

Meanwhile her date was alone in his bedroom with his growing collection of Carrie's panties admiring them despite the fact that they haven't took part in any real sexual activities. He wrapped the torn pink panties around his cock and jerked off in them while holding the white panties to his face. Either way, both were happy about their day.
