Attention Whore Nyla Gets in Shape
byDeborahDelRey©

Nyla had just graduated from university. As she approached the crossroads of her life between school and job searching, she decided to take a vacation with her best friend, Penelope, to the Maldives before embarking of the journey of a fully-fledged adult. Months before the trip, she started going to the gym and eating a healthy balanced diet.

Each visit to the gym made Nyla increasingly more aware of the attention she drew from other men and women. She had beautiful bronze skin that looked tan and glowing from the inside out. Her smile was radiant as her greeted her fellow gym goes. As she caught the gaze of several people checking her out she grew to love the attention she received. She went from wearing loose t-shirts and baggy shorts to the gym to donning her most flattering sports bras and tights. Her sports bras flaunted her skin and grew attention to her stunning abundance of cleavage which looked like the bottom of two magnificent valleys. Round and perky, they stood and jiggled perfectly as she completed her workouts. Her skin-tight tights hugged her curves and highlighted her apple shaped ass.

Nyla felt better about herself than she had ever felt before. She felt strong and confident- making easy conversation with perfect strangers.

On a Thursday during one of Nyla's workout session, Nyla noticed someone stalking her. She was used to people catching glimpses of her while she exercised. But this man followed her around the gym watching her keenly as she worked out. It flattered her as much as it scared her. After debating with herself on the right course of action she settled on simply striking up a conversation with him. She introduced herself saying, "Hey there! Nyla here, how are you doing?"

The man, replied with a grin saying "Hi, sorry I've been staring. I'm mike and I wanted to know if you'd like to have coffee with me after." Nyla was flattered. She agreed to coffee immediately. After a quick shower and changing into a sexy little black dress, she met Mike out front of the gym. The plan for coffee morphed into dinner with Nyla being drawn in by this charming, mysterious man who seemed like he couldn't get enough of her. He took her hand and led her to his favourite restaurant.

Nyla found herself sitting in a booth at a candle lit restaurant with Mike. They talked a long while about his job as a computer specialist and her career prospects. As they waited for dessert, Mike slipped his hand around Nyla's waist and she nuzzled close to him, feeling comfortable in his embrace. His hand inched its way down to the bottom of Nyla's skirt, slowly creeping up underneath. Nyla was suddenly filled with anticipation and lust, enjoying his forwardness immensely. She parted her legs to give him access to the apex of her thighs. His hand brushed her centre he felt no barrier as she chose to go without her lacy panties, he dipped one finger inside of her, slowly pumping in and out. She gasped as erotic thoughts clouded her mind and her body rocked with pleasure. She opened her eyes and saw other guests taking notice of her ecstatic pleasure and it increased her horniness tenfold. She kissed Mike long and hard, all the while making eye contact with the other people in the restaurant. Smiles emerged from strangers faces and it was evident that they were enjoying the show. She spread her legs further to give them a good view of what was happening in the booth.

"May I?" Mike asked, gesturing to her dress. Nyla nodded, smiling slyly, as Mike slipped the straps of her dress off her shoulders exposing her beautiful breasts for all to see. He began touching her breasts and teasing her nipples into stiff peaks. Looking more carefully around Nyla saw that there were Just 5 more people in the restaurant with the staff nowhere to be seen, a group of 3 men and a couple, all of whom, was watching her with pure interest and curiosity. She somehow ended up on the table with Mike continuing his assault on her tits and pussy. She was on fire. She pulled Mike's dick out from his pants and promptly began jerking him off.

"Why don't you join us?" She asked boldly to the crowd of 5. The couple were already getting freaky with one another, the sexual tension in the room at an all-time high. The 3 men came over to Nyla's table one groped her tits roughly while another pushed her down to lie on the table. Mike began to suck on her gorgeous nipples while the 3 guys touched her everywhere, her breasts, her ass and her pussy. They slapped her around like a piece of meat and she enjoyed every second of it. She was ready to be fucked. She pulled mike on top of her. As he inserted his dick into her, she groaned in pleasure. Taking one of the other men's dick in her mouth, she sucked him off passionately while being rammed hard with Mike's 7-inch dick. It was her wildest dream come true. The other two men touched themselves as they watched and played with her breasts. Nyla screamed as she came the same time that Mike came, depositing his hot sperm inside her. Another guy stepped in to take Mike's place. He roughly turned her over to fuck her doggy style, slapping her ass hard as he pumped into her like a jackhammer, telling her how slutty and hot she is. She laughed in ecstasy as she took Mike's dick in her mouth as she was getting fucked from behind, sucking the remaining cum from Mike's dick. She fucked the 3rd guy then the 4th guy all while being told how hot she was and being spanked and having her tits slapped. She was so turned on she thought she was going to explode. The last man she fucked spewed his jizz all over her face.

"Good little slut aren't you darling?" he said as she licked the cum as it rolled down her face. "Same time tomorrow?" She asked as they left.
