Revenge is a Dish Best Served ……… Using her Developing Body.
by Vanessa Evans

Part 06

Ice creams in their hands and mouths, the trio headed back to the dunes. By the time they’d finished their ice creams Tommy had told Mike what they were going to do and Amber could see the bulge in his shorts. 

After about five minutes of searching they couldn’t find more that a few tufts of coarse grass that Amber would not like to lay on. All 3 of them were getting frustrated and it was Amber who came up with at solution that would work,

“You could lay on your back on the sand and I could kneel either side of your head and lower my pussy onto your face.”

Both boys tried to imaging what Amber had said then after a few seconds Tommy said,

“You mean you could sit on our faces.”

“I suppose that you could describe it like that.” Amber replied. “Shall we try that?”

Neither boy answered but Tommy got down and onto his back, Amber got on her knees behind his head and slowly moved forwards, spreading her knees outside his shoulders while he said,

“You watch Mike so that you learn what to, oooooooh.”

Amber had lowered her pussy onto Tommy’s face and he reacted instinctively by opening his mouth then his tongue got to work.

It wasn’t long before Amber was screaming her head off with pleasure as multiple orgasms hit her. Without realising it, Amber had lowered the top half of her body and it was resting along Tommy’s body, her face on the front of his shorts and her face feeling the length of his hard cock pressing on her face.

Amber opened her eyes then sat upright and saw that they had a little audience, 2 naked, middle-aged men. Amber smiled and said, 

“Your turn Mike, do you need Tommy to coach you?”

“I think that I can managed thank you.”

And he did, the only real difference being that when she lowered her body Amber was actually licking the bulge that Mike’s cock was making in his short.


The second, long orgasm over, Amber got to her feet and again looked around. The audience had grown, the was now 2 more naked men and a clothed young couple watching them. Amber ignored them and said to her brothers, 

“Can I see your cocks please?”

Well after their recent excitement they weren’t really able to, or even wanted to say no. Both brothers stood in front of Amber and dropped their shorts. Amber dropped to her knees and stared at the 2 erect cocks for a few seconds then she too couldn’t help herself as both her hands reached forward and each hand wrapped around a cock causing both owners to groan.

“Like that do you?” Amber asked.

Without waiting for an answer both her hands started wanking the 2 cocks. Then she did something that she’d sworn she would never do, she leant forward and kissed the ends of both cocks. Two things happened in quick order, Firstly, Amber called the girls at school liars, the taste of the precum wasn’t horrible, Amber had actually liked it. Secondly, the few wanks that Amber had given the cocks was enough for them both to shoot their loads all over Amber, quite a bit landing on her face, and some in her open mouth.

Then Amber called the girls at school liars again as the taste of the white stuff was okay as well. Not as good as a strawberry milkshake, but a long way from being as bad as a butterscotch milkshake,

Amber held on to the cocks until the squirting had stopped and they started to soften, then she stood up, and at the same time both boys got a bit self conscious and pulled their shorts up.

Amber looked around and saw that 2 of the men and the couple had gone but the 2 remaining men were still watching and still wanking.

Amber smiled and said to her brothers,

“That was fun, when can we do it again.”

Tommy smiled then replied,

“We’ll come and see you tonight.”


With 2 lots of male cum still running down her body the 3 of them headed back to where their parents were but Amber chickened out of her first thought of showing her parents what was creeping down her body, and when she got close to them she ran into the sea.

When Amber had cleaned herself she went back to her parents and brothers, Amber’s mother was still naked but laying on her stomach and up on her elbows talking to her brothers. Amber noticed that her mothers legs were open enough for her to see all of her pussy.

“Princess,” her father said, “we’re going to get something to eat then go back to the villa, too much sun on our first full day can be bad for us.”
  
“Okay daddy.” Amber replied.

Amber’s mother and father got to their feet and whilst her father putting things in bags her mother was putting the mesh bra and half sarong on.

They walked off the beach and to where most of the cafes were, Amber again forgetting that she was naked and that it might be a problem in a cafe. 

As it turned out it wasn’t. Whether or not it was because when Amber is naked she looks about half her age, and kids don’t count, or that the cafe would serve any naked person. Anyway, the family ordered their snacks and drinks and were waiting for them to arrive.


They had finished eating and drinking, paid, and were leaving when they bumped into their neighbours who had just left a cafe down the road. The adults got talking and the kids grouped together as they walked back to the villa.

Soon, everyone was in the pool, Amber’s mother having stripped naked before jumping in. There was a lot of horseplay and games before the adults got out and went and sat at a table and out came the beers. Amber’s mum not bothered that she was naked with 3 clothes others.

The 4 kids carried on playing in the pool and it soon became a game of which of the boys could grab Amber’s little tits or her pussy for the longest.

After a while Amber had had enough of rough hands fingering her so she got out of the pool and went and lay on one of the loungers. As usual Amber lay with her feet on the ground on either side of the lounger. After a while her mother came to check on her.

“Are you okay honey?”

“Yes thanks, just a little tired.”

“Why don’t you go for a little nap?”

“Maybe. Mum, you’re naked with dad and 2 strangers, doesn’t that bother you?

“Does it bother you that a couple of hundred people must have seen you naked so far today Amber?” 
 
“No.”

“You don’t have the monopoly on being naked in public honey, some of us older girls have gone without clothes for some time as well in our past.”

“So you used to wander around without clothes on?”

“Yes honey that’s how I met your father, at a nudist camp.”

“Wow mum, that explains a few things.”

“Okay, tonight our family is going out for a meal with our neighbours family, will you be able to get along with Noah and Lucas for the evening?”

“Yes mum, they’re not bad boys, just a bit handsy.”

“What boys aren’t? Do you want me to have a word with them?”

“No mum, I’ll be okay, I can handle them.”

“I thought that you’d say that. I’m off back to the other adults, It might be a happy set of parents that go out tonight.”

“I’ll look after you mum.”

“Thank you sweetheart, you go and have a nap now.”  

“Yes mum.”


Amber did go inside and did fall asleep on her bed, As she lay there, legs wide apart and her fingers toying with her clit she remembered that she’d been up half the night.


Amber woke to the sounds of the 4 boys talking, They’d come into her room and were stood at the bottom of the bed looking down at her. None of them realised that Amber had woken up so she kept her eyes shut and listened.

“She lets you rub her clit and finger fuck her?” Lucas asked.

“Yes,” Mike replied.

“And she’s being doing it for weeks?” Noah asked.

“Yes,” Tommy replied, “and today on the beach she let us lick her pussy then put our cocks in her mouth.”

“You lucky bastards, do you think that she’ll do that to us?”

“Don’t know, you’ll have to ask her.”


Amber thought about that and then realised that the fingers on her right hand had become active.

“Jeez,” Amber thought realising what her fingers were doing. “my pussy must like that idea.” 

Her fingers kept working and soon she was cumming.

“She cums in her sleep as well?” Lucas asked.

“Yes, I’ve watched her a few times and she never wakes up.” Tommy replied.

“Have you tried fucking her in her sleep, I mean proper fucking?” Lucas asked.

“No and you aren’t going to either, she’s our sister and she says that she doesn’t want to be fucked so it’s not going to happen, besides it’s illegal.” 

“Okay, neither Noah or I will fuck her, but we can still play with her right?”

“Sure, she likes that.”

“Have you tried playing with her pussy while she’s asleep, make her cum.” Noah asked.

“No, but you’ve just seen that she can make herself cum while she’s asleep so what’s the point, let her do the work.” 

“Good point, let’s leave her to it, she obviously needs the sleep.”


Amber heard the noisy boys leave and she opened her eyes and thought about 4 different boys licking her pussy on the same day. She realised that her pussy was suddenly quite wetter than it was a few seconds before.

Deciding to go and see her mother and father, Amber got up and slowly walked to the adults. Her father saw her coming and called her over. She sat on his lap and rested her head on his shoulder, her father’s arm going round her waist to stop her falling off.

“What’s up princess?”

“I’m tired.” 

“Has it all been a bit hectic for you Amber?” Jen asked.

Amber nodded her head.

“Your parents tell me that you have gone off the idea of wearing clothes.” Jen asked.

Amber nodded her head again.

“Well you’ve come to a good place to be without, I’ve seen another couple of young girls walking about without any clothes on.” Jen added.

“Really,” Amber replied suddenly perking up a bit.

“So don’t you go worrying about it Amber, if you want to stay naked then you stay naked, well until you go back to England.”

“So you won’t mind if I don’t put any clothes on to go out tonight?”

“Not at all, and if those boys of mine give you any trouble just tell me and their father will give them a good spanking won’t you Tony?”

Before Tony could answer Amber said,

“I got spanked the other day because I’d been naughty, I think that my butt is still a bit red.”

With that Amber got to her feet, turned away from the group, spread her feet a bit and bent over.

“So I see.” Tony said.

“And I see that you are suffering from being aroused a lot of the time,” Jen said, obviously having noticed Amber’s wet pussy, “don’t you worry about it, it’s just a phase that you’re going through, you’ll grow out of it.”

“That’s what we told her.” Amber’s mother added.

Amber really wanted to say tat she didn’t want to grow out of it but she managed to keep her mouth shut as she sat back down on her father’s lap, but this time it wasn’t his lap. He father was wearing shorts and his knees were well apart like men do, and Amber straddled one of his legs with her feet either side of that leg. Her bare pussy was on his bare leg.

“We went to the beach today, where did you go?” Amber asked as she pressed her pussy onto her father’s leg.

“Oh we didn’t go far, just a wander around to get to know the place.” Tony said.

It sounded like Tony was going to say something else but her father butted in and said,

“Amber princess, your mother and I have been talking with Tony and Jen and we’ve found out that there are quite a few places that we’d all like to visit so now is as good a time to tell you.”

“Tell me what?”

“Well you know that you and your brothers didn’t particularly want to go to some of the places that we talked about yesterday and that all 3 of you said that you’d rather hang around here or on the beach.”

“Yeeeesss.”

“Well Lucas and Noah feel the same so we wondered what you thought about Tony, Jen, your mother and I going to these places on our own and you 5 staying here. We all think that the 5 of you are capable of being good on your own.”

“And you’ll spank me again if I’m not.”

“Well that would depend on how naughty you were but I can’t see it coming to that.“

“So what do you think Amber?”

“Okay.”

Was what Amber said, but she was actually thinking was,

“All the time that the boys can spend making me cum, how hard their cocks would be. Oh wait, I’ve started wanking them, they’ll want me to do that again. Oh well, it is nice, not as nice as them licking me; now that IS nice.”

As she was thinking that she was sliding her pussy back and forth on her father’s leg. Not a lot, but enough for her clit to feel the movement, and it was liking it. Amber saw that her mother and Tony had seen what she was doing and as none of them had said anything she continued. 

A couple of minutes later Amber lay back and turned her head so that her face was into her father’s neck. He would have felt her cumming and she wondered if anyone else had realised. She was trying to hide it but if they had realised and said anything she would have just shrugged it off, not denying it and not admitting it.

Amber’s father put his arm round her, his hand resting on her stomach. That made Amber think about how she was sat. With her leaning back most of her pussy would be visible to the other 3 adults. Amber smiled.

“So,” her father finally continued, “we thought that us adults would go off on our own every other day if that’s okay with you?”

“Sure, I hope that you enjoy yourselves.”

“So sweet,” Jen said, “a child your age thinking about her parents enjoying themselves.”

“Just how old does this woman think I am.” Amber thought then decided to say nothing.

“Right,” Amber’s mother said, “time we started getting ready before we’ve had too much to drink to even think about going out. Come on Amber, let your father get up.”

Amber did then turned to look at her father’s leg. It was as wet as she’s expected.
  
“LUCAS, NOAH,” Tony shouted, “TIME TO GET OUT OF THE POOL.”

Tommy and Mike got the message and they too got out of the pool. 

“I’ll tell them about you oldies going out on your own every other day if you like dad.”

“Okay, but tell them to keep the noise of their jubilation down when you tell them?”

“Will do.”

“Tommy, Mike,” Amber’s mother said, go and get showered, we’re going out for an early meal.”


Amber and Tommy got to the bathroom at the same time and Tommy said that Amber could go first.

“I won’t take long Tommy, I don’t have to shave I did that this morning, Hey, do you want to shave me tomorrow?”

“Me, shave you pits and your legs, no thanks.”

“You could just shave my pussy, I do that every day as well.”

“Okay, I’ll do your pussy but I’m not doing the rest.”

“It will be good practice got when you get a girlfriend.”

By that time Amber was sat on the toilet and about to pee.

“Do you want to watch me pee Tommy. I’ll stand and do it to let you have a better look.”

“Okay.”

Amber stood up and shuffled her feet to either side of the bowl and let rip. As she did so she said, 

“Did you know that Spanish and French toilets used to be just a hole in the floor? I don’t know which other countries were like that.”  

Tommy wasn’t listening, he was too busy watching the stream of urine blasting down into the bowl. Amber thought about her pussy lips and was glad that they were too small to affect the direction of her pee, unlike the complaints that she’d heard from some of the girls at school.

When the flow stopped Amber tore off a piece of toilet paper and wiped her pussy.

“Why did you do that, you’re about to get in the shower aren’t you?”

“Good point, I guess that it was a bit stupid. Habit I guess. Are you going to scrub my back for me?”

“Okay, get those shorts off Tommy, it isn’t like I haven’t seen your cock before.”

Tommy stepped into the shower and they soaped each other all over. Tommy used way too much soap on Amber’s pussy but he did bring her off, and Amber used way too much soap on Tommy’s cock and he too climaxed squirting his cum all over Amber’s stomach.

As Amber was getting out of the shower she saw Mike in the door way.

“Don’t worry, It’s your turn in the morning.” 

Mike smiled as he Watched Amber dry herself.


Unsurprisingly, Amber was ready to leave long before the other but Amber was pleased to see her mother appear wearing a top and a skirt that were both see-through, Amber having seen her wear them before albeit, unlike this time, with something underneath both of them.

“You look good mum.” Amber said. 

“Yes she does doesn’t she.” Her father added.

“Mike, Tommy, you’ll need your earplugs when we get back.” Amber said.

“Careful you.” Amber’s father said as he took his naked daughters hand and led her to the front door of the villa.

“Are you going to spank me daddy?”

“I’m beginning to think that you want me to Amber.”

“Maybe.”

“Amber, I know what a girl’s ‘maybe’ means.”

Amber giggled.


They didn’t have to wait long for their neighbours then they all walked down to the village, the adults leading with the kids pulling up the rear, 5 older teenage boys in shorts and T shirts and 1 younger teenage girl wearing just sandals.

There was a slight problem when they entered the cafe that the adults had chosen, when they went in they were met by an older woman who asked how many there were in the party. She proved that she could count then asked the adults to wait for a moment. She then went and spoke to a man in the back then came back and led the groups to a table, well 2 tables next to each other, the oldies sitting at one and the kids at the other.

When Amber knew which table she was sat at she made a bee-line for a seat where she could look out to the street because she was expecting the boys to talk about boys things. She was right but she hadn’t realised that by getting a chair where she could see out the people outside could see in, and her. She soon discovered that opening and closing her knees when someone was looking in an at her could get a variety of reactions from people, some of which amused her.

When the food was over the oldies ordered more drinks, then more. The kids got bored and Lucas asked Tony and Jen if the kids could head back. Soon the 5 kids were leaving.

Instead of going straight back they wandered around on their own, Amber getting a few comments from younger tourist, all of which Amber ignored and some of which amused the boys, them laughing along with Amber’s tormentors but Amber was used to that.


Soon they were back at the villa, Lucas and Noah going to their own villa. Amber was still tired from her previous late night so after a bathroom visit and having to tell Mike that she wasn’t going to have a shower but letting him watch her have a pee, Amber went to bed.
 

It seemed line no time before Amber woke up, it was still dark so it wasn’t morning yet she felt refreshed. Amber reached for her phone and was very surprised to find that she’d only been asleep for less than an hour, Amber got up and walked through to her brother’s room and saw that they were both on their beds, naked and playing games on their phones.

“Anyone in here fancy licking my pussy?”

“Amber,” Tommy said, “we thought that you were asleep.” 

“I was but I feel great now and I’m ready for some action, I seem to remember that you guys wanted to lick my pussy.”

Amber didn’t get an answer, both brothers got off their beds and walked towards Amber, their flaccid cocks starting to rise. Amber saw them and smiled.

“Glad to see you’ve brought your phones, I’m sure that you can get some great photos, and can you take some with my phone as well please?”

Both brothers agreed then Tommy said,

“How are we going to do this? Like last night or like in the dunes?”

“I rather like the way you did it in the dunes.” Amber replied.

Tommy jumped on Amber’s bed and rolled onto his back, his hard cock sticking up. 

“Use my phone please Mike.” Tommy said.

“Mine too.” Amber added.

“I was planning to Tommy, I don’t want your cock on my phone,”

Amber smiled and thought,

“Shy boys.” 

Amber climbed on top of Tommy, but in a slightly different way to when they were in the dunes. Her lower legs were pinning Tommy’s arms to his sides, not that he was complaining.

As Amber lowered her pussy to Tommy’s mouth she leaned forward and looked down at the cock that was just below her head. As Tommy’s tongue did its first lick along Amber slit she shuddered then lowered her head until the end of Tommy’s cock was just touching her mouth. She could feel his precum wetting her mouth lips, she opened her mouth and licked the end of Tommy’s cock.

Tommy’s licking turned into licking and sucking her clit and pushing his tongue into her vagina.

Amber had lost control of her brain and her pussy was controlling her body, Her mouth opened wider and engulfed the end of Tommy’s cock. Tommy responded by sucking her clit harder and pushing his hips up, his cock hitting the back of Amber’s mouth.
  
As Tommy’s licking, sucking and tongue fucking progressed, Amber got more and more aroused and her head went down further and further to meet Tommy’s cock that seemed be coming higher with each thrust.

Amber soon realised that Tommy’s cock was actually going into her throat. She’d heard stories at school about girls gagging when they did this but Amber wasn’t having that problem. Her mouth and throat were taking all of Tommy’s cock and her nose and even her eyes were hitting Tommy’s balls.

Both being inexperienced at what they were doing resulted in neither of them lasting long although it was Tommy who came first and Amber didn’t even taste his cum, it went straight down her throat.

Shortly after that Amber’s orgasm arrived and Tommy nearly suffocated as Amber ground her pussy down onto Tommy’s face. He had to lift her up to be able to breath. 

Exhausted, Amber rolled off Tommy and she heard Mike ask what happened to Tommy’s cum, him saying that he was hoping to photograph it all over Tommy’s stomach or Amber’s face.

“She swallowed it all.” Tommy replied.

“Cool.” Mike said, “Are you ready for my turn Amber.”

Amber laughed and told Mike to give her a couple of minutes.

Mike lay on the bed, cock sticking up, and waited for Amber to 69 him.

When Amber had got her breath back she rolled over and mounted Mike. Looking down at his cock she thought,

“I’m getting to cum twice whilst they only get to cum once. That’s something else that I’m winning on.”

Amber lowered her pussy onto Mike’s mouth and her open mouth onto his cock.

Amber was still quite aroused and Mike was also new to blowjobs so both of them came quite quickly, Amber again keeping Mike’s cock in her throat taking his load straight down.

Amber rolled off Mike and lay spread eagle on her bed, she was still horny but both Tommy and Mike had gone soft and were no longer really interested in more.

“What’s wrong with boys?” Amber thought. “No staying power.”

Then she said,

“I hope that you got lots of photographs guys, I want to see them tomorrow. And charge your phones you’ll be taking a lot more photos.”

Both brothers went back to their room leaving Amber still spread out and wanting more. Her right hand moved to her pussy and got busy.

As she slowly masturbated, Amber thought about the stories that the girls as school had told. Although she hadn’t been properly fucked yet, and had no intention of that happening, the stories so far were a load of rubbish and she thought that there must be something wrong with those girls 

Just as Amber was getting close she heard a lot of noise out in the living area of the villa. She heard her mother say,

“Wait until we get into our room.” 

Then a door shut and there was silence for a minute or so followed by,

“Yes, yes, harder, more. …………  Ooooooh fffffuuuucccckkk.”

Hearing her parents make love was too much for Amber and she got off her bed and went outside. It was still warmer than most days in an English summer so Amber set off on her nightly walk. It wasn’t as late as the previous night and she could hear evidence of people still not in their beds but she didn’t consider going back. It was another moonlit night and Amber could see quite well once her eyes had adjusted to it.

On Amber walked. Ears and eyes scanning the area. The first person she saw as a middle-aged man, From the way he was walking it was obvious that he had had way too much to drink. Amber’s quick risk assessment was that he wasn’t a threat to her and that if he even did register seeing her he was incapable of doing, and possibly even saying anything to her. So Amber walked right passed him and he gave no indication that he’d even seen her.

A couple of minutes later Amber saw some car headlights coming her way. She was already aware of some cars parked at the side of the road so as it approached Amber ducked behind one of the cars only for the moving car to stop quite close to her.

Amber’s heart started pounding as the car reversed into a parking space and she watched as a young man and a young woman got out. Amber smiled when she saw that the woman was naked and carrying her clothes. She wondered what they had been up to or what they were about to get up to.

When they disappeared into a villa Amber resumed her walk. When she got to the village Amber decided to go onto the beach and she headed for the water’s edge. As she walked along she realised that she wasn’t alone. As she got closer she saw a man on his back and a girl riding him as she looked out to sea, Just above them Amber saw clothes strewn all over the place as she silently walked passed them in almost in touching distance of the couple that were in a little world of their own.

At the end of the beach Amber headed up to the road and the village. As she walked along the main street she saw a little bar lit up and people inside. Her young, imagination visualised some sort of sex show going on in there, maybe even an orgy, but she didn’t go over to see if she could see in, instead she kept walking, feeling both naughty and nice.

As she walked back to the villa Amber imagined herself walking out of the village and into the middle of nowhere, still totally naked and not another soul for miles. Then a handsome man would come along, lift her up and lower her onto his huge cock. She’d scream as her own weight forced her pussy to take it all then they’d fuck until she had her most intense orgasm ever. 
      
Amber walked round the back of the villa and to her room where she switched the light off, lay on her and started slowly diddling her clit.

***** 