Laura 07 - Laura's Stepdad Troubles
by WolfyLikes

Laura's stepdad brings trouble to her door.

Continued from Laura's Old Men Gangbang...

It had been a few weeks now since my gangbang at Geoff's house. I'd had a couple of text messages from him not long after it, which I'd read and ignored. He was asking if I'd be up for another session. When he started ringing me instead, I blocked his number. Once it was blocked I started to get calls from John and Joan. I blocked their numbers too. As far as I was concerned, they'd fucked me now and that was it. I had no intention of a repeat performance, that chapter had ended. Memories.

I'm not saying I hadn't enjoyed the evening, Geoff and Jim's big cocks especially. I intended to play catch up with my sex life after being with Darren only since losing my virginity, which meant new cocks, not going back for the same ones over and over.

My only issue was that I'd only had one sex session since then, with a guy I had seen while out jogging. Luckily we'd fucked in the trees by a field rather than take him back to mine, so he couldn't contact me again. It was one of my more forgettable fucks, the guy was too scared of being caught. We hadn't even exchanged names.

It was a Wednesday afternoon, I'd been at work this morning and had my usual run home due to the weather being decent, although I had a new route now so I wouldn't bump into him again. I'd got home and showered, getting out and not bothering to dry myself, just wrapping a towel around me, it barely covered my nipples and ass. I was walking towards my kitchen to make a drink, I'd just put some water in and put the kettle on to boil when the doorbell rang. I wasn't expecting anyone and hadn't ordered anything recently so it shouldn't be a delivery. I walked over and opened the door, just enough to peer through.

"Dad!" I blurted out, shocked.

"Hi Laura, long time no see. Can I come in please?" he said.

I called him Dad, but Martin was my step-dad. Well, sort of. He and my mum had never married so really he was just another of her boyfriends. I hadn't seen either of them since moving out about three years ago and moving into my rental house.

He looked tired, dishevelled and in need of a shave. He also had a large holdall in his hand.

"Sure, come in, what are you doing here?" I asked.

"I've split up with your mum, you know what she's like, I've had enough," he answered.

I did know what she was like. Horrible bitch. She could start an argument with herself if she looked in the mirror wrong. She was the reason I moved out the first chance I got. She split up with my real dad when I was very young, having had me when she was only eighteen. I got told he was cheating on her but as I got older I learned that probably wasn't true. She'd had a string of men since then, I'd lost track of how many 'uncles' I had. Martin had done well if they'd only just split up, that meant they'd been together for about four years. That was more than likely her record relationship.

"How long are you planning on staying here?" I asked.

"I need to sort myself out, she got me sacked from my job too, I've slept in my car for the last two nights," Martin explained.

I saw him looking me up and down, and remembered I still had only a short towel on. I went to walk towards the stairs to show him where the bathroom was so he could clean himself up, stopping when I realised if he followed me up he'd have a very good view up under the towel where I was naked.

"Bathroom is upstairs, first door on the right. Leave your clothes on the landing and I'll put them to be washed. You'll have to sleep on the sofa as there's no bed in the spare room, but it's a three-seater so should be big enough, but you can leave your bag in there."

Martin looked at me sheepishly.

"Is there room for all my stuff, I have two suitcases in the boot too."

I sighed but told him, yes, and after putting his stuff into the spare room he went into the bathroom. I went upstairs and noticed that he'd put other clothes down, not just what he'd been wearing. I could hear the shower running, so went into my bedroom to get dressed.

I threw on some shorts and a loose t-shirt but no bra which I normally did if I didn't plan on going out again, and turned on the hairdryer. Once my hair was dried and brushed, I put on my slippers and went to go back downstairs. My bedroom door was open quite wide, I felt sure I'd pulled it too when I'd come in because of Martin being in the house. I wondered if he'd seen me dressing, but could still hear the shower and he wasn't about, so assumed I hadn't closed it properly.

I went downstairs and made two cups of coffee, and started cooking bacon, sausage and eggs. I just finished plating up when Martin came down, wearing a pair of jogging trousers and a vest top. I'd forgotten that he had a decent body, and remembered he was only ten years older than me, thirty years of age. He'd been mum's toyboy lover.

He ate greedily, looking me up and down between each mouthful, nodding his approval. I assumed it was for the meal, as he was shovelling the food in too fast to talk. We settled down and watched TV afterwards, I thought I'd caught him a couple of times looking at me, but assumed my mind was playing tricks.

Martin had been here a week now and had proved a very good houseguest. He'd taken on all of the household chores, including the washing and ironing, and insisted he'd do so to pay his way until he got himself a job. It wasn't through lack of trying he hadn't got one yet, he just needed a break.

I was going out with some of the girls from work on Friday and had already decided it was pulling night. My only issue was not bringing anyone home, with Martin being here. I started getting my outfit ready for the evening and looked through my underwear drawer for my favourite set, a black lacy thong and matching bra. I could find the bra but not the thong. I'd worn them the weekend previously, so they should have been washed.

"Martin, have you seen a black thong while you've been doing the washing this week?" I shouted down to him.

"No, I did underwear the other day. I remember your black bra, but not a thong," he answered.

Oh well, I'll have to wear something else then I thought to myself. The evening went as expected, I got chatted up by an older man, no wedding ring and no telltale suntan mark where he'd have been wearing one either. He did tell me we couldn't go his place though, so we ended up behind the club. I'd given him a blowjob and he was just about to bend me over and fuck me when we got caught by a bouncer. We went different ways and I didn't see him again, so I made my way home, my pussy tingling and in need of filling. Hopefully, Martin would be asleep but I'd have to be quiet with my dildo even though I'd be upstairs.

I opened the door as quietly as I could, looked towards the sofa and Martin wasn't there. I sneaked upstairs and heard a noise in the bathroom and saw the light was on. The door was half open so I peered in. How I didn't gasp out loud at the sight I had no idea.

I could see Martin's right arm jerking, he was obviously wanking, although his cock was hidden from my view. The startling sight was his left hand was holding my black thong, which he had pressed against his nose. Now I knew why he'd pretended not to know where it was. I watched him for a few seconds, wondering whether to cough or something so he knew I was there. Despite the aching in my pussy, I backed away quietly to my bedroom and went to sleep.

I went to work as normal on Monday morning but drove in as it was raining hard. I'd not been able to look at Martin properly since seeing him masturbating while sniffing my thong. He behaved as everything was normal, just saying her hadn't heard me come home. Maybe he should try for a job as an actor, I thought. I arrived home and saw a white van parked up just past my house, and presumed that someone was getting a delivery or it was a trade van.

I pulled onto the drive to park behind Martin's car and saw a man walking around it, checking it over. He was quite tall, big built, and had his hair shaved very short. I got out of my car and he looked up at me.

"Can I help you?" I asked.

"Yeah, this is the car that's for sale isn't it?" he answered.

I told him I didn't think so. Maybe Martin had decided to sell it to raise some cash though.

"Let me just check with my dad, wait here while I ask him," I told him.

I went into the house and told Martin someone was outside interested in buying his car.

"I'm not selling my car. What did he look like?" Martin asked, sounding a little scared.

"Big, tall, shaved head. Why?"

Martin didn't answer as he rushed past me. I heard raised voices from outside, then suddenly Martin landed in a heap at my feet as he was thrown back into the house, followed by the tall man. He turned and locked the door, grabbed a chair from the kitchen, and picking Martin up told him to sit down and not move.

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?" I shouted at him, maybe a little too bravely.

"Your dad here owes me money, quite a lot actually. Thought he could leave home and we wouldn't catch up with him didn't you Martin?" he spat out.

"He's not working, they argued and my mum got him sacked. I have a little saved up, but most of my wages go on paying the rent," I replied.

The tall man laughed out loud.

"Is that what he told you? They argued so he left? Lying bastard," he said.

"Dad, what? What's going on here please?" I spluttered out.

"Sorry babe, it's true. I owe Freddie a lot of money, and your mum wouldn't help."

"How much? How much does he owe? Take his car, take mine too. Surely that will pay off the debt?" I told the tall man, Freddie.

"Well, he bought the car off me, except he hasn't made a payment yet, so that won't help. Your car is worth around £1,000 for me to sell on. It's not enough," he told me.

"I have some cash, how much does he owe?" I asked again.

"With the car money, and the debt from gambling at my club too, almost £5,000," he replied, sneering as he did so.

£5,000. I had nowhere near enough. I told him so. He shouted at me. Martin went to protest to leave me out of this and got a punch in the face for his trouble. Blood started to trickle from his nose. It was probably what he deserved, but didn't want to see it happen in front of me.

"So, how are we going to resolve this Martin? How do you intend to pay up eh?" Freddie taunted him.

"Can't you give us a bit more time please," I asked in my most flirtatious voice.

"No way, this gets sorted today. Three months he's been racking up the debts, no longer," he shouted back.

Martin looked at him sheepishly.

"I can't pay, I really can't," he murmured. He turned to me and said, "Laura, is there any way you can help, anyway at all?"

"I haven't got that sort of money, so I don't know how I can help?" I answered.

"Is there nothing you'd do, nothing at all to help out your dad?" Martin asked.

"Yeah, surely you wanna help out your dad," Freddie said, a big grin on his face.

"He's not my biological dad, I just call it him because he's the closest I had to a dad," I replied.

I could see the cogs turning in both of their heads.

"Maybe," said Freddie, looking me up and down, "You could somehow persuade me to ease off for a bit longer?"

"What are you suggesting?" Martin asked.

I could hear the words clearly, but they may as well have been speaking a foreign language as it wouldn't make sense.

"Well, she's a pretty girl, and she has a great body. That's got to be worth something surely? Freddie said, as he walked over to me and slapped my ass playfully.

"No, no way" Martin pleaded.

"It'll help the debt go away if she plays nice, real nice I mean," he sneered.

They both stared at me, seemingly waiting for me to blow a fuse at Freddie's suggestion. I'd been daydreaming, looking up at this man and he looked like a taller Jason Statham. I hadn't noticed when he came in that he was very rugged looking, but that was also quite appealing. Maybe it was my pussy reminding me that I hadn't had proper sex for a few weeks, or masturbated this week since Martin moved in, I don't know. It seemed like an eternity until I spoke.

"Yeah okay, I'll have sex with you if it makes his debt go away," I heard myself say. I hoped his cock matched the size of the rest of him.

Martin had a look of shock on his face while Freddie rubbed his hands together gleefully.

"No Laura, you really don't need to do this?" Martin said.

Will his debt go away?" I asked Freddie

He rubbed his chin like he was thinking.

"I'll still be taking both cars, but you can make up the rest of what he owes if you're good enough," he sneered at me.

I said nothing, but Freddie just stood looking at me, then looked back at Martin.

"Get me some strong tape or some rope," he told me.

"What for?" I asked.

"Just get some and be quick about it," he shouted.

I returned with some rope, and he instructed me to tie Martin's ankles to the legs of the chair, then tie his hands at the back.

"Don't want you trying to do a runner while I'm busy," he told Martin.

With Martin tied, Freddie sat down in the middle of my sofa, throwing his jacket across the floor.

"Stand in front and strip sexily for me, like you really want it."

I didn't have to pretend, despite the situation I did want it. I undid my top slowly until all of the buttons were undone while gyrating my hips slowly. I turned my back to him and slid the top down my shoulders and arms, it falling to the floor. I pushed the zip down on the back of my skirt but left it on. Turning back to face him, I reached back and undid the clasp of my bra, and holding the cups slowly peeled it off. My nipples were already sticking out, and he mentioned about my breasts hardly sagging once it was removed. I turned away again, and keeping my legs straight while bent over, slid the skirt down over my ass. I could see Martin staring at me, his eyes transfixed.

I kicked it off my ankles, I'd worn an old pair of lace boxer shorts to work. Old, but still sexy, pale blue and damp at the crotch now. I went to push them down and he told me to leave them on for a while. He stood up and pawed at my breasts for a while, kissing my neck. He towered over my five feet six-inch frame, he was around a foot taller than me. He told me to undress him.

I ripped at the buttons on his shirt, them flying everywhere, then pulled it down his arms. He was as well built as I'd thought. I ran my hands lightly across his chest, down his stomach, and undid the belt on his trousers. His trousers slid to the floor, and I slid down his pants. They were tight around his crotch so I could see what he had to offer, but still gasped when it sprang out. His cock was easily as big as Geoffs. I went to sink to my knees, but he stopped me.

He turned, took his socks and shoes off, then grabbed a cushion from the sofa, throwing it on the floor directly in front of Martin.

"Kneel there, I want your daddy to watch his daughter try to take my cock in her mouth," he instructed.

Martin shook his head and said no, but I was already kneeling side on to him before he'd said it. Freddie approached me, cock in hand. He stood directly in front of me, and I reached up and removed his hand, replacing it with mine. It barely reached around his girth. I started to stroke him, licking at his helmet trying to coax him to an erection. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Martin trying to struggle, but he was fastened tightly.

"No Laura, you don't have to do this, I'll find a way to pay him back somehow," he said.

"Ignore him. Lift the shaft and lick and suck my balls," Freddie instructed once he was almost erect.

His balls were sweaty and musty, but I coated them with my saliva, still jerking on his cock. I lifted my head, positioned my mouth at the end of his cock, and started feeding him into my mouth. I think I surprised him as well as me when I managed half of his length down my throat at the first time of asking. Freddie put his hands on the top of my head and twisted me so I was half facing towards Martin, making him watch his cock sliding down my throat.

Getting fed up with hearing Martin protesting, he took his cock from my mouth and went to the kitchen, coming back with a small cloth which he pushed into Martin's mouth. He made me stand facing Martin, pushed me over slightly, and roughly forced three fingers into my pussy. He started to finger blast me hard, making me squeal and rocking me forwards so that I was inches from Martin's face. I could see the pain and distress in Martin's eyes, he could see the pleasure in mine.

"She wants it, Martin, she's so wet," he taunted him.

He stopped and walked over to the sofa, sitting in the middle.

"Get over here and fuck me good now," he instructed me.

I walked over and went to kneel over him.

"No, turn around, I want you to face your dad so he can see how much you enjoy it, so he can see my cock sliding in and out of you."

I turned around and slid down my boxers. Freddie asked me to pass them to him and told me to wait. Walking over to Martin, he pulled the cloth from his mouth and quickly replaced it with my damp boxers. He laughed loudly as he could tell Martin could both taste and smell me on the shorts.

He resumed his seating position and pulled me down onto him, sinking me onto him. He grabbed my hips to set a rhythm, then pulled on my ponytail to make me look towards Martin. His length felt good inside me and I groaned loudly. I went to put my hand down to play with my clit, and he forced me to put my hands behind my back and grabbed my wrists with his spare hand keeping them behind me. He forced me up and down on his cock like I was a rag doll for a while, then stopped abruptly.

He pushed me forwards so that I was on all fours facing Martin, but I sank my head to the floor so as not to look at him. I felt him spread my legs wide with his feet, then he knelt and entered me from behind. He started to fuck me hard and fast, I assumed he was looking directly at Martin as I could hear him taunting him.

Suddenly he stopped and told me not to move or look up. I heard footsteps and then the front door unlocked, opened, then closed but more footsteps came back in. Looking sideways I saw two pairs of shoes and one pair of naked feet.

"Oh man, she's fine, look at that ass and titties," an unfamiliar voice said.

A hand went to my ponytail and yanked my head up. The tall man was standing by me, two black men about as tall as him both staring at me.

"This is gonna be fun," the other voice said.

"What's going on, who are these guys and why are they in here now?" I asked.

"They're my security team, Mikey and Sam, they were here in case Martin needed teaching a lesson," Freddie replied.

"Well he's not going to be much bother tied to the chair, is he? So why are they in here now?" I asked again.

"You didn't think fucking just me was going to be worth five grand did you?" Freddie said.

Martin started twisting and turning to undo the ropes. I looked up at him, just as Freddie knelt and slammed his cock fully into me. I cried out loudly. Mikey and Sam started laughing loudly. He slammed into me hard, nearly withdrawing all of his cock before forcing it back into me. The more he did it, the better it felt and the more turned on I became. I started pushing my ass back as he slammed into me, and he liked me responding to him forcing himself into me.

I heard one of the guys start laughing.

"Looks like dad is enjoying seeing his daughter get a good fucking, he's got a tent in his trousers!"

My ponytail was grabbed again, and looking up I saw Mikey undoing his belt. Sam raised him slightly, enough for Mikey to yank his trousers and pants to his ankles. Sure enough, Martin's erection was directly in front of me.

I suddenly found myself remembering sounds from my mum's bedroom, the heavy panting and loud groaning that seemed to go on forever. I had an idea why now, Martin's circumcised cock was about eight inches long but very fat. The end was extremely purple. I found myself licking my lips at the sight of it. Martin looked at me with very sad eyes.

Freddie shuffled me forward more until my head was between Martin's spread knees. He forced my head onto Martin's thigh and started to fuck me hard again, now his forward thrusts forced me towards Martin's cock. He shouted at me to stick out my tongue, and every few thrusts my tongue caught Martin's cock, making it twitch in front of my eyes. His pre-cum was leaking down his shaft, making it wet, and I could taste him on my tongue. Freddie started to up his pace and grunting loudly shoved his cock fully into me, spurt after spurt of his cum shooting into me.

He held the position after he'd finished, then withdrew his cock slowly. Trails of my pussy juices and his cum oozed from me, and he quickly manoeuvered me so my ass was facing Martin.

"Look Martin, look at her creampie. Do you wish it was you, do you wish it was you who'd just emptied himself up her?" he teased him. Martin's cock jerked again.

He sat on the floor in front of my face.

"Lick my cock clean while Martin watches my cum trail down your legs," he told me.

As I did so Mikey and Sam sat on the sofa on either side. They laughed as Martin couldn't keep his eyes off the river of semen running from my pussy down my legs. Freddie pushed me away and joined the others on the sofa, sitting between them both. He instructed me to blow him to make him erect again, and I heard the others undoing their zips. From the corners of my eyes, I saw trousers being dropped to their ankles, and instinctively I reached out both hands and found their cocks. They both felt long like Freddies, and I enjoyed the feel of them getting erect as I stroked them.

Freddie pushed me away and kneeling in front of the sofa Mikey and Sam stood on either side of me, turning me around so I was facing Martin again. Sam pushed his cock into my mouth and I took him in hungrily, swapping now and again with Mikey's cock. My jaw was starting to ache but I didn't want to take away this feeling of my mouth being so full.

Sam moved away and lay on the floor, his feet facing towards Martin.

"Get on over here and ride me good, missy," he told me.

This time he made me keep my back to Martin but pulled me down over him so that he had a very good view of his large black cock filling my tight pussy. Sam's fingers strayed across my arse, pulling my cheeks apart and occasionally sliding the tip of a finger into my arsehole. His arms went around my waist, holding me to him, and I looked behind me to see Mikey positioning himself. I braced myself for him entering me as my arse hadn't been lubricated at all.

I did right in bracing, but for the wrong reason. Mikey rubbed his cock along my arse, but instead slid it to the entrance of my pussy and started to feed it alongside Sams. I thought my pussy had been stretched enough by then, but slowly and surely he fed his cock into me until it was filled with them both. I'd never felt anything like this, and when they started fucking me in unison, my body shook and I orgasmed so loudly I expected all of the neighbours could hear.

They waited for my orgasm to blow over, then Sam held me still while Mikey fucked me, his cock still alongside Sam's in my pussy. He fucked me like that for a while then stopped, and they both withdrew. Mikey took his turn to lie on the floor now but made me face Martin. Just as I was about to ride him, he pulled me back so I was lying on top of him, facing upwards. His hands reached around and twisted my nipples hard, squeezing my breasts and leaving red marks all over them.

Sam grabbed my ankles and forced my knees up to my breasts. He then slid his cock into my pussy alongside Mikey's. I groaned loudly again, My arms going around his shoulders to pull him in. Sam looked over his shoulder and taunted Martin, asking him if was enjoying his daughter's pussy full of two big black cocks. Martin couldn't answer because of the gag, but I could.

"Stop teasing him and fuck me hard," I cried out.

He didn't need a second invite. With Mikey laying still, Sam fucked me long and hard, all the time making sure Martin had a good view of my filled pussy. He started pulling on my legs, forcing me up and down on both of their cocks. I could feel Mikey start to quicken, and he told Sam he was going to come soon. Sam kept his cock alongside Mikey's and pulled me so both of their cocks slid into me in unison. I felt Sam start to come, quickly followed by Mikey, both loads of cum filling my pussy and starting to flood out of me. The feeling of being so full, and both of their cocks pulsing inside me, tipped me over the edge and I came again.

They both withdrew and Freddie twisted me around.

"Look at her gaping pussy Martin. Look at all that cum running from her. Do you like it, Martin? Would you like to do that to her?" Freddie taunted him again.

I'd noticed he was fully erect again, and he twisted me to face Martin again. He rested my head on Martin's thigh again, pulled my ponytail to make me look at him, then started to push three fingers into my pussy, then into my arse, lubing it up good. When he thought it was ready, he positioned his cock at my arsehole and thrust forward. Half of his cock slid up me, and my face slid into Martin's cock.

Freddie fucked my arse with long hard thrusts, pushing more of his cock in each time. Each thrust forward made Martin's cock slap against my face. Freddie started to slap my arse too, sounding like an echo. I could feel his balls slapping against my pussy lips too, he felt so good in my arse it was unreal.

"Poor Martin looks like he's desperate to come," Sam shouted out.

"Yeah, all over his daughter," Mikey laughed.

"Yeah, I almost feel sorry for him," Freddie replied, "Put your dad out of his misery and put your mouth on his cock," he continued.

"He's not my dad!" I panted between thrusts of Freddie's cock.

"Oh who cares, just fucking do it," Freddie shouted.

Martin's cock was big and inviting, already caked in his pre-cum it slid into my throat easily. Freddie fucking my arse pushed me down onto Martin's cock anyway, but I could feel him trying to raise his hips, despite being tied to the chair, to fuck my face. Freddie was enjoying the sight as he started to fuck my arse hard, and just as I felt Martin's cock starting to twitch in my mouth, Freddie started to fill my arse with his load.

They both came at the same time, there was so much come from Martin it shot out the sides of my mouth, Freddie grunting as he finished coming in me and his cock spilt out of me, pulling a chain of cum with it which broke away from his cock and landed on my feet.

I collapsed to the floor at Martin's feet, completely drained of energy, semen flowing from each of my holes still. I heard Freddie, Sam and Mikey getting dressed, then Freddie thanked me for paying my dad's debt as they untied Martin.

"Don't you need our car keys for the rest of the debt?" I asked

"No, no need for that. Your mum paid the debt off yesterday, the same way that you have just done," Freddie said laughing, as I heard them leave and shut the door behind them.

