A New Life
by StoryGuy

Chapter 21

Karen walked down to her mother's room. She was just coming out and handed Karen a bag to carry down to the car. Karen tried her best to act and walk normally, but even though she knew the plug couldn't be seen she knew it was there. She could feel it. Todd and her mother's boyfriend were loading the cooler into the car. Karen watched to see if there was any reactions from anyone, but no one made any comment or movement to acknowledge the butt plug inside her.

They walked the short distance to the motel restaurant for breakfast. It was self service, so each grabbed what they wanted and ate. Her mother got up to get a second cup of coffee and as she left her boyfriend leaned over and whispered to Karen, "Stop fidgeting. Just ignore it. You're acting like you're sitting on an ant hill and they're biting your ass. Relax. You're fine."

"Sorry," she blushed. Sitting seemed to make her more aware of the butt plug and even the slightest movement seemed to make the plug wiggle in her ass. They finished eating and got into the car heading to the beach. Karen never realized how much she moved while in a car. Every movement wiggled the plug and, while not unpleasant at all, did make her aware of its presence.

Karen was surprised when they got to the beach that there didn't seem to be many people even though it looked like a nice beach. They unpacked the car and set up a spot on the beach. It took a few trips, but they were finally settled. Karen slipped off her shorts feeling a bit awkward, not because of her bikini, but the butt plug.

Her mother dug out the sunscreen and all were told to put it on. When it got to Karen, her mother's boyfriend grabbed it. "Lay on your stomach and I'll put it on your back," he offered as he had done the same for her mother. She sprawled out and he began putting it on, slipping his fingers under the thin straps of her top to put it on all of her. When he got to her lower back, his fingers slipped under the waistband of her bikini bottoms a bit making her giggle. "You don't want to miss there and have a red stripe around your waist," he muttered as he continued.

Karen actually liked him reaching under her bikini bottoms, even if it was just his fingertips. She almost wished he would reach further in, but knew that wasn't possible on a public beach. Still it turned her on a little. He started doing her upper thighs and, as he had on her back, his fingertips ventured slightly under her bottoms.

Her eyes closed as she savored the feelings his touch was producing. His hand went between her legs and, without thinking, they parted slightly giving him room. Her pussy was getting damp as again his fingertips slid slightly under her bottoms almost touching her pussy. His hand nudged her ass. "Here. You can do the rest," he stated as he held out the tube of sunscreen. Had he told her to roll over she would have done it hoping he would push his fingers under the front of her suit too.

She rolled over and sat up as she took the tube from him. He was watching her and her mother was busy putting on sunscreen on her brother and wasn't paying attention to them. Karen started spreading sunscreen on her body going under her straps, then into the cups of her top reaching much further in that he probably would have. She wanted to tease him a little and teasing him was exciting her as well.

Her hand moved to her belly and her fingers plunged into her bikini bottom. She made sure to push them down some exposing more skin to him. Karen glanced at her mother, whose back was to her as she spread sunscreen on her brother. Feeling more daring, she reached down between her legs and pushed over the crotch of her bikini bottom actually exposing her pussy. She smiled as she watched his eyes focus on her hidden asset. Karen spread sunscreen almost to her pussy lips, then pulled the other side of her bottom over again exposing her pussy as she put some on the other side.

Her mother finished, so Karen's show ended. There was a beach umbrella behind them, but they were in the sun. For about an hour they just lay there enjoying the sun. After an hour or so, the sun had changed. Even though they were all together, the umbrella was shading her brother and mother, but he and she were still in the sun. "I'm hot," she muttered.

"Feel like going for a swim?" he asked and she nodded. "Karen and I are going in the water," he announced, but neither her brother or mother moved. He stood up and headed to the water. Karen stood, ran after him, and then walked into the water beside him. The water was warm, but felt cool to her body.

The two swam out a ways until Karen was neck deep. No one was near them. "I gotta go to the bathroom,” she whispered.

"Just go," he laughed. "No one will know."

"Um... I don't gotta just pee," she blushed.

"You sure it's not just the plug?" he questioned.

"No. I know what that feels like. I... um... gotta do number two," she whispered.

"Oh. OK, pull your bottoms down and I'll take the plug out," he acknowledged.

"Right here? In public?" she gasped.

"Why not? No one will see you. Look around. The only ones who will know what you're doing is you and me and I promise I won't say anything," he chuckled.

Karen looked around, then muttered, "OK," as she pulled down her bikini bottoms to her thighs.

He spun her around in the water so her back was toward him. "Pick your legs up," he said as his hand rested on her bare ass supporting her. Again she looked around as she lifted her legs. She felt him touch the plug, then gently pull it out of her ass. It felt strange not having it in her, like something was missing. "I'll back up so you can do your thing. When you finish come over to me. Don't bother pulling up your bottoms. I still need to put your plug back," he instructed as he moved away from her a short distance.

Karen quickly did her business, then walked to where he was. He was squatted down so the water was at his neck. She put her hands on his shoulders and felt his fingertips start to brush her asshole. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Making sure you're clean," he answered.

She liked what he was doing, so made no effort to stop him. He continued and she became more aroused and also more bold. Karen dropped a hand from his shoulder and palmed his swimsuit. She could feel his stiff cock and maneuvered her hand so she was almost grasping him. "You're hard," she muttered. He said nothing, but didn't push her hand away either. "Can I touch it?" she whispered.

"You are," he replied.

"No. I'm touching your swimsuit. Can I reach in and touch you?" she repeated.

"I don't know if that's a good idea... I might lose control and take you. You'd probably lose your bikini bottoms so you'd have to be bottomless for the rest of the day. I'd also have to spank you because you would no longer be a virgin. Everyone would see you get spanked. You'd not only have to go without bottoms, but everyone would know you were spanked because your ass would be red too," he chuckled.

"I guess that's not a good idea then," she mock frowned, knowing he was half joking, but also realizing he was half serious as well.

She felt what she expected was the plug touch her asshole, then push in. It surprised her that even though it stretched her, it really didn't hurt. It actually felt good in her current state. "Pull up your pants," he told her once it was in again. Reluctantly she released his cock and, using both hands, pulled her bikini bottom back up.

They swam around for a while longer before he suggested they get out of the water and get something to eat at the hot dog stand a short distance from their spot on the beach. The two walked to the stand with the intention of getting hot dogs for all. "I'm surprised there isn't more people around," he mentioned to the clerk preparing their hot dogs.

"It used to be a lot busier before they split the beach. The far end is clothing optional and most go there now," the clerk replied as he handed them their meals. The two headed back to their spot on the beach.

"You ever been to a nude beach?" Karen asked him as they walked and he nodded. "You went naked on the beach? Was everybody naked?" Karen questioned and again he nodded. She thought for a moment, then commented, "I don't know if I'd want to go naked on a beach with other people around, even if they were naked too. It sounds embarrassing."

"You never know until you try," he smiled.


Chapter 22

They spent the rest of the afternoon at the beach, sometimes laying in the sun and other times in the water. Karen couldn't stop herself from looking at his bathing suit crotch knowing what was in there. She had felt it a couple of times now and today had been even more bold. She wanted to see him and was almost obsessed with the thought.

There was a seafood restaurant right on the beach and people in swimsuits seemed to be welcome, so they decided to eat there. As they entered Karen noticed most of the women were wearing some sort of cover-up even if only a top of sorts. The only thing Karen had with her was a pair of shorts and if she put those on they'd get wet as her bikini was still damp. It really didn't bother her only wearing a bikini though. It felt daring and a few of the boys and men seemed to notice her, which made her feel sexy.

After eating they went back out to the beach. There wasn't much sun as it was getting late, but it was still warm and the water felt nice. They left as the sun was setting. In the car, with wet suits, they sat on towels. He pulled into the parking lot of the ice cream shop they had stopped at before. He handed Karen's mother some money to order ice creams and announced he had to use the bathroom. "Me too," Karen said as she led him down the back hall to the bathroom carrying her beach bag. She wanted to get out of her wet bottoms because they were beginning to irritate her and even with no panties shorts would be more comfortable.

He let her go in first and she quickly changed putting on her shorts and stuffing her bikini bottom into her bag. She then opened the door and, as she was walking into the hall, he stepped into the bathroom. She had planned of keeping the door open like she had with her brother, but unfortunately someone else was waiting to use the bathroom, so couldn't. Karen waited for him and could hear him peeing. If only the other person wasn't there...

They ate their ice creams, then drove back to the motel. Karen's mother opened her door and walked in. Karen remembered she hadn't brought her key card. "Can you open our door? I forgot to bring the card," she meekly requested.

"I'll get it," her mother's boyfriend responded and he followed Karen and Todd to their room. He opened the door for them, but instead of going back to his room he followed them into theirs. "Pull your shorts down and bend over," he told her.

Karen was surprised and blurted, "Are you going to spank me for forgetting the card?"

"No. Did you forget? I need to take your plug out," he smiled. Karen giggled as she turned, pushed her shorts to her thighs, and bent over. He reached down and pulled the plug out, then handed it to her. "Wash it off good," he said, then turned and left the room.

"What's that?" Todd asked.

"Nothing," Karen mumbled, not wanting to explain it to him, as she pulled up her shorts and walked into the bathroom. She began washing the plug off.

Todd followed her into the bathroom. "That was in your butt?" he pressed. Karen had to answer, but didn't want to talk about it, so just nodded. "He put it in?" he asked and again she just nodded. "When? Were you bad or something?"

"No, nothing like that. He put it in this morning," she answered as she dropped her shorts and bikini top and stepped into the shower to avoid further questions.

She had no sooner turned the water on when her naked brother joined her, his ever present erection bobbing. "What does it feel like?" he continued.

"I don't know... It just kinda feels good, like when you do my butt I guess. It feels sexy having it in," she explained realizing he was curious and wasn't trying to pester her about it. Karen began washing off. "Do you know what a 'blow job' is?" she asked, trying to change the subject. He nodded. "Ever had one?" she added and he shook his head. "Think you'd like one?"

"Yeah... One of my friends in school gets them from his sister. She says his cum makes her boobs grow and he says it feels great when she does it," he answered.

Karen soaped up her hair and began washing it, talking as she did. "I've never given one. I'll make a deal with you though. You asked what the butt plug felt like. If you let me put it in you so you can try it, I'll try giving you a blow job," she offered.

Todd thought for a moment, then said, "OK".

Karen rinsed her hair then both got out and dried off. Karen was anxious, but nervous about trying to give him a blow job. She was also looking forward to putting the plug in his ass. It seemed so deliciously naughty.

Her hair was still wet, but she'd deal with that later. She opened up her small case that she kept in the bathroom and pulled out her enema bulb. "What's that?" Todd asked.

"It's to make you all clean. You fill it with water, then squirt the water in your butt," she answered. He looked at her strangely and she felt he might hesitate. "It doesn't hurt or anything. It actually feels kinda nice," she giggled. "You just bend over, it's put in your butt, the water goes in, then you sit on the toilet and let the water out."

"I don't know... It sounds like it would hurt. I don't think I wanna do that," he balked.

After the explanation she received about cleaning herself out, Karen knew that sooner or later Todd would see her being cleaned and decided to use that to get Todd to let her clean him out. "It's no big deal. I'll show you, then you do it, OK?" she bargained sounding a little irritated.

Todd, sensing her mood, reluctantly nodded. Karen filled the bulb, then grabbed the cream next to the sink and rubbed some on her asshole. "Watch," she said as she turned and bent over in front of him. It was a little awkward, but she got the nozzle tip in her ass, then pushed it into her. It excited her to have him watching her and the nozzle felt good going into her. She squeezed the bulb forcing water into her, pulled it out, then sat on the toilet releasing the water. "See? It's no big deal and doesn't hurt. I guess it's a little embarrassing to go to the bathroom while being watched, but you've seen it all anyways."

She finished expelling the water, then stood back up and refilled the bulb. Now set she turned to face him and he turned and bent over as she had. She couldn't help but smile when he did. Unlike her, his legs were parted enough she could see his ball sack hanging down between his legs, adding to her excitement. Karen put some of the cream on her finger, then began rubbing his asshole.

He allowed her to rub a bit, then shifted, signaling to her she should stop. She lined up the nozzle and slowly pushed it in to his body. It made her wonder if he liked it being done like she did. Once she had it all the way into him, she "accidentally" let her hand slip between his legs touching his balls. She lingered there as she told him, "Let me know when you're ready." He nodded and she warned, "Don't stand or move until I tell you so you don't get hurt."

She squeezed the bulb sending a stream of water into his ass, then pulled the nozzle out. "OK," she said and he immediately stood, spun around, and sat on the toilet. Karen heard the water exiting him. "See? That wasn't so bad was it?" He shook his head. Once he was finished he stood again, revealing his hard cock.

Karen reached for it and wrapped her fingers around his stiff member. "Ready for the plug and then a blow job?" she grinned and he nodded enthusiastically. "Turn around and bend over and I'll put it in," she told him. He slowly turned not really wanting to, but he did want a blow job, so knew he didn't have a choice.

She got more of the cream and rubbed it on his asshole. He felt like he was clamped tight. "Try and relax so it doesn't hurt going in," she instructed as she got more cream. Once more she began rubbing him and he seemed to be looser, so she pushed in and he tightened again. "Relax. It won't hurt if you do," she repeated as she continued to rub. The next time she pushed her finger in it easily slipped into him. She grabbed the plug, lined it up, and pushed. It didn't go in as easy as it had in her and he made a slight noise, but the plug went in and his asshole closed around it.

He stood up and turned to face her again. His cock was still stiff. "It feels weird," he muttered as his hand went behind him. He's probably feeling the plug she thought. "Do I get a blow job now?" he asked.

Karen took his hand and led him into the room. She sat on her bed, but realized she was too high, so knelt down on the floor and pulled him closer to her. For a moment she stared at his boyhood, almost touching her nose. She looked up to see him grinning at her. Her hand rose up as she looked back down and her fingers wrapped around his hard dick.

Her mind filled with doubts and she realized she really had no idea how to give a boy a blow job, but it was too late to back out now. Tentatively she opened her mouth, guided him in, and closed her lips around him. He pushed his hips forward diving deeper into her mouth and gagging her. She backed off telling him, "Don't move. You choked me."

Once more she guided his cock into her mouth and this time he didn't lunge forward. She didn't move at first, then began to run her tongue around him. Gaining confidence she started moving her head back and forward slightly, sliding his cock between her lips. He felt so soft in her mouth, yet so hard at the same time.

His hips began to move again. Karen wrapped her hand around his dick so if he lunged forward again her hand would stop him from gagging her again. A deep, guttural sound came out of him at the same time she felt his cock spew cum into her mouth. Not knowing what else to do Karen swallowed but her mouth kept getting filled and she couldn't swallow fast enough so some dribbled out of her mouth, down her chin, and onto her chest.

She felt his cock begin to soften and it had stopped pumping cum into her mouth. His body seemed to start relaxing too, so she released his cock and sat back. Karen felt proud of herself. She had done it. She made a boy climax with her mouth and had been rewarded with his cum. She felt guilty as well. He was her brother. "I gotta dry my hair," she muttered as she stood and walked into the bathroom.


Chapter 23a

Karen woke up the next morning still feeling a little horny. She had climaxed herself, but it really didn't seem like enough. Todd had climaxed when she had given him a blow job and she wasn't sure, but she thought she heard him jerk off during the night as well. She was too tired to get up to see.

As requested, they dressed and met their mother and her boyfriend for breakfast. The day was somewhat cloudy and her mother was talking about visiting more of the shops in town. Todd and Karen were unusual as it was Todd who liked poking around in gift shops and Karen found it boring. "OK if I stay here? I don't feel well. I think I got a little too much sun yesterday," she tried. "You guys can go. I'll just stay around the motel and rest."

Her mother wasn't crazy about her staying alone at the motel. "I'll stay with her. You and Todd take the car and go. You know how I feel about shopping. Maybe you can bring back something good for supper," he offered. Although her mother was reluctant, she finally relented. Her boyfriend gave her some money and she and Todd left them in the motel restaurant.

"You really don't feel well?" he asked.

"Well, I don't feel that bad, but I didn't want to walk around all day in shops. You're not mad are you? I thought I could just stay here alone. I didn't mean for you to have to stay with me," Karen apologized.

"It's fine. I didn't want to go shopping either," he chuckled. "What do you want to do today? Seems we are stuck here."

"I dunno. Can we go in the pool?" she asked and he nodded. They left to go to their rooms to change. He went into his room and Karen continued on to hers.

Once in her room, she grabbed her bikini, then realized she had only worn one so far. Karen pulled the other from her suitcase. After stripping down, she put the top on and realized is wasn't fitting right. The cups seemed too wide apart. She took it back off, examined it, and realized the ties weren't attached to it but rather went through the pieces so they would slide back and forth. The bottom was the same way.

Feeling daring, she put the suit on again, but adjusted it. The top ended up very narrow, covering her, but her boobs bulged out on both sides. She pushed the bottom parts together at the waistband so the front covered her pussy, but just barely. She had it so the top of it wasn't even as wide as her fingers in front and even less at the back. It was sort of a wedgie.

There was a knock on her door and he said, "It's me." Karen opened the door and let him in. "That's a lot smaller than I thought it was," he commented as he closed the door.

"It's adjustable. See?" she answered as she slid the bottom front apart, then pushed it back together. "It is too much?"

"Hmmm... Come here," he ordered. "Turn around." She turned, modeling the suit. "It needs adjusting. You're trying to wear it as a thong and it isn't. It looks like you have a wedgie and probably feels like it," he told her as he reached out and pulled the back apart making it wider. "It's supposed to form to your ass, not go in it." He pushed the front down a little, then pulled up the back, so instead of the waistband being straight, it was higher in the back. He widened the front just enough so it was flat on her belly and not bunched like she had it.

He then worked on the top, widening that as well, but still leaving the sides of her breasts exposed, but the material lay flat on her skin now. "I had to make it a bit wider so you wouldn't fall out. Your boobs are growing," he smiled, making her smile as well with the compliment. "Feel more comfortable now?" he asked and she nodded. "If you ever wear it like this in front of your mother we're both dead meat. It wasn't easy convincing her to let you buy it."

Karen walked to the mirror and looked at herself. She never would have guessed he'd help her dress. The suit looked so much better. The back looked almost like it was painted on, forming to her shape. The top, while wider by a bit, actually showed more. Her nips were poking out with the unlined top where before they were hidden in the folds. The bottom front didn't really look wider and was lower, showing more, which she liked.

"Ready?" he asked and she nodded. "You OK like that? There's not much hidden." She smiled shyly and again nodded. "OK, let's go then," he stated and picked up his towel and headed for the door. Karen also grabbed a towel and followed him.

When they arrived at the pool no one else was there. He sat down on one of the loungers there and Karen walked to the shallow end of the pool where the stairs were. She walked down one stair at a time, pausing so her body could adjust to the cooler water compared to the air.

As she stepped off the stairs three boys walked into the pool area. One was probably about her age, one maybe her brother's age, and one older. Karen dipped down in the water as the boys tossed their towels onto a chair, then walked over to the deep end and jumped in.

Karen was a little uneasy realizing just how exposed she was, but there was nothing she could do at this point. She swam out into the pool trying to act nonchalantly. The older boy swam over to her and said, "Hi!"

She said "Hi," back to him. He was nice looking and she guessed he might have been about 16 or even 17. She was treading water and thought he might just swim away, but he stayed in front of her looking down into the water obviously at her body. It made her feel good, but also made her blush slightly. Her hands wanted to move in front of her, blocking his view of her body, but she fought off the instinct and let him look.

"You staying at the motel?" he asked and she nodded. Why else would she be in the pool if she wasn't she thought to herself. "Nice bikini. It looks good on you," he smiled.

"It's new. I just got it," she smiled, not knowing what else to say.

One of the other boys, the one about her age, popped up from under water. "Hi!" he greeted with a big grin. Karen smiled and nodded, acknowledging him. The three began chatting. She was amused that the older one kept giving the younger one a dirty look, in between staring into the water.

The younger two boys began talking about swimming again. "I'm gonna go lay out in the sun," Karen stated and walked up the pool stairs. She grabbed her towel and spread it out so she could watch the boys, then lay down on her belly. She pretended to adjust the back of her bikini bottoms, smoothing it out and making sure the rear seam hugged her ass crack emphasizing it. She intentionally lifted the material up enough to barely expose her ass crack knowing the boys were watching.

She was parallel to the pool and watched the boys. They would jump in the deep end, then swim to the ladder on the far end of the pool, but walked around the pool so they could walk past her on the way back to the deep end. It was obvious they wanted to look at her, but Karen didn't mind and liked the attention she was getting.

After a while she got more daring. The older boy had climbed up the ladder and was walking toward her when she rolled onto her back. He momentarily stopped in front of her and she watched him as she again adjusted her suit. She smoothed the top, then slightly lifted the bottom smoothing and lowering it as much as she dared while he stared at her barely covered pussy. He must have felt awkward staring at her as he quickly walked to the deep end again.

She watched them and noticed the unmistakable ridge in the older boy's suit. She knew he had an erection. Karen hadn't noticed the youngest leave, but he came back and told the other two that their dad said it was time to go, then left again. Karen stood and walked into the pool to cool off as the sun was getting hot. "You go. I'll be right there," the older boy said to the one about her age.

He left so it was only the two there, plus her mother's boyfriend, who she suspected had fallen asleep. The boy swam up to her, stood next to her, and whispered, "We gotta leave. Can you show me something to remember you by?"

"You wanna see my body?" she whispered and he nodded. She thought for a moment. She did want to see his hard cock, but wasn't sure about showing him, then remembered the nude beach that the food vendor had mentioned and her mother's boyfriend saying he had been to nude beaches. She thought about all the men and boys naked with their bits out for her to see, if she went. They would see here though. Maybe it was time to see if she could do it? "Would you show me on you what you want to see on me?" she grinned.

"If I show you, you'll show me, not just look and then leave? You'll do it too?" he questioned and Karen nodded, getting excited. "You promise?" he asked and again she nodded. He paused, then he looked around, then mumbled, "OK." His hand went to the front of his suit and pushed down revealing a stiff cock to Karen. She stared at it and wanted to touch, but was too shy to try. He let her look for a moment, then pulled his suit back into place. "Your turn?" he mumbled.

Karen suddenly became nervous. She had been seen before, but this was a boy she didn't really know. He had just let her see his cock and, if she went to a nude beach, she wouldn't know anyone there either, so it would be the same as now. Holding her breath she reached down and pushed the front of her suit below her crotch, exposing her bare pussy. She was embarrassed, but also proud she had done it and excited to have a boy see her treasures.

"Dad said to hurry up," a voice called out. Karen jumped and let go of her bikini bottom at the same time. It slid up covering her. The boy walked to the stairs of the pool and waved as he left.

Karen adjusted her suit again, then walked out of the pool. Her mother's boyfriend was fortunately still sleeping. She touched his shoulder and he stirred. "You fell asleep. I'm going back to the room. Are you gonna stay here?" she asked. He shook his head as he stood and picked up his towel, then motioned for her to go ahead.


Chapter 23B

They walked to the room and Karen asked, "Can you open my door? I don't have my card with me." He nodded and followed her to her room, opened the door and she walked in. Instead of him going back to his room, he sat down on the chair. "Are you mad because I talked to those boys?" she asked.

"No. It's fine for you to talk to boys," he answered calmly.

He didn't seem to know she had shown the boy her pussy and saw his cock, which maybe was a good thing. It had excited her though and made her horny. "I also did something with Todd last night. I hope you don't spank me for it," she confessed actually hoping he would spank her and give her the relief she desired.

"What did you do?" he asked, now more attentive.

"You know those things you gave me? The one to clean me out and the plug? I showed them to Todd," she confessed. He nodded, but didn't say anything. "Um... I sorta tried them on him too," she continued.

"You cleaned him out, then put the plug in him?" he clarified and she nodded. "That's fine," he told her. "He was OK with that? Did he like it?"

"There's more..." she mumbled. "He didn't want to do it, so I gave him a blow job so he'd do it."

"Did he force you?" he asked.

"No. I told him I would if he let me do that stuff to him, so he did," she answered as her head hung down.

"Did he cum?" he questioned and she nodded. "In your mouth?" and she nodded again. "Did you like it?" he continued and she shrugged, not wanting to admit she did. "If he asks, will you do it again?"

"Are you going to spank me because I did that?" she asked and he shook his head. "I don't know... I'll probably do it again if he asks. He seemed to really like it," she answered honestly. He shifted and seemed to adjust himself and Karen noticed he was hard. "Can I ask you something else?"

"You know you can ask me anything. Go on..." he replied.

"Um... When I asked if I could touch you, you said you'd probably lose control and take me, then you'd have to spank me for it. What if I kinda... ah... um... What if you put it my butt? You let Todd do it and don't spank us. Would you spank me if you put it in my butt?" she offered.

He paused and thought before answering her. "You know I'm a lot bigger than Todd, right?" he stated and she nodded. "I'd probably hurt you if I did you that way."

"I know, but I think I can do it," she replied.

"It might hurt a lot. Are you sure you want to?" he cautioned. She paused, then nodded. "OK, get ready then. I want you to clean yourself out too."

"Will you do it for me?" she requested.

"Normally I would, but I want to be sure you really want this, so I want you to do it yourself. If you don't want to, it's fine. If you want to do this, you'll get yourself ready," he countered.

"I do," she answered as her hands went to the tie at the top of her bikini. He watched her as she got naked and she actually enjoyed exposing her body to him. She stood for a moment letting him look at her nudity before picking up her bikini from the floor and walking into the bathroom. He followed her.

Karen noticed a new bottle of cream left by housekeeping, picked it up, handed it to him saying, "We'll need this." He took the bottle, then she reached into her case and pulled out the bulb to clean her. As she filled it in the sink she felt her pussy getting wet in anticipation of what was to come. She faced him. "You sure you don't want to do it?" she asked again and he shook his head. She turned her back to him and bent over so he could see what she was doing, pushed the nozzle into her ass, savoring the sensations as she did, then squeezed.

As she sat on the toilet, she handed the bulb to him. "Fill it for me?" she requested. He took the bulb and filled it for her as she expelled the water. Karen stood again and he held out the bulb for her. "I really like it better when you do it. Would you, please?" she repeated. This time he nodded and she turned and bent over, opening her legs so he could see her pussy. The tip of the nozzle touched her asshole. "Do it slow so I can feel it longer," she requested.

He slowly pushed in, but instead of just pushing deep, then squirting the water into her, he slid the nozzle back and forth, in and out of her. Her back arched, raising her ass up and her eyes closed. He then pushed it deep into her and she felt the water going into her. She had hoped he would move it inside her more before squirting.

Karen's motor was already running. When she finished expelling the last of the water, he took her hand and led her back into the room. He stopped and turned to face her. Her hand extended out and she palmed the front of his bathing suit, feeling the hard cock inside it. "Can I see it now?" she asked anxiously.

"It's your party. Do what you want," he replied softly.

She tentatively moved her hand up, grabbing his waistband. She looked up at him again, almost waiting for his approval, but he gave no indications at all. While watching his face, she pulled down slightly on the waistband, still unsure, but he said or did nothing. Karen looked at his crotch again and slowly pulled the front of his suit down. The tip of his hard cock appeared, exciting her and giving her the courage to see more.

Karen pulled down more, revealing his cock and the balls hanging in their sack below them. It was huge, massive, magnificent. "Take them off," she asked softly. His hands went to his hips and he pushed down. His suit fell to his feet, giving her a full, unobstructed view of his manhood. "Wow," she muttered as her fingers wrapped around his stiff dick.

"Think you can take it?" he asked.

Without thinking, she muttered, "I hope so." He gave her a few minutes to explore his cock and balls. She seemed fascinated. As she held on to his cock, he slowly backed up to the bed, then sprawled onto his back. Her inhibitions were buried somewhere deep within her and she climbed up on him straddling his legs, but never releasing his cock.

He gave her a few more minutes, then took the top off the bottle of cream and handed it to her. "Put lots on you, including inside, then put some on me. Remember, you can't use too much," he instructed.

Karen took the bottle. Her body was now in complete control. She took a finger full, leaned forward, and rubbed it on her rear opening, then repeated until she felt very slick. She took more and pushed her finger inside her spreading the cream inside as deep as she could reach and continued until her finger slipped in easily.

Once satisfied she dumped some on his erection and spread it, coating it as much as she dared. It seemed like more than enough when she handed the bottle back to him and he placed it on the bedside table. "OK, now I want to to move up, aim me, then sit down on me. Take as much time as you need. It makes no difference how long it takes, but I want you sitting down on me without holding yourself up," he instructed.

Karen edged up until her body was right above his hard member, She leaned forward, lifting her ass, and reached between her legs, grabbing his cock and pointing it to its destination. She pushed down and felt his cock press against her opening, but he didn't slide in as easy as her finger had.

She eased up again, then tried pushing down again. It pressed against her, but wasn't going in. "Slowly and steadily push down. Just keep pushing. It will go in," he encouraged. She did as he asked and pushed more. Karen began to wonder if he would fit. He was a lot bigger than her brother, even bigger than the boy at the pool. It was starting to hurt and then suddenly he popped into her.

"Oh!" she gasped as her asshole seemed stretched to the limit. His cockhead was in her, but there was a lot more to go.

"There's no rush. Take your time and let your body become accustomed to it, and it will. Wait until you want more, then push down more," he comforted.

Karen didn't move. Her asshole felt like it was at its limit, but slowly the pressure seemed to ease and the initial hurt subsided. Tentatively she pushed down again and felt his slip deeper into her. The pressure increased, so she eased up again until it once again eased. She continued pushing, then waiting, until she finally felt him come in contact with her ass cheeks.

"I did it," she smiled as she sat up with him fully embedded in her ass.

"You OK?" he asked and she nodded. "Good. Let me know when you're comfortable. We're going to roll over and I'm going to fuck your ass properly," he smiled.

His words shocked her, but also made her feel good at the same time. It felt like his cock was even bigger than it looked in her ass. Slowly she became accustomed to the stuffed feeling. "I'm ready," she grinned.

"OK, lay down against my chest and hold yourself on me. We'll roll over so you are on your back. Pull your legs up as far as you can. If you want to, rub your pussy as I fuck you. It sounds embarrassing, but it will feel great," he told her and she nodded.

Again she was shocked at his words, but he was talking to her like she was a woman, not a little girl, which she liked. It was a bit awkward rolling, but she ended up on her back with his dick still in her ass. He boosted himself up with his arms as she pulled her legs up. Slowly he pushed down with his hips, then pulled out a little. Karen looked down and watched his cock pull out of her a ways, then push back into her.

There was still a little hurt, but it was far outweighed by the sensations he was pulling out of her body. Her hand shyly slipped down and found that magic button at the top of her slit that called her orgasm. It was already awake deep within her and she needed to let it out. Her ass was becoming used to its invasion and seemed to becoming more responsive. His pace was increasing and her climax was starting to boil.

His hands went to the back on her knees and he pressed down, pinning her willingly to the bed. Suddenly her body exploded. She pushed against his hands as her legs seemed to want to straighten out, but he held her firmly, pumping into her rapidly now. Her body thrashed as much as it could as the throws of orgasm washed over her.

His pumping slowed and her climax ebbed, then faded. After a short time he stopped moving, but was still deep into her. "You OK?" he asked her once more. She nodded with a big grin on her face. "Did it hurt too much?" he also asked and she shook her head. "OK. I'm going to pull out. You may feel like you really have to go to the bathroom, but just squeeze your ass hard and the feeling of urgency will pass, although when you get up you still may have to go," he informed her.

Karen nodded and he slowly began to pull out of her. He seemed to slide a lot easier coming out than he had going in. Part of her felt relieved as he eased out, but part of her also wanted him to stay in. She watched as his cock came out of her body and into view again. Finally his cockhead exited her and her eyes opened wide with the urgency he spoke of. "Squeeze!" he ordered. She couldn't help but comply and, as he said, the urgency passed.

"Was it worth it?" he smiled.

"Yes!" she gushed.




Karen laid on her bed and fell asleep. After her mother and brother returned she was awaken and they ate while sitting around the pool. Karen didn't go in the water as she wanted to continue the rouse that she didn't feel well, but did announce she was feeling better.

That night she didn't do anything with Todd. Her ass was still a little sore from the day's activities. She did agree to sleep naked for him though. During the night he got up and, thinking she was asleep, went into the bathroom and jerked off. Watching him made Karen horny, but she couldn't do anything without giving away she wasn't sleeping, so she suffered.

The next morning they met for breakfast and seeing Karen was better they decided to spend the day at the beach. As they were walking back to the rooms to get ready, Karen walked next to her mother's boyfriend. "Do you think we can go to the nude beach?" she whispered to him.

"The nude beach? You really want to get naked in front of a bunch of people?" he grinned, thinking she hadn't thought about it.

"It's a nude beach. Everybody gets naked, so I guess I wouldn't have much choice. It would be fun going to one though," she answered, not wanting to admit the idea of being naked intrigued her.

He looked at her, surprised she seemed serious. "Are you serious about wanting to go to the nude part?" he asked and she nodded. He thought for a moment, then told her, "I have no problem taking you there, but there's also your mother and brother to consider. Talk to him and let me know if he wants to go too. If he does, I may be able to convince your mother to let you two go. I know she has no problem going to nude beaches, we've been to some, but taking you two..."

"Do you want me to talk to Todd? I can and then let you know if he wants to too," Karen offered and he nodded. Her mother and he went into their room and Karen and Todd continued to theirs.

"What were you talking about?" Todd asked as they walked into the room.

Karen wasn't sure how to star the conversation. Finally she asked, "Do you like seeing naked girls?" and, naturally, he nodded. "Did you know one end of the beach is a nude beach? The girls there are nude," she continued.

"The girls get naked right on the beach?" he questioned and she nodded. "I wouldn't mind seeing that," he laughed.

"I'm being serious," Karen admonished. "I told you there was a nude beach here. If we could go there, would you want to?"

"Really go to a nude beach?" he questioned and she nodded. "I don't know... I guess so."

"You'd be OK going to that nude beach and getting naked?" Karen rephrased.

Todd thought for a moment before answering. "Would you get naked too?" he asked and she nodded. "Then I guess I would too. Do you think we could really go?"

"Mom's boyfriend said maybe. He told me to talk to you and if you wanted to he'd talk to mom. He seemed to think she'd say yes. You really would go? ...and not get all weird and stuff?" she repeated and again he nodded. "I'll let him know," she offered.

Karen left the room, had a brief conversation with him, and returned a little while later. "I talked to him. He talked to mom and she's worried about us going. She thinks we'll be 'scared for life' if we have to get naked on the beach with others around. I asked him how we could convince her and he suggested we go to their room and get naked so she could see we didn't mind being naked. What do you think?"

"He wants us to get naked in front of him and mom?" Todd gasped. "I don't know..."

"You said you'd get naked on the beach. Mom and him will be there. What's the difference? They'll see you on the beach anyway," Karen argued. Todd said nothing and Karen thought he might be changing his mind. "I'll tell you what. If you do it I'll give you a blow job again," she bargained and he finally nodded. "Let's go then, before we change our minds," She suggested. Karen stood and walked out the door with Todd following.

They knocked on their mother's door and he answered, inviting them in. "So... You guys want to go to the nude beach, huh?" he asked as he sat back down on the bed next to their mother. Both kids nodded. "You know people on a nude beach get naked right? ...so if you go to a nude beach you'd have to get naked too, right?" and again they nodded. "Your mother is worried you're being forced or will be traumatized by going to a nude beach. You're here to prove her wrong?" and once more they nodded. “...by getting naked now?” he asked.

"If we do, can we go?" Karen asked.

"That's up to your mother, but if you don't you won't be going," he replied.

Karen looked over at her brother and whispered, "Remember what I told you?" He nodded and she began lifting her tee. He pulled off his tee as Karen revealed her sports bra and reached for her shorts. He hesitated as her shorts fell to her feet. Noticing his hesitation she glared at him. His hands went to his jeans and he began undoing them.

She looked up at her mother, who showed no expression at all. Karen took a deep breath, then lifted her sports bra. It went over her head and she stood for a moment, her breasts now exposed, and looked at her brother, who was down to his underwear. His hands reached for his waistband.

Karen paused, mustering all the courage she could, then pushed her panties down. They puddled at her feet revealing her shaved pussy to all. Instinct made her face flush, but she stood still with her hands at her sided. She could see out of the corner of her eye her brother was now naked too.

Her mother and her boyfriend had a brief conversation. His attention then turned back to them. "We leave in an hour. I'd suggest only wearing a tee and shorts, no underwear. It's easier to strip down when you're not wearing much. Oh, here's some sunscreen. Put it on all over and I mean all over. You don't want to get sunburned in delicate places," he smiled as he held out a tube of sunscreen to Karen.

"Thank you!" she grinned as she took the tube, then pulled her panties back up. The two quickly dressed and rushed out to go to their room. They went in and Karen commented, "That wasn't as bad as I thought. Want me to put some sunscreen on you?"

"How 'bout if I put some on you first, then you can give me a blow job and put some on me after?" he countered. Karen looked at the clock. "We have an hour so there's plenty of time," he commented. She nodded then. "OK, let's get naked," he grinned.

The two shucked their clothes. Karen was already turned on because of getting naked before and also her lack of orgasm the night before. Todd walked into the bathroom with his stiff cock bobbing, returned with a towel, and spread it on the bed. He didn't say anything, but Karen took the hint and lay down on her stomach so he could put sunscreen on her back.

Todd picked up the tube, squirted a generous amount on his hand, but instead of doing her back he went to her ass and began spreading the cream on it. "Open your legs," he muttered and Karen parted her legs for him. He did a thorough job of spreading a liberal amount on her ass cheeks, inner thighs, and even in her ass crack. "Roll over," he ordered.

Karen's pussy was already wet as she rolled onto her back and parted her legs for him. He started with her boobs, somehow knowingly gently rubbing them. She felt her nips harden and delightfully scrape against his palms as he rubbed. He seemed to take a long time on her breasts, but she didn't complain.

He then moved down, spreading sunscreen on what used to be her bush. His hand roved outward to her hips, then back to center. Karen's body impatiently waited. Slowly his hand lowered and her legs instinctively parted more. He began rubbing sunscreen directly on her pussy producing almost overwhelming sensations.

His hand dipped lower between her legs and her knees bent opening her legs more for him. She felt her orgasm start to stir deep within her, but quickly coming to the surface. His hand pulled away from her, but this time wasn't returning. "More... More sunscreen," she begged in a desperate voice.

He looked at her, then squirted another dab of sunscreen on his hand and returned it to her pussy. With her body now in control Karen's hips tilted and pushed up, mashing her pussy against his hand. The added pressure on her clit was enough to make her body explode. Waves of pleasure washed over her body.

As her orgasm ebbed and her body began to return to normal Karen realized he had stopped rubbing her. She giggled, embarrassed, and, as she sat up, asked, "Want me put some on you now?" He nodded and she told him to lay down on his belly as she sat up. He took her place on the towel.

Karen picked up the sunscreen and squirted some on her hand. She looked down at his bare ass and the ball sack visible between his open legs. She began rubbing him, making sure she got everywhere, including his ass crack and the space between his open legs. Without being told he rolled onto his back.

She was surprised to see his hard cock so stiff it was actually in the air not even touching his belly. She squirted more sunscreen on her hand and reached down to his ball sack. Karen began rubbing his balls making his cock twitch as she did. Her free hand wrapped around his erection. "Don't move or I'll stop," Karen muttered as she leaned down and guided his cockhead into her mouth.

Karen savored the taste of the hardness she had created. Slowly she bobbed her head up and down, sliding his cock between her lips. It seemed like only seconds before she was rewarded by a mouthful of cum. This time she knew what to expect, so began to swallow as he refilled her mouth with more.

It took a little while, but his cock finally stopped erupting and slowly softened. Karen sat up letting the soft dick fall from her mouth. She said nothing, but just squirted some sunscreen into her hand and rubbed it on Todd's now flaccid member. She glanced over at the clock and realized they only had 15 minutes before they were supposed to leave. "We gotta get dressed. It's almost time to go," she muttered.

The two pulled on shorts and tees with nothing under them, as was suggested.



Chapter 25
 