Z is for Zeus  part 4


Athena and I went back to my campus to see how the work was
progressing. After 5 days, the worldwide team had managed to
conquer quite a few of the problems. They had a prototype nanite,
which would bury itself into the CNS (Central nervous system) of
the recipient. There when activated it would amplify my thoughts
when I directed them to my own internal nanite. It would pass
from person to person using each nanite as a receiver and
broadcaster. In addition, they would be a simple recurring
message every time a person slept. The message would tell them to
adore me and venerate me as their God. This was accompanied with
a burst of their own endorphins. When conscious my thoughts would
disrupt their higher mental functions so that my thoughts became
theirs. As an initial nanite, I was very pleased. We still had a
few things to work out, such as the production of about 5 billion
of these and the delivery of these to the people. However, after
5 days they had already 10 thousand of the mark 1 versions ready
for testing. I decided we should have a field trial at my former
university campus.

I instructed my team to place the nanites in the water supply
filters of the university dorms. There they would be released
when people washed their teeth at night. I turned off unnecessary
showers and other water output so only hand basins would be
allowed. Since we had a limited supply of these little machines,
the water was to be cleaned and re-cycled back from the waste
pipes to the faucets. In this way, we would only lose about 15%
of the nanites; the rest would be absorbed by the students. As
night fell and the students dreamed happy dreams about me, we
waited.

Athena and I had long slow sex. She sucked me off, swallowing my
load. I licked her clit and sucked her cunt lips, tasting the
salty sweat and her juices. She came so readily, I just lapped up
her juices. Then from behind I doggie fucked her slowly, deep
thrusts up to the limit of her womb wall, and slowly out my 11
inches, and pushing firmly back in. Her walls had just gotten use
to the absence of my dick, when they were pushed apart again. We
fucked slowly this way for hours, cuming and coming again. I held
her body dripping with sweat in my strong arms, my hands
exploring her glistening firm tits. She came with quiet moans as
I rose up and placed my cum covered dick at the entrance to her
ass. Without waiting, I pushed in hard and spewed copious loads
into her. She was dripping my seed from both orifices, when she
at last held my dick and pushed it into her willing mouth,
sucking it to the back of her throat. With her finger at the base
of my balls, finding it way in between my buttocks and then into
my ass, she started to massage my prostate, I came one last time
that night straight into her stomach. Athena, you are a wonderful
sex slave.

Morning broke as if it were just another morning. The students
arose with smiles having enjoyed intense wet dreams. They were
probably a bit tired, but relieved that since the showers were on
again they could refresh themselves from the imaginary activities
of the night.

I reached out and tried to contact some of the nearby students.
They all responded well, but since they were in my normal range
of mind control, that was to be expected. I tried a little
further and was delighted to see that a group over a mile away
responded. I concentrated and reached out further to find that
over 50% of the campus had indeed been inflected. A few who had
studied late into the night did not respond so well. They had not
slept enough to be infected just yet, but that would happen. As
if I need further evidence of the success, I felt my powers
increase with the devotion and adoration. This was indeed what a
God should feel. Out of 10 thousands machines perhaps 7 thousand
students had succumbed, this was much better than I expected and
augured well for my project.

I decided to try my subjects with a little but amusing test. I
had the girls determine if they were pretty or not (I made them
make an objective test of themselves), and then remove their bras
and panties. They would walk around and no one would notice the
difference. This worked very nicely. I then decided to have the
same girls put on their best clubbing make-up and wear their
shortest skirts and tightest tops, still being braless and
panty-less. The other plain girls were instructed to go to the
gym and start exercising. While I scanned the result, I took
notice of those people who had not been infected and reaching out
directly to them, I influenced them to go to the science lab
where they were directly injected with a nanite, and then go to
sleep for 8 hours at home. The campus certainly looked a lot more
interesting.

All around were bright gorgeous girls with skimpy outfits, their
pussies plain to see, their tits bouncing freely, and everyone
was smiling without a care in the world. It reminded me of the
toga-clad slaves in Caligula. Now there is an idea I thought. I
would have my own slave harem. Not yet, though I had plenty of
other fun to have before that. I reached out and got the
university administrator to order 500 dildos of various sizes
from the local sex store, apparently for some sociological class.
When the van arrived, it was met by the plain girls only. They
squealed with delight and ripped open the boxes, only it was not
for them to use of themselves. Instead, they were to hunt in
groups of three for any of the prettier girls. Once they found
one they pounced on her and proceeded to lick her pussy and
anuses until they were sufficiently lubricated, then they started
to use the new dildos of the sexy student. Pussies and asses were
being pumped from one end of the campus to another. The pretty
girls had been influenced to relax and submit willingly to their
captors. The guys thought that nothing was amiss and so went
about their business ignoring the piles of girls fornicating on
the campus lawns, in the bushes, on the stairs to the great hall,
on the floor and tables of the library. When the pretty girls had
their fill, I suggested to all the students, that they should go
and rest. With the campus deserted and the student sleeping, I
felt more and more power directed towards me with every adoration
from them.

