Indecent Proposal
by JoandD

Playing a game leads to wife showing her breasts to group.

I want to share an experience from a few years ago that started with playing a board game that led to kind of a bet or maybe a dare. That dare may well illustrate the power of money in giving women permission to push their sexual limits a little further than they, or certainly their husbands would ever expect.

We were having dinner at our place with some friends who we've known for a long time. It was a hot summer evening so when we went outside to started grilling, my wife, Joan decided to get more comfortable and cooler. She went back inside to change into a little tank top and shorts. She always complains about women who wear tops with little straps and having ugly bra straps showing beneath. She thinks it's most unattractive and it's a real pet peeve for her. So, she when she came back braless, it was not surprising to me to see her abiding by her own dress code. The effect of the warm temperature on her nipples made her lack of a bra just a little less noticeable. Her pride in her appearance won out over her modesty of her nipples showing.

In the past we used to play a number of card games with Dennis and Ann whenever we got together, but we hadn't played in quite some time, so we decided to pass on cards again this time. I like to play board games and so do our guests, though Joan is less fond of them. We brought out our "Scruples" game that poses all kinds of moral or ethical dilemmas for players to wrestle with. I thought Joan would be happier with it since it doesn't have a lot of complicated rules and doesn't have to last for hours (her principal objections).

Many of the questions involve clear-cut ethical situations like receiving too much change from a store clerk, mistakes in your favor on bills or bank statements, cheating on tests, and stuff like that. Then there are some less clear or maybe tempting situations like buying a house or car from an elderly person who obviously doesn't know their true market value or finding money in a rental car. And finally, players are presented some moral dilemmas like having a one-time affair when you were absolutely sure your spouse would never find out, and similar lesser offenses.

So, that Saturday night we had dinner and then continued to drink wine while we played "Scruples." I was confident that everyone would be extremely ethical on the issues of finding lost things and financial dealings. And they were. Some of the moral issues around recreational drug use and sexuality found us all more liberal in our interpretation of what was OK and not so OK. This was especially true for situations that seemed truly victimless. And as time went on and the more wine we drank, the more honest I think we got in our answers. About that time Joan drew a card that asked, "Would you pose for nude photos for $5,000?" Per the game rules he had to declare "yes, no, or depends."

She first looked at me grinned, poked me in the arm, and said, "You've been getting a hell of a bargain, Buddy." Then she said to the group, "No, for anyone else I wouldn't consider it for $5,000," then after a slight pause, she added, "but maybe for ten."

Dennis instantly questioned her if she didn't really mean to answer "depends?" He seized on her making her moral judgement depending on the price offered vs. the nature of the deed and he pursued it a little more that she expected. He gave here some more "hypotheticals" including what price it would take for her to have sex with another man.

We quickly got to the million-dollar question from the movie "Indecent Proposal" about having sex with another man for a million dollars. Joan's reply was an immediate "for a million bucks, you bet!" Remember the man in the movie was Robert Redford.

After discussing these scenarios among the four of us, two common denominators became clear: 1) a really "big" amount of money will get people to do just about anything; and 2) it's easy to say "no" and look morally pure when it's not a real and immediate offer. I think Dennis was contemplating these the same conclusions when he looked at Joan and smiled. Then, he pulled out his billfold, found his secret compartment and removed two $100 bills, laid them on the table and asked her, "Would you show me your breasts (I think he really said tits) for $200? This is a serious offer; think about it." Given the top she was wearing and her obvious lack of a bra, I didn't think Dennis's proposition was a purely random idea.

Remembering the movie, the first thing she said was that she didn't think I'd be very happy with her if she accepted his proposition. So I assured her it was her decision and I'd be fine with whatever she did. In fact, I told her the whole thing was a kind of a turn-on to me. I think I really made her decision a lot harder since it would have been easy to say "no," blame me for it and keep her own real feelings to herself. Dennis has always really liked Joan, and like most men, liking a woman a lot can bring along a certain degree of sexual interest too. I'm pretty sure she has picked up on those vibes and was in some ways both flattered and enticed by his offer. And she does have nice tits.

I kept expecting Ann to weigh-in with her thoughts about why Dennis's would invest $200 to see Joan's breasts. I figured that Ann would think, if not outright tell Dennis that she had a pretty nice rack that he could see for free anytime. But women almost always underestimate their men's curiosity about seeing another woman's tits. Whatever her actual feelings, she chose not to voice them.

Joan was obviously tempted by the prospect of an easy $200, but it wasn't so much money that it would make her go against any strongly felt moral, ethical, or personal objection. She just kept saying "it's tempting..." but she couldn't quite pull the trigger. I wondered if she was still afraid I'd have some problem with her exposing herself to another man, so I assured her again that if she did it I certainly wouldn't think even the slightest bit less of her.

I could tell she was really wanting to accept the deal when she began asking about just how she would be expected to "perform" her end of the bargain; logistical stuff like, "can I just pull my top up, or do I have to take it off?" And "for how long?"

Dennis was obviously wanting to see Joan's tits, whether she took her top off or at least let him get a look at what was underneath. So, he was ready to make it easy for her and told her she could do whatever "method" she chose, but that it should be for at least 30 seconds or maybe a minute, not just some quick flash that didn't really "let me appreciate you." That made this proposition very real and personal. While I think she was ready to take the offer in theory, now she was dealing with the reality of her pulling up or removing her top and having her bare breasts exposed for a what would seem like lots longer than a minute.

Then I had a brainstorm and asked Ann if she'd take the same offer from me if put $200 on the table. I thought that no doubt it would make it easier for Joan if she had company and, in that way, every one of us four would be participating. Then no one could get that moral high ground above the others. Before Ann could answer I went to my stash and got two new "Big Bens" and put them across from the two already on the table. My offer was clearly real too. Wow did that ever stop the conversation while each of us looked at one another waiting for someone to say something. Finally, after the two women traded body language and facial contortions, Joan completely shocked me by saying rather gruffly, "Take your money back, there's already an offer on the table. It was made just to me, so let me decide what I want to do with that first."

The way she looked at me I knew she was serious, so I picked up my two hundred, and again told her to do it if she wanted to, it was 100% her choice.

"I wasn't looking for your permission," she snapped.

I couldn't tell for sure if Ann was relieved or disappointed, but she sure didn't protest being let off the hook. Joan continued to grumble on about "why am I doing this," and the second thoughts were obvious. But, with her nipples now poking through her top, I knew she was going to do it.

Finally, she reached for the money still the table, put it in her pocket and told Dennis "OK, it's your lucky day." With that she looked at me and Dennis, nodded, sighed audibly, and pulled her top up well above her bare breasts. Dennis and my staring at her tits was causing Joan some serious arousal. Those nipples told me she was getting more out of this than just financial gain. No one spoke for the longest time, at least a minute, then she pulled her top back down and asked, "There, was that worth $200?"

"Absolutely," Dennis replied honestly and without hesitation, "every penny's worth."

I really wanted talk more about what really motivated her to do this, and how doing it just by herself seemed to matter a lot, but I somehow knew better. For whatever reason, we just got treated to a wonderfully sensual moment that she probably could not explain right now even if she tried.

After our company left and we were in bed I did ask her why she didn't want Ann to join her in the same offer I had proposed. I really expected her to say something about her not wanting me to see another woman's breasts. She kind of hemmed and hawed a bit so I knew there was something else going on that motivated her. I even asked specifically if the reason was that she didn't want me seeing Ann half-naked. She offered that this wouldn't have been a problem, and in fact it would probably have made it a lot easier for her.

So I pressed further and again, I wasn't getting a straight answer. Finally, tired of my badgering, she really shocked me by saying, "Look, if you had given Ann $200, it would have been like I'd shown Dennis my tits for free."

It just amazes me how much the money thing worked on her attitude. It sure wasn't the money itself, but it sure gave her "cover" for doing something she wouldn't ordinarily do.
