Another Day at the Office
by Drbic©


Today started just like any other day... I get a phone call from my assistant 
notifying me she has opened the office and what mail has come that day. She has 
been working with me for 3 years and is like my right hand in value. She is a 
pert little brunette with a huggable figure, very petite breasts (which she has 
a low opinion of) and a wonderful butt that I have real trouble not getting 
distracted by at any given moment. 

When she first came to work with me I realized I might be apt to overly observe 
her charms and commented on this to her seeking some approval or disapproval. 
Her only comment was go ahead and look. As it has turned out she appears to have 
a quiet penchant for exhibitionism. We occasionally tease each other about this 
but it has remained rather mild and increases our enjoyment with working with 
each other. 

On this particular day I had a tremendous amount of work to do, was late getting 
in and she was fielding all of the miscellaneous calls and had everything ready 
for me to engage the day's work smoothly. When I showed up finally at the office 
I noticed she was wearing a very comfortable looking dress and sweater, and I 
commented how nice she looked, paused for a moment to admire her outfit as I 
came into the office. I noticed the dress buttoned down the front and casually 
teased her about the buttons looking very fragile. She quipped back at me that 
"fragile" was not a problem for her as she had nothing that was "busting" out of 
them. We both laughed and I headed to my office. 

I was working through the first stack of correspondence and when she appeared 
with some fresh coffee she had made I noticed that the dress was just above knee 
length and it appeared that the bottom 3 buttons were not buttoned. I teased her 
again about this commenting that it looked like her problem wasn't the top but 
rather the bottom of the dress for "busting" out... she laughed and once again 
quipped back "How did I know she hadn't unbuttoned them?" Giving me a smirk 
causing us to both laugh. 

I was beginning to dive back into the pile of paperwork when she came back into 
the office and sat down in the chair in front of my desk and as she did I 
distinctly heard a light snap, snap sound and as I glanced up I could see that 2 
more buttons had popped on the bottom of this dress. She, however did not appear 
to notice and as she sat down I realized I could see the top of her thighs as 
she crossed her legs. Was that a hint of panties I saw? Intrigued I tried to 
remain looking at her face as she clearly wanted to talk about something.

She started by saying that she was quitting her job effective immediately and 
then telling me about a project she had been working on and informing me about 
the best system to have someone else accomplish it. She was talking so fast I 
couldn't get in a word edgewise to ask her why she was leaving. As she moved 
around she uncrossed her legs and suddenly I realized I was staring at the 
cutest little shaven pussy I have seen in years! As I fought to drag my eyes 
from this beautiful and forbidden sight I realized she noticed where I had been 
staring and she said "Are you ok? You look like you are upset?" I quickly 
responded stating that I had only been concentrating on what she was saying. She 
then leaned forward and really got serious about explaining how to manage the 
project and as she did I distinctly heard another snap. I started sweating 
slightly and as she leaned back while talking I could see her sweet naked little 
kitty was now fully on display.

I think it was subconsciously but apparently I moaned slightly and once again 
she looked at me in concern. "Are you sure you're ok" she asked again? I saw her 
glance down and I wondered if she could see that she was brazenly and completely 
displaying all of her female charms to me. As she glanced back up at my face I 
was carefully looking at her face and acting as if there was nothing amiss. She 
smirked slightly and slid slightly forward in the chair watching my eyes. I 
studiously avoided looking downward hoping she would not quit her wonderful 
little show. 

I was becoming somewhat uncomfortable as this wonderful display was causing my 
body to react and as I shifted in my chair glancing down at her once again I 
realized she had not only exposed herself further but had spread her legs 
slightly and I could now see the inner lips of her sex. She continued to talk 
rather nonchalantly, suddenly commenting that it was rather hot in the office 
that day or had I noticed? At this point I was beginning to have some trouble 
talking and keeping my eyes focused on her face. She reached up and unbuttoned 
the top two buttons of the dress and sat back in the chair fanning herself with 
a piece of paper she was holding. As she did her legs fell open even further and 
as I glanced down I realized there were only 2 buttons holding the entire dress 
together.

Suddenly I thought I could smell her arousal and as my eyes traveled down to her 
beautiful pussy she reached down and calmly spread her pussy lips glancing at me 
mischievously and laughed! "Like what you see?" she asked. I was in a state of 
shock. I stuttered "Wow!" "You are really a dream come true today!" "But you 
quit?" I asked. She laughed again and with her other hand reached up and slowly 
undid the last two buttons, all the time staring at me intently. It was like 
being caught in a spotlight and I was mesmerized by her show. When the last 
button popped open I realized she was completely naked under her dress as her 
beautiful petite breasts came slightly into view. It was a dream come true.... 
And she knew it! 

Suddenly she got up from the chair but as she did the dress fell to the floor 
and suddenly my wonderful, now ex- assistant was standing in my office 
completely naked. It was then that I realized she was a complete brat because 
she said "Oh I dropped something" and she turned around, spread her legs 
slightly and bent over to pick something up off the floor giving me a view of 
that ass best described as the most luscious and salacious picture I have ever 
seen. I could positively see the results of her arousal glistening on the lips 
of her sex which had reddened slightly and were for the first time beckoning me 
with their beauty. I was in shock. And she knew it.

She asked me if, as a favor, since she no longer worked for me, I needed my 
coffee refreshed and I could only nod. As she came closer to my desk I was 
treated to a full view of her amazing and beautiful little breasts. She made no 
move to pick up her dress. Staring at me intently she commented "I think you 
were right about the buttons on that dress" "I don't see the point in putting it 
back on broken, do you?" 

I was completely tongue tied and could only nod my head affirmatively. She 
nonchalantly headed out the door with my coffee cup with a slight swaying of 
that wonderful ass briefly glancing back to make sure I was looking. I sat there 
in shock. 

In but a moment she came back walking straight up to me and setting the coffee 
cup down. I could see she was staring at me clearly enjoying herself while she 
watched my eyes travel over her vividly displayed charms. 

As she turned again she said "Oh it appears one of the pins has come loose on 
our calendar! Let me get that fixed." and she stepped up on the chairs by the 
wall with one leg on one chair and the other on the one next to it, and pushing 
her ass out slightly causing her pussy lips to tremble as she applied pressure 
to the offending pin. Looking mischievously over her shoulder again she said "Is 
it straight?" just like she has done several other times when we have worked on 
office decorating. The difference this time was she was completely naked and 
fully displaying all of those charms I have admired for so long. She wiggled her 
wonderful ass again. "Is it straight?" she quipped again, knowing I was 
completely enthralled by her display! 

"You are amazing!" I said.

She laughed and climbed down off the chair. Standing there in all of her naked 
splendor with her hands on her hips, cute little breasts on display and her legs 
spread slightly she commented "Well, I just made your dream come true, so now I 
want you to indulge me!" 

A mirage of thoughts passed through my mind... what could my sweet little minx 
of an assistant want from me that would indulge her? Understand here that by 
this time I would basically do whatever she wanted because she was completely 
fulfilling a fantasy of mine and she flat out knew it! 

She sashayed back over to the chair in front of my desk and sat down in it 
watching my eyes follow her every inch of the way. As she sat down she purposely 
spread her legs slightly and pushing her pussy towards me said "Look at it!" 
"Watch me!" 

She slid her hand slowly down past her navel and gently parted the lips of her 
sex. "Look at it!" "Watch me!" she said again. And slowly, ever so slowly she 
started massaging her clit in little circles. "Look at it!" "Watch me!" She said 
again gazing at me intently she started increasing the speed of her 
ministrations. 

Then she said "Clear off the desk! But don't take your eyes off me!" 

I started clearing the papers from the desk, finding that it was very hard to be 
orderly about it while this amazing show was going on. The signs of her arousal 
were clearer and the scent of that arousal was causing me to feel giddy.

"Look at it!" "Watch me!" She said again. "Don't take your eyes off me!"

When the desk was finally cleared I could see she was really getting into what 
she was doing. She slowly stood up, and without stopping placed on foot on the 
desk all the while watching me and my intensity and clear enjoyment of her 
wanton display. As her leg slid toward me on the desk it caused her pussy to 
open and be even more fully on display. 

Without ever breaking her simple ministration of her clitoris she slid her leg 
closer and twisted and put her other leg on the desk, and leaning back put her 
sweet little rose right in front of my face, and with her heels on the edge of 
my desk continued with her self pleasure. 

"Look at it!" "Watch me!" "But don't touch!" She said

As she continued this for several minutes it became clear that she was so 
aroused she was near climax. "Look at it!" "Watch me!" She said again between 
ragged breaths. (Like I could do anything else in the face of this wonderful and 
mesmerizing display)

Suddenly she spasm'd with her self fulfillment, slightly writhing with her 
pleasure and as she looked at me and my gaze over her beautifully displayed 
dripping sex which was inches from my face, she said "Now... lick it. This is 
your chance. Do it now!" "NOW!" she said.

I looked at her in disbelief. "Do it NOW!" She said again forcefully. As I 
leaned in to feast my aching lips on this special treat, where her scent was 
exactly like the dreams of her I had so many times, and as the taste of her sex 
flooded my senses she grabbed my head with her hands and wrapping her legs 
tightly around my head promptly soothed my aching taste buds with a second wild 
orgasm. 

As her quivering subsided I continued to lick her gently not wanting to miss a 
single drop of her essence. She gazed into my eyes and said "By the way what 
will it take for me to get my job back?"

But that is another story!







 