Sitters
by Aameal 


We have two babysitters for our one-year old son Pete. He likes them both... and so do I.

Molly is 15, a perky redhead whose sexuality is just eginning to emerge along with a nice set of tits topping 
a round young ass. I catch myself staring at her, imagining what it might be like to explore the warmth 
between her thighs, running my fingers through the patch of what I know is natural red hair, licking her 
girlish slit.

Samantha is taller and leaner and seems a lot more experienced than her 17 years might suggest. At 5'6" she 
has a good three inches on Molly-and they're all in her long legs. Sam has dark hair, which she wears long, 
almost emphasizing her height. Atop her legs is a trim ass, probably the result of running. If she's lacking in 
anything, it's a bust. She seems almost flat-chested, but from the couple of times I've seen her in a tee-shirt, 
I know she's not.

Anyway, Molly and Sam split babysitting chores for us. My wife, Carin uses them in the afternoons, after 
school. Pete naps then and Carin, who runs her design business from home, uses the time to do errands and 
see clients. I travel a lot, too much, and the arrangement with the high schoolers has worked out well.

Even if she doesn't have anyplace to go, Carin has one of the girls in so she can concentrate on business.

About two weeks ago I got home from a business trip a day early, landing at 2 p.m., and decided not to 
even bother to go to the office. The trip had been a good one, but tiring, and I decided my law firm could 
do without the six hours I might be able to put in. Instead I headed home. I didn't expect to find Carin 
home.

I knew Pete would be napping and let myself in quietly. I figured either Molly or Sam would be in the den, 
keeping tabs on him through the intercom. I recognized the sounds almost as soon as I came in the door. I 
had heard the soft moans quite often: Carin was moaning softly, deep in the throes of raw lust.

"Oh yes, yes, yes. Lick me. I love your tongue there. Oh, that's it. Make me cum. I love it when you eat me. 
Yes. Yes. My clit. Oh my clit."

There was more.

"That's it. Stick your finger in my ass. Fuck me there. Oh yes. Yes. Yessssssssss."

The sound was coming from the den. I was standing at the doorway to the room, facing the back of the 
couch. Molly was on it, kind of slunk down. I could see just the very top of her head, shaking lightly.

Carin was no where in sight. Could she be upstairs getting it on with someone while Molly was 
eavesdropping through the intercom?

The sound was too loud for that.

I crept forward. Now I could hear Molly moaning softly, no words, just guttural noises. She too was lost in 
sexual passion. It hit me. She was masturbating! I moved forward. Carin's voice became louder. Then I 
could see her, on the TV screen. She was completely nude on her back, a woman with long dark hair 
lapping away at her. Molly was watching a tape of my wife being eaten, fingering herself as she watched.

Molly's jeans were at her ankles, her fingers working feverishly beneath her simple white panties, white 
that is except for the dark stain at her crotch. Her sweatshirt and bra were pushed up over her tits and I 
could see the mounds of her firm, young flesh. Her nipples were extended slightly. Silently I ran my tongue 
over my lips. What I wouldn't give to suck on them.

My eyes darted from the screen to Molly and then back again. I didn't immediately recognize the person 
giving my wife so much pleasure, but then Carin helped me out. "Oh Sam you're so good. Eat me baby. Let 
me cum in your mouth. Stick your tongue deep in me.

I love it when you eat my pussy. I can't wait to watch Molly suck your cunt."

The tape took in the scene from different angles. It couldn't have been done from a tripod. Someone else 
was there taping Carin and Sam in their torrid lesbian encounter. It was Molly.

Carin put her hands on Samantha's head seeming to pull the girl into her pussy and cried out again as 
another orgasm shook through her.

My cock was almost tearing through my pants. It was all I could do to keep from gushing as I watched my 
wife on tape have two orgasms with a hot teenager and watch another teen, live and in person, bringing 
herself to a thunderous climax.

Then the tape stopped and Molly relaxed in front of me. She seemed to be expecting the pause.

Before I could do or say anything though a new picture appeared on the screen. Sam again. I recognized her 
because this time she was on her back. She was gently massaging her nude form. Then Molly joined her on 
the screen and the two of them began to hug and caress each other. Molly had on a too small red bra and 
equally skimpy pair of red thong panties. It didn't take Sam long to remove them. 

Sam pressed her mouth against Molly's chest, going from one nipple to the other. The camera angle showed 
Molly from the waist up, following Sam's mouth, but I could tell by the expression on Molly's face on the 
screen that Sam's hands were probably busy elsewhere.

"Why don't you eat her, Molly?" It was Carin off camera. 

Molly gently pushed Sam down onto the bed and spread her legs apart, preparing to feast on her dark-
haired muff.

"No," the off-screen voice said, "from behind."

Molly leaned back on her haunches as Sam shifted position. Sam was on her knees now, her tight ass facing 
the 15-year old. Molly reached forward and separated Sam's legs, then leaned in to sample her tasty cheeks.

"Oooh, ooooooh." It was Sam on screen, reacting as Molly's tongue found its mark. Molly had both hands 
on Sam's lean thighs and was pulling the older girl to her.  Molly's nose was pressed against Sam's asshole, 
her tongue seeking Sam's slit.

"Oh god. Lick my ass Stick your tongue in my ass. Finger my pussy. Fuck me."

Sam was quickly in passion. Molly pulled her face from Sam's cheeks and then leaned in again, slightly 
higher this time. Her mouth was once again between Sam's cheeks! She was sticking her tongue into Sam's 
puckered hole!

On the couch, the real live Molly had resumed her solo assault. She had both hands at her crotch and was 
frantically pushing her panties down. Her red cunt hairs glistened with her own moisture. She put her right 
hand over her mound, moving her left to her breasts. She began to rub her nipples fiercely as she drove her 
right hand between her thighs. I couldn't hold back any longer. I just had to have this hot teen.

I stepped forward and reached down, grabbing handfuls of her tits. She looked up, startled, but instead of 
crying out, began to moan, begging me to rub her tits, to suck on them.

I released her for an instant and moved to the other side of the couch, quickly pushing down my pants and 
underwear and stepping out of them. My cock jumped free and she smiled as she leaned forward to take it 
into her mouth. I was on top of her in an instant, my head between her legs and hers between mine.

I slurped greedily at her bush while she swallowed my engorged dick. We were both worked up and I came 
quickly, too quickly, filling her mouth with my spunk.

"I want you to fuck me," she said, licking the remains of my cum off of her lips.

I didn't know if I could but Molly quickly brought me back to life, wiggling her ass at me. I mounted her 
from behind, feeling my newly revived cock frictioning against the tight walls of her cunt. Each thrust 
seemed to make me harder and she had no complaints, urging me on. I felt her warm liquid surround my 
throbbing dick and then erupted myself, shooting another load of cum into her.

Molly fell forward and I followed, turning to the TV just in time to see Molly grinning from the screen, her 
face shining with Sam's juices.

Molly told me the tape had been made two weeks earlier. She had forgotten one of her schoolbooks and 
come to the house on one of her "off" days to retrieve it, letting herself in with the key we had given her. It 
was Sam's day to babysit and Molly found her in the bedroom with Carin. She just watched them and got 
hotter until, without saying a word, she took her clothes off and joined them. They were surprised at first 
but soon the three of them were sucking each other off.

It was Carin's idea to make a tape and she "directed" it. What was on the tape, Molly said, was only part of 
the action. After a while of taping they got hot for another threesome and abandoned the video-tape camera. 
Molly said off camera Carin fucked Sam with a strap-on while Sam ate her. Then, she said, she and Sam 
each put on a strap-on and fucked Carin, Molly getting to fuck her in the ass. 

Molly did though find a scene in which Carin ate her and showed it to me.

They'd been together a few times since then, Molly said, and she had been alone with Carin a couple of 
times. They were supposed to have a date for a threesome that night she said but now that was probably off.

I told Molly to get dressed and said she should come back at nine-after Pete was put down for the night-as 
planned. It might not be just a threesome, I added.

Carin got home about an hour later. She never looked sexier. Her short blonde hair framed her face and she 
was made up perfectly, almost as if she was expecting a date, or just returning from one. She was wearing a 
simple light blue wrap-around skirt-easy to remove I observed-which picked up the highlights in her blue 
eyes. Her top was simple too, a white pullover through which it would be easy to see her bra-if she were 
wearing one. Instead I could clearly see an outline of her tits and despite my session with Molly felt the 
cum welling up in my cock. I wanted her and quickly.

Carin went into the den, expecting Molly and was surprised to see me home. If she was disappointed 
because of the plans she had for the evening, she didn't show it. Instead she gave me a hug and playfully 
squeezed my growing dick.

"I was going to ask if you missed me," she grinned. "I'm glad to see, or should I say feel, you did."

I rubbed her back, confirming she was braless and then moved my hands to her chest, feeling her nipples 
harden.

"Do you want to see what I brought home for you?"

"I'd like to unwrap it."

With that, Carin dropped to her knees and pushed me back to the couch where just an hour earlier I had 
fucked the luscious Molly. It was working perfectly.

Carin reached into my pants, tugging at my cock as I pulled the shirt over her head, freeing her full tits. She 
lowered her head and quickly began to suck. I hadn't bothered to clean up after fucking Molly. It took Carin 
just an instant to realize my cock had been busy and another instant to realize where. Before she could say 
anything though I reached out for the remote and pressed. The TV came to life with the picture of  Carin 
eating Molly's succulent pussy.

"You've tasted that before," I said.

Carin just went back to work on my cock as I spun her around for my second 69 of the afternoon.

And, while I knew she had not been wearing a bra, I hadn't realized she also wasn't wearing panties. I 
wondered briefly where she had been but her pussy tasted so sweet. Well...

It has long been my fantasy to have Carin there while I fucked another woman and then watch her clean my 
spunk out of the other woman's cunt. I was almost there. I had fucked the young Molly and here was Carin 
cleaning my dick, licking the mixture of my cum and Molly's juices off of my stiff rod. And, she was going 
to get a fresh load.

I might have wanted to fuck her right there, but just as I shot my load into her throat and felt her juices 
coating my tongue, we heard Pete stir. Timing is everything.

We fed and bathed the baby and played with him until he was ready to sleep again. I told Carin what I had 
seen that afternoon, what Molly told me and that I knew she expected company.

"Molly and Sam won't mind that you're here," she grinned. "At least I'm sure Molly won't."

Sam arrived first wearing her sexiest come-fuck-me clothes. She had on a short skirt which barely covered 
her ass and blouse which buttoned down the front. She had three buttons open and I could see her very 
frilly bra. If it hadn't been that she lived next door to us, I would have been surprised that she would go out 
in the street that way.

Carin had told the girl's mother that she had to attend a dinner that evening and would need a sitter 
overnight. Since she had done that before, neither mother was concerned.

Sam seemed a bit embarrassed but relaxed considerably when Molly arrived moments later. I noticed that 
when she greeted the older girl, Molly slipped her hand beneath Sam's skirt. Molly had on a pair of tight 
jeans which seemed to show each dimple of her thighs and ass. She too had on a blouse which buttoned up 
the front but no hint of a bra. I understood why just moments after she arrived when she removed the 
blouse to reveal a tight-fitting tank top barely containing her tits. The blouse had been a concession to her 
mother.

After groping Sam and shedding her conservative cover-up, Molly gave me a kiss, shoving her tongue deep 
into my mouth. If it bothered Carin, she was too busy wrapping her arms around Sam to show it.

Sam began to get more comfortable and I found myself staring at her legs, wondering what might be under 
her skirt.

"Molly and I already checked," Carin said seeming to read my mind, "she's not wearing panties."

Sam reddened.

"It's all right, Sam. Steve found Molly watching our tape, Carin said soothing.

"I've always preferred live performances," I added.

With that, Molly moved to Sam and began to resume fondling the leggy brunette. Sam began to moan 
softly returning the attention. In a few moments it seemed as if the two teens forgot we were there, with 
clothes quickly flying around the den.

Sam was even sexier in person than on the tape. After Molly undressed her-and Carin and I took off our 
clothes-Molly began to suck on Sam's small breasts. I got to Sam's slit before Carin did and began  to 
nuzzle against her sweet pussy. Carin moved up on Sam, straddling her face and in a moment the three of 
us were all working on the sexy seventeen year old.

Sucking her pussy was one thing, but I wanted to feel her tight cunt around my cock. Sam wanted it too.

"Oh please stick it in me, fuck me," she said between licks of Carin's slippery twat.

I slipped two fingers into her, swabbing up some of the combination of her juices and my saliva, using it to 
coat my dick. I positioned myself between her legs, gently separating them. Her pussy winked up at me, 
invitingly and I pressed the head of my cock against her, feeling it being sucked into her hot gash. She 
groaned as I sank my pole further into her.

It was just the two of us. Molly and Carin were on the floor licking each other with Molly on top.

I was pumping into Sam now grateful for the two loads of cum I had shot off earlier in the day. I wasn't 
going to finish too quickly.

Sam was grateful too as she grabbed on to me and I could feel her spasm. She came twice before I 
exploded into her, exhausted.

Molly and Carin meanwhile had switched positions-and equipment. When I looked at them, Molly was on 
her back and Carin, sporting a thick dildo, was thrusting in and out of her until Molly cried out announcing 
her climax. 

After a brief rest we took turns with each other-and the toys, interrupting only to check on Pete.

During one of the breaks Carin surprised Molly and Sam-and me-by telling us she was thinking of hiring a 
new sitter since Sam would be going off to college in the fall. She said she would need Sam though to help 
in the selection process. It seems a new family had moved in down the street and Carin noticed they had a 
14-year-old daughter. We smiled at the thought.

