A Little Bit Of Suzan In The Sand
by Dvolba

She goes nude on the edge of town.

Sometimes you end up in a situation and you wonder how you ended up there. Take me for example. I'm lying on my belly balancing on a white plastic garden chair. It is well after midnight, and it is not even my own garden. I'm a classic case of face down, ass up. It's quite a display, I must admit. There are some people nearby who luckily didn't notice me yet. Probably the owners of the house. Oh, did I mention I'm fully nude, terrified, and horny as hell?

All right, I'll start at the beginning. For a long time, I had this fantasy about public nudity. Not the walk-around-in-broad-daylight shameless exhibitionism but more like the I-want-to-sneak-around-unseen-in-places-where-people-are kind of nudity. After all I'm smart enough to know the risks and consequences of being indecent in public. Also, I'm kind of shy and would never consciously show my naked body to strangers. But the risk of getting caught, that's what gets me going.

Sorry for being rude. Let me introduce myself: I'm Suzan, a 22-year-old Caucasian girl. I stand about 1,62 meters tall, have a slender figure and I have big green doe-eyes. I'm not overly thin or sporty but I have a natural hourglass-shaped body due to my healthy lifestyle. My blonde hair is straight and reaches just below my shoulders, or atop my boobs depending how you look at me. Speaking of my breasts they are a decent C-cup: round, and a bit bouncy. My skin is fair and silky smooth. I have a sweet face and lush lips, nothing enhanced. Generally, I like to keep things natural, therefore I keep my makeup to a minimum.

I think it's wrong to say about yourself you are pretty, yet I think I am. Even though I'm shy and a bit of a nerd I have had my share of male attention so far. I've dated boyfriends and had sex, recently I had a fling which lasted a couple of weeks. However, I tend to fancy intelligence and smart guys are usually not the type to approach a hot-but-shy girl. So yeah, currently I'm single. My body craved attention for some time and that's what got me in the current situation. After today I probably had enough action for a while.

I planned for this little sex-adventure carefully. The area I was looking for was urban. Walking around naked in the woods without any risk seemed a bit pointless. On the other hand, I didn't want to take off my clothes in the middle of a city. I didn't want to be seen; I wanted the risk of being seen. A town's edge with a nearby woodland would be perfect. I preferred to do this after dark, on a summer night so I could wear only minimal clothing beforehand without raising any suspicion. Close to a highway would be great. I didn't mind driving to my adventure but spending a long time on the road would kill the mood.

I found the perfect spot in a small satellite town. Every Thursday evening I'm visiting friends in a nearby city. This town is right on the highway, and I would be passing it by on my way home. There is a neighborhood on the south-east with small houses which is lined with villas. Beyond them there is a forest area with a sand plain. A bike path is running past the sand and through the forest all the way to the next town. There would be enough places to hide and hopefully some rich people who might have a shot at seeing a naked girl running around.

Visiting my friends was a blast, I always have a great time with them. While I was there, I completely forgot about my second agenda for the night. Just before midnight I left for, what they thought, home. I was driving to the highway when I remembered my naughty plan. Within an hour I would be naked and outdoors in public. Shivers ran down my back thinking of it and my nipples hardened. The prospect was both exciting and scary at the same time. However, the excitement was having the upper hand as butterflies stirred in my stomach.

My outfit consisted of a laced white top and a cute yellow skirt with floral patterns which stopped well above my knees. I wore sneakers for driving, and I expected my shoes to get quite dirty. It was still warm outside, so I enjoyed my breezy outfit. Being alone in the car, it wouldn't hurt to prepare a bit for my adventure.

As I parked, one hand slid under my skirt and up my leg. I felt a tingling sensation in my belly. I killed the engine and turned off the headlights. For a moment I looked around to ensure I was alone, then I hooked my thumbs behind the thin fabric of my panties and slid them down.

Goosebumps formed on my arms from a chilling sensation between my legs. I was a little moist from the anticipation and slipping down my panties briefly opened my skirt to the cold flow from the car's air-conditioning. I giggled and adjusted my position to let another stream of air lick at my womanhood. It was like standing naked outside in a breeze, but colder.

I shifted in my seat and put my arms behind my back to unhook my bra. I picked one which came off easily and wiggled it away from under my top. Up close one would see my nipples poking at the fabric of my top, but not from a distance and surely not while I was in my car.

Having gotten rid of my underwear I continued my way. Building anticipation, I turned to the highway and drove towards my destination. The closer I got, the slower I drove. I was getting quite a bit more anxious. "Am I really going to do this?", I thought to myself.

Yet, I was determined, and more important, horny. I would have to be naked before I allowed myself to go home. In my mind I was already walking in the sleeping town on full nude display. There would be no one around except for this one, big guy who would come over wearing only jeans. Showing off his abs and strong arms. Taking a position behind me, pulling my hair and slowly...

"No! That's not what's happening. No one can see me tonight!", I whispered to the windshield. Knowing myself I would probably take my top off when I got there and masturbate furiously behind a bush, while not having the courage to take a single step away from my clothes. I would be coming undone in five minutes and be heading home disappointed. I was never really the daring type.

I did dream of public nudity before, but never had the nerve to do it. Yet, my last attempt was years ago, I turned back when I couldn't work up the courage. I had grown more confident since, mostly due to my more developed feminine shape. Confidence is sexy. I was going to rock being naked and outdoors after dark; my pussy tingled.

I fired up the engine and got on the highway. When I reached the small town's exit, I contemplated for a second whether I shouldn't just go home and get some sleep. However, my hands automatically switched on the turning signal and I left the highway. I drove past a bit of forest which separated the highway from the town, and where the sand plain would be. I took the first turn on a roundabout and drove into the neighborhood. There I turned into a small street and further into a small parking bay. This was where I could leave my car for a while without raising any suspicion.

Minutes ticked by as I sat motionless in the car. Then I worked up the nerve to get out of the car. My bare ass was hidden only by a short skirt, and it made me feel extremely visible to the outside world. In truth, the skirt was long enough to hide my decency as long as I wasn't jumping around wildly or bending over to touch my toes. I opened the car door and the light inside the car sprung to life. Cursing myself I yanked the door shut and flipped the light switch. Again, I sat there frozen and anticipating. God, my nerves were killing me.

After what felt like another eternity, I opened the car door. I got a plastic shopping bag from my purse and the car key from the ignition. Then I got out of the car, locked it, and dropped the key in the plastic bag. Without the support of my bra, my boobs jiggled a bit in my top; I was very aware of this. Then I turned on my heels and started walking out of the car park. While planning, I had seen a bus-only street from where I could go to the bigger houses lining the neighborhood. From there I could go onto the sandy area and into the shrubs where I would leave my clothes.

As I walked down the bus-street I noticed a figure walking my way. Flashbacks appeared of my cute guy in jeans and my heartbeat quickened, only until I noticed it was an elderly man walking his dog. Unconsciously my hands checked whether my skirt was hiding my innocence, which it was. Looking down briefly I checked if my nipples were decently obscured. I must've looked very nervous as the man noticed me and nodded. "Good night" he said gently, to which I replied beneath my breath. While adjusting my skirt I had briefly brushed over my womanhood, it had tingled happily in reply. I was so horny.

I passed by the first villa and took a right. On my left there was the forest, on my right, there were the bigger houses. My destination was close, I realized, as I sped up my pace. The path I was walking on now was for pedestrians and cyclists only. It was lined with streetlights, which would prove a sexy challenge later.

Then I arrived at a crossing where the line of houses continued along a street to the right. On my left there was the forest and an unlit path. Before me were the bike path and the sand plain, where I would undress. The waxing moon shone bright on the sand, giving the bordering trees a whitish hue.

Following the bike path, I passed a hill to my right. The hill hid me from the big houses across the road and for the first time this night I was certain nobody would be able to see me. Maybe if I was standing on top of the hill, but definitely not on the path where I was now. Past the hill I could look out over the sand plain.

I stopped for a moment for my eyes to adjust to the darkness before stepping onto the sand. I walked parallel to the bike path and passed another hill. Then I noticed the shrubs I had seen when planning my adventure. I would be out of view for both the bike path and the houses. Here I would undress.

Carefully I stepped into the shrubs and looked around. My eyes had adjusted to the darkness, and I was able to see quite well. There was no movement anywhere to be seen. There was no cyclist nor anyone walking a dog to be seen. I was alone. "Let's do this" I whispered to myself.

I checked if my car key was still in the bag, feeling it's familiar shape I put the bag on the ground between the shrubs. My hands lightly touched my clothes as my heart was pounding in my throat. I hesitated for a moment and wondered how to start. Then I grabbed a hold of the fabric at the bottom of my top, raised my hands above my head and bared my chest. My breasts tumbled out of my top and my nipples, feeling the sweet caress of the summer night's breeze, hardened.

Putting my top in the bag I cringed at the sound it made. A plastic shopping bag seemed terribly loud in the dead of night. Instinctively I covered my breasts with my arms and listened. An owl cried in the distance. Nothing happened for long seconds, and I relaxed a bit. I lowered my arms, baring my nipples again. It felt good to have my breasts uncovered. Meanwhile my hands wandered to my skirt, stubbornly resisting the urge to masturbate myself to heaven there and then.

I hooked my thumbs behind the seam of my skirt as butterflies stirred in my stomach. Slowly I pushed the band down onto my hips, stretching the fabric. Even lower it went and I bared the top of my feminine mound. I stopped teasingly for a second before sliding the band over my hips and below my pussy. My public hair was shaved to be as nude as I could be. Pussy lips moist and slightly swollen from excitement, were uncovered. Further down the fabric went until it dropped to the ground, I stepped out of my skirt.

Naked, except for my sneakers, I stood after midnight on the edge of an unfamiliar town. My left hand grabbed my left boob and my right hand started to move to my pussy. I pinched my nipple as fingers grazed my womanhood and I softly moaned in pleasure. It felt fantastic. Sudden rustling in the trees above me snapped my attention back to reality. A startled bird disappeared in the night. I stood frozen for seconds, one hand squeezing my breast, the other on my sex, legs slightly apart.

Recollecting myself I took my hands from my body. I wasn't planning to end the night early. It had to be daring and adventurous, not pathetic. Out of nowhere I stepped forward. My eyes darted to the shopping bag. Everything was where it should be. Another step forward, and another, until I stepped away from the shrubs. I breathed and forced myself to calm down a bit, while suppressing the urge to touch myself. I looked at the bike path, took a deep breath, and urged myself to move.

I walked into the light of the lamppost close to the edge of the path. This act made me feel more visible than taking my clothes off altogether. My milky skin seemed to shine in the darkness, and I would stand out against the darkness of the trees. However, two sandy hills on both sides obscured me from being seen from further down the path in two directions. The sand plain was behind me, making me a mere silhouette to midnight spectators. The lamppost was the midnight spotlight to my naughty play.

Squeezing my breasts with both hands a soft moan escaped my lips. I arched my back, leaned forward, and stepped sideways to spread my legs. My right hand moved to stroke my belly and tease my womanhood. I closed my eyes and felt the light breeze tickle my body. My fingers felt the wetness welling between my thighs. I stroked my outer lips a little harder. A soft buzzing appeared in my head as I imagined aroused spectators for my one-woman show. I slipped a finger into myself and moaned.

Pinching my left nipple sent a wave of pleasure through me, and I shuddered. The buzzing grew louder as I slipped in another finger. I pinched my other nipple, and more waves of pleasure made their way down my belly. My pussy made soft plopping sounds as I moved my fingers in and out. I moaned a little louder as I increased the speed of my fingering. Then slowly the realization hit me that the buzzing sound wasn't coming from within me, but it was caused by a scooter driving towards me at speed.

Opening my eyes wide, time seemed to slow down. I saw a bright beam of light illuminating the entire bike path before me. The shadow of the hill quickly receded in my direction. I stood there frozen, naked with my back arched and my legs wide, squeezing my boobs and fingers deep in my glistering, wet pussy. Only one thought crossed my mind: "Run!".

I turned to run. It might've drawn attention to my nudity, but it was the best I could think of. Blinded by the streetlight I took a wild step on the sand. From the corner of my eye, I saw rapid movement behind the hill. Preparing for the next step I noticed my right foot was caught behind a root sticking out of the sand. In an uncontrolled motion I hurled myself forward. I fell flat on my belly in the sand with a thud. My legs still spread, displaying my ass and the wet, excited lips of my pussy to anyone behind me.

Closing my eyes, I prepared for the worst. My mind was already picturing this big, muscled biker getting off his ride, baring his manhood and taking me as the whore I was. Any second I would hear his heavy boots hit the asphalt as he would move toward me. He would pin me by the neck and squeeze my breasts painfully with big hands. As my mind drifted, I realized the scooter had passed by without anyone noticing me. I must've been incredibly lucky, or maybe my milky skin and blonde hair did blend in surprisingly well with the sand I was lying in.

Sitting up I brushed the sand off my breasts. My heart was racing, and my pussy throbbing. I realized how close I had come to exposing myself to a stranger. While I loved the idea, my inner voice scolded me for taking unnecessary risks. What if this person saw me? What if he really had bad intentions? I could've been seriously hurt, or worse. I had to be more careful from now on.

"I should just call it a night and go home." I whispered into the night. But the strong tingling sensation in my nether regions told me I wasn't ready to go home at all. I had promised myself to be naked 'in town'. So far, I still didn't make it more than a stone's throw away off my clothes. This close encounter was exactly the kind of thrill I was looking for, and I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it.

Brushing the sand off my buttocks I stood up. Instinctively covering my breasts and womanhood with my hands I listened for the sound of other unexpected scooters or cyclists. The silence was pressing, as if the world held its breath waiting for the nude girl to make up her mind.

I carefully stepped back to the edge of the bike path and peeked around the hill. No lights in the distance, everything seemed to be safe. I relaxed a bit and let my arms rest at my sides. While waiting a few more second, the warm midnight wind caressed my breasts. My nipples hardened again, and I felt the urge to move on.

Stepping on the bike path felt like walking onto a stage. The imaginary crowd cheered me on as I made a little pirouette on the pavement. I started walking in the direction of the neighborhood. Growing a little uneasy by the fact that I couldn't get off the path as I passed the sandy hill. The undergrowth wasn't too dense, but I didn't fancy the idea of scampering blindly onto the hill if another scooter appeared. Increasing my pace, I spotted the crossing I passed by earlier. There would be a dark path to the right. This would make a nice place to hide would it prove necessary.

There was another streetlight over the crossing. I would be visible from the left street running past the villas but at least the buildings themselves were obscured by trees. Feeling a bit too on-display I dashed onto the dark road. For a second, I was visible under the light of the lamppost, shoes hitting the pavement and bare breasts bouncing, then I was engulfed in the darkness of the unlit road. I swiveled around to see if anyone had spotted me from the opposing street. There was no one.

Still feeling the rush from almost getting caught and the short sprint made me unconsciously squeeze my boobs with both hands. I turned on my heels and peered down the dark road, there I couldn't see a thing. Where the moon would provide some illumination on the sand plain, no light but the lamppost's pierced the canopy over this path. A shiver ran down my spine as I imagined a madman jumping from the darkness and having his way with me. "No worries, there's no one out there." I thought to myself.

I slid my right hand down from my breast to my pussy and started rubbing in some bravery. The path looked less threatening as I pinched my nipple and let a soft moan escape my lips. I turned back to the crossing and moved carefully out of the darkness, while continuing to rub my womanhood. Again, I looked left and right down the bike path, before slipping back onto the road into town. I left the light of the lamppost behind and embraced the safety of darkness once more.

My clothes were beginning to feel distant, but I loved this liberating sensation of walking naked outside. On my left I passed backyards. My pussy tingled intensely when I saw the upper-floor windows. This was really the border between the woods and the urban area. On my right was a line of trees and, if I remembered correctly, a field was running parallel to the cycle path I was on, with two openings in the tree line. Playfully I turned to the windows and spread my arms and legs, baring it all to the hidden onlookers.

The lights in the windows were out so I reasoned that if there would be anyone home, they would be vast asleep by now. I spun around and bent forward from the hips. I showed my bottom to the windows in the most pin-up-girl fashion I could produce. For a moment I considered finishing myself off there but the encounter with the scooter was a little too close for comfort, so I wanted to get off the bike path at least. I gave my boobs a squeeze and continued walking into town.
