Initiation into Alpha Zeta Zeta
byandrewmoocow©

My name is Amber Martinez. I have enrolled at J. Oscar University and trying to decide on the sorority I should join. All of them were very welcoming as I heard but I couldn't decide which one was for me.

I guess I should describe myself before we get to the good stuff. My mother's a chef that cooks for fancy parties and my dad is an accountant so we're sort of well off and thanks to Dad, I'm quite smart. As for me, I'm about 6'2", weigh 99 pounds, a natural redhead with hair going neck-length & blue eyes and I always keep myself in shape. People love saying how I fill out nicely and I have to say, they're right. Guys often ogled at my 38C boobs, my big round ass and long legs. I have dated a few nice guys before but they weren't my type.

Just then, my phone started ringing. It was my older brother Peter, a big shot football player, captain of his team the Catfishes and the self-proclaimed hero of our family. We do tease each other sometimes but we do love each other. Picking it up, I heard his familiar voice on the other end. "Hey sis, how's college going?" he asked. "It's going good Pete, but I can't decide on which sorority I should join." I moaned falling flat on my dorm bed. "What do you think is right for me, Omicron Kappa or Tau Pi Omega?"

"I've got a suggestion for you. How about Alpha Zeta Zeta?" Peter offered. "What's that? And why do I have the feeling the name is some sort of sexual pun?" I snarked. "They call it the Bare Babes Sorority. Any girl who walks in wanting to join them, comes out hesitant to wear clothes."

"Is this a perverted fantasy of yours? I did see your porn a few times." I stated. "No, this is a real thing! One of my teammates has a cousin who went to J. Oscar & met them, he said they were all really hot." Peter stated. "But they're also really chill and willing to accept any new members as well, as long as they followed their rules."

"Well, if you say so bro. Maybe I'll check it out after my classes tomorrow." I finally gave in with a sigh. "Great, text me when you get in. Now if you'll excuse me, we lost a game and my team's gonna TP the away team's coach's house!" he shouted before finally hanging up. "Don't get into too much trouble big guy."

I put down my phone and looked at myself in the mirror. I knew I was hot but I wasn't really sure if I could qualify as a nudist. After studying some calculus and a quick shower, I finally turned in for the night.

—

The next day after my last class, I made a note to visit this enigmatic sorority. "That's enough for today everyone! Be sure to study for the big test next week and happy Friday!" my calc teacher Mr. Howard announced. He looked like an average middle-aged college teacher but he was a decent enough guy.

But I still needed directions to get to AZZ, so I walked up to the nearest security guard who was making his rounds on a Segway. "Excuse me sir, can you tell me where the house of Alpha Zeta Zeta is? I want to check it out and see if I can join them." I asked sheepishly, hoping the guard wouldn't get suspicious. "You want to join those girls?" he asked pulling off his sunglasses in awe. "Yes, my brother suggested them to me last night."

"Well, if you insist ma'am." The guard took out a pen & paper and handed it to me, having written the number 618 on it. "Good luck there kid, but make sure to think up a safe word!" I couldn't understand what he meant by that, but at least he put me in the right direction. I walked off to the address of the house, determined to see for myself.

—

"Lemme see, 614, 615, 616, 617..." I mumbled to myself walking down the block and examining all the houses. "Ah, here's 618!"

The two-story house itself looked normal enough with white outer walls, maroon-shingled roof and a few dorky looking garden gnomes on the lawn. But from all the movies I've watched, I've learned that even the most ordinary things are not what they seem. I dreaded what these girls could be like and considered turning back. Peter did say they were friendly, but what if they were the types that preferred rough-play or craved sex with anyone? I tried to set my fears aside as I finally rang the doorbell and was met with a familiar face.

"Amber, is that you?!" my best friend Karen Mishra exclaimed opening the door. Being of Indian and Asian descent, she has olive skin, green eyes, black hair and much bigger breasts than mine, about 33DD. The two of us had been friends since third grade and regardless of our differences, we were inseparable. While I was a total bookworm, she liked to have fun but we became friends because of our shared love of pizza.

I was shocked to see her here, and especially wearing what looked like a thick velvet bathrobe with the house's initials on the left side. "OMG Karen, what are you doing here? And what's with the bathrobe?" I asked gazing at her current attire, especially how much cleavage she showed off. "Oh I forgot to tell you. I just joined this AZZ place and they're really cool. You should come in and meet everyone. But first..."

She pulled me inside the house and into a deep kiss, pulling off my sweatshirt along with it. "Karen, I didn't realize you swung that way." I gasped as she released me from her grasp. "I've felt this way since senior year. I haven't told my folks yet because I'm a bit too nervous. They are very open-minded, like when my uncle Yama married his plumber, but I'm not sure if they're ready to accept that their baby girl is a lesbian yet. So I decided it would be perfect to come out to you."

"Congrats Kare, but did you really need to do it like that?" I said sitting down on the really comfy couch, big enough to fit six people, while she sat down on the recliner, both facing a cutting-edge flatscreen TV. "So anyway, what's with the bathrobe?" I asked making myself comfortable. "Okay Amby, you asked for it!"

She rose from the easy chair and untied her robe, letting it fall to the floor and exposing her bare body right before my eyes. Aside from her large chest capped with dark nipples, she had an hourglass figure with wide hips, a big, sexy tight butt, toned legs from regular visits to the gym, a slight six-pack on her stomach and a small bush above her slit. "My brother was right, you are nudists!" I exclaimed. "So what, you planning to convert me?"

"Maybe, but I wanna introduce you to the other girls then we'll give you a tour of the place." Karen stated. "Hey girls, we got a guest!" She called for someone upstairs and just then, four other girls just as naked as her came rushing down.

The first girl had blonde hair, green eyes, tits larger than mine but smaller than Karen and some red lipstick applied, but her coolest feature were a pair of diamond-studded nipple piercings. The second had perky B-cups, a permanently smiling face and purple locks that were no doubt dyed. Third was a babe with pale skin, pink hair that must've also been dyed, yellow eyes and a full bush down there. Finally there was the fourth one with platinum blonde hair styled into a ponytail, darkened skin from tanning and a tattoo saying "Fuck me, I'm on the pill" on her left forearm.

"Amber, I'd like you meet my fellow AZZ nudists." Karen began introducing the four girls. "This is Stacy Johnson, the leader of our bunch hence the nipple piercings." She grasped the blonde's jugs and began copping a feel, making her moan in ecstasy. "This is her girlfriend Emily East. They've been an item since high school." The purple-haired girl giggled before stroking her girlfriend's pussy. "This is Harriet Kimberly. Best stay away from her when she gets horny." The pink-haired girl rolled her eyes and flipped me off before sucking on that finger. "And finally, Bonnie Leonard. When she first heard about this place, she jumped at the chance as she already was a nudist."

"So who's the new girl Karen?" Bonnie asked looking me over, getting good looks at my legs, ass and the boobs I hid underneath my tanktop. "I'm Amber Martinez, Karen's best friend." I introduced myself shaking the girls' hands. Although they were nice enough to welcome me into their home, it still felt strange shaking hands with a bunch of naked girls.

"So Amber, you wanna take the tour?!" Emily exclaimed eager to welcome a new member of their nude crew. "Okay I guess. Do I have to strip down first?" I wondered hooking a finger into my yoga pants. "Oh don't worry kid, I'll get you naked as we go along. It's how we welcomed Karen." Harriet declared sensually glaring at me. "It's true, it was utterly wonderful." Karen stated. "Now let Stacy do the honors."

"Gladly Karen." Stacy thanked her fellow naturist. "This is our sitting room where we discuss a variety of topics like feminism, body positivity and the occasional episode of Silicon Valley." Just then, Harriet sat me down on the recliner and relieved me of my Sketchers. "Sketchers, eh? What are you, eleven?" she snarked tossing them away. "You won't be needing those here. But then again, you won't be needing any coverings when indoors here."

"I got another question to ask. Do you go naked outside too?" I asked, to the shock of the other girls. "No we don't! We may be nudists but we ain't exhibitionists!" Emily shouted. "Ms. East is right. When this sorority was first established, J. Oscar allowed us to be nude if we wore clothing outside. We also wear specially made bathrobes whenever guests come over." Stacy explained. "However during the summertime whenever it's incredibly hot they do allow us to go nude as long as no boys tried to get it on with us."

"But you said you weren't exhibitionists." I stated before Emily got in my face again. "That's beside the point! Besides, being naked does save up on laundry. Now let's get on with the tour!" She spun around and headed out of the sitting area with the other girls following behind. Regardless of the slight hypocrisy around here, I guess Peter was right about them being nice. However, I couldn't stop Harriet from staring at my ass. I was a bit creeped out, but it was a nice bubble butt anyway.

—

"This is our dining area. It's exactly what you think it is, plus it has a kitchen attached right out there." Bonnie said pointing to the standard kitchenware like a refrigerator, stove, microwave, sink and cupboards. "I do most of the cooking since I am a great cook."

"No way, I'm a pretty good cook too thanks to my mother!" I exclaimed. "Good, maybe you can help me with your initiation dinner." the ponytail girl said as Harriet pulled off my yoga pants without me even noticing. "Also, can you please step outta those pants?" I looked down to discover I was wearing nothing but my black cotton panties. "Wow, and I didn't even notice!"

"Yeah, I like doing that a lot." Harriet said with a lecherous smirk. "You're gonna love this next part, we go to it all the time." Harriet tossed my pants away and opened the screen door that led to a large in-ground swimming pool with a few deck chairs, a diving board, some toys nearby, a big hot tub right next to it and surprisingly enough, a lifeguard chair above the pool. "This is our swimming pool! We've commissioned it for water aerobics and well, to just have fun."

"It looks really pretty, but what's with the lifeguard chair?" I inquired pointing to the wooden seat. "Oh yeah, that. Harriet's also our personal lifeguard." Karen said. "You wanna take a dip with us?"

"Okay then, but I'm feeling a bit overdressed if you know what I mean." I joked with a wide smile. "Here, lemme help you with that." Harriet tore off my tanktop exposing my black sports bra and leaving me in nothing but my underwear.

"Last one in's a rotten egg!" Emily cried diving headfirst into the pool with Bonnie and Karen laughing loudly as they jumped in after her. "If you insist!" I shouted stepping onto the diving board and splashed in. When my head returned to the surface, I saw Harriet looking down at me from her lifeguard chair wearing only a whistle. "Stay safe babes!"

—

The pooltime fun lasted long into the early hours of the night when the moon shone upon the area, more specifically four naked girls having some wet and wild antics. "Hey, hope you're good at serving!" Emily shouted as they engaged in a round of volleyball. Harriet served as the referee while Stacy sat down on one of the chairs reading a book.

The girls continued giggling while Harriet sat on the ground wading her feet in the chlorinated water. She turned her gaze upward at the moon taking note of the crescent shape before blowing into her whistle. "Okay girls, we've had our fun but we still gotta get on with the tour!" she shouted as all the other girls groaned and got out of the pool. "But we almost won!" I complained as they all dried off. "That's okay Amby, you were doing pretty well anyway." Bonnie complimented me with a proud smile. I didn't know what to make of her using Karen's nickname for me, but it was nice anyway.

"Hey, your underwear's all wet too. You okay with finally going full-on bare now?" Harriet commented on my soaking wet undergarments. "At this rate, I might as well have to." I said as the others turned away. "You can look all you want! Just don't try and make it creepy."

With only a few clicks of the buckles on my underwear, I was finally naked as the day I was born right in front of my best friend and fellow nudists. It felt awesome. My hands began touching my big boobs, my erect nipples, my hot ass, my sexy legs and even unknowingly my already sopping wet pussy. "So how do you like it babe?" Karen asked. "Just wonderful. I'm already getting turned on just by us being naked together."

"That's great sweetie, now let's all shower off and have dinner." Stacy declared walking back inside. "Speaking of which, the second floor will also be our next stop."

—

"Wow, this bathroom is the bomb!" I exclaimed taking in the rather fancy lavatory. "And the shower seems like a whole other room!"

"Oh yes, the walk-in shower is of course very spacious." Stacy stated. "We forgot to tell you she's super rich, which is why this house looks so pretty and how she got her piercings!" Emily added. "Well, I'm just about ready to hit the showers and get dinner ready." Bonnie declared walking to the shower, making sure her hips swung side to side, showing off her ass. Turning on the water, she beckoned the rest of us in. "Come on in, we got some high-class soap in here!"

We all giggled stepping inside the shower and each under a faucet. I took in the sights before me of all these hot naked girls getting all wet as I began lotioning myself. Turning to spy on Emily, her purple hair-dye was almost no more revealing a scalp covered in red locks just like mine, while Harriet's dye began disappearing to show signs of brown.

When we finished showering, we all dried off while Emily & Harriet took turns reapplying their hair dyes. "So what do you want for dinner guys?" I asked my new sisters. "Y'know, I am in the mood for something cheesy." Stacy answered putting on an extra coat of lipstick. "Like pizza?" Karen added. "Amber and I love pizza, it's how we became best friends in the first place!"

"That's a great idea! But no pineapple on my slice, I just don't get the combination of flavors." Emily said. "And I'd like mine with pepperoni." Harriet added. "Anchovies for me!" Karen said before we awkwardly stared at her. "What, they got protein and Vitamin D."

"And I'll take mine with peppers." Stacy broke the silence. "I like my pizza with sausage." I stated. "And as for me, I'll have onions." Bonnie said. "Well, let's get this pizza rolling!"

We all cheered marching out of the bathroom and downstairs to the kitchen.

—

"I just can't wait for it to be done, I'm so hungry!" Emily exclaimed impatiently bouncing up and down for the pizza to finish, each slice topped with our chosen toppings. "Patience is a virtue as they always say sweetie." Stacy calmed her with a peck on the cheek. "I got an idea, why don't you show me your rooms while we wait?" I suggested. "That sounds delightful Amber. We have a few empty rooms so maybe you can make one of them yours." Karen said.

Taking me upstairs, the first room I was shown was, of course, Karen's. There were various pictures of motorcycles, boy bands, video games and pizza covering the ceiling, a closet full of spare bathrobes plus regular clothes for going outside the house, a stereo system hooked up to the wall and to top it all off, the bed itself, looking somewhat dingy but still able to stay in one piece.

"Wow, your room's really cool Kare!" I exclaimed. "You bet your fine ass it is!" she replied with a hand smacking my butt. "What was that for?" I asked rubbing my ass. "Each member gets to spank your ass for each room we visit, that's the penultimate part of initiation." Bonnie explained. "Now if you'll excuse me, I'm gonna go check on the pizza."

She walked downstairs back to the kitchen as we moved onto the next room, Emily's. It was littered with the color pink, rainbows and all sorts of cute things. "Wow, it's so adorable my eyes are gonna burn!" I laughed pretending to shield myself as if I were faced with an extremely bright object. "Why thank you Amby!" Emily thanked me and smacked my booty. Two down, three to go. I can already tell my new sisters have the hots for me.

The next room we visited was Stacy's, and damn was it fancy! A large queen sized bed lined with gemstones, a vanity mirror next to it, ornate gold designs decorating the walls and even a stuffed deer head hanging over her closet. "If you're wondering about the deer head, my father bought it from a big game hunter." Stacy remarked while becoming the third girl to spank me.

"So what happens when everyone has spanked me?" I asked. "Oh you'll see babe." Bonnie stated coming back to us, hinting at what could be to come. Next was Harriet's room which had a big Beatles poster on the wall with a blue Rickenbacker against it, a life-sized model of a Vespa scooter and a couple of bean bags. "Hey, I wonder what's under one of your beanbags?" I asked stepping towards a red one and preparing to pick it up before I let out a loud yelp, feeling Harriet smacking my ass. "That's for later babe, and your hot ass too." She kissed the spot on my butt where she had spanked it, making me feel good all over.

Finally there was Bonnie's room. A miniature gym to tone that almost Amazonian body of hers, a body pillow laying on her bed and a drum kit right next to us. "Well, you know what's coming sweetie." she declared, marking herself the final person to spank me. "Now come on, let's eat pizza and then we can complete your initiation."

All throughout the tour, I only became more turned on. All of these sexy girls taking off my clothes and spanking me are making me eager for the end of initiation.

—

"So who would you fuck, marry or kiss between Chris Pratt, Chris Hemsworth and Chris Evans?" Bonnie asked as we all sat down to eat our pizza and watch a movie. "Lemme think for a bit." I began musing before Emily perked up. "Fuck Hemsworth, fuck Hemsworth!" she squealed. "I mean, those Aussie abs man!"

"I'd marry Evans. It'd pretty much be like hooking up with Captain America." Harriet added, not even caring about getting sauce or cheese all over her bare body. "I'd probably kiss Pratt." Stacy said. "I enjoyed him in Parks and Recreation, but I think it's best to leave him be after his divorce with Anna."

"So what movie is this?" I asked Karen. "You're telling me you never watched Alien?! It's only one of the most kickass sci-fi horror movies ever!" she shouted. "No, those types of movies where characters you find yourself attached to getting killed off just aren't my thing." Just then there was a scene where the dreaded Xenomorph came on screen and we all screamed holding each other close.

I could feel Karen's cumbersome chest squishing mine. It felt strange, we were both attractive and had big boobs but colliding with one another while naked felt rather odd yet arousing.

When the movie finally ended, all the girls got up and faced me. "Well now that we've gotten you used to the place, you want to join us?" Karen asked. "Yeah, I never felt being naked would be so much fun!" I exclaimed feeling even more lustful than ever. "I think she's ready." Bonnie whispered to Stacy & Harriet. "Good. Harri, get the toys." The pink-haired girl nodded and raced upstairs.

"What's Harriet up to?" I wondered before Stacy grabbed me by the arm. "Oh you'll see." she said with a knowing wink to the others as she opened a door below the stairwell and led me to a dark basement.

—

Taken downstairs, the basement had a large mattress in the middle with candles surrounding it and and a velvet AZZ banner behind it. "It is finally time Amby." Stacy declared bringing me into a tight hug while groping my ass. "This is the final part of your initiation and we're gonna make it the best night of your life."

She sat me down on the mattress and put me in handcuffs as Harriet came downstairs with a box. "Remember that beanbag chair from earlier? This is why I didn't want you near it." She pulled out a large 12-inch long dildo that almost looked like a real dick, and had ridges covering the member for extra stimulation. "Do you, Amber Martinez, take this offer to be nude in this house 24/7, to be ravished by your sisters all the time and become a part of this lesbian sisterhood?"

All that was on my mind was pure lust as my horniness was at maximum level. "YES!" I squealed in heat as the other girls came downstairs ready for sex. "Well then, let the orgy begin!" Karen declared. Stacy & Emily began by taking a strap-on out of the box and applying some lube. Emily was the one to put it on and stuck it into her girlfriend, to which she moaned in excitement.

Meanwhile, Karen & Bonnie had stuck vibrators in each other's pussies and simply started making out, feeling up their respective bodies to the point of near climax. Finally, there was me and Harriet, who began jamming the dildo in and out of my vagina. It was so exciting to see this hot naked chick pleasure me while these other babes went at each other like wild animals during mating season.

—

After what seemed like hours upon hours of fucking, we were all drenched in sweat and cum. "That was awesome." I said between grunts while Harriet licked my clit. "So glad you enjoyed it sexy." Karen panted while her vibrator continued buzzing around in her clit. "And it's about to get even more awesome."

She took out her vibrator and pulled one last toy out of the box, a thick golden double-sided dildo that glistened in the candlelight. "This is our ceremonial dildo. Legend has it, and by legend I mean I just made it up, that this has the power to turn friends into lovers." she explained. "So Amby, are you ready?"

I simply put on a perverted grin as I spread my legs wide to let Karen put the toy in. When she fully inserted it, she stuck her pussy on the other end and we started passionately making out while the other sisters started feeling themselves up.

"Oh yes Kare, ram into me! Smash your fucking hot bod into mine!" I screamed erotically. "Ah yes, I can already feel myself about to come!" my best friend turned girlfriend howled in ecstasy. "Let's come together, because we're best friends!"

And come together we did. We both squealed in delight when our juices finally came bursting out of our pussies and collapsed into each other's arms. "Welcome to AZZ. And yes, that is a pun." Karen finally said before everyone started applauding us. "Honestly, you two were just made for each other." Stacy commented helping us to our feet. "You really do make a good nudist Amby." Emily said outfitting me with the uniform bathrobe. "Hey I got an idea, why don't we take a group selfie to celebrate?!"

"That's a splendid idea baby!" Stacy agreed kissing her girlfriend on the lips. "And maybe we could strike some sexy poses too! Everyone get into place!" After I set up my phone to take the picture, we found a spot underneath the AZZ banner. Karen & I pushed our boobs together, Bonnie & Harriet sat below us with their legs spread and Stacy & Emily presented their asses.

"Everyone say sexy!" Stacy called. "Sexy!" we all exclaimed and the photo was taken. It was official, I was a college girl transformed into a nudist lesbian and I couldn't be happier.

—

"Yo Coach Barker, you would not believe what we did to Coach Simpson's place last night!" Peter Martinez shouted to his team's coach during halftime. "Did you cover his house with toilet paper?" he bluntly remarked reading the newspaper. "How did you know?" Peter's teammate Kirby Jackson wondered. "Just a hunch."

"You're gonna pay for that jackasses!" Miles Lang, captain of the Catfishes' rival team the Pterosaurs threatened them from afar. Just then, Peter heard his phone beep from his bag and dug through it to find a text from his sister Amber. "Hey Pete, how's it going?" the text said. Peter texted back with "Great! So how are things?"

"Great too! I went to that AZZ place and it seems like just the right place for me!" Amber texted. "Here's a picture of me and my new sisters."

She followed up the message with a picture of her with five other girls, all of them naked as she was. Peter could instantly recognize Karen as her older sister was a cheerleader for the Catfishes, but the other girls caught him off guard and he felt something rise in his uniform.

"Yo Petey, halftime's almost over!" Kirby shouted. "What's taking you so-" He then stopped himself when he noticed Peter's jaw dropping at the sight of something on his phone. "Is something the matter bro?" he asked sitting down next to his teammate before finally realizing what he was looking it. Six naked girls all posing sexily for him. "Dude, is that your sister?!" 

