Cold Nights II

I woke up to a bright winter's morning.  Still half asleep, I was still relishing the fantastic dream that I had made love to my mother last night.  As I was stretching, I noticed that I was naked from the waist down and my pajama bottoms were nowhere to be found.  I started to look around, and I saw them on the bedside chair that my mother uses for dressing.  They were on top of the light nightdress that she had wore last night.  I suddenly came wide awake, realizing that that was no dream, but that my mother and I had made passionate love last night.  

I jumped out of bed and hurriedly got dressed.  I went into the kitchen where mom was cooking breakfast.  She was cooking a batch of steak, eggs, and potatoes, something that was reserved for special occasions.  She was wearing her heavy housecoat and she had a big smile on her face.  There was a special aura about her, like she is when she is particularly happy about things.  

"Sit down and eat."  She put a big helping of everything on a plate and put it in front of me.  As I dug in, she said "You made me so happy last night.  I had been missing that for so long.  Your father tries, but in his state, he can't do much.  I still love him very much, but since you have taken over most of his duties around here, you are now the man of the house.  I don't want to hurt you, so if you don't want to go any further, we can stop right here."

"Mom, this has been a fantasy of mine for so long.  I was so scared that you would find out and throw me out of the house or worse.  Now, I can't believe that it happenned.  All I want to do is make you happy."

"You know that I try to make love to your father when we visit him, but all he can do is suck my teats and finger me to a small climax.  I masturbate him, and sometimes he climaxes, but in his state, it is a lot for him.  I miss the days when we would make love for a whole day before you were born, or the nights we would have sex all night hoping that we didn't wake you."

"A few times you did, but I was too young to know what was happenning.  It wasn't until just a couple of years ago that I figured it out.  Just before the accident, I heard you and dad and I jacked off listening to you. "

"That was probably the last time that we made love and the last time until last night that I had a good orgasm.  Last night made you me feel so good and made me realize what I had been missing.  But, we still have to do our chores for today.  Eat up, and when we are done with work, I will keep my promise from last night."

I ate my breakfast rather rapidly.   Usually, I would sit and enjoy a special meal like this, but I was in a hurry to get my work done and continue where I had left off last night.  I got dressed, went out to chop the firewood for the weekend, fed and took care of the chickens, and dug out the snow behind the truck where the county plow had dumped it.  Even though it was very cold out, I had worked up quite a sweat.

I went into the house to take a bath and get cleaned up.  I went to the bathroom and was about to go in.  The door was open, and mom was already in the tub, all but her head covered by suds.  This was a first as she kept the door closed when she was in the bathroom for any reason.  I was about to turn away, but she said " Come on in and you can wash my back."

I started to walk in, but she said "You might want to get out of your clothes.  They might get wet.  Besides, I'm already naked, and it wouldn't be fair."

I hurriedly took my clothing off and rejoined her.  I knelt beside the tub, and grabbed the sponge and started to wash her back.  She sat up in the tub to give me better access to her back.  As she did, her breasts came out of the water and she brushed the suds off of them.  Her nipples were hard, and her areolae were crinkly as if they were cold.  I loved seeing her breasts and couldn't wait to start sucking her nipples.  As I washed off her back, she stood up and told me to wash lower. As I washed her buttocks, she said, "Get in there real deep.  I want to be as clean as possibler for you."  I washed between her buttocks, rubbing the washcloth on her anus.  As I did, she bent over and made a purring sound.  "Time to dry off" she said as she stepped out of the tub.  She handed me a towell and had me dry her back as she dried her front.  

"Your turn."  I got into the tub and started soaping up my body.  Mom grabbed the sponge and started washing my back just like I did hers.  She reached down and washed my feet and legs, and then told me to stand up.  She took the washcloth and washed my buttocks, soaping my anus.  "That feels so good" I said as she had me get out of the tub and start wiping my back.  I was somewhat embarrassed as my penis was rock hard.  I finished drying off as she let the water out of the tub and wiped it down.  

Even though we hadn't got dressed, she took me by the hand and led me into the living room and we sat on the sofa.  "Shouldn't we be going into the bed?" I asked.

"We have more room out here.  You aren't as constrained as you are in the bed.  Besides, it is warmer."

"OK"

I want to teach you how to make love to a woman.  Your father was a great lover, and  with some education, I think you would be also.  Making love is more than sticking your penis in someone and rolling over after you ejaculate.  I am sure you have heard things from your friends, but if you listen to me, you should not have any trouble in pleasing a woman."

"Well, I think I know the basics---"

"The basics are OK, but you need to know what makes a woman horny.  Women like to be held, kissed, and caressed, not just having their breasts and buttocks groped.  We like to kiss and snuggle next to our lovers for hours, even if it doesn't lead to intercourse.  Put you arms around me and kiss me."

I puckered up and put my lips toward hers and put my arms around her shoulders.  She turned to me and put her lips to mine.  She opened her mouth and I could feel her tongue on my lips.  As I opened them, she slid her tongue right into my mouth.  I relaxed and let my tongue play with hers.  I began to stroke her back and realized she was doing the same to me.  

"There are other things that a woman likes.  I like to have my earlobes sucked on and gentle kisses on my neck and shoulders."  She turned her head to me and I sucked one of her earlobes into my mouth.  After a few minutes, I started to kiss my way down her neck and out to her shoulders.  She laid back, and took my hand and placed it on her breast, right on top of her nipple.  

"I love to have my nipples played with or sucked.  Gentle bitins is OK, too.  When you were a baby, I nursed you.  When you were sucking on my nipples, it made me hot.  Many times your father and I would make love right after I put you in your crib."

Her nipples were hard as I was rolling one betwen my fingers and sucking gently on the other.  I felt her reach down and put her hand around my penis.  She squeezed it and I erupted all over her stomach.

"Oh, mom, I am so sorry."

"Don't worry.  I will get a cloth and clean us up.  You are still young and you will be hard again before any time at all."

She returned, wiped my cum off of our bodies, and we started kissing again.  She reached down and started stroking me again.  After a little while she broke our kiss and leaned back.

"This is a woman's vagina" she said as she reached down and spread her lips.  She gently pulled her lips open and unhooded her clitoris.  "Gently touch me here, but be careful as I am very sensitive.  The best way is to put one finger on either side of here and rub gently."

Her clit was large and protruded from her hood about a half inch.  I put my fingers as she had told me to, and started to rub gently.  She began to moan and thrash about my hand.  She had been moist, but now fluids started pouring out and she was very slippery.  All of a sudden, she stiffened, held my hand still, and clasped her legs together around my hand.  After a few seconds, she relaxed and lay back.  She rested for a couple of minutes and took my hand away.

"I think it is time."

She rolled back on the couch,  spread her legs, and raised them almost to where they were touching her shoulders.  Her vagina was wide open and pointing straight up.  "I think you know what to do."  I walked over to her and she gripped my penis and slid it into her very hot and moist opening.  She clasped her legs around my waist, and I started to pump in and out.  She was bucking against me and grinding her clit against my pubic bone.  She was moaning and saying "harder".  Her legs clasped me so tight that I couldn't move.  Her vagina was squeezing my penis like a velvet glove.  Her body went stiff again, and I began to squirt deeply within her.  After what seemed like five minutes, she relaxed and unclasped her legs.  I stood up, and she rearranged herself on the couch.  

"This is the best part.  Come and snuggle next to me."

I sat next to her, put my arms around her, and we kissed deeply.  "Mom, that was wonderful.  I never imagined that it could be so good."

"Me either.  You are a wonderful lover and any woman would be happy with you."

"Is this your favorite way of doing it?"

"Yes, because you can be in me so deeply."

"Maybe next time we could try something different."

"Your dad and I usually did what we did today or last night.  We didn't do much else."

"OK"  She might just be surprised at what else I know.

 "What would you like for supper?  I think we need to eat after that."

Supper???  I glanced out the window and saw that the sun was going down.  I had lost all track of time as it was ten when I came in from chores.  Time sure flies when you are having your wildest fantasies fulfilled.
