Astrid's First Strip

Astrid sat in her kitchen at the table staring at the phone. She didn't know if she could bring 
herself to make the call. She had thought deeply about it for several days now; since the final 
demands had been arriving she know she had to do something. How could she have let herself 
get into debt. It had been difficult since her husband left six months ago. But she had looked after 
the two young children; they had new clothes, enough to eat and the house was clean and 
comfortable. Now she would soon loose the house if she couldn't pay the bills. She had married at 
seventeen. The children came along quickly and now at twenty one she was all alone. 

She reached hesitantly for the phone but put it back down. Why was she so afraid? She was after 
all only going to call her elder sister Paula. Surely she could confide in her? No that was not the 
reason. Paula and Astrid were very different. Paula has always been the wild one, the black sheep 
of the family. Astrid had done well at school and had held down a clerical job until the first child 
came along. No, Astrid needed some practical advice from her sister. Paula had once worked as 
a stripper for a couple of months in a club in a nearby city. She had always made light of it saying 
she didn't care who saw her naked so long as they paid; she boasted about how much money she 
made. Paula was now happily married to Mark who knew her past and accepted her as a real 
person. Now Astrid was alone and needed money badly and her sister's words echoed again and 
again in her head. Did she really care who saw her body? Would she be too embarrassed to do it 
at all? Did she have a good enough figure? These thoughts raced through her mind as reached 
again for the phone. 

Paula was sympathetic on the phone. What a nice warm heart thought Astrid; she remembered 
how critical she had been when she found out that Paula was stripping. Paula and Mark lived a 
short car ride away from Astrid and Paula had offered to call round in the afternoon before the 
children came home from school. Astrid felt relieved that she had at least started to talk about 
what she had in mind. Well truthfully she did not know what she had in mind. She believed she 
was capable of taking her clothes off in front of an audience for money. She had never even seen 
a striptease act but she had a mental picture of a stage and lights and eyes in the darkness 
staring at her breasts. She shuddered mentally. Only her husband and one previous boy friend 
had ever seen her topless. Was she really prepared to show herself off? 

Paula arrived early afternoon. She gave her sister a big hug and held her close. 

"You must be in real trouble if you are think of doing this" said Paula "Your so meek and mild and 
timid I can hardly believe it". 

Astrid explained her financial position. Paula nodded and sympathised. 

"OK. How can I help you? What do you want to know?" offered Paula. 

Astrid asked about money and working hours. She was concerned that she would have to have 
sex with the customers or let them touch her. Paula reassured her that this was not so, at least in 
the club where Paula had worked. 

"What will I have to do exactly" said Astrid rather embarrassed at having to ask "I mean, I know I 
will have to dance and take my clothes off but I've never been to a strip club. Is there an audition 
for new girls? Will they teach me what to do?" 

Paula smiled "Oh your poor darling. You have no idea have you but you're still prepared to do it!. 
When do you want to start?" 

"As soon as possible. I need the money now." replied Astrid. 

Paula explained what would be expected of her sister. All the girls at the club have to strip 
completely nude she explained. Yes, there will be an audition where the new girl has to undress 
completely for the boss. Astrid nodded that she understood that this was as she expected. You 
have to be very sexy she explained - you are competing with real young girls. Some are only 
sixteen you know. That's the minimum legal age for strippers here. 

"There's no modesty allowed you know" said Paula "The spotlights pick out every detail and the 
first row is just a foot or so away. Still want to do it?" 

"Yes. I can do it" replied Astrid without thinking too much about the details. 

"OK. I'll phone Bob - he's the club owner and see what he can do for you." 

The phone call with Bob lasted just about five minutes. Yes, they were looking for new girls. Yes, if 
Paula said her sister had a good enough figure then no problem - bring her along. Yes, today 
would be fine. Yes, she can watch the show for a while and decide for herself before she has to 
audition. 

"Can you arrange someone to look after the children after school?" asked Paula. 

Astrid nodded affirmatively and Paula finished the phone call with Bob saying that she and her 
sister would be down there within an hour. 

Within an hour thought Astrid. Oh my God within an hour I will be in a strip club looking for a job. 
She trembled. 

Astrid phoned a friend to arrange for the children to be picked up and the sisters set off in Paula's 
car. 

"We just have to pick up Mark and we'll be right down there." said Paula. 

"Pick up Mark?" questioned Astrid. 

"Oh yes. You don't think Mark wants to miss your first strip do you?" 

Astrid gulped. She had known Mark for about three years; he was here brother in law. And now he 
was going to watch her debut strip. For the first time in all the reasoning and heart searching she 
now realised that she was not just going to be naked in front of strangers in a sort of general 
sense but that people who knew her personally would soon see her nude. 

Mark got in the car. 

"So you're going to go though with it?" 

"I need the money very badly" said Astrid. 

"Don't worry about it darling" said Mark "You've got a terrific figure. I can hardly wait to see your 
tits and your pussy." 

"Don't be so crude" interrupted Paula "Astrid is very nervous and she need encouragement not 
your crude comments". 

Somehow Mark' crude comment put it into perspective for Astrid. She was going to be showing 
men her tits and her pussy for money. 

The club was in a basement. The entrance at street level was brash with neon lights. The three 
stepped inside and Paula asked for Bob. They greeted each other like old friends although it had 
been about three years since Paula worked there. Bob was extremely pleasant and reassured 
Astrid that she would find it an agreeable place to work. Bob escorted his three guests down the 
stairs in the club itself. The stage was small but brightly lit just as Paula had described. The were 
about 15 rows of seats about 10 seats wide ranged each row a little higher than the one in front so 
that even from the back the audience had an excellent view. The front row naturally had a superb 
view being just about one foot from the edge of the stage. The first couple of rows were occupied. 
The place seemed quite empty. 

As they entered the rather small blonde girl on stage was sitting on a chair facing the audience. 
She had her legs wide apart. Her cunt was plainly visible. Astrid starred for a moment. Would she 
have to show so much too? Paula had not discussed the fine details. They settled in their seats at 
the back so as not to disturb the paying guests who were engrossed in the view on stage and had 
not noticed the arrival of the Mark and the two girls. 

"Do all the girls open their legs like that?" whispered Astrid to her sister. She was really asking if 
she too would have to open her legs like the girl who had just left the stage. 

"Of course" answered Paula "It's a strip club and that's what the men pay to see" 

Astrid was in a daze as the curtains opened for the next girl, a tall dark hair beauty. During the first 
record she danced and lifted up her skirt a couple of times to show her white panties. The second 
record was devoted to the undressing part of the act. As the third record started the now naked 
beauty pulled the chair into the middle of the stage. She sat on the front edge of the chair facing 
the audience. As she leant back she lifted her legs to point her toes up at the ceiling. She had a 
beautifully backside, now perfectly presented to the admiring audience. Then she parted her legs 
to form a vee. The view of her pussy was magnificent. She held the pose for about half a minute 
or so stroking the inside of her thighs. Mark glanced away from the stage at Astrid. Her eyes were 
glued onto the girl on stage but her expression was blank. 

She could never display herself like that. She just had not expected this level of revelation. What 
had she expected? Topless - yes of course. Nude - yes that too. A glimpse of pussy - she could 
have faced that as well. The girl on stage was now standing with her back to the audience with her 
legs wide apart. She leant forward and touched the floor in front of her. Inside Astrid was 
screaming - no please not me I can't. 

The dark haired beauty left the stage to a hearty applause. 

"She's super isn't she" said Paula to her sister. 

"Did you do that too" asked Astrid with a nervous tone. 

"Yes of course I did. That's what I was paid for" answered Paula. 

They watched another three girls perform. The basic act was the same. First record dance. 
Second record strip. Third record pussy show. 

By now Astrid had calmed a little but she couldn't face the idea of displaying herself in this way. 
She told her sister so. Paula quietly reminded her about her financial situation and asked her to 
rethink. 

"If you're one hundred percent sure you can't do it I'll call Bob and we may as well go now" said 
Paula. 

"Watch another couple of girls and think it over" said Mark. 

"Let her make her own mind up" retorted Paula "you just want to see here spread her legs." 

Paula's thoughtless remark shocked Astrid. So Mark and all these men were going to see her 
spread her legs. So what she thought. That's what they pay for - it's not going to hurt me. So what 
- I'll do it. 

"I'll do it" she said to Paula 

"And you should move down to the front so you can get real good view of my tits, my arse and my 
pussy. And when I spread my legs I'll make sure I get as near to your face as I can." snapped 
Astrid to Mark. 

Paula and Astrid left Mark to find a seat at the front while they went to find Bob. 

Astrid was somehow curious to know what would happen at the audition. After what she had just 
seen on stage she felt there was nothing worse. 

"Do I have to spread my legs now for Bob?" asked Astrid. 

"And some of his friends too and they'll take photos. Still want to do it?" was the reply. 

She should have reckoned with photos too. There were photos of all the girls in the foyer - soon 
hers would be there too. 

Bob's office was quite small. A desk, three chairs, a filing cabinet - very plain. Bob sat down 
behind the desk and the two girls sat facing him. After taking down the details he needed from 
Astrid, her full name, address, date of birth, telephone number he simply asked her to undress. It 
was just a casual statement, just like asking for her address. She hesitated for a moment. 

"Stand up and take your clothes off" he repeated. This was it. She was about to undress in front of 
a stranger for money. It was surprisingly easy. She somehow felt relieved as she stepped out of 
her panties. Bob surveyed her body from head to foot. It seemed like ages. He had her turn round 
and face away from him so he could admire her backside too. 

"You saw the type of show we put on" he said. Astrid nodded. "You have no inhibitions about 
spreading you legs?" Astrid nodded. Had she really nodded a yes to this? "OK sit on the front of 
the chair, put your legs over the arms and lets just prove that you're a girl. You can never be sure 
these days." 

Paula was watching how her sister reacted. Astrid did as instructed without a moments hesitation. 
Prove you're a girl she thought to herself. How many girls before me has he made do this? 
Several hundred? So there she was totally naked and everything on view. Bob turned the desk 
light round onto her for a better view. Astrid did not let this disturb her. He picked up the phone 
and asked someone to come to his office and bring the camera. 

"You need your hair trimming" said Bob looking straight at Astrid's cunt. He gave a little smile and 
picked a small electric trimmer from the desk. He had not even bothered to ask Astrid if she was 
agreeable. "Just between your legs so the men get a nice clear view." 

"I'll do it for her if you don't mind" interjected Paula. Bob looked clearly disappointed but handed 
the trimmer to Paula without further persuading. 

Paula knelt in front of the chair and set to work. In a few seconds she had expertly removed the 
excess hair from Astrid's crotch without reddening the sensitive skin at all. She stood up and 
admired her work from a short distance. She nodded, satisfied with how her sister looked 

"Until you get into the swing of dancing I want you to follow the rules carefully. First record dance. 
Second record strip. Third record show off your cunt." explained Bob as Astrid sat somewhat 
uncomfortably with her legs over the arms of the char. "I will be timing you. The total time of the 
act is a little less than ten minutes. I want your tits clearly on view for five minutes and your cunt 
for two. If I can't clearly see your cunt for a full two minutes you don't get paid for that strip at all. I'll tolerate a bit with your tits especially if you dance well. When you have more experience we can 
relax the timing. Do you understand?" 

Astrid nodded. Two minutes that's nothing she thought. 

"Punctuality is essential. You will have scheduled times allocated. If your are late at all I dock half 
the pay for that strip. If you are more than one minute late - no pay. Clear?" 

Astrid nodded just as the office door opened. In came two men. She suddenly felt very naked and 
exposed. Her freshly shave crotch was well lit from the desk light. The two men's eye were 
examining her already as they stood in the doorway. Bob introduced them as Tony and Mike, 
bouncer and technician. 

"She's Paula's sister. A real good looker isn't she" said Bob, his first comment in praise of Astrid's 
figure. She smiled. 

"Look how her cunt lips stick out. The regulars are going to love her." add Bob. 

The praise had lifted Astrid now she felt just like a piece of meat. Yes she was about to sell views 
of her cunt with those lovely sticking out lips. She felt humiliated. She kept on smiling; somehow 
she had the smile as a natural defence. 

Mike shot the photos. About 20 or so including ones with her legs wide apart and close-ups which 
would be of interest to a gynaecologist. She had already signed her consent and she knew 
although nobody had talked about it that these photos and others shot during her performances 
would end up in magazines. 

The whole audition had taken about twenty minutes and Mark must have been wondering when 
he would get to see Astrid strip, or indeed if she had chickened out at the last moment. Paula 
rejoined him in the front row where he had also kept a place free for her too. The other men 
starred at her quizzically as she took her place next to her husband. She ignored their looks. 

The curtains opened and the same blonde girl they had seen at the start took to the stage again 
just as Paula took her seat. "Just this one now then it's Astrid's turn" said Paula. 

Bob had meanwhile taken Astrid, still fully naked into the backstage dressing area. She applied 
her own make-up only rather more than normal. Bob brought her the clothes for her act. Nice and 
simple for the first time was his motto. White panties, white bra, pink negligee high-heal shoes. 
That was it. Bob reminded her again about the timings. 

"Remember don't take anything off at all during the first record - just dance. Halfway through the 
second record your bra needs to come off so that we get five minutes of your tits. Take your 
panties off only at the very end of the second record or the start of the third. Remember to keep 
your legs apart for most of that third record or we won't get a full two minutes with your cunt on 
show. Clear?" 

Astrid nodded. 

There was a round of applause as the blonde girl finished her strip. This is it thought Astrid my 
first strip, somehow like loosing my virginity again. The blonde girl walk into the dressing area and 
Bob ushered Astrid forward onto the stage. 

The chair stood in the middle of the stage. Astrid walked over and she stood beside it. She felt her 
legs turning to jelly as the curtains opened and the first record started. In less than five minutes 
time she would be topless. In seven or so minutes she would be totally naked then she would 
spend at least two minutes with her legs wide apart revealing everything she had - yes proving 
without a doubt that she was girl as Bob had so delicately put it, and Mark her brother in law would 
see everything. The curtains were fully open. There were Mark and Paula directly in front of her. 
The room had filled now with the office workers who popped in for an hour or so on their way 
home. She looked deeper into the room. Most of the seats appeared to have been taken and 
several men were standing at the side near the front. So many men she thought. She began to 
dance. Would she really be able to bring herself to do it. Her legs began to feel firmer as she 
moved around. She felt more confident as she saw the admiring looks from the men. Mark's eyes 
never left her. She was beginning to feel good. 

The first record ended. Astrid felt more confident. The dancing had warmed her up and the 
nervousness had all but gone. She slipped out of the negligee almost as soon as the second 
record started. She placed it carefully over the back of the chair. Then she sat on the chair her 
back to the audience. She reached up behind her back for the clasp on her bra. She could feel the 
two hundred eyes staring at her but especially those of Mark. It filled her with an excitement she 
had not felt for a long time. She let the bra straps fall from her shoulders, and after waiting a 
moment slipped out each arm in turn. Holding the bra cupped to her she stood up and turned to 
face the audience. All eyes were on her as she turned again and lifted her bra up above her head. 
She looked down at her breasts. She liked what she saw. She spun round to face the audience 
again. 

Showing her tits had been easy. She sensed that Mark was getting excited. And so he should 
thought Astrid to herself I have great body and I'm proud to show it off. My God thought Astrid did 
I really just think that. What is happening to me. She kept smiling. 

She remembered how the other girls had stripped. She remembered how sexy they seemed when 
they opened their legs even though they still had their panties on. She tried it. On the chair and 
lying on the stage. The reaction from the audience encouraged her. She looked into Mark's eyes. 
They were somehow daring her to do it without her panties. 

Astrid sat down on the chair facing the audience just as the second record ended. She looked 
straight at Mark. He now had a serious somewhat superior look on his face. He knew Astrid now 
had a no choice but to carry on. After thinking for years what his sister in law was like in the nude 
he was now about to find out. He liked what he had seen so far. Now let see your cunt was the 
only thought in his mind. Astrid somehow read his thoughts. So this is what you've wanted to see 
for quite a while - now you can. 

She raised her legs up toward the ceiling and slipped her panties past her bottom. It was just 
enough to give a little glimpse but as she held her legs firmly together a glimpse was all the Mark 
got. She brought her legs down gracefully and slipped her panties down past her ankles. She then 
stood up and kicked them aside. Mark had his first view of his naked sister in law as she danced 
nude around the stage. She remembered Bob's instructions. Two minutes legs apart or no pay. 
This was it - now or never. Again she sat on the chair facing the audience. She pulled the negligee 
from the back of the chair and let it fall between her legs as she moved them apart. She leant right 
back on the chair and raised her legs in a vee, as far apart as she could. The negligee still hid her 
last secret. She looked Mark straight in the eye and let go the negligee. To her amazement he 
kept eye contact with her instead of staring at her cunt like the other hundred men. Then he 
weakened and he too cast his eyes down at her beautiful flower. She felt she had won. She had 
outstares him. 

Astrid slid herself forward off the chair, her legs still wide apart, remembering what Bob had told 
her - a full two minutes - most of this third record. She was now sitting on the stage with her back 
against the chair. She gently pushed the chair back until she was lying on her back. Again she 
lifted her legs into a vee offering the audience a perfect view. She rolled onto her side still keeping 
her legs apart. Mark was drooling. 

Astrid got to her feet and took the one stride right to the front of the stage. She then placed her left 
foot on the back of Marks seat. Her right foot was on now on the edge of the stage as she lowered 
herself onto Mark's face. Her cunt was now inches away from him. 

"Got a good view?" she whispered. She was enjoying it more than she had ever expected. Two 
hours previously she had shuddered at thought of being naked in front of her brother in law. Only 
an hour or so earlier had she realised that stripping in this club meant not just showing her tits but 
also "proving she was a girl" by showing off her cunt. Can an hour or so change a shy girl into one 
who loved displaying herself. Astrid was amazed at her own transformation. As the music stopped 
and the applause rang out she was elated beyond belief. 

The curtains closed. She gathered up the negligee, bra and panties and walked into the dressing 
area. As she entered a tall red-head on her way on stage told her that hers was the very best first 
strip she had ever seen. Astrid was bubbling over. Bob greeted her with a big hug. 

"That was great" he said "If you want to continue your next strip is at seven thirty exactly. OK?" 

Astrid nodded in agreement. 

Mark and Paula entered the dressing area. Astrid was still naked, just holding the neglege to her 
chest. "Absolutely super" said Mark "Even Paula couldn't do better". 

Paula reacted. "You've never seen me strip" she retorted "You made me promise not to strip 
again when I met you." 

"True, but .." 

"So can I do a strip now?" asked Paula. 

"No I didn't really mean it like that" replied Mark. 

"It's OK for my little sister to be leered at but not if I do it - is that it?" 

"You're a hypocrite Mark. Do you know that? You just wanted to see my cunt didn't you? What do 
you think of me now" said Astrid, knowing how she had outstared him. 

"I think you're great but I really don't want those men to see Paula liked that". Marks words had a 
hollow ring. He looked at Paula and then to Astrid and back to Paula. 

"OK" he said starring Paula in the eye "but only if you show pink". 

Astrid was lost. What did he mean by that. 

"Right" said Paula "If that's what you want I'll do it". 

Mark had meant it as a bluff hoping that Paula would refuse. They had often talked about her 
stripping career and he knew that Paula hated showing pink. She was quite prepared to open her 
legs wide and give the men a perfect view of her cunt but actually spreading her vaginal lips and 
showing inside had always upset her. True she had done it on several occasions. There was 
always a bonus payment for doing this "little" extra and Bob usually arranged that once every two 
hours or so one of the girls would do it. It helped to keep the customers there and spending 
money. 

"OK with you Bob?" asked Paula. 

Bob naturally replied positively saying how much he would like Paula back stripping for him 
whether she showed pink or not. He checked the schedule. Astrid was to strip again at seven 
thirty., then Karen at seven forty, Paula at ten to eight. No he could fit Paula in at ten past seven if 
she could be ready by then. Paula agreed at once. Mark was taken aback. He really had expected 
his wife to refuse. Now he faced the prospect of having to see her degrade herself on stage. He 
knew she hated doing it. Why had she agreed? 

"Tony, can you make sure Mark gets his seat in the front row again" she asked the bouncer. 

Naturally that would be no problem. Astrid had in the meanwhile dressed again in her normal 
clothes which Bob had brought down from his office. 

Mark left with Tony and Astrid quietly questioned her sister about the previous conversation. She 
was quite pleased that her sister would also strip that evening but in her innocence she had no 
idea what "showing pink" meant. 

Paula explained. Astrid took a deep breath. "I wouldn't mind doing that either" she said. It was as 
if she was hearing someone else say the words. "How much extra do I get paid Bob?" Where had 
her shyness gone? Bob was caught a little off guard as he then explained to her how the bonus 
payment worked. 

Bob was a real arsehole thought Paula as he explained in vivid detail what would be expected 
from Astrid for the extra money. Why does he always want it done as if the girls are clockwork 
toys. We are real people Bob. "Six minutes with your legs apart and at least two minutes of pink - 
First record strip, second record show your pussy, third record all pink - stretch it wide open no 
half measures. Do you understand? OK?". Astrid nodded. "If Paula can do it so can I" she said 
smiling lovingly into Paula's eyes. After years of living very different lives the two sisters were 
beginning to know and love each other more than ever before. 

As the curtains opened for Paula, Astrid had positioned herself in the back row so that she could 
take in the whole scene. Mark had his seat back in the front row. What a shame thought Astrid, 
Mark knows what he's going to see only too well. He's seen Paula's cunt often enough at home. 
He should be here at the back so he can see all these men leering at his wife. 

Paula's experience certainly showed. Although it was at least two years since she had stripped on 
stage, the smooth, sexy movements told it all. Astrid thought of her own mixed feelings as she 
stripped. She had not wanted to open her legs and show off her cunt but she did it and enjoyed it 
despite the embarrassment. Now her sister was going to do show herself off in a way she really 
hated just to spite her husband. How would she be feeling now? 

Paula was naked by the end of the first record. The show had hardly begun. There are only a 
limited number of ways a girl can show her cunt off and Paula knew them all. The second record 
ended with her in the now usual position on the front edge of chair with her legs wide apart and 
pointing up at the ceiling. Looking straight at Mark she pulled on the skin of her buttocks in order 
to persuade her lips to open. She gradually spread her fingers out and pulled more on the skin so 
that a large area of pink glistened in the spotlight. She never took her eyes off Mark. The audience 
never took their eyes off her. I can't follow this thought Astrid, Paula's much too good at it. 

Paula stood up and took the one step to the front of the stage. She knelt in front of Mark then 
leant right over backwards opening her legs further and further. She then started rubbing her 
clitoris and groaning clearly even over the music. Paula was getting carried away. She wasn't just 
play acting. She rolled on her side. One leg outstretched on stage and one up in the air. She then 
slipped two fingers well inside her cunt and proceeded to masturbate. Several men began to clap. 
This clearly egged her on. By the time the music stopped she was panting. The applause was 
overwhelming. Mark was almost crying. Not a lot but Astrid saw it as he made his way to the back. 

"I shouldn't have dared her like that" said Mark. 

"No you've let the genie out of the bottle" said Astrid. "Aren't you going to stay to watch me do it 
too. You enjoyed my first strip, you'll certainly enjoy seeing me show pink". 

Mark couldn't hold back the tears. He made his way outside. Astrid laughed to herself and made 
her way back stage. She stopped as the curtains were opening for the next act, a rather plain 
young girl of about sixteen or so. She watched for two records until the youngster was naked. She 
waited just long enough to see her "prove she's a girl" then she hurried off. Two minutes to get 
ready for my "show pink" strip. I can compete with sixteen year olds she thought. 

Astrid's "show pink" went down very well indeed. She was now on the payroll and stripped another 
three times that evening Paula persuaded Bob to pay her on a daily basis for the first month in 
order to help her out of her financial crisis. 

Since then both Astrid and Paula have been stripping regularly and they have become very close 
friends as well as sisters. Mark has learned to live with the genie he has let out of the bottle. He 
often babysits Astrid's children while the girls are working. He has been along and watched both 
girls several times. Mark has mixed feelings. He hates seeing his own wife displaying herself but 
still loves to see Astrid. 

Men are such hypocrites. 
End of Story
 