I, Candi
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2023 by SZENSEI

Episode 2: BONUS FOOTAGE

Candi Palmer came home from work early, sick to her stomach over the nerves caused by the night before. Tensions which escalated by the recent video’s sent to her husband overseas. What would he think of her actions. Did she step over the line? Just letting Damian’s brother Kevin watch her, touch her without saying no haunted her. Not to mention Kevin’s friends. What was she thinking? Spooked over every move she made last night had her expecting a severe scolding. She knew it wouldn’t mean divorce, but surely, he would speak harshly over involving his family in anything pornographic. She just knew Damian would automatically think she was having an affair. Yet, in telling her to find someone to assist her when she had no real friends to speak of, what could he expect. Each time she asked him who that person might be he simply said that was on her to determine and that he trusted her. Big help he was! “Just relax! Damian will either forgive me or he won’t. I’ll just go back to being the bored housewife and survive like I have all along.”

Going upstairs Candi drew a bubble bath and listened to music while soaking amidst her suds. As hot as today was, her nerves taxed, this was the right move. A bottle of cheap wine drained before even leaving her tub, at least helped get her mind off of the situation. Of course, now that she was timidly drunk it all came flooding back. Picturing every move, she made in front of Kevin and his friends. Allowing them to encourage her into making what she determined was her best video to date, she felt naive. She got so deeply invested in her masturbation that she hadn’t even felt the boys kissing on her naked flesh. Yes, she was touching herself even now thanks to the memories. Alcohol prompted!

“Maybe ... I got so turned on by their watching, hovering over me, that I tuned out their desires. I don’t know how I could have not felt their lips touching my body.” Regardless her haunted thoughts realized a smile of mischief. “There is no other explanation. I was in another world. The last real thing I remember was Kevin carrying me to bed, covering me up, and kissing me on the forehead. That was nice of him to respect me enough to apologize in that manner. I mean it could have gone very badly. His friends could have raped me.” Regardless of her worry her fingers could not stop probing her vulva. “Damian? I need you to not be mad at me.” Climax within her water she fell back against her claw tub and trembled like a leaf. Once her sensibility came flooding back, she sighed heavily and growled.

“I just know Damian will want them to touch me again. I am going to have to put on a good show or he might see the fear I have in doing this. I’ve only been with Damian sexually so anyone new is going to... “ Frozen! A hint of lust she folds her arms over her chest and sits up in her bathwater. “ ... I can enjoy myself as long as Damian allows it. Would he want me to have sex with others? I need to confirm that before I go too far. Small doses until then.” That was the plan.

Shivering as she dried off, she sat on the edge of her draining tub and stared into thin air. A smile crept up on her. “As stupid as that entire thing was, I know Kevin would have protected me. The boys didn’t truly go too far. Darn it!” She laughed suddenly, “Anything for Damian! I could probably do that again. Now that I know I can somewhat trust them, Kevin for sure! I hope Kev doesn’t tell Joe. I really don’t want my father-in-law thinking the worst of me.” Her thoughts kept slipping back toward sex with someone. Images of how Damian used to take her hard, shoving her body into a wall and fucking her from behind consumed her, going so far as to palm the door to the bathroom and act out the moves she made during his takeover. The more she envisioned the hornier she got. “I need laid so badly.” A WTF moment she stopped her fantasy and stood staring at the wall. “STOP IT CANDACE. STOP IT!”

Her hair still damp she decided to let it go, she was off work tomorrow, so it didn’t matter if it was wild looking. Even at its worst Candi knew she had goddess DNA. Going to her bedroom to seek out clothing she chose comfort over style, which meant a peach-colored G-string and one of Damian’s old concert t-shirts promoting the band In This Moment. “Maria looks better on me anyway.” She giggled thanking the bands lead singer Maria Brink. “One Whore to another, right?” After last night she considered herself one. Maria’s song Whore was one of Candi’s favorite tunes. At least brushing her hair out, she looked presentable enough to satisfy herself. “Let’s go see if Damian replied back. It might take a few days to let what happened sink in, but I have to know.” Laptop downstairs she ventured to the main level and sat down on her sofa.

As her laptop fired up, she hoped that his reply was waiting in her e-mail. Fearful but coping with the stress of expecting his temper she simply typed. Her e-mail password opened her account with a swift server. Low and behold there was a reply. “OH, MY GOD! THAT WAS FAST! HE HAS TO BE MAD.” Candi had to get up and pace waving her hands at herself to ward off a panic attack that faded fast. Sitting down she opened the mail and read it.

“Hey Beautiful! All I can say is, that was awesome! I’m actually glad you got Kevin’s help. He just turned eighteen but he’s adult enough to handle this kind of situation. Hearing and seeing his friends was a surprise. I’ll be honest here, I found that extra effort downright intoxicating. It looked like you enjoyed yourself. I’m glad. I’m proud of you, Candace Marie. I love you very much! Videos like that have been what I was hoping for. I want you to make more. One every single day if possible. I have nothing over here but your letters and video. I’m miserable here in the desert. I’m so horny the camels are looking better than nothing. Hump! Hump! LOL! Ask Kev if he and his friends will help you make more movies for me. I trust you! I trust Kev. Take some big chances for me. Be bold and sexy as hell. Make me feel you here in my arms, even if your video could mean seeing you in the arms of another. By the way, I jerked off 5 times watching that video. I see your love and return it with all I have in my soul. Make me proud, Babygirl. ENCORE! ENCORE!”

Closing her eyes at that moment Candi trembled in thought before writing back. She needed to process his request. Was it a request? It appeared more of a demand. Once resolving her mixed opinion, she began pecking keys. “Bolder? Oh, Damian! You make me crazy inside.” She ponders her next sentence then types, “I live to make you proud of me. As much as it scares me, I’ll think of something to top that video. I’m glad you weren’t mad at me for involving Kevin and his friends. I’ll ask and see if I can get their help again. Daily videos might mean a few that I do on my own. I can’t expect the boys to be at my beckon call 24/7. I love you, Damian. I AM YOURS FOREVER!!!”

Clicking send with a kissing Smiley she closes her mail and picks up her cell phone. Dialing Kevin she awaits his pickup, “Kevin? It’s Candi. Damian adored that video. He’s not mad at all. As a matter of fact, he wants more. Daily if you can believe that. He wants bolder than last night if that is even possible. Will you and your friends help me think of something?”

She hears Kevin sigh loudly, then the sounds of football in the background. “Yeah, I’ll talk to the guys. We’ll be there after practice, and we can figure something out. I had a hunch Damian would be cool about it all.”

“You had more faith than I did. I expected to be yelled at. Maybe not over you, but your friends watching me. As long as you keep me safe, I’ll push myself for Damian. Please don’t tell your dad, I don’t want Joe to think I’m cheating on Damian.”

“I won’t! Question, what do you mean by pushing yourself?”

“Well, exceed my comfort zone I suppose. I’m not naive, I know that means letting you and your friends touch me. I might not have really sensed that last night but watching the video a few times ... I realized I can handle at least that much again.”

“The kissing you all over?”

“We can see how that goes. No hickies! I don’t want Damian to think I’m liking it too much.”

“What if you do like it too much?” He chuckled.

“I’m trying not to think about that. Kevin? I need to trust you. I feel I can but after last night I need to be certain.”

“I beat off thinking about you last night.”

“What? You did not!” Nail biting time! A smirk over it she already knew. He was young and had no girlfriend. She refrained from telling him that after they had all left, she envisioned them doing just that while surrounding her bed.

“Pretty sure we all did.”

“I suppose I can understand the need to do that. In a way that makes me feel special. I don’t care if you do just know I’ll never go too far. I love your brother.”

“What if Damian wants you to keep going further and further?”

“Can we not look that far into the future, or I might chicken out.” Unlikely!

“Just preparing you in case he wants that. I’m totally fine just recording you and helping you find ways to keep him happy. Roger is here listening in; he gave you a thumbs up over the use of his camera skills.”

“Tell him I appreciate it. Thank you, Roger.”

“Any time Sexy!” That made her smile and nibble on a nail again. It was nice to know guys did think that of her. She knew she was beautiful but was so grounded that it often took verbal assaults to believe it.

“What time do you think you guys can be here?”

“Just need to hit the showers and wash off the scent of pigskin sweat.”

“You could shower here.” She suggested.

“With you?” Kevin laughed.

“Would that be too much you think? I don’t want Damian thinking we are having sex. Let’s consider that video after I run it by Damian. Okay? Just shower at home and be here as soon as you can. Think of things we can do that doesn’t go too far. I’ll do the same.”

“Got it! See you later. Coach is calling a huddle.”

“Bye!” Call ended Candace Marie Palmer sat back and curled her legs beneath her. “Of course, they all jerked off thinking of me. That’s natural!” Looking about her at the sofa and loveseat of their sectional she envisioned the five boys seated all around her beating off. Eyes wide at the sudden fantasy she got goosebumps. “I think that is our video for tonight. If they are willing to go that far, I can. Simple enough!” Sure!

6:45 P.M. A second bottle of wine half empty for courage.

Having reconsidered her attire Candi sat on her sofa wearing a pair of provocative white button-down shorts and a lavender tank top, minus the bra. Her front door left wide open for ventilation along with all of her living room windows she waited for the arrival of the boys. She tried her best to control her nerves but that often meant many trips to the door to peer out before returning to her cushion. Five minutes of making herself sit still she finally heard shoes clattering up the wooden steps to her porch. Kevin in the lead as expected opened the screen door and entered, followed by Roger, Jesse, Victor, and two new members of his team, Andy and Brent. Swift introductions were made as Candi curled up, slightly shy over the newcomers. She had not predicted anyone new, so her reaction was off balance.

“I wasn’t expecting anyone new. Kevin? Do you really think this is wise?”

Kevin sat down beside her sideways and shared his concerns the only way he knew how to. “Don’t panic! I have your back. Andy and Brent are totally cool with this. Right, guys?” Both burly young men sat back smugly and agreed. “I included them to help you because you said you wanted to push yourself, this is a good start.” She nodded with self-doubt using her fingers to swipe the blonde strands from her big blue eyes. It was difficult to even look at the boys not knowing most of them, let alone these fresh eyes. That image earlier of seeing the boys beating off all around her returned, added to her recollection of a similar scene in lying in bed last night. While the fantasy was intriguing, she was apprehensive to go that far now that their numbers had increased.

Six men sat around her, the most guys ever in her home without Damian present. Roger, Jesse, and Victor were calm and actually yawning. Boredom already? Surely, their football practice wore them all out. Maybe they wouldn’t be too out of hand in their current physical state. Decided Candi expressed her readiness, “I trust your judgment. It’s just jitters.”

Kevin motioned to his buddies, “Listen up! This is my sister-in-law here. We need to restrain ourselves. This is her show, not ours.” She swore she saw him wink. What the heck was that about?

A moment to reflect on his overprotectiveness Candi stops him with a hand on his arm, “Damian wants bolder. That means I need to get over any shyness, no more reluctance. You guys lost a little control last night but like I said I can handle that kind of extra as long as you don’t let it escalate too much.”

“Don’t be afraid of us.” Victor chimed in, “We think what you’re doing for Kev’s brother is cool as hell.”

“Right!” Jesse added, “I’d go insane out in some desert with no companionship.”

“This is just ... a lot to consider. I’ve only been with Damian.”

Kevin eyes her with an intimidating stare that made her pause for a moment. The lingering gaze made her sweat and go all tingly inside. She shouldn’t feel that way. Finally, Kevin spoke out his own opinion, “The only way you will get bolder is if we help you along. If my Bro wasn’t pissed over our kissing and touching you then I don’t think we should sweat, it by holding back. We touch wherever we want and kiss on what we want.”

Her jaw dropped at his aggressive approach and a wetness suddenly became evident to her lower regions. Swallowing dryly, she basically repeats herself, “As long as it doesn’t go beyond that, I think I’ll be okay.”

Kevin shakes his head negatively at her, “No. Our boldness will help you. You and Damian asked our help, so I intend to show my Bro what you are capable of. Would you rather us leave and forget about doing this?”

Candi sat in awe. Suddenly, Kevin was becoming arrogant, almost controlling in what sounded like some ultimatum. Yet, she also knew she needed him and at least Roger to get Damian’s videos recorded. What Damian wanted he would receive. End of subject! Scooting forward on the sofa Candi stood up to face Kevin, “No! I don’t want you to leave. Just be reminded that I am married to Damian Palmer. Your brother. If I get hurt, he will take it out on you.”

Kevin’s teammates began whispering amongst themselves as she turns to face them, “Natives getting restless?” They chuckle awkwardly as she turns her attention to Roger, “Get that camera ready. I am going to trust each and every one of you. I want to continue making sexy videos for my husband so if you intend to help in the future don’t make me regret this. Deal?” Consensus sealed! As smoking hot as Candi Palmer was not one of them would miss out on this adventure. Still, they did look slightly disappointed. That or the alcohol was goading her into making them happy. Unable to blink as she examined their faces then the erections beneath predominately sweatpants, she turned her back to them and took a deep breath. “So hard!” Not what she knew she had to accomplish. Totally their lively cocks.

Already in hand Roger gets up and moves to the side of the room facing the sectional sofa. “Ready when you are Sexy.” She in response goes over to her stereo and turns on some music, planned in advance after pondering her t-shirt earlier. In This Moment made sense to her, Maria Brink smiling at her girl for taking the chance. She loved to dance and knew that Damian loved to watch her dance. His little stripper he always called her. It had been a while since she had danced for her hubby, not since he had gone off to the Middle East. She intended to give him the striptease of his life.

Camera rolling, she begins her trance. Dancing always made her lose her soul, today would be no exception while her gyrations maintained their gaze. She moved about the room facing one man after another, each time playfully rolling her tongue around her lips and squeezing her melon like chest together through her tank top, nipples erupting through the thin fabric with vigorous swell. Bending over in front of Victor she began slapping her own ass, her tight white shorts riding high and creeping deep up within her thighs. Hands rose to palm her cheeks which led her to twerk a bit. While not the traditionally thick cheeks needed, she still managed enough to enjoy.

Hopping up on her coffee table she slithers about coaxing her tank top off and over her head after a series of playful will she or won’t she temptations. Discarded over the camera for effect, she danced palming her 38C’s as well as pinching her nipples taunt. For long moments she moved her hips sensually before stepping down and choosing her target as Jesse. Straddling his lap, she started to gyrate her ass, grinding on him until she could feel his erection stab up at her. Razzing him with her tongue she continued rolling her constricted shorts back and forth along his inseam. His head flew back to land on the couch and let out a whooping, “FUCK YES!” It made her giggle knowing he enjoyed her company. A beguiling look at the camera she spoke out.

“I think I have his attention, Damian. Do I have yours?” Lashes batted!

As her eyes bulged at his girth, she leaned forward to plant her breasts directly into his face. She crushed her cleavage around his cheeks, tensing up at his volcanic exhales on her flesh. As she pulled back, he followed her forward and took the chance of sucking on her nipples. Candi froze up and wanted to leap away but she knew that reaction might get caught on film and upset Damian. The longer she allowed it the more she desired it.

Sensually dangling her head back, she allowed his mouth to playfully feed on her as she watched the camera. “I DEFINITELY have his attention.” She called out toward the camera repeating her words as a guarantee so that Damian could hear her over the music. “Am I allowed to like this? If not you need to tell me what is too far, Mister Palmer.” Her sighs built up as it felt more and more erotic. With a deep breath she broke away by nudging Jesse back into the sofa before offering a kiss to Jesse’s lips. Mind blown that she would kiss him on the mouth Jesse sat stunned then shot his own remark toward the camera.

“She kissed me, not my kissing her. Don’t shoot me.”

“Dude! You sucked her nipples. If he’s going to shoot your ass it’d be for that.” Andy busted up.

With Andy having fun at her expense, she crawled over Jesse to greet Andy next to him. As she stretched out over his lap laying on her tummy, he roamed his hands up her spine and across her white shorts lightly patting her ass and running an index finger along her crease and inevitably touching her pussy. The sensation of a man touching her cunt even through her shorts sparked her enthusiasm. That deserved a reward as Candi lifted her butt and twerked the best she could while eyeballing the camera.

“You always loved it when I tried to twerk for you. I’ll get better at it I promise.”

“DAMN RIGHT YOU WILL!” Andy slapped her ass making her yelp. “SHAKE IT BITCH!” Beet red in the face she did just that. Chuckles around her she could not resist joining them. This was fun as much as funny.

While allowing Andy to pamper her tenderly where he had aggressively swatted her, she peered up at Roger. Licking her lips and blowing a kiss for Damian was important, but in the end, Roger kissed at her back. Mischievous eyes led astray toward Brent beside Andy; Candi ventured forth letting her palm slide along his erection. She marveled at its definition surmising it to be an easy 7-inches. At that point she questioned how far she should go. Damian wanted bold, but the question was, bold as in her own nudity or as in the skin of others?

Instead, she chose to roll over in Andy’s lap facing up to look him in the eye. She pouts as she uses her finger to reel in Roger for a close-up. Eying the camera she softly spoke, “Hi, Baby! I’m going to get bolder like you wanted. I’m not certain your definition of bolder, so blame yourself if I go too far on my own. I love you, Damian. I’m going to let Andy here take my shorts off now. Be with you in a moment.” She then palms Andy’s face with a tender caress and whispers, “Help me, Andy. I need you to feel my bare ass.” Roger zoomed in every chance he could for effect.

Andy in turn reaches down and unbuttons her shorts. Undone he assists pulling them off of her rising hips and past her thighs. Within seconds he tosses them on the floor. After changing clothing earlier, she was not wearing panties, G-string begone. Both Brent beside him and Andy admired her freshly shaven pussy. Only a very fine golden strip of peach fuzz bordered her sweet-smelling snatch. Running her fingers through it she gradually dips across her vulva to moisten her fingertips. She then raises that hand behind her head to Brent’s mouth. He in turn licks her fingers. This released a moan out of Candi, the beautiful blonde was becoming intensely aroused.

Zooming in on her face for emotion Roger made certain that Damian could read her expressions. Discovering him Candi plants her fingers up inside her cunt for a refuel then lifts those fingers toward the camera. Shifting focus Roger sucked upon her fingertips before smacking his lips and uttering, “Damn Damian! Your ole lady’s pussy tastes sweet.”

Hearing that made her leap up in Andy’s lap, turning to face him. She gyrated her bare thighs over his erection, her labia molding around his tentpole girth. Once again, she kissed her target with a lingering open mouth, tongues swirling as Roger panned in on their sweltering kiss. It was easy to hear both participants were enjoying their union.

Seconds pass before she eases away from his lap to rest on her knees in the carpet at Andy and Brent’s feet. Seated on her bare feet she admires the tented erections of Andy and Brent. Leaning in she rolls her palms over their rock-hard cocks, both young men groaning at her attentiveness. Five more tender hand rolls over them she turns her profile to Roger, “They’re so hard. Do you think they like me, Damian? I wonder? Can I let them jerk off for me later?” Roger shakes the camera as if Damian giving permission, it made her giggle, “I take that as a yes.” Risk was what he wanted, risk he would get.

As Candi crawls away from them reaching Jesse, again extending a hand to pinch at his jeans. “My Jesse, you must be a big boy. Do you want to jack off for me beside Andy and Brent?” She eyes Victor and wags her tongue at him, “How about you Victor? You’re saluting me. Jack off for me?” That sofa fantasy just might come true she thought to herself.

No reply of certainty she eyes Kevin knowing that his buddies were waiting on his approval to take the blame. In turn she reverts her eyes to the camera, “Should I let your little brother jack off for me too? You created this monster, Damian. I’m going to allow him too. Is that bold enough for you? I guess I’ll find out if you start yelling at me. Just know I do this for you.”

Kevin sneers at the camcorder then leans over her while she talks to the camera. He clutches her hair and yanks her upward until she crawls into his lap. His aggression scared her some, but she resisted any panic attack. Pulling her up higher into him Kevin Palmer wraps his arms around her waist and buries his face into her tits. Her nipples are bitten and sucked on intensely forcing dangerous moans of pleasure throughout her body. Again, Roger zeroed in on her emotional exploits. Hearing her mumbled, “Oh, fuck!” she began panting and coddling the back of Kevin’s scalp. “That feels so good.” Kevin was a beast suddenly, moving from one nipple to the other, then back again, his hands gripping her ass cheeks to keep her aloft.

As her brain explodes with desire Kevin runs his right hand up her spine to her neck and drags her into a kiss. She resisted at first until she realized he wasn’t going to give up. Only fair after making out with Andy and Jesse she overcame her reluctance due to Kevin’s relationship as her family. She then stormed her brother-in-law’s mouth with a vengeance. Five feverish minutes he kissed her and ran his hands all over her back as she rose on her own to maintain the enthusiasm behind her seduction. Lowering his hands to clutch her ass cheeks a second helping Kevin pried her crack wide so that Roger could get a good shot of her butt pucker and juicy twat. So juicy as a matter-of-fact Roger captured it trickling onto Kevin’s sweatpants.

The kiss released Candace dangled her head back as Kevin kissed and sucked upon her throat. The no hickies rule abandoned she opened her eyes toward the camera as Kevin continued his assault. Candi seductively whispered, “I love your brother’s hunger for me. It reminds me of you when you went all bestial. I’m not going to say this is wrong Damian. If you feel it is, then you will forbid me to never go this far again. I will obey what you decide. I only submit to this for you.”

Tiring of the moment Kevin nudged her off of him, guiding Candi to sit with her back to Victor and Jesse, sharing both laps. Roger was having troubles holding the camera steady as he drew closer to her, her legs wide to offer a succulent pussy shot. Finally, Roger dropped to his knees in front of Candi and turned her by the legs to face him better. He then handed the camcorder up to Jesse to hold it down on Roger himself. Arms surrounding her legs he drags her into position then greedily buried his face into her sopping wet pussy. Candi tensed up knowing in her heart a line was being crossed here. Gaze darting toward Kevin she tried not to moan in delight but was failing miserably.

“Kevin?”

Her brother-in-law sneered back at her as she responded to Roger’s doubled up fingers inside her vulva, tongue lapping at her clitoris with ambitious wags. “You’re not bold enough yet. Moan for my brother!” In response she creases her brow and lets out a deafening howl of pent-up ecstasy.

“OHHHH, FUCK! YESSSSS! SO DEEP! I LOVE THIS DAMIAN.”

Kevin jumped up and stole the camcorder from Jesse, standing over Candi and Roger. He zoomed in on Roger’s feeding frenzy exploring his buddy’s rolling tongue in and out of Candi’s dripping pussy, fingers twisted and ramming deep to encourage her cries of complimentary assault and battery. Her face straining turned beet red as she eyed the camera with crystal blue influence. Kevin feeling the adrenalin within him surging snarled, “Is this bold enough for Damian, Candi? IS IT?”

She finds her throat dry as she whimpers. Losing muscle control, it takes Jesse to slip his arms under hers and squeeze both of her breasts tightly to hold her in place, bruises in the morning most definitely. Victor wanted in as well so dared to reach around she and Jesse’s arm to grip her throat, his other hand pulling her hair from behind. The cries increased at their overpowering actions. Kevin panned in on her face to absorb every ounce of appeal she might be thinking. Candace Palmer could not find it in her to beg them to stop. Damian wanted more; she gave him her all. No words of anguish spoken at Kevin’s outburst she simply moaned and mumbled her love for Damian. It was essentially a chant.

Roger refused to let up as he added a third finger inside her pussy while he bit at her clitoris. His fingers dug deep and moved rapidly in and out causing her to spasm and cum all over his wrist and chin. With no real response Kevin asked again in hopes to spark a fire in her persona, “Answer me, Candi! Do you feel that this is enough for Damian? Are you bold enough?”

She breathes heavily, drool pouring from her lower lip at Victor’s grip on her throat. Looking up at Kevin with timid eyes she finally sucks up her pride and whispers, “No! I need to be bolder.”

“WHAT WAS THAT?”

“BOLDER! I WILL BE BOLDER! I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE FOR MY MAN.”

At her outburst Kevin pats Roger on the back and motions him to vacate. Peeling soaked fingers from her cunt Roger drew a wet heart on her belly then fed her his fingers. She sucked upon them without resistance, eyes rolling back at her delivery. As soon as Roger stepped back taking his fingers with him her eyes returned to normal and sought out what came next. Glaring down at Candi, Kevin lowers his sweats in front of her, revealing an awe-inspiring 8-inch cock thick with grandeur. It was easily a twin of his brother’s. Awestruck she realized she couldn’t stop staring at it as he stroked that monster in front of her. It was then Kev motioned the others to join him.

“Man up you Pussies!”

Released by both Victor and Jesse she slips from their laps to the rug and sits up on her knees. Coffee table scooted back she crawled away to give them all room at Kevin’s point toward a spot on the carpet. Shedding a tear as Jesse, Andy, Victor, and Brent stood up nudging around her like a prison Candi darted her eyes from boy to boy. Demanding no tears Kevin reached down and again snatched up her hair to position her on the floor facing him. At his physical command Candi fought off a mounting torrent of tears, not wanting Damian to witness her crying.

Kevin removed his hand from his dick, “My hand is tired. Jack me off!”

Roger panned the camera onto Kevin’s cock as her trembling hands reached up to clasp her palms around his monster, fingers curling that worthy beast. She looked directly into Kevin’s eyes the entire time her hands stroked him envisioning Damian, they did look very much alike. “Tell Damian what you want.”

She glares at the camera, loudly speaking up, “To make him proud of me!”

Stroking Kevin with both hands harder and harder Candace faces his cock with an expectation on her face. “Cum for me Kevin.” A swift smile toward the camera to verbally add, “Cum for me Damian.” Same DNA! Kevin shook his head at how good it felt. He wanted more from Candi but forced himself to say no. Respect was there yet fading fast.

Biting her lower lip feeling Kevin’s blood flow throbbing within his beast, her thoughts raced. “I’m not being bold enough. I’m being told what to do here when I presumed, I should be the one dictating what I do. Dammit! From here on I do what I need to.” With a tempered gaze Candi lowers her mouth under Kevin’s cock and swallows his scrotum, fingers keeping rhythm over her brow. The move forced Kevin to stammer in his step. He hadn’t expected this from Candi. She sucked on one ball then the other pulling and tugging, then engulfed both at once. Her hands persistent he was quickly confirming a bitch’s brew.

Finally, Kevin pulled her away and gripped her by the back of her head and rammed his cock into her mouth. He force-fed her throat making her gag and spill saliva down her over her chin. Eyes bulging, she took what Kevin gave her as Roger documented her every gurgle. Three minutes of scarlet expression he pulled free and splattered her face in a massive load of cum. Roger zoomed in capturing every thread, every droplet that peppered her features.

Before she could react, Kevin forced her to turn on her knees and await Jesse, and Victor to add their cum to his. Five minutes expire before they drench her brow and nose, in the process slapping her face in a tag team of dueling erections creating one hell of a milky mess. Swiftly on her own she rotates to Brent and Andy who grunted another coat of cum on her cheeks and upper lip. Candi Palmer licked her lips of oozing cum and eyed the camera. “I know you need more. I can just sense it Damian. Do you still think your wife is beautiful? I’m not finished.” She coddles Andy’s beast with her cheek then kisses his beast before progressing onward.

Reaching up to Roger’s zipper she wrestles with his jeans, guiding them to his knees, then pulls out his bobbing 6-inch cock. Without another thought she swallows his girth and fiercely sucked on it, her fingers moving under to squeeze his balls. Like a starving child she devours him until his cum torpedoes into her mouth. The massive load frothing between her lips she released his cock, awaiting Roger to steady his camera hand. When ready she showed off her fully coated features and mouth full of milky jizz. She swishes it around playfully then swallows it, wiping her face with her fingers then licking them dry until there was no more to partake in. Acting bubbly at her dinner served she blows the camera a kiss.

“Thank you for loving me, Damian.”

Kevin claims the camera shining it on his face, “How was that video, Bro? Wasn’t Candi Hot!? Here’s the wife.” He points it down at her with a wink.

Candi shivers settling back on her ass and getting comfortable, “That was honestly more than I intended to do. I hope you liked it. I need you, Damian. Not all of this. I only did this for you. Would I do it again? For you absolutely! I’m sensing this is becoming about their needs all of a sudden. Not that I’m complaining if it’s what you want. I don’t think that wearing your baby brother’s cum is something for me to be proud of. No disrespect Kevin. What’s done is done. Just know I love you, Hubby. Forever!”

Camera off Kevin helps her up. “I’m only trying to help, Sis!”

“If you say so. I guess we’ll find out. Not trying to be a bitch but after that I... “ She freezes in retreat toward her staircase and looks back at the boys zipping up and changes her tune. “ ... look forward to your help again. Can I count on all of you if Damian still requests more?” Roger produces the camera chip and sits it on her coffee table for her to witness. A smile was enough thanks.

“Anything you need. We’re here for you.” Victor spoke first. Confirmed by all she took a huge risk and walked back to each of them and gave them a hug each of them lifting her off of her feet to share in her offered embrace. With each hug she took their hands and placed them on her ass as her way of showing them she was fine. Kevin last, he nodded for his team to head out. As they left the house Kevin held his arms out awaiting his unfulfilled hug.

“I’m not mad. That was fun even if it was solely for Damian. You reminded me of him tonight when you got aggressive toward me. Damian always took charge. I miss him, Kevin.”

“I know! Are you prepared if Damian wants you to go all the way?”

“As long as he is prepared for my becoming addicted to this.” She smirked. “I need a shower now.”

“Want me to grab Roger’s camcorder and record you showering?”

“Another night. You have school tomorrow and it’s getting late. Kevin?”

“Yeah?”

“I’m prepared for ... you. IF it comes to that.”

“I’m not even going to hide the fact I want to fuck every hole on your body.” He chuckled. “IF it comes to that. You know it’s impossible not to fantasize about your sexy ass. Hell, I was jerking off to you when I was fifteen. Even when you and Damian were on your honeymoon.”

“I should have known.” Inspiration struck, “I could make a video wearing my wedding veil.”

“OH, HELL YES! That would be priceless. HERE CUMS THE BRIDE! HERE CUMS THE BRIDE!”

“I just let my garter down.” Guard too! “Go home!”

“Night Sis!”

Lights out! Doors locked!

Download time!

Bottle of wine to polish off.

