Lisa In Psychiatry Ward
by exposition_is_my_fetish

After waking up in a psychiatry ward I (Lisa) get misused.

There I was, in the psychiatrist's room whom I've been waiting half the day for. I got admitted to the psychiatry ward the previous night and right now was basically my first day here. Until now all I was doing was to wait in my empty room except for the morning when I got served a breakfast. It consisted of just one dry slice of bread with a prepackaged portion of butter which already was molten then. I wasn't hungry anyways tho, so it didn't matter.

There was nothing for me to do on my room and because I got admissioned into the secure ward I wasn't allowed to leave or even get a breath of fresh air outside. I looked in the mirror and my face was looking rather empty with eye bags but I clearly still was pretty. I had a rather round face with shoulder long ashen-blond hair and pale green eyes. My favorite feature was my cute nose with freckles around it.

When I was told that the doctor is going to speak to me it got me in a slightly more excited mood. At least it was something to do and I would be getting some information about my situation. At the mentioned time I knocked on his door and sat down on the chair right next to it. At this point I didn't really mind waiting a bit longer, but it still got on my nerves a little. More Waiting. Then about 10 minutes later someone opened the door and asked me in.

It was a typical doctor's room. There was an examination table in one corner and his desk with a big swivel chair for the doctor. On the other side of the desk, they had one of those flimsy plastic chairs for the patient.

After the both of us sat down he greeted me.

"Hello Lisa, I'm Dr. Clemens. Pleasure to meet you. Firstly, I would like to fill out this patient sheet, if you answer me a few questions."

"Yes, of course." I replied.

"Great, what's your full name?", he asked.

"Lisa Meier."

"Ok, your Age?"

"18."

The form contained general questions about me and my mental state of the last eight weeks. Moreover, which event led to my admission. During that time, I was in a severe depressive episode. My daily life was quite limited. Most days I spent in bed doing nothing. Not going to school or even leaving the house. It could already be considered a small success when I went to the kitchen to eat something. That led to my physical condition also rapidly declining. Normally I train often because I do sprint semi-professionally but due to the lack of food and any kind of movement, I got quite weak. I developed insomnia and to get some sleep back I got prescribed benzos. After being on them for some time one evening I grabbed a handful and swallowed them. Next thing I knew I woke up here.

After having answered all the questions the Dr. Clemens continued.

"Thank you for answering all those questions so cooperatively. Since you got hospitalized compulsorily, we have to perform a search. We didn't have the time for it yesterday, so I suggest we do it now. If you would please undress yourself."

I did not expect something like that and wanted to oppose him, but he reaffirmed that the search wasn't optional and had to be done. He ordered me to get and undress which I obeyed. I was standing in the middle of the room with the door to my back and the doctor in front of me, separated by his desk.

At first, I took of my shoes, then I pulled my hoodie over my head and took off my sweatpants. Then I placed my clothes on the chair I was sitting on and stood in front of him waiting in only my underwear.

"Ok." I spoke.

My voice showed that I was done undressing in my opinion, and I wasn't too happy having to do it in front of him.

"Ok?", he repeated me, "You need to take off everything. Socks, bra and pants, too."

I had to get it done. I began by taking off my socks and stood on the cold ground barefoot now. Then I moved on to my bra. I reached to my back with one hand and undid the clasp. With the other hand I held the bra in place from the front, so that it didn't just fall immediately. Technically, that was unnecessary because I knew the doctor will see my naked breasts anyway, but I still felt uncomfortable just doing it. I lingered for a few seconds and then put my bra on the chair as well and now stood there in only my panties. My breasts were small with small pink nipples. Because the floor was so cold my nipples were hard and pointed forward and slightly upwards. You could also quite clearly see I had goose bumps all over my body. I proceeded fast and pulled my pants down to my knees and stepped out of them with one leg first and then the other. I had some blonde hair growing in my intimate area, but it was thin and soft and barely did anything to cover for me. Completely naked I now stood in the middle of the room and just wanted it to end as fast as possible.

"Great, Lisa, I have to take a few pictures for the patient records. To see if your body shows signs of any past self-harm. Like scars or open wounds." He explained.

When I looked at him, he already held his phone pointing it at me and I could here the typical click sound when taking a picture.

"That's it from the front. Now I just need one from the side and from the back." He continued.

I didn't know what to do really. Still, I obeyed him again. I turned my naked back to him and let him take a picture of me. Then I turned to the side. That felt particularly bad because I was so conscious about how you could perfectly see my hard nipples pointing in a upward angle.

"Can I have my stuff back now?" I asked.

I felt so humiliated I just wanted my clothes back fast.

"Not quite yet, because we have to search your clothes as well. In addition, I suggest that we proceed with the physical examination now that you are already naked." He replied.

He probably could see the shock on my face because he continued.

"I can offer you a patient gown at least. While I am getting it, I can also take your clothes with me and give them to the staff to search them."

I just nodded, to me everything sounded better than being completely naked right now.

He then got up, picked up my clothes and headed for the door while I was still standing naked in the middle of the room. He opened the door and turned back to me.

"If you want you can sit down on the examination table while waiting. I'll be right back."

Then he left with my clothes but without closing the door. Once more I didn't know what to do but it wasn't like I had much of a choice anyways. So, I sat down on the table and waited. My eyes kept glancing to the open door, and I hoped no one would pass by and just look in here. To be careful I sat in a way that at least my breasts and between my legs was hidden.

Meanwhile, the doctor just arrived at the nurses' office where three of them were present at the moment with nothing to do. Two of them were male in their mid-40s, fat with unkempt beard and hair. The third one was only 19, just beginning his nursing training and also male.

"The young woman who arrived in the night is in my room right now. I have her clothes here if someone could search them. She also wanted a patient gown which the other of you can bring her now." Dr. Clemens told the older nurses. He then turned to the trainee and continued, "Meanwhile, I show you how to add photos to a medical record."

From these words, the nurses could roughly see what the situation was and the nurse who was assigned to bring Lisa the patient's gown was already thinking about the sight of the 18-year-old Lisa who would be exposed naked to him. He has already seen her when she arrived and noticed her attractive face and petite body back then. On that night she was still groggy from her meds, she bent over and unknowingly gave him a peek under her hoodie. She was still wearing a bra and that was it, but he couldn't get the sight of her small breasts out of his head.

I still sat in the doctor's room and waited. So far nobody has walked past the open door and looked in. But now I heard footsteps coming from outside. While I didn't want the doctor to come back and continue the exam, I didn't want anyone else to come by and see me, as well.

The footsteps got louder and louder and then finally the nurse who was supposed to deliver me the patient's gown entered. I was kinda surprised and embarrassed to be exposed to yet another person naked. I glanced over at him as he walked in, but then quickly lowered my gaze to the floor, unable to bear the humiliation of looking at him as I sat naked in front of him. I tried to cover myself with my arms as much as possible, but that didn't help make me feel any better.

The nurse could hardly believe his luck, never in his life had he seen such a perfect looking 18-year-old naked.

"Lisa Meier? I have a patient's gown here for you," then he closed the door behind him and continued, "and..." keeping his eyes glued on my body.

A few seconds passed in which he didn't say anything else and I nervously asked, "So?", turning my gaze back to him, expecting an answer.

"Dr. Clemens said something went wrong with the photos and we have to take new ones. I'm responsible for that this time. So please stand up and face me face on." He continued.

Until then I was still trying to hide and cover myself, so I couldn't believe my bad luck. Also, I've seen the man before. He occasionally worked as a cashier at the supermarket near me and he was always conspicuously rude, ugly and unkempt. I just hoped the man didn't recognize me and now I had to present myself to him naked.

As I got up, the nurse took out his cell phone. He walked towards me and the closer he got, the more uncomfortable I became. With only about two or three steps left, he then stopped and crouched slightly. The cell phone was level with and aimed directly at my pubic area but he was using the wide angle lens mode, so he still had my whole body and face in frame.

"Ok." he said as I heard multiple clicks, signaling the camera was triggered. However, I did not object at the time.

"For the next photo you can sit down on the couch again. It's best to be at the very front on the edge and spread your legs as wide as you can. You know, young women in particular often use their inner thighs to self-harm, so we need to document that area more closely.", he instructed me further.

"When the doctor did it, that wasn't one of the photos he took." I tried to retort.

"Yes, that's exactly why we have to do it now. So, if you would hurry up a little." he sounded annoyed.

I then proceeded to actually do what he told me to. I sat down on the table, slid my butt all the way forward and spread my legs as best I could. As a sprinter, I was quite flexible. The result wasn't a split because my knees were still bent, but in my privates, where he would take the picture, the result was almost the same.

I was in position when he stepped in front of me and dropped to his knees. I couldn't stand the shame of looking and turned my face sideways to face the wall. He got his head and phone so close to my vagina that I could feel his cold breath between my legs. Nevertheless, I remained in the position. Shortly thereafter, I heard the multiple shutter releases of his camera.

"That's done then, here's your gown" he said. He put his phone back in his pocket and then hurriedly left the room, leaving the door open again.

While I was still getting up to get the patient's gown, which the nurse left lying on the plastic chair the doctor came back. He noticed that I was still naked even though the gown was in the room now and he probably thought I'd have had enough time to put it on.

"I see you have decided to stay naked. I mean you really don't have anything to be ashamed of." He commented.

"No, I-" Lisa was about to answer.

"I brought our new trainee with me here. I would like to show him how an initial examination is done." The doctor interrupted her and the young trainee entered while Lisa was standing in the room naked.

His eyes were instantly drawn straight on my exposed body and you could tell he was a little shy, but he kept his gaze on me. Again, I knew him, he used to go to the same school as me, but I never really spoke to him since he was a grade above me. Now he seems to have just started his training at the psych ward.

Why is this doctor just letting anyone walk in here while I'm naked? I got annoyed.

"I don't think that's a good idea and I don't want him involved." I replied feeling like my words left no room for interpretation. Speaking my mind felt good, and I hoped that was it for now.

"Lisa, such an opportunity doesn't come along too often and it is important for his education. Let's at least begin, him helping out would make it easier for me, too. So, if you could sit down on the examination table again, please.", he replied.

I didn't expect him to just straight up reject me like that and didn't know how to react. Then, quite automatically, I sat down again. I didn't have the confidence to contradict him.

"Good. Nice of you that you cooperate with us, Lisa. First of all, can you please say "Ah" and open your mouth wide?" the doctor ordered me.

Like that the investigation commenced. I sat naked on the table and the trainee watched as the doctor examined me. Again, and again the doctor spoke to him and recommended that if he looked from here or there he could get a better angle to see what he was doing exactly.

I was supposed to look up, stick my tongue out and say "Ah" as they looked down at me from above. They weighed me, I should touch my toes while keeping my feet straight and hop a few times, while they observed. Then I was supposed to lie down on the table and apply force with my foot against his hand he was holding me with.

Meanwhile, the trainee stood at the end of the far end of the table and looked at the area between my legs. Nevertheless, I continued with the investigation, it couldn't get any worse. And it went on with the stupidest things, e.g. he demonstrated the knee reflex trick on me and asked me to stretch my arms out to the side and wave them up and down as fast as I could.

It went on like this until the doctor said to the trainee, "We're almost done now. We just have to take her temperature and I think you can do that. Else it is getting a little boring, no?"

"If you would please turn onto your stomach, back to us, Lisa." The doctor ordered me.

I turned onto my stomach and the trainee came to the side of the doctor who was explaining, "We have to insert the fever thermometer into the anus. To do this, you hold the thermometer in one hand and with the other you grab one buttock and pull it to the side until a slight opening forms in her anus. Then you insert the thermometer in one motion."

I couldn't believe my ears, but as if to give more credence to his words, the doctor demonstrated it directly. He grabbed my left buttock and pulled it uncomfortably far to the side.

"As you can see, it's not so easy to achieve an opening of her anus, but if you pull enough, it will be alright. You probably know what a vagina is, although a much wider opening is being created there - you can even see her inner vagina, which is much pinker than her outer labia - the vagina is not suitable for measuring the body temperature." The doctor explained, as if I wasn't even there.

"Then you can give it a try now," the doctor recommended as the trainee just nodded.

The doctor stepped aside and made room for the trainee. The trainee then leaned over my butt and looked down at it from directly above. Then, as the doctor told him earlier, he took one hand, grabbing my butt cheek and spread it apart. He pulled slowly and I could feel my vaginal lips slowly parting. I could actually feel the opening increasing millimeter by millimeter as the cold air caused a strong sensation on the damp skin. But he had to keep pulling, as apparently my anus hasn't formed an opening yet. When it got almost painful, he stopped and a moment later I winced suddenly having shoved the thermometer in my butthole.

"Very well done, you can now let go of her buttock again, the thermometer stays in her anus now," the doctor praised him, "I even have everything on video with my HD camera, you even might be able to use that in your presentation at the nursing school someday," the doctor joked, apparently.

I turned my head back and sure enough he was standing at the other end of the examination table with his phone lined up between my legs. My heart felt like it stopped for a moment and tears rolled down my eyes, but I tried to hide the fact that I was crying, burying my face in the table.

"The measuring process will take about 5 minutes and then we will be done here. Meanwhile we have to take care of something else and I'll be right back," the doctor told me.

Then the both of them left the room leaving the door open again. But I almost didn't care now, if someone looked in, they would see the thermometer stuck in my ass and stick out of it, whatever. I just tried to block out everything around me and kept burying my face in the table.

It must have been the extreme stress of the situation, but I fell asleep in no time. Still with the thermometer in my butt.

When I woke up, I was still laying on the couch in the doctor's office, but I had no idea how much time had passed. I feared what they could have done to me while I was sleeping after everything that happened. Of course, I was still naked, but the thermometer was no longer in my bottom.

As I moved, I heard the doctor's voice, "She's asleep, but the examination and the interview are already over. We should take her to her room."

This news sounded like pure bliss to me and I wanted to signal that I woke up, "I'm awake again. I think I can go myself."

"Ah, Lisa, nice. You dozed off for a moment, so I called Bernd here to carry you to your room. But apparently that's not needed anymore" the doctor replied.

I looked at the man next to him. I had never seen him, but he was of the same type as the other fat nurse who took pictures of me for the second time.

"Here is your patient's gown, you can use it for now. Unfortunately, you're not allowed to have your clothes at the moment. But if you really hate the shirt that much, you don't have to wear it," the doctor joked again.

The shirt was lying on the chair and Bernd, the nurse, was standing right next to it. But I didn't care about that then. I got up and headed straight towards the shirt and Bernd and picked it up. It was basically just a flimsy paper robe. I pulled it over my head and stretched my arms up so it could slide down my body. When I wore it, it was so short that it barely covered my butt and it was dangerously short in the front, too. In addition, it hardly helped to hide my nipples, they were easily visible and noticeable through the thin fabric.

"You may go now Lisa, thanks again for your cooperation," the doctor saw me off.

I then quickly left the doctor's office and made my way to my room. I kept walking past people, but I was so embarrassed that my eyes were fixed on the floor and my only goal was to reach my room. Slowly, my fast walk turned into a slow jog and then a run, like that I reached my room fairly quickly and entered, closing the door behind me.

It all seemed like a nightmare and I was suddenly exhausted again. I lay down on my bed the way I was, covered myself with a blanket and fell asleep.

An uncertain time later, I woke up. Bernd, as the doctor called him, stood next to me waking me up.

"These are the drugs that Dr. Clemens intended for you first", he explained to me and handed me three pills.

I was practically still asleep, swallowed the meds with a sip of water, turned over and fell back asleep.

When I woke up again, I saw through a window that it was already dark outside, but there was a light in my room. I heard voices but couldn't quite make out what they were saying. I was even more foggy than earlier when I fell asleep immediately due to my exhaustion and stress. Only gradually did I even notice the strange position I was forced in.

It appears I was on all fours on my bed. My forearms and lower legs were pinned to the bed, my butt was in the air, and my breasts were drooping. In general, I could hardly move, only my torso could sway forwards or backwards, but I couldn't move sideways.

I tried focusing on the voices and I could make out the voices of the two fat nurses.

"I think she's woken up now. The meds you gave her really knocked her out," said one.

"That's what they're there for," said the other.

Although I could hear their words, I didn't really understand the meaning behind them, I was completely beside myself.

"Before we fuck her let me take one more picture of her cunt, I want to take another one afterwards and see the differences before and after," one said.

"You're as nasty on the inside as you are on the outside," the other replied, walking towards me. He stood behind me and reached around me to grab my breasts with both hands.

"Her tits are so soft and fit my hands perfectly," he described to the other.

"Yes, I love her small tits and nipples," said the other.

Then he took the picture he was talking about earlier, right of my cunt from a few inches away. While I was aware of all this, I was not yet in a state of mind were I was able to form thoughts or speak.

"I'm already so hard, let me on her mouth," said one.

He walked in front of me, dropped his pants and pulled out his penis right in front of my face. His penis was on the small side, partly because it was being swallowed up by his body fat and hair was growing all over it. It had an awful stench which infiltrated my nose. It was the most disgusting smell I ever encountered. Then he pulled his foreskin back and the stench even intensified. Beneath it there was a layer of a white, crumbly substance.

"Lick it clean, you dirty little cunt," he ordered me.

I've never taken a penis in my mouth before and when I had sex with my boyfriend he would shower beforehand and it was all hygienic. Now it was very different. I could hear, see, smell and taste, but I had little control over my body and could not think straight. But I still kind of opened my mouth.

"You stupid whore, you should lick it clean, not just open your mouth," he insulted me.

I moved my entire head forward and took the front part of his cock in my mouth and used my tongue to scrape away the white stuff that was beneath his foreskin. On the one hand it was the most disgusting thing I've ever done, but in my condition, I wasn't aware of what I was actually doing, I was just doing what he told me to do.

"Look at me, bitch," he said.

I kept his cock in my mouth and looked up at him with my green eyes. I saw him smirk at holding his cell phone, filming everything.

"How does my cock taste, sweetheart? Answer into the camera," he ordered me.

"Hnghan," I wanted to say gross, but I couldn't because I still had his penis in my mouth, but I wouldn't be able to speak anyways right now.

"Isn't she the cutest?" he spoke to the other guy.

"You're sick," the other replied simply.

Then he took my head in both hands and moved it forcefully back and forth along his cock. His cock actually entered my throat and it was a really unpleasant sensation but I didn't have to vomit. He started slowly but he kept accelerating until he was violently fucking my face. The sight of me there could by no means have been beautiful. My eyes were half shut with an unfocused gaze, my hair was completely ruined and a mixture of spit, the white stuff from his cock and his precum was spilling out of my mouth.

My whole body rocked back and forth along with my head and my breasts swayed back and forth uncontrollably.

"Stop for a second," the other interrupted him.

"Don't tell me what to do, idiot," the other replied.

"Just a moment, I want in her pussy," one retorted aggressively.

I then was stuck between the two fat, ugly, smelly men, one in front and one behind, and they fucked me in a mutual rhythm. I was still completely beside myself and there were no signs that my condition would improve any time soon. But probably, in this situation, it was better that way.

Even though I was drugged out of my mind, I felt that the man who was in my vagina had a larger penis. It was an unfamiliar feeling and in my absent-mindedness, my body began to enjoy the sensation.

"Shit, her pussy is tighter than my wife's ass. If only I could always fuck young things like that," said the one fucking my pussy.

They kept fucking me and sometimes he would slap my ass or grab my boobs roughly and I felt multiple orgasms coming. The two men could not have been any less attractive, but my body didn't seem to care about that.

I came with a low, uncontrolled groan, "Hngh," and the two men laughed at that.

"She's just too cute, even when she comes she's still adorable," laughed

one.

Eventually the men switched sides and the bigger cock was in my mouth. My jaw hurt and with every thrust it felt like I was going to throw up. But I kept my mouth open and he fucked my face, pulling my head back and forth by my hair.

I actually came once more and then the men seemed to have finished, too.

Sperm drooped out of my vagina, probably from both men.

"Now let me take the after photo for comparison. Her cunt is so open now and it's just the perfect creampie shot," laughed one.

He took a picture like the first one and then used his free hand to stretch and pull on my pussy to get a few different shots.

Then they released me. They put me on my feet, but I crashed hard into the ground almost immediately. I still didn't have proper control over my body. They helped me back up, stabilized me and released me. I swayed a lot, but this time I stood on my own two feet by myself.

I stood naked in front of the two, one pointed his camera at me again and started filming. My sight was probably a depressing one, cum dripping down between my legs and down the corners of my mouth, my gaze blank and my small breasts flushed red from the men's firm grip.

"First wipe the sperm off your face and then give us a smile," he instructed me and I tried to follow forcing a bright smile on my face.

"Much better. Now say that you love our cocks and you don't like anything in the world better," he continued.

I did my best to render his sentence like this, "I luv your cock more than anyone else in the world."

"That should be fine, now get on your knees and press your breasts together with your upper arms and say daddy is the best in a cute voice," he ordered me.

Again, I did as he told me, trying to show off my breasts as best as I could pressing them together and out while showing off in front of the camera. Then speaking in a deliberately high-pitched and supposedly cute voice I said, "I love you, Daddy."

"I love this little one," the guy said, laughing.

Then the two put me back in my bed, cleaned me a bit and covered me up again.

"See you, sweetie," they said as they shut the door behind them.

I knew what happened but didn't truly realize it. The medication still acted very potently, and I quickly fell asleep again.
