A Trip to the Cabin
by showife©

A few weeks ago T came home from work and mentioned that one of the people where she works had posted a cabin for rent notice and would I be interested in getting away for a weekend sometime? We checked into it and found the price reasonable and the drive not too far so we booked it for a weekend.

The owners had told us that it was quite remote, and there was only one neighbor who was an old man that lived by himself. They also told us that he was somewhat of a busy body who kept coming around and telling them what to do and how to fix things in their cabin. We all thought he must just be lonely and needed someone to talk to but that he was harmless in every other way.

We managed to sneak out of work a couple of hours early and beat the rush hour traffic out of town so when we arrived at the cabin it was still mid afternoon. The day was still quite pleasant so we quickly changed clothes and went down to splash around in the lake a bit. 

While we were in the lake we noticed the neighbor was watching us and what we were doing. When I went up to the cabin to grab a couple more bottles of beer I waved at him and he just turned and went inside his place. I brought the beer back to T and while we sat on the dock I teased her and as usual started to pull on her swimsuit ties and soon the halter top of her suit was hanging around her neck, but untied at her back.

We finished our beer and splashed some more in the water as I kept pulling her top aside and showing off her tits. She finally said "what if the old guy sees me?" to which I replied "maybe I want him to see!" She finally said if that was what I wanted she'd need more alcohol so I made another trip to the cabin for beer.

We spent the next hour or so sitting on the dock and splashing in the water while I kept exposing and pulling at her tits. Finally I just pulled her top over her head and tossed it on the dock. T made no effort to cover up and we spent the next half hour or so with her breasts completely bared. 

Even though I couldn't see him I was certain that the old man next door was spying on us and he would have had plenty of opportunity to look at T sitting on the dock with her tits in full view as she faced towards his cabin. 

About that time it was starting to cloud up and cool off a bit so we grabbed our stuff and headed back to the cabin. I dared T to walk back topless and she tossed her top at me and took off at a jog back to the cabin door. I was hoping that the neighbor would get a good long look at her tits bouncing while she jogged back to the door. 

Soon it started to rain so we got a fire going in the fireplace, made some dinner with a couple glasses of wine and after a shower moved into the bedroom. The bedroom was on the side of the cabin facing the neighbor, so our window was only about 50 feet away from his cabin. I had the lights on and the curtain open as T came into the bedroom after her shower. I was hoping that the old man would be able to look across and get some kind of a show.

T asked me for a back rub and after I had oiled her up and rubbed most of the kinks out of her back and shoulders I reached over and grabbed her vibrator. We call in "The Torpedo" since it's waterproof and we often use it in the hot tub. It's about 9 inches and bright pink with multiple settings so it's easy to find a setting to fit whatever she's wanting. 

T was still on her stomach and was squirming a bit as the vibrator did it's job in arousing her while I worked out the last knot in her shoulders. I was just about finished when I happened to catch a glimpse of movement outside our window. 

By now it was dark and the rain had mostly stopped so it was difficult to see outside but I could just see the light reflecting off the old neighbors glasses as he stood about 15 feet away from the window. Of course he had no trouble seeing in as we had the lights on and the curtains open.

I asked T to roll over and as I oiled her tits and her shaved pussy I told her that we had company. She stopped for a moment and then I explained that he was outside, just barely visible, and that I was hoping that we could put on a show for him. I could see her thinking it over and finally she said that as long as he doesn't come inside it would be fun. 

I spent the next 10-15 minutes rubbing the oil on her tits, stomach and pussy with one hand as I worked the vibrator with the other. I think that was about all she could handle as she gave me that little push that means get down there and lick me to an orgasm. As I slid down her body I quickly looked out the window and could see that our neighbor was still watching.

T loves it when I lick her pussy and clit while at the same time I keep working the vibrator in and out of her pussy. I clicked the button to turn it up on high and started to pound the Torpedo in and out of her pussy while I licked her clit and pulled her tits with my other hand. This never takes long and in less than a minute she grabbed my head and held it tight as she had a orgasm that was the longest and hardest that she has had in many months.

When she was finished and the vibrator was shut off and removed she just laid on the bed for a few more minutes. She was of course naked and with her legs spread open, and her pussy spread from the large vibrator I'm sure the neighbor was getting the best look at her naked body that anyone could have who wasn't in the room with us. I rolled her on her side facing the window for a couple more minutes as I snuggled up to her ass and played with her tits. 

She asked what would I like and I couldn't decide between letting the old man watch her give me a blow job or would it be better for her to get on top and ride me so that she would still be totally exposed to his view. 

I gave her the option and I was somewhat surprised that she chose to get on top and straddle me. I slide up in bed a bit and as I moved I once again caught the light shining off his glasses, he was still outside watching us. T got on top and kneeled over me and with one quick move sat down on my cock completely.

I adjusted our positions a bit so that she was about a three quarter view to the window. I didn't want to make it too obvious, but I wanted to make certain that he would get the best view of T's nude body possible. 

I love to pull on T's tits while she's on top and as usual I grab her nipples between my thumb and forefinger and as she moves up and down I pull them side to side, up and down and straight out. I had pinched and pulled them every way that I could and finally I couldn't hold out any longer.

I pulled her down onto my cock by pulling down hard on her nipples as I shot my load into her shaved pussy. After a few moments I let go of her tits and she smiled and asked if I had enjoyed that. The obvious answer was yes, and I asked her if she liked being watched and she said as long as I enjoyed it that was the most important. As she was getting ready to get off me I teased her and asked her to look out the window and wave at the old man.

I was a bit surprised when she fully turned to the window and waved and then as she slide off of me and stood by the bed she was still facing the window and said "there he goes" as she could see him turn around and leave.

We hopped into the shower together and as we washed each other I asked her if she was ready for more fun tomorrow and asked if would she like to tease the old man some more. Her reply was that she'll be ready for whatever I wanted as long as I didn't expect her to fuck or suck the guy.

We'll have to see how the rest of the weekend goes. Maybe we'll need to come back and rent the cabin again this summer.


A Trip to the Cabin - Day 02

T and I had a great nights sleep after our show last night for the old man who was the neighbor next door. After we woke up we had a leisurely breakfast and by 11 am we had finished a bottle of champagne and already had a good start on having a great day.

*

T told me that I should clean up the breakfast dishes as she was going to change into her swimsuit and go out and get some sun and tan a bit. I finished cleaning up the dishes, made a large pitcher of Sangria for later in the day and eventually made it outside to find T napping in the sunshine. She'd taken off the top of her swimsuit and was laying on her back as she let her bared breasts get some sunshine. 

She was on the opposite side of the cabin from our neighbor so she wasn't worried about him seeing her. Even though he'd already seen her nude the night before she wasn't bold enough to start the day off showing her body to him. I teased her a little about the chance she was taking laying on her back but she just shrugged and told me that the old guy wasn't around as she'd heard his truck leave his place so what's the difference anyhow.

I sat in a chair next to her for the nest half hour or so and eventually heard the old guys truck pull up at his cabin. Since he was on the opposite side of the cabin T didn't even move. Although I was certainly enjoying the view of her tits getting baked by the sunshine I thought I'd see if I could add to the situation and tease her a bit but telling her I was going over to meet the neighbor.

As I got up to leave she made some kind of smart remark about not being gone too long and I mentioned that perhaps I'd invite him back for a drink. She just waved goodbye to me and rolled onto her stomach as I rounded the corner of the cabin. It was easy to find the old guy as he was busy unloading his pick up truck.

He didn't seem to friendly, and wouldn't say much or even make eye contact at first but eventually he stopped what he was doing and started to make small talk about the weather, the lake, the neighbors and so on.

I asked him about the rain last night and if it was too wet to be outside and when it looked like he was going to walk away from me I stopped him in his tracks when I said "we didn't mind you watching". He shook his head and muttered something under his breath that I didn't quite hear and then he looked at me and said "you saw me out there watching you?"

I quickly explained that I liked to show off T now and then and since she was in the mood and he was outside I took full advantage of the situation. He asked a few more questions about "swingers and such" to which I explained that only if she was in the mood did we do any exposing, and rarely did we do more.

I told him that T was feeling a little frisky today and perhaps he'd get a chance to see her in person if he cared to come over for a look. It took some more quick talking on my part to convince him that I wasn't kidding him, wasn't going to beat him up or anything but that we could just offer him a cold drink and see what happened after that.

I could see the wheels turning in his head and he finally said "ok" so I told him to follow me and let's see what we can find. As we rounded the corner of the cabin so we were approaching where T was sunning I hollered out to her that I was bringing over the neighbor, just in case she wanted to cover up or run into the cabin instead. 

When we got closer I was pleased to see that she was still laying on her stomach and the top of her swimsuit was nowhere to be seen. It was obvious to me that if she was to get up, or turn over, she would either have to grab the towel she was laying on, or she would have her tits totally exposed to the neighbor.

We walked up and I motioned for him to sit down as I introduced Bill to T. It sounded just like any introduction at work or business, but T was still topless and the sides of her breasts were clearly exposed as she lifted up slightly and said hello. She stayed on her stomach so that she was mostly covered up as we talked a little and learned more about the old man.

After a few more minutes I offered to get something cold to drink for everyone and offered beer or Sangria. Bill didn't know what a Sangria was so opted for the beer and T asked for a Sangria. I think he was hoping that T would get up topless and get the drinks as he looked a bit disappointed when I went into the cabin. I took my time and watched him as he kept moving about and looked T's back, legs and ass over and over agin. T hadn't moved but kept on a conversation with him as I while I was inside.

After a few minutes I came out with the drinks and gave Bill his beer. I put my glass down and asked T where she would like me to put her drink. She said "I'll take it" and with those few words changed the situation completely. As she started to lift herself off of the chaise lounge she pulled up the back of the chair at the same time as she left space between her towel and her naked tits. 

It was like a moment of slow motion as her tits came away from the towel and hung away from her chest swaying side to side as she lifted the back of the lounge at the same time. I could hear a sharp intake of air and looked over to see Bill with his mouth open and his eyes locked on T's bare breasts. Once she'd pulled the chair back high enough she turned around and leaned back on the chair just as if she was fully dressed.

T was naked from the waist up sitting up and facing an almost complete stranger who was sitting just a few feet away from her. Yes, he had seen her nude the night before (which she later told me made it easier for her) but this was almost face to face, in person, exhibitionism of her naked tits. I'll give her credit, she acted as if nothing was different, that it was something she does every day.

I was impressed as T sat and carried on a conversation with the old man for the next 15-20 minutes about his children, his now deceased wife, and why he choose to live up in the cabin with almost nobody around. Evidently he was heart broken when his wife died and since he was a loner anyway he sold his house and moved to this remote cabin.

T noticed that Bill's beer was gone and asked if he'd like another one. When he said yes I started to get up but she told me to stay seated and she'd get it. Bill didn't say anything but just watched T's breasts as she leaned forward and then got up and walked into the cabin. She came back quickly with a round of drinks for everyone and when she walked I could tell that she was already feeling the affects of the champagne and sangrias that she's already consumed. The alcohol and the hot sunshine seemed to be getting her warmed up in more ways than one!

We sat on the deck and before long the small talk was over and everyone seemed to be at a loss for words. I thought I'd see if I could jump our time up to another level so I asked Bill if he enjoyed the show last night. T reached over and swatted me and he quickly nodded and smiled and finally said "hell yea". He told us that he hadn't seen a real live women naked and close up for many years now, and other than a strip joint he'd gone to a few times over the years he hadn't even seen any tits for a long time. 

T was a bit embarrassed by the talk and tried to change the subject but I keep on discussing last night and started to tell Bill about some of the other times that T had either been exposed or exposed herself to others, usually at my request.

I questioned T about how could she be embarrassed since she was sitting there with her titties in exposed to both of us. She tried to say that it was different, but soon lost the argument and settled back into her chair.

By now we had all finished our drinks and T once again offered to get us all another round. As she stood up it was easy to tell that she was more than a bit drunk as she had trouble walking between us. As she went into the cabin I told Bill that I thought she might need some help since she seemed a bit drunk and went to help her.

T was standing in the kitchen and I could see what seemed to be confusion and indecision as she turned towards me and asked "now what"? I said let's get some more drinks and this time she said "now what is going to happen"? I reminded her that she had stated no penetration, no sex, and that I wasn't going to ask her to do anything other than show off for our new neighbor. That seemed to relieve her a bit and as I poured our drinks and opened another beer for Bill I asked her if she was willing to do more. 

She asked what "more" was since she'd already been sitting there half naked for almost an hour while a stranger stared at her tits. I asked to her to consider the "almost naked" part of sitting on the deck. She said "ok, she'd be happy to get dressed" but knew what I was asking her to do. I picked up the drinks and headed out the door and just told her that it was her decision.

It took several more minutes before the cabin door opened and although my back was to the door I could see from the look in Bill's eyes that T had stripped naked. She slowly came into view and remarked about how hot it was getting and she needed to cool off a bit. She sat down on the lounger and after a quick drink from her glass leaned back and turned so her feet were up on the lounger and pointed right at Bill. She sat that way for some time looking like she was laying on a nude beach somewhere soaking up the sunshine. 

After a few minutes she opened her eyes, reached over for another drink and then asked me to get her some sun tan oil. I quickly went inside and got it for her and we spent the next minutes watching as she liberally rubbed the oil on her naked body. She had oiled every part of her body except she had saved her bare pussy for last. As she spread her legs she said that she needed some help with that part and handed me the bottle.

I quickly oiled her up and in almost no time T had her feet up on the side of the lounge and her legs spread wide open. At that time it wouldn't have mattered if a dozen people would have walked up to watch she wouldn't have seen anyone as she was enjoying herself too much.

I was trying to keep from blocking Bill's view as I rubbed her clit with my left hand and was had managed to work 4 fingers into her pussy. There was no way that she could have been spread any wider open and although Bill should have had a great view he moved even closer. In just a minute T stopped, arched her back, grabbed my hand and held on as she had an orgasm that took her breath away. This was longer and harder than usual as it was evident that she had enjoyed being the shown off so explicitly.

After she was finished she looked up at Bill and said sorry, she wasn't going to do anything for him, but that she hoped he enjoyed the show. He looked a bit upset as I think he thought he was going to get to fuck her, but he finally said thanks and got up to go back home. 

At the same time T said she was going in to shower and take a nap as she was worn out and a bit drunk! She actually got inside and was in the shower before he was around the corner or the cabin. 

I heard the shower running and I knew that after her nap we would have plenty of time to talk about our afternoon and I would have my opportunity to enjoy her body some more. But now she needed some sleep.

I wonder what the evening and the next morning might have for us?


At the Cabin, Final Encounter
I let T sleep as she was exhausted from laying out in the sun, the consumption of quite a bit of alcohol, and of course the sex too. It was quite late in the afternoon and T was awake and refreshed from her nap before we found the time to talk about what had happened during the day and discuss if we wanted to play with the neighbor any more.

We had to leave in the morning so if we were going to do any more showing off to the old guy it would have to be that evening. I tossed out several ideas, most of which she turned down, but she did finally agreed that if he wanted to come over in the evening she would be willing to put on another show for him, and me too of course!

Once again T reminded me that the ground rules were "no sucking or fucking" of anyone else. I did convince her to agree that she would allow Bill to touch her body if the opportunity came about, and that she could do whatever she else she might want to do at the time. We made a few more plans for how it would all take place and then decided to move ahead with them.

I went over to Bill's cabin and explained that we would be leaving in the morning and that we thought we should spend a little more time getting to "know him" so I invited him over for a dinner of steaks on the grill and he quickly accepted. I told him to show up at 7pm and make sure that he was showered and cleaned up for the evening. 

Bill arrived promptly at 7pm as expected since he lived only a few dozen feet away from our cabin. It looked like he'd spent most of the last couple of hours cleaning up as he had showered, shaved his whiskers, found some clean clothes and looked like he was ready for a night on the town. I handed him a beer and we chatted a bit as the steak was cooking on the grill.

When T walked out of the cabin Bill's eyes lit up, and he also looked somewhat disappointed at the same time. I think he was hoping that T would be nude, or in some type of sheer lingerie. She was wearing a pair of tight pants and a top that was made out of lightweight fabric that gave no illusion that she was wearing a bra. As she walked towards us her tits swayed side to side and since the top was unbuttoned to just below her breasts we were treated to a nice view of the inside of the each breast as she walked towards us.

The closer she got to us Bill's grin got bigger and bigger (I don't think that's all that was getting bigger) and when she stopped in front of him it was also evident that not only was her blouse very lightweight but also quite sheer. Bill's eyes were stuck on her tits as she welcomed him and told us that everything else was ready as soon as the steaks were finished.

It only took a couple more minutes and we all walked into the house and sat down for our meal. We enjoyed the food, and even though Bill kept staring at T's tits throughout the meal he did manage to carry on a bit of conversation with us. I was surprised that he was so stuck on trying to see her a flash of her tits now and then when her shirt gaped open as he had seen her completely nude just a few hours before. 

After we had eaten, and consumed a considerable amount of alcohol T suggested that the guys clean up while she goes in for a shower. It didn't take us long to scramble around, clean off the table and wash the dishes, and before T was finished in the shower we were already seated in the living room. Bill was sitting in the recliner and I was on the end of the couch, which gave me the first look of T as she came into view.

I wasn't sure what she was going to be wearing as we had discussed several options when we had talked about tonight, but I was very pleased that she had taken my suggestion and was totally nude. She walked into the room, and it wasn't until she was standing next to me that Bill could see her, and she asked if anyone needed another drink as she was getting herself a glass of wine. We both said yes and Bill and I both watched her ass as she walked away from us.

He commented on what a fine looking woman T was, and I told him to tell her, not me!

T came back with a glass of wine for me, and a beer for Bill, and turned to go back in the kitchen to get her glass as she said she couldn't carry more than two at a time. I knew that wasn't true so it was evident that T was starting to enjoy showing off her naked body to both Bill and me. We watched as she walked away, and as she returned she walked slowly so we could enjoy the full frontal view of her nakedness.

T stopped by the end of the couch and stood still as I asked her to let us look at her for a few minutes more. She stopped and smiled and just sipped her wine as she allowed us to enjoy her nudity. T's has 34B tits and although she's not a young girl she works out regularly and has a nice tight body. She had shaved her pussy while in the shower so there was nothing that was covering her up or hiding her body. There was no way that T could have been more naked or exposed than she was standing in next to me as Bill looked at her from just a few feet away.

I was rubbing her ass while she stood there and before long began to run my fingers up and down the inside of her thighs. After a couple minutes I slipped my hand up even higher as wasn't surprised to find a very wet pussy waiting for my fingers. She spread her feet apart a little more and I quickly had a couple of fingers working in and out of her. She managed to stand like that for only another minute and then told me to stop or she'd soon be done for the night.

I moved her around and as I leaned against the end of the couch T sat between my legs and leaned back against my body as she put her feet up on the couch. I kept playing with her tits and rubbing her body as just like we might any other time, except this time someone was watching. I asked Bill to go get the bottle of massage oil that was in the bedroom and when he was gone asked T how she was doing?

She told me to just keep going and see what happens.

Bill came back with the oil and moved to a chair that was closer to us and provided him a better view of T's nude body. We spent the next several minutes quietly as the only sounds were my complimenting T on how wonderful she looked and of T enjoying having oil rubbed all over her tits, stomach and pussy. 

I was giving her pussy a good workout and she had dropped one foot on the floor and put the other up on the back of the couch as she would normally do if we were by ourselves.

T's pussy was wide open and couldn't have been more on display. Since her feet were not on the couch any longer I motioned for Bill to come over and sit on the other end of the couch. He quietly moved over and when he sat down T looked up at me and over at Bill and then closed her eyes again. Now that Bill was on the couch he was close enough that T's foot was almost behind his head and he was sitting within touching distance of T's naked body. 

I handed Bill the oil and motioned for him to rub some on T's legs. He was very tentative at first but soon was massaging her feet, calves and slowly working his way up her thighs. He was rubbing her thighs but being so careful to not come in contact with her pussy that I thought perhaps I should move things along. But, T took care of that before I had a chance to move as she took his hand and moved it up and placed in on her bare mound.

Bill didn't need any more instruction and within seconds her was enjoying rubbing her pussy and had even managed to get a couple of fingers inserted into T's wet, oily, and welcoming cunt. I had stopped rubbing T's body and was just sitting back enjoying the view as Bill was playing with my wife's pussy. I could tell that T was also enjoying herself and before long she moved one of his hands up to rub her tits.

I think Bill must have thought he'd died and gone to heaven as here he was enjoying the totally nude body of another man's wife while both the husband and wife were watching and enjoying what he was doing. I started to pull on one of T's nipples and squeeze her tit while Bill played with the other one. All the while his was pumping several fingers in and out of her cunt. I knew that wasn't going to last very long but before I could stop what was going on so I could prolong the night T gasped and grabbed Bill's hand that was stroking her pussy. At the same time we both squeezed her tits as she arched her back with an orgasm.

Bill and I watched T for a few minutes and eventually as she relaxed she opened her eyes and said "I'm done, thanks, I'm going to sleep now." She laughed and said that she was just teasing and she didn't want to leave us with out having any fun. We both told her that we'd been having fun and enjoying ourselves a great deal so once again she teased us about leaving us. She asked me "what would you like, and remember my rules for the night" as I'm sure she thought I wanted her to fuck Bill; which I was thinking about.

So I told her that I wanted a blow job while Bill watched. I moved out from behind her and after asking me how I wanted her I just had her lay back on the pillow and arm of the couch and I stood next to her. She turned towards me a bit and quickly sucked my cock into her mouth. 

Now T isn't one of those women who just love a cock in their mouth, but she's also not afraid to suck on one either. She does know how to give a great blow job and will do so even without asking, and always meets my request when asked. She doesn't care to swallow, but she can, and she doesn't care to take a load on her face, but she will. 

After watching and enjoying T's nudity and her willingness to let both Bill and I play with her at the same time I knew that I wasn't going to last very long. T seemed determined to give me a blow job that was going to be both very enjoyable, but also very fast. She was doing everything she could to give me the most pleasure in the shortest amount of time. It couldn't have been more than a couple of minutes and I pulled out of her mouth and took her hand off my cock. She knew what was to come next and just tilted her face up towards me.

The first shot of cum hit her right on the lips and as I pumped my cock I moved around her face to cover her as much as possible without covering her eyes. My cum was one her booth cheeks, her forehead and was even running down into her hair. When she thought I was done she opened her eyes and looked at me and I took my cock and smeared the cum all over her face. When I was finished she grabbed my cock one more time and sucked it into her mouth, cleaned it off 

with her tongue, and swallowed the remnants left in her mouth.

She looked wonderful laying there on the couch, T's body was still glistening with an oily sheen from the massage oil, her legs were still spread wide and her face was covered with a quickly drying coating of cum. Both Bill and I looked at her for a few minutes as she watched our eyes roam up and down her body. It was evident to T that we both liked what we were looking at as she asked "don't you even get enough?" I told her that I was done but asked what about Bill?

She reminded me that she had set the rule of "no sucking or fucking" and wasn't going to change that no matter what we wanted. I asked her what she was willing to do and she said that she'd "already done quite a bit hadn't she?" But as long as it didn't break the rule for the night she was willing to continue and help Bill out.

I asked him if he'd like T to give him a hand job and when he eagerly nodded yes I told him that he could also shoot his cum on her naked body if he wanted. It didn't take him long to drop his pants and leave them on the floor as he moved over to the couch. T was still laying on her back against the arm of the couch and I told Bill to move on up on the couch and straddle her stomach so he could enjoy the view as she jacked him off.

Bill moved on up and with one foot on the floor and the other up on the couch he was perched above T's naked body. From the position he was in it was obvious that Bill would add his load of cum to T's face and perhaps her tits as well. She looked at me, put some massage oil in the palm of one had and then grabbed his cock with both hands. 

I wasn't sure how this was going to end, or how long it would take. Obviously the old guy was excited, but he was an old man and perhaps has some staying power. I figured that he may have gone home and jacked off after he'd spent the time earlier in the day watching me play with T's naked body so perhaps he would last quite a while. 

T was working his cock for all that she could first with one hand, then the other, then both at the same time. I think she was starting to wonder if he was ever going to cum when he grabbed her hands with one of his and started to pump them even faster. I guess that Bill didn't have much cum left as he only managed one spurt that caught T across the face and then just a couple of drops that dribbled down onto her tits. 

T kept pumping his cock and squeezed out every drop of cum she could. Bill had let go of her hands but she was still holding his cock as it started to shrink. She pulled him close and leaned towards him a bit and when she looked over at me I told her that "licking and sucking weren't the same thing". So T started to lick first the end of his cock and licked off the last drop of his cum and then proceeded to lick up and down his cock for a few moments. I thought that if he got hard again she might actually fuck him, but he was definitely done for the night. 

Bill got up and dressed and quickly headed back to his cabin. T told me she was exhausted and asked did I want to her to shower or stay "dirty". I told her it was up to her and she crawled into bed and was asleep before I got in next to her. 

We had enjoyed our weekend away, and had also found someone new to play with. I wonder if we can use the cabin again sometime? Maybe next time without the "rule" we had for this visit?

