Author: Axelotl
Title: Policewomans' Peril
Summary: A young policewoman is abducted during a jewellery heist.
Keywords: nc, bd, rape, M+F, anal, oral, viol.


The white Fairlane pulled up at the gate of a warehouse block on the outskirts of the industrial district. An armed thug unlocked the gate and opened it to let the car though. The car moved up to the large, plain warehouse where another man opened the roller door so it could move inside.

The Fairlane came to a stop and a tall, dark haired man wearing a black suit got out. An older, stockier man was there to meet him, flanked by two more thugs. 

He was the Mafia crime boss Salvatori Dolmio, who owned the warehouse, and used it as a base of operations for many of his criminal enterprises. 

"What the fuck happened out there Baroudi? We didn't do all that planning for a fuckin' blood bath."

"I'll tell you what fuckin' happened!" came the agitated voice of another man walking toward them, he was also wearing a black suit and had a goatee "...Mr Cool here flips out and starts blowing peoples heads off!, next thing the cops show up and everything turns to shit!" 

Baroudi casually lit up a cigarette. "I told the manager not to trigger the alarm. He triggered the alarm, I shot him in the head."

"Bullshit, I didn't hear no fuckin' alarm." said the other man.

"It was a silent alarm Dipshit, I saw him trigger it."

"Then what happened?" asked Salvatore, "...Tell me you got the fuckin' diamonds."

"I got the fuckin' diamonds." said Baroudi, he tossed a black velvet bag to Salvatori. "...Then all of a sudden the cops were there, and we had to shoot our way out. Liam got tagged."

"Shit, tell me he's dead, I don't want him singin' for the cops."

"Took a couple to the chest, lots of blood, pretty sure he's dead."

"And you two made damn sure you didn't bring any heat back here didn't you?"

"What do we look like amateurs?" said the goateed man, "...Its cool boss."

Salvatori opened the bag in inspected the diamonds, "Well then, our little operation didn't go exactly as planned, but it looks like it turned out Okay in the end, and we have one less mouth to share the pie with. Well done fellas."

"I'll be expecting a bigger slice of that pie now. Like fifty percent bigger, since I had to have a shoot out with the cops." said Baroudi as he took another puff of his cigarette. 

Salvatori hesitated a bit but opened his palms in a gesture of acceptance. He knew Boroudi's reputation as a cold, calculating psycho, "Sure Baroudi, I'll take care of it."

Baroudi took another long puff of his cigarette then stamped it into the concrete floor. "There is one other thing boss." 

He grabbed his keys and moved around to the back of his Fairlane. "In all the excitement I was able to grab a hostage in case I needed one."

"A hostage?" said Salvatori. Baroudi opened the boot and they peered in. The other men were surprised to see the unmistakable dark blue police uniform, and the face of a young woman, her blue eyes wide with fear as she looked at the men. There was silver tape over her mouth and her hands were cuffed behind her back with her own handcuffs. she had her gun and radio removed and appeared to be uninjured.

The goateed man, Harris, laughed excitedly. "God Damn, Baroudi, you snatched a woman copper, how the hell did you manage that?"

"Just seized the opportunity." said Baroudi as he pulled his captive out of the boot. The woman was short and petite, and in her mid-twenties. Baroudi stood a couple of feet taller than her and had no trouble lifting her to her feet. 

She was quite pretty with short blonde hair and a baby face, and a decent pair of pert breasts pressing against the fabric of her police shirt. There were muffled cries under her taped gag, her eyes were filled with fear. She tried to struggle but Baroudi had no trouble holding her still.

"You bring a copper back to my place of business?!" said Salvatori, "...You better be planning on killing her!"

"Don't worry about that boss, I'll kill her when I'm ready." Baroudis' hand moved up to her chest and he started squeezing her tits, "But I had a pretty tense day, and she can help me work off some of that tension. Have you got a honeymoon suite for me and my new girlfriend?" 

The men around him cheered their approval, the sight of a captured young policewoman had drawn the attention of several of the thugs working in the large warehouse. 

Salvatori cracked a cruel smile and said, "There's a demountable over at the back with a bed in it, go have some fun, you earned it." 

Harris chimed in, "This a private party Baroudi? or can we all join in?"

"You can wait `till I'm done with her." said Baroudi as he made his way toward the back of the warehouse with his frightened captive policewoman, the other thugs were cheering an making lewd commends as they went.

The demountable was a small basic room, with an old single bed in the middle of it, and a few basic pieces of furniture. Baroudi flipped the light switch and the neon tube blinked before filling the room with light. He threw the young blonde onto the bed and began removing his jacket.

The policewoman curled up on the bed, filled with fear and dread. Her name was Ashley Cohen, daughter of a Police Officer, who followed her father into the Academy, and had earned a reputation as a dedicated cop. She liked the feeling of being in control of the situation, despite her small stature. But now this was a situation where she had absolutely no control. This psycho had killed her partner and abducted her. Now he was going to rape her. 

With her hands cuffed behind her back, and surrounded by criminals, she loathed how vulnerable she felt.

Baroudi, with his jacket and pants removed, moved onto the bed. He effortlessly pulled Ashley up onto her back on the bed and looked into her scared teary eyes. He pulled the silver tape off her mouth. "You'll just excite the other guys if you scream. You're a pretty one aren't you Ashley?" He had read her name off her badge.

"Don't do this please, leave me alone." cried Ashley.

"That's not gunna happen." said Baroudi and he planted a big kiss on her lips, taking Ashley by surprise as his tongue lashed her mouth. She tried to resist this violation, and thought about biting down on his tongue, but didn't, she knew it would only bring violent retribution apon her. 

Finally the lusty French kiss ended and Ashley sobbed as he licked her cheek. Suddenly Baroudis' hands were busy at her chest undoing the buttons of her police uniform. With her shirt open, he grabbed at her white bra, pulling hard. Ashley cried out as she felt the sting as her bra was ripped away from her body leaving her pale breasts exposed.

"Nice tits for a little girly." said Baroudi. His large hands groped and squeezed them with wild lust. Ashley just cried as her tits were manhandled. Baroudi kissed her again as her played with them. He eventually drew himself away from her tits and moved down the bed. "Let's see what you got for us down here." 

His hand worked at her belt and then her zipper, he pulled off her boots, and then pulled at her dark blue police issue pants. Ashley cried out for him to stop, she tried to kick her legs and struggle as he pulled the pants down, making it harder for him. But he got them off, leaving her shapely legs and white panties exposed. He pinned down her legs stopping her from kicking. "Don't struggle bitch!, do you want me to tie you up?" 

Ashley stopped struggling, it wouldn't do her any good anyway, she felt so vulnerable, and being tied up would make it even worse.

Baroudi rubbed his fingers along the soft fabric of her panties. Once again Ashley cried and sobbed, his strong fingers rubbed along her vagina, she couldn't stand him touching her there. The rubbing got harder and rougher and despite her fear and shame, she could feel her crotch tingling and getting moist. 

Then Baroudi pulled her panties down. Ashleys could feel her heart pumping like mad. Now her pussy was exposed to this Madman, she wanted desperately to be anywhere but here. "Hoo, clean shaven! I like it." said Baroudi. 

Ashley felt ashamed, she started shaving her pubic hair a year ago because her boyfriend liked it, and continued to do it even after they broke up months ago. She had not had sex with anyone for over three months, perhaps that was why her vagina was responding to this stimulation. 

She could feel those fingers rubbing on her pussy lips and felt the sensation of her getting wetter. Without warning a finger pushed past her pussy lips, penetrating her. "Aaaagh ow, stop it,....NO!" she cried. 

The finger wiggled around inside her, it felt really big. Baroudi just smiled and pushed the finger back and forth inside her in a fucking motion. "Shit, your pussy feels tight around my finger." He pulled his finger out of her and examined it, "...Your getting' a little wet too slut. You're giving me a raging hard-on." 

Baroudi got off her and stood up, he pulled his cock out of his briefs. Ashleys' eyes widened in horror, it was a big erect cock, he looked like one of those hung porn stars. Baroudi held it in front of him proudly. "like what you see Ash? It keeps the ladies happy."

Ashley could just look at him and plead, "Don't rape me....please!"

"Oh I'm gunna rape you good!"

Baroudi moved back onto the bed, he grabbed Ashleys' legs and spread them wide apart. He positioned his big dick onto her bald crotch. Ashley cried and pleaded, her heart felt like it was going to jump out of its chest. Baroudi just sat there for a moment rubbing his cock agaist her pussy lips, savouring her terror at what was about to happen. 

When he was ready he got hold of his cock and pushed it into her slit. She was tight. Once the fat head forced its way past the opening he gave a thrust, and the whole large member pushed its way into the depths of the squeezing orifice. 

Ashley screamed out in pain, it felt like a baseball bat had been forced into her. Her pussy was stretched obscenely around the invading cock. It was worse when the cock began to move, pulling back several inches and then pushing forward again. The fat cockhead rubbed up and down the stretched vaginal wall, deep inside her. 

Ashley couldn't believe this was it, she was being raped. Her worst nightmare came true. Baroudi got into a steady rhythm, grinding his huge member into the small helpless woman. 

He was loving the intense friction of the tight pussy, he also loved the fact he was raping a police woman, something he had always wanted to do. 

Ashley cried loudly, tears streaming down her face as the violation went on. Baroudi grabbed at her tits again, groping them as he fucked her. "You are a tight bitch Ashley, haven't had much big dicks like mine have you?" Ashley stretched pussy got wetter as it responded to the fucking. She just wanted the rape to end, but it seemed to go on and on. 

Eventually Baroudi pulled his fat dick out, and Ashley hoped that was it, but it wasn't. He got hold of her and flipped her over. Ashley felt just like a doll, as his strong hands put her in position, bending her legs with her ass in the air, her face pressed into the bed with her hands still cuffed behind her back. He was going to do her doggy style.

Baroudi positioned himself behind her and aimed his hard cock at her pussy. Ashley cried out, as once again the cock was forced inside her. 

He grabbed hold of her ass and began thrusting into her with more force than before. Ashley cried and moaned, her whole body getting repeatedly bucked as Baroudi pounded her from behind. 

For Ashley the fucking was an intense mixture of pain, pleasure, humiliation and terror and seemed to go on and on. After a while Baroudi pulled out again. "Ah shit, I gotta stop, before you make me cum." Ashley just wanted this ordeal to end.

After a short break Baroudi flipped her over again and grabbed her legs bending them up to her chest. "You ready for some more bitch, I'm havin a great time!"

Ashley just sobbed as he got on top of her and penetrated her again. Fucking her in a steady rhythm. As he fucked her, his weight pushed her down into the springy bed. The noise of the creaky bed filled the room, along with her cries and moans as he bounced up and down on top of her.

'This guy is a freak', she thought as the rape went on and on, 'when was he going to finish?' Baroudis' thrusts got faster and faster. "Oooh, we're on the home stretch here bitch, you want me to cum in your pussy?"

"Ungh ...Uh, NO! Don't do that ...ooh, please not that!"

"Then you're gunna swallow it all down for me!" Baroudi pulled out of the ravaged cunt, and let her legs drop down. He crawled up the bed and pushed his hot, wet cock into Ashleys' face. "Open wide!" he said. 

The defeated and violated Ashley opened her mouth and he pushed his cock in. "Come on slut, suck it for me!" Ashley closed her lips around the shaft, she had to have her jaw wide to accommodate the large dick. She could feel her tongue pressed against the head and could taste her own juices. 

Baroudi rocked it back and forth in her mouth as she sucked. Baroudi grabbed her head, "Oooh uh ungh ...I'm cumming." The large member throbbed and a big load of cum errupted into Ashleys' mouth.

Baroudi pulled out, and another load of cum shot onto her face as he groaned in pleasure. His hand clamped over her mouth. "Now swallow it all, like a good girl." Ashley felt sick as she did what he said.

Baroudi climbed off Ashley and she laid there, crying and panting after her brutal rape. She couldn't wipe the cum off her face with her hands bound. Baroudi sat at the foot of the bed and lit a cigarette. "That was just what I needed! ...You know, you're a good fuck for a copper." 

Ashley just glared at him through tear filled eyes, now she was angry more than anything at what this bastard had done to her. Her vagina felt like it had been rubbed raw despite being soaking wet and the horrible taste of cum in her mouth made her feel like she was going to be sick.

Baroudi got up and got dressed again, then he left the room. Ashley was glad that bastard rapist was out of her sight, but fear filled her heart again when she wondered, `what now?'

Baroudi left the room and saw that Harris and three other guys were standing close by, drinking beer and talking. They all gave him a round of mock applause. "Hey Baroudi, sounded like you had a good time in there, how was she?" asked Harris.

"She's a real goer." answered Baroudi.

Harris laughed, "Yeah, I bet she is. Look we respected your privacy and all, Reckon we could get some of that copper pussy?"

"Tell you what, give me one of those beers and she's all yours."

Ashley was up on her feet, she was wearing nothing but socks and her open police shirt. She wanted to get dressed again, but having her hands cuffed behind her back made that impossible. 

Her heart was beating rapidly again, she was left alone in there and she was pretty sure the door was left unlocked. She knew this place was crawling with criminals and her chances were slim, but she had to try and make a break for it, they were going to kill her. 

She turned around and turned the door knob with her cuffed hands behind her back. Suddenly, the door opened and a man came in and grabbed her from behind. "Where are you goin' honey?" said Harris, "It's party time."

Ashley cried out as she was pushed back into the room. Harris grabbed her tits and began playing with them. Ashley saw another man enter the room, and then another, and another. "NO! ...what is this?" cried out Ashley.

"This is a gangbang baby!" said Harris.

"NO!" Ashley cried out in horror "...Not again! Please, no more!". The men just laughed at her.

Ashley was pushed down onto the bed on her back. She began kicking and fighting, she didn't want to be raped again. Rough hands grabbed her legs and held them wide apart.

"Looky here fellas, a bald pussy!" said Harris, "...Any chick who shaves her kitty is begging for it!" 

Harris dropped his pants, he had an average size dick, not near as big a Baroudis, but it was hard and ready to go. He climbed on top of Ashley, the other men still had her legs spread wide. With little hesitation he shoved his dick into her. Ashley cried loudly as he pumped his cock into her violated pussy. 

"Uh, Yeah baby! Your pussy feels good!" Rough hands mauled her tits again. The men around her cheered, teased her, and encouraged him to fuck harder as he pounded away at the tender cunt.

"You love the cock don't you? You Police Bitch!"

"Bang that pussy Harris, make her scream!"

"My turn next Blondie, bet you can't wait!"

Harris pounded wildly into her cunt, until he moaned loudly. His cock throbbed, and Ashley felt the horrible sensation of hot wet cum flooding deep inside her. "Did you just cum inside her man?" said one of the men.

"Yeah sure did." said Harris, "...Right up the duff!"

"You don't cream-pie a bitch when there's others ready to have a turn, it's gangbang etiquette man!"

"You need the extra lubricant for your big dick Tony." Harris joked as he pulled his dick out of the violated pussy.

In no time the next man was on top of Ashley. She cried as another hard dick penetrated her sore cunt, which was now soaking wet with cum. Once again she was subjected to the horrible feeling of a thrusting cock violating her. 

As she was getting fucked for a third time, one of the men put his hard dick in her face. "Come on, suck on it for me, copper slut!" Ashley could still taste the cum in her mouth, she didn't want to do that again. The man was persistant and pulled her hair painfully until she opened her mouth and accepted the cock.

The man had hold of her short blonde hair and was fucking her face as the man between her legs fucked her pussy hard. She was forced to suck on that dick for what seemed like ages, until the cock that had been fucking her pussy blew another load of cum deep inside her. The cocks withdrew from her mouth and pussy. 

The man who had his cock in her mouth said, "My turn now. Flip her over. No sloppy seconds for me, I'm goin' up her ass."

Ashley screamed in horror as they flipped her over, Tony bent her over the edge of the bed and held her down. "NO!! DON'T DO THAT! ...PLEASE NOT THERE!" screamed Ashley. 

She had never had anal sex before and had never wanted to. The other men just got more excited and cheered him on. "Go for it Tony, bust her little asshole."

"Yeah, cornhole that copper!"

Tony spat on a finger and prodded at the little brown freckle of her asshole. He slowly pushed it into her. "OH Yeah Baby, this is gunna be really tight!" Ashley screamed, she couldn't believe this ordeal was about to get even worse. Tony pulled his finger out and the little orifice quickly squeezed shut.

Tony put his cockhead at the tiny opening of Ashleys' anus. Slowly he began to force his way in the tight ass, making the little ring stretch open for his cock. 

Ashley was screaming so loud a hand was put over her mouth to gag her. The virgin asshole resisted the invader furiously but it was losing the fight, as the ring stretched wider and wider until the whole cock thrust forward with a plop. Tony had his whole cock buried deep up the tight, squeezing anus.

"God damn! I knew you cop bitches were all tight-asses, let's see if I can loosen you up a bit bitch!" 

He pulled his dick back and then thrust it forward again as the fucking began. Ashley still screamed into the hand around her mouth, tears flowed from her eyes, she was getting her ass fucked for the first time, and it was torture. 

The men all cheered Tony on as he fucked the tight ass hard. His cock slipped out, but he quickly grabbed it and pushed it into the clenching hole again. After a while of hard fucking, the friction got too much for Tony, he pulled out just in time to shoot a load of hot cum onto her pale ass. 

The next man didn't waste any time getting behind her. "I'm gunna get me a piece of that. My girlfriend won't let me do anal."

He pushed his hard cock up the violated asshole and began giving it another fucking. The hand wasn't covering her mouth any more, and Ashley just cried and sobbed as she was bucked forward with each hard thrust up her ass. 

While Ashley was getting sodomized for the second time she noticed the door open, two more men walked in. They were big rough looking black guys. They watched the petite blonde bent over the bed getting ass raped with wide grins.

"Damn, Harris told me you were having a party, how did you fellas manage to get hold of a real police bitch?" said one of them in a deep voice.

"Baroudi snatched her at a job this morning, we been showing her a little friendly hospitality."

"I'll get in on that. But she looks like a sweet little thing, I might break her!"

The man fucking her groaned loudly as he came inside her ass. He pulled out and Ashley was left there, bent over the bed, with cum dripping out of her open ass-hole.

"I guess you're up then Jules." said one of the men.

"All-right, I don't know if you've had a black man before bitch, but you're gunna do some serious coal grinding now!" 

The big black man lifted her up like a rag doll and put her back on the bed on her back. He dropped his pants to reveal a huge black cock, even bigger than Baroudis. This was a monster cock. Ashleys' eyes went wide in terror again. 

"NO!...You'll tear me apart!"

"I'm certainly gunna try." laughed Jules, climbing on top of her. The men who had just raped her hung around in the room to watch this show. 

Jules and his brother Sam worked for Salvatori. They were hired muscle, and also worked as porn stars, known as the Buster Brothers. Now they were going to show Ashley what they do best. 

The black monster cock rubbed at Ashleys' crotch threatening another brutal violation. Ashleys' pleas for mercy went unheeded as the dark monster slowly forced its way up the already well-fucked cunt. 

She cried out in pain, her pussy was stretched around the huge invader and it slid deeper and deeper until Ashley thought it would invade her womb. "It's a good thing you already been fucked a few times. They were just warmin' you up for the real fucking!"

The monster cock pulled back and Ashley cried out as it felt like her insides were being pulled out with it. Then it thrust back in and Ashley screamed. It pulled out then slammed in, repeating the action in a slow but steady rhythm. 

Ashley could feel every inch of the monster cock moving inside her. The men around the room cheered wildly, they loved the sight of a little white policewoman being forced to take the huge black monster cock. As the fucking went on, Jules began to speed up his thrusts. The pain slowly began to lose its' intensity  in Ashleys' stretched cunt. 

After a while Sam spoke up, "Hey Nigger, you ready to tag me in yet?" 

Jules pulled the monster cock out, and Ashleys' pussy released its tight grip with a plop. "She's all yours brother." 

Sam got on the bed and positioned his cock at Ashleys' crotch. His cock was pretty much identical to his brothers'. Ashley cried out as her cunt was filled with big black monster cock once again, and Sam continued where his brother left off, grinding into her.

"Mmmm, tight and wet! Just the way I like it." Ashley let out a loud moan. The pain had subsided now, as her cunt had gotten used to the giant thrusting invader. 

More and more she could feel the pleasure of the intense stimulation of her pussy. It was like the pleasure she began feeling as Garoudi fucked her. This pleasure was not welcome, she was being raped, it would be shameful to enjoy it. But Ashley couldn't help it, her body was betraying her. 

She just hoped it would be over soon. But it went on and on, and Ashley couldn't help but moan with pleasure every time the massive meat slammed forward. She could feel the intensity building, and knew she was heading for climax. 

Then Sam pulled out of her. "I'll tag you in again bro." 

"Hey why don't you guys sandwich the bitch!" suggested Tony who was watching. The other cheered in agreement

"Sandwich! Sandwich! Sandwich!" They all chanted.

"Okay then." agreed Jules. He lifted Ashley up off the bed, she found her legs were weak after the fucking she just received but Sam held her up. Jules layed down on the bed his monster cock sticking up from his crotch like a baseball bat.

Sam then forced her on top of him, facing him, the huge shaft rubbed at her crotch. Sam lifted her up and Jules positioned his cock at her slit, Sam slowly lowered her down as she was impaled on the monster dick. 

Ashley moaned as her cunt was stretched wide and filled up once again. Then Sam got behind Ashley and suddenly Ashley woke up to what they meant by `sandwich', he was going to put his monster cock up her ass. 

She cried out for them to stop but it did her no good. Sam pushed her forward and Jules caught her. Dread filled her as she felt the huge fat cock head rub on her ass-hole, she couldn't stop it, they were really going to do this. 

Sam forced his cock into her asshole. Ashley screamed out as once again her tight sphincter was painfully stretched wide, and the monster was forced into ass. 

Around her, the men cheered loudly. Ashley couldn't believe she had two huge black cocks double penetrating her. The brothers began fucking her in a clumsy, disjointed rhythm. 

Ashley was caught between the intense pain of her overstretched anus and the pleasure that had been building in her vagina. The brothers continued to plough into her holes, and Ashley couldn't help moaning and groaning at the intensity of it. 

The brutal double fucking seemed to go on and on. Eventually Sam groaned, "Ungh, Damn! This bitch is too tight!" 

The huge monter cock throbbed wildly in her stretched anus and a big load of cum erupted in her bowels. Slowly he pulled out of the clenching rectum. The monster cock popped out, and her gaping anus leaked cum. Jules pushed her back, he grabbed her hips and began bouncing her up and down on his huge cock. 

With that giant cock out of her ass, the building pleasure in her pussy returned, as she was bounced up and down. After a while of bouncing her up and down on his cock, Jules pulled Ashley off, and put her on her back on the bed. 

He quickly lifted her legs and pushed his cock back into her pussy, now he was bouncing up and down on top of her and pounding her cunt hard. Ashley couldn't contain it any more, the pleasure in her cunt had built and now she was on the verge of an intense orgasm.

"Oooh ...Oh god ...Oh god ...uhh ...uhh!" Ashley moaned as she climaxed with the big cock relentlessly pounding her hard. Waves of intense pleasure washed over her and her climaxing pussy squeezed the meat even harder as Jules started cumming as well. He wedged his cock deep in her cunt and his hot cum flooded the stretched oriface. 

Jules finally pulled out of the ravaged cunt. "Damn girl, I think I enjoyed that almost as much as you did!" The men around them laughed, and Ashley suddenly felt very humiliated and degraded.

Ashley laid on the bed panting, she was covered in sweat. Her pussy and ass were very sore and full of sticky cum. She was exhausted. 

Jules and Sam left the room, and so did most the other men. A couple stayed behind. Their lusts had been fired up by the intense live porn show they just watched and they wanted to rape her again.

Ashley didn't fight them as they grabbed her and moved her into position. She was bent over the side of the bed and one of the men pushed his cock up her ass. 

Ashley didn't fight or protest any more, she just layed there as the man sodomised her. The other man, seeing her defeated acceptance, put his cock into her face 
"suck it." he ordered, and she did. 

Eventually the man behind her grunted as she received another load of cum in her ass. He pulled out and the guy she was sucking moved behind her and pushed his dick into her ass. 

He proceeded to fuck her hard, until he came and pulled out. The men left the room, locking the door. Leaving her alone in the small room.

The small room stank of  sweat and cum. Ashley laid on the bed, she was exhausted, but couldn't sleep. The memories of her brutal gangrape were still vivid and she could almost still feel those cocks thrusting into her.

Her hands were still cuffed behind her back and she couldn't get dressed again. She couldn't wipe the cum that leaked out of her. 

Ashley lost her sense of time, but an hour and forty minutes passed before the door was unlocked again. She tensed as three men came in, they were not the men that raped her before, but she soon realised their intentions were the same.

"NO! not again, please. I cant take any more."

But once again her pleas were ignored. She was forced to suck their cocks and then one by one they sodomized her. When they were done they locked her in alone again.

Two hours fifteen minutes later another black man came in. he fucked her pussy in a few different positions then came on her face and left.

Another hour later two older Italian men entered her room. As they took turns fucking her, another three men entered the room. They took turns fucking her pussy, mouth and ass. When they were done they left her alone again.

Two hours twenty minutes later two men who had raped her earlier, Harris and Tony came back for more. They took turns sodomizing her until they came in her ass then they left.  

Three hours thirty five minutes later, five men entered the room. Ashley was subjected to another gangbang. 

Afterwards she was left alone again. She couldn't sleep through the night, she kept expecting the door to open and more men to come in and rape her.

The next morning the door was unlocked once more and Ashley saw Baroudi enter, smoking a cigarette. Rage built in her toward the man who had put her through this ordeal.

"Hoo, stinks of sex in here." said Baroudi, he looked at Ashley who looked like she had been through hell, her eyes were tired and red from constant crying. There was dried cum all over her, but particularly around her crotch. Her hands were still bound behind her back. 

"Be honest with me honey, have you been cheating on me with other guys?" he said dryly. Ashley just glared at him, her eyes full of hate. "I think we should break up. It's not you, it's me" he took another puff of his smoke. "Seriously hon, its time we took a drive in the country" 

Ashley knew what this meant. "Please don't kill me ...please!" she pleaded.

"Sorry luv, just the way it is. But how about one last fuck before we go?" Baroudi dropped his pants, he stroked his big cock getting it hard.

"No leave me alone you bastard!" The last thing she wanted was this asshole getting pleasure from her again. But once again she had no say in the matter. 

Baroudi grabbed her legs and pulled her up to him. He grabbed his big dick and forced it into her sore pussy. She groaned in protest, her pussy was very tender from all the times it had been raped though the night. Baroudi pumped away into her.

"Wow this cunt is looser than it was yesterday. How many dicks has it taken since then? I heard you got taken by the Buster Brothers. I'm lucky it's not totally  destroyed." 

Baroudi pulled out of her. "I bet lots of guys got up your tight ass as well. I wanna have a turn."

He lifted her legs higher and positioned his big dick at her ass, he pushed it in, and began ass-fucking her. Ashley ass was also very tender, it had been raped even more times than her pussy. The painful butt-fucking caused her to grit her teeth. 

Suddenly there was a loud bang in the warehouse. Baroudi stopped fucking the ass "What the fuck...?!"

There were more bangs and shouting. Baroudi pulled his dick out from Ashleys' ass and grabbed his pants. He pulled out a gun, then disappeared through the door.

Ashley wondered what was going on, those were definitely gunshots she could hear. Then the gunshots were right near the room. Before long men burst into the room holding guns. Ashley was relieved beyond belief that they were wearing police uniforms. "There's a woman in here." one of them called.

"I'm Police. Constable Ashley Cohen." she said.

"Constable Cohen. Thank god! We thought you were dead."

Ashley was overwhelmed with joy, she was saved. Then she realised she was naked and covered in cum and she was deeply embarrassed. "Can someone please get these god damn cuffs off me!"

Ashley later learned that Harris was followed back to the warehouse after the robbery. The police had it under surveilance but didn't move in on it, because they were waiting for Salvatori to lead them to the buyer for the diamonds. 

They weren't aware that Ashley was at the warehouse getting repeatedly raped. When they finally moved in on the warehouse Salvatori was arrested. Several men were killed in the raid, including Baroudi. Constable Cohen received extensive counselling and returned to active duty several months later.

...
