A Helping Hand
by storyguy

Chapter 15

Kay walked into Donny's room to find the naked couple sitting on his bed. Dawn had her hand on Donny's cock and he was rubbing her chest. They looked up as Kay sat down on a chair in his room. "You still want to try what we talked about, Dawn?" Kay asked. 

"Yeah, I guess so, if he wants to," Dawn meekly answered. 

"Try what?" Donny questioned. 

"Um... I gotta go to the bathroom," Dawn muttered as she rushed out of the room. 

"Do you remember me teaching you how to lick a girl?" Kay asked Donny and he nodded. "You liked it, right?" she continued and he again nodded. "Dawn wants you to lick her," Kay told him. "Do you want to?" 

"Yeah!" Donny grinned. 

"I thought you might," Kay chuckled. "Do you know what a '69' is?" Donny shook his head. "It's when a boy licks a girl and she uses her mouth on him at the same time. Wanna try that?" Kay asked and Donny enthusiastically nodded. "OK, lay on the bed on your back." Donny reclined back and put his head on his pillow. "Scoot down so she has room for her legs," Kay instructed. Donny moved down. "Bend and open your legs and move down more," Kay suggested. 

Dawn walked back in to see Donny on his back, his legs wide open, and his cock stiff again making her giggle. She didn't say anything, but the smile on her face did. "Dawn, do you know what a '69' is?" Kay asked and Dawn nodded. "Want to do that with Donny? I bet he'd like it." Dawn blushed slightly as she nodded, still smiling though. "Well, climb up on the bed with him," Kay chuckled. 

Dawn got on the bed, kneeling at Donny's hips. "Do I do him first?" she asked. 

"Um... Not really... Get to where your knees are on either side of his head," Kay told her realizing she didn't know what to do. Dawn swung her leg over Donny's chest, facing his head. "No, turn around so you are facing his feet," Kay corrected and Dawn followed her instructions. "Good, now back up a little," Kay continued. 

Dawn backed up enough to where Donny's head was just below her pussy, but she wasn't watching him. Her attention was on Kay. "Good, now lean forward and lower down so you are sorta laying on top of him," Kay instructed. 

As Dawn lowered her body, she felt something caress her pussy. It was wet, not really hard, but created the most pleasurable sensations she ever felt making her gasp. Donny had been impatiently waiting and once Dawn was in reach his tongue reached up, licking her slit. 

Kay, already turned on by the naked couple and what they had been doing, felt her pussy getting wetter. Seeing Dawn's reaction to Donny's tongue combined with his stiff cock pointing towards Dawn's face wasn't helping. Her shorts were too tight to reach in, so Kay unzipped them and slipped them down her legs giving her more room for what she desperately needed. 

Donny, seeing a pussy so close to his face, stuck his tongue out and ran it along her slit. Remembering what Kay had taught him, he began licking her and poking his tongue into her love channel. His hands went to her bare ass, both feeling it and pulling it down so he could reach her pussy easier. 

Dawn, almost overcome with the sensations being produced between her legs and Donny's hands rubbing her bare ass, closed her eyes. "Don't forget him," she heard Kay say. She looked up to see a stiff cock bobbing around in front of her face. Her hand moved over, grasping the stiff member. She had tried putting him into her mouth before and even had tasted his cum, but she was still nervous. 

Her mouth opened and she guided his cock into it, gently closing her mouth around it. She heard Donny groan softly as she did. It encouraged her to continue even though she was distracted by what he was doing to her. It did, however, help her as her mind was focused on her pussy, not what she was doing, except having a cock in her mouth excited her. 

Kay watched the two. Her hand snaked into her panties and found her drooling pussy. She began massaging herself, but for some reason her panties seemed to be in the way. The other two were completely naked and Donny had already seen her enough that she wasn't worried about being exposed to him. Her body was also screaming for relief. 

The panties Kay was wearing slid down her legs and she kicked them off. Her legs immediately parted and her hand returned to her wanting pussy. Her eyes were glued on the squirming couple in front of her as they engaged in an act even she hadn't experienced. 

Donny, spurred on by the sensations from his hard cock, concentrated on Dawn's pussy. The warm, moist home his stiff member had found was ecstasy. Already he could feel those familiar stirrings deep within him even though he had climaxed only a short while ago. The taste and smell of Dawn's pussy was intoxicating to him. 

Dawn wasn't sure how much longer she could last. Her pussy alternated between something hard and wet invading it to something soft and warm caressing it. Her hips rose up, presenting that which she was supposed to hide to him. Her legs opened more giving him everything her body had to offer. "Don't forget to swallow," she heard Kay say even though she was the furthest thing from her mind. 

Donny felt Dawn's tongue wash over the head of his dick and it answered by shooting his cum at it. His body erupted in orgasm, spewing his seed into her mouth. She evidently swallowed as he felt her mouth almost hug his cock, then relax again as more of his cum shot into her mouth. 

His tongue once again pushed into her pussy and her mouth tasted his cum as it filled her. She swallowed and, at the same time, she climaxed too. Dawn almost chocked before she swallowed what was filling her mouth. Her climax aided her and took her mind off what was being injected into her. She just kept swallowing as waved of ecstasy washed over her, completely consuming her. 

The two rode the crest of their orgasms until they finally released their victims and let the couple ease down into normalcy again. Both were exhausted as Dawn rolled off of him. Not wanting to cuddle with his feet, she turned her body so she was facing as he was. 

Dawn grinned at Donny, who was now smiling at her, then glanced over at Kay. "She's doing it," Dawn whispered. Donny looked over at Kay and both watched the half naked girl's hand rubbing her own pussy. Her legs were spread wide and she was slouched down, giving both Donny and Dawn a perfect view of her pussy, only partially covered with her hand. 

They watched as Kay gasped and her fingers almost turned to a blur as they plummeted into her love canal. Her face contorted and Dawn knew she was climaxing. Donny was fascinated as his sitter closed her eyes and, as he rightly guessed, she orgasmed. He had no idea if it was seconds or hours before her hand pulled away from her pussy, leaving her red and swollen lower lips exposed. 

Kay opened her eyes and blushed slightly. Donny had seen her a few times, so that didn't bother her much, and Dawn was a girl anyway. It was the first time she had rubbed in front of them though, even if they had been doing sexual things in front of her. "My guess is you guys could use a shower. No doubt you smell like sex," she stated, giggling as she did, trying to divert their attention from what they just watched. 

"Are you going to take a shower with us?" Dawn asked. 

"Yeah! It will be fun," Donny added. 

"OK, but we can't spend too much time in there," Kay relented. 

Kay picked up her shorts and panties and, along with the two nude younger ones, went into the bathroom. As Donny and Dawn watched, Kay put her clothes on the toilet seat then proceeded to take off her top and bra. Donny was mesmerized as her seemingly large breasts were exposed, but Dawn felt a bit intimidated. Although she had breasts too, Kay's were so much bigger, making her jealous. 

"Donny, turn on the shower so the water will be warm," Kay requested, noticing him staring. She didn't want to distract from Dawn, but it felt good to be admired by Donny just the same. Donny turned and adjusted the shower, then stepped in. Dawn followed, strangely turning her back to him. Kay was the last to get in and faced the other two. 

Nothing was said, but Kay noticed a grin form on Dawn's face. She looked down and saw what was making the girl smile. Donny had grabbed the soap and was washing Dawn. His hand seemed to be running up and down her ass crack even though Kay couldn't see exactly what he was doing. Still, Dawn looked like she was enjoying whatever he was doing as her hips pushed back slightly. 

Kay was surprised when Donny placed the soap back in its place and his hand returned behind Dawn's ass. Dawn's face scrunched up and she leaned forward. Donny's hands moved to her hips and his hips pushed forward. When Dawn gasped Kay realized what was going on. Dawn was getting ass fucked. 

The now joined couple stumbled forward and Dawn's hands went to Kay's shoulders and her legs parted slightly. Dawn grunted softly as Donny pressed his belly against her ass. Dawn's eyes closed and Donny began pumping. Kay could only imaging what Dawn was feeling as a cock was stabbing into her asshole. 

Kay, getting caught up in the moment, brought her hand to Dawn's pussy. Her finger penetrated Dawn's love canal and she could feel Donny's cock going into Dawn. Dawn's legs opened more, inviting Kay. Kay, fascinated by feeling a girl getting fucked, lost all inhibitions and began fingering Dawn, urging her to climax. 

Dawn gasped as her body was being stimulated by both Donny and Kay. She knew she should be in control of her own body, but her body was controlling her. There was a cock jammed into her ass, a place it shouldn't be and even hurt some, but she wanted it there. Girls weren't supposed to let this happen, but her body was in control and wanted it. A finger was poking into her pussy and it wasn't her finger. That shouldn't happen either, but, again, her body was loving it. 

Suddenly Donny rammed into her ass almost violently. That triggered her orgasm and Dawn could feel his cock pulsating deep in her body. She knew he was filling her with his cum. She could also feel her pussy gripping Kay's finger as it plunged into her pussy. It was the most intense climax she had ever experienced. Her world was spinning out of control and she thought she was going to pass out. 

Thankfully the finger in Dawn's pussy pulled out and the hand left her. "You OK?" Kay whispered and Dawn nodded, which was really all she could do. Donny's body was still pressed against her and his cock was still embedded in her ass, but he was no longer moving. All she had to do was pull away from him to be free as he wasn't holding her at all. Strangely she pushed back against him trying to hold him inside her. 

Kay stepped out leaving the joined couple alone. Dawn could feel him softening. Her mind wanted his cock out of her, but her body felt comforted having him inside of her even though he was in a place she didn't think was normal. Slowly he was slipping and, try as she might, she couldn't hold onto him any longer and he fell out of her. 

Dawn turned to face him and one arm went around him as both of his arms went around her. Her free hand went to her ass feeling it. Dawn didn't know what she was feeling for and everything seemed as it had been before. It hadn't been the first time her ass had been taken, but somehow this time felt different. It hurt when he went into her, but didn't seem painful. Now that he wasn't inside her she almost felt empty, like something was missing. 

"We should get out," Dawn whispered to Donny. He didn't answer, but took her hand and helped her step out. Kay was already dressed and handed them towels. They dried off and realized both their clothing was in the living room. Dawn giggled as she scurried into the living room to get her clothes followed closely by Donny. 

He dropped his towel and Dawn was surprised to see his once proud cock hanging limply. She knew boys went soft sometimes, but it was the first time she had really looked at a flaccid cock. Her towel dropped and both just looked at the other, but this time there wasn't the urgency involved. 

Kay walked into the room. "You guys need to get dressed. It's almost time for Dawn to leave. Donny, why don't you walk her home. Oh, Dawn, I put my phone number in your phone if you want to talk," Kay informed them. 




16