Anna Comes to visit the Cousins 
by Risandtylersexscapades

Anna woke up with a sore jaw again. The fourth time in her 10 day stay. She was at her uncle's. He lived in the suburbs with his wife and their three sons. Anna licked her lips. The faint taste of cum presented itself on her palette; something crusted the rim of her eyelid, oh, she knew this feeling all too well. She wasn’t sure which of the four cocks were sneaking into her guest bedroom, but judging on the soreness at the back of her throat, whoever they were, they were big. Her tits were out, not a difficult task, double d’s popped out of such small tank tops as the one she’d worn for the past few nights, but she hoped someone got to appreciate the new jewelry she had put on them last month. Ever since the second sore jaw, she’d been going to bed looking hot. She'd touch up her makeup and don a comfy, but sexy outfit before she dimmed the lights and laid down. She didn’t quite care which of the men of the house were fucking her face each night. Uncle Tony was only 15 years her senior, her father’s youngest sibling, he was a macho finance exec. Tall and tan... she licked her lips imagining them wrapped around his girth. He had confidence that lacked the arrogance and general douche bagginess common to wealthy men in suits. Andrew and Michael were both back from college for the summer, and Lewis, the youngest, had just graduated. That was actually what had brought Anna to their lovely suburban home. Tyler and Melanie were indisposed, but Anna always tried to take family seriously. When her big brother Tyler moved out, and things were bad with their dad, Uncle Tony became a pseudo-father. Anna was old enough to be idolized by her cousins, but not too old so as to be discounted as a boring grown up (that's somewhat what they did with her brother Tyler).

As she sat exposed and aroused in her bed, she wondered who could have been doing this to her. Each night she'd tried to stay awake, but simply could not resist sleeping, she was kicking herself for not waking up during the experience as well! She fantasized about Tony's thick neck and shoulders, about Andrew's bodybuilder physique, or maybe Michael's lanky runner's body - maybe his height gave his cock the reach to make the back of her throat as sore as it was, maybe it was Lewis, quieter than his brother's and still new to sexual expression, it usually is the quiet ones that are the kinkiest. As the four naked bodies danced around her fantasy, slowly Anna's mind wandered into the possibility that it was a combination of them! She grabbed her laptop and headphones, turned on the shower, and reached for the vibrator Mel gave her before they left. '`it's our fuckaversary babe!" she'd told her. Only Mel, her wild sister-in-law would keep track of such a concept - the first time she ever scissored her without her husband present, what a minx. Her favorite pornsites didn't seem to have a blowbang sufficient for her specific craving, but she remembered Tyler's new server system. He'd had security cameras set up on a private server all throughout their house. Cameras that took far more than the standard security shots, the man had basically turned his home into a porn studio for the exclusive viewership of those he and Mel slept with. Anything juicy he saved into various files, but several dozen people would frequently hop on their feed in the hopes of catching something live. Anna thought back to Mel telling her that there were something like nine people who asked her to let them know anytime she's going to pee.

"and you tell them?!"

"Fuck yeah! Why the hell not?!"

"Well I don't... I mean, isn't it kinda gross?"

"Says the girl who fucks her brother regularly?"

"Fair point"

"I may not get any sexual satisfaction from going to the bathroom, but I do get it from people watching me. When there's time I'll even make a show of it if I'm honest, half the time I end up jerking off while I'm in there."

Anna scrolled through the files as she reminisced about her crazy lover. It was weird to miss her, her and Tyler of course, but she did. She really did. The scrolling and reminiscing stopped when she found the video she was thinking of. This one she had cut up into more of like an actual film while bored at work. It opened with her and Melanie receiving a text while they were watching TV.

"Hey girls, there are two outfits laid out in my office, get dressed up, I'll be home in an hour."

"You see this Mel?" The Anna with shorter hair on the screen hollered into the kitchen where Melanie was making coffee

"Yeah... I have no idea." she replied

"Glad I shaved my legs this morning!"

Anna watched herself get up and head down the hall to Tyler's office where she found a matching set of lingerie, one a midnight blue, the other emerald. Each was accompanied by a white, silk kimono. The lace material was fully translucent. Anna's was the blue, Melanie's the emerald. She brought them out and the two girls got dressed, teasing, and flirting with each other the whole time. It was clear they were getting into it. They both decided to add gartered stockings, heels and matching lace chokers to the ensembles. They had barely finished putting on makeup and sitting down when they heard Tyler roll up. Another vehicle, something large rolled in as well.

Tyler walked in with a sexy black woman on his arm. He was in a nicely tailored suit, and she was in a tight red dress with matching lipstick. Her hair was natural, in a dark brown afro she'd styled with a part on the left third.

"Hello Ms.."

"Elanor"

"Elanor is Sean Livingston's publicist." Tyler had just finished renovating a multimillion dollar home for the star quarterback of the Oakland Buccaneers. It wasn't the NFL, but it still paid pretty well when you factored local sponsorships.

"Ah, and to what do we owe the pleasure?"

Anna watched the screen as Elanor and Melanie eyed each other remarkably sultrily in the way only Mel could.

"Well Mr Livingston took me out to lunch with the starters and a couple of the coaches as a thank you for the house. While we were there I mentioned that I couldn't quite decide if my wife, or my secretary, gave better head."

"Ohh? I thought it was obvious" Anna smirked, both on screen and as she sat pulling on the studs protruding either side of her nipples. Mel always was competitive. Tyler gave her a knowing smile... He did actually have a favorite... but Anna was content being a very close second.

"Well, the guys offered their services in helping us reach a verdict, if you're interested."

Anna watched the two massive grins stretch across her and Mel's face. Twenty three men walked through the door, all in suits as nice or nicer than Tyler's. Mr. Livinston guided both of them onto the couch, laying on their backs, their heads both dangling off the end.

"I reckon, there's a couple aspects that we'll need to assess, first and foremost facefucking." His deep voice boomed.

Anna drifted into the memory, how it felt to be smothered by man after man after man. All chiseled, girthy individuals with cocks to match. She watched her makeup run down her face, watched cum and spit drip into her nose and eyes. Her legs quivered as Mel literally blew a bubble with the spit and cum cocktail in her nostril. Both their eyes were red and puffy. Her pussy was about as wet then as it was with her hand on it currently. She moaned softly taking a moment to observe Tyler and Elanor fucking on the love seat across from the scene. Elanor had tattoos all down her back and thigh which Anna hadn't seen until she made the video.

She had 45 minutes of video left, but had already cum three twice, so, satisfied she paused and headed for the shower. She didn't care to close the file, what was the worst thing that could happen? someone see?

*****

Breakfast followed the same routine every meal had in the last week. Aunt Betty made the food, Andrew set the table, Lewis served the dishes and Michael cleaned up. The boy's roles alternated each meal. Once everyone was served Aunt Betty would assign the blessing of the meals to someone. They'd pray, thank god for the food, or whatever current event was relevant, and pray for the day and whatnot. Betty was very religious, she dressed like you would imagine a religious housewife from a generation before would, it was kind of weird, but also kinda hot to Anna... everything was hot Anna sometimes. She felt her uncle more or less went along with the religion stuff, as she never remembered him being like that back in the day. The boys seemed to be just as fervent as their mother, though she knew their devotion was correlated directly to their proximity to their mom. Off in college, Andrew and Michael were quite the partiers.

Today Uncle Tony got the gig, they all bowed their heads and held hands. Anna hadn't been asked once since arriving. She hadn't decided if it was considerate or insulting of Aunt Betty to assume she wasn't interested. The food was so good though, that she didn't care whichever way it went.

"Amen"

"So dear, how did you sleep last night?"

"Very, very well." She eyed her uncle first, to see if it got a reaction from the way she emphasized her words- nothing.

"Yeah, I'm glad, you look pretty well rested" he said, head down in the pancakes.

"Oh I am" next was Michael... still nothing.

"It was a very..... satisfying night." Andrew shifted a bit, but that could also be from the awkward intensity... Anna still wasn't sure. She hoped something would happen that would expose her evening face fucker, but nothing.

Lewis was next to her. she gave him an equally knowing side eye.

"How bout you graduate, how was your evening."

"It was fine, I kinda wanted to sleep in more, but I always wake up at the same time lately." Fucking nada! The conversation continued, as most do until Andrew brought up the day's plans.

"So Nana, we were gonna go meet up with some friends at this spot by the river." Anna knew the spot, had her first taste of alcohol there, and her first hickey.

"Oh, the one off Maple Street?"

"Yeah, you wanna come? I mean, it'll be mostly people our age, but I think some of the older guys that are around for the break will be there too."

"Morgan's coming" Michael popped in. Anna raised an eyebrow. Morgan was two years younger than Anna. She was the nerdy sister of a girl in the class above Anna who she had been pretty close with. Morgan was a friend, but not extremely close. She'd lost touch with her, along with most of the people from her hometown when she moved away for school. Most moved away after college anyways.

"Sounds fun, worst case scenario, I can catch up on some paperwork I need to get sorted."

"Awesome! Can we take your car?!" Her car wasn't flashy by any means, but the compact SUV was new, and had tinted windows and a killer sound system. The seats that folded all the way down in the back were a perk the boys could also probably see the advantage of.

"Sure!"

“I am just so glad Ty did everything he did to help you get on your feet after everything that happened with your husband.” Anna smiled, she could feel that Betty’s empathy was laced with judgement, maybe even contempt. Tony’s hand squeezed her arm, reminding her to not let her religious beliefs interfere with her family.

“Sorry dear. I mean nothing by it.”

“No, no, it’s okay. I’m very fortunate to be surrounded by family that cares for me as deeply as you all do. Tyler was a godsend to say the least. I don’t know what I would have done otherwise.”

“From what he tells me, you’re quite the godsend yourself.” Uncle Tony chimed in, seemingly to cut the tension in the room. Betty returned to looking down at her eggs.

“Haha, well he’s good at doing the work, but running the business, not so much.” Tony and the boys laughed. Betty smiled somewhat before letting her judgement come back into the conversation.

“That wife of his probably manages the family finances I imagine?” Melanie, in addition to being a nympho, was a prominent attorney in the city. Aunt Betty probably judged her for not being a stay at home parent.

“Melanie? Yeah, she’s an attorney so, yeah, she’s got the headspace for it. Where Tyler just knows how to hammer things really well." She smiled feigning ignorance.

“I didn’t like your ex, he was a total tool.” Anna couldn't agree with her cousin more.

“Andrew!” Betty smacked the back of his head and gave a blood curdling glare.

“No it’s okay, he isn’t wrong. Even Jesus condoned divorce in instances of infidelity.” Translation: fuck you and your crucibles Aunt Betty.

The suburbs were roughly equidistant from the city and rural farmland. Which had its perks. Anna donned a white t-shirt and daisy dukes over her bathing suit, even threw on some old cowboy boots for the hell of it. Something she’d get side eyed for back in California for sure. She felt like a kid again, sneaking out to get high, or laid. It was kinda fun, but also weird.

Upon arrival it became apparent that this was less of a party and more of a hangout. After taking a dip in the cold water and having a beer with her cousins she set herself down on a sunny boulder and reclined with a file in hand. The boys were distracted in a frenzy of wrestling, cliff jumping, and shotgunning beers. She pretended not to notice all of them sneaking glances at her, their friends were clearly impressed with how hot their cousin from out of state was. She caught the cousins sneaking glances as well - again, she pretended not to notice.

“Morgan! What the fuck is up?!” Andrew, the oldest, hollered from an inner tube.

“I thought you said people were coming.” The voice was deeper and more suave than she remembered. Anna turned her head, and saw the person responding, her jaw dropped.

The kinda nerdy photo club girl was gone, in her place Morgan had tapped into badassery and edginess that made Anna's blood boil. Her hair was a teal to aqua ombre, short, and buzzed on the side. Her lip was pierced, as well as her nose and eyebrow, Anna wondered to herself if anything else was pierced. Her heavy makeup and dark lipstick seemed out of touch with the king of the hill and sunbathing that she and her cousins were partaking in, but under the black studded overall shorts and Doc Martins was a neon pink bikini, the thin straps of her bottoms hiked up over her hips so that Anna could see them peaking out on either side of the overall - definitely a thong style. Anna felt the roles reversed, now she was the lame suburbanite with a messy bun and cut offs, Morgan was the cool, mysterious badass looking on indifferently.

"At least there's booze!" Morgan turned to the voice, her face lit up as she recognized her old acquaintance.

"Anna Crawford?! Anna Mother Fucking Crawford!"

"In the flesh bitch!" it felt forced, like the kid trying out swearing for the first time.

"It's been a long fucking time! Didn't you get married or something?" Strike two for lamo Anna

"Ugh don't remind me, men are fucking trash." She got up, her tits practically falling out of the small top.

"Wouldn't know." Is that so? Anna thought to herself. She'd suspected, but now she was certainly ready for things to get interesting. There's a bit of an unspoken code for women that were into other women. Casually bringing up your orientation was usually a subtle way of identifying yourself as a potential partner.

The two girls sat and chatted, quickly growing closer than they'd ever been in high school. Morgan went off to college and found herself there, when she came back she started working as a freelance photographer based out of Seattle. Since she was constantly out on the road though, she ended her lease and moved into the basement suite of her sister's house. She was here for a few days between gigs. Anna couldn't help but notice Morgan eyeing her. The water droplets sparkled in the light down her cleavage and stomach. Anna knew which top she wore that day, her pierced nipples would be subtly showing... just enough to make one curious. She was happy that, if Morgan was in fact into girls, it seemed she was her type. By now a few more guys had joined the cousins in the water and the ogling was starting to annoy Anna especially now that she had someone specific on her mind.

"Wanna go commit a felony, babe?"

Morgan's eyes widened inquisitively, shocked at the out-of-the-blue statement. Anna let it sit for a minute before she reached into her bag and pulled out a blunt.

"Fuck yeah I do!"

"Perfect, plus the person I'm with right now hates tan lines."

"Wha"

Anna acted as though she didn't hear Morgan's question, and jumped to her feet, grabbing the towel beneath her and her bag. Morgan followed suit, unsure just who was seducing who.

Upriver, there was a more secluded cove-like area. It was difficult to reach as well as too shallow for swimming, and too rough for tubing which meant the girls could rest easy knowing they had it too themselves. Anna laid out her blanket and handed Morgan the joint. While she lit it up, Anna quickly removed her bikini top and slid out of her bottoms, placing them both beside her bag. She leaned back, careful to hold the most natural, yet sexy pose she could muster.

"What the fuck?!" Morgan turned around and nearly inhaled the joint due to the shock of the model-like goddess she suddenly found nude before her.

"What? I told you, the person I'm with doesn't like tan lines." Anna feigned innocence, what would some ditzy popular girl know about non-hetero preferences?

"Well, fuck, I..."

"It's no big deal Morgie, I've got tits you've got tits, I've got a pussy.."

"a clean shaved pussy" Morgan said awkwardly. The girl was blushing and clearly flustered, but also could not look away.

"What can I say? Anyways, get down here and pass me that blunt mother fucker"

"I get it, I get it." She looked around, then undid the straps of her overalls, letting the top part fall to her waist and sat down on the towel Anna had laid beside her's.

"When'd you get your nipples pierced." Morgan said, now trying to be the cool one. though the thought of Anna's tits were driving her crazy.

"You like?" ditzy and oblivious seemed to be working. She gave them a shake feigning innocence. "They're new actually, still a bit tender, I got them put in like... five weeks ago?"

"They look hot."

"Well thank you, you've got quite the arsenal yourself there Missy"

"Yeah, not my tits though, it's a bit intimidating for me?"

"It hurt like a motherfucker, not gonna lie." Anna wheezed as she exhaled smoke with the same breath.

"That's what I hear, and I'm pretty sensitive there as it is."

"Oh are you?" she raised her eyebrow, conveying.. well to quote the pop diva 'I'm not that innocent'.

The flirting and joking and catching up continued. Though Anna was sure to convey her sexual promiscuity, she kept women... and her brother out of the story arch. The sexy straight as an arrow girl vibe seemed to be getting quite the reaction from Morgan. Sexual frustration, infatuation and repression all mixed into a lovely color of red on her cheeks. The two lay on their sides facing one another, Anna was careful to hold the pose like one of those Renaissance portraits, her curves accentuated by the arch in her back. Half way through their second joint the tension had boiled over, Anna, who had been sure to look away often enough to let Morgan really take in her nude body, decided it was time to make her move.

"Yeah, VeganPigFarmers are like Stone Temple Pilots meets early Velvet Underground, with a live show as hype as 2Shorty in his prime.. They do a lot of show's down in the underground Oakland punk scene, I'd kill to see them again." Anna was only half listening to Morgan's band craze.

"Come down some time, I've got space in my apartment... so... Morgan, ever heard of double pumping?"

"This isn't some weird bi-curious thing is it.. cus.. like... I'm gay and all, but.." Anna smiled, she was glad to hear that some bi-curious thing was on her mind.

"No silly!" Anna chuckled, half for the bit, half because she was feeling the effects of the booze and pot.

"My sister-in-law showed it to me. So you know how people are always like 'you can die from second-hand smoke!' right?"

"Yeah"

"Well, you can get high from it too." She was sure some stoner's had tried this before, but this was just an excuse to get real up close and personal with her new fling.

"Oh, yeah... yeah I think I've seen this before, they called it something else.. okay so like?"

"Come here." Morgan scooted towards Anna.

"Closer doll, you gotta be right in my face." She pulled Morgan's shoulders, feeling her warm skin for the first time. She could smell her sex faintly, and wondered if Morgan had smelled it yet. She fought the urge to turn her touch into something more sensual, her eyes darted down the young woman's physique, a naval stud glinted under the hem of the half off overalls which caught her eye, and suddenly she fantasized about what else was below. Anna lifted her leg up, planting its foot behind the knee of the leg on the ground and rested her arm on the newly formed leg perch. If Morgan hadn't picked up on her scent yet, she probably would now. Morgan mimicked the pose loosely, and inhaled unsurely, then turned to Anna's face and blew softly into her open mouth. The two giggled.

"nice nice, but closer... here let me." Anna took the joint and scooted even closer, their lips were inches apart now, and Anna kept watching Morgan's eyes dart down at them. She turned away, to suck in the smoke. She could feel Morgan taking the moment to fully take in the naked body beside her. Anna slowly turned back to keep up the illusion of ignorance. And blew into Morgan's accepting smile.

"Oh okay I get it. now." Anna had all but touched the woman's lips as she exhaled. It took everything to stop there. She intended to savor this just a little while longer. After all, there was no going back after this.

"Yeah? Okay here you go."

The two continued a few more, both acknowledging the unique effect. Until

"Can I tell you something Morgan." Anna said into the smoke emanating from the lips millimeters from her own.

"Sure"

"No judgement." Another puff.

"Course not"

"That person that I'm seeing."

"Yeah? the one that doesn't like tan lines"

"Is Tyler's wife."

"Really" Anna watched the shock turn to revelation, turn to intrigue.

"And you wanna know something else." Anna had put out the joint, but returned to her position a hairline away from Morgan's lips.

"She loves tan lines."

That was all they needed. Morgan's tongue crossed the barely existent void into Anna's waiting lips. At the same time her hand reached down and grasped the exposed pussy, almost hot to the touch from the sun and wetter than if she had just gotten out of the water. She rolled onto Anna's soft flesh and began to search her pussy for the important pieces of the puzzle for this new lover's orgasm. Anna moaned into her lips as Morgan located her clit, and began to discover how tender the edges of her labia were.

"Right there baby.. fuck yeah!" Anna's hands made quick work of the two knots holding Morgan's bikini in place. She found her tits to be reminiscent of Melanie's; smaller perky and absolutely delicious. She broke away from their tongue wrestling to fondle her nipples with her warm tongue, remembering that they were 'extra sensitive'. Morgan squealed out, her rubbing of Anna's nethers slowed as she became lost in her own sensations. This was fine, all the tension leading up to this moment had left Anna already right on the verge, she could feel her lips throbbing ever since she first stripped down and laid on the ground. Now the fullness of the eroticism presented itself, high school friends, reconnected, on a level unheard of; her cousins, a few hundred yards away. The hot sun beating down in the open air.. completely exposed.. anyone could see. She hoped they would.

Anna took the moment of reprieve to yank Morgan's overalls off. Her bottoms were a thong, they stayed on simply because Anna hadn't hooked their strings successfully when she pulled down the shorts, but she quickly pulled them to the side and found Morgan's warm pussy lips waiting for her. Ah, so there is another piercing. Shey toyed a bit with the pubic jewelry before sliding her fingers as deep into her cunt as she could reach. Morgan moaned and then collapsed back down onto Anna's face, both of them grinding on one another's intrusive fingertips.

"Ohh.. rub my fucking clit! rub my FUCKing clit!" Anna obliged, using her palm to rub just below the pierced flesh. Her lover grabbed her hair and pulled on it as the gesture sent her over the edge. Morgan's own hand seemed to match Anna's pace, Anna began to mirror the figure eight motion Morgan was applying to her own clit with her palm. She watched Morgan's back arch, her free hand dig into the towel while the other pulled harder at her hair. She moved her hips a bit with her until quickly Anna was joining Morgan in a mutual, blissful climax.

As they came down from their moment, the kissing turned from raw passion, to sensual eroticism. Anna spun her over onto her back and slid the thong out from her. She took a moment to take in the gorgeous body before her wearing nothing, but her mid-calf Doc Marten platform boots. She had no intention of removing those. Morgan's skin was much paler than Anna's, it completed the outfit perfectly. Morgan had dyed her small landing strip bright orange and red. She followed the line with her eyes down to her swollen, pink lips and bit her tongue. Then, as if remembering there was someone else there, attached to the delectable fuckhole, she turned to Morgan and crawled atop her warm flesh. Morgan was inviting but somewhat sheepish. Despite Anna's impression, Morgan still felt out of her league. Suddenly she was back in high school, worried any pass at her was a trap someone set to make fun of her. Sure it only happened to Morgan once, but it left it's scar. As the welcoming, sincere smile of her newfound lover neared her, all trepidations seemed to melt away - besides, sharing an orgasm in order to really sell the bait would say more about the perpetrator than the victim. She moaned softly as Anna’s tongue darted around her neck while she felt her hand clench her thighs and hips. Their pelvis involuntarily began to writhe against each other in a sensual dance. She felt Anna’s fingers claw down her thigh, then back up, then down again. Each time, Morgan twitched as the edge of Anna’s hand edged closer and closer to her mound. This bitch knew what she was doing. Then to her surprise, Anna began to move her lips down. She felt her teeth on her collarbone, then the warm, soft edge of her tongue on her nipple, she winced again, finding a firm grasp on her blonde bun. The descent continued, and the combination of nibbles, licks and kisses sent shivers down Morgan’s spine. Anna smirked at the goosebumps she saw around her navel, knowing full well it was way too hot out for anything but her to be the source.

Morgan felt nervous, she knew where this was going. Her body wanted Anna’s tongue inside her desperately, but she was anxious. What if she didn’t like her pussy? What if it was all a joke, or a fling? What if someone found out? She’d heard it all before, moving home after coming out, she was good at acting indifferent but every time someone yelled “fag” or “dyke” it stung.

“Hey baby, are you okay?” Anna had clued in.

“I uhh, yeah... it’s”

“We don’t have to do this, I’m here to make you feel good, so no problem if there's something else you'd prefer."

Now, in addition to feeling horribly aroused, Morgan felt safe. An intoxicating combination.

"Eat my fucking pussy bitch!" She pressed Anna's willing face down into her nether regions, grinding her hips against the woman's expertly sensual tongue. Having already come to understand this new cooch, she made quick work of finding just what she wanted. Morgan pulled at her nipples and as Anna's left hand reached up and cupped the underside of breast. With her right, Anna explored an idea. She noticed Morgan's perfectly bleached asshole was thoroughly drenched in cum dripping from her happy pussy. Pushing Morgan's legs up onto her shoulders, Anna lifted Morgan's pelvis, then spread her legs so as to give her simultaneous access to both holes. First, as an inquisitorial measure she ran her tongue down her lower back, over her anus, and back over her taint and into her pussy. Morgan quivered at both entrances, and an elated Anna acted on her newfound understanding. For Anna, it was always so exhilarating to discover a new woman's body. Each unique curve and feature. No two women are alike, she wished she could survey and understand them all. For now, another delicious sex goddess would satiate her.

While Anna tongued Morgan's clitoris in a pattern similar to the figure eight motion that sent her over the edge earlier, she massaged around the edge of her rear entrance with index and middle finger. She felt Morgan's hand squeeze down on her hand, and watched the other clamp down into the dirt beside her. Bingo! She gradually changed the angle, pressing around more and more directly inside her hole until it was clear she was ready. She lifted her lips momentarily from Morgan's in order to shove three fingers into her dripping pussy and vibrated a monstrous fury into her. Morgan's whole body convulsed, her mouth went agape and her eyes rolled back.

"Ohhhh fuUUUuCccuucKKK!!!!"

Anna was shocked to feel the eruption building between Morgan's legs. She kept up her pace, curious if this was going to culminate into what she was hoping. Morgan could feel waves of pleasure rippling out from Anna's tongue movements. Everything went black, as she felt a pressure building deep inside her.. It was like nothing she'd felt ever before. It needed release, but she wasn't sure what that meant. Nonetheless, as Anna laid her tongue flat against her clit and began to flap left and right at a similar pace to her voracious hand gesture, Morgan's muscles' ability to contain the pressure build up was wearing down. And the overload of pleasure sensations had her slowly caring less and less. Suddenly, as she reached her climax, her muscles gave out. An eruption of fluid exploded out of her pussy into Anna's waiting mouth, and all over her face and tits. The force of cum almost stung, but the warm, creamy substance rewarded Anna more than adequately. Morgan was embarrassed, and went to apologize, but an unphazed Anna shoved her newly lubricated fingers into Morgan's ass. Her back arched and head rolled back before Morgan could get off a response. Anna could feel Morgan's legs twitching over her shoulders. The leather of her boots was hot against her skin. She could stay in that moment forever, til her blood boiled over from either the sun or the eroticism. But alas...

"Hey! Mother fucker!! Get the fuck out of here you mother fucking creep! FUCKERR!"

Anna heard giggling and a frantic patter of footsteps. She perked up and saw Morgan covering her tits with her hand as she reached for her top. By the time she turned around, whatever peeping tom loomed in the bushes was long gone. She wondered if it was one of her pea-brained cousins. Today's deviance was not over. She threw both of their bikinis into her bag. A confused Morgan slipped her overalls on and followed Anna as she walked away from the spot. Though she was pretty uncomfortable because the overalls did nothing to conceal her tits, compared to the literal naked woman leading her forward, she was a nun. Anna led her down the trail to the carport where she showed her new friend how great her foldable rear seats were.

*****

"Amen"

Tarragon and rosemary permeated Anna's nostrils. She looked down at the plate of chicken and couscous, her mouth watered. She was pretty famished after her afternoon plans.

"So Anna, how was the river?"

"It was a total blast! it made me feel like a kid again!"

"I'll say!" Lewis' eyes darted away and he recoiled inward, melting under Anna's inquisitive gaze. She kept her eyes on him. Culprit identified.

"Yeah, the water, and the sun were very... satisfying." She was sure she saw his cock twitch when she practically moaned the word 'very'. Had she found her him?

"Yeah, where'd you and Morgan run off to." Andrew was clearly oblivious.

"Ah we just needed some girl time to catch up. Once we," Anna paused and locked eyes with Lewis again "finished" the boy squirmed in his seat and looked away agian. Anna proceeded, "we joined up with you guys again and headed home."

"Cool, cool, she seemed really happy to see you. Maybe we should invite her out tomorrow for your last night here!"

"Wow, is that already here?!" Michael seemed genuinely surprised

As dinner came to a close Lewis made the rounds to pick up the plates and distribute dessert. Anna's suspicion towards him had made him uneasy, but also blinded her a bit to the real culprit. He scurried away from her intense gaze... She was correct, he had watched her and Morgan since the moment they left the group, but she had no idea the breadth of his sinfulness. She inhaled the ice cream almost as fast as supper, just before asking for seconds she looked down at her empty bowl. Panic and dread flooded her as her eyes bulged in response to her realization: she was being drugged! That was why she couldn't wake up each night! Was it in the dessert possibly?! She excused herself for the restroom and attempted in vain to empty her stomach. According to her typical schedule, she had about two hours before the drugs would really set in. As she looked in the mirror, a wicked grin began to stretch across her face, she had an idea.

*****

90 minutes later, Anna emerged from the bathroom. She had showered, shaved, done her hair and makeup and was ready for the final touches. She reached the secret compartment of her suitcase and pulled out a set of lingerie with assless panties, stockings, and her favorite butt plug. She watched herself get dressed in the full body mirror that sat beside the bed - whoever was fucking her face each night was lucky, she was stunning. Despite having just thoroughly cleaned herself in the shower, she could already smell her sex, her pussy was so wet that it barely took one stroke before her plug was adequately prepared for insertion. With a muted 'pop' she let it slide inside her. She then turned to admire the bejeweled heart at the end before slipping her housecoat on and continuing with preparations. Her laptop was placed inconspicuously atop the wardrobe opposite the mirror. She opened the camera application and made sure that the angle would capture the bed as well as the mirror, then she pressed record and turned the screen off. She did the same with her phone on the nightstand, though due to the yawning and general grogginess, the placement lacked the expert placement her laptop had. She felt her consciousness slipping. Time to get into position.

Anna slipped out of her robe, and crawled onto the bed. Seeing as she'd lose consciousness no matter what, she chose to lose it ass up, on her knees, with her face buried in the pillows. She wrote with lipstick "Use all the holes you want tonight." on her ass. There was no way they wouldn't take the hint.

*****

"I don't think this is a good idea anymore" a young voice said.

"Lewis, shut the fuck up."

"Seriously, guys, she's... she's a lesbian!" Lewis continued.

"All the more reason honey, maybe this will help purge her own depravity as well!"

"I don't know mom, I just don't think it's a good idea, it was one thing when she was just another whore of Babylon like you said, but she doesn't like sex with men."

"Bro, no one likes sex when they're sedated."

"Your mother's right boys, and besides, hasn't this been more fun than the usual arrangement."

"Yeah, but I kinda miss actual pussy"

"Don't talk about my body that way, I am doing the Lord's work providing for ALL of my children's needs, but I will not be degrading with such uncouth language."

"Yes ma'am sorry!"

"Andy, is it time yet?"

"Should be, Michael's on lookout"

"Let's see if we can get started.

*****

Anna awoke on the floor. Well, somewhat on the floor. Her legs were on the bed still, while her shoulders and head were strewn on the carpet the bed at atop. The rest of her body hung in limbo between the two. One oh her eyes was crusted shut while the other stung as it up to assess her circumstance. She was still groggy and very disoriented. Confusion built as she became aware of the soreness and tenderness all throughout her body. Every inch of her ached, especially her tits and ass… and her throat. Suddenly, it began to come back to her. Anna spun herself around and made her way over to her laptop. She turned the screen lighting back on only to find that the laptop had died. A frantic Anna scoured the room only to remember that the charger was in her car. She remembered her backup camera, surely her phone would still have some juice. Turning to face the bed, Anna saw her reflection for the first time. She gasped then looked down at her body to confirm what the mirror had shown her. She was covered in cum. Her face, chest, legs, pubic hair, makeup, hair and semen had plastered her left eye shut. Her nipples were swollen, and reddish pink scratches, bite marks and handprints covered her almost as frequently as the red and black profanities written in with her mascara pen and lipsticks: slut, cum-dumpster, whore, Jezebel, bitch, fag, cum rag, flesh light, cunt, sodomite, whore… whore and slut were quite frequent. Her eyes were puffy, which combined with the mascara running down her face, told her she’d been face fucked quite brutally. Her throbbing fuckholes corroborated the story. She made her way to the bed, realizing how awkward her gait was. The phone screen lit up, much to her excitement, but the video angle was very limited. She could see her face pressed on the bed, and roughly a third of her torso, it would have to do.

For the first three hours nothing happened, but, at the 3h16min marker she noticed the light change. She started up the video from there, sure enough, the light came from the door creaking open. The voices were faint, she slipped her headphones on to hear better. She hadn't even noticed that her hand had already found her throbbing clit and was teasing it for her.

"Wait here boys"

"She's awake mom!" There was a pause, the floorboards creaked. Two dark figures appeared at the edge of the screen. They whispered to each other.

"You see this?"

"What should we do?"

"Well I mean, it would certainly quell their... urges, dear?" There was no mistaking, Aunt Betty was speaking.

"But sodomy? It's forbidden!" Anna's hand pinched her already tender nipple. She had no idea just how far up this thing went. She knew these voices. It was her Aunt and Uncle standing above her. She was pretty sure she'd heard Michael earlier, but she had a growing suspicion her wildest fantasies were about to come true.

"The good book condemns sodomy, but allows for the use of the wife to satiate the burning desires of youth." Anna didn't have to be a saint to know that this sounded like a stretch. It was more likely Aunt Betty was using this as an excuse to justify her own 'sinfulness'.

"Yes of course, but.."

"Since in today's society, our son's must be much older to marry respectably than the Good Book intended. I extend my role as their mother to cover all their needs as they mature, fulfilling their spiritual, nutritional, social and sexual needs myself. And as a divorced harlett of your household, these duties extend to Anna"

"I know dear, but" Anna could feel her uncle's frustration. It was all making sense finally. She reached for a pillow to prop up the phone and leaned back to enjoy the events unfolding.

"You never burned with desire for sodomy, but if our children do, it is my responsibility as their mother to find an outlet for that debauchery."

"Yes dear, but you've never -" The tension was thick in his voice as he stood over Anna's limp frame.

"And if that is something your niece is clearly better equipped to help with, then I thank God he has shown this household favor."

"Amen"

"Amen, now, how about you get her holes warmed up for the boys... besides" kissing sounds clipped in the phone's crummy audio. "I couldn't help but notice you staring at her forbidden entrance ever since we got here."

"Dear I would ne--" Anna bit her lip as she heard the distinct sound of a zipper followed by the all familiar gasps of a man being touched.

"Enjoy, darling. Please". From there, the two shadows moved out of screen. Her body shifted though as she imagined Tony dropping his pants and burying his face in her ass based on the slurping sounds that somewhat muffled Betty's instructions.

"My sweet, sweet boys, the Lord has rewarded your faithfulness with a bounty none deserve. Through his providence, the whore of Babylon has offered her whole self up to you to help contain the desires of your flesh."

"Really?" Anna wasn't sure who was speaking.

"Truly, he must have made her mad with lust so that God could use her as a vessel for his glory." vessel for his cum maybe. Anna couldn't help but laugh to herself. "Perhaps in serving his chosen children, your disgraced, harlot cousin can be cleansed of her own sins."

Anna watched as her limp body began to be thrust forward. Phantom sensations filled her ass at the cadence of her uncle's cock. Her eyes shut as she reached both her hands down between her legs.

"So you're saying."

"She has presented her body to you boys, every orifice is on the table, all of your darkest, most twisted urges can be explored tonight, things I wouldn't even let you do to me on Christmas." Anna couldn't decide if she abhorred Betty or was in love with her.

"You mean I"

"go grab some clamps from the garage Andrew" The door squeaked again.

"Should we wait for -- "

"Your father's just getting her warmed up, there's still plenty available for you boys. Sharing can be a separate carnal desire, who knows how many cocks that slut has taken at once. For once, it will be while serving the Lord." The floorboards creaked again and two more figures appeared. There was no mistaking it. Anna moaned softly as Lewis and Michael's naked bodies entered the shot.

"Here, Michael, lay beside her." He complied, then Anna saw Tony's arms rotate her limp figure onto his son's body.

"There, now you both can enjoy."

With that, Lewis exited the screen and Tony re-entered. Anna's jaw dropped as she came to learn what side of the family Tyler got his amazing cock from. 9, girthy inches wobbled perpendicular to his hairy figure. Her body began to bounce again as her cousins started enjoying her (surely) soaking fuckholes. Uncle Tony sat in front of Anna's face and pressed his cock into her lifeless mouth, and began to thrust, this time much faster than her boys' pace. The thrusting shook the nightstand and knocked the camera over.

Fuck!

Content with the audio though, Anna reached into her bag for some toys, two thick dildo's would have to do the trick. She fell back on the bed, lifting her legs above her head and began to furiously fuck her throbbing holes. The heavy breathing, the coaxing advice from Aunt Betty, and the rough slapping sounds of truly brutal fucking sent Anna over the edge a few times before the end of the video arrived at it's conclusion apparently her phone did not have enough storage to capture the whole evening. Hopefully her laptop did. Besides, there had been enough cues for her mind to portray a truly gruesome scene to masturbate to.

Three orgasms later, an adequately satisfied Anna made her way to the shower to get cleaned off, though, some of the writing would have to stay... like a souvenir.

At the dining table, Anna sat down beside Aunt Betty, in what appeared to be a conservative top that Aunt Betty could be proud of. However, under the cardigan the blouse was backless, containing a loop at the collar and one at her waist that was tucked under her tennis skirt. Breakfast followed the usual schedule, during the meal Anna explained that she was going out with Morgan and would not be around for lunch, but still planned to be home for dinner. She hadn't mentioned the reason was because her laptop charger was actually back home and Morgan had one that would work for hers. Though disappointed, her cousins were happy to spend most the morning with their sweet cousin, who exposed the sexiness of her outfit halfway through breakfast to get a rise out of everyone at the table, especially her pimp, Aunt Betty.

She was kinda baffled, everyone at the table knew what happened, and everyone knew that she knew at least the result of what happened last night, yet everyone was acting like business as usual. Like she hadn't spent thirty minutes scrubbing herself clean, like there weren't hickies and scrapes all over her back and neck, like her mouth wasn't saturated with God only knows how much cum. It was strange, like this forbidden secret, one so forbidden that even though everyone knew, no one could speak of it. She felt her pussy ache, luckily, her laptop held the cure.

*****

"There, you can both enjoy" From the new angle, Anna had the whole picture. All three cocks were more than satisfactory. Lewis' back muscles flexed with each probing thrust into her cunt. Before long, Andrew returned with a crate. While his siblings pumped into her, he pulled out woodworking clamps, screwdrivers, and a leather strap. "What a dirty boy" she thought.

She pulled on her nipple piercings as Andrew's clamps did the same to her on the screen. He began rubbing and slapping her clit in between his brothers thrusts while he reached for the strap and began to whip her chest and thighs. At that moment Uncle Tony's thrusts became erratic and more aggressive. Anna bit her lip as she watched her uncle cum inside her lifeless mouth. He dismounted and reached for his pants as Andrew pulled out what, to Anna's surprise, was the biggest of the four cocks.

"Alright dears, your father and I will leave you to it, remember, I want you to get out all of your most depraved urges, you won't get opportunities like this every time you visit home you know?"

"No mom! stay! Please?!" Anna's head tilted at the sounds coming from the boy with his cock in her ass.

"Come on, enjoy yourself, let us purge your desires too."

"Honey, thank you, but that is not your cross to bear."

"In that case, there's nothing I crave more than the taste of my mommy's pussy."

Lewis chimed in. "And I lust for the chance to sodomize both of you tonight."

In the mirror Anna could see Aunt Betty cover mouth in shock, then look left and right as if her pastor might have snuck in. Then Betty slip the straps of her conservative nightgown off her shoulders and let it fall to the floor. Under her modest attire lay a total MILF, her stomach was tight, her tits massive, her legs ravishing. Anna was not surprised to find her mound completely untamed, rather, it completed the older woman's look. It reminded Anna of those 70's pornos one of her boyfriends was so into.

Betty crawled onto the bed and locked lips with Lewis while Michael rotated his body from underneath Anna. Betty proceeded to sit on his face and moan into Lewis' mouth until the two of them came. Lewis shot his load onto Anna's stomach then dismounted, Tony took his place, fucking her with a force that shook the whole room practically. Andrew had mounted her face, unlike his father, he faced her body, allowing him to pull on her clamps, and whip and slap her as he saw fit. Lewis came back into the shot with a handful of items, Anna couldn't tell what they were until he started writing on her with them.

"Cum Dumpster? Lewis! That foul mouth of yours is--"

"Is in need of release, Betty."

"Humiliation?"

"Humiliation."

"Gimmie one of those." Andrew began to write what Anna knew from this morning to be whore and cum rag on her neck and cheek. Aunt Betty and Michael also took to writing their bile on her. If it wasn't so misogynistic Anna would have loved this humiliation... hell, even though it was so sexist, she still was loving the way they were degrading her.

"Hey Lewis, I think there's room in this pussy for both of us."

"I'm not quite there yet dad"

"Well I am" Anna watched her neck jerk unnaturally as Andrew pulled his shaft out from her throat and proceeded to join Uncle Tony.

"Well that's fucking hot, girl" Morgan said as she crawled up Anna's naked body. Anna looked at the young girl's face, Morgan's lips were glistening with her cum. Even without Morgan's expert tongue work, Anna was so aroused that a frat boy could make her cum.

"I was worried you'd judge me"

"Then why show it?" Anna was still somewhat distracted by the naked body pressed against hers, Morgan's hand was squeezing her upper thigh in a way that was driving her wild. Anna's hand found Morgan's pussy lips and began to return the favor.

"I figured the worst case scenario, I will never see you again." The two girls chuckled to themselves.

"No judgement here, my first sexual experiences were with my sister."

"Really?"

"Yeah, we experimented on each other. Apparently no one makes her cum as good as me."

"Do you guys still...?"

"Fuck? No, she's married now."

"Not, I mean, never?"

"Okay, well on occasion we..."

Morgan trailed off as Anna made quick work of her clit... It was either that or the fact that she was watching a second cock squeeze into the pussy she was just eating.

"You said her husband's away."

"Yeah, baseball tournament with their oldest."

"When does she get home?"

"Like an hour"

"What do you say we put this show on the big screen and wait for her"

Morgan was unresponsive. Anna had her teasing the edge of release.

"I saw you've got some strap ons, maybe her and I can see how much cock you can handle."

She felt Morgan's muscles tense up the same way they did before climax at the river. She released her, closed the laptop and walked upstairs to the living room.

"you coming?"

"Apparently not!" She said, somewhat jokingly, somewhat genuinely annoyed at being deprived of release.

"Well hurry up!"

Morgan obliged, it was hard to say no to such a sexy, and capable lover. It had been over a year since she'd last fucked her sister, the thought was exhilaratingly forbidden. Morgan grabbed her box of fun and followed Anna up the stairs. Turned out, she could take three at a time.

*****

"Amen"

"So, Anna, how was Morgan?"

"Great, thanks for asking uncle Tony, I got to see her sister too!"

"Oh wonderful, Taylor's doing well also?"

"Yeah, we had a great time cumming together." Only Lewis seemed to get the joke.

"I bet, the boys just played video games the whole time you were away." Tony remarked as he cut his steak.

"That's not true!" Andrew seemed somewhat embarrassed by his dad's remark.

"Yes, my mistake, Andrew played guitar for fifteen minutes." He rolled his eyes before digging into his plate.

Anna looked down at her own. She was nervous, but had something she needed to say.

"So, as you know, tonight is my last night with you all."

"Sad to see you go sweetheart." Tony didn't look up.

"Thanks Uncle Tony, I just wanted to say how grateful I am for you all hosting me. I've had a truly wonderful time."

"Nonesense dear, it was our pleasure." Anna ignored Betty's double entendre.

"I wanted to show my appreciation, so,..." She was fidgeting under the table.

"Tonight I'd prefer if I could satiate your desires without being sedated."

The room went quiet. Eyes darted from one to another as they frantically processed everything. It was the first time they'd probably addressed this with anyone outside their home. Betty looked frozen, Tony had his head down.

"Well I ate plenty at Morgan's so, if it's alright with you all I propose," Anna dropped her skirt and crawled onto the table, presenting herself the same way she did the night before. "We proceed with dessert."

The tables were not cleared that night, there was an instant an incessant smashing of flesh the entire evening, Anna showed everyone, including Aunt Betty, how much better her mouth was when she was in control of it. She let Andrew torture her even harder, and Lewis learned how much more he liked it when she called herself his cum slut. Aunt Betty learned that she was just as much a fan of anal as her sons were, especially getting DPed while locking lips with her niece getting DPed. Now, her aunt and uncle's is the only place Anna vacations at. And they welcome her every time she cums.
