The thought - part 2 (setting up the hive)

Julie woke up holding her wonderful naked brother. The passion they had shared was beyond her imagination. "How long has this wild sex being available just a few feet away from me?" She glanced down at his face nudged against her firm breasts. He too woke and smiled at her; he raised his head an inch and sucked on her left nipple, teasing her. She felt waves of desire flow down her, her cunt juices flowed. She reached down to his man hood and massaged it gently until it stood 9 inches erect and almost throbbing in her hand. Straddling her body across his, she placed her lips gently on his purple member, using her tongue to smoothen down his foreskin. Meanwhile she felt his nose nuzzle deep into her cunt. He expertly used his lips, tongue and nose to bring her quickly to the edge. She bucked a bit with pleasure as he caressed her womanhood. "Fuck me brother" she shouted as his increased his tempo. Barely controlling herself, she continued to suck and mouth fuck his tool. Up and down deep into her mouth, she found that she could take his entire length, having his beast hit the back of her throat, and she didn't gag at all. Down into her throat she sucked him. 

She bucked again as his mouth tortured her clit. Flicking inside her with lips, tongue his nose. She finally lost control as another wave of lust hit her like an earthquake. She squirmed and started to gush to squirt directly into Junior's face. He lapped it up like a dog in a desert drinking to survive. She felt him shift a little under her, and now there was a new sensation. Junior was using her juices to lubricate her shit hole. He flicked with his tongue her squirted juices around her ring, and now with some force drilled the tip of his wet tongue past her first ring. She gasped at the new sensation. "Dirty, fucking, SEXY brother" she screamed. His firm arms pulled her onto his face and he pushed his mouth and his tongue into her deeper using her lubrication. She groaned and quickly repositioned herself kneeling on the tiled floor. "Fuck me up the ass, like the bitch I am". Junior took no second instruction and kneeling behind her pushed his erect penis between her ass cheeks. Waiting for no one, he pushed firmly at her entrance until her hole gave up and he thrust hard into her. She moaned in pain and pleasure as he ground himself into her. Her juices slurped obscenely inside her as his cock rode her tight ass hole. Junior reached around his sister's body and grabbed her tits harshly, playing cruelly with her nipples and biting at her neck. She responded pushing back at him until she felt his restraint going. He bucked and came load after load into her ass, juices dripping down her legs to the floor. He made an animal guttural sound as his let his last load of fuck juices into his gorgeous bitch, his wonderful sister. They slipped slowly to the floor, his member still deep inside her firm ass. 

They rested a while, and then Julie slipped her impaled body off her brother?s cock. She wanted more, she was only beginning to explore her brother and her sexuality, but she knew she had to do other things first. Junior stood up as if he had read her mind. He helped his sister up, and holding her closely gave her a passionate kiss, fondling her ass as she did his. They quickly showered and washed off the smell of sex from themselves and went each to their own bedrooms.

Junior, thought of the lust and love he had for his sister, and how he felt bad that their father had deserted their mother. She was a young girl about the same age as his sexy sister, when he left her. How lonely she must be he thought? She was still only 32 years old, a woman who if had not spent her life bringing them up, could still be out dancing and romancing.

Julie was likewise having second thoughts, but this time about her poor relationship with her teacher. Poor Arbuckle, the only people who pay attention to her in class are the geeks. I am sure she is lonely. Perhaps she should visit her after dinner. But wait dinner, Mama would be home soon, she had better get started. Julie stepped out into the corridor as her brother came out of his room. Only thing is she plain forgot to put on her clothes. Naked in front of him she felt wet with lust and had to restrain herself.

Junior looked at his sister her blonde hair streaming down her back, her breasts glowing in the dusk light. His cock twitched again, but he pushed onwards to the kitchen, calling back "Don?t worry. I'll make dinner"

Julie relieved and back in her room looked around at what to wear to Arbuckle's place. Since it was out of school hours, she felt less inhibited by any decorum. She put on her pink thongs, and tried on the matching bra. It felt tight which was strange given that it was only a few weeks old. She loosed the straps as best she could and squeezed her tits into it. Must be growing, perhaps I am a 36 C now, well glamour models make as much as fashion ones, and then there's all those rock stars to fuck. Sheet, I ain't going to leave Junior. She put on her white denim shorts, and a pink t-shirt that was too short on her and always left a good eyeful of her mid-rift on view. However, she felt good about it, and with simple sandals, she was ready. Already coming from the kitchen a terrific smell was emanating. Junior was not only a great fuck, but he could cook.

Junior reached up and taking the ginger and garlic down proceeded to turn the pork chops in the hot frying pan. He intended to quickly fry the meat with onions, then sprinkle the herbs and serve with fresh salad. As he stretched to reach the top shelf where the dried ginger was kept, he felt his sister's hand cup his balls and squeeze lightly. He turned around to find his horny sister giggling at him. His grabbed her ass, pulled her to him, and kissed him grinding her crotch against his. Just then, the lights of Mama's pick-up truck came into view. "Later, sister. I'm going to spank you".

"Mmmmm. I'll hold you to that big boy. But now we need to see to Mama" she whispered, as the truck door slammed shut and Mama walked in.

"What in heaven's name? That smells wonderful" she was pleased to see her two bright children smiling back.

"Mama, we are going to have a nice dinner. Then you are going to have a bath and relax. We'll take care of you, of everything" said Julie, glancing at Junior for support.

They proceeded to eat and listened attentively to Mama as she talked about her long day. They took out the bottle of wine they had since Christmas, seeing as it was a good day, they opened it. Mama was less used to wine than she used to be, and it affected her nicely, putting her in a very good mood. Junior and Julie were also in a good mood. They started to clean up the kitchen, and ran a bath for Mama. As Mama changed and went into the bathroom, Julie followed. This was not usual since being the only women of the house and since it was so small with only the one WC, they sometimes had to compromise their privacy. Anyway, Mama did not mind as she slipped into the warm water. Julie sat of the edge and handed her another glass of the Chardonnay. "Oh, Mama. I did well today in science. I got a question right 'bout Einstein and all that?" said Julie, "and now I am going to see Miss Arbuckle".

Her mother was delighted that her daughter was doing well. "Well if you are going out, then keep warm. And don't forget where's me kiss". With that, Julie bent forward over the tub and made to kiss her Mama on the cheeks, when she had the idea that since they were a close family now she should kiss on the lips. That?s what they do in Europe anyways. She leaned forward and catching her mother unaware kissed her gently on the lips. As her mother opened her mouth to protest, Julie grabbed her head and kissed her urgently fully on the open mouth. Their tongues briefly touched, as Mama felt something slither down her throat. When she opened her eyes again, Julie had gone.

Mama tried to think what had happened but it seemed normal, only why hadn't they kissed like this before. Too uptight before that was the cause. As she rested her weary body, she felt much better than she had is months, actually years. Good wine she thought.
* * *

Underneath the water, the Thought inspected the prospective breeder. It was not ideal as it had expected, the body was tired and the smoking and poor food had done minor damage. It knew it would start immediately on the physical aspects, increasing muscle tone and mass. It would take a lot of the Thought?s energy, but she could be converted shortly.

As Julie left, she took the truck keys from Mama's purse. Normally she was not allowed to do this, but she knew Mama would not mind. They were a close family after all. She wondered if Junior was going to take care of Mama. She giggled at that idea, lucky Mama, remember I trained him for you.

Junior finished up cleaning the kitchen. The smell of the ginger and other spices filled the air. He walked to the bathroom and opened it up. Mama looked up at him not minding his presence. "Just need to use the john" he said, pulling out his manhood and pointing it to the toilet. "Let's have a look at you," said his Mama. "It's being a longtime since I saw how you've grown" Turning around she saw his penis held in his hand, deflated and ready to urinate. He had an urge to push his penis closer so that she could inspect it. It hung barely 4 inches from her face. "Why not show me how well you can piss?" she uttered licking her lips. She opened her mouth and he took aim and fighting his excitement he started to spray his piss in her direction. His aim was off and caught her in her hair and then her chest and then into her mouth, where she drank as if it were the Chardonnay itself. As he neared, the end of his pissing his Mama bade him to come closer and she kissed the head of the penis, even when the urine was still flowing. Then she licked him clean and sucked at his cock until it was erect.

Leaning in, Junior lifted his mother out of the bath. Her body was wet with water and his piss, dripping down from her hair, down on her full breasts. Her body was no longer the scarecrow as his sister has called it, the skin was glowing and firm, her breasts a full 38 C with enlarged peanut sized nipples that begged sucking. As a good child, he returned to his original source of food and sucked at his Mama's nipples. She tasted of soap, and piss and something else. She had started to produce milk. As he drank hungrily, she orgasmed and orgasmed, and using her nails dig into his back like an animal in heat. He turned her round, and had her kneeling in front of him facing the bath. His cock now fully erect and proudly standing at 10 inches was pressed against her wet slippery cunt lips. It parted them and slide into her tight hole, inch by inch. She squealed, and he slapped her firm ass. Mama is a good-looking whore he told himself. Junior has a beast of a cock and fucking well knows how to use it, Mama thought. Ride me deep and proper my baby son.

Junior pushed in with his full weight and felt his rod go all the way to the hilt. The base of his cock was wet from juices in pubic hair. He slammed in and out her, grabbing her luscious tits, twisting and milking her teats. Her cupped her milk and fed it to her and him, as he came into his mother?s cunt with massive force. She bucked and orgasmed and he shot more seed deep into her. Then they collapsed in a heap on the floor, he still inside of her, she still licking her milk from his fingers, thinking why hadn?t they done this before? It helps keep a family so much closer.
* * *



The carriers are working well and now the first breeder has been set up with seed provided by her son. Modifications within the seed ensure that it will produce the correct offspring, not human but other entities like the Thought. The young female carrier is being modified to entrance and capture the second breeder. Once secured, the young male will carry out the impregnation of her as he did his mother. Five sun-ups had nearly passed, no time to waste.

Mama woke to find her son still inside her. She turned around with some difficulty as his dick still firm inside her limited her movements. She noticed now how her breasts had take on a full size more as she slept, 40 E laden with milks. Her body youthful as she once had been, now enhanced with voluptuous tits full of mother?s milk. She twisted and turned towards her son. She kissed him gently and pulled her self of his cock. Then she placed her sleeping son?s cock between her great mounds and tit fucked him until he began to stir. She flicked with her tongue the tip of his sensitive penis, as he rode his shaft with her firm breasts. He was waking up when she used her hands to push his throbbing shaft into her eager pussy. ?Have some mother?s milk child,? she said as she put a milk-dipping teat into his open mouth.

Junior awoke to a warm feeling of home as he felt his mothers hand guide his dick into her. He opened his eyes to juicy tits leaning into his mouth. He sucked slowly using the curl of his tongue to extract the white warm milk. He knew he would repay in kind with his own white warm liquid. She was riding his shaft, sex but love too. Slowly and all the way up and down to his base, she rode. What a family I have, he thought, a sexy Mama and sexy sister.

Mama slide up and down her son's cock, feeling every inch as his tip left her and she opened up and slide down again. She knew it was a matter of time when she would cum, still riding him slowly up and down. She felt him so big, so strong. She was proud of what her son was doing for his Mama. She felt him ? so good he felt inside of her. Her tits provided him his sustenance, he provided her with love and filled her lustful desires ?he provided her with. She came without having finished the thought, and he shot more of his seed deeper into her than she would have thought possible. She felt him explode once more but with more force than before.

Breeder 1 is already impregnated with entities by her son, but continues to absorb more as the male carrier has been modified to impregnate without tiring and deeper and more powerful than a normal male of this species.

Julie reached Arbuckle's house and parked the truck around the back. She did not know why she did this, but it seemed like a good idea. As she left the truck, she felt that the bra she was wearing was just too tight and so undid it. Her breasts now were a good 36 D sized, and supported themselves well. Well glamour model it is then. The thought of men and even women ogling her as a sex object did not upset her. She actually giggled at the thought. Funny she said to herself, I would not have been so happy about that a week ago, I wonder why. Now she noticed that her t-shirt has risen up quite a bit because of the increased size of her tits. As they wobbled, her flat stomach was clear to see. If she raised her hands, you could even see the underside of her breasts. Ah well, that's life for you she thought.

As she went to the kitchen door, she looked in and saw Miss Arbuckle was dancing around drinking a glass of wine, wearing only a shirt, her bra and knickers. Looking at her swaying to the music she thought hmmmm?.she has some nice moves. Wonder what she look like naked sitting on Junior's pole? She got hot just thinking about her brother's dick.

She knocked on the door and was answered by a startled looking Arbuckle. "What'sh you want?" she slurred. Arbuckle had indeed been lonely and had drunk a little too much vino. "I just thought you could use some company" Julie responded. "Oh, who's little miss good-shoes. Well not so little any more" she said staring directly at Julie top. Julie felt turned on by this and realized her nipples were hardening and jutting further out against the thin fabric.

"I was sorry Miss Arbuckle that I daydreamed in class today," said Julie. "Well your answer showed that perhaps you'sh have a brain as well as breasts. Where you always this BIG?" slurred Arbuckle "Call me Amy, H-Arbuckle is for the classroom. Let'sh dance!" She grabbed Julie's hands and pulled her to her, and they made a poor impression of a waltz to the music. It was strange music almost Middle Eastern, thought Julie not country anyway that's for sure!

As they danced, or staggered more like, Julie could feel the warmth of Amy's body. She felt the lace of the bra rub through her top and tease her nipples. She smelt the perfume of her teacher and saw how beautiful her lips and mouth were. They were so inviting. Around and around they swung, Amy stumbling more until she collapsed pulling Julie right on top of her. They held each other for a while and Amy looked longingly into her eyes a moment and passed out.

Julie sat up beside her fallen teacher, taking in her features. Her raven hair tossed, her make up smeared a little, her lips so inviting. The shirt Amy was wearing was held by just two buttons now, as the gyrating had undone or popped the others. Julie looked and saw her science teacher still flat and firm belly, and her black lace panties beneath. Julie did not know why, but she kissed her teacher gently on the cheek, and then her neck. She moved slowly down to the top of her chest and removing the remaining buttons open the shirt to reveal the woman?s full breasts. She kissed at her tits and pulled at her nipples. Not wanting to wake Amy, she had to leave the bra on, as she kissed her belly and stuck her tongue into her navel. Amy moaned in her sleep when Julie slide further down and deftly slipped her panties off. Kissing her thighs and using her hand, she moved the legs apart. There a few inches in front of the young girl was the snatch of her teacher wet and full of an intensive scent. It made Julie purr with desire. She positioned her mouth at the entrance of her sex and began to gently kiss and lick at the puffed up lips. Sticking her nose deep into the public hair she squirmed her tongue into Amy. Arbuckle twisted and woke up in pleasure and confusion, as a silver gooey fluid flowed from Julie's mouth into her cunt. She tried to scream in fear and then in pleasure as the insertion of the silver substance caused her to orgasm. Julie pushed her mouth in deeper and lashed at Amy cunt with her mouth, using her own lip and tongue she brought the older woman to the edge of climax and then pushing three fingers in her slit Amy exploded with curses and grunts wave after wave. Julie just lapped up the juices.

Amy rested a while and then pulled up this beautiful kids face to meet hers. She kissed her deeply tasting her own juices from the throat of the other. Sitting up lap in lap, she pulled off her own bra and massaged her tits in the young girl, pulling off her t-shirt at the same time. Julie stood up, dropped her shorts and panties, and leaned her pussy into Amy's face. The older woman took it and using years of skill licked and probed the young pussy with her mouth and fingers, until the young girl squirted juices into her mouth. Then they rested on the floor, Julie staring as the breasts and nipples of the older woman grew in front of her. She saw a few drops of white liquid from the woman's swollen teats, and instinctively sucked the milk from them. The very act of sucking brought the two of them to another crashing orgasm.

Amy watched in awe as this young girl made her climb peaks of pleasure she had never dreamt of before. She saw that her body was changing, her breasts filled with milk, her skin glowing, all her wrinkles from time were smoothing out. What a beautiful and caring student, she thought. I love her and my new body. I must be with her.

Julie and Amy without even talking to each other got up and showered together. Pressing their glorious figures against each other, they explored each other with soapy hands, kissing deeply and firmly. Finally, they dried each other Julie put on her shorts and t-shirt. She could not find her panties, but she did not need them. Amy, put on a fresh shirt, and tied in up in the front. She decided that she would use no buttons, and since her breasts had grown, she had no suitable bra either. Following Julie's lead, she looked around for a pair of shorts. However, as she had no clean one available, she hacked off the legs of an old pair of blue jeans. These perhaps were cut a mite too short, but she liked the way her ass cheeks jutted out the either side the sliver of material covering her crotch. Amy could see Julie liked it too when she was slapped playfully by the younger one on her ass.

They climbed up into the cab of Mama's truck and kissing one last time deeply, they drove off to Julie's house.

The second breeder is now on the way considered the Thought. The carriers have done well. The male carrier needs to impregnate the new breeder, and then the hive can made ready for production

The carriers have completed the first part of their mission. They have recruited two breeders, the first of whom is ready to give live to the first litter of new entities. They still had to impregnate the second of the breeders. The fifth sun-up was only eight hours away.

Julie and Amy arrived back at the house. They walked arm in arm down the corridor to Mama?s room. Once inside they found Junior suckling at his Mama has engorged breasts. Neither woman could take their eyes off the scene. Mama looked gorgeous and pregnant, her tits full and lactating, her belly swollen, her hair rich as it has never been. She looked so sexy that both of them knelt and in front of her. Junior on seeing his beautiful sister and Miss Arbuckle in her nothing jeans shorts and her gorgeous breasts barely hidden under her shirt, gave his place away to them. The girls moved in and each took a breast. Mama woke up with delight to see her radiant daughter with her beautiful teacher. She was glad to be able to offer something to her friend. The girls took the Mama?s milky nipples in their mouths and drank her warm juices.

Mama reached out to her new guests and found her daughter nipples with her hands. She weighted them as she teased them, happy at the new size. "You'll get lots of new friends with those," she said. Junior also decided to greet the new guest and from behind, her undid her shirt and cupped her ample breasts. "Gee, sis Miss Arbuckle is almost as big as Mama". Excited he explored her nipples; pulling on them gently until they produced milk on their own. "Call me Amy," said the older woman, who sat up and gave one of her nipples directly at Mama. Mama never to shy to refuse a kind offer took the strangers teat into her mouth and sucked a cup full for herself.

Julie aroused by the sight, released her mother's tit and kissed her way downward past the smooth full belly until she reached her mother's clit. Junior has done his stuff she thought as she saw the fluffed up cunt lips, and erect clit. She tongue and kissed her way around and into her Mama, to the groans and sighs of the recipient.

Junior in the meantime was still massaging Amy's free breast. With his other hand, he rubbed the thin material at her crotch. Amy squirmed with pleasure and her pussy wet through the line of denim. Junior taking that as an invitation used both of his powerful hands to rip the scant fabric and push a finger into her. She groaned. Mama managed to lean forward, grabbed her son?s erect cock, and guided it between the lips of Amy's womanhood. Junior slide in between the tight walls of her vagina until the base of his cock slapped against her ass. Taking his right hand, he smeared some Amy's juices onto his thumb and pressed it against her asshole. Slowly her cheeks parted and his index pushed its way into her. He then started to ride both of her holes, long and deep he rode. Through Amy's thin walls, his cock felt his thumb, and his thumb could feel his swollen member.

Amy could feel both, and although for some reason, she had only wanted girls before this, the sensation was both wonderful and natural. She pushed back at him to ensure she got the maximum length of his dick inside her. Meanwhile Mama was sucking her both of her breasts, extracting as much milk as she could. This brought one orgasm after another to the science teacher, but still she fucked Junior as much as he fucked her.

Julie, aware of her brothers screwing, was devouring her Mama's pussy with zeal. The very act was causing her to build up to a massive passionate cumming herself. She loved her Mama, she loved her brother and now they as a family were fucking her new friend Amy.

Junior fucked hard and long until he felt something ready to explode. Greater than before, he felt the blood rush into his brain, her heard it in his ears, his heart was beating like a train, his thoughts were of lust and love and ?..he came with audible gushes. His rod froze inside of her pumping sperm load after sperm load. She came too and held his cock massaging every last drop she could deep into her.

Julie on hearing her brother's flood came herself and squirted noisily and with force. She felt her Mama shift under her as she too came and squirted, drenching her daughter with her juices.

All together and still inside each other, they collapsed. The last one to lose conscious was Mama, proud at the new pride.
* * *

At the start of the sixth sun-up, the first litter was born to Mama. She nursed her "silver angels" with her milk. Amy is due for her first later on today, her body already the same size as Mama. Julie and Junior have fed the breeders and when not taking care of them, they have enjoyed the wonders of their bodies. Junior has grown taller and more muscular to match his cock of nearly 11 inches. Julie has put on more curves around her ass to mirror her 38 DD breasts. She now wants to work in glamour and perhaps porn, so long as she can have her brother, mother and Amy whenever she wants.

The Thought has completed the task and now waits transport to elsewhere. Millennium waits before a new hive can be set up.

