Rita - Gulf Shores
by KnightlySeducer

Rita - Gulf Shores Ch. 04

Rita steps to the edge.

I lay on the lounger, letting the sound of the lapping waves flow over me. This weekend had been another level of exhibitionism for me. So many times, in so many 'innocent' circumstances, some gent had seen my breast or breasts, often enough that included at least a part of my areola or nipples. I can't recall the number of up skirt 'accidents' that have happened since we began our play in earnest, progressing over time to upskirts with tinier panties, and then none at all!

I was overwhelmed, honestly, with the emotions I felt during the time I was trapped in the KDE hospitality convention cycle. Trapped might be too strong, but it wasn't voluntary, and my exposure always expected. Not my choice of when or where or how, or for whom. Granted, it was exciting, and I gained a new appreciation for the fact that men did find me sexy, lovely, or hot. But since then, as Tony and I had explored my exhibitionism on our terms, I'd gone from just dressing in a more revealing fashion -- away from home and work -- to where I was now.

I can't say if anyone had ever taken a picture of me before yesterday and yet, ohmigod, this morning, I'd posed completely naked for a guy I knew was taking pictures and was sharing them! It excited me in a profound new way!

Roberto, the pictures, his note. All of it crept into my mind as I tried to listen for the knots of people I'd seen coming up the beach. The first group was for sure four guys. The others, well.... The note, what had he said? Oh, I wanted to check my phone to read it again, how my "intimate area" was something he'd never actually seen before. Did he mean, could it be I was the first real, live woman whose pussy he'd seen? Or did he mean just in "such a state of...," how did he say that? Had he just never noticed with other women, certainly such a handsome young man couldn't still be a virgin? I'd stared wantonly, curious, at the bulge in his pants. That was new, mostly I just noticed that guys were getting hard, could see some tenting if it was a more than momentary exposure I gave them. And Thom, I'd seen the tenting, I'd reached over and place my hand on his erect cock! Yes, he had his shorts on, but that was new. Should I feel guilty? I didn't.

All this running through my mind, my heart rate was elevated as I heard the voices come closer.

"Phones," Thom whispered next to me. He might as well have handed me a personal massager.

I inhaled deeply and arched my back, then settled back in the lounger, letting my left leg fall off the side. I could only imagine their view, I knew what I hoped it was. I hoped Thom, laying within arm's reach, was also seeing me. And Tony, wherever he was. Oh god, I wanted Tony here, sharing this madness with me!

What felt like an hour passed before I heard Thom say, "Rita, looks like that's all the looky-loo's for now."

Then he added quickly, as I reached for my hat. "No, please stay just as you are, I want to walk down to the water and back, to see what all these lucky devils have been seeing." My heart leapt into my throat! He wasn't anonymous, we'd talked and been in class together, he was a professional colleague. I was so turned on! I dropped my hand back to my side, enchanted that he wanted me in this way.

He must have relished the view, as time seemed to drag on before I heard his voice again. In the interim, either by design or not, I certainly grew hotter, my breasts aching with amused gratification.

"Hey, that kid's coming with your drink, you want to cover up?" Thom said from the foot of the lounger. I wondered how long he'd been there. I felt a warm pulse in my core, overjoyed that he'd been so close, looking. I wondered too how the material of this suit showed wetness.

"He's over twenty-one, what do you think?" I replied from under my hat, a smile he couldn't see wide across my face. I heard Thom return to the lounge chair next to me.

Thom told me later Bradley had approached from along the beach, my drink on a small tray covered with a napkin, and had stopped and made a questioning motion. Thom had nodded 'yes" and waved him to come on up with the drink. He said he was surprised Bradley hadn't stumbled, his eyes being on me and not where he was walking through the sand until he reached the end of our loungers. At that point Bradley uncovered the drink and offered the glass to Thom, but Thom realizing that my desire was to be seen by as many men as possible, shook his head and pointed at the little table. Bradley had then sidestepped between the chairs, his head down and apparently memorizing my chest and likely well noticing the pubic hair sprouting along the suit bottom, until he bumped the table with his leg. He let out a little "oops."

"You trying to steal my drink, handsome?" I said as I reached my arm around the leg at my side essentially trapping the young man.

"No, ma'am," Bradley practically squeaked.

I pulled my hat off and acted surprised, but kept my arm around his tanned, well-muscled leg. "Oh, hi Bradley. I thought Thom was trying to get my drink again," making no attempt to cover myself with my hat.

I turned my gaze to the tented shorts eighteen inches away and smiled, "Is that for me?"

"Yes, ma'am," he replied, then taking his eyes off my chest to notice where I was looking, stammered, "Ah, no ma'am. The drink..., you ordered a..., he said you wanted me to bring... oh god," he was rattled.

"Bradley," I said, looking up into his eyes and sliding my hand up to mid-thigh inside the leg of his shorts, "are you still calling me ma'am?"

"Ah, sorry," and before I could react, he grabbed the glass off his tray and squatted to set it on the lounge-side table, trying to do something to change the situation. It changed; my hand went up his shorts leg where I discovered in that instant that he wasn't wearing any briefs. He froze, his eyes wide. To his credit, he didn't drop the tray on me or my drink.

"That was my fault, Bradley, I'm sorry," I said, our eyes fixed on each other, the back of my hand inside his shorts and resting against a very rigid, warm phallus.

His mouth opened but nothing came out. I withdrew my hand, dragging my fingers along the length of his thigh and smiled at him. "Your girlfriend is a very lucky young lady."

He nearly sprang up and spun toward Thom. "I'm really sorry, sir. It's just that she, Rita, ah, your wife, is really fucking hot. I mean, ah, sexy, ah..." he blurted out. "I didn't mean stare, or...ah,..," he placed the tray over his midsection.

"Bradley," I said trying with great difficulty to stifle my laugh seeing Thom's shocked expression. "That's not my husband. Thom's just a friend I met at the conference." Okay, friend was a stretch.

"But I gotta agree with you, dude," Thom finally replied, "she is very sexy. I'm having a hard time not staring at her myself."

Bradley looked at each of us a couple of times, thoroughly confused. Although, his eyes weren't focused on my face alone. He recovered himself and smiled, "Will there be anything else, Rita?"

Oh, what the fuck. "What's your cell number?"

He looked at me without comprehension.

"Bradley," I said softly, "can I have your cell number, please?" He gave it to me.

I messaged Tony. 'Please send this wonderful young man a photo of me for "inspiration!"'

Bradley still looked confused, but asked again if there would be anything else.

Our phones buzzed at the same time. Mine said 'done,' his with the picture took longer to process.

"You'll probably want to answer that," I smiled at him.

His eyes went wide. He glanced at me, then his phone, then back at me (I think comparing the breasts to the picture's), and again at the phone. "Jeezus," he said and sat down on Thom's lounge-chair.

Thom began to get up and try to see the phone, but I put my hand on his shoulder and pushed him back, then rolled toward the two of them and moved my hand to cover the phone from Thom's view. "Uh-uh, that's a gift for Bradley, not you, Wisconsin."

Thom pouted, "Yeah, well I'm the one paying for the drinks."

"Patience and a good attitude," I winked at him as I came to a sitting position with my legs on either side of Bradley's. I was fairly certain that my already scrunched bikini bottom was revealing quite a bit of me, but didn't care.

I looked at the phone that Bradley cradled protectively on his lap, and smiled with some self-satisfaction at the photo Tony had chosen to send to him. Mygod, was I really comfortable with being displayed like that? I mean, talk about full frontal! Hell, I was hot and proud of it!

I tapped my knees against his, drawing him to look up. "Just one rule, okay? That never goes online and you never tell anyone my name."

Bradley smiled, "Yes ma'am, that's a deal. Thank you, Rita."

I kissed him on the cheek and nodded, "Get back to work."

Bradley stood, his still hard manhood at the most distracting height just in front of me. I honestly considered planting a kiss on his shorts, but instead leaned back, pushing my chest out and opening my legs wide to reveal my barely covered bottom. His eyes touched every part of me wantonly, with unadulterated desire. His smile was soft, his eyes between pleading and crying. He looked at the picture on his phone, stroked me again with his eyes and sighed. "I'll know at least that you weren't a dream," he said raising the phone. "Have a safe trip home, ma'am?"

"Thank you, Bradley," I said, moving my leg so he could step past. I watched him walk down the shoreline, swinging the tray in one hand and the phone in the other.

"He'll be hard for a week," Thom said.

"And you?" I nodded at his tented shorts as I closed my knees and brought my legs back on the lounger, sitting. My last move, for Bradley, had caused the bottom to roll between my labia majora and bury the tiny strip of fabric just hiding my wet angel wings, but providing a provocative invitation for Thom's eyes.

Thom laughed, "I'm not as young as he is. I don't think I could stay hard that long."

With a devious grin I answered, "Maybe you just need motivation?" I reached back and grabbed the glass, taking a long, sensuous draw on the fresh glass of superb Irish whiskey, my upper body turned to Thom. I could feel his eyes squeezing my taut nipples, hardly as innocent and guileless as Bradley's had.

I set the glass down, reached under my chair and pulled out my sunscreen from my bag. "Would you mind?" I asked, extending the tube to him. He sat up quickly, taking the tube, then chuckled as I turned and lay on my stomach.

"You're a real..." he began

"Choose your next words carefully," I warned as I stretched out.

"Honest," he said, "I was going to say 'motivator', you're a real motivator. A sexy, gorgeous motivator."

"Mmm,," I said, turning my head and tossing my hair to one side as I relaxed into the now flat lounger.

"please be very thorough, I don't want to get burned... anywhere. And tell me about the folks who passed by earlier..." I shuddered and closed my eyes. This was new ground; Tony is the only man who has ever lotioned my body. A little voice asked me how I meant that.......

Thom started, perhaps still tenuous as to where this was heading, with my neck and shoulders as he narrated what had transpired as I lay topless for the roving beach pedestrians. There were pictures from all of the first group and I found that I was thrilled with the idea, with one of the men taking a few steps across the sand toward me to get what Thom described as a close-up of "where my legs met." The alcohol and the lapping of the waves, along with the fine doctor's soothing, expert touch relaxed me as I "saw" everything he described.

The guy who had stopped and simply stood for several minutes, the wife with the look of having swallowed a whole lemon, dragging her grinning, rubber-necking husband past this row of hussies displaying ourselves like this. The two men in business suits, pants rolled up and carrying expensive dress shoes, socks tucked inside, as they appeared to rate each of us who were topless, trading comments, pointing, nodding or shaking their heads. I wondered where I fell on their scale? All the while, he spread the sunscreen thoroughly, having completed my back to the line demarcated by the side ties of my bikini bottom. I felt him rest his hands as if trying to decide how to proceed, or just enjoying the touch on the small of my back.

My heart was not resting, though this was quite relaxing. He had lingered and slid his hands as he got to my side-boobs. I'm small, and know there is not much there when I lie down, but he'd taken his time and moved his hands as much as he dared along each side, nudging his finger-tips between the towel and the flesh of my breasts. I'd tried to remain neutral, neither encouraging or rejecting, still toying with how much I was going to allow, - how much I wanted.

My ears pricked up when Thom said, "And the last guy, in the black Speedo, really thought you were hot as hell." His hands came off of me just then, but in a few seconds I felt the sunscreen drizzle across my glutes and Thom began to work it in.

His circular motion, I recognized, was meant to lull me as he spread my cheeks, - I did not tense. The last guy had walked past, then come back and stood, moving this way and that a few feet to truly study me. Thom said it was obvious that he had a hard-on, one the suit could hardly contain.

Thom put a dollop of lotion on my right calf and I realized he'd moved himself down to the end of my lounger, apparently kneeling between my legs. I almost laughed at myself for not realizing that I'd opened my legs, my feet on each side of the lounger giving Thom a place to rest himself. His motion was nearly massage-like as he worked the protective layer into my skin. He said he'd lost sight of the guy for a moment and had just about decided to sit up when he saw the man approach the side of my lounger, no more than two feet away. He had squatted and taken a shot "of the most nubile breasts" on the beach, catching a magnificent profile of my nipples "erect and proud, looking so wonderfully suckable."

Thom was working on my left calf now as he stated, "from the way he looked to be framing the shot, it's probably just your gorgeous breasts, with those amazing, perfect nipples of yours saluting the heavens, and the ocean in the background."

The lotion dribbled all the way up the back of my leg from knee to my bum, Thom adding "I'd pay a tidy sum to have that photograph hanging on the wall of my bedroom, but would probably have it right out front in the living room for everyone to see." I thought I'd scream when another drizzle went up the back of my other leg. Then Thom crawled up a bit, his knees touching mine and urging them apart as a hand touched each leg at my knees and started to work upward in dizzying unison.

My phone vibrated in the sand beneath the lounger. Tony.

I had to concentrate to pick it up and read the message as Thom's hands worked on both my legs, running the length up the inside of each leg to just a shade, -oh so achingly close-, to my feminine folds and then upward and out, spreading me, and then back to my knees. I peered between the vinyl slats of the lounger.

"u ok"

"yes" I thumb typed one handed. "can u see"

"YES!!!!!"

"u ok"

"u r so HOT!!! Yes! I luv u!"

"lub u" I managed before dropping the phone back to the sand.

I brought my hand out and reached back, finding Thom's crotch. I cupped his scrotum and then gripped his erect shaft through the shorts. "Make sure you don't miss anything, alright? I don't want anything sunburned." I gave him a little squeeze and removed my hand, dropping it over the side of the chair.

His hands started back up the inside of my thighs. He didn't miss anything.

"I'm pretty sure you've got the sunscreen well worked in, don't you think?" I said with a pleased smile, turning as much as I could to Thom. I could just get my elbows under me and my head turned to the side as he was fairly well kneeling over me with his knees at my mid-thighs.

"Just trying to be thorough," he smirked with a sheepish grin.

"Mmm, you were, thanks." I nodded at him and then at his chair.

"Oh," he said. He scooted down a bit and then climbed from between my legs, standing and stretching.

"I guess I am a pretty good motivator," I said, running my hand over the front of his shorts as I sat up. He jumped, and I laughed.

"I just, ah..."

"No problem," I smiled demurely and lowered my eyes. Peeking up at him, and pouting just a bit, I said, "I was hoping to get lotion over the rest of me too," holding the sunscreen out to him.

Thom glanced around. "Here?"

"Well, why not? I could just take this off..." I reached for the side ties on my bikini bottom.

"No!" he said louder than he meant to. "No," he said less panicked. "It's just, well, everyone could see what we were doing... I mean..., if you were..., if I was doing the front of you."

"Okay," I said, squirting a glob of sunscreen into my hand and beginning to do my arms. "But if you think no one knew what you were doing, what you were touching on me...., why do you think the couple next to us walked off like they did?"

He had a deer-in-the-headlights look as he whipped his head around to see the lounge chairs nearest us now empty. "I...uh..."

I giggled, "There's putting on sunscreen for a woman, and there's spending ten minutes running your hands over her pussy lips. I could spend the next week out here naked with that much sunscreen," I said shaking my head. I plopped another daub of lotion into my hand, rubbed some onto my other hand, and began to do my collars and breasts nonchalantly.

The tease was terrible, but I was also trying to lower my own arousal level. Thom knew how to touch a woman.

"Have you..., do you put sunscreen on that girl you're dating the way you just did me?" I asked batting my eyes trying to be coquettish. "She'd be crazy not to marry you," I said honestly.

Thom blushed. "I read a lot, watch videos. Tracey, that's her name, doesn't..., she's pretty conservative."

"And you?"

"Well, I didn't freak out when you said you liked to be naked in public, did I?"

"Grab your towel, Wisconsin, and we'll head down the beach a bit, strip naked and sunscreen each other, then lay out and let people see our privates. You game?"

He had a grin on his face, but worry in his eyes. He sighed, "I really, really want to see all of you, Rita. To touch you...., but..." he shrugged.

"Hey, if no one's told you, you're in love with that girl," I smiled, standing and wrapping my arms around him. "Get yourself back home and propose to her," I said looking into his eyes, "Then show her all you learned from those videos and books," I winked.

"And one practical sunscreening application?"

I hugged Thom again. "Yeah, but take it slow, and remember that it's all about loving and caring. The sex will take care of itself if the love is there."

He nodded and picked up his shirt. "Safe trip home," he said, taking my hand and giving me a little squeeze.

"You too, Thom," I smiled.

He began to turn and I called, "Thom."

As he looked back, I brought the hand I still held to my breast. "Freebie," I laughed.

He dropped the shirt and brought his other hand up and took my uncovered breast in it, caressing them both for a long moment, kneading them gently and catching my nipples between his fingers as he stared into my eyes.

I shuddered, "Damn, what videos were those?"

He laughed with joy, turned, picked up his shirt, and walk back toward the hotel.

My phone was vibrating again as I slumped into the seat.

"u heading back now?" Tony asked.

"nope, I'm gonna do this" I typed and added a shocked emoji.

I got back the goggley-eyed, tongue-hanging-out one from Tony.

It took me a couple minutes to apply sunscreen to my tummy and legs. I figured I'd just have to take the tube with me to finish the one area still unprotected. I tossed back the rest of my whiskey, grabbed my bag with the clean towel, stuffed my top into it and headed down the beach away from the hotel, - heart skipping.
