Whitewater Disaster
bybobsmith9021090210©

Whitewater Disaster Pt. 01

Jessica was reveling in her success with the LRG Enterprises sales team. The corporate supply chain had shattered its quarterly sales expectations. This was largely the result of Laura, along with John, Dan, Mike, Austin, and Steve. Together, they'd not only outsold the other teams, but broken all prior sales records. A celebration was certainly called for.

After being given some options for corporate perks, the team ultimately selected a party at a local mountain lodge for the entire sales staff. As the most successful team, Jessica's crew would also be given a free excursion. Not being too outdoorsy as a group, but wanting to have some fun, they ultimately decided on a whitewater rafting trip through the lower river. This would avoid going too deep in to the woods or too far from civilization.

Jessica largely got along with the team, although she didn't care much for Austin. She was 26, with gorgeous brown hair, pert C cup breast, and an overall average build. She was in good shape, although she did have just a little bit of pudge that she found embarrassing. Nevertheless, she always had the sense that she was being ogled by Austin. While she typically wouldn't mind the attention, Austin was forty years old, overweight, and his look was more lecherous than subtle. The other men were all in their 20s and 30s. She had taken on the role of manager despite her youth over the prior year due to her excellent sales numbers. The others largely took this in stride.

Jessica was the only one on her team who was married. Her husband Ken was invited to join the team as well on the excursion. Jessica had some doubts about taking the trip with the all male team, but with her husband coming, she was much more comfortable. The trip was scheduled for a month later.

As the trip approached, the details started to sound like a lot fun. The team would be put up for two nights at the lodge. The entire sales force (about 50 people in total) would be invited. The middle day would see the team leave in the morning for the river. As the river wasn't particularly remote, there was cell surface along essentially the entire route. The trip would be live streamed to a public website owned by the company. This would be available back at the main lodge and broadcast on a large screen for anyone interested in watching. After the trip was over, there would be a dinner and drinks for the entire sales force.

A week before the travel date, Ken had a minor bicycle accident. He wasn't terribly injured, but he sprained his wrist. With this injury in mind, it was decided at the last minute that he probably shouldn't engage in rafting. Jessica was disappointed and initially thought about cancelling. She was the manager however, and she didn't want to miss the event her team had earned. Ken was encouraging, and he still planned to come to the lodge. She'd only be without him on the river. Ultimately, she decided to go.

The lodge was beautiful. Jessica and Ken came in the afternoon before. After mingling with the guests the night before, the two returned to their room fairly early.

"Thanks for earning us a nice vacation," said Ken.

"I admit that I don't really want to go tomorrow without you," said Jessica. "Austin is always leering at me. I don't normally have to sit next to him for four hours."

"I'm truthfully not thrilled about it," said Ken. "Just wear something that isn't too revealing. I trust you though."

Jessica smiled. She'd worn a classy knee length skirt which she dropped in front of her husband revealing a transparent thong. "I hope parts of you work better than that wrist."

Ken smiled, slowing unbuttoning his pants. His cock sprung free, erect and ready.

Jessica smiled mischievously, pulling down the thong and revealing her recently shaved pussy. "Better be really careful," she said, "wouldn't want Austin to get a glimpse of this."

The two finished stripping. She impaled herself on Ken's cock and started to moan.

"Mmmm," Ken murmured, "I'll keep that to myself."

The two made love passionately, both orgasming together. Thereafter, they both fell asleep naked on the bed.

----------------

The next morning was very warm. It was mid August, and despite the mild elevation, it was supposed to approach 100 degrees on the river. Jessica selected a pair of relatively loose fitting shorts to wear over a particularly modest bikini. While a little worn, the top strapped on well unlike the string bikinis she would wear with her husband's typical push. She pulled the shorts up a little, allowing them to cover the small amount of pudge on her lower abdomen. She thought about adding a water shirt, but it was just so hot, she couldn't bear the idea of wearing it outside for the next four hours or so.

"I'll watch the livestream," said Ken. "It'll be just like I'm there with you."

Jessica kissed her husband and walked out the door toward the river. One of the perks with this lodge was its location right on the river. The rafting tour took off from a dock on the property, and a bus was sent to pick up the rafters at the end of the journey. The trip was supposed to be beautiful, alternating between travel through a couple of bends with heavy whitewater and going through towns. Other tourists were known to walk out on to some of the bridges to watch the rafters go by.

The team all arrived at the dock. They were all wearing bathing suits and water shoes. Jessica appeared to be the most dressed. Austin's gut hung unattractively over his shorts.

The group were all fitted for helmets and life jackets. One of the helmets had a compartment where a special camera was placed for the live stream. Dan accepted this one.

The group all loaded on to the raft. The guide was a blonde haired guy named Zach who lived up to every stereotype of what a rafting guide should be like. He also wore just a bathing suit and water shoes.

After a brief safety presentation, the group boarded the raft. Jessica sat in the middle on the right. Dan sat directly behind her. Austin sat on the front left, with Steve and Mike behind him. John too the front on the right.

The trip was actually quite fun in the beginning. While Austin would occasionally sneak a peak back at Jessica, her outfit wasn't particularly revealing. The group instead largely just engaged in conversation about their superior sales skills between rapids.

Back at the lodge, Ken finished a shower and pulled up the livestream on his phone. The image was largely focused on his wife's back, but you could see whatever Dan saw. The pictures looked fun. He saw his wife rowing in a panicked fashion during a rough Class III rapid, and he laughed. He watched as the group went under a couple of bridge in one town and saw onlookers waving and taking pictures. He laughed to himself. "This is great, all of the experience without having to be on the raft." There was no sound, but the picture was high definition.

As the group approached one particularly rough Class IV rapid, Zach called out some specific rowing instructions to the group. As they neared the end, Jessica went to row as instructed and her paddle hit a rock. She felt her balance disappear. She tried to catch herself, but she felt her foot pull out its hold and she went down in to the river.

Terrified, she swung her hand up toward the raft and missed. She felt herself getting pulled down into a swirl of water. She felt Dan's hand grab her hand, and he began to pull. She hung on for dear life, ultimately getting her other hand to his as well. With a burst of strength, he pulled her to the edge of the raft, where she was able to grab a rope.

From his room, Ken noticed something off about his wife's appearance on his phone. She looked strange under the water. The picture was small, so he couldn't quite figure it out immediately, although he was certainly glad that she was being rescued. Dan grabbed her lifejacket and pulled. It was only then that he saw her completely naked ass appear above the water.

Ken suddenly realized in shock that the water must have stripped off both of his wife's lower pieces of clothing. Dan reached back and put his hand on her ass to pull her back in to the raft. She almost flipped back in to the middle of the boat, face down across Mike's lap. Recoiling in horror, Ken realize the view that Dan was getting was almost pornographic. The video was panned between his wife's flailing legs, giving a very clear shot of her pussy.

Jessica didn't realize anything was amiss at first. She was just happy to be on the boat. She turned over, giving everyone on the raft a clear view of her naked lower half. There was just a small amount of stubble over pussy lips. Ken could see Austin leering at this point.

The young manager grabbed her paddle, which had fortunately fallen in to the raft, and crawled back toward her seat. Another rapid was rapidly approaching. Ken felt a pit in his stomach. She hadn't noticed, and it looked like no one was going to tell her right away.

The group began to row aggressively. Ken could see his wife's ass crack as she sat on the raft, but periodically, a particularly aggressive bump would see her elevate just slightly off of her seat, brining her entire backside in to the view of the camera. This went on for roughly a minute.

At the end of the rapid, the group approached another bridge. There were a number of onlookers taking pictures.

Jessica sighed. "Thanks for the save Dan," she said. "Just let me..." It was at this point that she looked down and saw that she was bottomless. She looked up and saw Austin's eyes starting directly in to her naked pussy.

Ken of course couldn't see that. He just saw his wife suddenly drop one hand across her front from the rear view. He saw her ass still partially exposed sitting on the raft. He saw a bridge full of people taking pictures. His heart sank, and he began to panic himself.

It was only at that moment that he remembered that the video he was watching wasn't private.
 