Emma's Naked Holidays
by Saragosa

Emma's fulfilling her summer fantasy.

"This morning I realized I had run out of clothes, and there was no washing machine in my apartment." I came as early as possible, hoping I could wash them unnoticed."

It wasn't true, but that's what Emma would have said, if someone had caught her. She had arrived at the hotel the day before, so she couldn't use all her clothes yet. She put them clean in the washing machine, just to make it appear believable. She had been planning this stunt for some time, and refused to wait any longer. 

"Heck, if it turns out to be fun, I can do it again the next morning. Small chance to find anyone washing their clothes two days in a row," she smiled to herself.

She imagined, she would be visible but not intrusive. She wanted to surprise and amaze some lucky early birds, and let them see her without taunting them. She hoped, she could get away with it being a girl. 

Emma put on her headphones, found a seat further back, and pulled her smartphone out of her backpack. That way, she couldn't be seen from the entrance and wouldn't hear anyone entering the laundry room. 

She did this so as not to frighten anyone, and to make it plausible that she would not notice if someone came in and spotted her. Being completely naked except for her shoes, knee socks, and headphones had something more to it.

She started reading some erotica. At the moment, she couldn't concentrate on anything else. In fact, the waiting was becoming unbearable anyway. The story was titled "On the Beach,", and it gave her something to think about, "Clothes aren't going anywhere, and to be waiting here naked, sitting on a bath towel instead of being covered with one, seems silly. Also, returning later could be a lot more fun."

With that in mind, Emma threw everything into her backpack, grabbed her smartphone, and headed towards the beach. "Maybe it's not the headphones that turned me on," she smiled to herself as she left the laundry room.

The hotel had a beach nearby, but she wouldn't go there - it was too crowded. Instead, she walked along it through some fairly dense coniferous forest. Aren't they all dense, once you've found one? She just hoped she could avoid any scratches. 

"I will probably have to walk this path twice, with nothing to cover myself above the knees," she thought to herself, excited rather than frightened.

Before entering the forest, she applied mosquito repellant. "You have to be a responsible adult," she smiled again.

***

Emma stopped at the tree line, and looked down at the beach and ocean in front of her. "Perfect," she thought to herself. Secluded from the hotel beach by a massive cliff, with no access except through the forest she came from. At this early hour, the beach was quiet and deserted. 

She put down her backpack, took off what little she was wearing, and ran into the water, spraying it all around her. 

She swam there for a while and then dove down to explore the ocean floor. The waves here weren't big enough to attract surfers, but they were visibly higher than on the surrounding beaches. Emma came up with a kinky idea, and as she exhaustedly emerged from the water, she gently laid down on the shore, putting her tummy on the sand. She spread her legs slightly, letting the waves hit her pussy. Each stroked her briefly but forcefully, making the coarse sand scratch her skin and caress her nipples. She let out a soft moan.

***

Emma woke up to someone calling her, and gently moving her arm. She must have fallen asleep eventually. Anticipating today, she hadn't slept much last night.

"Is everything all right?" he asked softly.

His voice was calm, his body - muscular, and he looked into her eyes. It was kind of charming, considering that, as she recalled, she was stark naked. Either she had been found by a genuinely sweet guy, or he was checking to see whether she had gotten sunstroke. Which would also be nice and sensible of him.

"Yeah, I think I'm fine," she said, still a little sleepy. Emma looked at the shadows and the sky, trying to find the sun. 

"What year is it?" she asked, holding back a laugh. After all, it's not every day you come across a guy like this.

He laughed first, and she joined him. He looked at her back, bottom, and legs now. 

"I think you are one smart girl to fall asleep in the shade. The water has completely washed off your sun lotion. But it doesn't look like you've burned your back," he said.

"More like one lucky girl. I've completely forgotten about it," she didn't want to begin with a lie. "Aren't you interested in why I'm naked?"

"It's a nudist beach, so I figured."

"Dang, there goes the thrill."

"Oh, so you didn't know? What happened to your clothes then?"

"Well, I took them off. I just didn't know I was allowed to." Emma looked at his shorts and asked, "How about you? Why do you have clothes on, on a nudist beach?"

"I was surfing, when i saw you lying there," he said, nodding at the long surfboard, put on the sand next to him. "Further away, the beach is no longer nudist. And I didn't mean to freak you out," he added.

"Oh, you think I'm going to freak out? Let me see."

"I forgot the sun lotion myself. I don't want the sun to burn my buttocks," he replied, laughing.

"Excuses. I can share with you."

He thought about it for a brief moment.

"Okay then," he said, smiling.

Emma took his hand and led him to where she had left her shoes, socks, and backpack. 

"I didn't ask for your name," he said.

"You didn't. I'm Emma," she replied. "And what's your name?"

"I'm Will. Pleased to meet you."

Her things were, where she had left them, at the tree line, close to the trail. She quickly tucked them into her backpack, while Will admired the treetops.

"You can watch, you know. I don't mind."

He looked into her eyes, clearly excited. They moved closer to each other. He leaned towards her, closed his eyes, and they kissed gently. 

She kissed his neck and ran her hands through his hair, fighting the temptation to remove his shorts. 

At least for a moment. She recalled that he had given her permission. She slipped her thumbs under his shorts and pulled them down. When she passed his bottom, they dropped on the sand, and his swollen dick popped out, touching Emma's tummy. 

She knelt down and assessed it, stroking it gently. When she decided it would fit in her mouth, she kissed its head, licked it along the shaft, and took it in. It was somewhat salty from the ocean water, but still very warm and soft.

***

They were lying next to each other, holding hands, when Emma heard the tower clock strike noon. She straightened up, listening in.

"Yes, we should get going. It's not healthy to sunbathe at noon," said Will.

"No, I mean yes, but that's not it. I left my clothes in the laundry. It's been four hours. I need to take them out."

"Do you need a lift?"

"Do you have a car?"

"No, actually no," he stroked his chin, confused. "Do you want me to walk you?"

Emma bit her lip. She hadn't told him about her stunt yet.

"Would you mind if I stayed naked?"

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, there's no one there but us." And after some consideration with a diabolical smile, she added, "I dare you to stay naked too." 

"All the way? What if someone sees us?"

"You can cover yourself up with a surfboard. You're going to bring it along anyway, right?"

He considered it for a moment and smiled, "Heck, I trust you. Lead the way!"
