Girl Scout Porn
GS USA - Where girls grow horny




Girl Scout Cookie Sales
The line outside the mall entrance was half a block long, and full of guys from teenage to grandpas. They were all lined up at the little table set up outside the south doors, where the Girl Scouts had their cookie stand.

Penny waved when she saw me walking up. She was wearing the new uniform with only the bottom button on the vest done up. Even on her small B-cup chest the effect was very naughty, pushing her little boobs up and leaving her tits uncovered under the white, see-thru blouse. Her titty ring was sparkling at the end of her hard, pointy little nipple. She leaned forward slightly, and her other nipple popped into view. “Penny! You got another piercing!” There, sticking through her left nipple, was an official Girl Scout titty stud with Shamrock. Dangling between her two hard tits was a fine gold chain.

“Hi, Karen” she called out, “Sure glad you could make it. We need all the help we can get!” I could see from the smiling dads moving boxes by the cartload that they already had quite a bit of help. Penny meant they needed more girls.

There were two other girls at the table with her already. One was Cindy, a Brownie about 12 years old, wearing her vest with all three buttons done-up. This was possible only for girls who were still flat chested, but even so there was something very sexy about her little-girl, pixie looks.

The other girl was out of uniform. She was topless, except for her merit-badge sash, and had the biggest boobs I’d ever seen on a teenager. It took a minute to get a good look, because the customer at the front of the line was sucking on her right nipple as I walked up. She was cuddling his head and kissing the bald spot on top. She was smiling and had a kind of dreamy look on her face that a lot of girls get when their pussy is wet.

“Isn’t it Great?”, Tami bubbled. “We were all sitting around, selling nothing, not daring to wear the new uniforms. Heck, we were too scared to even take off our bras! I mean, duh! Then Penny’s Mom dropped her off. As soon as she drove away Penny took off her coat, and she was dressed just like she is now”. Penny blushed a little, but I could tell she was pleased at being the heroine of the story.

“Well. Right away a line started forming, and instead of just boxes, all of a sudden we were selling cases. At first I was too chicken to take off my top, but Penny kept daring me to go braless. Without a bra the new tops leave you almost naked, so I decided I should go all the way. Well, half they way”, she giggled. “After that we ran out of cookies in under half an hour! We had to call up our dads to drive out and get some more. Janet’s dad came down and yanked her out of here when saw out she was topless, but all the other Dads were just SO COOL. They acted like they were PROUD their daughters were so grown up and pretty.” Tami was grinning from ear to ear as her father beamed at her.

“In the meantime our customers were just standing around. One of the college guys asked me if I’d give him a kiss instead of a box of chocolate mints, and pretty soon things were getting wild! We made over $500 just from letting guys play with us before the cookies even showed up. Even Cindy got $50 for sitting on this old guy’s lap while he rubbed her chest.” The little Brownie smiled and tried to look very grown up. She almost pulled it off.

I was just getting into the spirit of the event with a guy about 25 years old, when right beside me where Penny was sitting I heard an angry sounding, “Just what do you think you are doing, young lady!”

“Daddy!” shrieked Penny. Suddenly Penny’s father was looming over her. The boy who had been behind her caressing her breasts was walking the other way with his hands in his pockets. The man that Penny had just finished playing with was looking dazed as a wet spot spread over the front of his pants. Nobody was happy to see Mr. Lovelace.

“Is this the way your mother and I taught you to behave in public? I can see exactly what you’re learning from this so-called ‘program’!” Penny was looking very small and frightened. The hot little slut of a moment before had suddenly become a very embarrassed, very young girl.

“This is the last straw! I’m going to do something now I should have done a long time ago”, said Mr. Lovelace, stepping around the table and reaching over Penny’s head.

“No Daddy! Please! I’m sorry, Daddy! Please give me another chance! I’m sorry!”

Without hesitation, Penny’s Daddy grabbed her ponytail in one hand, and jerked down his zipper with the other. The astonished Penny gave out a tiny squeal of delight as seven inches of her father’s semi-ridged cock spilled out and smacked against her blushing cheek. The look on her face was indescribable. Fortunately it doesn’t need to be described: Several of the onlookers had their camera phones out and were snapping a record of the occasion from every angle. You can see it today on the official Girl Scout Porn site. Penny and her dad have definitely made the big time.

Grasping his cock in one hand and her head in the other, Mr. Lovelace brought the tip down to his daughter’s startled lips. He brushed her nose and left a thin track of pre-cum dangling from the tip of her nose to the end of his cock.

She couldn’t have had that much practice in the two weeks since she first took my little brother’s cock into her mouth. I thought then and I think now that Penny must be a natural cocksucker. Her lips parted without even thinking about it and she eagerly slipped her mouth over the head of her daddy’s penis.

That wasn’t good enough for her father. Even though he had to know he was much bigger than anything his daughter had ever experienced, he was too angry to control himself. He thrust his dick into her mouth until he hit the back of her throat. Penny gagged and tried to pull back, but Mr. Lovelace was firmly in control. He took pity for a moment and pulled out a little, but as soon as she took a breath he pushed himself right back in her mouth. “Now then, young lady, this is going to be a lesson you won’t soon forget. I spent far too many years taking sass from your mother, and it seems to me girls have something a lot better to do with their mouths. You seem to know how to make the most of yours, so just remember that this is what it’s for.”

Penny had tears in her eyes from gagging, but you have to give the girl credit. Humiliated as she was, you could still see her beginning to bob back and forth, meeting her father’s thrusts and trying to control her gag reflex. Now she was looking up, meeting her father’s glare with her big brown eyes. He began to slow his thrusts even as her tears began to glisten, then to sparkle. Penny shifted her slight weight to her knees, and her father let go of her head as she took over the rhythm. Where a moment before he had frankly been fucking his daughter’s face, she now began to show her love for her father’s penis. The little girl began to moan as she became caught up in the delicious, forbidden act. She was the center of everyone’s attention, and you could tell she loved it. It’s incredible to think that less than five weeks ago this little girl was so nervous about going nude that she had a breakdown in school and had to see a psychologist. That scared little girl had been replaced with a horny little slut kneeling in the center of the crowd, hungrily sucking on her own daddy’s dick.

Most of the younger Girl Scouts were put-off or frightened at first. There was a chorus of “Ewwwww’s” and a lot of turned faces. Not so for the guys in line. It only took a moment for a gang to form with the loving father and daughter at its center, and soon most of the girls were furtively trying to catch a glance. Cindy was standing on a chair, craning her neck for a better view. As the gentlemen caught on, they made room for the young ladies to watch their friend and her daddy, and perhaps pick up a few good ideas.

Beautiful as it was, a first coupling can never last for long. Penny began to moan, and shortly thereafter her entire body was writhing in time to each stroke of her daddy’s dick.

Last year in Art we watched an old classic movie called “Deep Throat”. It’s all about a girl whose clit is all the way down her throat. The way Penny cums when she gets her face fucked, I think she must be just like that. Even before her father started to groan and buck his hips, Penny’s motion had gone from bobbing her head to writhing her entire body, to total loss of control as her whole world narrowed down to the huge hairy cock pounding into her throat. She trembled. Her pussy spasmed. She came.

Even as he looked down at his gorgeous little daughter, orgasming from the act of sucking every drop of sperm from the very organ that gave her life, Penny’s father was full of love for his little girl. He just couldn’t do it. At the last moment he grabbed a china cup from the table, pulled his dick out of his daughter’s sucking mouth with an audible pop, and neatly filled the porcelain vessel with his thick fluid, spilling only a few drops from the blast. The crowd applauded as he sat down on the chair exhausted with the very satisfied Penny on his lap.

Cameras continued to click as Penny picked up a chocolate mint Girl Scout cookie, dipped it in the cup, and messily ate up the cookie and her daddy’s thick, gooey cream.
Epilogue

And that is how the Cookies And Cream merit badge was born. It’s still the only merit badge that has to be shared between a Boy Scout and a Girl Scout.

Daddy’s not eligible.

Oh! I almost forgot to mention. When Penny finished eating her cookie and her daddy’s cream, she gave him a big smile. When they got up, he slipped a $100 bill into the cookie cash box. All the rest of us took notice, and the line started to form again. After my very own daddy visited Girlie Pop in the mall and came back with knee pads for each of us, we went back to work. It was after dark when we finally had to quit from exhaustion and very sore jaws. That day we took in over $8,600!


That also explains why The 125th Girl Scout Passel had a budget last year that provided over 25% of the total revenue of the Girl Scouts, USA! There isn’t a charity or community project in town that isn’t over its collection goals for the next three years, thanks to 125! They may talk about “Girl Sluts”, but everybody in town is proud of what started right here. Nation wide, Girl Scout recruiting is up 1,700% from two years ago, and everybody from the On-line Porn sites to the local churches is excited about the second sexual revolution and the wonderful changes that “The Program” has brought to good ol’ USA!

So remember to keep lots of spare cash around the house, ‘cause the Girl Scouts still do door-to-door sales. And it’s your civil duty to support your neighborhood Girl Scouts!
