Nude Beach and a Nude... Mall?
By ohmss

A wacky adventure to a mall with lots of public action.

My name is James and this is wacky story about our town's rebuilt mall situated next to the nude beach. Enjoy!

Chapter One

On Saturday morning, my friend Fiona suggested we go to the mall, just she and I. I was still a bit tired from a wacky nude party the night before (obviously) but agreed. I threw on a t-shirt and shorts and Fiona tossed on a tube top and tube skirt. Not sure if she picked out underwear or not but I wasn't too concerned either.

"This is going to be fun!" Fiona said excitedly as we parked, "I've heard they've made a lot of changes to this place now that it's so close to the nude beach."

"Huh," I said as we got out, "You know? I never thought about that. I don't think I've been to a mall since I was like 16? Should be an adventure if nothing else!"

We walked towards the main entrance and noticed a few homeless people around the main steps. Some of them were asking for change, but some were just minding their business. Apparently the clothing-optional guidelines of the beach extended up past the shore for a few blocks but no further. The signs posted about made it clear where the line ended so no one was caught unaware but surely no one would be too stringent on enforcing the rules with so many other 'serious' crimes taking place elsewhere in the city.

For example, a few people clearly couldn't find parking at the nude beach so they opted to park in the mall parking lot instead and walk to the beach. All totally within the confines of the signage though as parking spots got taken, some of the beach goers had to park across the street from the mall which was technically just outside the allowed area. Again, no one made a fuss.

As we got closer we saw a pair of ladies come up the side walk to their parked vehicle. Both were blond and naked aside from towels that they had draped over their shoulders. They smiled at us as we passed and got into their car.

Over to the right of us, in the distance was a skate park that was situated between the mall parking lot and the actual beach. There were skaters of all sizes shapes and genders. Some clothed, some not, and some in between. Fiona and I stopped for a minute to watch a brown-skinned guy (Indian I think) perform and trick from one end of the half-pipe to the other. I didn't know the name of the trick as it's not my forte but we were impressed at the fact that he performed it while wearing shorts so short that the head and part of the shaft of his penis was visible hanging down through his right pant leg. "I hope he doesn't fall on it!" Fiona chuckled.

We got to the steps at the sliding doors and as we approached, some mall patrons exited. Another pair of women trotted down the steps. One was brunette and fair-skinned and fully clothed with a tank top and shorts and her friend was dark-skinned (African-American) and wore only Daisy Duke shorts. Her massive breasts and large nipples jutted out. As we passed them Fiona remarked "Man those were some hangers!"

Inside the mall, we could finally see what Fiona had been told about the mall being different. The clothing rules extended inside clearly and much like the skate park area, people of all shapes and sizes were in various forms of dress and undress.

"This is cool!" Fiona said, "Kind reminds me of the party."

"Ha ha, yeah," I remarked.

"Maybe we oughta blend-in?" she replied, "So we don't stand out?"

"You're a riot, Fiona."

"I'm serious!" she said, playfully socking me in the arm, "Besides, we got lucky with a parking spot in the front row. Maybe we could leave a few articles of clothing in my car?"

"Maybe. I guess so. But I need my wallet and stuff."

"Oh right," Fiona said with a playful smile. Without warning she shoved her hands in my pocket and fished my wallet out. After waving it in my face for a second, she shoved it into her tube top between her breasts.

"Very slick, Fiona." I said, "Fine, you keep it. I'm broke anyways."

"Alright, man" Fiona said with a cheeky smile, "We'll see."

We kept walking and a noticed something about Fiona. When she put my wallet in her tub top, she had accidently pushed it town a little bit. Now it was down low enough that the tops of her nipples were exposed. Of course, no one paid any attention. After walking for a few minutes, Fiona spotted a store to try.

We walked in a browsed swim suits for a bit. It was then that I realized I needed a new one so I selected one to try on. We made our way to the dressing rooms and each went our separate ways.

I closed the door to the dressing room and slipped off my shorts and underwear and left them on the floor. I tried on the new swimsuit and realized that the tag must have been wrong. It was so tight I couldn't get it over my package no matter how much I sucked my gut in. After trying to jam my cock and balls into the thing for a minute I gave up and put it back on the hangar.

To my surprise, however, my shorts and underwear were nowhere to be found! I looked around but it quickly became clear that someone had taken them. Not that they were valuable at all, but still. I suspected Fiona based on her insistence on being cheeky in the mall, but truthfully, it could have been a random prankster as well.

After my experience at the party last night I just shrugged and walked out of the dressing room with my t-shirt and nothing else. The breeze of the mall's air conditioning fluttered over my bare package and ass. I walked through the store with my bottom half completely exposed. The shirt was way too short to even hint at covering anything. After perusing the racks and replacing the swim suit I had tried on I found Fiona still looking at swimwear.

"Oh wow," Fiona said, looking down at my cock, "You changed your mind, huh?"

"Ha ha, not really," I said, "Someone yanked my shorts."

"Well don't look at me," Fiona replied, "I've been out here. You look good though!"

"Thanks," I said, "Not really a big deal I guess; what with our escapades last night."

"See?" She said, smiling, "I knew you'd come around. Come one, let's ask the cashier if they have this thong in another color."

We walked up to the cashier's station and waited in line. At first I felt a little self-conscious being the only one in this particular store with anything exposed. A few of the other customers glanced down at my package. But as we got closer to the front of the line, I could see that one of the cashier ladies had a c-string on. Not nude, technically, but from behind it looked as though she was bottomless because her ass cheeks absolutely swallowed the back of the c-string. As luck would have it, the young lady took us next.

"Hi!" she said with a polite smile, "Find everything okay?"

"Kind of," Fiona replied, "I like this thong but I couldn't find any blue ones. Do you have any?"

"Let me look real quick, hon." The cashier replied, "There might be some in the bin back here that didn't get put back." She turned around and bent over and we got another nice look at her (basically) bare ass. She was definitely what you'd call a PAWG. I could feel a little blood rushing down to my dick. Fiona noticed and gave it a little pat on the head.

"Sorry, I don't." the cashier finally replied, "Do you want that one still?"

"Eh, no thanks," Fiona answered and we made our way out.

As we walked through the common area, Fiona finally commented, "I think this is off to a great start."

"What do you mean?" I asked.

"I saw how excited you were back there. This is fun. I think I just made a bet with myself."

"Ha ha, what kind of bet?"

"Well, I bet myself that you are going cum somewhere in the mall."

"Okay, ya goof," I laughed, "I'll make the same bet for you!"

Fiona didn't answer but rather just smiled mischeviously. She spotted an ice cream shop and pointed to it. I nodded in approval as I was dying for some ice cream. Fiona then wrapped her hand around my cock and led me towards the parlor.

It was kind of a fun feeling having Fiona hold my dick as though she was holding my hand. No one really cared it seemed but it was starting to make me hard. I had never had a bare erection in a mall before! What would people think if I was walking around bottomless with a full hard-on?

We ordered ice cream and stood next to each other by the fountain to eat them as there were no open seats. As we chuckled, I accidently let some melted ice cream drip off my cone and onto my shaft. Fiona laughed and then said "Wait! Don't move!"

Before I could ask why, she had crouched down to her knees. Taking my cock in her hand she plunged it into her mouth and started licking the ice cream off. The split ice cream was gone in seconds, but Fiona kept sucking and sucking. A few people here and there took notice. A few laughed quietly. Some secretly filmed with their smart phones. Some didn't notice or care. I looked up at the balcony and noticed a woman in a mini skirt had pulled her panties down to her knees and was rubbing herself at the sight of Fiona blowing me by the fountain.

"Oh man," I said to Fiona, "I'm gonna cum already!"

"Great!" she said in between slurps. Finally she took her mouth off of my cock and held the tip of it up her cup of soft serve ice cream and directed my load right into it. I blasted a thick rope of cum into her cup. A few quiet oohs and ahhs erupted from the mall shoppers as my load came out. Fiona licked up the last of it and then proceeded to immediately eat the rest of her ice cream that was now covered in my semen.

"Mmmhmmm," she said with a smile, "I gotta eat it quick before your load melts the ice cream!" I laughed and looked back up at the woman who had been pleasuring herself to the sight of Fiona and me and it looked as though she had cum too. The rest of the mall patrons went back to mulling around like normal.

"Well," I said as my cock started to soften, "I guess you win your bet."

"Ha ha, yeah I guess I did." Fiona teased, "But just because you came first doesn't mean I won't." She took one last bite of cum-covered ice cream and tossed the cup into a trash can. She put her arm around mine and we continued walking through the mall, me still bottomless and her with her tube top sagging low to expose the tops of her nipples. I started to notice too that she had no underwear under her very short tube skirt. The skirt was beginning to ride up her backside until the very bottoms of her ass cheeks could be seen.

Fiona soon spotted another clothing store to try out and we went inside. This one was rather busy with people all over the place rummaging through clothes. I walked around while Fiona searched for something. She found some shorts she wanted to try on and made her way to the changing room. Without her seeing me, I followed her and crouched down outside the changing room door. When I saw her tube skirt hit the floor I quietly grabbed it from under the door and chuckled quietly to myself.

I knew she denied stealing my shorts but I was pretty sure she had done it anyways. I took the newly-acquired skirt and hung it on an empty hangar and placed it on a random clothing rack, making it look like it was part of the merchandise.

I waited next to the rack and pretended to browse as I heard her say "Damn! Where'd I leave that?" I laughed to myself, imagining the look on her face. I waited for her to shout for me from the confines of the dressing room to ask for help but she never did. I wondered what she might be planning, but I got distracted by a woman who was browsing shirts with her boyfriend.

She was pretty short and dark-skinned. I guessed at the time that she was half black and half white. She wore a long flowing skirt but was completely topless. Her breasts were fairly large and sagged down a bit with dark brown nipples. She was trying on shirts and then just placing them back on the hangars when she had finished. She hadn't found what she was looking for and her boyfriend offered to try another store. She shrugged and agreed and then slipped off the skirt too! Apparently she was trying that on as well and didn't actually own it.

She stepped out of the skirt to reveal that she was wearing only a tiny thong underneath it. It was a red one and from behind her ass swallowed the string whole. She turned to leave with her boyfriend and I saw that it was nothing but string in the front as well. In the front, the red strings met just above her pussy crack and formed into a single string that tucked down into her pussy lips and then disappeared in the same way that the string in her ass crack had. She had shaved her pubic hair at some point but her bush was starting to come back.

Her boyfriend, who also appeared to be half black and half white, turned and followed her out. As they began to walk past me I could see that he had shorts on that were extremely short. So short in fact that it was obvious that he was hung. His member had flopped to the right and was hanging down out of his right pant leg. The head and probably half of shaft were easily visible. I appreciated his confidence. I mean, sure, my cock was out completely for the world to see but not out of ego.

Fiona finally emerged from the dressing room and approached. I turned to see exactly what I had expected; she had given up her search for her missing tube skirt and had instead opted to be bottomless. Her cute patch of pubic hair danced above her exposed vagina. Her tube top was still on and though she had pulled it up slightly, it was obvious that it would soon drift down again.

"Are you happy?" she smiled, performing a little twirl in front of me. Her very shapely upside-down heart of an ass jiggled.

"Of course!" I laughed, "Now we're twins."

"Yeah I guess we are. I didn't really care for that skirt anyways. Come on; let's see what other trouble we can get into." With that we left the store and headed up one of the escalators to the second story. I let Fiona go in front of me mainly because I wanted to get a better look at her bare ass as we ascended. She had a really great bottom with zero tan lines. I could almost feel my dick twitch a little already.

When we got up top I noticed there seemed to be more patrons in stages of undress than on the first floor which helped Fiona and I to not stand out as much. There was also more comfortable seating that people were taking advantage of. Near one of the shoe stores was a wide cushioned bench. On the bench was a topless woman wearing only bikini bottoms; clearly freshly indoors from spending time at the beach. Across the walkway from her on a matching bench and younger guy in his late teens was ogling her intently as she fanned herself with a magazine in an effort to cool down. The motion she was making was causing her breasts to jiggle. It was then that I noticed the young guy had his pants unzipped and pushed down to his knees. He was just casually stroking his cock to the sight of the woman. She clearly had noticed though and just smiled and continued doing what she was doing. After a few minutes she came over the bench he was sitting on and sat down next to him. Without a word exchanged she began stroking his member for him, eventually leading him to climax all over himself. She simply laughed and got up and walked away, leaving him to try and clean up his mess.

"Man, what a crazy day, am I right?" Fiona said, "Whew I think I actually feel myself getting a little wet!" She rubbed her hand over her bare vagina. "Yep, getting a little moist."

"Well what are you gonna do about it?" I asked as we entered a store.

"I don't know but I think we're going to the right place." She replied. I looked around and noticed we had entered a sex toy shop. There was everything under the sun out on display. Fiona seemed interested in one of the walls that a row of dildos jutting out of it with a sign above each reading 'try before you buy!' in big purple letters.

Fiona walked down the row of fake cocks and loving touched each one with her hand. One of the employees showed up and nicely asked if there was anything we needed help with. Fiona said she was just browsing and the employee said "No problem, hon, I'll be at the front desk. Word of advice though if you're looking at dildos? That pink one there is my favorite. Fantastic way to pleasure yourself." Fiona thanked the employee and gazed at the dildo that had been pointed out. She gripped the shaft and then handed me her purse.

"What's this for?" I asked.

"Just give me a few minutes will ya?" Fiona replied. Without any further explanation, she bent over in front of the pink dildo and with her left hand, spread her pussy lips and backed herself onto the mounted sex toy. I couldn't believe my eyes. Fiona was literally getting fucked by a dildo sticking out of a wall in a public store.

Some patrons stopped to look as the bottomless beauty pleasured herself by backing herself onto the dildo over and over. She rocked back and forth until she screamed in ecstasy. After her climax she smiled and grabbed a disinfectant wipe from her purse and cleaned off the toy she had just used.

"Wow," I said, "I didn't expect that!"

"Well you were right! I did cum! Good prediction!" I laughed as the employee of the store walked up holding her smartphone up for Fiona to see.

"Hey hon?" she asked, "You mind if I post this to the store's Instagram page? It'd be great advertising. With your permission of course." I looked at the smartphone and saw that the employee had snapped a great picture of bottomless Fiona bent over and riding the wall-mounted dildo with a look of pure pleasure on her face. In the photo, Fiona had been gyrated so furiously that her breasts had popped out of her tube top, making the sight all the more erotic.

"Fine with me," Fiona shrugged, "Hope it brings in more customers!" The employee thanked her and posted immediately. As we left the sex toy shop a few mall patrons turned to get a look at the woman who had just made it known to the mall that she had experienced an orgasm. I looked around briefly at the people around us and some of them were clearly a bit turned on by what had happened. A few women had their hands down their pants (if they were wearing any) and some of the men were doing the same. A couple of the guys even had their hard dicks in their hand stroking them.

We passed a restroom and I told Fiona I was aching to take a leak. She told me she would be in the adjacent store until I was finished. I sauntered in to the men's room and for a second I thought I had mistakenly entered the women's room because there were a few female bathroom attendants there.

I had never seen bathroom attendants at a mall before. Fancy theatres? Sure. I also noticed that the men's room was not a men's room but rather a unisex bathroom. I walked over to a urinal and stood with my legs slightly apart to begin urinating.

One of the attendants came over to me. She was short and Asian and was wearing a tight t-shirt with a printing of a tuxedo on the front and the logo of the mall on the back. She had short black hair and a wide inviting smile.

"Hello, sir! Welcome to one of the mall's deluxe full-service restrooms!" she announced cheerfully.

"Well, hi!" I replied, still not peeing, "Kinda fancy for a mall bathroom, isn't it?"

"Well it's an idea that has really taken off lately," she explained, "If you have a minute I can go over some of the absolutely free-of-charge perks that come with using this restroom?"

"Oh, uh, sure why not?"

"Fantastic! First off, we use triple-filtered ionized water and zero-waste towels. All our toilets and urinals are self-cleaning. You're welcome to use any of the fixtures you'd like, however for your added convenience any of us you see in the shirt I'm wearing are available to assist you personally with using any of them."

"Assistance with using... the... toilet?" I asked, a bit confused.

"Correct! Or the urinal if you prefer to..." she looked down at my exposed penis, "...the urinal. That is, if standing up is more to your liking."

"Um, ok." I replied, "Anything else?"

"Absolutely! If you prefer to not use any of the fixtures in this restroom, simply ask any of us attendants and we can invite you to use any one of us for your toileting needs."

"Huh? What does that mean?"

"Myself or one of the other attendants can either assist you with urinating into our mouths or defecating if need be. Though do be aware there is a charge of five dollars for consumption of any solids, so most folks prefer to simply use an old-fashioned toilet for that one."

"Oh," I nodded, "Of course. That makes sense."

"Just wanted to make sure you were aware of your options," she smiled broadly, "That being said, my name is Erin. Would you prefer any assistance from me during your restroom usage? Amy and Darla are also available to help if you prefer." I glanced over at some of the other patrons. One guy was reading a newspaper in front of a urinal with his pants unzipped and his cock hanging out. A petite Latina woman was bent over holding his member in her hand and guiding the stream of piss into the urinal as he read.

"Oh, well, I never really thought of it before. I guess I could use a hand."

"Certainly! I would be more than happy to hold your member for you as you urinate. Oh, but I forgot that that this particular urinal is out of order at the moment. You can wait for another to open up or if it can't wait you are welcome to use my mouth to consume your fluids."

"Heh, well, alright. Let's go with the latter. Never tried that before!"

"Of course!" Erin said with a smile. She dropped to her knees and said, "I can either catch your stream or if you'd like you can enter my mouth as well. Whenever you're ready, sir!" as she opened her mouth in front of my cock. I could feel it starting to harden so I figured it would probably be easier to put it in her mouth and pee rather than try to aim my boner. I inserted the tip into Erin's mouth and let loose.

Erin moaned ever so slightly as my bladder drained into her mouth. She took my cock and my piss like a champion and didn't allow a single drop to escape her lips. As I finished, she sucked the head to make sure I was fully drained and then dispensed some sanitizer onto her hands and gently cleaned my penis.

"Wow," I said, "Thanks!"

"My pleasure, sir!" Erin said as she stood back up, "Delicious too! If you need anything else you know where to find us. I hope you enjoy the rest of your shopping experience!"

"Thank you I will!" I said as I left the restroom.

"Oh, and one more thing, sir!" Erin said excitedly, "Here's a pamphlet outlining the future paid services we'll be offering at this location. We hope to see you again!" I nodded and took the pamphlet and read about what was coming next to the mall's restrooms. Apparently the owners of the mall were pulling out all the stops next month. There was going to be low cost amenities added like glory holes, ten-dollar blow jobs, and even twenty-five dollar intercourse options with the added five-dollar charge of anal penetration.

Since I was still bottomless and therefore had nowhere to keep the pamphlet, I set it down on a nearby food court table and went looking for Fiona. I could see her in the distance in another clothing store. She was leaning over a display table of bras and her unmistakable bubbly butt was proudly on display. I walked over to her a patted her bare bottom. She hardly reacted.

"Did you find some relief?" she asked jokingly.

"Oh boy, did I!" I answered, "You oughta try their bathrooms if you need to; quite deluxe."

"Nice." She replied, choosing a bra from the table. She had taken her tube top down so that it was now tucked underneath her bare breasts and ended above her pubic hair. Technically she was somewhat clothed but all of the 'goodies' were free and clear to be seen. She held up the bra to her boobs to judge if it would be a good fit. She eventually decided against buying it but never pulled her top back up to re-cover her chest.

"Oh hey, I finally found a swimsuit by the way while you were taking a piss. I'm gonna go put it on before we head out to the beach entrance."

"Oh okay, cool." I replied, "That was quick."

"Be back in a jiffy." Fiona said as she hurried off to a changing room. I took the opportunity to go towards the entrance of the store and just people-watch as I waited for her return.

From where I stood I could see past the sliding doors that led to the beach front. People were coming and going. There was more nudity at this end of the mall because of that fact. Lots of attractive naked and semi-naked people filtered through. Some folks decided to just sit on the comfy benches and just admire the views, some going so far as to masturbate to the sights.

It was then that I also noticed that the mall had employed several female janitors who patrolled the common areas with mop buckets and other cleaning supplies to tidy up and 'messes' made by the patrons. In fact, as I waited for Fiona, a dude who had been whacking it to nude beachgoers/shoppers had blasted a load on the floor and a smiling janitor quickly put down a 'Caution: Wet Floor' sign and dutifully mopped up the cum.

The owners of the mall were clearly banking on the fact that the re-vamped mall was situated next to the nude beach and they really wanted to capitalize on the fact nudity and sexual expression were not just allowed, but thought of as a selling point.

It didn't just extend to the friendly and attractive restroom attendants but to the janitorial staff as well. All the ones I had seen so far was more heavy-set women, but not anywhere near what I would consider fat. More so, they were simply 'curvy' or 'pleasantly plump'.

As stated earlier, their uniforms reflected the fun environment the mall/beach was trying to promote. Their shirts were a pretty typical grey and blue janitorial color scheme with the mall's logo on the sleeves, but each janitor's shirt was cut off at just below the arm pits to allow their breasts to hang out beneath the fabric. Basically it was a crop-top that was cropped super short. Below the shirts, they wore wrap-around tool belts with various supplies attached along the sides. For bottoms, well, they didn't really have any. Each janitor had a generic cloth attached at the front of their belt to use for general cleaning. When not in use, the rag draped down in front of their belt and covered up their privates. Whenever the janitors used their rag for something you could easily see a variety of pussies. Some shaven, some with a full bush, and some in the stages in between. Then of course from the rear you could see their wide and ample buttocks. The uniforms were finished off with black non-slip work boots and every janitor had their hair in a bun. All except for the one and only male janitor I saw, who wore the exact same thing but obviously had his normal shirt buttoned and no hair bun. Everything else stayed the same and you could see his cock hang down behind the rag on his tool belt while he took out trash.

When Fiona got back she had on the most interesting bikini I had ever seen. The top was literally just strings. The fabric that should go over the breasts was just not there so her ample boobs were just hanging out with string material "framing" them. The only additional part of the top were the two matching pasties over each nipple.

The bottoms (if one could call them that) was a normal-ish bikini bottom, but it also was only the string material and none of the fabric. In front the strings arched over Fiona's hip and as it got to her pubic area, there was simply a cut-out where the fabric would normally be. Her pubic hair and her whole vagina was completely in the open.

She did a twirl to show off the rear and I saw that in the back, the fabric that would normally be covering the ass crack was gone too. There was also a cutout around her crack that extended under her groin and met up with the cutout in the front. She performed a quick leg raise (former cheerleader) and I could see that she was totally "open" from the top her ass crack to the top of her pussy crack.

"Nice." I said while giving a thumbs up. My bare dick twitched a bit too at the sight of the 'easy access', as it were. Though I had seen Fiona naked, this was somehow a little bit hotter than her being nude, truth be told.

"I can tell you like it, ya pervert." Fiona said, motioning to my dick that was starting to swell. "Good thing all this craziness is perfectly legal now, huh? Come on, let's go check out the beach."

With that, we exited the back entrance an onto a whole new area of strange adventures!


NUDE BEACH AND A NUDE... MALL? PT. 02

Continuing public adventures in lewdness!

Fiona was wearing the most interesting bikini I had ever seen. The top was literally just strings. The fabric that should go over the breasts was just not there so her ample boobs were just hanging out with string material "framing" them. The only additional part of the top were the two matching pasties over each nipple.

The bottoms (if one could call them that) was a normal-ish bikini bottom, but it also was only the string material and none of the fabric. In front the strings arched over Fiona's hip and as it got to her pubic area, there was simply a cut-out where the fabric would normally be. Her pubic hair and her whole vagina was completely in the open.

Upon exiting the sliding doors we were immediately on a patio area. Nice foliage and hardwood platforms with lots of comfortable seating. There was, obviously, more nudity outdoors rather than inside. A lot of women were either naked or wearing extreme micro bikinis like Fiona. Some times there were different combinations top to bottom. Some women wore t-shirts or tank-tops or halter tops or crop tops with only a string thong or crotch less thong on bottom (some nothing at all on the bottom). Some had more normal bikini bottoms or beach skirts and were simply topless. A few were topless with nipples pasties or bikini tops similar to Fiona's where the breasts were out in open.

I started to take notice of a trend as well, not just here at the mall and beach but in the area surrounding the limits of the nudity signage. Many women who weren't at the mall or beach and who weren't even wearing beach attire were still finding ways to participate in the spirit of the nude area. I saw quite a few women going about mundane business like visiting the tax preparers office or waiting in a doctor's waiting area of a medical office we walked past who were, for example, wearing a halter top which was tucked below their breasts. They were otherwise clothed normally but to fit in had chosen to allow their boobs to be free and open. One of the front-desk workers at the doctors' office had a professional white button-up blouse to go with her smart black skirt, and yet the blouse was only buttoned on the last two buttons to allow the blouse to be parted and to frame her very hefty exposed bosoms.

In the main patio/boardwalk seating area there was nude couple sharing moment together. Amongst the other patrons and beach goers seated around them, they were in their own little world. The man was sat down on a bench and leaned back a bit as his partner sat on his lap facing him. They kissed for a bit and we could see his member harden and enlarge. The naked woman moved her herself upwards in order to slide herself gently onto his cock. She gyrated her hips on top of him while they kissed. Some folks watched and some couldn't care less. The woman shuddered quietly as she orgasmed. Her male partner barely made a sound to indicate he was close to climaxing. The only way we knew was from watching his cock go in and out of her pussy and then eventually we saw semen leak down out of her cunt and down his shaft and onto the ground. Apparently he had filled her up so much that his cum was bursting out of her while his dick was still firmly inside. She finally collapsed on top of him while still having his member inside of her and he wrapped his arms around her in a loving embrace and they just sat there, looking very satisfied.

"Nice," Fiona commented, "Lovely day outside for a good fuck." I nodded in agreement. Shortly afterwards Fiona spotted a crowd of people lined up down the boardwalk stairs waiting in line for a street taco vendor who was clearly very popular. You could barely see the taco cart itself because of the crowd that had gathered to feast.

"Man, I wonder what they're putting in those things?" I mused.

"I don't know," Fiona replied, "But I'm famished. They obviously know something we don't. Let's get some!"

We got in line and were surrounded by other beachgoers eager for a hot fresh meal. Fiona and stood almost side by side but were touching hip to hip due to the amount of people squeezing in from all sides. I figured we would probably be in line for twenty minutes or so. While we waited, Fiona leaned over to talk to me.

"Hey James, thanks for hanging out with me today. This has been really fun so far."

"Thanks for having me!" I replied eagerly, "It's been a blast."

"Ha ha," Fiona giggled, "In more ways than one! I can't believe the load you blew on my ice cream earlier."

"Oh, ha ha, well I 'aim' to please." I jokingly replied. "Though by the looks of things, the person you really ought to thank for a good time is the dildo you tried out at the sex shop. I had no idea you came so... exuberantly."

"Oh yeah," Fiona answered as though it was no big deal, "I mean, it's always like that if it's been a hot minute since you've had some good lovin', ya know?"

"No way," I remarked, "How long's it been?"

"Oh at least a month since I've had some real dick."

"But last night at the naked party you and Drew never...?"

"Hmm? Oh, no, we didn't do anything. He got way to drunk and just passed out hard on the floor. The only thing I did with him was draw daisies on his cock with Sharpie while he was asleep just for yucks."

"Ha, serves him right for passing out on the kitchen floor, I guess."

"Yeah. I think that's why today has been refreshing."

"I what way?" I puzzled.

"Well, I've always been pretty free and open with my body, even way before moving out here where we've got all these open-minded rules. One of things that's always been a bit difficult for me to try is having sex in public. I've never had a problem with nudity and I've always wanted to try it, but I guess there's always been a mental block there. Today though, I don't know. I guess it really wasn't full-on sex but it was a real thrill blowing you in public like that."

"Well I was pretty thrilled myself."

"Well, exactly, see? That's what I mean. You just like went with it without making me feel like I was some dirty slut or like I needed serious mental help. Like you were totally just okay with me just being spontaneous and being myself. I guess that's why I felt like I could cum in front of you in that store as well. You just... feel like a safe place for me to be myself."

I was flattered. I could tell that this wasn't the normal chit chat and Fiona was really expressing her true feelings. I put my arm around her and she leaned her head on my shoulder.

"Fiona, I think you're awesome. You know something? I hate fake people. You are the very definition of the opposite. You're real and authentic and you're comfortable with yourself. With all the weirdos trying to make themselves feel better on social media and crap like that, you stand out as being above all that pettiness. You do stuff cause you want to, not for any other reason. I can't tell you how much I love that."

"Aw, really?" she said, looking up at me with a wide smile, "I think you just made my day." She lifted her head back up and added, "Why don't we have a little fun while we wait for tacos?"

"Hm? Okay sure." I replied, not really sure what she meant. Just then, as we were surrounded by people, Fiona took her right hand and began stroking my cock while we waited in line. Much like earlier it felt really good. With all the crazy things that happened today, it didn't take much imagination to get fired up. My exposed cock was hard in no time.

"Heh, I'm afraid I might poke that gal in front of us." I joked, referring to the older woman of about fifty who was patiently waiting for food. She was wearing a one-piece bathing suit but the crotch was a cut-out like Fiona's. I didn't know it at the time but in front it ended just below the breasts so her massive saggy tits were hanging out.

"Well, don't poke her, silly," Fiona giggled, "Poke me instead." She moved in front of me between myself and the older lady. Fiona than backed her ass up to me and wiggled her ass on me with my cock pressed between her cheeks like a hot dog on a bun.

Without much more buildup, Fiona then raised her ass up by standing on her tip toes and used one hand held behind herself to guide my cock into her pussy from behind. She moaned silently as she back all the way onto my hard dick. She then arched her back towards me and turned her head left to talk and said, "I'm ready to go all the way now, James. Fuck me."

I happily obliged and wrapped my arms around her midriff and held her close to me while I began thrusting into her cunt from behind. My hands moved upwards to hold her breasts as she cried out a little. She brought one of her hands down to rub her clit as I fucked her.

A few people noticed, and some people stopped to look or film but no one was offended as we continued to have sex in public. Fiona finally came and I could feel her body shudder as she took in my cock.

"James," she said, sounding exhausted, "I want you to cum inside me in front of all these people." I happily obliged her and held her body even tighter to mine as I released my load. I could feel my balls drain into her pussy. As I pulled out, her wet cunt dripped moisture and sperm onto the boardwalk floor.

"Oh thank you," Fiona said, turning to embrace me. A few people nodded in approval of our display of attraction and made congratulatory comments. "You know something, James?"

"What's that?"

"I don't know that I can ever go back to having sex in private." She chuckled, "That was so damn hot."

"Hell yes," I said, squeezing her, "We'll have to pick a new spot every time."

"You got it, mister," she smiled and we kissed, "Well if you weren't hungry before I bet you're starving now!"

"Starving and thirsty!" I replied with a laugh. By this time there was now only a couple people in front of us at the taco cart. When they finally dispersed we ordered our food. The vendor was a very attractive Latina woman with dark hair done up in a bun wearing only a small apron around her waist. She was clearly pregnant but not terribly far long as indicated by her pronounced belly, but her exposed breasts were already engorged with large dark nipples jutting out. She fetched some more tortillas behind her and we could see that she bottomless aside from the apron as well. She had a wide and round ass with a small heart tattoo on her left cheek.

We ordered our food and the second we had tacos in hand, both Fiona and myself started chowing down. We really had underestimated our level of hunger. Exerting ourselves earlier surely expedited the process. Overcome with hunger, we almost forgot to pay.

"Oh shit," Fiona said with a mouthful of taco, "I think I left your wallet and my purse back in the mall!"

"Oh man," I said. I turned to the taco vendor, "I'm so sorry I have to go back and find my wallet."

"What?" she replied angrily, "You don't have money?"

"No, no, I do!" I stammered, "I just didn't realized we didn't have it with us!"

"Well maybe you'd have your head on straight if you two weren't fucking every chance you got!" the taco vendor was turning red and people were murmuring.

"I'm so sorry, please," I motioned to Fiona, "She'll stay right here while I go find it. I promise we're not trying to rip you off."

But the beautiful and angry taco vendor was not having. She immediately called mall security. Fiona and I saw two guards hurry over from the other side of the pavilion. The crowd parted as they approached and we could get a better look at them.

The taller guard was male. He wore a high-visibility yellow vest with the malls logo and 'security' spelled out clearly in bold letters. No shirt underneath, just the vest. Bellow he had on a speedo but it was pretty small. Probably too small for the size of his male parts. The tiny speedo had the biggest bulge you'd ever seen. Around his waist was his belt containing all the gadgets he might need including a note pad, flash light and Taser.

The shorter guard was an African-American woman I estimated to be in her late thirties. She had the same-colored vest as her male counterpart, but her vest was completely open in front. She hadn't bothered to zip it up so the front halves just rested at her sides. She had a little bit of belly but nothing extreme. In fact it was barely noticeable due to the size of her breasts. They might have been the largest boobs I've ever seen in my life. Gravity was having its way with them, sure, but they were a force to be reckoned with. Even Fiona's eyes got wide at the sight of them. The female guard also the same utility belt as the man, but neglected completely to bother wearing anything down below. She was completely bottomless and even sported a completely smooth and bare pussy.

The male security guard spoke. "Okay you two. You're coming with us."

Fiona and I gulped and looked at each other. What were we in for now?

