Ginny's adventure. By Lady Grey 

Ginny couldn't remember when she had realised that life was passing her
by; it just seemed to have come over her suddenly. One day she was a 
happy contented young woman, well maybe not so young at 33, but she was 
happy and contented at least she had been, until now. 

Maybe it was Greg her husband who she had been happily married to for
the last twelve years, after they had met up at university. Greg had 
been the one love of her life and still was, but suddenly it seemed 
that things were different. It was not that she did not love him. Their 
love was as strong as it had always been. Or was it? 

It was just something that she had noticed, the excitement was missing
from their marriage. It wasn't the sex, that was still good, and Greg 
satisfied her lust completely. He had always been good under the 
covers. But that was the point now, it was always under the covers. 

She uses to love the thrill she got from undressing in front of him,
when they first met and in the early years of their marriage. She loved 
it even more when he had undressed her. She had loved the sensation as 
her body was slowly revealed to him, but these days when she undressed 
for bed he would lay there and read the sports page. 

Actually Greg had been one of the very few men she had ever undressed in
front of apart from her doctor. 

Ginny had graduated from university with an honours degree, she had
secured a good position with a multinational company and over the years 
she had risen to the position of chief assistant to the financial 
director. 

It was due to her position with the company that she was still at her
desk at nine in the evening. The problem was it was the year-end in a 
couple of weeks and there had been some problem with the years 
accounts. Ginny had offered to stop over that first night with her 
secretary Avril to try to sort things out. 

She had only about another hours or so work to do, so she sent Avril her
secretary home. She had just been to the coffee machine and as she sat 
sipping the hot sweet liquid when she first noticed the brightly-lit 
office in the building opposite. 

It wasn't just the office that she noticed it was the good looking,
smartly dressed man who was sat with his feet up on the desk talking on 
the telephone. He looked like an executive and his plush office 
reflected his position. 

She was a little embarrassed when she realise he was also looking in her
direction, and she felt a bit like a peeping tom who had just been 
discovered when he waved and smiled at her. She crossed over to the 
window and quickly pulled the blinds across, but not enough to hide the 
view completely and as she finished up her work she could help glancing 
in his direction from time to time. 

When she finally got home that night she could not get the picture of
the man in the lighted office out of her mind even when she was in bed 
and Greg was making love to her. 

The following night she felt a little disappointed when she noticed the
office opposite was in darkness, she had almost finished her work and 
was about to leave when she noticed the light go on. She watched with 
interest as the guy walked over to his desk and removed his jacket 
hanging it carefully on a hanger behind the door. 

She saw him as he looked over at her window and he gave a little wave in
her direction. He went over and sat behind his desk and she saw him 
begin writing on a pad. She was suddenly startled as her fax machine 
began to work. She walked round and looked at the message. Hello 
beautiful lady what's your name? It read. She tore it off and walked 
back to the window reading it. He smiled and raised his thumb. 

She returned to her desk and pulling out her own pad, she wrote, Sorry
no names. She placed it in the machine and watched as he tore of the 
message read it and smiled across at her. 
She saw him writing again and waited with interest to see what happened
next, the machine buzzed and paper emerged. If we aren't going to 
exchange names how about a little game, are you up to a little game?  
She wondered where this was going but she was becoming fascinated. 
Across the next sheet of paper she wrote one word, depends!! And placed 
it in the machine. 

She saw him read the note and instantly he began to write, smiling as he
did so. As the paper slowly rolled out she stared a little shocked by 
the words on the paper. How about it if I asked you to remove your 
blouse for me. 

She could feel herself getting warm as she read the paper; this guy was
asking her to display herself to him. Although she was shocked by his 
request the thought excited her; she realised she had not had a feeling 
like this for a long time. 

A little voice in the back of her mind was telling her to back off but
the warm feeling that was growing between her thighs was telling her 
other things, about things she had been missing for years. 

She got up from her desk and walked over to the large window she could
see the guy looking in her direction. Slowly and with mounting 
excitement she began to unbutton her blouse. 

With the last button undone she eased the blouse off her shoulders and
stood there displaying her skimpy white lace bra to the watcher in the 
next building. She couldn't believe how she was now feeling it was just 
like the old days and it felt wonderful. 

Just then her mood was broken by the phone ringing, was it him she
wondered he had found out her fax number had he also found out her 
telephone number. She picked up the phone and was shocked to hear 
Greg's voice. She quickly pulled her blouse together. Her mood quickly 
ebbed away, "I was wondering when you were coming home," he said, "it's 
getting late". 

She leaned over and flicked the blinds closed, "I'm just about done,"
she said Should be no longer than half an hour." 

By the time she arrived home Greg had a meal on the table for her. As
she ate her mind was far away, she wondered just how far she would have 
gone, she sighed to herself. Greg looked up from his plate, "you OK 
darling?" he asked. 



Part 2 "Might be late home tonight," Greg informed her the following
morning as they sat eating breakfast. "I'm going down to the lanes for 
a game of bowling with the lads and a few beers after work." Ginny 
shrugged, "that's OK, darling," she said "I'll probably have to work 
late again." 

Inwardly she was excited at the thought, she wondered if her watcher
would be there again tonight and if so just how far things might go, 
with there being no chance of an interruption from Greg this time. 

She couldn't wait for all the staff to leave that evening and she told
Avril that she could also leave. After everyone had gone she locked her 
office door. Looking through the window she was more than a little 
disappointed to find there was no light in the office across the way. 

She shrugged "serves you right" she thought to herself and got down to
some paper work, it was close to seven o'clock when her fax machine 
starting up suddenly disturbed her. She glanced out of the window and 
saw a dim light was now illuminated the office across the way. 

With trembling fingers she tore off the sheet of fax roll and read it,
are we going to continue our little adventure? It said. She smiled to 
her self and she felt the excitement begin to build up. 

Were where we? She wrote and slipped it back in the machine. Moments
later the fax began to work again. Well it was just beginning to get 
interesting when you pulled the plug. I do hope that's not going to 
happen again tonight. 

Ginny knew what he wanted and she knew what she wanted, she wanted to
again feel that excitement of stripping in front of a man. But could 
she do it, she was a happily married woman with a husband who loved 
her. She had a responsible, highly respectable job and she was in her 
office. 

Across the way in the dimly lit office her watcher was waiting, he too
was now feeling the excitement, he saw Ginny rise from her desk and 
walk slowly towards the window.  He picked up a small pair of 
high-powered binoculars that were lying on the desk and began to focus 
them on the brightly-lit window of the building opposite. 

Ginny stood in front of the window, she looked around she was excited
about what she was about to do but she did have one small concern. She 
was going to do what she was about to do not only for her own pleasure 
but also for the pleasure of the stranger who was watching from the 
dimly lit office opposite. But has she stood there and scanned the 
building she wondered if there were any other watchers. Could there be 
other people about to be given the pleasure of watching her undress. 
She shivered with excitement at the thought. 

She stood in front of the large window and began to unbutton her blouse;
she couldn't really believe what she was doing. Here she was a highly 
paid executive, with a loving husband at home about to strip in front 
of a window, in front of god knows who might be watching her. 

She finished undoing the buttons; she eased the blouse out of her skirt
and undid the small buttons on the cuffs. Then she slipped the blouse 
off and placed it behind her on her desk. She stood there for a moment, 
she could see a reflection of herself in the large window. She noticed 
how her dark red Janet Reger bra stood out against the whiteness of her 
flesh. She toyed with her hands not sure what to do with them, she did 
not want to proceed to quickly, she wanted to prolong the experience as 
long as possible. 

Across the way the watcher smiled to himself, he really believed she was
going to go all the way this time. His hand moved down to the growing 
protrusion in his pants he squeezed himself gently with one hand while 
he steadied the binoculars with the other, he did not want to miss any 
moment of this. 

Ginny felt for the catch on the side of her dark business skirt she
flicked it open and eased down the zip, she could feel her whole body 
was now trembling, was it the fear she was feeling or was it the 
excitement. She slowly pushed the skirt over her hips. The watcher saw 
the dark red waistband of her matching knickers come into view. Then 
suddenly the skirt fell to the floor. 

She bent over and retrieved the skirt, folding it and placing it with
her blouse. She was tingling with excitement feeling the feelings she 
had not experienced for many years. Oh how she wished the watcher was 
here in her office and not staring at her from a distance. 

She could feel that her inner feelings had built up, her breathing was
more pronounced her whole body seemed hot, she could feel the warm 
wetness in her pussy and she could feel it making her expensive knickers 
damp between her thighs. 

The watcher looked at the vision of loveliness standing in the window
fifty meters away now wearing only her deep red bra and knickers, 
through his binoculars he could easily pick out the lace inserts that 
enhanced the pale skin beneath them. Her long shapely legs were encased 
in long dark hold-ups with wide lacy bands caressing her pale thighs. 
He could just see the black patient high heels on her feet. His already 
erect cock was now pressing uncomfortably against the restraints of his 
pants. He eased down his zip, it sprung out, he gripped it in his hand 
it was rock hard, he groaned as her ran his hand along its length. 

Ginny knew that the moment had come, this was the last chance to stop.
If she continued past this point there was no going back. She shivered 
as she reached between her breasts; she could feel her erect nipples 
pressing against the material of her bra. The clasp gave way, but her 
bra remained in place, she took the edge of the cups in her fingers and 
slowly peeled them away. She could feel the coolness of the air 
conditioning waft across her exposed breasts; she closed her eyes 
revelling in the whole experience. She shrugged the bra off her 
shoulders, she caught it as it fell away and she tossed it onto her 
desk. 

She looked down at her extended nipples, she was surprised to see just
how big they were, she could not resist touching them lightly she 
groaned as she toyed with them twisting them gently between her thumb 
and fingers. She cupped her breasts and kneaded them, her head rolled 
back and she whimpered at the acuteness of the exquisite pain she felt. 


Across the way the watcher was having problems keeping the glasses
focused, his hand holding the glasses was unsteady. This was due to the 
fact that now his other hand was running slowly back and forth along 
the length of his throbbing erection. He was hoping against hope that 
he could contain himself until the conclusion of her exciting 
performance. 

Ginny again noticed her reflection in the glass, her almost naked body,
now the only items marring her nakedness were her brief knickers and the 
dark stockings. She reached down and ran a finger across the cleft of 
her pussy she could now feel the wetness soaking through her knickers. 
It was years since she had known her self to be as wet as this and it 
felt wonderful. Now was the moment she had waited for, for so long, the 
moment she was to expose herself in all her naked glory to whoever was 
out there, she no longer cared. 

She hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her knickers and pushed them
down. 

The sight of her exposed pussy, her pouting damp pussy lips and the
wisps of neatly trimmed pubic hair filled his field of view. He gulped 
my god she was gorgeous. How he wished he could leap across the space 
between the buildings, throw her on the floor and bury his throbbing 
weapon in that delightful pussy. He could feel the sensation building 
up he squeezed himself rubbing himself harder, he gasped and dropped 
the binoculars has he erupted, his thick creamy fluids splashing 
against the polished mahogany of his desk and dripping onto the thick 
Axeminster carpet. 

Ginny stood there her naked body totally exposed, she couldn't believe
the thrill she was feeling her whole being tingled her nipples ached 
and her pussy was in need of urgent relief. She moved her hands down 
rubbing her fingers across the hot wet skin, she parted the lips and 
dipped her fingers into the wetness. She groaned as she contacted the 
hard bud of her clit, she rolled it against her finger and cried out at 
the wonderful sensation she felt. 

This was something new to her, yes she had played with herself before
but she had never done it with anyone watching her. Greg had asked her 
once but she had been embarrassed by his suggestion and refused, but 
now here she was doing it openly, needing to do it, needing to bring 
herself to a climax to feel the thrill of an orgasm surge through her 
body. 

The wetness from her streaming pussy ran over her hand as she worked on
herself. Her fingers thrusting in and out pressing against her excited 
clit, then she was gasping. Oh my god she could feel it building in 
her. "Yes, Yes, Yes." She screamed but no one heard her in the silent 
building. She convulsed and dropped to her knees, then she fell on to 
her side rolling herself in to a ball as at last a wonderful orgasm 
wracked her body. She kept pressing her fingers into her pussy wanting 
to prolong the wonderful sensation as long as possible. 

Slowly things subsided her body began to cool as the air conditioning
dried the perspiration covering her body, now the inevitable feeling of 
shame began to take over, what had she done, what had she allowed her 
self to do. To undress in front of the stranger had been bad enough, 
but to do what she had done had been even worse. She had actually 
masturbated in front of an open window with the whole world watching. 

She reached up and pulled the blind closed, then she fell back on the
carpeted floor, she smiled to herself she might feel a little ashamed 
she might even feel embarrassed but she had to admit to herself it had 
been fun while it lasted. 

Later after she had showered in her private bathroom and dressed again,
replacing her soiled undies with a fresh set that she always kept in 
her desk draw in case of need. She made her way down to the underground 
car park. She eased herself into the welcoming leather interior of her 
Lexus and was just about to start the engine when she noticed someone 
watching her, she gasped as she realised who it was, the watcher. 

He strolled across and she lowered the window, he smiled, "I felt I had
to come over and thank you." Ginny could feel her self reddening. He 
smiled again "Maybe you would consider taking things a little further." 
She shook her head; "sorry I have a husband at home waiting for me." 
She flicked the window switch and turned the key, she looked in the 
rear view mirror as she pulled out of the car park and saw him still 
standing there. She wondered to her self if this was this really the 
end. 
Before I meet her, my ex used to get together with a group of
friends about once a month.  This group would have 15 to 20 people
attend the party.  Some were couples but most singles about evenly
divided between men and women.

Usually the party got into games that involved someone losing their
clothes at somepoint in the evening.  This one particualar evening
they were playing truth or dare and my ex got caught in a lie by one
of her best friends..

It was decided that her friend was to come up with the punishment.
First she had my ex do a slow strip standing on a coffee table in
the center of the living room with all of the lights on and the
drapes open.  After four songs she was told to put on her shoes and
go out to the backyard and make a snow angel both on her back and
front side.

Now she was freeezing and came back to the deck to get inside.
Before letting her in the best friend turned on the spot lights
leaving her standing there bare assed naked and fully exposed in the
light.  Lots of laughs were had before she was allowed to come in.

She did get her revenge about six months later. To be told another
time.




