Eve project
by Neykid

Eve project Pt1

After her dad got all fixed up at the hospital because of his broken foot the injury he sustained while working on his farm, her dad was all worried that the work wouldn’t get done.

“Don’t worry dad I will help and take over. What do you need done?” Georgia said
“It is only a couple of days work but we have to mend all the fences collect the hay and feed all the cattle. The crew I have are a little hard to deal with so they might not take orders from you since you are a girl and all. Also some of them don’t stick around so we have to get someone new sometimes.”

“I have my ways to get what I want.” Georgia chuckled
“I guess you do darling.” Her dad laughed knowing she was going to tease the hell out of them

Her mom laughed too because she knew her daughter was a big flirt and knew how to manipulate men. She had the looks, the long blonde hair blue eyes and long legs. As well and a nice set of tits she showed off all the time. 
When they all went to bed that night Georgia’s parents talked about how their daughter and knew she would use her body to get the men to do her bidding. They had a chuckle over it because no man could resist her.

You see when Georgia was young they couldn’t keep her in clothes. She always tried to help her dad but when she got her clothes dirty off they came off right away and before long she was running around butt naked. When she got older it didn’t stop or she didn’t bother wearing clothes to save her clothes from getting dirty. 

The next morning after breakfast the crew of six men showed up for work. Then Georgia came out to greet them dressed in daisy dukes, cowboy boots, cowboy hat, plaid shirt tied in a knot showing her midriff and she was braless as well.

“Hey guys I will be in charge today because my dad is injured. So are we good.” She said as she walked passed them and got in the truck.
The guys said nothing because they were shocked at her beauty and got in the back of the truck.
Her parents laughed at the reactions of the men.
When they got out to where they needed to be the guys jumped out and Georgia got ready to get the men to work. She undid a couple of buttons on her shirt and then exited the truck.

She told the men that this stretch of fence needed to be mended. The guys were slow to start so she started unloading the materials out of the truck.
The guys just watched as they saw a lot of cleavage then one by one they helped. Eventually they started to mend the fence but then one guy got brave.

“So are you going to show us your titties.” He said as the other guy punched his arm
Georgia smiled because she knew she had him. “Maybe if you stay around and do the work.” She smirked
The shocked look on his face was priceless and Georgia chuckled.

The guys started to work a little faster and it wasn’t long before they finished that part of the fence.
“Ok guys great work now let’s head back for lunch.” Georgia said as she headed towards the truck.
As she walked back she pretended to trip and fall on her ass in some mud.

“Ah Damn it I guess these are coming off before I get in the truck.” She said as she looked at the guys
She slowly undid her shorts and slid them off while keeping her legs straight exposing her bare ass in a g-string.
The guy couldn’t help but stare as picked up her shorts and got in the truck.

“Well are you coming guys.” She shouted
That snapped them out of the day dream state and they all jumped in the truck.
Back at the house Georgia’s mom at already prepared some lunch. Her mom noticed that she was missing her shorts and gave her daughter a smile. Georgia noticed her mom had a little less clothing on as well

“So did you guys get a lot of the work done?” Her mom said 
All the guys just nodded their head yes and continued eating their lunch. After they were all done their lunch Georgia said “Well I guess it is time to get back to work.”
The without hesitation the guys got up and headed to the truck.
Her mom smiled at her daughter then said “Wow honey you have them under control.”
“Yea I do don’t I.” she smiled “ I kind of promised to let them see my tits if they get the job done.”
“You naughty girl.” Her mom smirked 

Georgia undid another button as she left her mom and headed to the truck. That same brave guy gave a wolf whistle and Georgia just smiled at him and got in the truck.
They got to another portion of a fence that needed mending and boys all piled out of the back of the truck. Georgia looked down at her shirt and undid another button and got out the truck.

The boys couldn’t help but stare at Georgia who was just in a pair of cowboy boots, a g-string and a shirt exposing more cleavage than before.
“Come on boys let’s get to work.” Georgia shouted 
They got started getting the planks of wood out of the truck and setting up to mend the fence. Georgia grabbed one end of a plank to help out but when they put it down somehow it snagged her shirt and ripped the rest of the buttons off exposing her tits.

The boys all stopped to take a look. “Well guys I guess will be exposing my tits earlier than I thought.” Georgia chuckled
Georgia could see the smiles on the guy’s faces as they continued to work. The knot on her shirt was the only thing hold it closed at the bottom but after a while she was getting hot and sweaty. She stopped for a drink of water then undid the knot on her shirt and took it off and threw it into the truck.

Now she was just in a cowboy hat, a g-string and cowboy boots to the pleasure of the guys who sometimes couldn’t concentrate because of Georgia. She knew she had a captive audience so she said “Hey boys if you finish our work today I will work naked tomorrow as we gather the hay.”
“Whoa really you would do that?” one guy said surprised 
“Yes I will so is that a deal?” Georgia with a smile
The boys all shouted “YES.”

The boys hurried about their work as Georgia decided to sit on the tail gate of the truck and relax and relish in the feeling of being practically naked with a bunch of men.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
When she was young she loved the feeling of the open air on her skin and especially when she was naked.
At one point in her late teens she thought it was time to maybe not be naked as much or if at all even though it was just her and her parents. She stayed dressed for about a week even when she helped her dad with the farm and got a little dirty. But then one day she really got really dirty so she had strip off outside and washed herself and that was when one the neighbours showed up with their boys.
Georgia’s mom was helping her wash when she noticed someone coming up the driveway.

“Honey someone is coming up the driveway.” As her mom quickly threw her a towel
Usually Georgia was just naked with her parents so this was the first time in front of a neighbour so she didn’t know what to do but just wrap the towel around her.
Then the truck pulled up and out stepped Mr Macaskill and his boys Danny and Peter.

“Well howdy neighbour.” He said as he smiled at Georgia 
“Howdy Chad, So what brings you by?” Georgia’s mom said
“I just need to talk to your husband about getting a little helping hand.”


Eve project Pt2

“Sure come on in.”
“Thanks, you boys stay out here while I talk to Nick.” Mr Macaskill said
So there stood Georgia in just a towel with Danny and Peter. They all knew each other from school and now it was summer time.

“So Georgia we kind of got a glimpse of you naked.” Danny said with a smirk on his face
Georgia didn’t know how to respond to that since it was her first time being in such a vulnerable state in the presence of someone else she knew.
So she responded in a glib manner “So you liked what you saw?”

Both the boy said “Yes we did, can we see it again?”
Her brain was going a mile a minute to figure out what to do. Should I do it? What would my parents say? Why should I let them see me naked? Who are they going to tell about it?
“Sure you can see me naked, if you do something for me.” She said 
“Ok yes what is it?” Danny said really quickly
“Finish the job in the barn for me.” Georgia said coyly
All three of them rushed over to the barn and Georgia pointed the job that needed to be done. The boys got stuck in and within fifteen minutes it was done.

“So are you going to drop the towel?” Danny said hoping she wouldn’t welch on the deal
But true to her word she took off her towel and put it on a hay bale. The boys were speechless which brought a grin to Georgia’s face. Georgia loved the feeling of being naked again and now with new eyes on her it was a bit of thrill.

Georgia showed Danny and Peter the rest of the barn and her horse.
“Have you ridden your horse naked?” Peter said
“Yes I have.” She chuckled, feeling slightly embarrassed
“Maybe we can come by again and you can show us.” Danny said with a huge grin
Then the boys heard their father calling them so they headed back. But Georgia had forgotten her towel so when she saw the look he gave her she realized she was naked in front of Mr Macaskill. She looked over at her mother and father who just smiled at her to pretend it was normal to be naked in front of anyone.

Georgia just put a smile on her face and they all said their goodbyes
When the Macaskill’s left, Georgia and her parents had a talk about her being naked. Georgia thought she was in trouble.
“Honey I am sorry I left you with those boys in just a towel.” Her mom said slightly worried
“It was ok mom; I got them to finish that job in the barn for me if I got naked. Plus they had already seen me.”
Her father laughed that his daughter got them to do that job. “We both noticed you were staying dressed all this week. How come?”

“Well dad I thought it was time to maybe not be naked as much anymore but I guess that backfired. Now that the Macaskill’s know maybe the word might get around that I am naked here.”
“Why did you think it was time to not be naked? You love being naked.” Her father said
“I don’t know maybe because I am getting older.”
“Aw honey you can be naked all you want here and as for people finding out do you think you can handle being naked in front of people besides us.” Her mom said

“I did say to Danny and Peter I would ride my horse naked the next time they come over.” Georgia smiled
“No you didn’t.” her mom laughed
“What did Mr Macaskill want?” Georgia asked
“He needs your father to help run the farm for a couple of days while he is away on business.”
“Ok maybe I can help too.”
“Maybe you could.” Her father smirked

After their little talk they had some dinner then Georgia asked if it was ok to go for a ride.
“Sure honey.” Her mom said
Georgia said thanks and then put her cowboy boots and hat and went to the barn. Her mother smiled as she watched her naked daughter bring the horse out of the barn and ride off.

Georgia really loved to ride her horse naked it gave her a sense of freeness. She came to her usual spot by a river to lie down and think about things like being naked in front of more people besides her parents. She liked the thrill of being naked in front of the Macaskills and wanted to do more of it.

The next morning, naked eating her breakfast, her father asked if she still like to lend a hand at the Macaskill farm. She thought this could be another chance to be naked somewhere else so she said an enthusiastic “YES.”

Her father got the truck ready as she finished her breakfast then she put on her boots and cowboy hat and went outside. Her father took one look and said “Are you sure you want to go like that because it is one thing to go naked on your own property but someone else’s?” 
“They have already seen me so why not.” Georgia said with a smirk

“Ok just so you are aware other people might be there and Mrs Macaskill is still there.”
“Yeah ok maybe I will put on a shirt and some shorts.”
When they got to the Macaskill farm they were met by Mrs Macaskill.
“Thanks so much for coming over to help and it is great to see Georgia too.”
“No worries Ellie.”
“Come on in for a minute or so for a cup of coffee before we start.”

Georgia and her dad got out of the truck and followed Ellie into the house.
They chatted about what needs to get done then Ellie said “So what’s this I hear you were naked when my boys were over to your place.”
Georgia and her dad froze and didn’t know what to say. Then Ellie burst into laughter “It’s all good , hey I also heard you like to ride your horse naked too. A girl as beautiful as you should show it off.”

Georgia and her dad were now stunned it would be ok.
“So I can get naked right now?”
“Sure you can it is only your father and me that are here. Treat this place as your own.”
Georgia looked at her dad for a sign and saw a smile so she took off her shirt and shorts. She felt awkward at first but once they began to get set up to work it was like she was home.

Ellie watched Georgia through the window and smiled and wished she had to courage to go about naked in front of people. Ellie was a private nudist she only did it while nobody was around and only in the house in case she would get caught.
“Hey Ellie I need to go back to my place to get something.” Georgia’s father said
“Ok I will see you in a bit.” Ellie said
Ellie brought Georgia back in the house for a little chat while her father was away.
“So Georgia what’s it like being naked in front of my husband and sons” Ellie said trying to figure Georgia out 


Eve project Pt3

With a quizzical look said “It was rather thrilling and I was going to come over here naked at first but my dad talked me out of it.”
“I wish I had the courage to get naked like you.”
“Well I have been getting naked since I was young so I guess it was inevitable I would get caught. So you want to get naked too?”

“Maybe I don’t know.” Said Ellie while blushing
Then Georgia’s dad returned. “There’s my dad. “She said as she got up and went outside
Ellie went back to watching Georgia through the window then her hands unbuttoned her blouse and slipped it off, she then took off her bra and put it on the counter and started caressing herself as she looked at Georgia wishing she was outside naked with them.

As Ellie continued to stand there topless she heard a noise behind her. She turned around to see the her husband and two sons.
She was at a loss for words as she stood there frozen on the spot with her arms covering her breast.
“Well honey what’s going on her? Why are you topless?” Her husband said sternly
“I I I don’t know I mean I I do but Georgia is here naked and uh uh please don’t be mad.” Ellie stuttered
All three of them went over to the window and saw that Georgia was totally naked working away.

“I am guessing you want to be naked too?”
Ellie hung her head in embarrassment and said “Yes.”
Danny and Peter stood in shock as their dad ordered their mom to strip. Ellie slowly pull her jeans and then pause for the while before she pulled down her panties.
“So honey, this is what you want, to run around like the Williams kid?”

Ellie just nodded her head yes. She had finally been caught and so gave in to her husband Chad’s orders. Danny and Peter still stood there in shock.
Ellie stood there with her head down because she couldn’t look at her husband but especially her sons in the eye. She was dying with embarrassment standing totally naked in her kitchen.

“It looks like Nick and Georgia need some refreshments. Why don’t you go and give them some.”
Ellie started to reach for her clothes when her husband said “No as you are.”
Ellie got even more nervous and began to shake. Her wish was now becoming a reality.
Chad ordered the boys upstairs and he sat at the kitchen table to watch Ellie making the refreshments.

“So Ellie, getting naked has been your thing for a while hasn’t it?” Chad smirked
“How did you know.” She said as she got all embarrassed again
“I saw you one day through the window when I came home early so I got back in my truck and drove away and came back my usual time. Then I saw you a few more times after that but this time since I thought Georgia would show up naked to help her dad so it was a perfect time to really catch you out. So how does it feel to be naked now?”

“I am so nervous it is not funny, look I am shaking like a leaf.”
“So I am going to watching you from the window as you go outside to give them their refreshments.”

Ellie tried to calm herself but nothing was working. The tray she was carrying was shaking so much she almost spilled it as she took her first few steps outside. When she got closer to Nick and Georgia all she saw were smiles from them which calmed her down quite a bit.

“So I got you some refreshments.” She said nervously
“Wow Ellie looking good.” Nick and Georgia said
“You don’t mind me being naked, what am I saying of course you don’t.”
“I hope you get naked more often.” Georgia said with a smile
“I might just do that.” Ellie said with a nervous smile
Ellie put the tray down and said “See you in a little while.” And walked back towards the house

The boys watched all this from their bedroom window and couldn’t believe their eyes. When Ellie got back to the kitchen Chad was sat there at the table with a smile a mile wide.
“So honey this naked thing do you think could do more of it.”
Ellie had to think for a second before she said yes to his question. She had a feeling she was going to get her to do more of it whether she liked it or not.
“Yes.” She said in a quiet voice
“Good.” He said as he got up from the table and went upstairs to talk to the boys

Ellie plunked herself down at the table and put her head in her hands. She couldn’t believe what had just happened and was so embarrassed to the point of dying. Her son’s and Nick had seen her naked but then she thought of Georgia being the only one that knew what it was like to be naked. Maybe she could befriend her she thought to help her with what her husband might get her to do.

Ellie got up and went over to get a drink a real drink to calm her nerves. She looked out the kitchen window to watch Georgia toil away then she looked down at her clothes. She had no urge to cover up, her secret is out but could she live with the embarrassment. Then she heard her son’s come into the kitchen and she got embarrassed again. For a split second she thought of quickly putting on her clothes back on but it was too late they had already saw her again.

“Sorry boys for being naked in front of you. I tried to keep it private and be naked while no one was here but you caught me.” Ellie said with a nervous laugh
“Dad was saying you will be naked from now on.” Danny said
“If that is what he wants. Are you guys ok with it?” Ellie said thinking she couldn’t believe she was asking such a question from her sons

“I don’t know mom but for now it is ok.” Said Peter while Danny nodded his head
“If our friends come over I think you should cover up.” Said Danny 
“Ok that is fair.” Ellie said
“Ok mom we are going outside to see Georgia.” The boys said
Now Ellie was left alone naked in her kitchen again. Ellie watched Georgia’s reaction to see her boys and she was happy to see them. She wasn’t nervous or embarrassed to be naked in front of them.

Then Chad came up behind her and cupped her breast and kissed her neck.
“Wow honey you really do like being naked.” He said as he tweaked her already rock hard nipples
Ellie let out a sigh then Chad pulled down his pants and took his wife from behind. Ellie had to stifle a loud moan while trying to keep an eye on her boys, Nick and Georgia.
When they finished Ellie’s knees were weak and she had cum multiple times. That had been the best sex they had in ages.

“Go get cleaned up honey then come back so we can talk things over with Nick and Georgia.”
Ellie in her afterglow agreed a struggled to get up the stairs and into the shower. While in the shower she couldn’t get it out of her mind that she had been caught and totally embarrassed in front of her family. She dried herself off and stepped out of the bathroom and she could hear everyone downstairs laughing and talking. She got really nervous again as she made her way downstairs and the closer she got to the kitchen her stomach was really full of butterflies.

When she stepped into the kitchen everyone stopped talking. 
“Umm ahhh I guess my secret is out now.” Ellie nervously laughed
“It’s ok honey we were just talking about what you are going to do now while naked.” Her husband laughed


Eve project Pt4

Ellie got really embarrassed about how she was going to get exposed. Then she looked at Georgia and saw her standing there in all her glory with a big smile but still felt like she was the only one naked. It turned out Nick and Chad was in on getting Ellie and had planned the whole thing.

Ellie didn’t know whether to get mad or thank them. She was torn , it was a cruel prank for her husband to expose her like this but also felt relief that now she was free to get naked when she wanted.
Nick, Chad and Ellie had a drink while the kids had their soda. Danny,Peter and Georgia went outside while their parents talked.

“So how is this all going to work then with you two running around naked?” Nick said
“Guess if they are allowed to get naked on either of our properties it is fine I guess.” Chad said
“Just call ahead if we have company over.” Nick said
“I agree.” Ellie said “But is it going to be ok with Mary.”

Nick looked over at Georgia and she kind of shrugged her shoulders. “ Well I guess we have to talk to Mary.”
“Ok lets go.” Georgia said
“What now?” Ellie said really hesitant 
“Might as well get it over with.” Chad said winking at his wife
“I guess so.” Ellie said quietly

They got in their trucks and went over to see Mary.
Mary watched as they got out of the truck and astonished to see Ellie naked. When they walked into the house Mary greeted everyone then “So what is all this then with Ellie now naked?”
“We caught her naked and found out she too like being naked.” Chad said
Mary looked over at Ellie to see if this was true or not but she could read her.
“Does this mean that I have to get naked then too?” Mary said sarcastically 
Nick and Georgia’s eyes lit up at the idea. Mary saw their faces and immediately said “No no no way.”

“Please mom, we can do it together.” Georgia said with a big grin
“Are you kidding me?” Mary said as she looked at Nick and Georgia with their puppy dog eyes
“Are you fine with this Nick, Chad seeing me naked?”
“Yes I am fine with it.” Nick said with a cheesy grin 
Mary always liked Georgia’s free spirit so she slowly began to strip but it was only Chad she was worried about seeing her. Eventually she was naked then said “Are you happy now.” And stormed off to get back to what she was doing.

Georgia followed so she could talk with her. While Chad and Ellie returned home
“Mom it is ok, it is awesome being naked, come on let go for a ride.” Georgia said hoping her mother would say yes
“Fine if I don’t like it I am keeping my clothes on.”
“Deal.” Said Georgia as she gave her a hug
Nick watched his wife and daughter ride off naked.

As she rode behind Georgia she was beginning to see why she liked it so much. They got to Georgia’s favourite spot and lay on the grass and while they both looked up at the sky Georgia asked “So mom, how do you like it so far?”
There was a minute silence before Mary started to speak.
“Why didn’t I do this sooner, naked is awesome.” Mary said with excitement

Georgia rolled over and gave her mom a hug.
From then on Mary stayed naked most of the time. Only when she went off the farm did she cover up. 
The first time Danny and Peter came over Mary almost had a heart attack. She had left the door open so the boys walked on in to the kitchen and saw her bending over getting something out of the fridge.
The boys took the whole sight in of Georgia’s mom naked. When Mary stood up she saw them and jumped out of her skin.

“Hey Danny, hey Peter are you here for breakfast.” Mary said with a sound of nervousness in her voice.
Because they were the shy type the boys nodded their head yes.
Mary coughed “ummm here have a seat Georgia will be down in a minute.”
Oh my god I am naked in front of the boys she thought as she returned to making breakfast.
She knew Danny and Peter were staring right at her and so kept busy cutting up the cheese for an omelet. She was wishing Georgia would hurry up and come down to take the boys focus off of her. While she was beating the eggs the realization she was having a thrill being naked in front of the boys so she offered them a drink.

The boys said “Coffee please Mrs Williams.”
Mary grabbed two coffee cups and set them down next to them giving the boys their first frontal view of her. She noticed her nipples getting rock hard with all the excitement as she turned around to get the glass carafe and poured them their coffee.

A simple thing turned into the most difficult just because she was naked. She had to concentrate hard so she didn’t spill the coffee. Then Georgia came down and Mary felt somewhat of a relief that the attention was off of her. Now she really understood the thrill of getting naked in front of others and she liked it.

“So what are you guys up to today?”
“As promised mom we are going riding.” Georgia smiled
“Well, have a good time, you here.”
Mary went about her business feeding the animals and cleaning up after them while naked like she did the last three days and she had been really enjoying it.
Georgia in the meantime was riding in front of them with her ass raised up to give the boys a show. She knew she had them wrapped around her little finger. 

When Nick came in for lunch and saw his wife still naked it brought a smile to his face.
“Hey honey do you want to come to the post office with me.”
“Sure, let me get dressed.”
“No no come as you are.” Nick smirked
“Are you kidding me?” Mary said a little annoyed 
“No, it will be a thrill.”
Against her better judgement she agreed and left with her husband. Mary had only been naked at home so this was all new for her.

When they got to the post office Nick said “Ok honey do you want to get the parcel for me.”
Mary gave him a stare that could kill but he didn’t flinch. She gave him one more look “You know that perv in there has always wanted to see me naked.”
“Yes I know I told him I would bring you around since he heard you have been naked a lot lately.” Nick chuckled
“Fine I am only doing this once so he better take all this in while I am there.” Mary said as she waved over her body


Eve project Pt5

Mary begrudgingly got out of the car and walked into the post office. The bell on the door announced her arrival.
Mr Crawford’s looked up to see who it was and his jaw dropped to the floor. Mary could see the lust in his eyes as she got closer to the counter.

“I am here to pick up a parcel.” Mary said in an angry manner
“What parcel would that be?” He said with a grin
“Quit stalling and get me my parcel.” Mary almost shouted 
“Well let me take a look at you first. Give us a spin.”
“Fine.” Mary said as she spun around
“Whoa not so fast, slowly please.”
Mary knew he was going to be like this so she said “OK I will do it slowly.”

Mr Crawford took in every inch of her as she turned around. “Oh can I take a picture of you too.”
Mary was about to blow her top but she said “This is it take your picture because this is the last time I am naked in front of you.”

He got out his phone and came out from behind the counter and asked her to pose. She did then he quickly went behind the counter and I got her parcel. She quickly grabbed it and rushed out the door.
Once in the truck she got mad at Nick “Why did you make me do that? He is such a perv.”
Nick chuckled and said “Open up the parcel.”
“What is in this box?” 

Mary quickly opened it and all she found was a coupon for a haircut at the barbers. Mary was puzzled and said “I don’t get it why the coupon.”
Nick laughed again and said “It is a coupon to get your hair on your pussy trimmed by Jim the Barber.”
Mary sat there in disbelief that her husband had planned this whole thing to expose her in public but to people they knew.

“You are getting a kick out of this aren’t you? Having me naked all the time at home and now this well let’s go and get this over with and I will really spread my legs wide for him too. I hope this makes you happy?”
Mary was quietly fuming inside as they made their way to the barbers and Nick kept glancing over at her and smiling.

When they arrived He said “Well honey are you ready?”
Mary was having a change heart and the nerves were getting the better of her. She looked down at her bush and the thought of Jim having his face down there trimming her hair was unsettling to say the least.
“Let’s go the coupon is only good for one day.” Nick said as he smiled at his naked wife

He got out and went to her side of the truck and opened the door. “Come on honey, it will be fun.”
He grabbed her hand and she followed him. Her knees began to get weak as walked into Jim’s place.
“Wow Mary glad to see you have a seat.” Jim said as he locked the door and pulled the blind down
Mary was glad to be sitting down since she was getting kind of light headed.

“So let’s take a looked at this beautiful thing.”
Mary was on autopilot and just spread her legs a wide as she could on the barbers chair.
Jim moved his fingers through her pubic hair and over her lips and Mary shuttered for a second.
Jim then busied himself getting things ready to shave and trim Mary’s pussy while Mary just sat there with her legs apart.

“Are you ok honey?” Nick said as he put his hand on her shoulder then slid it down to cup her breast
Mary felt like she was out of her body and didn’t say a thing. Then she heard the sound of the clippers and feeling Jim's hand again. The first swipe of the clippers sent shivers up her body then there was another and within thirty seconds Mary let out a scream as her orgasm came over.

Jim and Nick looked at Mary and they each acknowledged how hot that was that Mary just had an orgasm. Jim finally got the excess pubic hair off and then got ready to lather her up with shaving cream.
Jim then trimmed out the landing strip first then worked on her labia. Mary started heavy breathing again then let out another scream as she came again. Jim then put his thumb on her clit as he continued shaving which sent her into another orgasm. Jim eventually finished then toweled her off and then stood there and admired his work.

“Thanks Nick for letting me do this.”
“Thank you for doing it.” Nick as he shook Jim’s hand
“I guess we better get her out of here now.” Nick as he tried to get Mary up
But Mary’s legs were rubber and she couldn’t stand up. She had never had such intense orgasms before so she couldn’t get her legs to work.

“I guess you have to carry me out of here.” Mary laughed
So Jim and Nick got on each side of Mary and she put her arms over their shoulders. They each grabbed a leg and with the other hand grabbed an ass cheek. They lifted her and Nick fumbled around trying to open the door then they got outside.

“Hey Jim I you have to hold her while I get my keys and open the truck door.”
As soon as Nick let go Jim tried his best to hold her up. He ended up having his arms under her and his hands hold her breast. Then they realized a few people gathered around to see what was happening.

It wasn’t Nicks plan to have any more people see Mary naked especially ones that knew her but it was too late.
Now there were ten people gathered around trying to ask question as to what was going on. It kind of snapped Mary out of her haze and she got some feeling back in her legs.
“Hey Jim you can let go now.” Mary laughed as he was kind of crushing her breast

Mary stood up but had to lean against the truck. “Hey ladies, it is not what it looks like.” Mary said then realized it was what it looked like.
“Why are you naked and being carried by these two? Are you sick or something?” One lady said

Jim and Nick just stood there frozen and said nothing. Mary recognized her from church so had to come up with some excuse that was innocent and nonsexual.
“I fainted so these two in their ineptness thought it was a good idea to strip me naked to help me come too. Then that didn’t work so tried to carry me out to the truck to get me to the hospital.”

Mary looked at her to see if she bought her line of Bullshit. 
“Well then are you ok or do you need something like water or something eat? Having you been eating enough that may have caused you to faint? We are just meeting up with the pastor at the diner come on let’s get you some food in you.”
“No I am alright now it is fine.” Mary said thinking that this was going in a direction she didn’t want it to go
“Nonsense, You are coming with me to the diner. Now where are your clothes?”

Mary was starting to panic she hadn’t got her leg working normally yet so could walk away from them. Jim and Nick were no help at all they were just smiling away watching were this was going to go.
“These two idiots actually cut my clothes off so I have none but I will ok in a minute or so.”
“Aw no matter you are coming with us.” The lady said as she grabbed around her the waist and her friend did the same


Eve project Pt6

In her head she was screaming and she was also shooting evil looks at her husband and Jim as she got helped to walk to the diner. Jim and Nick had to tag along to see what was going to happen and to them this was working out better than they had planned.

Mary and the two ladies were first through the door of the diner. Every head turned to look at the naked woman coming into the diner. Mary looked around the diner and knew several people there and got really embarrassed. She couldn’t cover up with her hands because the two ladies had her arms so everyone was getting a good look. She could do nothing but go along with the charade.
The ladies set Mary down in the booth beside the pastor.

“What in god’s name is going on here Mrs Williams?” The pastor said in a shocked manner
The ladies that carried her in told the pastor the story. The pastor looked puzzled and then he spot Nick and Jim at the entrance of the diner.

Nick panicked thinking he needed to do something so he ran up to the pastor and said “Sorry pastor I am not too smart when it comes to first aid and all but I had to do something so now here we are. Mary like the ladies said needs some food and some water to get back to normal.”
While he waited for the pastor to respond he quickly glanced at Mary to see if she was ok. She gave him the Oh my god get me out of here look.

“Well then let’s get her some food.”
Sandra the waitress was one of Mary’s friends and they both gave each other looks while she was taking peoples orders. This couldn’t get any worse I am sitting naked in front of a man of god. Jim and Nick sat at the counter got some coffee and Mary could see Sandra talking to them. He is telling her everything she thought.

Sandra brought over the food for the table and she gave her call me sign. Mary wasn’t that hungry but at some of it while she thought of what to tell Sandra. I am never going to live this down; people are going to be talking about this for a long time.

“You seem rather comfortable sitting there naked have you done this before?” The pastor asked
Mary’s brain went into over load to try and come up with a response. “What, being naked in a diner, hell no.” Mary laughed “oops I mean no.”
The pastor laughed “I mean you have not asked for anything with which to cover up. You are sitting there like it was normal.”

Oh god no, I am done, I can’t tell him I like being naked and I just had Jim shave my pussy. Or do I actually confess so I can get out of here with some dignity left. She thought
She took another bite of her food and chewed it to give herself a little more time to think. She had a feeling he was very perceptive so said “Can I confess.”

“Sure you can but only in the church. After we eat we can walk the four blocks to the church. Is that ok with you?”
Mary almost about to break down and confess right there but she said “Yes it is ok.”

When they finished the pastor and Mary got up and walked out of the diner to everyone’s astonishment. Mary shot her husband a look as they passed to stay in the diner.
Mary felt really weird walking naked with the pastor in the middle of the town. You could see some of the people wanted to honk and whistle at Mary but the pastor was right there. Another person she knew saw her naked when she was a block away from the church and thought, oh god not another one I have to explain why I am naked and why with the pastor. This day was getting better and better for Mary.

Once inside Mary felt really weird and out of place being naked in a church. It was almost sacrilege being naked in god’s house she thought.
They both stepped into the confessional booth.
“How may I help you my child.”
Sitting there naked as the day she was born spoke “Please forgive me father for I have sinned.”
“What is your sin my child.”

“It kind of started with my daughter Georgia. She liked going naked as a kid and as she got older continued to do so. We tried to keep private but now it is out and other people know. The other day my daughter convinced me to get naked too and so I did. I have been naked for three day now but this morning Danny and Peter saw me naked in my own house. I was making breakfast so I offered them some as coffee to drink. I poured them coffee wishing Georgia would get downstairs right away. She came down naked and as she promised went riding with the boys naked. Then my husband came home and got me to go to the post office naked to pick up a parcel and then to the Jim's to get my pussy shaved and that is why I am here now naked in your church.”

“Do you like being naked because I get a sense you do?”
“Ummm ha ha yes I do. Is that bad?” Mary said hoping it wasn’t and she would feel better about herself
There was a long pause then he said” Well Adam and Eve were naked for a while so I guess isn’t that bad.”
Mary laughed at that and said “So would it be ok if I am still naked?”

“If I put in a good word for you I am sure it would be ok. But I am not promising anything.”
“Also my daughter convinced Ellie to also get naked too so that makes three women in our town who like to get naked.”
“Oh my I will have to see all three of you and talk things over.” The pastor said smiling to himself
“So is confession over then.”
“Yes my dear.”

Mary walked out of the booth, out of the church and made her way back to the diner. She felt free being naked now after the confession. It was like a weight had been lifted off. She walked into the diner proud to be naked. Jim and Nick rushed up to her and walked her back to the truck.
“So what did the pastor about you being naked?” Nick said
“Are we getting in the truck or do you want to talk here?” Mary said with a grin
“Oh sorry honey, get in the truck.”
“Well Jim thanks for shaving my pussy.” Mary said as she kissed him
“Any time you want to come back for another trim you are welcome.” Jim said as he smiled

On the way home Mary told him what she told the pastor. Nick could believe how the day went.
“I am sorry I was only having a little fun I didn’t know all that was going to happen.”
“It’s ok honey it kind of worked out. Drop me off at Ellie’s I have to tell her that the pastor wants a talk with all three of us.”
“Ok honey.” Nick said with a smile on his face thinking that this day couldn’t have gone better if he planned it.
Nick dropped Mary off and she walked right up to Ellie’s house like it was normal for her to be naked and knocked on the door.

Danny answered the door and stood there in awe at the naked Mrs Williams. 
“Can I speak to your mom Danny?”
“Oh umm yea sure.” He said as he gave his head a shake and walked back in the house to get his mom
Ellie came to the door naked and Mary gave her a smile.
“Hi Mary what’s up.”
Mary explained everything to Ellie then said “Now the pastor wants to talk to you and I and my daughter some time soon.” 
Ellie was a bit shocked but was delighted that word had got around and maybe she could go naked anywhere.


Eve project Pt7

When Georgia heard what happened to her mother she got all giddy inside so pushed the limits of her nudity the next day. She did all her usual stuff around the farm totally naked then asked her mom if she could go into town. Just by the twinkle in her eye Mary knew her daughter wanted to expose herself “But put a t-shirt on at least. “She said
Georgia ran to her bedroom and threw on a tank top which just came below her butt and it showed a lot of side boob.
“I guess that will do.” Her mom laughed
“Ok see you later mom.”

Mary watched as she walked towards the truck and exposed herself getting in. 
Georgia was getting excited of thought of her mom being totally naked in town and how she was going to go about exposing herself too.
The bumpy roads on the way into town made one of her tits get exposed so looked down and started to play with her nipple which got her all worked up.
She parked and got out to put some money in the meter. As she was about to money in the meter she dropped her coins. She scrambled around to get her coins while knowingly exposing herself on purpose. Some older folk walked by, saw her naked ass, smiled at Georgia as she stood up.

“Hey Georgia, how’s it going?” Jim smiled
“It is going great Jim.” She said thinking he saw her
“Do you need a shave like your mom? “He said grinning 
“Like my mom? Why, umm what did she get shaved.”
“You know her pussy.” He said with an even bigger grin
“I didn’t know that but I don’t need one.” Georgia said as she lifting up the front of her t-shirt flashing him
“Hey whenever you need a trim come see me.” Jim laughed
Georgia just stood there laughing at the thought of him shaving her as Jim walked away. Georgia wanted to go to the diner her mom was naked.

When she entered a few heads turned to see who it was, they were pleasant surprised to see another sort of naked woman second day in a row.
Georgia took a seat at the counter and Sandra came over right away.
“Hey Georgia I see you are basically naked like your mother was yesterday.” Sandra said with a smile
“I guess I am.” Georgia giggled
“I didn’t get a chance to talk to your mother about it so what is actually going on with you two?”
“Well if you must know we have basically become nudist.” Georgia said as she smiled

“Wow, really is that why you are sitting here with in just a t-shirt practically exposing yourself.” Sandra said pointing to one of Georgia’s tits that were fully exposed
Georgia laughed as she looked down knowing full well that one of her tits was exposed. “It’s ok, right?”
“Yea its fine.” Sandra said as she poured Georgia her coffee

Georgia looked around the diner and saw everyone smiling at her and it was making her feel awesome. She knew her ass was on display as well and it was getting her turned on. She took another sip of her coffee and used her other hand to discreetly expose her other tit.

When she finished her coffee to put down her money on the counter and thanked Sandra. When she got up from the seat her t-shirt didn’t fall down to cover her ass but stayed up around her hips exposing everything below. Georgia was on high as she walked out of diner and back to the truck. She opened the door and paused for a second then took off her t-shirt and got in the truck.

This is what she always wanted to be able to go naked anywhere. By the time she got home she got herself worked up just thinking about the possibilities.
By the time Sunday rolled around Mary got a call from the pastor to come to the church. Mary got all nervous and wondered what the he had in store.

“Honey, it is time for us to go see the pastor.” Mary called out to Georgia
Mary and Georgia jumped in the truck and head over to Ellie’s. Mary got out and knocked on the door and Danny answered again. Danny just automatically called out to his mom as he gave Mary a look over.
Ellie came to the door all excited. “Wow this is exactly happening.” She said as they headed to the truck
So three naked women in a truck headed to church on a Sunday morning, seemed sacrilegious. 
When they got there they sat in the truck thinking it over for a few minutes.

“Are we sure we want to do this, be naked in church and all.” Mary said 
Georgia and Ellie had second thoughts for a split second but both of them said “Yes we want to do this.”
Mary paused then said “Let’s go then.” As she opened the door
Mary knocked on the door and the pastor answered. He stood there in awe of three naked beauties.
“Come on in.” He said with a smile
They followed the pastor inside and then to his office.
“So I guess you are wondering why I asked you here naked.”
“You could say that.” Ellie said puzzled as to what it could be

“Since Mary was naked in town the other day and since my parishioners helped you and sat you naked at my table at the diner I got to wondering. They weren’t put off by Mary being naked and you seemed to really like the exposure. Then you told me Georgia and Ellie like being naked too. Then I heard Georgia was half naked in the diner yesterday and people seemed fine with it and that is when I came up with the EVE project.”

“The what?” Georgia said
“You know Eve as in Adam and Eve.” The pastor smiled as he looked over the three naked beauties.
“What are you trying to say? You want us to be naked all the time like Eve?” Mary said
“You got me.” The pastor laughed

“Is this legal? I know we have pushed the limits here but someone will eventually complain and then we are going to get charged.” Mary said 
“It is going to be ok isn’t chief?”
The three of them turned around quickly to see the chief of police come walking into the office. They got all nervous thinking they got tricked and now they were going to get arrested.

“Calm down girls everything is cool. There is no need to feel nervous but do give us a better look.” Chief Walker said with a huge grin
As the chef took his time looking the three of them over he said “Ok let’s go down to the station.”
“I thought everything was cool?” Mary said sternly 
“It is cool I just have to take pictures and finger prints of you three so everyone knows you are part of the Eve project. So are you coming with me? Because we have to back in time for church service” He said as he started walking towards the exit.

The three followed the chief and got into his police cruiser. The chief looked in his rear view mirror and thought this will be a day to remember, three naked beauties in the back of his cruiser. The three naked beauties were a hit at the police station while getting their pictures. The officers sat back and watched as they got pictures of them from every angle.
“Great now that is all done we can get back to church.” The chief said
They went in the back entrance again and into the pastor’s office.


Eve project Pt8

“I am glad you are back. Here’s the plan once the parishioners take their seats I will start my sermon about Adam and Eve. Then on my cue I will invite you three to come out naked in front of the congregation.”
“Are you sure they are going to except it.” Mary said still wary of being naked in front of them
“It should be fine since after the other day they brought you to me naked. Ok follow me it is time for me to greet the members.”

They followed the pastors including the Chief to the side of the stage and waited. They looked from behind the curtain to see who was showing up and started to get nervous. They had been naked since the morning but somehow about to be on display in front of the congregation was a little nerve wracking for all three of them yes even Georgia the one who started this whole thing.

They stood off stage until it was time.
“Now I will introduce these three ladies for the Eve project. Come on out Mary, Georgia and Ellie.” The pastor said after he finished his sermon of sorts.
They timidly came out on stage and heard a gasp from the congregation.

“Now my fellow Christians these ladies are proud to display themselves the way god made them.”
One old ladies who was known for her sharp tongue said” So pastor are there going to be any fellas showing their tally whacker around town as well?” She grinned 
“Maybe but for now it is ladies first since the woman’s form is more beautiful. But let me say this, this is only a voluntary thing, Mary, Georgia and Ellie like being naked. So they will be free to go naked anywhere in town isn’t that right Chief?” The pastor said as the chief walked on stage

“Yes it is right and if anyone else wants to join them come down to the police station.” The Chief said with a smile a mile wide.
“Ok folks that concludes todays sermon feel free to mingle and even ask questions of our naked ladies.”
The pastor came down from the stage and motioned to Mary, Georgia and Ellie to follow him.

Everyone crowded around the three naked ladies to say how brave they were to be naked in front of everyone. Some of Georgia’s friends from school came up to her and said they couldn’t believe she and her mother were naked, but asked if they could come over sometime.

Georgia was relieved that her friends now knew and they ask if she wanted to go to the lake with them and she said “Yes I would love to.”
Mary and Ellie felt a little more embarrassed because they were not friends as such but business associates that surrounded them to ask questions but now that they are fully exposed they slowly got over it. The congregation seem to like the idea of the Eve project.

----------------------------------------------

Now the workers were showing up to help bail the hay and hyped up about seeing Georgia completely naked. Georgia looked out the window and saw the workers showing up. 
“Invite them in for some coffee Georgia.”
“Sure thing mom.” She said as she watched her making coffee while naked.

As Georgia went out to greet the workers naked Mary was getting excited about exposing herself and serving them coffee naked. The workers saw Georgia come out of the house naked and cheered.
“Come on guys let’s have a coffee first.” She said as she turned to show her ass and walk towards the house.
Georgia quickly sat down and watched the reaction on seeing her mom naked. The looks on their faces were priceless.

“Wow Two naked honey’s serving us coffee. I ‘ve died and gone to heaven.” One guy said
The rest of the workers agreed with a big cheer.
“Ok guys, here’s your coffee.” Mary said as she turned around for the first time to give them a full frontal view 
Mary poured each of them their coffee knowing they all got a close up look at her bottom half. When they were done with coffee Georgia motioned them it was time to get to work. As they left Georgia looked at her mom knowing she got a huge thrill out of exposing herself.

Georgia was excited too and told the guys to get in the back of the truck. On the drive to the hay field even with the glass between them she heard them all talking about her and mom which made her even more excited.
When they got to the field she told them to get out of the truck. “Ok guys to get this over with here have a good look.” Said as she sat on the tail and leaned back and spread her legs.

They were speechless as they gawked at her. “Ok now that is over with how about we get to work. I will be driving the tractor as you guys toss the bails on the flat bed trailer. 
It worked like a charm they worked their asses off then it was lunch time. Mary had already had things prepared she even invited Ellie over to serve them.
“Holy another one naked, man I really like this place.” One of the workers said
One guy piped up “So are you nudist or something.”
“You could say that, we love to get naked.” Ellie said with a smile
“I got to say that it is amazing. I hope I get to work here more often.”

They finished their lunch and headed back out with naked Georgia. They finished in record time and Georgia thanked each one with a hug. She knew they would cop a feel and let them do it.
Now that the work was all done Georgia said she was heading into town. She needed a trim and headed for Jim’s. Jim’s eyes lit up as he saw a naked Georgia come into his shop. The two other guys there went silent to admire the beauty.

“Hey Jim I need a trim are you available.” Georgia said with a cheeky smile
“Have a seat right here gorgeous.”
Georgia got on the chair and spread her legs. All three guys stood in awe for a few seconds.
“Ok sorry guys ladies first.” Jim said as he left them with half a hair cut

They gathered around and watch Jim apply his trade. The first touch sent Georgia over the edge since she had a build up all day. Jim worked his magic using his fingers to spread her lips to get every hair and touched her clit once in a while to get her to shudder. She eventually climaxed and almost passed out like her mother did.
Jim and the other two guys just stood there and admired her beauty.
“Oh wow Jim that was awesome.” She said as she got up from the chair on shaky legs and hugged each of them and went on her way naked as could be.

----------------------------------------------

After a while a few more women joined the ranks of the Eve project and some just got partially naked. Jim’s place was booming from just the guys trying to get a look and watch Jim’s handy work.
Who could have known the impact of Georgia’s love for nudity 


