Without a stitch!

Growing up in Florida we did a lot of Skinny-dipping (Nude Swimming). It gives opportunities to see friends naked and chances to pull pranks. Somebody was always being nature walked. It's always more fun being the prankster. 

Once we were camping with another couple and my g/f and I heard them get up early and hear them say, "we had better do it now before they get up". We look out the tent window and they are heading up river with towels? We had a pretty good idea that some skinny-dipping was going to go on. Naked friends...Alright! 

We carefully followed them and came across them just as Joanie was testing the water. We didn't want to get any closer they would have seen us. They carefull looked around and up and down the river. They then both started to take off all their clothes, Oh man what a thrill! Dave and Joanie were very nice looking people. Escpecially dressed as they were. The river was low so they had to leave thier clothes and towels on the bank and climb down about 4 feet to the water. This was a dream come true. Both are very good looking folks. The one thing I remember the most was the great tan lines. They both were dark complected with very white privates. Joanie had a full bush that really stood out, like she was wearing a suit bottom, and her breasts were round and firm. I couldn't believe that here were our friends hopelessly naked and on display in full daylight. 

We could hear them splashing about. so We carefully snuck down and peeked out through the bushes. Because of the water level being so low, they weren't able to see us. There were Dave and Joanie, our friends skinny-dipping. They were playfully splashing and pushing each other underwater. It was obvious they were both naked. They also had no idea they had company. My G/F then says, "lets take all their clothes". WOW! I didn't know my G/F had that kinda streak in her. "OK" I was all for it. 

We carefully made our way over to where thier clothes were. Their clothes were in two piles a his and hers. His had from top to bottom, underwear, shorts, t-shirt and shoes. Hers had a bra, knickers, shorts, t-shirt and sandals. Both towels were next to the two piles of clothes. We gathered up everything, even thier shoes, leaving them without a stitch to wear. We now had our friends clothes and What a thrill knowing our friends were now hopelessly naked. 

We hurried back into the bushes where we couldn't be seen for the show. What anticipation. First David, followed closely by Joanie arrive at the top of the embankment. Both are wet and naked and of course they will remain this way. They started to look around for their clothes. It hit Joanie first, she covers herself with her hands and says, "Someone stole all our clothes". Now excuse the pun, they were very exposed. Joanie decided to wear a tree and David just stood there with his hand across his penis. There was some four letter words used over and over. 

My G/F and I headed back to camp both laughing hysterically. We waited for them to come back to camp. It was a long time before they came streakin back into camp. We had put their clothes in their tent and zipped it shut. 

Dave and Joanie came running into camp trying to cover as best they could. Dave covering his privates with both hands. Joanie had both arms covering her tits with her hands over her bush. "What happened", I asked. "Someone took all our clothes while we were swimming". "Please don't look!" Dave had to uncover to unzip the tent, what a gentleman. They both bolted in the tent and saw their clothes. "You Guys!" 

They were a bit pissed for a while but we all laughed about it. They should have invited us. 



