Nude Expectations
by MrStill

Sure it seemed simple, but could she do the job?

Could she do it? The office was less grubby than she expected. And the guy sitting behind the desk was, well, more presentable and less pervy than she expected too. Maybe this would not be too bad. With nowhere for her to sit, Jessie Constance stood facing the man in his grubby second floor office with the noise of a busy road outside the entrance door behind her and a door to who knows where behind him.

"You are comfortable in public," Terry Street noted after some polite introductions and some small talk.

Comfortable? She said nothing but thought about the bachelor parties. The latest one, on the previous weekend, was in a public bar. The groom did not mind her stripping him too, and she privately conceded that she got off on fucking him in public. And the extra hundred for fucking the best man after.

"You'll be expected to be out with the customers most of the time. Are you all right with that?" Terry Street looked serious like she might find that a problem or something. It was far from being a problem, so Jessie nodded. And so he continued. "You're the public face of the company, so we have high expectations of you."

She nodded. It seemed a bit over the top. Maybe he had been studying staff motivation. If only he'd seen her coming third in the Pussy of the Year competition at The Wild Duck. Or had he?

"As I'm sure you appreciate this is a business and anything we do with you is an investment. You and I are both here to make money." Terry Driver stared at Jessie. "I hope we understand each other?"

Jessie nodded, somewhat in a cloud.

Terry stood up and gestured to Jessie. She did not get it. "What?" she asked.

Terry smiled. "We supply the uniform. But we don't have it yet. I am trying to imagine you in it."

She stood there smiling and even twirled some strands of her long blonde hair. "Now?" she teased.

"Now," he agreed without coercion, which she liked.

Jessie chose to stretch out the moment. "Here?" she asked with innocent eyes. While she ran fingers over her prominent breasts, both of them. They were barely covered by her stretch halter top. It was clear that she had no bra on underneath.

"Here," Terry echoed with no hint of amusement or irritation. Calm like he had seen it all before. Still standing he pushed some papers on his desk towards Jessie.

"What's that?" she asked.

"It's a contract. It sets out our arrangement. If you agree to the terms in the contract and sign it, then we will pay you a competitive rate as you can see at the bottom of page two."

Jessie turned the document around and read the start of it then flipped it over to check the figure on page two. "Not very high," she suggested.

"Entry level," Terry responded looking at her breasts.

"So do I sign," she continued, "in the uniform or not in it?"

"Good question," Terry drawled. "Whichever you prefer."

Jessie turned slightly away from Terry and lifted her top over her head and dropped her skirt. She was naked. "Like this?" she asked as she turned back towards the man behind the desk. "You've got your dick out!" she exclaimed.

"Is that a problem?" Terry asked. Stunned by her beauty he started to stroke himself.

"Not at all," Jessie smiled as she regained her composure. She posed, displaying her body to the appreciative wanking man watching her as she stood her full 5'10", slightly taller than he was, flexing her long legs. Then she slowly rotated to show him her firm but shapely bottom. She imagined a ZZ Top song playing, any ZZ Top song.

"I like what I am seeing so far," Terry confirmed, one hand still working his dick which was now fully erect. Jessie let one hand wander down to her crotch. However, she refrained from copying Terry and arousing herself. It was more a case of her showing off her body for his gratification. She recalled how she had learned to do this from her camming.

"You stay on that side of the desk," Jessie ordered, "until I've signed the contract." She waved the pen threateningly at him.

"Well," Terry smiled, still stroking himself as she signed the paper. "You do know what floor walking is?"

"Of course I do!" Jessie exclaimed, glad to make a good impression.
