Big Nude On Campus
by Talusmanic

Kylie gets a lesson in the bare essentials!

The sun still had not risen when Kylie opened her eyes. She yawned, then sat up out of bed and stretched. Her tiny bedroom felt cozy enough, but sometimes she wished she had a little more space.

Kylie was in her last year of her undergrad, and she was glad that she could get out and get a real job soon enough. While she went to school on a full scholarship, she could only stretch her budget so far, renting out the loft room of a house on campus.

She was a friendly, pleasant girl, but she did not feel anything about her was special. She had a curvy body, not chubby but not exactly thin, either. She had a soft face with sleepy eyes. They were bright green and larger than most girls. Kylie was terribly naive and shy, and did not get into many of the events on campus. She had a few friends that she had gone to classes with but little more than that.

The rare friend she made outside of classes was Carter, the math major. Kylie was studying architecture, but she could never imagine someone studying math. The two of them bonded after they met at the outdoor cinema over the summer. She thought he was gorgeous, and she loved the way he would laugh at her terrible jokes.

Kylie had housework she needed to get done that morning before she could make it out to the library to study. She sat in bed and scratched her head as her eyes kept drooping closed. She was trying her best to eat right and get enough rest for a change.

She got up and threw the blankets off. She had slept in her bra and panties, having nearly collapsed when she got in late last night. Her tiny apartment consisted of her bedroom, her tiny bathroom, and a kitchenette. Kylie would typically spend time outside or in one of the student association buildings just to get some space.

Kylie got stripped off and started the shower up. She reached in to feel the water, when she looked out the door of her apartment. This door was her only entry way in, and went down a long flight of stairs up to apartment. Mrs. O'Herlihy, her landlady, was nice enough to her, but did not seem to have much concern with fixing up the place.

Kylie looked again, then noticed that a mountain bluebird had landed on the railing of the stairs. "Oh, so pretty!" Kylie crept near the door just to get a better look.

She then noticed Mrs. O'Herlihy's cat, Dummy, was making small progress up the steps, clearly trying to sneak up on the bird. "Dummy, no!" Kylie flung the door open, then kicked at the cat to shoo away. The bluebird made a strategic retreat.

Now the door mechanism of this apartment had a curious feature. Since college kids were quite careless, Mrs. O'Herlihy had a spring hooked up that would shut the door securely in order to save on heat and AC costs. The lock was also made through the door handle so that it could only be opened by key as you went in, in order to prevent some dumb kid from leaving the door unlocked. The spring worked surprisingly well, slamming the door shut behind Kylie.

Kylie, meanwhile, heard the slam and her stomach curdled. She slowly turned around to get a good look just to be sure. There was no fighting it--her fate was sealed.

Kylie had locked herself out of her own apartment, completely naked.

She did the usual denial, grabbing the knob and twisting, as if this one time the universe would just cut her a break and open magically. It was pointless. Kylie's breathing became erratic as she watched through the window helplessly, the shower still running. As much as she resented the apartment's size, she wanted more than anything to be back in there now.

Kylie put her arms up to cover her breasts, realizing that it was probably pointless as anyone could see as much as they needed to. She made her way down the wooden stairs, trying her best not to make too many squeaks. She had it all in her mind--she would just go knock on the rear door, Mrs. O'Herlihy would answer, and go get the key to let her back into her apartment. So simple.

Kylie knocked and knocked on the door forever, but there was no answer. Kylie was terrified at this point. She looked down at the shoe rack and saw a pair of sneakers. They were a little faded, but Kylie figured it was better than running around in bare feet. She tried them on, and they fit better than she had expected. She looked around the yard in vain for something she could throw on, but nothing was suitable.

Kylie did a small whine as she looked around the backyard. "Wait!" She did a small hop. "Carter lives near here." She had a copy of her key made up and gave it to Carter for just such an occasion. She got it in her mind that she could just make it to Carter's place and get him to give her some clothes.

All she had to do now was to make it across several back lots, a four-lane roadway, and up to Carter's apartment.

"Sure," Kylie said as she blew the light brown hair out of her face. "Easy."

It was still early in the morning and the sun was barely out. She figured there would be enough people still asleep that she should be able to sneak through undetected.

She ran across Mrs. O'Herlihy's yard, then poked her head out between the hedges. The coast looked clear. Kylie ran past the brush and went behind the small shed in the backyard, only to have a large golden dog run from the back of the house out to where she was hiding. Kylie gritted her teeth, thinking she would be discovered.

The dog barked at her repeatedly as Kylie did her best to stay hidden behind the shed. "No, doggy!" She wagged her foot at the dog. The dog raced back and forth, apparently thinking she wanted to play.

Kylie looked down and saw a chewed-up tennis ball. She squatted down and held it up to the dog, getting her full attention. "Oh, you like the ball? Yeah? You wanna play?"

The dog darted back and forth, her front paws out in front of her. Kylie threw the ball as best as she could, making the dog chase after it. The dog ran top speed and grabbed the ball out of the air, then ran back. She dropped the ball at Kylie's feet, smiling wildly and wagging her tail.

Kylie picked up the ball again and gave it a bounce on the ground. "Okay! Want to try again?" This time she gave it a good whip, sending it near the back of the house. The dog blitzed full speed to go and grab it again.

Kylie dash through the backyard at top speed. She prayed that the dog's owner was not watching the entire time.

Kylie hopped over the chain-link fence to make it into the next yard. This one she knew all too well--the local chapter of the Sigma Kappa Mu sorority. The yard was laid out with hedging in a square, and in the middle was a stonework path with a fountain in the middle.

Kylie looked at the fountain, then ducked down as fast as she could. She could not have thought of anyone more unpleasant to come across than Becky St. John, the sorority president. She looked like she was berating a younger student for something.

"You fucking call this cleaned out?" Becky was in the face of the girl, who was wearing her bra on the outside of her shirt. The other girl looked like a nice kid who was starting to regret her decision to be associated with the organization. "Look, it's full of slime, and...ewwww! What the fuck is this even?" Becky reached in and grabbed a handful of wet leaves, then threw them in the girl's face. "Get the fuck out of here, idiot."

The young woman looked as if she was wiping a tear away, then trudged toward the house. Becky picked up a long pole of some kind and was dunking it into the fountain, cursing to herself.

Kylie stayed ducked down, crawling along on her hands and knees. The grass felt wet and cold on her skin as she made her way along the far end of the hedges. She was able to peek under and see Becky struggling with the pole. There she was--perfect bronze skin, skinny little legs, big tits and tiny waist. There was something so beautiful and phony about her at the same time. Kylie even hated how her white shorts and pink tube top looked so great on her. Why did she need to act like such a bitch when she had so many things going for her?

Kylie was too busy trying to take a look at Becky that she clumsily broke a stick under her hand. The snap was unmistakable.

Becky stopped and looked around. "Who's that?" She turned to look near Kylie's direction. "Pledge, come out! You'll be on kitchen duty all week for spying."

Kylie froze, hoping that Becky would ignore it and go back to her chore. Instead the sound of thundering footsteps closed in on her. Kylie felt two hands grab her arm and pull her up.

"Aha!" Becky shouted. "Now you--the fuck?"

Kylie stood behind the hedge, trying in vain to cover her breasts and vulva. Her cheeks were turning red as she tried not to look Becky in the eye. She knew Becky all too well and had seen her more times than she cared to remember around the neighbourhood. She and her other genetically gifted friends would harass Kylie while she walked back home. Maybe Becky was too self-important to remember who she was.

"Well, if it isn't Kylie Fatass," Becky said with a smarmy tone. Kylie was far from fat--actually she was curvy and cute, but to Becky she probably looked like a whale. "What the fuck are you doing flashing your gross-ass body around here?"

Something inside Kylie suddenly welled up. The torment, the name-calling--it all became too much to bear. Kylie's lip went into a snarl. Maybe taking a stand would not save her, but it might give another pledge a bit of reprieve from Becky's abuse.

Kylie put her hands on her hips. "Look, bitch, I got stuck out of my house. I would ask you for help, but seeing as you're such a miserable cunt, I wouldn't even waste my time." She looked down at Becky's body. "Pfft. I bet those things were a sweet sixteen gift from your stepdaddy who wants to groom you."

Becky's mouth dropped open. "I'm fucking calling campus security and telling them that some pervert is in my backyard making an ass out of herself!"

Kylie stepped forward, nearly nose to nose with Becky. Becky looked afraid for a second. "You do that," Kylie hissed. "Actually, tell them that there are two of us!" With that, Kylie grabbed a handful of Becky's tube top, then yanked it down. Becky yelped as her breasts were suddenly exposed.

Kylie stood back and looked with disgust. They weren't so perfect after all. Becky had some noticeable scarring under her tits, and her nipples looked like they were doing the Marty Feldman. Kylie guffawed. "Wow, you got butchered!"

Becky looked down, then growled. "Fuck you!"

Becky lunged at Kylie, but Kylie reached out with both arms stiff, then gave Becky a giant shove. Becky made a few clumsy steps backward, then pitched over and dropped back into the slimy water of the fountain.

Kylie stared in disbelief with her mouth wide open as Becky emerged from the water, her perfect peroxide hair and face drenched in green goop. She had managed to get her perfectly white pants a perfect green shade now. Her fake tits were also covered in the slop. Becky got herself out of the water, holding her arms out and making tiny panting noises. She finally tilted her head back and screamed as loudly as she could manage.

Kylie took this as her cue to exit, and ran to the other side of the large yard. Becky was still screaming and now sounded like she was sobbing. "I'm gonna get you for this!" Becky was now heaving and moaning. "This is sexual assault! Fuck you!"

Kylie made it through the tall brush over to the next yard. This was the big one before she had to make it to the roadway. She looked around for something, anything, she could throw over herself to cover up. She cursed the fact that not many people hung out wash to dry these days. It was like no one knew it was good for the environment!

This corner house was pretty nice, maybe even nicer than the sorority house. The yard seemed to go on forever, and the lawn was perfectly trimmed with a few tall trees. There was an uneven crest near the back, which Kylie thought would make for a quick way to escape. It might even shield her from sight as she made way toward the roadway.

Kylie looked around, seeing no one in the windows. She made a quick sprint toward the back of the yard.

She had to stop the moment she got to the low point. There, spread out on a blanket, was an older woman on all fours. Giving her an assist was a large, dark male who looked like he worked out even in his sleep. The young stud was fucking this beautiful older creature for all he was worth from behind, and the woman was loving it.

Kylie stood in total fear, unsure of what to do. She was only slightly aware that she was standing there totally naked as well. She was mesmerized by the sight of these two fucking. She had not even allowed herself to watch pornography growing up, and now to see this happening live was blowing her mind.

Upon further inspection, Kylie recognized the svelte, older blonde woman getting fucked. "Dean Rosen??"

Dean Rosen. As in dean of the J.P. Lawton School of Architecture for Reno South University Dean Rosen. Kylie assumed that, unless the dusky gentleman had his bar mitzvah recently, it was unlikely he was Mr. Rosen. Kylie had no idea the dean lived on her street.

Dean Rosen looked and her eyes shot wide open. "Oh! What are you doing here?" She tried to pull the blanket up to cover her breasts, but her lover would not stop fucking her. In fact, having Kylie with her sweet body standing in proximity was making it all that more exciting. He picked up the pace, keeping eye contact with Kylie.

Kylie was too terrified to even try to cover up, scared that touching herself anywhere would set her off. Perspiration formed all over her.

Dean Rosen made faces as she received her thrusts from her dark hunk. "Why are you....unnnhhh...why are you here? Oh!"

"I got locked out of my house naked and I couldn't find anything to wear and I just wanted to get to my friend's house to get my key!" Kylie spat out the explanation. She looked hard to see any amount of the man's cock that she could. There was small glistening amounts of his shaft visible as he heaved and pounded into the dean.

"Oh, fuck," Dean Rosen groaned. "God, can't a woman have some fun in her own backyard? Here!" She realized the Faustian pact she had to make with Kylie, having to get rid of her own coverage just to get rid of this naked young woman. Dean Rosen got the blanket out from under her knees and balled it up, then gave it a toss. The blanket fell a few feet away from the dean and her fuck toy.

Kylie leaned down in order to pick up the blanket. Her eyes went from the dark-skinned man to Dean Rosen's face, who looked as if having Kylie there was maybe not such a bad thing. Kylie snatched the blanket, then held it to her side for just a bit. She watched as the dean's breasts swung back and forth from the fucking.

Dean Rosen looked back at her lover. "DeSean, don't look at her!" She then looked at Kylie and pushed her lips together. "Oh, fuck it, just do what you need to and hurry up! I need this."

Kylie took her sweet time wrapping the blanket around herself as she watched the dark-skinned man flexing his chest muscles. He smiled with a bright set of teeth, then went full-speed with the fucking.

"Listen," the dean panted as she braced herself. "Maybe...we just forget we saw each other, all right? No need to--OOOOH! No need to...mess things up....urghh...for each other, yes?"

Kylie nodded, then turned and walked away toward the noise-cancelling tall tress along the road. The last words she heard would haunt her for the rest of her life: "Down my throat!"

Kylie peeked from between the trees. At last, she had some decent coverage. Being seen running around in a blanket was at least manageable. Mercifully, there were no cars coming. It must have been still before seven, and on a Saturday on campus, there was likely no one around.

Kylie went up to the curb, and stopped, taking a deep breath. This day had been humiliating so far, but she somehow knew things were going to get better.

She was just bout to step off the curb when a new Camaro tore around the corner, smoke billowing out of the open window on the passenger side. Two young women were riding in the car. The car slowed down near Kylie, then the passenger leaned out.

"Nice fuckin' blanket!" The passenger grabbed onto a corner and yanked, practically spinning Kylie around like a top. The car drove off with the two occupants laughing.

Kylie stared after the car, then looked down at her naked body. "No! NO! Come on!" She was tempted to run back into Dean Rosen's yard again, but the idea of watching the dean swallowing her man's batch was sickening to her. She decided she had to run for it.

Kylie went into a sprint. The median had some trees that she could hide behind if a car should show up. She edged up beside one of the trees, then exhaled. She was nearly home free at this point.

Kylie shut her eyes and took a deep breath, then went into a sprint. Unfortunately she did not pay attention, as an electric vehicle was heading up the road at this point. Kylie froze as she was directly in the path.

The tires squealed loudly and the car stopped within several feet of Kylie. The male driver lowered his window and leaned out. "What the f--uh...wow."

His elation was soon replaced by another disruptive sound, that of a pickup ramming into his rear bumper. The truck driver was clearly agitated as he yelled out his own window, unable to see Kylie. The two drivers started to yell at each other as Kylie bolted for the next yard.

Carter's house was only one yard away, and Kylie's nerves were jangled at this point. She was smelly enough from not getting her shower, and the sweat was not helping matters. She peeked around, seeing no one. No sounds of crazy sorority bitches or yelping dogs or deans fucking. She sighed a relief.

This backyard had a large-sized pool, which Kylie snuck around to try to make a quick path out of there. She froze when she saw the wooden post, holding up one of the most sophisticated cameras she had ever seen.

Kylie's mouth hung open as she peered into the lens. "Hello?"

There was a sharp sound coming from the camera. "Yes, I see you," the lady barked from the camera speaker. "What you doing in my backyard?" She sounded vaguely Asian to Kylie.

This took Kylie by such surprise that her foot slipped sideways out from under her, causing her to plunge into the pool. Kylie made it to the surface, sputtering and coughing as she swam to the end. She lifted herself out, realizing she was giving the camera a great shot of her ass as she did so.

"Why you in here?" the camera inquired. "I see you from work! You big trouble!"

Kylie got onto her feet, dripping from every limb, as she scurried out of the yard. There was another chain-link fence to get over.

Kylie took a few seconds to catch her breath as she looked up to Carter's place. He had a similar setup as her, with a long staircase ascending to his tiny attic apartment. Kylie went up the stairs to see Carter's door was ajar, with only the screen door closed.

"Thank you, Jesus," Kylie sighed as she made her final way up. When she got to the door, she peered in. "Hello?" Kylie called out. She opened the screen door and let herself in, then winced as she saw she had wet sneakers on. She closed the door and took off the shoes, then went back in again. She went around a corner. "Carter, I need some--OOF!"

Kylie ran into something warm but firm, throwing her arms instinctively around it. Her eyes were shut as she had braced for a bit of an impact. She put her hands on the surface and felt for a few seconds.

She dared to look up, realizing she had crashed right into Carter! He felt warm and wet. Kylie guessed he had taken a shower. To Kylie's utter horror, she realized that he was standing there completely naked as well!

Kylie gasped as she clutched onto Carter, still keeping eye contact.

"Kylie!"

"Carter!"

"Kylie??"

"CARTER!!"

There was an unmistakable warmth now touching right on Kylie's labia. Carter's cock had become stiff and was pressing right into her. The two of them stared at each other while this new sensation washed over both of them.

Kylie stared for a few more seconds, her heart drumming away in her chest. She took Carter's cheeks in her hands, then kissed him. Carter kissed back, letting his hands work their way down her back and onto her lovely buttocks. Kylie's hands moved down to Carter's chest as they pressed lips.

Kylie eventually pulled away, holding onto his hand and using the time to inspect his rigid member. His cock was absolutely beautiful. "Wow, pink!" She looked at him and giggled. She dragged Carter to his twin bed, and the two of them laid down to continue their kissing. Carter felt up Kylie's tits while she went to work jerking him off. She loved the feel if it, the stiff cock's warmth in her hand as she stroked at it. This was her first tugger, so she hoped that it was working for her man.

Carter got Kylie on her back, then got her legs pushed open a bit. He gave her a wink before going downstairs. The first feel of Carter's tongue on her little pussy gave her an immediate jolt of ecstasy. She threw her head back and covered her eyes. "Thank you," she panted. "Thank you!"

Carter licked and swirled his tongue all over her sweet love hole, while Kylie did her best not to struggle. She let her hand rest on the back of his head as he worked his magic. Kylie let Carter's hairs dance between her fingers as he moistened up her pussy lips.

After a few minutes, Carter made his way up to her mouth, and the two of them locked lips. Kylie had her hands on Carter's waist, almost trying to draw him in. Carter eventually took the hint, putting his hips into position. Kylie got her legs out wide and braced herself.

Carter pushed forward a few times, very gently as Kylie was still showing some resistance. Eventually Carter pushed hard enough, and his penis popped right into Kylie's vagina. Kylie groaned as she felt the turgid cock push its way in. Her nipples were erect.

Carter went back and forth slowly with great strokes, then quickened the pace. Kylie loved watching his face as he moaned with pure joy. The two of them fucked and grunted as they listened to the gentle squeaks from Carter's bed. Kylie had thrown her leg up over Carter's ass as he continued his servicing.

Kylie tapped his ass, then Carter pulled out. Kylie groaned as he slid his cock all the way out of her. Kylie got him to lie back, then she climbed aboard, positioning her pussy over his dick. She took a few tries to get it into position, then sank down on it, her smile ten feet wide at this point. She let her palms rest flat on Carter's chest as she pumped her hips up and down.

"Wow," Carter remarked as he looked at her boobs. "Your nipples are, like, the same colour as your skin. That's really sexy!"

Kylie smiled while she bit her lower lip, so flattered by the compliment. She was made to feel weird for most of her life because of the colouring she had, but now she just felt gorgeous. She humped even harder. "You're so sweet," she moaned.

"Why did you do this, Kylie?" asked Carter.

Kylie smiled and blushed. "I always liked you, Carter." She leaned in and gave him a passionate kiss while she continued milking his cock with her pussy. She felt it hitting her all the way to the back. The small jolts of electricity it gave her with each thrust was making her crazy. Carter was flicking her nipples with his fingertips, being so gentle and yet causing so much intensity.

Kylie shifted back to sit on her bottom as she leaned back and propped herself up with her elbows. She got her legs open as Carter pushed himself in again. Carter's penis was sticky with Kylie's love juice at this point.

Kylie watched with fascination as his member slid in and out of her, causing her labia to flutter in and out. She stared into his eyes as Carter fucked away.

"I always wanted you, Carter," Kylie panted. "Oh God! OH GOD! Keep fuckin' me, baby!"

Carter's forehead was getting sweaty as was his chest, making it shine in the sunlight. Kylie wrapped an arm around Carter's neck as he continued to fuck her. Carter's upper lip curled up. "I think...I think I love you, Kylie."

That did it for Kylie. She felt an intensity inside of her that only happened a few times when she leaned up against the washing machine, or when she borrowed the wiggle pen and held it in between her legs. She dropped her held back and shuddered all throughout her body.

Carter pumped harder as he had a look of great satisfaction on his face. "Where do you want it?"

Kylie yelled out the only thing she could think of: "DOWN MY THROAT!"

Carter pulled out quickly, holding his cock tightly. Kylie laid all the way back as Carter positioned himself to the side to let his dick get into Kylie's mouth. She remembered all the advice she ever got--breathe through your nose, don't try swallowing but relax your throat, and the time she tried the pancake batter test at a sleepover.

Carter cried out as Kylie felt the hot splash fill her mouth. She stroked her vulva as Carter's balls rested on her cheek. Kylie managed to swallow the broth, then let the cock fall out of her mouth, already starting to soften up.

Carter looked her over like she was an all-time sex goddess. "Wow," he finally managed. "Wow. I don't believe you did that. Wow."

Kylie giggled, then made sure she got the last little bit out of her mouth. Carter offered Kylie a sip of water. The two of them kissed and cuddled for fifteen minutes before Carter's cock sprung up again.

Several reports of the mysterious naked woman running across campus came up. Rumours ranged from her running clear across the quad, to ravaging an entire frat, to attacking passing cars. No one who saw Kylie ever came forward for various reasons. She had a real experience on campus, and she was proud of herself for having a little story she could keep to herself.

Near the end of the year, Kylie and Carter will still dating. They were still having wonderful sex, but the giant thrill she got by exposing herself so freely that first time could never be topped. On a rare occasion, Kylie repeated her trick about drinking Carter's nectar.

The architectural crew all had one final task, a tradition passed down for the past thirty-two years. The Job Jar was a series of dares, risks, and challenges each female had to undertake to prove that they had solidarity. Given Kylie's new sense of camaraderie, she was willing to go first.

Kylie's friend Jeri got the jar, which had the exact same slips of paper that were written out thirty-two years ago. Kylie reached in and got her slip, then slowly opened it and looked.

The other girls gathered around to get a peek. "What does it say?" asked Jeri.

Kylie smirked, nodded, and held the slip open for all to see. The girls gasped and laughed.

"Run down your street naked," Kylie announced. She gladly accepted the challenge.
