Exposure At The Cape
by Anonymous (address withheld)

I can still remember the first time I got Kim to flash. 
We were on our honeymoon on Martha's Vineyard at the 
Cape. We were at a place called Gay Head and were 
walking up to the overlook of the cliffs etc. A guy was 
walking towards us, (up an incline, looking down at us, 
so to speak). 

Kim and I had just been talking about the top she had 
on, and how much it turned me on. It was a white tank 
top laced up the front from the scoop neck down to the 
middle of her tits. She was also wearing a short, 
cotton skirt. She looked so cute (and young). 

I asked her to loosen up the top as much as she dared 
so I could see her tits. She really loosened the laces 
and opened up the opening more than I could have ever 
dreamed of! I could see her entire right tit when I 
looked over and most of her left one too. When she 
found out how much it turned me on, (I used to be the 
jealous type), she really went nuts. It's almost as if 
she really wanted to show her tits to everybody, the 
way she acted after that. I LOVED IT!!

Anyway, as she approached the guy, she acted like she 
was hot (it was August). She took both hands and opened 
up the flaps on the top of the tank top and pulled them 
away from her chest, as if to fan herself, therefore 
totally exposing both of her tits, nipples included, to 
the guy and even some people just behind him. 

I thought the guy was going to trip on the walkway 
down! He stared at her tits as if he was hypnotized 
(which he probably was). Then he looked at me and I 
looked away as if I hadn't noticed, but I squeezed her 
hand hard to let her know I loved it. After he had 
passed by, she told me that she felt slutty, and she 
was worried that I wouldn't approve of her. 

I let her know that showing her off in public was a 
total turn-on for me, and that it makes me love her 
even more for doing it for me.

As we left Gay Head on my motorcycle, she reached 
around and felt just how much I enjoyed what she showed 
everyone up there, and hugged me tight knowing that I 
really did want her to do it for me as often as she 
wanted. She finally admitted to me that it actually did 
turn her on knowing that the guy was staring at her 
bare tits, and she loved what it did to me. I asked her 
if she'd please do it again, and she said she would as 
long as I was OK with it.

We rode to the Chappaquiddick Bridge and got off the 
bike. There was nobody there, so I asked her for a 
"shot" (lifting up her top for me) and she immediately 
did. Her nipples were rock-hard from the horny mood she 
was now in. I asked her if she could have done that 
with someone there, and she said probably, as long as 
the person didn't know that she knew they could see her. 

That got my mind working, planning our next scenario. 
We stayed there for about a half hour taking videos 
with our video camera. Finally two guys on 10-speeds 
came riding from way down the road. Kim didn't see them 
because her back was to them and they were still a ways 
away. 

I asked her to give me another shot, this time on film. 
She lifted her tank top all the way up to her neck and 
I was video-taping her like that. I told her to face 
sideways, still not telling her about them. When she 
did, I knew that they were now getting a totally 
unobstructed view of her naked tits! 

She was sideways in such a way that she still didn't 
see them. I asked her to slide her skirt up slowly and 
show me her panties. I got SO horny as she SLOWLY slid 
up her skirt in the front, and I really went nuts as 
her panties started to come into view. Finally, the 
skirt was totally up around her waist, and I was 
staring at her skimpy panties. 

I could actually see some hair peeking out too! The 2 
guys finally realized that we were taking pictures as 
they got closer, and that Kim was flashing her body for 
the camera. They were still at least 100 feet away down 
the road, and since they weren't driving a car, Kim 
still hadn't heard them approach. 

They stopped their bikes and got off to check out the 
bridge etc., but I'm sure that Kim was their main 
interest. I pretended that I didn't see them either, as 
I was in a position that was 45 degrees from where they 
were, and I didn't look in their direction at all.

They were probably convinced that neither one of us 
were aware they were there. And the fact that Kim 
really wasn't excited ME even more! The guys were 
coming quietly closer for a better look. They found an 
obscure area so, at times, I really couldn't see them. 

Anyway, I pretended that I didn't even when I could. I 
asked Kim to unzip the skirt and let it fall. She 
looked around quickly, saw nobody, slowly unzipped it, 
and let it fall to the ground. Then I said to her, 
"Kim, take off your panties for me OK?"

She did, without the slightest hesitation, slowly slid 
them down her thighs and let them fall to the ground. I 
now saw her naked from the waist down in a public area, 
posing and moving for me while I taped her! 

I asked her how she felt and she said that it was 
making her really horny. I asked her to show me just 
how horny. To my surprise, she started to rub herself 
right there in broad daylight for me. I was getting 
such a hard-on! I could see the two guys out of the 
corner of my eye staring at the unbelievable sight! I 
was wearing sunglasses, so I knew they didn't know that 
I was aware of them. 

I asked Kim, "What would you do if someone came right 
now?" 

She said that she'd cover up quickly. I told her how 
much it would completely turn me on if someone was 
watching right now. I also told her how sexy and 
beautiful she was (and she is!). I said that I wanted 
her to be totally honest with me, and tell me honestly 
what she'd do right now in her horny state, if someone 
was watching.

After some delay, she finally admitted to me that it 
would turn her on as long as they didn't know that she 
was knowingly giving them a show.

At this point, I told her to try and make herself even 
hornier by rubbing faster, but not to cum. She looked 
around again, saw nobody and began to get herself even 
hornier for me. When she was really close, I asked her, 
again, if she wished a guy was watching her and she 
said yes she did. 

I asked her if that's how she felt honestly and she 
said yes again. I then said, "Kim. There are two guys 
in the bushes that have been watching you for ten 
minutes or so." 

She laughed and said, "Yeah, right!" 

I asked her if she'd be pissed if there was and I 
hadn't told her. She looked at me as if to say, "Are 
there?" I told her that I loved her and that I was so 
proud of her body that I wanted to show it off to other 
guys so they'd be jealous. 

Then she knew there really had been people watching 
her. She looked startled a teeny bit, but looked at me 
as if to say, "Should I?" I told her that I was SO hard 
because of her. I asked how she felt. She said "A 
little nervous." 

Then I asked if she was still as horny as she was and 
she said yes! I told her to go crazy and really give 
them a show. They were still back far enough so they 
couldn't hear a word we were saying which made it nice. 
I just kept video-taping it all as they watched her 
show off for them. 

Then I asked her to REALLY go nuts. She then slowly 
took off her top completely and dropped it to the 
ground. There she was, TOTALLY naked in front of the 2 
guys. I asked her how she felt NOW and she said, 
"Wicked horny."

I said, "Go crazy baby," so she began rubbing her 
nipple while she masturbated for me (and them). She 
really got into it as she got closer, and when she came 
she moaned quietly so they couldn't hear her, I guess 
she was embarrassed.

I was going NUTS! The two guys watched as she came 
unglued right before their eyes. When she finally 
stopped cumming, acted nervous, so I said, "Kim, you're 
beautiful and I love you so much, and those guys are 
probably jacking off in the bushes because of you."

She just giggled, a little embarrassed and hugged me.

We never saw the guys after that, I guess they were 
embarrassed too. Anyway, it was the start of a great 
lifestyle of showing off for Kim and me. We found that 
showing off was such a turn on for us, and that we had 
such great sex afterwards that we became hooked.

END

