What had happened? Who was this man? What had I done? I felt so...numb. Seconds ago I was overcome with pleasure and lust. The warmth of him inside me, his sweat dripping onto me, his animalistic grunts sending a thrill through my entire body...it was too much to process. He rolled off of me, and I felt suddenly extremely alone. This was the feeling I tried to avoid at all costs. I felt used and helpless.
Then Joe reached over and pulled me to him, and I felt...relief. Fear, arousal, conflict, but most of all, relief.
"Good girl," Joe said, filling me with a warmth I had craved for years. His arm around my waist made me feel safe. Desired. Owned.
Still, I was at a definite disadvantage. I had no idea what his intentions were, what tomorrow would bring. All I knew is that he had used me completely and without mercy.
I hated myself, but his actions, every one of them, had filled me with pleasure. What was wrong with me? Why had I not run screaming from his cabin? Why had I not kicked him in the fucking balls on any number of moments he had given me the chance? Why didn't I put up a stronger fight? Because I knew that he knew. I knew he could see through me. All I could do was plead with him not to force me to admit my horrible desires. At least I had fought him on that, and I had won.
Despite that small victory, I knew that if I stayed with him it would only be a matter of time before I succumbed. Am I truly a slut? He had called me one all evening, and for some reason I had loved it. It made me cum, again and again. Why?
Thoroughly exhausted and mentally drained, I decided that for tonight, while he still wanted me, I would be his "good girl". Even though he would likely send me on my way tomorrow, at least I could have tonight to keep with me for the rest of my life. And with that small comfort, I drifted off to sleep.

Jesus, what a night it had been. I had been right about her. She wanted it. Her cunt clenching around my cock told me as much. Still, as much as I had pushed her, she still refused to confess her desires and submit to me. My temperament had softened for a while, along with my cock, but the thought that she still was not mine completely filled me with rage and determination.
Feeling her soft waist and belly, lightly stroking up and down her arm, enjoying her delicate skin as she slept, filled me with a feeling of possessiveness I had never before experienced.
I wanted to grab her hips, shove my once again stirring cock into her pussy and cum in her again as she slept. I wanted to mark her as mine. The deep red mark I had left on her neck would be there for at least the duration of this cruise, but somehow it didn't feel like enough. With a frustrated groan, I slipped from the bed and her milky softness.
Separated from her for the first time in hours, I laughed out loud when I discovered I was still pretty much fully clothed. I had been so eager to fuck the slut's brains out that I had neglected to shed my clothes as I normally would. This was not normal though. This was something entirely different. She lit a fire inside me.
I disrobed, preparing to head to the shower, but stopped when I noticed something odd in my peripheral. At the base of the bed lay shards of some kind of black material. It was the tattered remains of her dress.
I grinned in satisfaction and recollection of that blissful moment, tearing open her dress. God, there was nothing quite like ripping a woman's clothes off her body. She would not be leaving the suite without my permission. Comforted to know I would not return to find her gone, I proceeded to the shower.
The shower took a while to warm, and I had little to do but stand there and review the night's primal festivities in my head, over and over. As my cock hardened once more, I wanted to shut off the shower, run into the other room and fuck her again, but I knew I had put her through the wringer tonight. Stepping into the tub, I enjoyed the temporary distraction of the hot water raining down upon me.
What would my next move be? I could tie her to the bed and keep her as my captive for the week. I could let her go, and risk her hiding away from me, dodging me at every turn on this cruise. Or...what?
That pretty boy from the bar, or any number of pretty boys, would pounce on her if I did not stake my claim. But how would I do so if she continued to fight me? The thought of another man burying himself between her legs filled me with rage.
I was not done with her. Not remotely. I didn't know how, but I would own her, come hell or high water. I started to stroke my shaft, contemplating the nasty possibilities.
I had already exposed her to light pain, or what I considered to be "light" pain. Breath play...humiliation...degradation. All of which seemed to stoke the fire, if her final orgasm was any indication. Her biggest barrier seemed to be admitting her desires. Submitting.
I closed my eyes, picturing her on her knees before me. She gazed into my eyes as I demanded, and opened her mouth wide. Stroking my cock faster, I imagined cumming all over her face. She followed my jerking cock with her mouth, struggling to get all of my cum. I coated her face with it, degrading her in the basest of ways.
Hurtling back to reality, I released my cum onto the shower wall. It seemed a terrible waste, but there would be plenty of time tomorrow to use her, and soon enough, she would submit to me completely.
After a less than thorough toweling off, I returned to the bed, gazing down upon her. I had not noticed before, but her stockings were trashed, and it filled me with pride. She had only her sheer panties now, and they would offer no protection against me, or any shocked stares from our neighbors, should she attempt to escape the suite.
Though the sexual high had not entirely worn off, I knew I needed rest. Breaking this slut would require my full attention tomorrow. Careful not to wake her, I climbed back into bed, securing my arm once again over her waist. She was mine.

The room was still dark when I awakened. I could see a very dim light coming from the balcony doors, and knew it must be close to 5:00am. I realized that Joe's arm was still around my waist. Not as securely as it had been last night...after he came inside me. His body was so warm! His soft chest hair was like a cozy blanket. I didn't want to get up, but I knew if I did not make a break for it now, it would likely be too late.
Quiet as a mouse, I lifted his arm gently, slipped free of him, and wiggled my way across the bed. When my feet finally touched the floor, I scurried back across the suite. This was like in the movies. The lion always woke up, and he always caught his prey. When I reached the foyer, I realized I was naked, with the exception of my now ruined stockings.
"Shit," I whispered. What the hell was I going to do?
If I was going to get out, it had to be fast. I checked the closet, and sure enough, there were two white terry cloth robes. In my hurry to remove a robe from the rack, one of the metal hangers clanked against the wall loudly. I froze, peering across the suite to see if Joe had woken up. He did not stir.
I hurriedly threw on the robe, my heartbeat ringing in my ears.
"Whew!" I thought, when I saw that he was still out like a light. I couldn't blame him. He had fucked me harder than I ever thought possible only hours ago. Naturally, it took its toll.
I don't know what I was thinking, but I tiptoed back over towards the bed and took a last look at him. He was looking as roguishly handsome as ever, even in his sleep. Only now, I could appreciate his nicely defined muscles, and the masculine mane of hair covering his torso. And his cock.
Joe had taken me so swiftly and roughly last night that his body had ironically been the last thing on my mind. I was a bit pre-occupied with how royally stuffed I was, not to mention the uncompromising manner with which he had wrenched orgasm after orgasm from my pussy. Yes, his attractive, utterly masculine body had entirely escaped my notice.
He rolled onto his back, and I smirked when I heard him start snoring. He was just a creep. A jerk. A dickwad. I was going to get away and there was nothing he could do. I suddenly felt empowered.
"So long jack-ass!" I whispered.
Tip-toeing back to the entryway, I snatched my purse off of the floor, where it had apparently fallen earlier that evening. Flipping him off, I silently slipped out the door and back to my suite.