Girl Scout Porn
GS USA - Where girls grow horny




This Month's Challenge:
Recruit new Sluts!
Are all your friends Girl Sluts? Does recruiting new members sound like fun, but you don't know anyone who hasn't already joined? Don't give up!

Maybe you don't need to look any farther than your own little sister. She's just as curious about sex as you were at that age, especially if your parents are keeping her sheltered. Is she always hanging around, spying on you and your boyfriend? You can turn that into an opportunity!

Pretend you don't see her peeking at you while your boyfriend rubs your pussy. Give her a smile after she's been watching for a while. Try to coax her for a better look. 

Little sisters are especially curious about boys; what they do to girls and what that big thing in their pants looks like. You can use this to lure her into new situations. Do you like to shower with your boyfriend? Leave the door open and let her watch. Maybe you can get her to come inside for a closer look. Even if she knows about oral sex, she probably hasn't had a good look at a real cock or a real cock sucker like you! Encourage her to come closer when you feel your guy start to cum, then pull off quick as a wink and let her see him shoot his stuff. If she's close enough give it a quick twist and share the results! Even if she doesn't open her mouth you can still squirt her face. If you play it right you might just end up swapping cum in a hot kiss, but whatever you do try to make sure she gets a taste. She probably won't like it at first, but she'll be starting to acquire a very important taste.

This is just one of the many exciting ways you can recruit new members into Girl Scouts. If they're old enough, send us their picture, topless or more graphic. If they haven't yet reached puberty a full facial photo will do. 
Prizes
Every recruiter will receive a free styling at The Purrfect Pussy for herself and the new member she brings in. In addition, for each new member recruited you will be entered into a drawing for five grand prizes, a full day spa treatment at Sappho's Temple, where they know exactly how to touch a girl.

As always, all entries are property of the Girl Scouts and will be posted on our pornographic web site at our discretion. Photos of girls under the age of consent will be restricted to our Sluts of Tomorrow section, either fully clothed or face only. Contest is open to all members of Girl Scouts USA. Entries from members of Girl Scouts International will also be posted but are not eligible for prizes.
