The House Party
byExhibitionistErika©

The House Party Pt. 01

This is the second adventure of Erika's, following part one where she walked nude and handcuffed through a local park.

Only a couple of days had passed since Erika's first adventure in exhibitionism. She felt like a new part of her had been awakened since her naked hike. The world had color again. She loved having this secret hobby. Being seen naked and handcuffed in public would be a thing of nightmares for most people, however Erika found it empowering and exciting. She has never been more comfortable in her own skin and proud of her body.

Unsurprisingly, it did not take long for Erika to start feeling the need to take off on her second adventure. Although her first experience was groundbreaking for her, she felt a deep desire to push herself.

Her initial experience being caught naked had been so exciting and positive, that she knew she wanted to be seen by more people. A lot more people. The question was though, how far? She definitely wasn't at the point where she felt ready to walk straight through downtown like some of the videos she'd seen online, but she felt a deep desire to be surrounded by strangers while being naked, preferably with no way to back out.

Erika and Jenny have been texting virtually non-stop since their initial hike and it was obvious how much Jenny enjoyed being her partner in crime for these extirpates.

It was Friday morning when Erika finally hit up Jenny about feeling the need for another adventure. It was a warm, beautiful morning. Erika rolled over, feeling her bedding caressing her nude body as she reached for her phone. Even the thought of expressing the desire to begin planning another challenge for herself started sparking a sense of excitement in Erika.

"You up?" Texted Erika.

"..no, why?" Jenny replied. Erika always had a habit of being an early riser.

"I've been thinking, I wanna start planning my next adventure," said Erika.

"Ok, now I'm awake! What are you thinking?" Jenny responded with a quickness.

"I'm not really sure yet, but I know I want to be seen. I really want to push myself," Erika texted.

"God, I envy your bravery lol," replied Jenny.

"I have an idea. Why don't you get your ass out of bed, and come over here? We can drink some coffee and you can help me brainstorm," Erika said.

And with that, a first baby step was taken in a long line of events that would eventually end up with Erika walking naked and helpless in public once again.

Erika hopped out of bed, threw a large ratty t-shirt over her nude body, and went to the kitchen to start making the two their morning coffee.

Shortly after the water began to boil a knock came from Erika's front door. Erika took the kettle off and rushed to meet her friend.

Erika threw the door open revealing a bed head ridden Jenny wearing sweats.

"Morning beautiful!" Erika said jokingly to her friend.

"Wow, I'm surprised to see you wearing anything at all!" Jenny yawned, eying up her friend and clearly visible nipples poking through her pajama shirt. Jenny gave Erika's ass a playful spank on the way into the one-bedroom apartment, making Erika blush slightly.

Erika rushed into the kitchen to finish up the coffee. She poured two cups with the fresh brew and met her sleepy friend in the living room.

Erika placed the coffee on the table, and Jenny grasped the warm cup in her hands.

"So? Tell me more about what you're feeling," Jenny pried.

"I need my next challenge. I want to push myself. I want a lot of people to see me naked, and I don't want to have the option of backing out once I start," Erika explained to her friend.

"Do you have any ideas so far?" Jenny inquired.

"Nothing in specific so far. All I know is what I want, and what I'm not ready for, it's hard to figure out the balance between the two.." Erika replied, staring at her bare feet.

"I might have an idea!" Jenny exclaimed, sitting straight up. "Here me out.. You know I'm having a small house party tonight, why don't you come and be our entertainment?"

Erika stared at her friend, pondering the prospects of being the only person naked at a party.

"No one knows you here, maybe it'd be a good opportunity to start building a reputation!" Jenny suggested.

"...You really might be onto something," Erika replied. The thought of being naked at a party sounded almost too good to be true.

Erika mulled over this thought for a second, spacing out at the steam slowly rising from her coffee cup.

"There's just one aspect missing," Erika said, looking up at her friend. "I need to feel like once I start there's no going back."

"What are you thinking?" Jenny inquired.

"I read a story online a while ago about a girl who hid a key a short distance away, got naked, and locked herself out so she had to go get the key naked. Maybe I can give you my key," Erika explained with a mischievous glimmer in her eye.

"Wait.. So you're going to give me your house key, lock yourself out, and walk all the way to my house naked?" Jenny asked with a shocked look on her face.

"That's it.. That's my next adventure! I'm going to wait until your party starts and walk over," Erika confirmed, gleaming with excitement.

Jenny got up from the couch, placed her now empty coffee cup on the table and stretched.

"Well, my party starts in a few hours now," Jenny said, looking at the clock.

"Why don't you hand that key over, so I can start getting things ready!" Jenny winked.

Erika stood up and rushed over to the key rack near her front door. Holding the cool, metal keys in her hand, she began searching for the familiar shape of her house key. Erika slowly twisted the silver key from the keyring and turned, facing her friend.

"You sure you wanna do this?" Jenny asked her visibly nervous friend.

Without speaking Erika, looked up at Jenny and placed the key in her friend's hand.

"Damn you have guts," Jenny laughed.

"Anyway, my party is around five, so come any time after that?" Jenny confirmed with Erika.

Erika already blushing slowly nodded in approval. Jenny smiled, kissing her friend on the forehead, and walked out of Erika's apartment, practically skipping down the hallway back down towards the parking lot, waving Erika's house key in the air above her head.

Erika closed her door, returning to the couch. A familiar feeling of nervous excitement started to bubble up deep inside her. Although there were a number of hurdles still to jump through before she was actually trapped naked in public again, she knew before the afternoon was over, she'd be on full display to who knows how many strangers at Jenny's party.

Besides the party, there was the issue of even getting there, which only just now started to cross Erika's mind. Erika's apartment was about one mile down the road, through a fairly sleepy neighborhood. Once Erika locked that door, she knew the only way to get back in, would be to walk through the neighborhood to Erika's party to retrieve the key. Any normal human would be terrified by this prospect, but it only increased Erika's excitement, which was slowly turning to a real sense of arousal.

Erika decided to try and get her mind off things. Giving in to her feelings now would only lower the odds that she'd actually go through with it. She spent the remainder of the afternoon cleaning her apartment and taking small walks outside, feeling the weather, trying to imagine what it's going to feel like naked. It was another very warm summer day.

Eventually, 4:30pm came around, and Erika knew it was time to get ready. She drew a hot bath and grabbed her razor. Like last time, she knew that if she was going to be seen naked, she might as well look her best! She took her time, sweating in the hot water, and methodically shaving her body, paying careful attention to her already warm pussy.

After her bath, she toweled off, taking time to look at her nude body in the mirror. Erika squeezed one of her breasts. She really did have a nice body, she thought to herself. Erika is quite minimal in terms of makeup, so this took almost no time at all.

Finally, the time had come. Erika found herself naked, standing in her living room, staring at her clock, the time read half past five. Perfect, thought Erika, fashionably late. Erika stood there, swimming in her own thoughts, almost procrastinating on what came next. She figured there was no point in bringing anything, besides carrying a purse or even a phone might take away from how naked she felt.

Erika walked over to the coffee table in the middle of the room, picked up her phone, and texted Jenny.

"Ok, I'm on my way <3" Erika texted Jenny, placing the phone back on the table.

Erika knew she needed to move quickly before she chickened out.

She stood up, moving swiftly towards the front door, grasping the metal doorknob in her hand. Pausing.

Finally, with a racing heart and sweaty palms, Erika twisted the doorknob, opening the front door. A warm breeze blew in from outside, caressing her body, as a reminder of how exposed she was.

Erika gasped, still holding the doorknob as she looked down at her nude body. She moved her hand to the middle of the knob and twisted the lock.

Erika stepped outside, feeling the cool pavement of the walkway in front of her apartment under her bare feet. She looked around, and it appeared that the coast was clear. Visibly shaking, Erika drew a deep breath and closed the door. The click of the locked door sent shockwaves through her brain. What had she done?

Erika stood there in disbelief, just staring at her hand still holding the doorknob. She tried to twist it. Nothing. She was stranded..

Erika slowly started coming to terms with her situation. She was completely naked standing outside her locked door, and the only way she'd get to return to cover was to walk naked through her neighborhood, arriving at her friend's house party full of strangers to recover her key. Not only that, who knows what Jenny had in store for her once she arrived.

Fear quickly gave way to arousal as she turned away from her door, feeling the summer breeze and sunshine warming and caressing her tight body.

Erika was beaming with excitement as she made her way down the walkway towards the parking lot, her bare feet making an unmistakable and quiet slap on the concrete floor as she walked.

Erika reached the bottom of the staircase, scanning the parking lot and looking outwards to the sidewalk on the other side. No signs of movement, however just as she stepped to start walking out, a car passed down the street.

Erika paused for a moment. This was risky. It was broad daylight and there were bound to be people out. But Erika wanted this, she put herself in this situation, and once again to her surprise, she was loving it.

Erika stepped off, walking across the parking lot. As she walked, she felt her small, firm breasts jiggle with each step, her hips swayed in an exaggerated fashion, hands at her side, fully putting herself on display.

She reached the sidewalk and looked around once again. Even though she had been handcuffed on her last adventure, this was somehow different from the hiking trail, she had never felt more exposed in her life. Standing completely nude in the middle of the city walking along the sidewalk was a whole other level.

She heard cars and city sounds in the distance. She passed by parked cars and houses along the sidewalk, knowing at any second a person could open a door, look out a window, or walk down the sidewalk and she would be completely exposed, with nowhere to hide, no turning back, and nothing to cover herself with.

The neighborhood was normally quiet, but to Erika, the noise was overwhelming. All of her senses worked in overdrive due to her current state, she heard bees buzzing in the bushes she walked past, cars from the highway over two miles away, even her own heart beating in her chest.

Erika was now about two blocks away from her apartment. Lost in the moment, the nude girl heard a familiar sound, tires passing over pavement. The gig was finally up.

A black sedan rounded the corner a few blocks up, coming straight towards her. Erika froze for a second, staring down at her nude body. She knew she should be ashamed, but a thought crossed her mind, "why would anyone be mad about seeing a young nude woman?". Plus, Erika genuinely didn't think that there was anything about her body worth hiding.

After this brief internal dialogue, Erika set off, clenching both of her hands behind her back, proudly displaying her nude body. The car was now one block away, she could make out the passenger, a middle-aged male.

The car slowed down as it passed the nude girl, the driver, not missing the chance to take in the view. Erika kept walking, blushing all over. She turned to her new spectator, waving and smiling as the car passed by.

The car finally passed, disappearing into the distance. Erika's body was on fire. She was so turned on by her situation that it was hard to remember even the simple directions to her friend's house.

Erika kept moving, practically skipping along the sidewalk, her firm butt and breasts jiggling as she went. It was hard to believe how quiet the neighborhood was in the middle of the day like this. Most people must have still been at work.

Erika approached an inner section, stopping at the stop sign and looking around. The quiet atmosphere of the neighborhood was quite relaxing to her. She took a moment to soak in the feeling she was having. The warm cement under her feet, and the sun and wind kissing every inch of her nude body were reminders of how exposed she was. Erika leaned back against the stop sign, running her hands across her body, squeezing her breasts.

Lost in thought and arousal Erika failed to notice the young woman walking her dog approaching the same stop sign she was leaning against.

"Umm, are you ok?" The young woman asked, with a shocked look on her face.

Erika quickly snapped out of her trance, looking at the girl now standing a few feet away from her.

"Y-yes!" Erika managed to stammer out.

"I'm so sorry! My friend dared me to go on a streak, and I got a little distracted," she explained.

The young girl laughed in response, eyeing up the naked Erika.

"Where are your clothes?" The girl asked curiously.

"I left them locked back in my apartment, and now I have to go get the key from my friend's house, about four blocks from here," Erika explained.

"No way.." The girl said with disbelief. "You're completely locked away from any of your clothes?!"

"Heh.. Yep, that about sums it up" Erika giggled.

"You've got some guts girl. I can't believe how confident you are just standing out in the open naked like this!" The girl exclaimed.

"It's actually starting to become a huge turn on of mine.. I love feeling so free and exposed. The risk is so hot." Erika explained to the young dog walker.

"So, this isn't the first time," the girl responded.

"Wait a minute, isn't this, you know.. Illegal?" The girl asked mischievously.

"I uh..." Erika stammered, looking around. Before this point she really hadn't even taken that into consideration.

"I'm just messing with you," the girl interrupted.

"Tell you what though, I have to get on the move, but I'll keep your little secret if you let me feel your body," the girl propositioned, soaking in the view.

Erika was shocked. She didn't even know what to say, she just stood there blushing, arms still at her side. Erika felt a familiar feeling. Anytime she was in such a vulnerable and exposed state like this, if someone demanded something of her, she got more aroused, and felt compelled to obey. She liked being in a submissive position, she liked being told what to do.

"Deal," Erika finally spoke, biting her lip and curling her toes. Erika clenched her hands back behind her back, giving the young woman free reign of her body. It was very obvious how turned on Erika was by this point.

Without missing a beat, the girl closed the gap between the two. Reaching out with her free arm she grabbed Erika's right breast.

"Very nice.." The girl murmured in approval, looking up towards Erika.

The girl took her time, sliding her hand down Erika's torso and between her legs, feeling how wet Erika was.

"Wow, someone is liking this," the woman giggled, teasing Erika.

Finally, the woman's hand traveled back up Erika's naked body, twisting one of her nipples on its way. To Erika's shock, she felt the woman's hand wrap around her throat, tightening slightly.

Erika moaned, biting her lower lip. She couldn't help herself, she felt like she was going to cum right then and there. The young woman could have done anything to Erika at that point, she was completely and hopelessly at the mercy of the girl.

Before Erika was send over the edge, she felt a quick kiss on the cheek, and the hand leave her body.

"Good girl," the woman whispered in Erika's ear before making a ninety degree turn and proceeding to walk down the sidewalk away from her. The woman looked back, smiling, and waved one more time thanking Erika and rounding the corner out of sight.

Erika was absolutely shaking with arousal. Looking around, she would have given anything to run out into the middle of the empty intersection, lay down on the hot pavement, and finish herself off right there.

Erika stood on the corner, feeling her body up, slowly rubbing her clit, and pinching a nipple. She weighed her options. However, reality hit her. This walk was taking longer than expected, and she knew her friend was probably waiting on her. Plus, if she came now, she she'd lose all of her confidence.

And with that the nude girl set off, resuming her adventure. She was getting close now. Erika started to remember where she was going. Before this, her adventures were limited to fairly small encounters. Now she was completely naked in the middle of the city, stranded, and about to walk into a house full of young people. Fear and nervousness returned to Erika's mind, but she liked it. It only managed to turn her on more.

After a few short blocks, Erika arrived at her destination. Standing in front of Jenny's house, she could hear music, and lively conversation coming from within.

"What the fuck are you doing," Erika laughed to herself, looking down at her naked body.

Erika was burning up. The cocktail of fear and arousal were getting overwhelming, and it was obvious. She was flushed practically all over. Plus, she couldn't even hide how wet she was getting from this whole ordeal.

Erika knew what she had to do. Walk through the party, find her friend, get the key, and get home. What she didn't know was what lay in store for her on the other side of her friend's front door, or what would stand in-between her and the key.

"Here goes nothing," she shrugged.

Erika walked up to the door, drawing in a deep breath for courage she lifted her hand to the doorbell.

With one press, a loud ringing sound came from the other side of the door, clearly interrupting a conversation from inside.

"SHE'S HERE!" Erika heard the unmistakable sound of her friend's voice.

"Well, no going back now.." Erika thought to herself.

Clasping her hands behind her back once again, Erika wanted to make sure she came across confident. No one made her do this, she was on a mission to fulfill her fantasies. She felt ready to exhibit her nude body to everyone who wanted to see.

Finally, she heard footsteps. With a click, the front door swung open, with Jenny standing on the other side, smiling from ear to ear.


The House Party Pt. 02

Erika stood there, still in a haze of disbelief. It was hard for her brain to process the magnitude of her situation. But there she still stood, at the front door of her best friend Jenny's house, without a stitch of clothing on.

Erika shuttered, listening to the music and conversation coming from the party happening inside the house.

Jenny stood there smiling from ear to ear taking in the wild view of Erika standing completely naked on her front porch. In a million years Jenny never thought Erika would have had the guts to follow through with this stunt, yet there they both were.

"You're completely insane, you know that?" Jenny laughed, eyeing up her friend from head to toe.

"Like what you see?" Erika teased, raising her hands above her head, proudly displaying her current naked state.

Although a complete ball of nervousness on the inside, Erika was so turned on by her current situation that it was easy to translate her arousal into false confidence. Erika had finally reached the second, and most brazen part of her adventure.

In order to make it back to clothes and shelter, Erika knew she had to get the key from her friend. Problem was, Erika had no idea what Jenny had in store for her inside the party, or what she would have to do in order to get her apartment key back from her friend.

Before Erika had too long to process what was happening, Jenny grabbed her hand.

"C'mon! I'll show you around!" Jenny exclaimed, taking her friend by the hand, pulling her into the house party.

Although the music continued, the vast majority of conversations stopped, when the unexpected view of a nude girl entered the party.

Erika felt vulnerable, exposed, and scared, yet overwhelming arousal washed over her, overpowering her other emotions. She blushed as she walked into the living room.

Erika felt the eyes of the twenty something people all hanging out in the living room on her. Still being led by her friend by the hand, she suddenly felt far more naked than she did previously. The coolness of the hardwood floor under her feet felt shocking in contrast to the rest of Erika's body feeling flushed and hot.

Erika stood there, still partially in shock, too embarrassed to speak. Luckily, she didn't need to.

"Everybody, this is my best friend Erika!" Jenny exclaimed, lifting her friend's hand above her head, twirling Erika around.

Erika couldn't help but laugh. She was completely naked at a house party being twirled around and put on display.

"Hello everybody," Erika giggled.

"Sooooo, what's the story here?" One of Jenny's friends laughed.

"Erika likes being naked, so I suggested that she come and be our entertainment for the evening!" Jenny explained proudly.

"She left her clothes locked away at home, and now she needs to earn her house key back," Jenny said in a taunting tone, slapping Erika on the ass.

Erika's eyes almost popped out of her head as her blush deepend, she put both of her arms behind her back, holding her now rosey butt cheek with both her hands, leaving her breasts and pussy fully on display.

"Did someone force you to do this?" Another one of Jenny's friends asked Erika.

"As crazy as it sounds, no.. This is a huge fantasy of mine, so I decided to challenge myself," Erika explained with a clear sense of nervousness in her voice.

"All I gotta do now is figure out how to earn my key back," Erika said playfully, looking up at her friend Jenny.

Erika knew she was at her friend's mercy, and like clockwork, Erika found herself naturally submitting to her friend. Feeling helpless and exposed, knowing that Jenny had all of the power over her only turned her on even more.

"We'll get to that!" Jenny laughed. She could tell how turned on Erika was by the submissive and hungry look in her eyes.

"But first, let's go meet everyone else!" Jenny said.

Snapping out of the heat of the moment, Erika remembered that this was only the first room. She had a whole house and backyard full of people to go display her nude self to.

Now that the initial shock of entering the house party had started to wear off, Erika's arousal began further drowning out any sense of nervousness or reservation. Erika was loving this. She could practically feel the party's eyes looking up and down every inch of her naked body. This is exactly what she wanted.

Erika, lost in her own thoughts and feelings, pondered how unusual of a situation she had put herself in. She might not get to experience something like this ever again. Erika made a mental note and challenge to herself to enjoy this as much as possible. She made a promise to herself to give way to her fantasies, and to not cover up or hide for any reason.

Erika was snapped free from her inner dialogue when she felt Jenny take her by the hand again.

"I can't wait to introduce you to everyone!" Jenny smiled at her friend.

Jenny led Erika by the hand as they exited the living room. As they passed through the doorway, Erika felt her nude body rub up against the other party goers as they entered the crowded kitchen, their eyes inches away from her.

Erika was led room by room through the party, being introduced to everyone. She grew more uninhibited by the minute as she confidently allowed herself to be put on display to the entire party. Shaking hands, introducing herself, Erika absolutely loved the attention she was getting. She almost felt drunk with the cocktail of feelings swirling around inside her.

In a party of about fifty, the lone naked girl didn't have a hard time attracting the spotlight wherever she ventured.

Erika finally found herself in the backyard after being introduced to everyone. She stood there enjoying having the warm sun and summer breeze gently caressing her body once again. She made her rounds around the backyard, sipping on a cold beer, and explaining her situation to people.

She wasn't sure why, but she was actually surprised with how positive and excited people got when Erika explained that she was doing this voluntarily to fulfill her fantasies. It felt great being allowed to be so open about her sexuality and having everyone be so encouraging.

As Erika was talking to one of the girls at the party, she felt a hand grab her bare ass. She jumped out of surprise, turning around.

Jenny had caught back up with her.

"Making some friends I see!" Jenny said.

"Everyone here is so nice, I'm so happy I did this," Erika responded.

"Yeah, I can tell how much you're enjoying yourself!" Jenny teased, looking at Erika's flushed chest, and wet pussy.

It was painfully obvious how turned on Erika was.

"I have your first task," Jenny leaned over and whispered in Erika's ear.

Before Erika could even ask, Jenny called for everyone's attention, clinking her beer bottle with a fork.

"I have an announcement everyone! If anyone needs a beverage replaced, be sure to tell our new waitress, and she'd be more than happy to serve you!" Jenny yelled to the party, pushing Erika out in front of her.

Erika got excited. She knew this would further force her to interact with the strangers at the party and exhibit herself. Erika looked over to the counter on Jenny's porch that had coolers and drinks already set up.

As she started walking over to the makeshift bar she was now charged with manning, Erika heard her friends' voice pipe up once more.

"Oh, and one more thing," Jenny paused for dramatic effect.

"Erika is my property. And since my parents always taught me to share my toys, I wanted to let everyone know that you are all welcome to touch and play with her however you'd like," Jenny announced to the surprise of the party goers.

Erika stopped dead in her tracks. Slowly turning around to face her mischievously grinning friend, she knew tonight was about to take a wild turn. Not only was her body free game now, but Jenny actually called Erika her property. A toy even. Erika felt humiliated, but she loved it.

Erika was very quickly learning how much she loved being told what to do. Although she was well out of the closet as an exhibitionist, Jenny could tell how much of a submissive Erika was, and she fully intended on taking advantage of that.

The party's attention was entirely back on Erika after Jenny's announcement. Singles looked excited to play with the new party favor, and couples looked at each other for approval. The overall atmosphere shifted, this was no longer a harmless nudist, Erika was now seen by everyone as a sexual object.

Erika made her way up to the counter. She was on fire. She knew what was surely to come, and the attention she was getting was almost too much to bear.

As she walked across the porch, she moved in an exaggerated fashion, swaying her hips back and forth, sticking her breasts out. Her tits and ass gently jiggled with each step. Erika was putting on quite the display, almost daring everyone to take advantage of Jenny's offer.

Erika felt safe though. Part of the submissive's mind is knowing that as long as her dominant partner is there, calling the shots, that she is protected against things going too far.

Erika reached the counter, looking around at the party to see who would break the trance and be her first customer. Erika felt the wood deck under her feet, as she curled her toes, bit her lower lip, and caressed the countertop in, lost in her state of arousal and fear.

Finally, someone spoke up.

"I could use a refill!" A voice spoke up from the middle of the crowd.

Erika looked up to see a tall, handsome man staring back at her, smiling.

"Sure! What'll ya have?" Erika said cheerfully, playing into her new role.

"Vodka soda please!" The young man responded.

"Coming up!" Erika replied obediently.

Some of the party goers returned to their original conversations, but the majority of the attention was still on Erika. People watched as Erika fixed up her first drink order, her breasts jiggling back and forth as she mixed the drink and filled the cup with ice. Erika looked back at her audience, smiling shyly.

Erika finished the drink and walked confidently over to her first customer. She handed over the mixed drink and placed her hands invitingly behind her back, staring submissively into the eyes of the handsome stranger.

"Why thank you, Erika!" He said.

His free hand wasted no time, reaching out and grabbing Erika's left breast. Erika bit her lip as she watched the man freely grope her nude body in front of everyone.

"Well, what do you say Erika?" Jenny demanded, smiling while she watched the current situation play out.

"Hmmm?" Erika managed to moan out. Hopelessly lost in how good she felt.

"Why don't you thank the nice man for playing with you, isn't that what you wanted?" Jenny said.

Erika smiled. Her friend was playing more into her submissive nature, and she loved it.

"Thank you sir.." Erika said, looking up longingly at her first customer, as his hands roamed freely over her tits, pinching one of her nipples.

"No, no, the pleasure was all mine!" He responded. "My name's John by the way".

"Nice to meet you John," Erika responded, shaking his hand.

Erika made her way back to the counter, blushing. Everyone watched her pass by, they knew that this meant game on.

After this first encounter Erika was bombarded with drink orders. Carrying beers and mixed drinks through the crowd, she felt hands all over her nude body. People grabbed her ass as she walked by, squeezed her tits any time she stopped to drop a drink off, and the braver of the party goers even rubbed Erika's pussy, only making her more wet and turned on.

The more Erika got aroused, the further into the submissive role she fell into, she cheerfully and obediently filled drink orders while allowing herself to be passed around and groped like a sex toy. Erika was getting closer to losing herself to an orgasm as time and interactions went on.

Eventually, Erika found herself surrounded by two men and a girl all taking the chance to play with her nude body. The girl was standing in front of her, pinching Erika's nipple and making her suck on her finger, while the two guys stood on either side, both feeling her entire body up. Grabbing her ass, rubbing her pussy, Erika felt the familiar feeling of an orgasm welling up. She knew she couldn't hold off much longer without cumming. She was in complete ecstasy, writhing back and forth responding to all of the hands on her body, she desperately wanted to cum.

Just before she was sent over the edge, she heard Jenny's voice again. The hands stopped, and she was pushed out into the middle of the crowd.

Erika was practically shaking. After being teased for so long she was a hot ball of arousal. She smiled as she walked through the crowd to her friend Jenny, pinching her nipple with one hand, and sucking on her finger with the other. Erika now walked with the confidence that only someone that was on the brink of orgasm, hungry for more could have, especially for being the only naked person at a party.

Once Erika reached her friend, Jenny announced that there was a new party game.

"Attention, everyone! I am pleased to announce that we will be having a raffle!" Jenny exclaimed.

"I am about to draw four names from this bowl, and the winners will get to decorate our little toy with whatever they'd like!" Jenny announced proudly as she revealed a bold permanent marker she pulled from her pocket.

Everyone at the party loved this idea and responded with a round of applause.

Erika could tell this move was premeditated because Jenny already had everyone's names written on tickets. How long had she been planning this move? And what else did she have planned for the rest of the evening?

"Erika, would you mind holding this for me?" Jenny asked her naked friend.

Erika put her hands out in front of her, taking the marker from her friend.

Erika stood there rocking back and forth, half smiling, and half biting her lower lip. She was still loving feeling everyone's eyes on her naked body.

Jenny plunged her hand into the bowl, mixing all the tickets together.

Erika watched with anticipation, wondering what people would write or draw on her. Erika was slightly nervous at this concept; she knew that permanent marker would take days to get off her skin. But this was beyond her control, she already knew that she was going to do anything Jenny told her to do.

"Here we are!" Jenny drew four raffle tickets from the bowl.

"Chris, Britney, Steph, and John!" Jenny announced the winners as everybody clapped.

Erika recognized the name John. He was the guy who first ordered a drink from her!

"Fuck he's hot.." Erika thought to herself. "What I wouldn't give to fuck him right now.."

The audience made a hole as the winners proudly appeared to claim their prize.

The four stood in front of Erika, eyeing up their new canvas.

Erika couldn't take her eyes off John. She needed to feel his hands on her body again. She was so helplessly aroused that if given the chance, she'd pull his pants down and suck is dick in front of everyone. These thoughts had to stay inside for now.

though it wasn't hard to imagine what Erika was thinking. She was looking at John the same way a cat looks at its prey. She bit her lip and fidgeted with the marker in her hands as she looked lustfully at John. She was practically drooling.

These feelings kept being added on top of each other. As she stood naked and helpless in front of the party, she could only think about one thing. She needed to cum. Badly.

The winners stepped forward closing in around Erika. Snapping out of her trance on John, she looked at all of them, handing the marker to anyone willing to grab it first.

She felt very vulnerable. Not only was she still naked in front of everyone, she was now offering her body up to be drawn on. Who knows what kinds of things they'd draw or how long she'd carry marks on her body?

Steph grabbed the marker from her hand.

"I'll go!" Steph gleamed.

Steph grabbed Erika's hip, turning her around.

"I think i'll draw on her butt!" She announced.

Everyone giggled as Steph slapped Erikas firm ass.

Erika gasped. Being displayed and spanked was not doing anything to help Erika's arousal.

Erika felt the cold marker touch her skin as Steph made the first mark.

Shortly after, Steph announced she was done, and Erika turned around to see a big heart with the words "Fuck me!" written inside of it.

Kind of dirty, fairly tasteful. Erika liked it though. For some reason the words "Fuck Me" helped make her nudity more sexual. She wasn't just a nudist; she was on a mission to fill her sexual fantasies.

Britney rushed up next, and in a similar fashion chose Erika's other butt cheek as her canvas. Britney wrote "Spank Me!" in big block letters on Erika's other cheek, and to the crowd's approval Britney proceeded to spank Erika directly on the new inscription. Hard. Although it hurt, the spank reverberated through her ass cheeks and through all the right places. Erika moaned audibly, almost cumming.

"Oh wow, I think she liked that," Jenny teased, grabbing Erika by the chin.

"Jenny.. Please. I really need to cum," Erika pleaded with her friend, her head still in Jenny's hand.

"Don't worry sweetie, that'll happen before the night is over, i'll make sure of it!" Jenny giggled.

Jenny grabbed Erika by the back of her hair and forcefully spun her around to face the crowd again. Erika was being pulled around, drawn on, disgraced in front of a whole party of strangers. Never in her wildest dreams did she ever imagining herself ever getting to experience something like this. But here she was right in the middle of her deepest fantasy.

"Who's next?" Jenny asked the two boys.

"I'll go!" Chris announced.

Chris rushed up onto the porch in which Erika was being displayed. Grabbing the marker, he scribbled something quickly on the side of Erika's rib. Chris seemed nervous, as his girlfriend wasn't too far away, watching.

He stepped back and handed the marker off.

"Did he just sign his name?" Erika thought to herself, slightly confused.

"Meh.. To each their own," She shrugged.

The rest of the party goers had a similar response.

Finally, Erika looked up, her gaze meeting John's. Finally.

John approached Erika holding up the marker. John grabbed Erika's breast pulling her closer. Erika bit her lip, not even trying to cover up how much that was turning her on.

"Having fun?" John asked.

"Yes sir.." Erika whispered seductively.

Erika was under his spell. Even though there were at least twenty people all circled around watching her being man handled, if given half the chance, she would have fucked him right there. She would do anything John told her to do.

"Any requests?" John asked, looking down on the naked girl.

His hand moved downward, rubbing her wet pussy. Erika moaned.

"Make me your slut." Erika said quietly, her hands clasped behind her back, giving John free reign of her nude body.

"As you wish," John winked, uncapping the marker.

John placed the marker down on Erika's chest. It felt cold against her hot, flushed skin. Erika was practically sweating.

After about a minute John looked up from Erika's chest.

"How's that?" He asked.

Erika looked down and smiled. In large, block lettering, John had written "SLUT" across her chest.

Erika felt so dirty. She loved it.

People clapped at the conclusion of the raffle event as Jenny swooped in and stole her friend away from John.

Jenny grabbed both of Erika's hands and held them up her head, leading her through the crowd, and displaying the words "Fuck Me", "Spank Me", and "SLUT" written clearly on her naked body to the party.

Erika was in heaven. She was the center of attention, and the mixture of exposure, teasing humiliation, and helplessness was getting to her in a big way.

The two made it back to the outside bar.

"Having fun?" Jenny asked her naked friend, pouring two shots of whiskey.

"Jenny.. I can't tell you how much this means to me.. This is everything I wanted to feel," Erika responded, pinching her own nipple and looking down at the word "SLUT" inscribed on her chest.

"Good!" Jenny winked, handing Erika her shot.

The two tossed the whiskey back, grimacing as the alcohol burned their throats.

"I have one more plan for you before I set you on your way," Jenny said, trying not to cough.

"Anything..." Erika responded.

She was falling quite nicely into her new submissive role.

Without a word, Jenny grabbed Erika's hand, leading her through the party. People had been getting tipsier, and bolder. Everyone within reach grabbed or spanked a part of Erika's body as they passed by. It felt amazing having so many hands all over her bare skin.

Finally, the two went up the staircase, and into a private room.

Erika looked up at her friend inquisitively.

"Go ahead!" Jenny nodded towards the door. "I know this is what you want".

Erika dropped her friend's hand and placed it on the doorknob.

Erika pulled the door open, revealing John standing there by himself.

Erika looked back devilishly at her friend before slamming the door shut.

The naked girl walked seductively across the room towards John.

Erika reached John, placing her hands on his dick from the outside of his jeans.

"How can I please you?" Erika asked, looking lustfully up at her new friend.

John smiled, unbuttoning his pants, pulling out his dick.

Erika kneeled down obediently, wasting no time in taking his hard cock into her mouth.

Erika moved her head up and down holding the base of Johns dick, seeing how far down her throat she could take him.

"Holy fuck," John stammered.

Erika was making quick work of him. Working his shaft up and down with her spit and hands. Every time Erika took him to the back of her throat, her mouth watered more. She drooled down her chin, leaving drops of spit over her tits.

"Am I making you happy sir?" Erika asked, still stroking the hard-wet dick swiftly, looking up at John seeking approval.

"Fuck keep going..." John gasped.

John grabbed the back of Erika's head and thrusted his dick back into her mouth, deep into her throat. Erika kept eye contact with John the entire time. She stared up at him lovingly as he moved her head up and down his dick, fucking the back of her throat.

Erika loved the feeling of being used to make John good.

"I'm cumming," John gasped.

John pulled his dick out of Erika's mouth. A long trail of spit followed, landing on Erika's tits.

Erika kept stroking John's dick, staring up at him sweetly.

John moaned, warm cum shot out and splashed all over Erika's already wet tits.

Erika let go of John, looking down at herself. She was a mess. Erika's upper body was covered in drool and cum. Not to mention the still clear writing on her chest.

Erika stood up, wiping her mouth.

"Thank you.." She smiled, kissing John passionately.

Erika turned around and skipped back towards the door, she looked back playfully at the now satisfied looking John before opening the door.

Jenny was waiting at the bottom of the stares.

"Get down here you little slut!" Jenny yelled to her friend, smiling.

Jenny looked her friend's spit and cum covered body up and down as Erika looked around, taking everyone's lustful stares in.

"Ready to earn that key?" Jenny asked.

"Yes please," Erika giggled.

Jenny turned away from Erika making another announcement.

"Attention everyone! My friend Erika has one more show for everyone before I let her go! Meet us in the front yard!" Jenny yelled to the party.

Erika looked up at her friend with a sense of shock on her face. What in god's name could they be doing in the front yard?

Jenny looked at Erika with a devilish grin.

Grabbing Erika by the hair on the back of her head, Jenny dragged the nude, cum covered girl back through the party. More hands, found her body, grabbing and feeling her all over.

Erika felt so used, so dirty, she felt like such an exhibitionist slut and she absolutely loved it.

Finally, they reached the front yard. The party goers formed a circle around Erika on Jenny's front lawn, along with a few other passersby.

Erika stared back at everyone staring at her.

"To earn your key back, its finally the moment I know you've been waiting for!" Jenny announced to her friend in front of the small crowd.

"Go lay in the middle of the street and make yourself cum in front of all of us, and the key is all yours!" Jenny said playfully to Erika.

Erika stood there, feeling the grass beneath her feet and twisting her nipples, giggling.

It was nearly twilight. Erika had been naked at Jenny's party for hours now, being passed around like a toy, disgraced, and finally used to satisfy one of Jenny's friends.

Erika knew she was hopeless. If Jenny asked her to do this right when she arrived there'd be no chance that she'd have the courage to pull a stunt like this. But given her current state, she couldn't wait to fuck herself in front of everyone.

Erika skipped to the sidewalk smiling nervously, looking both ways for any sight of cars, Erika walked slowly out to the middle of the road. The asphalt was still warm from the summer sun beneath Erika's feet as she stepped out from the crowd, and into the open street.

Erika's hands traveled up and down her body as she reached the middle of the road.

Erika turned, facing the crowd watching her from the sidewalk. She sat down, spreading her legs for her audience, and slowly beginning to play with herself.

The boldness of her situation was overwhelming to her, Erika now found herself completely naked, masturbating in front of at least thirty people in the middle of the street. Not to mention the word "SLUT" still clearly on display across her chest under a glistening layer of cum and spit.

This wasn't Jenny's party anymore; Erika was back in public. The party was used to seeing Erika prancing around naked, but now anybody could just walk by and she her in her current depraved state.

Erika started moaning. She had wanted this orgasm so badly for so long. One hand working feverishly on her pussy, plunging fingers into her wet pussy, taking them out, tasting herself, and rubbing her clit. Her other hand worked her breasts, she loved feeling Johns cum on her tits as she groped herself and pinched her nipples.

Erika was not shy about expressing how amazing she felt. Her eyes rolled back as she moaned loudly.

She could hear people talking, making comments about how hot she looked. She could hear cars in the distance again, this reminded her of how exposed and vulnerable she was.

"Oh fuck!! Yes yes yes!" Erika yelled out, feeling her orgasm getting closer.

Erika looked up lustfully at her audience. How slutty must she look right now, fingering herself in the middle of the street in front of a crowd of strangers.

Finally, it hit, Erika threw her head back, laying down on her back, Erika completely sprawled out as the first waves of her orgasm hit her. Erika practically screamed when the peak of her orgasm hit, rolling around in the street, feeling the warm asphalt on her entire body.

Wave after wave of ecstasy hit Erika as the party watched, almost in disbelief.

As Erika's orgasm subsided, she was left, sweaty and shaking in the middle of the road. Still slowly feeling her body up and down, while the final waves traveled gently through her body.

The evidence of Erika having one of the best orgasms of her life was quite apparent from the puddle she now laid in.

Erika laid there, smiling from ear to ear, breathing heavily and staring up at the sky.

Suddenly she heard Jenny approach her, followed by the metallic clink of her key hitting the asphalt next to her.

"Good job, you fucking earned this.." Jenny laughed, looking down at her naked friend.

Erika grabbed the key, standing up quickly. Erika grabbed Jenny by her shirt, pulling her in, and kissing her passionately on the lips.

"Thank you so much.." Erika said to her friend, staring deeply into her eyes.

Jenny could tell how much this evening meant to Erika.

"You're crazy girl... I never thought in a million years you had the guts to pull all this off" Jenny replied.

Erika quickly began to remember how much courage something like this would tale when she looked up from her friend, seeing the audience staring back at her, clapping with approval.

All of the nervousness Erika's arousal managed to stifle, almost immediately came crashing back.

A now clear headed and still naked Erika kissed her friend once more on the cheek. Key in hand, Erika waved shyly at everyone watching her.

"Bye everyone! I gotta get home now!" Erika clutch her apartment key with both hands to her chest, as she hurried through the crowd one more time.

Erika was nearly jogging down the sidewalk in the direction of her house, as Jenny's guests returned into her house.

After finally achieving the orgasm she wanted so badly, Erika's sense of shame came rushing back to her.

Erika looked down at her body as she moved along, listening to the gentle slaps of her bare feet hitting the sidewalk.

A final string of cum fell off of Erika's breasts and they jiggled, and Erika watched it hit the cement.

Erika laughed to herself, she really was out of her mind.

Erika move swiftly back through their neighborhood. She heard a car approaching, but she couldn't even bear to look up, she was on an absolute mission to reach the cover of her apartment.

The car passed without incident but got a clear picture of the words "Fuck Me" and "Spank Me" written clear as day on Erika's firm ass as she hurried along.

Finally, Erika saw a sight for sore eyes. The familiar building in which her apartment resides.

Erika broke out into a run; she didn't want her neighbors to see her in her current state. At least not yet.

She reached her door, inserted the key and threw herself into her living room.

Erika collapsed onto her floor, wasting no time in plunging her fingers back into her wet pussy. Erika laid on her carpet reaching orgasm after orgasm, playing back the evening's events in her head.

Finally, Erika laid there. Completely drained and satisfied. Tonight, had been beyond any of Erika's wildest dreams. She smiled to herself. She should be ashamed, but she was practically exploding with pride. She couldn't believe she actually did all of that!

Finally, a ding came from the cell phone she had left behind. Erika picked up her phone to see a text from Jenny.

"So.. What's next?" 
