Wardrobe Malfunction - Amber
byCopyCat13©

Amber is super excited about her quiet evening. After spending every single night for the last 2 weeks in a study group or trying to sleep through her roommates' ruckus, she can't wait to have a relaxing evening alone with Netflix. Once she finally finishes her long day of classes and gets home, she's just in time to say goodbye to her roommates who are going out of town for the weekend.

She'd just spent the last 2 hours trying to give an in depth technical presentation to a hundred classmates that clearly couldn't care less what she was saying. Frankly she just really needs to decompress so the second her roommates are out the door she goes right to her room to get started. She closes the door to her master bedroom and immediately kicks off her heels and unzips her pencil skirt letting it slide off her hips and to the floor. She begins unbuttoning her blouse and quickly shrugs out of it letting it drop to the floor as well. She begins walking to her bathroom as she unhooks her bra and let that fall as well. She turns on the warm water and finally slides her lucky panties off and is just about to step into the warm stream of water when she gets a better idea.

She runs back into her room and grabs her cell phone and quickly orders a pizza from her favorite place. They tell her it'll be about an hour so she knows she'll have plenty of time to take a relaxing shower and be ready when the pizza arrives. Then she hurries back to the shower and hops in.

Amber stands there luxuriating in the warm water until the hot water runs out. Then she finally gives up and turns off the water and finally gets out. She dries off and wraps her hair in the towel and returns to her bedroom. Now she has to decide what to wear. It's a little early to put on her pajamas but then again she isn't planning on leaving the house again tonight so there's no reason to put on real clothes.

As she debates the pros and cons of putting on pants she hears the doorbell ring. She goes to her bedroom window, pulls back the curtain, and peeks out so she can see the front stoop. The delivery driver apparently got there sooner than expected. She glances at the clock on her night stand and sees that it's almost 20 minutes ahead of schedule. The bell rings again and Amber realizes that the delivery person is getting impatient.

"Sorry, just a sec. I'm coming." She yells toward the front door and she starts looking for some clothes to throw on. She grabs the booty shorts she normally sleeps in off the floor and pulls them on. Her bedroom floor is covered in clothes and she grabs the nearest shirt which ends up being a plain white cami. She pulls that over her head and into place as she walks to the front door to answer it. 

She opens the door to see a cute young Asian girl. Amber guesses she's probably in high school still. "Sorry about that I was just getting out of the shower. Come on in while I grab my purse." She tells the girl.

Amber walks back to her bedroom while the delivery girl waits in the entryway. As she grabs the money out of her purse Amber silently kicks herself for panicking when the bell rang. That undid all the stress relief of the shower and it didn't even matter. It's not like it was a delivery guy, it's a girl. I could have answered the door butt naked and it wouldn't have mattered. At the very least I could have just wrapped myself in a towel like in some stupid movie or something. She returns to the door and hands the girl a 20 and tells her to keep the change. The girl thanks her, hands her the pizza, and leaves.

Amber takes the pizza over to the couch in her living room and sets it on the coffee table. The she goes to the kitchen and takes out the half bottle of wine she'd left in the fridge the other night and grabs a clean wine glass from the dishwasher. She curls up on the couch, pours herself a glass of wine, opens her favorite pizza, and turns on her Netflix account to start her own Doctor Who marathon.

A couple hours later her personal pan pizza is gone and her wine bottle is empty and she decides to take a short break from TV. She has a bit of a sweet tooth and wants some dessert. Amber hasn't been to the grocery in a while but she's hoping one of her roommates' has something good she can eat. First she checks the freezer hoping for some ice cream but there's nothing but a bunch of frozen TV dinners in there. Frustrated she starts raiding the cabinets and gets lucky when she finds a fresh package of Oreos.

Excited now she goes back to the fridge for some milk but is disappointed when she sees there's only a mouthful of milk left. God damnit. Why can't they ever just finish the jug and throw it out. This isn't enough milk for a glass or enough for cereal or anything else. So what do I do now? I really want these Oreos but I gotta have milk to go with them. I guess I could go get milk but is it worth it? In the end she decides it'll be nice to stretch her legs a little to walk to the store for some milk.

Even though she lives off campus, the nearest store is still the one on campus so that's where she decides to go. She can just walk there instead of having to drive. Amber debates putting on real clothes to go to the store but she really doesn't want to. She's very comfortable in what she's wearing and it's not like girls walking around in their pajamas is an uncommon sight late at night on campus. The she looks at the clock and realizes that it's not nearly as late as she thought it was. She'd thought it was after midnight but according to the clock it's only 9:30.

Oh well I can still just go in my jammies. I may get a couple looks but I doubt many people will notice. There's enough big boobed bimbos running around half naked that my little B cups won't get a second look. Even if I'm not wearing bra. Having decided to go as she is, Amber steps into a pair of plastic flip flops, tucks her cell phone and some cash in the waistband of her shorts and heads out. She lives in a safe neighborhood and she doesn't want to have to carry her keys with her so she just leaves the door unlocked as she leaves.

Amber walks down the block to the campus store and is surprised at just how much attentions she's getting. She'd assumed she'd get a few glances but never expected that just about everyone would look at her as she walked past. Apparently everyone expects a college girl to be dressed for a drunken night downtown instead of a being dressed for bed. Not used to so much attention she hurries along to the campus store.

She gets to the campus store and is surprised by how many people are there. Usually there's only a couple people but tonight there seems to be about a dozen. Even so it's nowhere near packed and she's able to get to the freezer without bumping into anyone.

She opens the door to the fridge and starts looking for the 2% milk. Why is like half the fridge skim milk? Skim milk sucks. Who even drinks that shit? The 2% is on the lower shelf and Amber leans down to get it. She never gets the one in the front. She always gets the jug 2 or 3 back from the front because it's usually fresher. Out of habit Amber bends at the waist which results in her booty shorts riding up and showing off her heart shaped ass to the whole store. Amber is oblivious to this though.

Apparently it's too much for one of the guys watching because as she's bent over struggling to get the jug free from the shelf she feels a sharp *SMACK* right on her ass. The smack hurts but worse than that is knocks her off balance and she falls into the fridge against the shelves full of cold milk. The shock from that means that it takes a few seconds for her to get upright and turn around to confront whoever smacked her butt. 

Too late though apparently. By the time she manages to turn around no one is within 5 feet of her but there are about half a dozen guys watching her and smirking. She glares at them hoping to intimidate one of them into confession or at the very least making some of them feel ashamed of themselves. It doesn't seem to be working though. If anything their smiles were getting bigger and a few of them started laughing while looking at her. Amber stands there her glare slowly turning to confusion over what's going on until she finally figures it out. 

She isn't used to going around braless so it didn't occur to her at first what would happen to her when she fell into the fridge. But she glances down now and the reality of her situation sinks in. Her nipples are rock hard and poking through her thin cami clearly visible. Even worse, when she fell against the milk the condensation on the jugs got her top a little wet. It's not enough to turn her white top see through but it is enough to make sure she'll stay cold a lot longer.

Even once she realizes all this it takes her a few seconds to react. The sheer oddness and embarrassment of the situation keeps her frozen in place for a few seconds. Then the reality of the situation sinks in and she can finally move. Amber crosses her arms over her chest and turns around to face away from her audience all while turning bright red. 

The extra warmth from her crossed arms and her deep flush warms her up enough to soften her nipples after about 30 seconds but by then it's too late. Everyone in the store already saw her before she managed to hide her chest so at this point she knows her efforts to hide are pointless. But she still has a job to do so she opens the fridge again and quickly gets her half gallon of 2%. This time she bends at the knees to keep anyone from targeting her butt again.

After a few seconds of struggle she manages to get the jug 3 back from the front out and carries it up to the checkout counter. Even the cashier smirks at her as she pulls some money out of her waistband to pay for her milk. Amber blushes all over again when she sees the young lady behind the counter's smile. She hurries out of the store and practically runs home.

Amber sits back on her couch and wants to cry. She hasn't been so humiliated in years. She fights back tears for a few minutes before it gets too much for her. The humiliation in the store brings back the memories of every humiliation in her life. When she walked in on her boyfriend fucking her sister in her own bed, when she'd wet her pants in 1st grade, the time her "friend" pantsed her in front of her crush, the time some guy untied her top in the pool and she'd been afraid of flashing the whole pool...

It's too much, all those memories on top of each other. The humiliation from each compounding slowly crushing her spirit and self-worth until she can't take it anymore and she breaks down. Amber curls up on the couch hugging her knees to her chest and resting her forehead on them. Her whole body is wracked by her sobs as she still fights for control of her body until even that leaves her and she starts crying uncontrollably.

An hour later she's out of tears. She isn't over the humiliation or her sadness she's simply out of tears and too exhausted from crying to even function. She stumbles to bed and collapses into it and curls up in her blanket. She falls asleep within seconds too exhausted to keep her eyes open a second longer.

