Breaking The Rules
by yellowjacket66

Wife on nude beach meets park ranger.

My wife Jennie and I were at a beach in South Carolina. We had rented a cottage for the week. The cottage was on a relatively deserted section of beach in a state park. We hadn't seen any other people on the beach except for a few joggers, one guy on a horse and two people walking their dog. The weather was very pleasant we were enjoying ourselves tremendously.

Jennie had taken the opportunity to sunbathe nude each day. She had a goal of getting a nice bronze tan all over her body and was succeeding to my delight. I wasn't sunbathing much and I wasn't naked. It's not my thing. I can't just sit for that long and I don't want to sunburn my pecker, so I spent my time body surfing or walking along the dunes. I did spend some time with Jennie reading a book and I acted as her servant, getting her food and drink from the cottage. I was delighted, as I said, to see my lovely wife laying in her altogether in the sun. Her golden pussy, her beautiful titties and her lovely legs and ass looked amazing as they glowed while she laid in the sun. When the other people who came along the beach passed, Jennie either ignored them of waved without covering herself at all.

It was Friday, and we were leaving Saturday evening. The sun was shining brightly and Jennie was reading a book while lying on her stomach. Her tanned ass was gloriously exposed to the sun's rays. I was coming out of the cottage with a drink for my bride, when I noticed a three-wheeled vehicle coming down the beach. As it got closer, I could see that the rider was wearing a uniform of some sort. He was a park ranger. The ranger drove to near where Jennie was laying and dismounted his vehicle and walked toward her.

Jennie leaned toward him as he said "Excuse me ma'am. Nude sunbathing is not allowed on the beach."

As I walked closer, Jennie stood up. To my surprise, she did not cover herself but stood up and faced the ranger, naked. She walked toward him as her took note of her tanned body. She figured that if she didn't think she was doing anything wrong, why act like she was by covering up. She asked, "Has someone complained?"

The ranger replied, "No, but you are breaking the rules by being naked on the beach."

Jennie asked, "Is it okay to be topless?" She seemed to push her lovely breasts toward him. Her breasts are a nice size, with nice dark nipples, which were poking out toward the ranger. I'd say she was as naked as the day she was born except that she didn't have hair on her blonde pussy when she was born.

The ranger said he wasn't sure. Jenny pressed him, "If no one is complaining and with no one around, what harm is there is my sunbathing nude? Does it offend you officer?"

The ranger stuttered at the question of whether he was offended by a beautiful naked woman lying on the beach. He finally said, "Well, you are breaking the rules."

Jennie continued as I watched, "I've been out here naked for the whole week and it hasn't bothered anyone. Don't you have some discretion on what you do?"

She continued, "Are you going to give me a ticket? Do you want to take my picture as evidence?"

The ranger was becoming more embarrassed. My wife noticed that he had an expanding bulge in his pants as he looked at her.

Jennie walked closer, standing right in front of him. She put her hand lightly on his neck. Her other hand moved to his crotch and rubbed the bulge in his pants that was the result of his hardening cock. "Maybe I could convince you to just forget about us and you could do more important things."

The guy was speechless. Jennie continued, "If I do you a favor, will you just leave us alone?" She grabbed his hand and put it on her breast. The ranger took advantage and rubbed her beautiful tit and held her nipple between his fingers.

Jennie pulled down his zipper as she dropped to her knees. She pulled his cock out of his pants and looked up at him. He just said, "Okay."

Jennie began to stroke the cock in front of her. She licked the underside and then took it in her mouth and began to suck on it. The ranger let out a groan and seemed to have trouble standing. Jennie looked at me as she continued. She pushed her head forward and took more of it in her mouth, relaxing her throat and taking the cock down her throat.

If you've never watched your wife suck another man's cock, you've missed a defining moment. My feelings were torn between excitement at watching my wife with another man; pleasure at seeing her do something sexual; and jealousy that another man had his cock in my wife's mouth.

I had my phone with me, so I took a couple of photos of her as she fucked his cock with her mouth.

She worked him over, pumping her mouth back and forth as the guy moaned in pleasure. She kept trying to take all of his cock down her throat. She can do that with me, but the ranger's dick seemed to be a little longer than mine. She gagged as she sucked him deeper and deeper. She finally got the whole thing in her mouth, her nose rubbing into his public hair.

That seemed to bring the ranger over the edge. I could see him pump his hips and moan as he shot his come into my wife's pretty mouth. The cum shot down her throat and as she pulled away, it continued to drip out of her mouth and spurt onto her chin and neck. Jennie smiled at him and licked the end of his cock, taking in all of his cum.

She stood up and smiled at him. "How was that?"

The ranger answered, "Fantastic. Thank you."

Jennie asked, "Are you going to arrest me?"

He said, "No. I'll just be on my way."

He zipped up and as he was walking away Jennie said, "We'll still be here tomorrow if you want to check on us again."

We watched the guy walk away and Jennie called me over. She just pushed me down on my back on her beach towel and lowered her pussy onto my face. Her cunt was dripping wet and she quickly came all over my nose, mouth and chin. Then I pulled her down to the blanket and fucked her, and fucked her.
