Victoria's Exhibition 
by MalicetheDevil

Victoria dares herself to push the limits of exposure at the pool.

Victoria had always been a bit more free with her sexuality than most. She had already tested herself around friends, experimented and tried various things. She found she didn’t really like anal, she wasn’t a slut, but she did like attention. For some reason, Victoria felt amazing when she knew she was turning someone on. When she could almost feel their arousal it made her feel invigorated.

She had recently read an erotic story online about someone being an “Exhibitionist” and playing with themselves in public. The story had been from a male’s perspective but she had been aroused reading it. She felt like trying something new, and each moment she thought about being exposed like that made her gush in private. She had finally come to terms and decided she needed to try it sometime. 

Victoria had a nice slender body, perfect 34C breasts, and perfectly smooth from the neck down. She kind of felt aroused when she looked over her body, but she wasn’t vain, just understood the sexuality that her body was beginning to emanate. She looked around the pool of the resort: couples played in the water, some ladies were sunbathing, one had even unfastened her top and was laying on her stomach with partial breast exposed. One man got out of the pool, his cock a little hard. He tried to hide it but it was already noticeable. She almost could sense the sexual frustration from all of them. She felt the frustration herself and she wasn’t sure what to do about it. Her heart pounded furiously every time the image of her masturbating in front of everyone entered her mind. 

She felt her juices flowing like the floodgates had been released at the thought of everyone seeing her naked and fingering herself to orgasm. She could almost hear herself screaming out with ecstasy as she would orgasm. Her body twitched at the thought. But it was an image, an imagination, and she couldn’t bring herself to step out to a possible arrest for lewdness, or indecent exposure, or some other charge. She wouldn’t enjoy that embarrassment and the consequences of an arrest. She wanted to exhibit herself, but she couldn’t find the courage.

She did slip her bikini bottoms down a little lower on her hips, acting as if to adjust for tan-lines. She felt the waistband press against her hips, hugging her lower body and confining movement.

She tried not to think about it. Closing her eyes, the images would flash of her naked body in the sun, the breeze on her skin, the eyes watching her. She saw images of a handsome man putting his throbbing cock into her, pounding her pussy. She felt the surge of electricity spark from her now soaking wet pussy. She needed a release. She thought about the locker room, it was private enough that maybe no one would walk in, but also if anyone did it would be a female, and common for a female to be naked. It was her only option, bar going all the way back up to her suite. 

She decided it would be the best option for her not to have more trouble, or get molested by some stranger. She didn’t want that either. She looked around at the pool and stood up, walked directly to the locker rooms. Once inside she quickly stowed her stuff. The locker room was huge, and even had a sauna and a little hot tub in the center. She wondered which would be best, sauna or hot tub. Her mind answered, “Why not both.” 

She smiled coyly as she quickly whipped off her bikini and stepped into the hot tub. She felt the water was a bit too hot, so she sat along the side and let her feet dangle in the water. The cool bricks she sat on felt nice against her swollen, hot pussy. She rubbed her clit a little, giving herself some stimulation, while she checked around for people. No one entered or was around so she rubbed her pussy a little harder, and slid fingers inside herself.

Victoria moaned, feeling her fingers inside. Touching her G-Spot, she felt a wave crash as she was becoming intoxicated by the feeling. Her feet now used to the water, she slid in, letting the bubbles caress her. She felt little bubbles around her pussy lips and clit. The jets and current swirled around and it felt nice as she continued to circle her clit with her fingers. 

She pinched her nipples and squeezed her breasts, rubbing faster and with a bit of pressure. She looked around again but no one still had come or gone. She felt glad but also disappointed, she had wanted to be exposed, to be daring and to be watched. She felt a little of the excitement drain. She had hoped the possibilities of someone walking in would’ve been enough, but it wasn’t. Her mind urged her to just stand up and walk outside, and pretend like she had just forgot or something. She felt compelled to get up and head for the door and at least open it a peek.

She hopped out and quickly opened the door a little. Some of the people had left, but there was still plenty enough around that she felt a bit of panic at the idea. She imagined some slob groping her and touching her, and she didn’t want that any more than she wanted charges. She released the door but it didn’t quite close, and she didn’t notice. She walked back to the hot tub and sat down on the side again. Kicking water she kind of waited for someone to walk in. 

A door opened and a maid came in, didn’t think anything of Victoria naked, just simply restocked towels and such, then left rather hurriedly. Victoria was now feeling even more disappointed that she wasn’t exposed, or anything: it was normal for a girl to be naked in a locker room. The idea of walking out to the pool naked held some excitement, begging her to continue and to actually commit to it. She wanted to badly - but fear was holding her back, and killing her mood.

She licked her fingers and began to rub her pussy again. Feeling the sensation of the orgasm slowly building inside her, she moaned a little, leaning back until she took a breast in hand. She squeezed and pulled at her breast, while her fingers danced in circles around her clit, building her orgasm more and more. She wanted to explode with an orgasm. Letting her fingers work, she closed her eyes and began to imagine Sasha touching her, and men she wanted fucking her, as well as the occasional image of her outside masturbating in front of everyone. 

She continued her frantic pace and felt her breath become shorter and heavier. She furiously rubbed her clit while writhing beneath and letting the motions circle each other. She pinched her nipples and rolled them in her fingers. She felt it build stronger, and, suddenly, it exploded. Her orgasm was sudden, and sent shockwaves that made her body twitch and buck. She cried out “Fuck!” as she climaxed. She dipped her fingers in her mouth tasting her own sweet nectar. She smiled and sat up, now noticing the door was ajar. 

She could see a lady across the pool whom bobbed and weaved her head a little as if to peer in and see what she was doing. Victoria wondered how loud she had just been, but instantly decided she didn’t care anymore. Her juices now dripping thickly, she stood up and walked out the door. Now, every eye was on her. She nervously grit her teeth and continued to walk beyond the door, out into the sunlight.

Victoria felt the breeze against her skin, wrapping her body in cool tingles. All eyes were on her and somewhere, through her determination, she heard whistles and cat-calls. Some whispers and talk but no one seemed to run for the authorities. She walked back to her chair, and sat down to bask in the sun. She felt the cool moisture between her thighs saturate everything. She was soaking wet and more alive than ever before.

A man came and actually blocked her sun. She opened her eyes. “Need lotion?” he asked, a half-stiffy so evident.

She smiled. “Already used it. Thanks.” She didn’t want the stranger to touch her; just to watch, just to see her in all her physical glory. 

He sat down, not taking the hint. “What’s your name?” His stiffy was getting harder and easily seen through his blue bathing suit.

“Look, I just want to be left alone. You’re blocking my sun.”

He still didn’t catch the hint and moved closer, his hand slipping between her legs and grabbing her pussy. She was shocked, and yet it turned the gears for reaction. She felt herself get wetter but the fact that this stranger was groping her made her react otherwise. She kicked him hard in the ribs. He fell on his ass and was shocked as she had been.

“I told you to leave me alone! Just because I'm naked doesn’t give you any right to it!” Suddenly, it wasn’t the men that clapped but many women not only clapped but cheered. She felt more empowered with the other females support instead of criticism.

The man, embarrassed, stood up, “Bitch,” he spat and stormed off.

The girl that had seen her from across the pool came over to her. 

“Just saw what happened. You alright?” she asked, so nonchalant about Victoria’s exposed body. It made her feel normal, and okay about being out naked.

She smiled, “I am fine, thank you.”

The female held out her hand. “Jessica.”

“Vikki, or Victoria,” she answered and gently shook Jessica’s hand.

Jessica hurried away and grabbed her towel and bag and walked back, taking a seat next to Victoria. With an audience now, she really began soaking the chair. After even being groped, her pussy ached to be touched. Still others around the pool couldn’t take their eyes away from her and she was relishing it.

When Jessica nestled down she smiled and said, “So you’re pretty damn daring coming out like that.”

Victoria replied, “You don’t even know the half of it.” Her pussy throbbed and she adjusted herself letting her legs open a little just to give a peek.

Jessica watched quietly, as did most at the pool. Some whispers were about her, but Victoria didn’t care anymore. They had already mostly accepted this - and she was going to push this as far as she could. It wasn’t like
 she would see any of them anywhere again.

She set her hand on her abdomen and felt the smooth skin near her engorged pussy. It began responding in kind. Her nerves tingled with every single sensation, the plastic of the chair, the air encircling her, the sun heating her, the moisture around from the pool. She felt it all and it was glorious as she began to rub her clit. She moaned softly.

“Are you masturbating?” Jessica asked not looking away either. No one seemed to do anything but watch, awestruck at the sheer display set before them. 

She used her juices to lube her clit as she began to slide her fingers around it, over it and inside herself. “Mmm-hmm,” she said through pursed lips.

“Out here?!” Jessica finally looked around but also saw everyone entranced by the performance.

Victoria opened her legs wider and really got into it. She knew it wouldn’t take long but she was determined. She played around her clit and teased it; it was already sensitive as hell from the first orgasm, but now, now she tensed, feeling a burst of readiness. A pre-orgasm spasm, she smiled, and decided it was now or never. She slid fingers inside, tickling her G-spot and slid them back out, then in, and out. Her other hand now worked circles with her clit, making the sensation of climax build ever faster. She cried out, “Oh yes! Yes! Fuck, yes!”

She felt her body begin to seize up, stiffen, ready to explode. She worked frantically to reach the height she craved. Then, like a rocket to the moon, her juices exploded from her, a rushing torrent of orgasm. She heard the splash of it on the concrete beneath and the thick drops of it as it dripped. She felt it on her thighs, and ass, as it dripped thickly down. She licked her fingers.

A guy yelled out, “Fuck yeah!” To which Victoria smiled with a satisfaction. She stood up, took a deep bow and walked as best as she could back toward the locker room. Her legs felt like jelly as she walked and she felt the little after-spasms as her pussy dripped more of her honey down her thighs and calves. She entered the locker room and nearly collapsed on a bench. But she felt she had to have one more before check out.

She began to circle her clit again, but then the door opened and Jessica flung herself through and began to lick Victoria’s swollen pussy. Her tongue wrapped and danced around her clit. She felt the orgasm build intensely and fast. Jessica continued to work her magical tongue and Victoria couldn’t muster a defense against it. She was close to climax and Jessica grabbed her tits while her tongue pressed her clit.

Victoria screamed this time, “Fucking God yes!” as her body convulsed into a raging orgasm, her pleasure being released like a geyser. She didn’t ejaculate this time but she gushed enough over Jessica’s face and mouth. 

Jessica stood and licked her lips. Victoria couldn’t utter a word as mini-spasms took her to a couple more little orgasmic bursts. “Thanks for the drink. You taste good, sweetheart.” Jessica said, and she understood an unspoken idea of a fling when she walked out of the locker room.

They wouldn’t see each other again, and it wasn’t like they even knew one another. But Jessica had taken an opportunity and it left Victoria breathless. Never again would she experience something like today, but she waited a few moments longer before she got up, dressed and left, taking the memory with her.
      