Bus Travel Malfunctions
by mulaydarwin

Intercity travel turns me on.

This was back in 2019 when I was travelling from Mumbai to Pune. I had booked a window seat on an AC Shivneri Volvo Bus. The bus had reached Panvel (end of Navi Mumbai) and was the last pickup stop for anyone headed towards Pune. At this stop, a mother-daughter duo got in. Now due to the weekend, the entire bus was booked except for two aisle seats namely the one beside me and the one beside the old woman in front of me. As an unwritten rule, usually, people don't request you to give up your pre-booked window seat in exchange for some aisle seat. Now that's where the fun began.

The daughter saw the two aisle seats and without any further delay just proceeded to load their luggage in the overhead compartment. The mother comfortably sat down in the aisle seat in front of me and I smiled to myself because this meant that the daughter would sit next to me. The real reason though for my smile was that she was 5′6″, looked around 24 years old, same as my age, was really gorgeous with a petite 36:24:38 figure and dressed quite casually as well, almost borderline revealing.

She had a red spaghetti strap low neck crop top which was so tiny that it looked like a bra which made me notice that she wasn't wearing one either:) On top of that, she had a translucent white shirt whose buttons began from her cleavage and the last button was just on her navel. Thus, the shirt barely reached her hipbones (at max) which themselves were accentuated by a pair of low-rise jeans. As I was a 24-year-old virgin just like most other Indian guys, I was bound to look at her and drop a few glances once in a while. I was admiring her especially when she was loading her baggage in the overhead compartment as this is when her shirt rose even further and her flat belly became even more visible. That is when I noticed something peculiar about her jeans that although they were hip-hugging ones (at least by their cut) that accentuated her figure, they seemed a bit lose and were dropping lower with the slightest movement. And when she tossed in the last bag is when I noticed her Calvin-Klein underwear as well which themselves seemed to be low waist as well. She didn't seem to know that her jeans were hanging really low by now and promptly she sat next to me (without hiking them up:)). I noticed the two dimples on her lower back as she was sitting down. She put on earphones and proceeded to watch something on her phone.

The journey went on and I was about to doze off when suddenly there was a loud thud which woke me up with a jolt. Her mother had dropped her phone and was asking her daughter to pick it up. That's when as luck would have it, the bus entered a tunnel and it became pitch dark. Initially, the girl tried to look for it while being seated. She bent over on her back and put on her own phone's flashlight. I could only imagine what her gorgeous rear would be looking like right now. While bending though, her right thigh started touching mine which turned me on however she didn't seem to notice.

That's when I offered to help and I said "Should I put on my flashlight as well?"

She said, "Yeah, please, that would be a great help, thank you!"

And of course, as soon as I turned on the light, it shone on her back and I noticed her beautiful asscrack followed by the amplest set of butt cheeks ever. All this while she was bent over and searching for it and that's when the bus took a hard left following the path of the tunnel. Now since she was on my left and as per Newtonian physics, she got thrust rightwards towards me. For a brief second my left hand touched her back as I tried to prevent her from falling on me. She gave a small squeal and said sorry.

I said "With pleasure" to myself.

Then I proceeded to shine my mobile torch to look for the phone which by now was directly below me between my legs. I picked it up and gave it to her. She thanked me and gave it to her Mom. And coincidentally that is when the tunnel ended as well. I was semi-hard already and hoped that she wouldn't notice it.

That's when she realized that in the pursuit, she has lost her phone! DUH! WTF? I told her that it must have happened during that sharp turn. She nodded and proceeded to look for it while seated and bent over, basically half mooning me and maybe a few others in the back on the opposite side of the aisle. Then she got up and said that she couldn't find it and I replied that it must have gone further ahead and indeed it was right below the old woman directly in front of me who was fast asleep. Even the girl's mother was asleep and anyway she couldn't have asked either of them to bend over to get the phone.

I said, "I could have helped but I was kind of bulky so probably I wouldn't even fit!"

She said, "No issues" and requested me to get up so she could retrieve it.

I got up and as she bent over and stretched her right hand to grasp the phone, I noticed her jeans had dropped even lower, however pulling down the underwear as well and now exposing 2 inches of her buttcrack. I got a full raging boner and looked around to see if anyone had noticed the circus going on but since it was afternoon, most people were fast asleep. Finally, she retrieved it and thanked me and promptly put the phone safely into her jean pocket. I sat down but she stood by, without realizing the state of her half undress due to the jeans. Moreover, the shirt had rolled up as well due to all these antics and the last button had been done off on its own. I was observing all this intently as she was adjusting her hair and wondered could she really not know that her jeans are falling and the tiny shirt has just undone the last button due to the recent gymnastics? Crazy huh! Finally, she did sit with a loud sigh and resumed watching her movie.

The journey went on and Lonavala came which was a resting stop for 20mins for everyone to freshen up. She got up and asked her mother to come along however she denied. So, we proceeded to go towards our respective washrooms. Now the funny thing here was, that the washbasins were outside and common for both the gents' and the ladies' washrooms. I got done with my business, calmed my buddy down and proceeded outside to wash my hands and found her already there washing hers as well. We smiled awkwardly and as I was washing my face, and she was doing her hair, I noticed that now not only had she ignored her shirt but also forgotten to button up her jeans as well. I was blown away by her mindlessness especially in broad daylight. I was wiping my hands and admiring her all the while noticing that the women were giving her dirty side glances and the men? well, men will be men of course.

I asked her whether she would like to have some tea/coffee and she joined me. We chat up with each other over the basics like introduction, hobbies, careers etc. all the while I was having a hard time maintaining eye contact. After all, it is not a daily thing to see a hot girl completely oblivious to her unbuttoned jeans having coffee with you in Lonavala. Suddenly the bus driver honked to signal us and as we were rushing towards our bus, she tripped over a small rock and I instantly extended my hand as she landed her waist and belly on it. This was another major turn on. She bent down swiftly to check her shoe and exposed her buttcrack again. Although she didn't seem to make a big deal of it, I blushed deep inside. She got up, and maybe due to the lack of time (or fucks to give) to adjust her jeans, she started running alongside me.

We boarded the bus and she was sitting down, I realized the jeans were now practically exposing a 3--3.5-inch buttcrack and a Calvin-Klein waistband of her underwear as well which itself had gone lower now, dangerously close to her pussy. She slept off while I tried to calm down my organ. As the bus entered the winding roads of the Western Ghats, I realized that she was bumping her head aimlessly on my shoulder. I wondered whether I should wake her up but decided otherwise. Whenever the bus took a sharp left, she would get thrown closer to me to a point where now her head was on my shoulder, her right thigh squeezed onto my left thigh and her right elbow poking my torso. I was on the verge of exploding within and felt some precum as well.

And that is when the ultimate thing happened, the bus took a hard 180 deg. left turn and she got thrown onto my lap, her head bobbing between my legs on my dick. Now I was thoroughly nervous and scared if her mother saw us like this, she would surely think I had done some shit. As the ghats ended, the girl became comfortable in the almost flat position she was in. Half her butt was now visible and, in the scuffle, to keep her on the seat and prevent her from falling down, I noticed that her other shirt buttons had also popped open. So basically, she lay on my lap, her knees bent upwards and shifted towards the seat and the shirt wide open. I gulped as I saw her state of undress, her boobs bouncing gently behind her red spaghetti strap top.

The bus came to a halt as the other toll plaza had arrived. This woke her up and she sat upright proceeding to adjust the hair all over her face. As she was doing so, her shirt was hindering her movement as it had practically come off, now resting on her elbows. She conveniently removed her shirt and not noticing that while doing so, both her spaghetti straps had also slouched down to either side, thus pulling down her top as well.

In her half-asleep stupor, she asked me, "How much longer?"

I said, "About half an hour is remaining."

As the bus left, she dozed off again on my shoulder but this time I could see down her top between her breasts. With each bounce, they were gently bringing down her top ultimately to a point that they were exposed halfway as the nipples were threatening to pop out. I enjoyed the view and thought to myself what a lucky day indeed. Such a treat! Wow!!

When the bus reached Pune, her mother called her out to tell her to keep the baggage ready. After no response, the mother turned around and as she did, I quickly pretended to sleep on the window. My heartbeat was racing and I was half expecting to be reprimanded by her mother instead she smacked her daughter on the belly out of sleep.

She got up with a jolt and screamed "Why the hell did you hit me!"

The Mom said "Why the hell weren't you answering me?!

"And what is this!?"

"Have you lost your mind?"

"Huh! sleeping on a strangers' shoulder?"

"And why are you in this state of undress? Might as well go NAKED!!"

"Get up right now and get down the luggage!!!"

The daughter started muttering, "I am an adult, I can make my own choices blah blah!"

Eventually, she got up, not bothering to adjust herself and pulled out all the bags from above. She smiled at me saying that she was sorry for her Mom's temperament and also apologized if all this had woken me up.

I bluntly said, "It's okay, no issues."

Her mother then eyed her belly and signalled her to button up and as she was doing so, she realized that her button had popped off!!

I offered her a towel that she could wrap around but she said, "No, even I have one but it is somewhere way down the bottom of the suitcase."

Quite amicably she put both her hands in her jeans pocket to pull them up but instead broke off the zipper in the process! She gave a small shriek as her jeans were practically on the verge of coming off.

She smiled awkwardly at me wondering what to do and I said reassuringly, "At least you have your underwear on!"

She guffawed with laughter and went on to adjust her hair one last time but when she raised both her hands, the straps of her top broke off. After she lowered her hands down, the top exposed half her nipples. My eyes grew wide:) Never in my life had I ever witnessed such back-to-back accidental wardrobe malfunctions!! I was stunned but more so by her confidence. She looked down at her breasts, tried to adjust her top, but in vain and sat down again. Then as their stop came, she waved me goodbye and I waved back regretting deep down for not getting her number.

That is when I realized that she had forgotten her shirt which was lying next to me on her seat. I picked it up and was about to get up and rush to give it to her when I looked out the window, I noticed her running across the road with her mom. The running was pulling down her clothes even further but she couldn't do anything about it as she had luggage. Her Mom gave her another loud smack, this time on her ass. As it jiggled, the bus pulled away as well. I swear I craned my neck 180 deg. to see the girl's reaction but alas I missed it!!
