Bikini Fight
by Captain Quixote

A day at the beach let Cassie, Kelly and Crissy enjoy their favorite pastime, turning heads! One well built girl in a bikini like that gets attention. Three of them get a lot of attention. All the while they passed their camera around for each of them to take pictures, trying to make certain that each picture captured a stare of either lust from a man or envy from a woman.

After a while, Kelly started to notice that Crissy was getting just a bit more attention than she was. It may have been Crissy's smaller swimsuit, or it may have been her slightly bigger boobs, but it was more than likely just Kelly's imagination and proclivity for jealousy. Whatever the case, Kelly was inspired to give Crissy just a bit more attention than she wanted as they posed for a picture. Waiting for just the right moment, as several men were watching and right before the camera clicked, Kelly swiftly yanked Crissy's bikini bottoms to her knees.

Crissy of course shrieked and pulled them back up, then started yelling, "What do you think you're doing!"

"Oh lighten up, it was just a joke." Kelly smiled casually as though no offense could possibly have been taken.

For a little while, Crissy played along with that, seeming to take it in good humor. She didn't though. Having her pussy on display to a handful of strangers, and even having that moment saved for posterity was more than she was willing to take. At least not without getting even. At her next opportunity, she managed to pull one side of Kelly's bikini top over for a picture.

"EEEP! Crissy! Don't do that!"

"Turnabout's fair play."

And so it was, but this would keep turning about. Crissy had one of her breasts bared a few minutes after. Kelly kept a careful watch for a while after that so Crissy had to wait but she finally had the opportunity to untie Kelly's bikini top at a vulnerable moment.

"Ha ha ha! Hey everyone! Look at her boobies!"

Expecting Kelly to be too busy retying to get even right away, Crissy had her back turned, posing sweetly for the camera. That picture had Kelly, bikini top undone, in the background, sneaking up on her. Then another photo would show Crissy's top untied, falling down to expose her.

By then, they had the attention of dozens of people. They didn't quite gather a crowd, as no one wanted to interfere in a way that might stop the entertainment. Kelly struggled to finish untying Crissy's top, and that brought them both down into the sand. They had to roll off of the hot sand, but there were a couple of towels that were vacated in response to the wrestling. Once Kelly and Crissy were there, the bikini fight continued. Crissy had a good grip on Kelly's bottoms, tugging them off. Kelly finally managed to get Crissy's top off completely and tossed it away. All the while, Cassie kept clicking pictures as she laughed at her friends. Kelly's bottoms were off and Crissy's were soon to follow in Kelly's grip. The spectators were enthralled, laughing, pointing, cheering and even a few making bets. Still, the camera kept taking pictures. The girls were so intent on stripping each other that they made little effort to protect their own swimsuits. Kelly's top came off and was tossed away just moments before Crissy's bottoms followed.

There they were, both of them completely naked out in public. As they stood up, they suddenly became aware of all the onlookers. A high pitched double scream sounded as they used their arms cover. Both of them began to blush deeply as they stared helplessly at all the eyes staring at them. At least the only camera in sight was their own.

They glanced around for their bikinis. Only one pair of bikini bottoms was anywhere to be seen and that was in the hand of a man who was quickly striding away, glancing back with a smile. He was already far enough that he could outdistance them easily, and where were the rest of their swimsuits?
Then they heard the click of the camera. Their bewildered eyes stared at Cassie taking their picture. Then Cassie could see some real anger. Crissy yelled, "They took our swimsuits and you let them because you were too busy taking pictures?!" Kelly was moving before Crissy even finished her sentence. They grabbed Cassie and started pulling at her bikini. "How do you like it?," Kelly shouted as one of Cassie's breasts met the stare of strangers. Cassie dropped the camera and tried to fend them off, pleading, "It wasn't my fault!" By then the girls were too determined though. Kelly was pulling at her top and Crissy was after her bottoms, so Cassie could only protect one or the other. In moments she was topless. Then the girls started tugging her bottoms off together. Cassie let out a series of embarrassed little yelps. She couldn't believe she was being stripped naked by her friends in front of a bunch of strangers.

Cassie's bottoms were thrown to a random spectator as she tried to cover up as best she could. Then she noticed, "He's taking our picture!" Some guy had taken the camera that Cassie had dropped. He had snapped several pictures of them already. He showed no signs of stopping either.

"Give it back!" Kelly yelled, but he started to move away. As the girls moved forward, he started to run away.

"Hey!" "Come back!" "That's our camera!" The loss of the camera would have been bad enough but it was filled with naked pictures of all three of them.  They couldn't let it get away. They ran after him at first covering with their hands, but he gained too much distance so they had to give that up and run fully exposed. A lot of people on the beach that day were surprised to see the chase. They got far enough that most people watching didn't even know how this started. Seeing the thief chased by three naked women had several men saying, "Lucky bastard!"

Eventually, he made his way to the sidewalk with the girls still in hot pursuit, desperate to get the pictures back. That was when disaster struck. There were two police officers standing outside their car.

"Stop right there!" The two cops felt both surprise and gratitude at having to apprehend three attractive young women for indecent exposure. The girls' hearts sunk at this turn of bad luck and they began to cover up again demurely.

"But he's got our camera!," Crissy cried.

"So why aren't you wearing anything?" a cop demanded

"Someone stole our bikinis," Kelly explained.

"Someone stole your bikinis and you opted to chase the guy with your camera?" the other cop asked incredulously.

"Uuuh..." The girls were at a loss to explain. They didn't want to admit that they had torn each others' swimsuits off. That would only make this worse. "You don't understand officer," Cassie demanded. "There's naked pictures of us on that camera! You've got to get it back!"

By then, that was impossible. The camera thief was long gone and the girls could only groan at the thought that their pictures were now the property of some pervert. At best he would keep them for his own entertainment. At worst, they would end up on the internet.
Their troubles weren't over though. The two officers hadn't believed their story and had decided to arrest them. One by one they were handcuffed. They couldn't even cover now as people all over stared! As she was being handcuffed, Cassie complained, "There's another camera!" Someone was indeed taking pictures of them being arrested naked. "Don't let him take pictures!" The officers seemed oblivious though. They read the girls their rights while they were exposed to the world.

Once they were in the car, the officers called in a report of indecent exposure. The cops smiled to themselves. They were about to be the heroes of the station house and with everyone knowing what was coming, there would be several more cameras there for the girls to worry about.


