Naked Punishment at School
by ENFAuthor

This is an old story that I posted 3 years ago on YourEmbarrassingMoments.com. I thought I would post it on here since someone asked about it in the discussion board. At the time I made it sound true because YEM only likes true embarrassing stories, but it’s actually completely made up.Hope you enjoy! And take pitty on me, it’s a very old story so writing isn’t as good.

So, I go to a Girl’s only school and there is a strict policy there. We have to wear our uniforms everyday except every other Fridays where we can wear almost anything we want.

So anyways, one Friday, I was arguing with my mom. “You are NOT wearing THAT to school!” Mom yelled.

“Well, I’m NOT wearing that STUPID outfit that you picked out!” I yelled back.

“You have one last chance to change out of that outfit,” my mother warned.

“NO!” I shouted.

My mom looked like she was going to force me into the outfit, but then she said, “Fine.”

She yanked down my shorts and panties. Then she ripped off my shirt and pulled off my bra. She then yanked my right arm pulling me out of my bottoms. She twisted me around and smacked my backside. It left a pink area that looked like a hand. She then grabbed my backpack and pulled me out the door naked. “Mom! Stop! I- I can’t go out there like this! Please, I’m sorry!” I begged.

“I’m sorry, young lady, but you had your chances. You are now going to school naked, whether you like it or not, and don’t worry, I will be contacted your principle to let her know about your attire,” she said.

We soon pulled up to the school (we practically live right next door). I saw a crowd of people pushing through the doors. Someone would see me and point it out. “Mom, PLEASE! Don’t do this. I’ll wear anything, please. I promise I’ll be good from now on!” I pleaded.

“Oh, I’m sure you will keep your promise after today, but you are either going to step out, or I can come over there myself and yank you out, either way you’re going naked,” she said.

I reluctantly opened the door and got out slamming the door behind me. Imediatly I heard whispers like, “Is that Amanda Ryling naked?” “OMG! She’s NAKED!”

I blushed and walked to my first period class. I sat way in the back, but my teacher noticed and said, ”Amanda, please swap seats with Jessie.”

I got up and walked to the front. Soon after the bell rang and class started. About thirty minutes before class ended, Mrs. Olson (my teacher) said,” Come to the front, Ms. Ryling.”

I slowly got up doing my best to cover up. “What do you think you’re doing, coming to school, or anywhere for that matter, naked?” she asked.

“My mom-“

“You know the rules. No inappropriate clothing, and this is definitely inappropriate,” she scolded placing a chair sideways in front of the chalkboard.

She sat down pulling me across her lap with my bare bottom in the air, mooning my classmates. She then proceeded to spank me right where my mom had spanked me. She said, “After I am done with you, young lady, you will regret coming to school without any clothes. I will guarantee you, you will be utterly embarrassed not only in front of this class, but in your other classes, and possibly in front of the whole school. Do you understand?”

Through sobs I said, “Y-Yes, ma’m.”

She continued to spanking until my bottom was very red. She then made me stand in the front corner with my nose against the wall and knees bent making my goods show. The bell finally rang. 

This process continued throughout the day. The worst one was P.E, where I had to run, do pushups, curl ups, and other things in front of the class, without my gym clothes. Then at the end of the day, we had an assembly made specially for me where I was given a spanking in front of the entire school, all staff and students laughed the entire time, some even took photos and videos. The Tech and Theatre teachers used video cameras to film the whole thing. To make it worse today there was a special yearbook photo taken that would say ”Amanda Ryling being spanked for being naked at school”. 

Then I had to walk home because my mom had to pick up my brother from his school. When I got home my mom, dad, brother, and his friends were sitting on the couch. I was then spanked in front of everyone and forced to stand in the corner while my brother and his friend gawked and took photos. One thing’s for sure, I never ever argued, complained, or talked back to my parents and teachers again. I also never lived it down.


