Naked on the Ohio
byBluDawg15©

Jane and I were wanting to get back to the Ohio River for some boating and skiing and decided to invite another couple (Darrell & Ellen) who we knew to be adventuresome.

We finished loading the boat about the time Darrell and Ellen pulled into our driveway, so everyone got in the truck and we headed out.

When we arrived at the Shawneetown boat ramp, Darrell and I launched the boat while the girls parked the truck and trailer.

One thing about Jane & Ellen that you need to know. They are both very competitive and whenever they get together, it seems they are always trying to outdo each other. And believe me, this can make for some fun times.

When the girls showed up after parking the truck, both Darrell and I were bug eyed looking at them. Both girls had on mesh thong bikini bottoms showing camel toes and cut off T-shirts that left the bottom of their boobs exposed, barely coming to the bottom of their nipples. Darrell and I just look at each other and grin. This morning the girls just seem to ooze sex and have that natural come fuck me aura about them. It's Going to be a good day...

The girls are both knockouts and very easy on the eyes. Linda is 5 feet 2 inches, weighs 107 pounds, light brown, shoulder length hair, blue eyes and C cup boobs with sensitive light pink nipples that just beg to be sucked on. She has a flat stomach and a butt that will cause you to walk into a wall while watching it move. She keeps her pussy clean shaved all the time and has a small butterfly tattoo just to the side of her camel toe. Smoking hot.

Eva is 5 feet 3 inches, 105, blonde shoulder length hair, blue eyes, firm C cup boobs with proud sensitive nipples. Like Linda, Eva has a flat tummy and a sexy butt with a sway that draw men's attention wherever she goes. She keeps her blonde public hair trimmed in a small landing strip (natural blonde - drapes match the carpet) over her pussy and everything else is clean shaven. Just oozes sex.

As the girls walk down to the river bank where we are waiting, their bikini bottoms and cut off t-shirts are getting a lot of attention from the guys around the boat ramp, and some seriously envious and annoyed looks from the lady's present. Both girls are putting a little extra swing in their butts and bouncing their tits a little more than normal. They would both deny doing it, but I know better, they love the attention.

Everyone gets on board and we start the day with homemade Bloody Mary's, mixed extra strong, Ohio river-rat style. With drinks in hand, the girls pull their tops off exposing their gorgeous tits and we head up river towards a small island in the middle of the river where boaters often congregate to party. Darrell and I are really enjoying the boat ride as every time the boat hits a wave, the girls boobs jiggle. Just love watching those boobs bounce around.

When we arrive at the island we find that it's deserted and we are the only boaters around. BONUS..., we can do whatever we want. (Read this as go naked.)

After unloading our coolers, towels, food, etc., everyone is ready for some water skiing. The girls want to ski first and being already topless, decide to ski without a top..

We get the boat out in the river and girls are having a blast skiing, cutting back and forth across the wake, swinging out beside the boat, and jumping air-borne over the wake when possible. After a bit they decided they have had enough and we circle around to pick them up.

While the girls are climbing aboard, we hear the heavy thrum of a tugboat engine. Not wanting to be in the way of the tug and barges, we head back to the island for a snack and a couple of beers to watch the tug go by.

While the tug is passing by, the girls being topless with just mesh thongs on, wave and yell to get the tug captains attention. Once they have his attention, they wave and jump up and down causing their boobs to bounce around in the process. Jane decides to up the game and drops her bikini bottom and moons the boat, causing Ellen to respond by showing the tug her landing strip above her shaved pussy. This results in the tug air horn being blown which causes to girls to laugh and high five each other.

As I said, the girls are very competitive and push each other when together. This time, Jane stands up, looks at Ellen and says, get naked, we are going to ski beside the tugboat and give them something to really blow that horn about.

We hop in the boat and give chase after the tug. Once we catch up, we stop the boat and this time leaving their life jackets off, both girls jump in naked, get their skis on and off we go chasing the tug with the girls bare assed naked on skis.

In just a few minutes we have caught the tug and pull up even with the pilot house of the tug. Both girls start yelling and waving at the tug to get the crews attention while.

When they get the captains attention, the word evidently went out through the boat and crew members started appearing on deck all over the place.

Both girls are really into the boats crew looking at them and with their free hand, begin rubbing over their bodies, squeezing their boobs and nipples, cupping their butt cheeks, as well as playing with their pussies. The crew members are yelling and gesturing at the girls and some of the crew have cameras and cell phones out.

Eventually the girls have had their fun and signal they are ready to quit. They blow the crew a kiss and drop into the water to await pick up.

Climbing back into the boat the girls are really excited and pumped. They give each other a high five and a naked hug telling each other, they couldn't believe what they just did. It's decided that the event needs to be celebrated with pictures and they should both be naked.

Ellen pulls Jane close in a full-frontal hug, holding their naked bodies together as both girls reach down and hold each other's butt cheeks for the first photo. Other than side boob and side butt cheek, you really can't see much.

For the next photo, they stand side by side with an arm around each other's waist in a full-frontal nude shot. Ellen turns to Jane and says, are you as horny as I am? Jane in reply leans forward and kisses Ellen on the lips, who in turn responds with an open mouth, kissing her as their tongues explore each other's mouths.

Both girls are really turned on and I snap the third photo of them kissing and placing their hands on the others breast and tweaking their nipples. With their skimpy tan lines accenting their bodies, the photo is really hot and captures their sexual arousal.

Breaking their kiss, Jane comments that the lips of Ellen's pussy look really wet and swollen, and that she should examine it. She then kneels down in front of Ellen's pussy and lightly caresses Ellen's clit while brushing against the lips of her pussy. Ellen responds with a moan and with her knees almost buckling from the pleasure of Jane's caress, Ellen uses her hand to hold Jane's hand in place and begins to grind her pussy against Jane's fingers.

Removing Ellen's hand from hers, Jane then presses her mouth against Ellen's mound and begins licking and sucking on Ellen's pussy. Jane is slowly licking Ellen's vaginal lips and then she ends each lick with a teasing of Ellen's clit. As Ellen's passion level rises, Jane begins inserting fingers into Ellen's pussy and then finger fucking her. By the time Jane has three fingers in Ellen's pussy, Ellen is matching each thrust of Jane's fingers with a thrust of her hips against Jane's hand.

Ellen is soon on the edge of a monster orgasm, her pussy lips are swollen, she is leaking pussy juice and her nipples are rock hard as she trembles in anticipation of her coming orgasm. Whimpering and trembling with lust, Ellen's orgasm crests and she grasp's Jane's shoulders to keep from falling. . Jane's head is buried in Ellen's pussy licking up the flood of juice coming from Ellen's sex tunnel as Ellen rides the intense wave of pleasure, Ellen's chest and breasts are rising and falling with each wave of pleasure, while her head falls backward. Ellen's legs finally give out and she falls to the seat cushions where she finishes the waves of sexual release her body is experiencing.

After Ellen's orgasm, Jane and Ellen begin kissing again, hungrily exploring each other's mouth with their tongues. Ellen has moved one hand to Jane's clit and the other is tweaking Jane's nipples. Ellen then begins moving down Jane's body kissing, sucking and nipping as she moves to her breasts. Jane's nipples are rock hard and have gone from a light pink color to a dark red hue. Her breathing gets heavier as her arousal level rises as Ellen takes Jane to higher and higher levels of desire. Ellen, while rubbing and squeezing Jane's breasts, take her nipples in her mouth and sucks, licks and bites them, causing Jane to moan and squirm from the jolts of pleasure shooting to her pussy.

As Ellen kisses her way to Jane's pussy, Jane lays back, grabs an extra cushion and places it under her butt elevating her pussy and giving Ellen easier access to it. Ellen begins to tease Jane's pussy lips, alternating lightly stroking it with her fingers, then lightly touching it with her tongue. Ellen has Jane so horny, she is to the point that lubrication moisture is now running from Jane's pussy, down her butt crack and landing on the seat cushion, Ellen replaces her fingers with her tongue and mouth, stroking and flicking her clit while lapping up the moisture leaking out.

Jane, already being in a highly aroused state from pleasuring Ellen, begins groaning and whimpering as her orgasm builds in her pussy. Her nipples are rock hard, her hands are gripping Ellen's head and holding it on her pussy as her orgasm explodes on her and she is riding a pure wave of pleasure. Jane's back is arched pushing her breasts out with her hard nipples pointing skyward and her head is thrown back with her mouth open in a silent scream of released passion and pleasure.

After what seems like minutes, Jane's orgasm subsides and both girls lay with their arms wrapped around each other. Lightly stroking each other's back and butt cheeks while softly kissing each other, they are whispering back and forth about how sexy each other is and how much they liked having sex together.

When the girls have recovered, we decide to get some more skiing done with everyone getting a couple sessions in. The general rule of the day is, girls ski topless, just wearing their mesh thong bikinis, the guys wear their swim trunks while skiing, while in the boat, everyone is naked. Whenever anyone needs lotion, the couples swap partners for this procedure, everyone getting plenty of free feels of the others spouse.

Eventually the afternoon is passing and we have to call it a day and head for the boat ramp. Reluctantly everyone gets clothes back on and we reach the ramp, load the boat and make our way out of the ramp area.

Deciding we weren't quite ready to call it a day, we stop at a local river rat bar that we are familiar with for a couple of beers.

The girls decide to be a little more conservative in their dress inside the bar as it can be a little rough at times. After a short discussion and some dares between them, they both decide on mesh bikini tops that barely contain their breasts and allow a view of their nipples through the mesh. Jane puts on low rise, hip hugger, cutoff jeans and Ellen wears a hip hugger short mini skirt. Neither girl wears panties.

Jane's shorts are a bit loose on her which leaves them constantly on the verge of falling down, often gaping open at the waist allowing a clear view down the waist line to her pussy in the front or her butt crack in the back. The legs of her shorts are short enough and large enough it's not all that difficult to get a glimpse of her pussy if she crosses her legs or bends over.

Ellen's skirt on the other hand is very low cut with the top being just inches above her camel toe and just above her butt crack in back. The hem ends about 4 inches below her butt cheeks and any bending or reaching will show her ass and pussy to anyone watching.

We make our way inside and grab a table in the back by the pool tables. Darrell and I head for the bar to grab the beers. While at the bar, the girls are making sure they give us beaver shots every time they catch us looking their way with Ellen spreading her legs and Jane pulling the leg of her shorts open. Darrell and I are both sporting bulges in our trunks by the time we get back with the beers.

We return with the beers and one of the pool tables has opened up. Ellen challenges Jane to a game and both girls get up to play. Neither girl is a pool player so they are getting their money's worth on the amount of shots taken.

The girls pool game quickly becomes the more popular of the two tables to watch. Word has spread through the bar that their tops are see though mesh and they have no panties under their shorts or skirts.

Every time the girls would bend over to shoot, everyone's eyes went to either their boobs or if they were standing behind the girls, then they watched their butts, hoping they would bend over enough to show their pussy lips.

Jane would from time to time between shots, put her foot on the seat of a chair and stand on one leg. The loose-fitting shorts and the large leg opening on them allows her pussy to come into view when she puts her foot on the chair. More than a few guys changed their position in order to get a glimpse of her pussy.

Ellen, having a sandal that wasn't cooperating, made several attempts to fix her sandal between shots by also putting her foot on the seat of a chair. This in turn caused her skirt to ride up giving the watchers a great view of her camel toe and moist vagina lips.

Eventually the girls managed to make all the balls and it was decided we needed to leave for home as it was getting late. As the girls walked out of the bar, there were more than a couple of guys adjusting hard dicks straining to get out of their pants. I am guessing both girls were visualized that evening as guys jacked off at home or as they fucked their wives.

As we reached the truck all of us were so horny we were about to explode. It was decided that Jane and Darrell would ride in the back and Ellen and I would ride in the front.

The girls decided they should give us guys blow jobs for giving them such a fun day showing off.

Jane was the most excited as she loves to suck cock. (Just a note here, the four of us, Darrell & Ellen, myself and Jane) use to get together and swing for several years, but had drifted apart and hadn't seen each other for quite some time.)

For Jane, not having seen Darrell in several years and now getting the chance to suck his hard cock, was almost like getting to suck a new dick that she had never seen before.

It's unfortunate for Jane that Darrell and I have the same size dicks, 6 to 6 1/2 inches in length, with our thickness, being above average. By us being the same size, it will be just like sucking my dick size wise.

In no time Jane gets Darrell's bathing suit off of him and has him laying naked in the back seat. She then proceeds to suck his balls into her mouth one at a time, while stroking his cock with her hand. Darrell's dick is coated with pre-cum and Jane slowly licks it off his dick and his stomach, enjoying the taste of every lick.

After getting all the pre-cum licked from Darrell's cock, Jane then sticks her tongue into the tip of his dick and licks up the pre-cum dripping from his hole. Having licked the pre-cum from the shaft and head of his dick, Jane starts to jack his dick, milking all the pre-cum she can get out of his dick, licking it up as it appears. Jacking his dick with one hand, she cups his balls with the other, massaging them while making love to his stiff cock.

Darrell already being in a highly aroused state from watching the girls sexual show all day, doesn't last long before his orgasm is on him. Warning Jane that he is about to come, he explodes in pleasure, pumping three huge loads of cum into Jane's mouth. Jane besides loving to suck cock, is also a swallower and hearing Darrell say he is about to come, takes all of Darrell's dick into her mouth and deep throats him, taking all three loads in the back of her throat, swallowing every drop.

As soon and Darrell recovers, I pull the truck over and the two couples swap seats, Darrell and Jane getting in front with Darrell driving while Ellen and I get in the back seat.

I am already hard from watching as much as I could through the rearview mirror, when we get in the back seat, Ellen proceeds to strip me naked, taking her time removing my clothes and running her hands over my chest and tweaking my nipples, while working her way down to my dick. When she pulls my swimsuit off, she takes my balls in her mouth and sucks on each of them individually, while stroking my dick.

Like Jane, Ellen enjoys sucking cock and explores my clean-shaven dick and balls, licking and sucking on every inch. In my state of arousal, the pre-cum is flowing out of my dick and dripping down the side, Ellen seeing this, proceeds to lick the fluid from my dick and stomach, then takes the head of my dick in her mouth while milking it for more pre-cum.

Ellen then proceeds to deep throat my dick, stroking its length with her lips and mouth. I try to prolong the pleasure of her actions, but after being stimulated sexually all afternoon by the girls, there is no holding back when Ellen sticks her index finger in my ass, triggering a monster orgasm that sweeps me up in pleasure. As I explode, I shoot three huge loads of cum into Ellen's mouth, emphasizing each load with a thrust into her mouth. Ellen swallows the first two loads but the third one is too much and part of it escapes and dribbles down her chin onto her bathing suit top. After I have come, Ellen using her fingers, wipes up the spilled cum and seductively licks it from her fingers while looking deep into my eyes.

My pleasure wave over, I collapse on the seat and lay there for a few minutes until I get enough strength to set up. Ellen leans over and gives me a passionate kiss on the mouth and says, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did". I can only smile, nod and return her kiss.

Swapping drivers and couples again, Darrell undresses Jane, letting his fingers gently rub against Jane's breasts and nipples as he removes her top. Moving to her shorts, Darrell doesn't have to unbutton them as they fit loosely and he just pulls them down slowly, revealing her shaved pussy as they come down.

Jane now naked, lays down in the back seat and Darrell kneels on the floor, which allows him to get between Jane's spread legs and get access to her pussy. After being constantly in a sexual state all day, Jane was once again consumed by the need for an orgasm. Darrell starts by kissing and licking around her camel toe, slowly working his way to her vagina lips where he licks and sucks each one before moving to her clit. Jane's clit was standing straight up and protruded noticeably out of her sex. Darrell gently at first teased her clit with his tongue before eventually engulfing her in his mouth and flicking her clit with his tongue while sucking her pussy.

While I was driving, I wasn't able to see what was going on in the back seat, however, I could listen to what was taking place and smell the aroma of sex that has filled the cab of the truck.. Ellen on the other hand, twisted around in the front seat and watched Darrell and Jane. Occasionally, Ellen would reach out her hand and rub one of Jane's nipples or caress her breast while making her own comments on the action.

Ellen is really turned on now from watching Jane and Darrell having sex. Reaching behind her, she proceeds unclip and then remove her bikini top, then reach down and unzip and slip out of her mini skirt, leaving her naked in the front seat with me. I glance down and see that Ellen's clit is hard and extended out, and her pussy lips were swollen with moisture leaking out of her pussy and pooling on the seat. Being caught up in the backseat action she plays with her hard nipples and occasionally strokes her pussy as she watched.

Jane was close to exploding once again when she stopped Darrell and told him she wasn't ready to come, she wanted him to fuck her pussy. Jane got up off the seat as Darrell got out of the floorboard and sat on the seat. Jane swung her leg over Darrell's lap and impaled her sex hole on Darrell's hard ridged dick. Jane then proceeded to ride Darrell, grinding her clit into Darrell's groin as her pussy was being pounded.

While Ellen and Jane were playing with Jane's breasts, Darrell cupped Jane's butt cheeks and worked one finger around and tried to enter into Jane's butt hole. At Jane gasped and was tense, making entry for Darrell's finger to difficult. Darrell then stuck his finger into Janes pussy to get lubrication, then slowly and gently continued to work his finger into her ass, Jane eventually relaxed her muscles and Darrell was able to work his whole finger into her and began finger fucking her tight ass, sending yet another set of sensations through Jane's vagina walls.

Ellen again got involved in the action by reaching around Jane and cupping one of Jane's breasts and tweaking her nipple, causing Jane to gasp as she held Ellen's hand to her breast.

As Darrell continued fucking both her pussy with his dick and her asshole with his finger, Jane started quietly moaning and telling Darrell how good it felt to have something in both holes. As Jane's orgasm approached, her moaning increased and then erupted into a very vocal Aah, Aah, Aah, AAAHHHHH!!, with her throwing her head back and her mouth open in ecstasy. As Jane's orgasm receded, both Jane collapsed onto Darrell sexually satisfied, her passion spent..

Ellen on the other hand couldn't wait to fuck again and was telling me to hurry up and pull over so we can change drivers again. At Ellen's urging, I pulled over and the swap was made.

Ellen was more than ready for sex after watching Darrell and Jane's performance. Ellen took command knowing exactly what she wanted. As soon as I got out of the truck to change drivers, Ellen slid out my side of the cab and started pulling my clothes off. She had my shirt over my head in a flash, yanked down my shorts, pausing for a second to suck on my dick, then had me out of my shoes and told me to hurry up and get in the back.

Once in the truck, she told me sit up in the seat and then straddled me cowgirl style and sat on my dick facing me saying," I need a good fucking". Happy to oblige, I started sucking on her nipples and playing with her boobs as she rode my hard dick.

Looking down her body, I couldn't help notice how sexy Ellen's landing strip looked. It pointed right at her camel toe where my dick was engulfed in her warm wetness. Ellen not being the bashful type started to work her finger between her clit and my groin. As her sexual tension rose, Ellen leaned in and started to kiss me, opening her mouth and running her tongue along my lips signaling for me to open my mouth We French kissed, exploring each other's tongue's and mouths with an urgent passion.

As we fucked, Ellen made little whimpering sounds and as they grew in frequency, she ground her pelvis harder against me increasing the desire for each other between us. Close to coming, Ellen stopped me and climbed off my dick, saying she wanted me to eat her, then ride me reverse cowgirl and finish by coming in that position, with Jane participating.

Ellen laid down on the seat, I got in the floorboard and started to work my way up her thighs, kissing and licking as I went on my way to her pussy. Starting at her knees, I lightly traced with my tongue and lips a stimulating path up the inside of her thighs, ending just short of her camel toe and pussy lips. I then started the same action inside the other thigh, this time, lightly licking per pussy lips with the tip of my tongue, while breathing gently on it.

Ellen was gushing lubrication from her sex hole by now. Liquid was leaking out of her vagina, coating her lips and running down the crack of her butt and soaking the seat cover.

While I was concentrating on Ellen's pussy, Jane had been playing with Ellen's breasts, teasing first one nipple, then tweaking the other. Then reversing direction and starting over again,

By this time, Ellen was consumed with lust and was totally focused on sex. Just as I thought she was going to come, she raised herself off the seat and said "quick, fuck me now". "I really need to fuck".

I climb back up on the seat and set down, then Ellen proceeds to swing her leg over my lap, this time resulting in a reverse cowgirl position, facing Jane who was in the front seat looking at us.

Ellen impaled her pussy on my rod and started a slow but steady rhythm of pleasuring herself on it. Ellen then leans forward and pulls Jane to her for a deep tongue in mouth kiss, while both girls are fondling a breast of the other with one hand, while reaching down and rubbing each other's clit with the other hand.

I on the other hand reach around Ellen and finding her clit occupied by Jane, reach up and fondle the breast that Jane isn't playing with.

It isn't long before Ellen starts to whimper again, only occasionally at first, then becoming more frequent and louder as her orgasm comes closer.

As Ellen's orgasm crests and she rides it, she moves her head from side to side and with her nipples rock hard and her eyes glazed with lust and pleasure, she emits a Yelp and her body is shaken with a shudder as her orgasm explodes and goes through her body. Ellen then exhales like she had been holding her breath and collapses back on me.

As Ellen is having her orgasm, Jane has managed to get herself off one last time. As her wave of pleasure recedes, Ellen leans forward and embraces Jane in a kiss that can only be called passionate, as between two lovers.

...

Both girls are spent with their sexual appetites satisfied... For Now.

Having arrived home, it was unanimous when we decided we need to do this again before the summer was over. 

 