I am a woman in my late forties in a midwestern town, but when I was 19, I was living in Germany on a military base in a fairly large city. My father was an officer, and I spent summers there during breaks from college. Having gone to high school there, I still had some girlfriends in the area that I would hang out with.
If you have been to Europe, you know they are a lot more liberal about sex, and there are a lot more sex shops and things like that in the main part of town, not just in the bad areas. One day, two of my friends and I were walking around the city, and we saw a sex shop that had the store on the main floor, with a theater on the second floor. We were joking around, and went inside. We browsed for a while, looking at the toys, and then looked at the movie poster for the theater. None of us had ever been in an adult theater, but since the store was well lit and clean and we were all together, it decided to buy tickets and go in.
We went upstairs, carrying the refreshments the ticket taker had given us, and entered the theater. It was very clean, and we sat in some seats right in the middle. There wasn't any sex on-screen when we walked in, and we just sat there kind of giggling. When our eyes adjusted to the light, we saw that there were maybe a dozen men scattered throughout the theater. One of my friends whispered, "Oh my god, that guy over there is playing with himself!", and we looked over and sure enough he had his pants down around his knees with his hand slowly stroking his cock. About that time, a sex scene started playing, and my friends weren't that into it. Looking around, it was obvious that other men were also masturbating, and one even stood in full view.
After a few more minutes, my girlfriends said they had enough and we all left. But I couldn't stop thinking about that whole ordeal.
A couple of days later I took the tram into town again by myself, and walked by the same store. This was during the week in the middle of the day, and pretended I was just going shopping in the area. But after making sure there were no people in the general area, I slipped into the store. I must have looked scared and very nervous, because the woman behind the counter told me, "It's ok, many woman come here. We like sex too." Obviously I looked very American, and I appreciated her speaking in English to me. We talked a few minutes, and although it was a lie, I told he I had never seen an adult movie before and asked if she had ever been in the theater. She smiled and said she had never been inside alone, and women rarely go up there by themselves, but there wasn't any problem going in if I was curious, and that no one would bother me. Even now, I'm not sure if she knew I was one of the girls that was there on the weekend, but she didn't let on if she did know.
I went upstairs, shaking, and entered the theater. I sat in the same place, and this time there was a very intense sex scene on the screen. Again, there were a few men around the theater, and this time there were a couple of guys in the rows in front of me. They were curious about me and glanced back, but didn't approach me or bother me. I couldn't see much, but obviously they were masturbating. After about ten minutes, the movie ended and the theater lights came on! I must have looked shocked, because one of the men said in broken English, "No problem, the movie will start again. Just wait ten minutes", and jokingly I thought to myself that I really need to change my hair and clothes so that not everyone knows I'm an American at first glance. Then a man came in and collected the empty bottles and stuff from the patrons, smiling as he walked by. I have to say that I never felt threatened at all, and everyone was very polite. I later found that that is just how the German men are.
The movie started again, and soon enough there was another scene on the screen, and I could see the men's hands moving up and down again. I immediately became so wet, and I thought at first it was the action on the screen. But then I realized that it was the allure of the overt exhibition in this place that turned me on. Part of me said I should leave, but the other part wanted me to part my legs and touch my thighs (I had a knee length summer dress on). Slowly, the second part won and I unbuttoned the bottom few buttons on my dress so that it fell open. I slowly let my hand wander, but when I finally touched myself through my panties, I knew there was no turning back. I started rubbing furiously, and exploded in seconds. I'm sure some of the men in the rows behind me noticed, but I didn't look back. I just kind of panicked, buttoned by dress, and ran out. The woman at the counter smiled and said to come back again, although I knew I would never do that again.
But, of course later in the week I was taking the tram on my way back for another visit. Again, I had a button up sun dress, so I knew exactly what I was doing. The same woman was there, and she warmly greeted me. She also said not to the scared or nervous or ashamed (I guess she could see it in my face), and that are no rules in sex. If you like it, it's ok, and once you walk through that door no one judges you. She said I would be very surprised to know which people in the community do kinky things.
Feeling braver and more relaxed, I headed into the theater and took my usual seat, and again there were scattered men in the theater. After a few minutes, my fingers found the top button of my dress, and I casually unbuttoned it one by one, leaving the dress closed. I was getting more excited, knowing just a flimsy piece of clothing was keeping me from being completely exposed. Finally I couldn't take it anymore and let the dress fall completely open and I started masturbating. I had my hand inside my panties, and rubbed very fast and had an orgasm in less than a minute. Again, just the thought of being exposed like that was so exciting, and I really think I could have almost orgasmed eventually just sitting there. But, when I was finished, guilt set in and I buttoned up and rushed out again.
This became a ritual for me, but I wanted my visits to last longer. So next time, when I walked into the theater, I immediately went to the ladies restroom in the back and took off my panties and bra and tucked them in a little bag and left them there. I came back to the theater and took a seat, and started my little game of gently unbuttoning my dress. Also, this time I made sure at least one man was glancing at me as I released each button, so they would know they were going to get a show. When I started getting warm, I again let the dress fall open, but this time I didn't touch myself and just let the men watch. Here I was, my dress falling down around my shoulders with my legs slightly parted, and my hands laying across my tummy. Eventually I let my hands caress my thighs, and slowly worked my way up to my clitoris. I was more gentle with myself this time, even going so far as teasing myself. I really wanted it to last a long time. And, I was really captivating the men's attention. One of them stood up and started approaching me, but I panicked and held up my hand sand said, "No!" He smiled and said, "No problem, you just like displaying yourself. I understand." He was actually very right about this, and once I admitted it to myself I became very relaxed. I said, "Oh, you speak English. I don't mind if the men want to stand and watch me, but stay back a little please." At that, I had five men standing around me in a large circle, all of them playing with themselves. I resumed masturbating, and within a minute I was shuddering with an orgasm. But once again, guilt set in and I stood up and ran to the restroom to gather my things and leave.
The next time I took it a little further. I started out the same way, but this time after I had let my dress fall open, I stood up and removed it completely, and took it to the restroom with my other things. Just walking through the theater with all of those eyes on me was exhilarating! When I returned to my seat, I sat in a row that had kind of an aisle between it and the next row, and before I knew it, I had men lined up (some of them with familiar faces) watching me. I became known as the girl who just wanted to be watched, and would give a nice show as long as I wasn't intimidated. I also just realized I didn't describe myself; I was nineteen, 5' 6", slender, long hair, and average breasts. I also wasn't shaven at all (this was the early 80s, but I still don't shave). I considered myself good looking, or at least none of them complained. Anyway, I was fully into exhibitionism at this point, and would pull my knees up and spread my legs and show everything. I would play with myself, and then tease my nipples with my wet fingers. I would even taste myself, and the men would go crazy. I was in my own little world, and even became friends with some of the men. One asked me, "Are all American girls like you?" I just smiled. I also had my own little game where I would tease them by telling when they were allowed to stroke their cocks and when then had to stop. I think they also liked that this pretty, petite young girl had so much power over them. And, I grew to like watching them explode. But again, I had my limits and I never touched them or let them touch me. They never even came within six feet of me.
I did this a couple of times a week, and never grew tired of it. I also became more bold each time. The woman at the front counter knew what I was doing, and we always chatted. She was older, and told me to have fun while I still had a body that men wanted to look at. She understood my fetish to show myself, and she even encouraged it. In later visits, she let me undress right in the store and walk around before I went to the theater. Once in the theater, I often took a place right in front, facing the crowd, and masturbated slowly for everyone while the movie played behind me.
I never went during the evening. I was afraid the crowds would be too large and that I would see someone I knew. But I did try a few other things on the advice of the woman running the store, and I could write about them if you are interested. I still think about those experiences, and only wish there was a place like that around Chicago, but at least it was fun while it lasted.