Walk in the Park
bylezzylover97©

Anna couldn't help but shiver, even though it was warm outside. The streetlights illuminated her path, her bare feet slapping against the sidewalk. She'd taken her brother's jacket, glad he was out of town for the weekend so she didn't have to come up with an excuse for needing it in the middle of June.

The borrowed jacket wasn't too thick, but the inside was lined with some sort of fake fur. Perfect for keeping warm in the winter, and in this case, for keeping her bare body hidden from any passerby.

She grinned again, stunned at what she was doing. She'd left all her clothes sitting on her bed, the only thing covering her the jacket, which fortunately went down to her knees since she was a good bit shorter than her brother.

With every step, her thighs rubbed together, and she had to force herself not to slip a hand inside the coat to run a finger along her soaked slit. A car passed by occasionally, but she hadn't seen anyone on the sidewalk since she left the house. 

Anna stopped at the entrance to the park, turning right. A large metal gate had been swung shut and locked, to keep out unruly teens who had kept getting caught in the middle of the night vandalizing. The gate was held on either side by two concrete pillars, and each pillar had hedges bordering them. The hedges continued down the sidewalk a ways, and a tall metal fence could be seen sticking out of the top. 

Ducking down to the left side of the fence before any cars could pass by and see her, she pushed some of the hedge aside to reveal a small hole in the fence. She had heard rumors about the hole from a friend, and had been glad to find out it was true on her last night trip here.

Taking a deep breath, Anna got on her hands and knees and crawled into the hole. Her jacket was buttoned shut, but the warm night air still slipped through it and blowing against her naked skin. She stopped and covered her mouth to avoid her moan floating through the vacant park.

After a moment, she continued crawling, pulling herself through on the other side of the fence. She stood up and brushed some dirt off her knees, and wiped her hands on the jacker. She'd have plenty of time to wash it before her brother noticed.

Standing there in the dark, the park lights off, she mentally prepared herself for the next part of her plan. She'd spent several days studying the park, making sure there were no cameras around that could catch sight of her.

Taking a deep breath, she unbuttoned the jacket, letting it fall to the ground. She stood there, instinctively covering her tits and crotch with her arms, before letting them fall to her sides. She kicked the jacket back to the hole, leaving it hidden. Facing the park, she started her walk.

She walked slowly along the paved path, letting the night air blow against her body. She knew she was leaving a small trail of her own juices behind her, which lad long ago run down her leg while she was walking. 

The park wasn't very big, so she reached the little pavilion at the center quickly. There was a roof covering a few picnic tables, and a small building which held public restrooms. She forced herself to keep her arms from covering herself, and went for the bathrooms.

The walk to the park had been exciting. The shorter walk through the park without the jacket had been even more heart racing. But this part was the only one she was actually afraid to go through with. Grabbing the doorknob of the women's bathroom, she went inside.

The room was pitch black, and the faint moonlight from outside disappeared as the door shut behind her. From here, she had to rely on memory. She went to her right and put her hands out until she felt the wall of a stall. She followed it to the second door, which she pushed open. Inside the stall, she tentatively lifted her foot up until she found the toilet. 

Cautiously, she stepped up onto the toilet and steadied herself. Reaching up, she was able to put a hand up above the beams that ran along the roof in place of a solid ceiling. Her heart raced, afraid it had been stolen, but she let out a sigh of relief as her fingers brushed the small silk bag.

The friend who had dared her to go through with this whole thing had promised she'd left the bag there, but refused to say what was inside it. Pulling the bag down, she sat down on the toilet, grimacing at the sudden cold of the porcelain against her ass. She fumbled with the tied strings of the bag in the dark, but managed to open it and felt around.

The first thing she felt she could clearly tell what it was. She grasped the smooth ball and pulled it out, the straps dangling off the side. Anna couldn't believe her friend had actually left her a gag, but that disbelief didn't stop her from setting the bag in her lap and opening her jaw enough to fit the ball in.

She reached around her head to click the latch of the gag in place, tightening it. Reaching back into the bag, she found the second item and she would have grinned if she could. She removed a pair of nipple clamps, held together by a thing chain.

She set the bag back down, knowing what the weight inside was, and clamped the little metal toys on. She yelped as the first clamp bit lightly into her hardened nipple, the noise muffled by the gag, and the second clamp made her yelp again.

She sat there, gagged and clamped, her heavy breathing loud to her ears in the darkness. She sat there for a few minutes, letting her right hand play with her slit while her left hand occasionally tugged on the chain of the clamps, making herself jump every time she yanked.

Finally, she picked the bag back up and pulled out the final toy. She recognized the shape of the vibrator against her palms, knowing it was the one she'd lost to her friend in a game of strip poker. Leaning back against the toilet, she spread her legs and pressed the tip of her familiar friend to her soaked opening.

She couldn't wait, slamming the toy in up to it's base. The 8 inches made her scream into her gag, the rubber balls slapping against her skin. She spasmed in her seat, cumming instantly. All the buildup from the walk and the other toys had brought her to the edge, and the toy suddenly filling her had pushed her over the edge.

Her gag kept her from screaming, and she sat there twitching as her orgasm rolled through her. Slowly, she came down from her high, and gripped the base of the dildo. Her fingers quickly found the switch on the flat base of the balls, and she flipped it to the low setting.

She groaned as it started buzzing inside her, and she slowly pumped it in and out, quickly bringing herself to a second orgasm, this time the gag barely keeping her screams at a safe volume. As she came, she felt herself tilt to the side.

She threw her arms out as she fell sideways off the toilet, not realizing her cumming and thrashing had distracted her from the fact that she had slowly slipped off the seat. She didn't hit the ground too hard, but it was enough of a shock snap her out of her trance realize she had been here longer than she should have.

Her parents would be home soon, and she wouldn't be able to explain herself if she got back an hour after they did. As she picked herself up, she crouched down to look for the bag, which she had let fall to the floor.

Finding it with her hands, she stood up and froze as she heard voices. She could hear them fairly well, since the bathroom's walls were pretty thing. AS she stood there in the darkness, she could hear the voices getting closer.

"Hang on, I gotta take a piss!" Anna heard a guy call, and she started to panic. She found the toilet with her foot and sat back down, pulling her legs up onto the seat with her. She could hear footsteps outside, and quietly prayed that he would hurry up and leave so she could escape.

Her prayers were ignored, though, as she heard the door to the girl's bathroom open.

"Dude, that's the girl's bathroom!" She heard another guy call, and the first voice responded.

"Yeah, the guy's bathroom is locked at night. The women's lock is broke." The door shut, and she could hear the stranger's breathing in the small room. She sat there and waited for him to go the first stall and hurry up, but she just sat there in panic and disbelief as, instead of choosing the first stall, he went for the second, the one she had chosen.

And she hadn't locked it.

His phone's flashlight filled the stall, making her squint at the brightness, and she knew he'd seen her when he stopped.

"What the fuck?" He said, his voice full of disbelief.

She sat there on the toilet, looking away from the bright light, and covered her chest with one arm while waving him away with the other. In shock, he started to back out of the stall, but he stopped. Her heart sank as he spoke to her.

"Anna? Is that you?" She recognized his voice from her high school class. She hadn't seen him since graduation last month, and now she knew she was completely fucked. Slowly, Anna turned to the light, which was hiding his from her, and nodded.

"Are you ok?" he asked, his voice now concerned. Again, she nodded, and his silence was her only answer.

"Holy shit," he muttered, and Anna knew he'd pieced it together. "Son of a bitch..."

They both jumped as the second guy's voice yelled from outside, telling him to hurry up.

Anna was waiting for him to yell to his friend, revealing her to another person. But instead he was silent. She tried to hide her head from him, but looked up as she heard a click and the light flashed.

She stared at him, wide eyed, as he laughed.

"Sorry Anna. I just wanted a souvenir. And I don't really want to share this with him."

She shrank back as he walked to her, closing the distance with a couple steps. 

"Spread your legs." he whispered to her, and she looked up at him in disbelief. Slowly, though, she obeyed, putting her feet back on the floor and completely exposing her pussy to him, which still had the vibrator shoved inside, clenched in place by fear.

Chuckling, she felt the toy move as he grabbed it, and moaned as he slid it out. Before the head of the toy pulled free, he slammed it back in, making her scream into the gag. He repeated this a few more times, each sudden thrust making her jump and scream. She came without warning, arching her back and coating his hand with her juice.

She sat there, spasming, as he let go and backed up. A part of her knew he had been recording, since his phone's light had been pointed at her the whole time, but she didn't care about that just now. All she could think about was the sudden climax she had been forced through.

Her thoughts were clouded as he spoke.

"I hope we can get together sometime Anna. I'd love to watch this video with you." He laughed as he left, and all she could do was listen as he stopped to use the next stall, and left. She was left in the dark again, and she could hear him talking to his friend.

"The hell was that noise?"

"Someone sent me a video. Some stupid porn clip." he told the second voice. 

"Well, guess a girl's bathroom isn't the worst place to get some surprise porn," The second voice said as they walked away.

"No... No it's not."

Anna couldn't help but smile into her gag when she heard this.


Walk in the Park Ch. 02

Walking down the path, Anna pulled her phone out of her pocket and checked the time. Seeing she was early, she decided to wait in the bathrooms. In the daylight, the park was a lot louder, people all around her. It wasn't the busiest park and it was close to closing time, but there were almost a hundred people there. Families walked around playing catch and flying kites, couples enjoying the warm weather.

Anna had to disguise her laugh as a cough as she passed a woman coming out of the bathroom, slipping inside the dimly lit room. She knew every inch of the space, having inspected it closely before taking her first nude walk here. She knew there were no cameras either inside or outside, and she knew that it wasn't very soundproof. Anyone standing outside could here everything that happened in here.

She checked each of the open stalls to make sure she was alone, and locked herself in the second one. Unbuttoning her jeans, she slipped her feet out of her sandals and let her pants fall. She stepped out of them and picked them all up. Looking up, she eyed the edge that had inspired this trip.

After she'd been caught by her former classmate, she'd come back here a couple times -- once to masturbate to the memory, and another to retrieve her bag of toys, which she'd left up on the beam. When she had climbed up to grab it, she noticed something.

There was no solid ceiling to the bathroom, just beams going across and the slanted roof. But when she climbed up to get the bag, she looked over the wall -- which separated the men's and women's restrooms -- and realized that the men's side wasn't the same. It had a solid ceiling to it, and since this wall didn't go all the way to the ceiling, that left a small crawlspace above it.

After realizing this, she had come up with a new plan, one that made her heart race thinking about. With one smooth movement, she tossed her balled up jeans over the ledge, and pulled her shirt off. She hadn't worn anything underneath, and the shirt followed the jeans upwards. Her nipples were already hard from the chained clamps she'd worn under her shirt.

The door to the women's side opened and Anna froze. Quickly, she spun around and sat down on the toilet, hoping the stranger wouldn't try to come into her stall. She'd locked it, but there was always the chance they'd look through the crack and see a naked woman sitting there. Fortunately, the stranger went straight to the sink.

After a minute of the sink running, Anna heard paper towels being ripped, and then the door opened and closed again. She relaxed, and waited a minute before standing up. She shook her head unlocked the stall door and climbed back onto the toilet.

Pressing an ear to the wall, she confirmed that the men's side was also empty, and she started to climb. The distance wasn't very high -- putting one foot on the back of the toilet, she was easily able to swing a leg up over the edge, and pulled herself up.

She was soaking wet from the thought of someone walking in on her in the middle of this -- there was no way to hide, and she'd be caught naked climbing the wall. She had to crouch a little, since there wasn't much room up there.

She moved her clothes into one pile away from the edge, and moved herself into a more comfortable position, laying on her side in the middle of the space. She also spotted the silk bag, which she'd left here with the vibrator and gag in it, and grabbed it.

Whatever the ceiling was made of, it was sturdy enough to hold her, but it was a bit creaky. She had to keep still so the boards didn't make any noise. She dug her phone out of her pants and turned it to silent, and turned the vibration off. Pulling the gag out of the bag and fasting it in place in her mouth , she settled into position and waited.

The first person who came in to the men's side made her jump, as he slammed the door open and made the whole building shake a little. She smothered a yelp, and listened as he went into the stall -- which sounded like it was right under her -- and started pissing. He finished quickly, and left the stall and the building.

Anna waited a few minutes, then gingerly pulled the 8 inch vibrator out of the bag. She slid the tip of it against her pussy lips, and moaned into the gag as she slowly penetrated herself, sliding the toy in and out in slow, cautious strokes. Someone came in when she was halfway through a stroke, making her freeze, and she resumed fucking herself when they left.

There were only a handful more that came into the restrooms, on either side. She could see the sunlight dimming through the boards above her, and after what felt like an eternity of edging herself with the toy, she picked up her phone and saw that it was time for the park to close. She heard the motorized engine of a golf cart going up and down the path, and stop nearby. She held her breath as the door to the men's side of the bathroom opened and closed, and then knocking on the women's door, which opened after there was no response.

She waited as someone came into the bathroom. Pushing the stall doors open to make sure no one was hiding, and then left. She giggled as the door closed, and sat up a little. She'd gotten away with hiding here, and she listened to the golf cart start up and drive away. As the noise faded, she started fucking herself again, much harder this time.

Anyone below her could have heard her moans now, as she rammed the toy balls deep into her cunt again and again. Deftly, she flicked the switch on the base of the toy, and it started buzzing inside her. She screamed into the gag as she came, coating her hand and the floor with her juices as she shook from the rush.

Anna laid there, letting the toys vibrations continue as she let everything else fade away. She lost track of time, occasionally returning to a confident pace of fucking herself and cumming hard. After her fifth orgasm, she checked her phone.

Midnight! She'd let her parents know she was staying with a friend tonight, so she didn't have to worry about getting home on time, but she didn't want to spend her whole night inside. Carefully, she crawled over to the ledge and climbed back down into the stall.

She opened the bathroom door slowly, shaking in anticipation and pleasure from the toy which she was holding in her soaked pussy with one hand, and walked outside. The park was a totally different place at night. There were enough lights to illuminate the whole place, but just barely, so it was a bit scary.

She moaned as the wind cut through her, goosebumps forming on her bare skin. She let the door shut behind her and she walked down the path, letting her hands grope her tits as she held the dildo in place with her legs, making her take slow steps.

After she made herself cum three more times -- once in the pavilion on top of a picnic table, once while sitting on the cool metal slide in the playground, and once in front of the front gates, where anybody could have walked by and seen her through the bars -- she decided to head back.

She pulled the toy out, groaning at the loss, and sprinted for the bathroom, suddenly afraid of being caught. As she came up to the door, she grabbed the doorknob and turned.

It didn't turn.

She just stood there, not comprehending what she was looking at, a doorknob that wouldn't turn. And then reality hit. She panicked, yanking on the door knob, which was clearly locked, and started pounding on the door.

They must have fixed the lock, she realized, replacing it with one that always opened from the inside, and finally it clicked how screwed she was. The only place she could hide was locked, and her clothes and phone were locked inside. All she had was a dildo, a ball gag, some nipple clamps, and about 7 hours until the park opened.

She started thinking about her options, and realized her only real option was to go through the hole in the fence and sprint naked for her friend's house, which was closer than her own. Before she could start for the gate though, a sudden light made her freeze.

Panic filled her as she heard someone chuckling behind her. Slowly, she turned around and had to look away from the blinding light. She recognized the voice that spoke.

"Hey, Anna. Didn't expect to see you here again."


