Wife Exposed At Resort
by Butchheathway

Wife Exposed At Resort Pt. 06

Wendy is the entertainment at the club.

We wake up in the spare bedroom of the penthouse and sheepishly walk into the lounge area.

Wendy is using a silk robe for clothing as she arrived here completely naked last night.

Thomas and Helen are sitting drinking coffee and start to discuss with us the plans for visiting the club later.

We explain to Thomas and Helen that we would like to spend some time alone and politely decline the offer of going to the club.

"We just want to relax and hang out by the pool maybe." I explain.

"Of course, of course, please avail yourself of all the amenities and remember your room number means everything is absolutely complimentary." Thomas replies.

We leave Thomas and Helen and return to our room to get ready for a relaxing day by the resort pool.

Wendy is getting ready in the bathroom as I put on my swimming shorts in the bedroom.

She walks into the bedroom.

"What do you think?"

She is standing there looking glorious in a two-piece bathing suit; the material is very fine with a pale lilac floral pattern.

She looks stunning. I tell her so and try to conceal my growing erection.

We carry a couple of towels and head to the pool.

The pool area is a reasonable size and there are about a dozen or so people spread out around the perimeter.

As we walk around the edge of the pool I notice most of the men are not very discretely checking Wendy out.

I'm holding my towel in front of me to hide my now throbbing erection.

We are looking for some free space when a waiter approaches us from the bar area and asks us for our room number.

"Ah, room 1, please follow me."

He takes us around the pool to a small cabana, which offers a little more privacy than the deck chairs scattered around the edge of the pool.

"This is reserved for you, can I get you something to drink?"

We both order gin and tonic and settle down to laze away the afternoon lounging by the pool.

The waiter returns carrying a tray with a tall glass jug and two glasses in an ice bucket.

He pours the drinks and leaves us alone to enjoy our refreshments.

"This is a novel way of serving gin and tonic." Wendy says.

"I suppose it saves time serving it in a jug rather than individual drinks."

We both drink and chat about the events of the last couple of days.

We are both kind of justifying our willingness to be drawn into this web of lust and debauchery.

"I don't know why but I am feeling really horny all of the time and all of my inhibitions seem to be vanishing one after the other." Wendy explains.

"It started with getting really excited at the thought of being exposed to strangers and then when I thought of strangers openly lusting after me, stroking themselves, it just made me incredibly insatiable."

I just nod in agreement as I hold my cold glass between my legs cooling my erection through my shorts.

Wendy gets up of the lounger and enters the water.

I love watching her swim. She is an excellent swimmer, powerful yet graceful.

Watching her doing a couple of lengths does nothing to ease the raging hard on.

Wendy gets out the opposite side of the pool and stands under the shower.

Her swimming costume has become almost completely transparent.

Her nipples and pubic hair are completely visible through the delicate fabric.

It almost looks like she has a few flower petals stuck to her skin.

She notices her nakedness and looks over to me from the other side of the pool.

She turns around and turns off the shower before slowly walking the long way round the pool.

All eyes are on her as she slowly makes her way back to the cabana.

She walks past me and sits down on the lounger, she picks up a towel and dabs at her wet skin.

"You seem to enjoy walking around practically naked in front of all those people."

"It's made me so horny, I have to admit."

"Open your legs, show me your pussy."

She reclines and slowly spreads her legs apart.

I can see her bikini bottoms are wedged tight between her thighs separating her labia.

"That looks so good, what would you like to do?"

"I'd like to be fucked with everyone watching."

She sits up and places her hand between her legs.

"What else would you like?

She peels off her bikini bottoms and lies on her side as she continues to stroke between her legs.

"I want to be fucked good and hard, let everyone see me being fucked."

She is thrusting herself against her hand as she advances towards orgasm.

I look around the pool area to check if anyone is watching us and can't really see anyone as we seem to be quite well hidden, except for anyone directly opposite using the shower we are fairly well protected from prying eyes.

I lie behind her on the lounger and start to feed my cock into her soaking wet pussy.

"No one can see us here."

She groans in disappointment.

"I want them to see, I want to see them stroking their big, hard cocks."

She pants as I fuck her from behind.

I'm fucking her hard as I look up and notice someone has drifted closer and is sitting just a few feet away stroking his cock as he watches us fuck.

"There is someone here, he's stroking his cock watching you fuck."

Wendy opens her eyes and looks around but can't see the stranger.

"Where is he? I want to see his cock."

The stranger moves around to the side of the lounger and kneels in front of Wendy stroking his cock just inches from her face.

Wendy is frantically rubbing her clit as she bucks up and down on my rock hard cock.

"Oh yes, give me your cock, fuck me, fuck me hard, put it in my mouth, let me suck it."

She is grinding away on my cock as she tries in vain to take the strangers' cock into her open mouth.

"You want my cock?" The stranger asks.

"Yes, yes, fuck my mouth." Wendy is gasping as her orgasm builds.

"I want you to agree to something before you get this cock."

"Yes, anything, just give me your cock."

Wendy is just about to peak as the stranger teases her mouth with his cock.

She is desperately trying to suck him into her mouth.

I can't hold out any longer and explode inside my wife's pussy filling her with cum.

Wendy gasps and shudders with her own orgasm just as my cock starts squirting cum.

As we both collapse the stranger moves from the lounger.

"Come over here." He commands.

Wendy glances over to me before standing up.

"Get down on your knees."

My wife hesitates, slightly taken aback by the command.

"If you still want this cock do as I say."

She pauses momentarily before kneeling down.

"Now, come over here."

He flexes his cock and it hits his belly before falling back to stick out proudly from his body.

Wendy crawls towards him seemingly mesmerized by his cock.

She stops on her hands and knees just in front of him and looks up at his cock.

He moves around behind her and strokes his cock between her legs.

"Will you do anything for this cock?"

She is moving herself back towards his cock trying to get it inside of her.

"Yes, just fuck me."

He brings his cock out from between her legs and slides it in-between her arse cheeks.

Wendy lifts her arse to try and capture his cock.

"You are going to agree to coming to our club tonight? Yes?"

Wendy doesn't respond but looks back at the stranger.

He slaps her arse as he teases her with his cock.

"Tell me, you're coming to the club to be our little fuck slut aren't you!"

He slaps her arse again and places the tip of his cock at her arsehole.

"Yes, I'll be your slut, just fuck me."

The stranger lunges forward and his cock slides into Wendy's arse with ease.

"Yes, oh yes, fuck me, fuck me good."

Wendy slumps forward as the stranger fucks her arse.

My wife is rocking back and forth on the strangers' cock.

He's not fucking her she is fucking him.

"Is this what you will do at the club?"

"Yes."

"What else? What do you want to do?"

"Fuck, suck." She groans.

She is reaching between her legs playing with herself and reaches another climax as the stranger grunts and empties his seed into her arse.

"Oh, fuck." She whimpers.

The stranger sits down and strokes his still hard cock.

"Come here." He commands.

Without hesitation Wendy crawls on her hands and knees to where the stranger sits.

"Suck my cock."

Wendy proceeds to lick the strangers' cock from his balls to the tip and back again.

She is moaning as she licks up and down the shaft.

She seems in ecstasy as she licks at the tip.

"That's it, that's my good little cock sucker, take it all."

As the stranger starts to spurt, Wendy covers his cock with her mouth and sinks down to take his full length as he cums down her throat.

Wendy removes her mouth from the strangers' cock and she sits down on the ground breathing heavily.

It's only now I notice everyone has left the pool area and we are alone.

The stranger introduces himself as Steve and is Thomas' business partner.

"We expect you to be ready to go to the club at 5." He explains.

"You will be picked up by my driver and taken to the club."

He hands Wendy an envelope before he departs.

"Here are some instructions for you will follow."

Steve leaves us sitting there pondering our situation.

"Do you want to go through with this?" I ask my wife.

"I'm not sure, I think I do but this feels strange."

"This feels terribly wrong but I'm so excited at the same time."

"I know, it's thrilling, I feel so dirty but unbelievably turned on."

We go back to our room and read the instructions.

There is a short list of things Wendy has to do to prepare for the club.

Essentially she has to be naked apart from her bath-robe and ready to leave at 5.

We shower and I get dressed as Wendy wraps herself in her robe and we wait for the knock on the door.

The driver arrives at 5 precisely.

As we are getting into the car the driver produces a blindfold from his pocket and says.

"The lady is to wear this."

Wendy stands still as the driver puts the blindfold on her and helps her into the car.

We drive for about 20 minutes holding hands in the back seat.

"This is so exciting, I can't remember ever being as horny as this." Wendy whispers to me.

She reaches over and fondles my erection through my trousers.

"I see you are excited as well."

I can only groan as she rubs my cock.

The driver pulls up at what looks like a warehouse at the edge of town.

There is no signage, just a black painted door that the driver leads us through.

He points to another door as we enter the premises and instructs me to go through to the club.

He leads Wendy down a corridor, presumably to some backstage area or dressing room.

I enter the dimly lit club and see a few people scattered around drinking and smoking.

I spot Steve as he sees me and he beckons me over.

"Please have a seat, I'm very much looking forward to this, I'm sure you are too."

"Erm, yes, I think so." I manage to reply.

"Well I'm certain your wife is going to enjoy it immensely."

I'm just about to say something when there is a voice over the PA system.

"Ladies and gentlemen, please be seated for this evenings entertainment, it gives me great pleasure to introduce you to...Joy!"

They have given my wife an alias.

There is a smattering of applause and the conversation stops as the lights dim in the room.

Some lights focus on a small area covered by thick red drapes.

The drapes slowly part to reveal Wendy in all her glory dressed in some sort of bondage outfit.

She is on her knees with her arms strung up above her head.

My wife looks amazing. She is wearing long black latex gloves and boots, some kind of harness over her upper body, the blindfold, a pair of skimpy latex knickers, a dog collar, an open mouth gag and her nipples are clamped with a chain strung between her tits.

A woman appears from behind the drapes and unlocks the shackles holding my wife's' arms.

She has Wendy stand up and leads her towards a small stage.

Wendy steps up onto the stage and the woman removes the gag and peels down the latex underwear. You can see the moisture from my wife's pussy clinging to the flimsy underwear.

The woman leaves Wendy alone on stage and my wife's hand slowly moves towards her pussy.

Three men appearing behind her interrupt her and she reaches out to stroke their cocks as they surround her.

I recognize Thomas and James and they are joined by a black guy with a huge cock.

(We later find out he is a friend of James and his name is Malcolm)

Thomas gently forces Wendy onto her knees as the men surround her stroking their cocks in front of her face.

She is stroking herself as she blindly looks from one to the other.

Thomas pushes her head forward towards Malcolm's cock and she reaches up to hold it.

She lets out an audible groan as she realizes how big this cock is.

Wendy is stroking, licking and kissing this enormous cock as Thomas and James stroke themselves either side of her head.

I hear my wife say.

"I have to have this inside me."

Malcolm lies down on stage and Wendy gently lowers herself on his cock.

Thomas and James help her as she gradually sinks lower and lower, taking her time as she gets used to the size of Malcolm's cock.

"Oh my god, oh my god." She moans as she slowly slides up and down on this monster.

Thomas and James are stroking their cocks inches from her face.

Thomas removes the blindfold and Wendy groans as she sees the stiff cocks in front of her.

As Wendy is gently riding Malcolm, James gets behind her and strokes his cock between her arse cheeks.

"Oh yes, fuck me there."

James braces himself and gradually feeds his cock into my wife's arse.

"Yes, slowly, slowly."

She is clinging onto Thomas' cock for dear life as both her pussy and arse are filled with cock.

Wendy leans forward as they get into a steady rhythm and swallows Thomas' cock.

She is fucking and sucking three cocks for the first time and she is in ecstasy.

Her muffled groans are easily the loudest thing in the room as the audience watches in silence.

She peaks as each cock is fully impaled in her arse, pussy and mouth.

She collapses onto her back and Malcolm is first in-between her legs and slams his cock back into her pussy.

The sight of this huge cock sliding in and out of her pussy is mesmerizing.

Wendy reaches up to hold the other cocks as she moans with each inward thrust.

Still holding onto Thomas' cock as Malcolm fucks her hard she moves her head towards James and sucks his cock deep into her mouth.

This seems to take her over the edge and she climaxes loudly.

James' legs start to buckle and he shoots his load into Wendy's mouth.

She lies flat on her back as Malcolm eases his cock out of her pussy and sinks balls deep into her arse.

Wendy seems to be in a blissful state as she milks two cocks as her arse is fucked hard.

She is groaning constantly as Malcolm plunges deep and hard and cums ferociously in her arse.

This sets off Wendy and she shudders to yet another orgasm.

The three men leave my wife in a heap on the stage, covered in cum.

The woman who led Wendy to the stage approaches the stage and helps my wife to her feet.

Wendy is then led by the chain attached to her nipples to the back of the stage where she is shackled to a large wooden X.

Wendy is left on display as the few men in the audience who have not already shot their load approach her, stiff cocks at the ready.




7