Exposed by Boyfriend at the Beach
byexhibitionistguy©

There were so many cars in the parking lot when we arrived at the beach that day that my boyfriend, David, had to drive around quite a while until he found a spot to park. I had planned to change into my bathing suit at the women's room, but it was probably a good twenty minute walk from where we had parked. I guess I should have worn it under my blouse and jeans, but I had no idea that the parking lot would be so full.

I stood between two parked cars talking with David:

"David. I need to change into my bathing suit."

"There isn't any place close by. Just change here."

I looked at him incredulously.

"But someone will see."

"Look. If you want to, we can hike all the way to the women's room, but, then we would have to hike all the way back."

"No. I guess you're right. It wouldn't make much sense to waste our time doing that."

I nervously looked around the parking lot. Although it was full with cars, there was no one there except David and me.

"I suppose I could get undressed in the car."

"You can if you want to, but I dare you to do it here."

"Outside?"

"Yes."

"You want me to take off all of my clothes right here in the parking lot where anyone could see?"

"Yes."

"But what if someone pulls into the lot?"

"I'll watch to see if anyone is coming. If anyone does come, then you can quickly throw this towel around yourself."

"Why do you want me to do that?"

"Because there is the possibility that someone could see you."

"Oh. I see. It doesn't bother you that some guy might see me naked?"

"No. That's the whole idea."

"So what do I get if I do it?"

"I'll take you out for dinner."

"Let me think about it."

I guess this would be a good time to describe myself. I'm nineteen years old and only 5 feet 2 inches tall and very petite. I am of Asian descent. I have long straight black hair and brown eyes. I also have little feet. My skin is very smooth. I love to go swimming and to lay out in the sun.

I looked around the parking lot again. If I were quick, I could probably undress and change into my bathing suit within a couple of minutes. The probability of someone seeing me in that short period of time was pretty low.

The more I thought about it, the more excited I got. I loved to tease David, but the thought that he wanted me to take my clothes off right there where anyone could see was totally unexpected.

"Do you promise to give me the towel right away if you see anyone coming?"

"Yes. I promise."

"Okay."

With that, I kicked off my sandals and quickly started to undress. I had worn a blue blouse and a pair of jeans. Underneath, I had worn matching bra and panties.

I began to take off my blouse, but I was so nervous that someone would see me undressing that I fumbled with the buttons.

David laughed when he saw how much trouble I was having getting my buttons undone. My hands were shaking.

"Do you need any help?"

"That's okay."

I pulled the blouse off of my shoulders and pulled my arms out of the sleeves.

Next, I unfastened my jeans. I wiggled them off of my hips and down my thighs and legs.

I handed each item of clothing to David who appeared to be only too happy to help.

I stood there barefoot, wearing only my bra and panties. I suppose that if anyone happened to come by at that time, they may have thought I was wearing a bikini bathing suit. After all, some of those bikinis that I have seen on the beach are very revealing. But, in my case, I don't think anyone would mistake my underwear for a bikini. For one thing, my bra was a beautiful red colored lacy little thing that barely covered my breasts. I knew that when I bent forward David could see quite a bit of cleavage. And my panties, also red, were lacy and almost see through.

It couldn't have been more than a minute since I had started to undress.

I nervously looked around the parking lot again and then I reached behind my back and unfastened my bra and let it fall off of my shoulders. My breasts, now unrestrained, just seemed to pop out. I was topless! I tossed the bra to David.

I know. Those of you who are guys are probably wondering how big my tits are. Let's just say that they are the right size for me. David says that they "defy the laws of physics" and that they are "anti-gravity." I guess he means that my tits are "perky." I think that he is just being silly.

You should have seen the look on David's face as I stood there topless! I could tell that I was getting him hot. I knew that he would have loved to suck on my tits right then and there if he could have gotten away with it.

To tell you the truth, I was getting very excited standing there in the parking lot with my naked breasts on display for David and for anyone else who might happen to come by.

I figured I had better not dawdle too long.

Finally, I grasped the waistband of my panties and slipped them down below my knees. With a flare, I stepped out of them and tossed them at David. David could now see my little naked pussy and my nice, firm and squeezable little bottoms.

I stood there, between two parked cars, in all my glory, in my birthday suit, stark naked, totally exposed, without a stitch of clothing...

I decided to put my hands behind my back and playfully turn my shoulders from side to side, deliberately teasing David with my breasts and pussy. I could tell from the look on his face and the bulge in his shorts that I was getting him excited.

"Okay. Are you satisfied now? How do I look?"

"You look just beautiful!"

I smiled and said, "Thank you. May I have my bathing suit now?"

"In a minute."

"David. I'm nude!"

"There's no one here."

With that, he pulled me close and started kissing me. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him back.

I whispered, "You are so bad!"

David finally decided to give me back my bathing suit. It was black and one-piece. I quickly stepped into it and pulled it up to my waist and over my chest. I slipped the straps over my shoulders. Now I was finally decent!

We held hands as we walked to the beach.

It was a beautiful sunny day and the beach was very crowded. There must have been hundreds of people. There were so many people that David and I had to keep walking until, finally, we found a spot for our towels.

I said, "I can't believe how crowded it is."

"Yes. It's always like this on weekends."

We sat down and David poured some ice water into a cup for us to drink. It tasted so good.

A little while later, David, pointing with his finger, asked, "Do you see those rocks that jut out into the water?"

"Yes."

"Let's swim there."

"Is it safe?"

"Yes. It's safe. I've been there before. There's an area where we can sunbathe and it won't be so crowded."

"Okay."

So, David and I swam out to the rocks.

Just a few feet above the rocks, there was a flat area just perfect for sunbathing. Apparently, we weren't the only ones who had the same idea. The spot was already occupied by three boys. However, they didn't seem to mind our presence and immediately made room for us to sit.

We thanked the boys for letting us share their spot.

David did most of the talking. He commented on how nice the water was, etc. They looked like they were a couple of years older than me.

After a little while, the boys went for a swim. David and I were alone for a few minutes.

David said, "You look very nice in that bathing suit."

"Thank you."

David was always telling me how nice I looked. The bathing suit that I was wearing now, although one-piece, was very revealing. It was low cut in the front and showed quite a bit of cleavage. It also showed off my nice, firm and squeezable little bottoms.

"Why don't you wear one of those skimpy bikinis like the other girls do?"

"I do wear them at home when I lay out in my backyard. I hate tan lines. But, when I am at the beach, I like to go swimming and those bikinis aren't made for that. I hate always having to adjust the straps."

David didn't say anything. He appeared to be lost in thought.

After a few minutes he asked, "Have you ever considered sunbathing nude?"

"You mean in public?"

"Yes."

"You know that I love to lay out in the sun, but I don't think I want to get arrested!"

"You could lay out here."

"Oh. Sure. What about those boys?"

"I don't think they're going to complain."

"I would be too embarrassed."

"You're so beautiful. You shouldn't be embarrassed if they see you naked."

"That's sweet, but don't you think you're being a little biased?"

"No. I dare you to take off your bathing suit."

I giggled, "Aren't you concerned that they would gawk at me?"

"No. I'm with you."

"So what do I get if I do it?"

"I'll buy you a drink later when we go out for dinner."

"I'll think about it."

I couldn't believe what David wanted me to do. Did he really want me to go naked in front of a group of guys who I didn't even know? I was flattered that David thought I looked nice and that he wanted to show me off, but I was brought up to be modest. Good girls don't do things like that. The prude in me was telling me to keep my suit on.

By this time, the boys had come back from their swim and had settled in next to us and were working on their sun tans.

I couldn't believe what happened next.

David asked the boys, "Would it be okay if my girlfriend takes off her bathing suit?"

"David!"

I was so embarrassed. I think David wanted to see what kind of a reaction he would get out of me.

You should have seen the shocked looks on the boys' faces.

My face was all red. I said, "I'm sorry, but my boyfriend is trying to convince me to sunbathe nude."

One of the boys said, "It's okay. We don't mind. You can take your swim suit off if you want to."

I looked at the boys. They did appear harmless enough. I remember that one of them had these really pretty green eyes. I relaxed knowing that, if I did take off my bathing suit, at least they wouldn't attack me or call the police or anything like that.

What would the boys think if I took off my bathing suit? They probably would enjoy it. I mean, most boys would. But what if they got really excited? I couldn't blame them if they did.

I didn't say or do anything.

I looked at the boys again. I wished I could read their minds.

I was really nervous. My heart was beating quickly and I felt short of breath. I decided that, if I were going to do this, I had better do it now before I had a chance to "chicken-out."

The next thing I knew, I was slipping the straps of my bathing suit off of my shoulders and down my arms. Then I pulled the suit down to my waist. My breasts, no longer concealed, curved upwards towards the sun. I was topless and it felt wonderful!

I laid down on my back and closed my eyes. It felt so good to feel the hot sun shining on my bare chest.

I could feel the boys watching me. I knew that I was putting on a show. What were they thinking? Could they tell that my nipples were getting hard?

I kept my eyes closed while I worked on my tan.

I was becoming very wet with the thought that I should take my bathing suit off entirely, but I didn't have the nerve to do it.

David must have been reading my mind because he whispered in my ear, "I think you should take your suit off."

I whispered back, "I don't think so!"

We were sitting so close to the boys that I knew that they must have overheard our whispers. I'm sure that when they heard my words of protest that they figured that this was as far as I was going to go. I giggled to myself. My bathing suit was already down to my waist. It would be so easy to slip it off. The boys would be so shocked if I did that. And David would love it.

I was feeling so naughty and uninhibited. I grasped the waist band of my bathing suit and snapped it teasingly against my hips. Finally, I slipped the suit down below my knees and off of my legs.

Now I was both topless and bottomless and completely exposed from head to toe! The boys could see everything!

I glanced at David and we smiled at each other.

I lay there soaking up the sun. I felt like a sun goddess.

I felt so excited and devilish. I knew that what I was doing was far from innocent. It wasn't every day that those boys got to see a pretty nineteen year old girl sunbathe totally naked. I'm sure that their cocks were stiff under their bathing suits.

I could tell that I was getting them very horny. They had a close up view of my naked and very wet pussy. To tell you the truth, I was getting very horny myself, knowing how badly they wanted to touch me. I was enjoying being an exhibitionist. The young men could look, but not touch.

A little while later, a couple of the boys went swimming and David asked me if I wanted to go too. I said "No" and that I would rather just sunbathe for now. I suggested that he go without me. The boy with the green eyes remained behind with me.

To my surprise, the boy with the green eyes asked, "Would it be okay if I sunbathe nude too?"

I wasn't sure what to say. I wondered to myself why he waited until now to decide to take off his bathing suit. Maybe it was because he didn't want to do it in front of his friends.

I replied, "Yes. It seems only fair. Go ahead."

I watched as he pulled off his swim trunks. Now I wasn't the only one sunbathing nude.

He had the nicest cock. It looked so soft. It looked to me like it was semi-erect. I think he was trying to be a gentleman and to maintain control and to not embarrass himself too much.

We got into talking about a number of things. I noticed that he couldn't help but to look at my breasts. My breasts and belly were so white compared to the rest of me. Until now they hadn't gotten much sun. I suddenly felt very self-conscious. I could feel my nipples getting hard.

I decided to sit up facing the boy with my tits dangling in front of him. I also sat with my legs apart so that he could see my inner thighs and my pussy lips. I wiggled my little feet. I knew that I was teasing him mercilessly.

I could tell that he was trying not to stare at me. I'm sure that he would have loved to suck on my tits if I would have let him, but I certainly would not allow him that opportunity. That was for David to do.

The poor boy was obviously distracted because he appeared to have some difficulty carrying on a conversation.

Suddenly, I saw his cock twitch and swell and move up his thigh. I mean, I couldn't help but to see that. I was sitting right in front of him. I tried to ignore the very noticeable change in his anatomy, but it was very difficult for me to do that. I looked into his green eyes and smiled and tried to continue our conversation.

I looked down. Oh my G__! I couldn't believe how big his cock was now. It was fully erect and looked like it was going to burst. I guess I had teased him more than I thought.

I hoped that he had a girl friend waiting for him when he got home. It's too bad I couldn't do anything to help to satisfy him now. I thought about what he would need to do later to "take care" of his frustration.

I wanted to put my fingers around his cock and gently stroke it up and down. It was so hard and stiff. I could tell that he desperately needed some relief. I wanted to stroke his cock harder and faster until, suddenly, he would squirt all over my hand.

Without thinking, I blurted, "I like your cock."

"Sorry. I don't have much control over it."

"That's okay. I like it."

The boy, embarrassed and self-conscious, rolled onto his stomach.

It wasn't long before we could see David and the other boys returning from their swim. The boy with the green eyes hurriedly put his bathing suit back on. I smiled when I saw him do that. Was he afraid of what David would do? Was he embarrassed at what his friends might think?

David smiled when he got back. I think he could tell from the look on my face that something had happened.

Soon it was time to go.

The boy with the green eyes asked, "Will I see you again sometime?"

I smiled and said, "Maybe."

Suffice it to say that when David took me home to his apartment there was no stopping him from getting what he wanted. We took our showers and dried off. Then we got into bed together.

Poor David was lying on his back with his cock stiff and swollen and sticking up in the air like a flag pole.

"David! Did I really get you that hot today at the beach?"

"Yes!"

"Did you like it when I changed into my bathing suit in the parking lot and when I sunbathed nude in front of those boys?"

David groaned, "Yes!"

I decided to lay on top of him with my pussy teasing his cock. I know that he wanted to put his cock inside my pussy but I didn't want to make it too easy for him. I wanted to tease him a little more.

I pressed my lips against his and gave him a long sensuous kiss. Then I stuck my tits in his face, allowing him to suck on them, first the left tit, then the right tit, then the left tit.

I guess David wasn't the only one who was teased that day. My pussy was soaking wet!

Poor David couldn't take my teasing much longer. He squeezed my bottoms and thrust his cock in and out of my pussy. It felt so good.

All of a sudden, he exploded.

I kissed him and smiled.

I asked, "Did I satisfy you?"

Of course, I already knew the answer.
