Weird and Embarrassing 
by Joshua

My sister and her best friend Emily are tight. They are always together and she comes over our house a lot. Yesterday Emily was over as usual. I was on my sister’s computer in her room because mine took a dump (because it’s an old piece of crap). No one was home so it was just us three in the house. 

So I’m on the computer playing a game minding my own business when I hear all this laughing and noise going on. Emily and my sister come into the room play fighting and acting very silly like they often do. My sister pushes Emily on the mattress and they proceed to start to wrestle and slap fight each other. It was all in fun but started getting out of hand. Acting annoyed I looked at them yelling “Uh oh catfight!” kind of secretly hoping it would actually turn into one. Emily overpowered my sister and got on top of her and wrapped this extension cord around her hands quickly. She tied my sister’s hands behind her and knotted the cord in a flash. I was impressed! She wrapped the cord around and in-between several more time and knotted it like 6 times. Then she pulled my sister’s shirt up and started tickling her bare stomach like crazy. My sister can’t stand to have her sides tickled so she went crazy. This was getting better and better. My sister retaliated by kicking Emily hard but missed her mark. Emily over powered her again grabbing her legs and tying them together too with the long part of the same cord. “Now you’re really going to get it!” Emily threatened and started viciously tickling my sister’s sides under her shirt. “Say you’re sorry or else!” she kept demanding but my sister refused yelling, “NO! F*ck you!!” over and over. 

“OK that’s it then!” Emily yelled. “Thomas, I need you to leave the room please” she told me. Since it was my sister’s room I felt like I had too even though I really didn’t want too. 

“Close the door behind you please!” She said as I reluctantly walked out closing the door behind me 

Leaning against the door I heard them go at it. My sister was screaming and yelling, “No!” over and over and I heard Emily laughing evilly. I was dying to know what they were doing in there but I was on the outside. Soon there was so much noise I decided to be sneaky and crack the door open just enough to peak in but hopefully quietly enough for them to not notice. 

I very slowly did and to my complete shock I saw that Emily had my sister’s hands and ankles tied together behind her basically hog-tied AND had pull my sister’s shirt up to her armpits. She also had pulled her jeans AND underwear down to her knees too! She was viciously tickling my sister who was basically naked! My eyes almost popped out of my head. Emily was tickling the heck out of my sister’s naked waist with her pussy and rear end on full display. She hand pulled her bra up above her boobs too so they were poking out exposed also! I mean this was my own sister so it was just so wrong to be looking at her like this but I could not help it. My sister was quite a looker but I had never though of her in this way. After all she was my sister and quite bitchy to me most of the time anyway. I watched for a while as Emily tickled my sister and spanked her bare butt as she wiggled and screamed like crazy in protest but I got paranoid fearing one of them would look up and notice me spying. At one point I thought they did so I quickly closed the door as silently as possible. 

Then I heard Emily say something about having to go and heard footsteps. I quickly scrambled out of my hallway into my room just in time to hear Emily emerge from her room. “Have fun. See ya tomorrow!” she laughed as she made her way out the front door. 

My sister’s bedroom door was wide open now so playing dumb I walked by to see my sister still hog-tied with her pants down and shirt and bra pulled up. 

“Oh my God!” I said acting as surprised as I could. 

“DON’T LOOK YOU A**HOLE!!” She yelled kicking and rolling around on the bed trying to get lose. Emily had done quite a tie up job on her! I covered my eyes to avoid further embarrassment to both of us. 

“Sorry!” I said not knowing what else to say. I began turning to walk away as if to give her privacy. 

“Thomas! God damn it I need help.” My sister yelled. “Come here but DON’T LOOK AT ME!” 

Laughing inside barely able to contain myself I walked up with my hand over my eye’s still. 

“What?” I said coldly. 

“Mom’s going to be home any minute and I am f*cked. Untie me, but DON’T LOOK!” 

“Uh I don’t hear a please anywhere in that.” I said knowing I had the upper hand now. 

“Tom! Don’t f*ck around!” she snapped back. I dropped my hands and looked right at her. Her pussy hair was brown, trimmed and well manicured. Her naked hips and belly were up close so I could see every detail of her nude body. This was weird. She tried to tuck and roll to cover but it didn’t do much to shield anything. 

“Stop looking at me!” she whined. I looked away in sheer embarrassment for her. 

“Look if you want my help, shut up. Stop yelling at me!” I said standing over her. “Secondly don’t order me. Say please at least”. 

“OK please.” 

“Please what?” I said messing with her now. 

“Thomas! I swear!! Please help untie me NOW! Please!” 

I could not extend the torture any longer. I could see the look on her face and really did feel badly for her now. Began working at the knots trying to untie them. Emily had done quite a job! They were knotted so tightly I could not get them undone! She had to roll over on her stomach so I could get a good angle to get them undone. Her naked ass was right below me. I could see everything. 

“Can you please pull my panties back up, or at least cover me up?” she said with more a sheepish tone now. 

‘Hold on!” I said acting all enveloped in the knots ignoring her last request. She asked again this time more urgently. 

“Look. I am not going to do that. I might touch your… well, that’s just gross. No.” I said playing it off like I was somehow disgusted with her being naked in front of me. 

“TOM! F*ck! Come on stop f*cking around!” 

“Look. Do you want my help or not? Shut up already or I’ll walk away and leave you like this for Mom ok?” 

My sister remained silent seemingly defeated at that comment. I worked on the knots gazing over her naked body up close and personal. I handled her, rolling her on her side as if to get better leverage on what I was doing. She struggled a bit so I ordered her to stay still. Finally I gave up on trying to untie them and got scissors. I really had to hand it to Emily. She had tied so many tight knots I could not get them undone! I carefully cut the cord making sure I didn’t damage her skin and soon detached her hands from her ankles behind her. Her hands and ankles were still tied together however. I rolled her over on her back and forced her knees to her chest acting like I needed to do this to get her ankles unbound. Pushing her ankles way back I got a very intimate look between her legs and in-between her butt for the moment. 

“What the f*ck are you doing?” she snapped pushing back against me. 

“I’m trying to get your ankles lose! What do you think?” I tried pushing her legs back again but she would have none of it. Obviously she knew what I was up too. 

“Just f*cking untie my hands already!” She said sticking her wrists out at me. Her shirt had managed to slip down just enough to cover her boobs now even though her bra was still pulled up underneath and completely disheveled. Cutting her hands loses she quickly threw off her ties and began feverishly pulling her jeans and underwear back up. 

“Don’t look!” She yelled again as I just stood here. “Ok Tom. Thanks for your help but get out now” she snapped making quick work of trying to untie her ankles. 

“Here, these might help.” I said tossing the scissors to her. 

Jeez, what a complete ingrate I thought as I meandered out of her room still smiling thinking about the whole weird and embarrassing ordeal. That a memory that will linger for sure. 
Thursday, August 30th 2007 - 04:14:18 PM




