Evelyn Shows Off at The Pool
by josh 

Evelyn was a bit of a shorter, shy girl. This summer, she was dedicated to turning the heads of all the boys, and so that shyness had to go away. She played the confident, cocky type which ended up just annoying all of the other girls at the pool.

On this particular hot, summer day, the pool was a little empty. Evelyn, in her dark red bikini, stood around on the pool deck where all the cute boys were. Preparing her next big scheme to get them to fall for her. Her particular target today was Mark.

Approaching Evelyn's general direction was Allie, another girl who loved to show off but did so natural. Allies large breasts sat nicely in her black bikini top. Allie walked over to her friend Tessa, who was already laying down on a chair. Tessa was visiting Allie from another state.

"How's the water?" Allie asked as she put her towel down before laying down in her chair.
"Very cold, very nice" Tessa replied, laying on the chair with her dark green bikini.

The girls looked over at Evelyn, who was standing next to Mark. Allie knew Evelyn and Mark from school. Evelyn set a light blue bikini down and wrapped a towel around her, covering her body fully. Evelyn pulled off her top under the towel and set it on the table.

"Wow! You guys still have locker rooms here, right?" Tessa asked.
"Yes we do. The only ones who don't use them are the lazy girls who are looking for any little bit of attention from guys, as if anyone wants to see that!" Allie explained angrily, loud enough for Evelyn to hear.

By now, Evelyn had taken off the bottoms and was as confident as ever. She dried them out by squeezing them over her head, attempted to look cool.

"I think you two want to see me like this. Aren't you a little impressed? Mark sure is!" Evelyn teased. Allie got up and walked over to Evelyn.
"Oh really, you think we are so impressed about your little act of whoring yourself out in public?" Allie said, trying to make Evelyn lose her cool. Evelyn simply dropped her bottoms on the table with her other swimsuit.
"You can tell me Allie, it's okay. Everyone feels the same, guys and girls.

"Alright, fine. I will confess I'm crazy to get you naked," Allie said, walking right in front of Evelyn. Allie grabbed both bikinis off the table.
"But when I want something, I go all the way!"

Allie grabbed Evelyn's bikins off the table and ripped the towel off, squealing and running back over to Tessa who had leapt off her at the sight. Evelyn panicked and covered her breasts and privates.

Tessa covered her eyes, not believing what Allie had done. Allie ran to her side, laughing at Evelyn and dropping all of Evelyns clothes on her towel.

People around the pool were staring and laughing, having taken notice of Evelyn's butt naked state.

"Oh, come on! What? Are you scared to show off now that everyone's looking?" Allie teased.

Evelyn jumped into the pool, looking for some cover. Allie and Tessa grabbed all of their stuff (including both of Evelyns bikinis) and walked over to where Evelyn stood, nude in the water.

"Oh, run into the pool! You really are afraid now!" Allie continued teasing.
"Come on, please, just give me my clothes back!" Evelyn begged, voice trembling with fear.
"Oh, we'll leave your stuff right where it belongs. In the locker room, where civilized people change" Allie said. Evelyn stood in the water humiliated. The water was to her neck now but she still covered up underneath.

"How am I supposed to get there, I'm naked" Evelyn said to Allie.
"Sorry, I can't hear you Evelyn. Can you speak up?" Allie yelled.
"I'm naked," Evelyn said, not much louder. Tessa simply stood there and laughed, losing it.

"Hey, didn't you say everyone wants to see you like this?" Allie asked, "Enjoy your wish come true!"
Evelyn simply stood in the water, embarassed.
"Hey, are you afraid they'll all be disappointed with your tiny titties?" Tessa asked, which made Allie gasp and giggle.

"Hey, shut up!" Evelyn yelled, "you know what, I'm sick of this! I'll just come grab my stuff."
She began to climb out of the pool, hand still covering her breasts.
"No! No!" Allie pushed her back in. "You stay right there!"
"What? Am I just supposed to wait here all night?!" Evelyn yelled.

Allie simply shrugged and started to walk away.

"Hey! Hey! Come back!" Evelyn started to try to follow them from in the water.

"If this is what it's like, I think I'm starting to like it here!" Tessa said to Allie. The girls continued to walk as Evelyn followed and begged for her stuff.

"So, where are you going to put it all?" Tessa asked.
"Who said I'm going to put it all back, especially after how she acted?" Allie said. The girls laughed and walked off.

Evelyn was now stuck completely naked in the water in front of a bunch of people who just saw her incident.

Evelyn looks for any way out. She swims underwater, up to another cute boy she doesn't recognize. The boy is sitting by the edge of the pool with a towel.

"Hey, uh, any chance I could get that?" Evelyn asked, trying to sound flirtatious. The boy, who had seen the whole thing play out, simply grabbed the towel and walked away.

"Please!" Evelyn yelled. She was still trapped, bare butt naked in the public swimming pool with seemingly no way out.
