Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.
by FunKelly

Nicole's Revenge on the College Life Model.17

As the three of us were walking towards the main building, I could feel the stares, and hear the clicks of the camera phones of the many clothed people around us, as I mostly looked down. Their stares were penetrating both my flesh and my psyche, as we walked on. "Intimidating" is not a big enough word to describe how those stares felt. "YUP" Intimidated and Humiliated, that's how I was feeling. Tina and Jill's presence kept everyone at bay, as we walked to the front doors of the main campus building. I of course, was still completely naked and exposed to all those around.

We entered the doors to the college campus' main building. Just moments before, I was thinking I might have a quick and easy scamper to the security of the third floor art classrooms, and my clothes. It was not to be. As we entered the main hallway of the building, I walked into an flurry of flashes and clicks from the phones of the crowd that had assembled in the hallway. Many I'm sure were getting their class schedules and such for the upcoming school year, but there were also many who only came to get some last minute photos of the girl who dared to be 'The Only One Naked' at the college's 'Welcoming Event'. It was during this 'Paparazzi' like experience, that I was approached by a reporter from the local news paper of the small college town.

After going to school there for the last year, I knew everyone in town read that paper. It was everywhere you went. Every store, restaurant, laundry mat and gas station. Everywhere! In fact, I read it often! It also had an editorial segment that was famous for it's attempt to embarrass any of the locals who may not agree with the paper's owner, on a variety of issues. Professors Sullivan and Turner knew the woman and remained by my side as a show of support, but I was falling apart emotionally. As I was about to crumble from the weight of the exposure and humiliation, Tina stepped in front of the woman, then sarcastically stated, "Hello Susan. Scoops coming hard for you these days? I believe we have a college newspaper. There's no story here".

The woman was set back, but only for a moment. She then replied, "Hello Tina. There's a naked college student standing behind you. It may not be a story worth writing about, so let's just call it my own personal curiosity", with an obstinate expression on her face. Even with the teachers and Tina around me, I knew I was doomed to be even more shamed and debased in public, by the woman. Holding back my tears, I searched for Nicole in the crowd, hoping she would rush to my rescue with my robe. She was nowhere in sight.

Susan forced her way passed Tina, then stood in front of my naked frame. As she looked me over, (Camera crew in tow) I kept repeating in my head, "Karen. You are a professional Life Model. If there was ever a time to act like one, it is now!", as the urge to cover my shame, and run away was becoming more and more acute. "So.....You're Karen", Susan said, in a ridiculing tone. "You are aware you are naked, right?", she asked. Somehow, I summoned my inner fortitude once again, and replied, "I have been life modeling for an art class. How my robe was misplaced, I can not tell you. So if you'll excuse me, I am going to return to the art studio upstairs". as I walked passed her, then down the hallway through the crowd, to the staircase at the end.

The crowd that had gathered in the main hallway was so large, it was impossible to make my way through without brushing against the fabric of their clothing. The contact with the many types of clothing materials against by naked flesh, along with the cold tile floor beneath my bare feet, was a constant reminder of my public nudity and shame. Many in the crowd were questioning me from up close about my public exposure, as I attempted to get passed them without responding.

One male college student whispered in my ear, as I tried to make my way passed him, to the doors leading to the stairs, which were still at least forty feet away. "I bet your pussy is sweet and oh so very tasty. There's nothing like a clean shaven mound", he said, as he looked right into my eyes. My heart beat seemed to stop and I began to blush, as I could feel the burning of my 'Beet Red' skin, brought on by the utter shame and humiliation. For a split second, I found myself unable to break my eyes from his gaze. Tina, along with Professors Sullivan and Turner, help me force my way passed him, as Tina said, "Time's up Romeo". We then made it to the stairway doors and up to the safety of the third floor art classroom.

There were a few people scattered on the staircase, along with some on the third floor, most taking impromptu pictures of me in my nakedness. I entered the art classroom to find a laughing Nicole, holding out my robe, while saying, "I guess you won't need this anymore". I was completely aroused and my pussy was soaking wet from my encounter with the male college student only moments before, I couldn't stay mad at her. The walk from the outdoor posing area to the classroom might have been the ultimate in shame and humiliation, but it was also invigorating, if not intoxicating.

I put my clothes on and attempted to relax in the company Nicole, Tina and Professors Sullivan and Turner. Professor Akers had already returned, and was in the adjacent classroom, preparing for next week's art classes. I borrowed Nicole's baseball cap and sunglasses, as we headed down to the first floor, on our way to my uncle's condo. Tina and the two professors had left a few minutes earlier. Tina had my assurance that I would pose nude in some undisclosed locations for her seniors photography class, while Professor Turner had gotten me to agree to take an hour long psychology class, in the nude, so she could document the students reactions, which might lead to others during the year.

Nicole's attempt at revenge for my actions on the beach, so many years ago when we were just kids, had led to an abundance of well paying job opportunities, that would make my college life financially more secure, even if I was going to be naked most of the time. I had no idea how I would be treated by the other students, once classes began next week, but was unable to deny I was turned on by being the 'Only One Naked' in a group of clothed people. It would be only a short time until I found out how I would be received by all of those who had seen me naked, and taken photos of me, at my most vulnerable.

THE END