What's In A Name? 

Hi there! My name is Nancy (as you might have guessed) and, as this is my first post, I thought I would explain how I came to be known as Nancy "No Knickers" or "No Knickers Nancy".

<<<< By the way, does my bum look big in this? Haha.

Like most girls I enjoy getting dressed up, looking sexy and partying with my mates. I like to wear short skirts and dresses that show off my long legs and I love the attention that I get from guys ogling me and trying to see up my skirt. If I wear knickers it is always a skimpy thong that just about conceals my fleshy fanny lips. However, most of the time I don't wear any knickers at all and I get a real thrill wandering around town wearing a mini skirt with absolutely nothing underneath.

I also love to flash guys by carelessly sitting with my legs open, crossing and uncrossing them to "accidetally" show off my shaved pussy or bending over so that my naked bottom is totally exposed. I guess I'm a bit of a prick teaser at heart.

When I was 18 a group of girls from my school went on holiday to Ibiza for a week. It was our first holiday abroad without our parents and we basically spent the entire seven days getting drunk, dancing, snogging guys, getting groped and fingered and chilling out on the beach reliving tales from the night before.

I knew that the weather would be scorching hot and I didn't want to be bothered washing dirty panties so I decided not to pack any. Somehow the idea that I was going to spend a whole week wandering around Ibiza wearing a selection of mini skirts and no knickers started to make me really wet with anticipation whenever I thought of it. My pussy is also completely shaven and so I would be totally bare underneath the tiny skirts. I knew it would be almost impossible to keep my little pussy covered up and to prevent displaying myself in public but I was going to be on holiday and nobody would know me.

I have always been a bit of an exhibitionist and at school was well aware of the boys trying to look up the girls' skirts. I always obliged by spreading my legs carelessly and showing off my little knickers which I would pull tightly up so that the shape of my fanny could be seen through the thin material. Knowing that I was revealing myself to some boy who was probably going to wank off to thoughts of me with my legs open was always a big turn on and I loved the sense of power that I had being the centre of attention.

I had always thought about wearing no knickers with a mini skirt and being able to flash my shaved pussy to complete strangers but it wasn't until the holiday in Ibiza that I plucked up the courage to do it. Had I worn a short skirt without knickers at home I would have felt really slutty in front of my friends but on holiday it just seemed more acceptable and I made no secret of the fact. All of the girls were acting really slutty anyway and their knickers were off more time than they were on. Nevertheless I became very well known by quite a few guys as the girl with no knickers and so I acquired the name Nancy No Knickers.
 