_A lot of this story is true and a lot of it could be true. It is inspired by a conversation I had with a lovely woman called Violet and her words touched my heart. I have written this story as if it was an interview to try to convey the feelings that were inside Violet, hopefully, you will enjoy it._

Interviewer- How did you find the lockdown?
Violet - Isolation was tough for me, very tough indeed. Don't get me wrong, I didn't catch the disease nor did I lose anyone close to me so I know others had it worse, but the mental isolation nearly drove me mad. I guess for some the lockdown would have been easier where they had a partner to share their time with and fuck like rabbits when they could. All I had was the toys I had bought online and the cost of a lifetime supply of batteries.
Interviewer - What about your personal life? And if you don't mind me saying, you don't sound English.
Violet - I'm not, I am a Candian girl through and through, British Columbia to be exact. Met my husband when I was on an exchange year while I was studying at university. He swept me off my feet, with his cute English accent, and into his bed and not long after that Jack Junior started to grow in my belly so we got married pretty quick. A couple of years later Ray was born and the happy family was complete, well that was until he ran off with that slut leaving me a pair of lively boys of 13 and 11.
It was just before the lockdown started that my husband of nearly 15 years decided that at 33, I was getting too old for his tastes and left me for an 18-year-old bimbo who was all blonde hair, legs and teeth. I should have seen it coming as when we met, I was just 18 to his much suaver and more sophisticated 30 though I would like to think I wasn't a bimbo, I was perhaps a little naive. I mean look at me with my short brunette hair and glasses, not much of a bimbo really. I would call myself short and curvy rather than all legs, but I do have great blue eyes so I have been told.
What bugs me that every other weekend he has them stay over and tries to insist that they call his girlfriend mom, she is almost young enough to be their sister.
Interviewer - So what did you do to break the monotony of it all?
Violet - Well that started as lockdown really took hold. I lost my job when the movement restrictions started so I have had to live on my savings plus what Jack, my ex-husband, gives me along with state benefits. It doesn't make me rich, but I get by, and Jack spoils the boys when he sees them so I don't get the horrendous expenses of keeping two young boys in whatever the latest trend is. It's the lack of human company that I missed the most, that adult interaction. I was going out of my mind as there was no way I could meet a partner. I tried online chat and even considered webcam but it felt at times it was all too intense and they were setting the pace of contact rather than myself.
When the boys were with their father the house was so empty, I would go out for a drive for hours mainly so that I could look at couples out walking together and wishing it could be me. I would make up stories in my head about their lives and often those stories would turn to sex. Then one day it just happened. I was at a stoplight and a man jogged across the road in front of me. He was a hunk, in excellent condition, finely toned and his vest damp from his efforts. His running shorts were tight across his nether regions and I could see the clear outline of his cock which looked large and semi-erect.
Without conscious thought, I slipped my hand into my jogging bottoms and then inside my panties and to my surprise, I was not just wet, but soaked. I touched myself as I imagined us in bed, him on top of me looking down, his hair slightly flopping over his brow as a bead of sweat dropped onto my face. His meaty cock deep inside me as I wrapped my legs around him urging him deeper. As he jogged away and the light turned to green, I realised that I had a finger deep inside my pussy and was close to cumming. The car behind me honked gently and I could feel myself flush red as if they could see into my car and see what I was doing.
Interviewer - What happened then?
Violet - I went home, lay on the bed and frigged myself raw before going online and ordering a variety of toys. They arrived during the week and had to lock them away until the boys were away for the weekend. As soon as I had the house to myself, I pulled every toy out and went on a masturbation fest. I fucked myself for three hours non-stop and I was so dehydrated afterwards. All I could think of what that next time I had to remember to hydrate the next time.
That was the Saturday but despite the multiple orgasms it wasn't quite enough and on Sunday morning I got into my car and went out for a drive, but this time took a small vibrator with me. I could feel myself tingling as I pulled up at the red light and craned my neck hoping for a sight of my hunky fantasy lover. No such luck, but instead what looked like a normal married couple, around my age crossed the road, and without conscious thought, I pushed the vibe inside myself. All sorts of images flashed through my mind which included them fucking in all sorts of positions by the side of the road and then indicating I should join them.
When the light turned green, I swear the man crossing the road turned and smiled at me and I went beet red as maybe he was reading my mind. I don't know what came over me but I then drove along roads looking at people walking as the vibrator buzzed and wriggled inside me. It felt like I had no choice but to leave the vibe inside my panties and drive home with each bump in the road sending shivers of pleasure through me. When I finally pulled onto my drive my body was shaking and I just had to finish myself off before I even got out of the car.
I was thrashing around inside the car as I came like a train, my mind in overdrive with sexual fantasies. I don't think anyone saw me but as I waddled to my door, trying to keep my soaking thighs apart I am sure I saw a few curtains twitch.
Interviewer - Didn't you worry about getting caught?
Violet - Part of me was terrified at the shame that would be heaped down on me should I get spotted but at the same time, it was the horniest thing I had ever done. For the next two weeks, I would frig myself quietly under the covers as I pictured the faces of the people who I passed by, wondering if they could somehow see into the car and witness my lewd acts. The more I thought about getting caught, the more the fear bubbled up inside me, but at the same time the hotter it felt.
I could hardly wait for the boys to be away so I could jump in my car, but this time I wore a skirt and was naked underneath. I took a much bigger toy that was shaped more like a cock, with veins running down the side. Once I was in my car, I pulled the skirt up around my waist so I would appear dressed from a glance but my semi nakedness would be released if someone was to look in. Just the sheer thrill of it sent shivers through me and I could feel myself getting wetter. As I drove along, I would see passers-by close to the road and I knew that if for any reason I had stopped they would have been able to see in for sure. Without even touching myself the car was starting to smell of sex so I dropped the window slightly imagining the trails of scent drifting out to be inhaled by pedestrians.
I could see the approaching traffic light in front was changing so I slowed hoping to get caught by the red light and to my delight I did. As I pulled the car to a halt I reached out and grabbed the dildo from under a sweater I had thrown on the passenger's seat before opening my thighs and driving it into myself. As people crossed the road, they smiled at me and one even waved a thank you as I plunged the dildo in and out, the sound of my slurping pussy filling the car. When the lights finally changed to green, I was right on the edge but had to drive off before the driver behind became agitated. As I drove, I removed one hand from the wheel, in what looking back was a dangerous manoeuvre, and started moving the dildo slowly in and out as I imagined a lover would.
When the car rolled to a stop at the next lights, I fucked myself hard and fast. As I orgasmed, I found myself looking into the eyes of a pedestrian who was looking at me with concern to make sure I was OK. At the same time a van pulled up beside me and I could see that if the passenger looked down, he would see me with my cunt full of latex cock. Grabbing my sweater, I threw it across my lap just as the man looked in my direction but before I could do or say anything the lights changed and we went our separate ways.
Interviewer - So how did you discover dogging?
Violet -- Even as the lockdown was starting to ease, I was still in the same cycle of going out driving on the weekends the boys were with their father. I was starting to take risks that could have affected my driving and even caused an accident. Fucking myself to orgasm while the car was moving. Visions of being freed from my trapped car after an accident and trying to explain to the emergency services why I had a large dildo in me flashed into my head.
It was early evening and the light was beginning to fade as I pulled up a red light and started to touch myself even though there was no one around. The sight of a stoplight turning red instantly aroused me and my nerves were tingling. I could almost feel myself getting shaky so I decided to pull over as I had spotted the signs to a local wooded picnic spot where I could take a break in the car park.
When I pulled in, I noticed that there were already other cars parked there and as my eyes adjusted to the gloom, I could see that some of the cars were surrounded by a few men. I stared at their outlines and then it dawned on me that it looked like they had their cocks out and were masturbating around the car. As I was trying to work out what was happening there was a knock on the window and a man had exposed himself to me, waving his cock around in invitation. In a panic I started the car and drove home, my heart nearly bursting through my chest.
Interviewer - So what did you do then?
Violet - When I got home, I did some research into the beauty spot by name and when I added the words sex outdoors to the search, I got back some interesting results. It turned out the place was a well-known dogging spot, something I had never heard of before. Looking up the term dogging online, I discovered that dogging was a British English slang term for engaging in sexual acts in a public or semi-public place or watching others doing so. I was in shock as I read on, but my hand was already inside my panties and I was soaked. There was a line that said that as observation is encouraged, voyeurism and exhibitionism are closely associated with dogging and sometimes the exhibitor(s) never leave their car. It talked about the fact that the two sets of people involved often meet either randomly or (increasingly) arrange to meet up beforehand over the Internet.
I could not believe what I was reading, it was almost as if someone was describing my perfect fantasy and as I started to imagine myself performing and being watched, I slipped my panties off and reached for my biggest toy. I started to fuck myself hard with the dildo as I continued reading and the comment that sent me over the top was that as there may be more than two participants both group sex and gang banging can be included. As I sat there recovering my breath, I knew this was something I had to experience more of, and even though I had just cum I picked up my favourite cock shaped dildo and got in my car to drive back to the spot.
When I got there, it was quite dark and at first, I thought no one was about. My heart fell, thinking that perhaps I had imagined it but then to my surprise there was a knock on the passenger side window and a guy peered in before pushing his jogging bottoms down to reveal a hard cock. I twisted round in the seat so my pussy was facing him and started to fuck myself as he worked his cock with his hand. As the outside sound was muffled all I could hear was my own breathing coming in short pants as I started to reach a climax. Then there was a knock on the window behind my head and twisting my head around I could see another hard cock being work frantically. As I arched up and moaned in orgasm, I saw a jet of seed hit the driver's window and then looking back to the original guy I could see the cum dripping down the window, although he had vanished into the night.
Interviewer - How did you feel about the experience?
Violet - If I am honest, it all seemed a bit surreal, as the action took place through glass it was almost like webcamming and it seemed remote and unreal. Yet when I cleaned my car, washing off the cum stains I knew it was real and the thought of men masturbating as they watched me sent more thrills running through me. I had to stop washing my car and go inside to take care of myself otherwise I think I would have frigged myself on the drive.
Of course, I was hooked and the next available weekend, as soon as the light started to fade, I was in my car and off to the dogging site. I had decided that I would be able to give a better show if I moved position and didn't have the steering wheel in the way. So as soon as I arrived, I stripped off what little clothes I had on and threw them on the back seat before I climbed into the passenger's seat. Having more room, I was able to plant my feet wide apart on the dashboard to give anyone at the front a full view of my open pussy. To make sure they got a good view I turned on the interior light and started to use the dildo slowly, fucking myself as I tweaked and squeezed my hard nipples. I knew that a crowd had gathered but with the interior light being on it made it difficult to see detail but there must have been at least four men watching me.
When I heard the knock on the window, I turned my head and let the window down with one hand as I kept the dildo steadily going in and out of my pussy. I could only see from the waist down of the man standing there and he was holding his erect member in his hand as he said, 'please,' in a soft voice that had a note of desperation in it. With an instant decision, I opened my mouth and sucked him in and was rewarded with a deep groan of satisfaction as he moved his hands away and started to gently fuck my mouth. The sheer thrill of touching another human being in a sexual way for the first time for such a long time made me orgasm almost instantly. I could feel my pussy flooding as I fucked myself faster and harder, my groans of pleasure muffled around his cock. The man in my mouth moaned that he was about to cum and went to pull away, but I was so turned on I grabbed at him with one hand keeping him close as I moved my head faster. With a loud moan, he started to pump his seed into my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could until he finally pulled away muttering 'thank you' over and over.
When I got home the front of the car was covered in cum from the four men watching me perform and I could still taste the man's seed in my mouth. That night I had the most tremendous orgasms as I fucked myself silly, reliving the memories over and over.
Interviewer - Sounds like you had fun, did you go there again?
Violet - I was addicted and for the next two weeks every time I closed my eyes all I could see was the men masturbating as they watched me and the taste of the stranger's cock in my mouth. The plastic dildo was fun but I knew needed more and I was determined that next time I would go further.
I did some research and found there was a protocol for dogging which made me laugh as only the British could have a code of conduct for such slutty act but it helped me understand. The rules seemed to be that if the performer stayed in their car, then the watchers could only observe from the outside unless invited to do more by the performer. This could include full sex if the performer wished or the performer could leave the car but then things would become more fluid as to what would happen.
As the days had counted down towards that moment, I had been thinking that I would only allow them to do things while I was in the car but realised that this would be quite limiting. Driving to the spot, I had to clamp my thighs together to stop myself from touching myself and cumming with excitement. My body was craving more and although I wanted to be used as a sex object, I was nervous about taking that step of going outside as in the articles they talked about the performer's partner being able to control the onlookers. As a woman on her own I could imagine that things might get out of hand quickly. This left me in a quandary as to what to do and whether to be cautious or approach the scene with reckless abandon.
When I got there, I stripped and threw my clothes in the back but waited as my brain was spinning as I tried to pluck up the courage to get out of the car. There was a knock at the window and when I saw the cock being pointed at me, I recognised it as belonging to the man I had sucked to completion a fortnight before. This time he had leant forward so I could see his face and he smiled as he complimented my body and then asked if he could touch. I nodded as he put his hand through and caressed my breasts before moving his hand down and touching me between my thighs. It was like I was being touched with an electric prod as each caress was sending tingles through me.
Pushing his hand away I think at first, he thought I was rejecting him, but he murmured approval as I got out of the car and stood naked before him. Not a word was spoken as I draped myself face down over the front of the car in a silent invitation of what I wanted. He seemed more than happy to oblige and when he asked if I wanted 'safe' or 'bare' the only thing I could think to say was, "just fuck me until I can't stand."
I felt him bend his knees and then lift up as his cock buried itself deep into my soaking cunt. The only other man who had even been inside me was my husband as I was a virgin when I had met him. I had played with other cocks and even sucked a few but my husband took my cherry. It had been so long since I had felt a cock in me that I had no way of knowing if he was bigger or smaller than Jack, all I knew was it was fantastic to feel another human being's flesh slapping against mine.
Our actions must have been noticed as a small crowd had gathered as the man fucked me over the car driving his cock in and out of me in long steady strokes. I craned my head from side to side and could see that they all had their cocks out and were masturbating themselves as they watched me being fucked. The man fucking me leant forward, pressing himself against my back and whispered in my ear.
"Do you want them all? or do you want me to put you back in the car after I have finished? Don't worry I will look after you." As his words buzzed through my brain he went on, "I am about to cum, after I have finished if you stay like this, they will take it as an invitation if you stand, I will help you to your car."
As I thought on his words, I heard him grunt and start to thrust faster and deeper until with a loud yell he emptied himself inside. With each of his final thrusts, he lifted himself up onto his tiptoes as he spurted into me. As he pulled away leaving me empty, I knew what I wanted and keeping myself pressed to the car I waited for the next one to drive into me.
The second man was bigger and I could feel him slamming in as he slapped my ass, sending tremors through me. Within minutes I was screaming and cumming hard as he responded by jetting his load deep inside. He pulled out of my ravaged pussy with a loud plop and hardly had the evening air the time to cool my swollen lips when a third man drove inside. As he grunted in and out, he said in a loud voice so that the whole crowd could hear, "Your cunt is getting sloppy now girl, maybe the next one after me should fuck your ass or maybe you would just prefer them to cum all over you."  
I was starting to feel lightheaded once he had finished and before the next man could mount me, I turned and knelt on the grass as they formed a ring around me. As I knelt there, I looked around the circle that had gathered, and they all started to masturbate in a frenzy as I rubbed my clit, my fingers wet from the seed leaking out of me. First one and then another started to send jets of cum flying across my body, some hitting my face, some in my hair, one dollop even splattered on my glasses. I could feel jets hitting my back and my arms as I was covered in rope after rope of sticky cum. There must have been at least 10 loads of cum over my body and I stayed in the kneeling position until as they moved away, I could feel it dripping slowly from me.
My unknown protector lifted me to my feet and wrapped a blanket around me before guiding me to my car. I took a long swig of water from a bottle he handed me and then I wiped the cum off my glasses and drove home.
Interviewer - So has this become a regular thing now?
Violet - Yes, I am a regular there every fortnight. I have joined a dogging club so can make sure there are people around. I have become quite popular as the men know once I get out of the car they can fuck me, but my biggest thrill is still performing as I am watched.