What About Charlie? - Expanding a Vignette
by CaughtOfLore 

Part 2

It’s strange to think that as the girls started undressing again, I had better things to look at. But it was a sight to behold watching Claire and Gabby’s jiggling behinds as they raced those few steps back to the stage. I tilted my head to gain a better angle as the two girls used the gymnastic strength of their upper bodies to pull themselves back onto the stage while doing their best to keep their legs firmly together. Watching their outstretched nude forms as they raised themselves up was electrifying.

I was sad to see that by the time Claire and Gabby returned to their places in the front row and my attention had returned to the stage at large, most of the girls were already pulling the new suits up their bodies. But what it meant was that all of my attention could go back to Claire and Gabby. Unlike prior occasions where the girls were able to fish around in their costume bags for the next outfit while still wearing the prior one, these two had to crouch down bare naked. Despite a valiant attempt with one hand to retain a small amount of dignity, a sharp word from their coach to hurry and catch up with the rest of the girls, meant they had no time for such efforts. In one beautiful moment, the girls dropped all pretence and hunching over their costume bags began flashing me their vulvas and anuses as they feverishly rushed to find the red and white costume. Prior to that moment, I’d never seen something that felt both obscene yet pretty at the same time. But that’s the only way I could think to define this sight. Obscene yet pretty. Two girls each exposing their two most private holes to me. I blinked a few times, as if trying to capture the sight as my mind’s wallpaper image.

With my aunt having taken the moment to fold and put away Claire and Gabby’s costumes with the broken straps, she had not become aware of the display the girls were putting on, otherwise I’m sure - I’m almost absolutely positive - something would have been said.

“OhmygodCharlieNononono…” came a hasty, quietly pained, almost whispered voice from the stage. It was Fiona, the frizzy haired brunette next to Claire, who must have realized what I was able to see in that moment. As she trailed off, it seemed like she was too shamed by the situation, or didn’t feel that she had the authority to tell me what not to do. I’m not sure exactly, but the words were enough to prompt Claire to turn back and see where I was looking. With a yelp, she shot bolt upright, likely realising what she’d been presenting to me. Meanwhile, Gabby remained obliviously and utterly exposed, so I was able to enjoy a few more moments of her before they had both found the costume in question and were able to pull it on.

The costume was a shiny metallic red from the shoulders down to the top of the breasts, with the rest being matte white. It was a simple but sleek looking design, enhanced by the higher cut of the legs and lower cut under the arms compared to the prior costumes. It showed a lot of skin and most of the girls’ hip bones and sides - a pointedly sexier cut than the other leotards, and a look which every single one of the girls was pulling off flawlessly.

The usual salute and pivot directions my aunt then went through, provided an opportunity for me to see the additional visual benefits of this particular cut. From the sides, the wider and lower cut arm holes provided a tantalising hint of the sides of the girls’ boobs. The higher cut in the legs also showed a lot more butt cheek than prior costumes.

However it was after these usual pivots that things took an unexpected turn, as my aunt was apparently not done with instructions for this particular costume set.

“Aaaaand down into side splits!” She said, prompting the girls to all sink their way down to the floor of the stage, shuffling themselves until their legs reached a full horizontal extension either side of them.

Well, this was new. I looked over at my aunt, who leaned over to me and quietly explained “Sometimes these softer suits with higher leg openings have tendencies of riding up, so it pays to test them out like this”. Her knowledge of fabric and suit-cut behavior was lost on me but I knew what the concept of “riding up” was, and was excited that I was there to witness any undesirable results as it was put through its paces.

My eyes weaved from crotch to crotch, hoping to see evidence of my aunt’s concerns coming into play, but I couldn’t see anything going awry. That is, until my aunt advised the girls to stand up again. As they all straightened up, the true results of the test became clear.

Not one, not six, but all twelve of the girls now had fabric riding into the crease of their privates. I had been lucky enough to see these familiar feminine furrows during the prior tugging exercise, but now these contours weren’t popping in and out of existence, they were just… there. Permanently on display for my eyes. And not one of the girls were moving to fix this.

Another tidbit I learned on our drive home later that evening, was that gymnasts can also lose points for picking a wedgie or adjusting their costumes during a routine, even if they are riding up or at risk of slipping in a way that would expose them. This was another behavior my aunt had worked hard to train into her students; a remarkably strong second-nature discipline against making any sort of unconscious adjustments. “You train as you would compete”, she told me - a mantra I had heard her say many times to the girls.

Not that they weren’t already doing an expert job at keeping their hands off their displaced costumes in this glorious moment. Then again, their faces showed that they were very aware of what had happened, not to mention a deep desire to pull the fabric out of their nooks and crannies. Once again, girls’ bodies were squirming this way and that, trying to reposition the crotches of their leotards without using their hands, in a sexy dance that they knew was futile but couldn’t help but persist with. As they watched me watching them perform this dance, I could see faces reddening in real time. I could even hear little groans escaping with their breaths as the embarrassment and frustration of not being able to fix what should have been so easy to fix, snowballed within each of them.

“Oh drat.” My aunt exhaled as she looked at the display that the girls were making on the stage. “That’s a shame, these are quite striking otherwise. Let’s put them in the ‘Yes’ pile with the caveat that we’ll need to glue them if we use them.”

“Glue them?” I asked, wondering if she meant literally gluing the suits down to their skin.
“Oh, yes,” My aunt said, reaching down into her bag, “this’ll amuse you…”
After fishing around for a moment, my aunt pulled out what looked like a small roll-on deodorant bottle.

“We call this stuff ‘butt glue’.” She said. As she had predicted, I let out a chuckle.
“Butt Glue?!” I scoffed. “Like, glue… for butts?”
“It’s a funny name, I know,” my aunt agreed, “but it’s basically an adhesive specially designed to hold misbehaving leotards in place. Morgan!” She suddenly shouted, “Come down here a second!”

A girl with golden blonde hair tied up in a cute white ribbon, stiffened to attention second from the end in the back row. With a look of severe trepidation, Morgan made her way to the front of the stage. She moved slowly, as she evidently didn’t want to disturb her costume any further - I almost choked as I saw that the left lip of her labia was on the verge of slipping out entirely!

When she got to the front of the stage, she very carefully lifted herself down. She couldn’t see herself from the angle I could, but it was clear she could feel the precipice that the leg band was teetering on. She made her way over to us in an awkward tiptoe, trying to casually block my view of her crotch with one of her hands, and looked to her coach with a clear sense of trepidation as she spotted the butt glue she was holding.

“You can fix your costume dear” my aunt instructed Morgan, who wasted no time in doing so. “I’m just going to show Charlie how the glue works if you don’t mind demonstrating?”
Morgan froze. “Uhh…” was all she said, apparently not sure if my aunt was actually asking her if she would be willing, or if she was just politely framing an instruction.
“Okay, spin your tushie around here and hold the fabric out for me?” My aunt asked as she crouched down by Morgan, readying the bottle of adhesive.

Okay, this was really happening!

“Mrs. Abernathy?” Fiona asked.
“Yes, Fiona?”
“Can we please fix our costumes too?”
“No,” my aunt said plainly after a moment’s consideration. “This will be good discipline practice for you all.”

The girls let out a collective frustrated sigh and tried to fight their urge to continue squirming about. The reason Fiona had been the one to voice this request became very apparent as I spotted her costume’s right leg hole in a similar teetering position to where Morgan’s was just a moment ago. With the instruction to not adjust it, all she could do is watch me watching her intently, as she felt the elastic slowly slipping of its own accord. She valiantly bit her lip as the band rolled into her feminine divide, burying itself deep and securely. The entire right lip of her pussy was out, and she knew it. She closed her eyes and I could see the fingers of her right hand twitching as she waited for the permission to cover herself up that she so desperately desired.

I could have stared at this forever, but then things started happening in my immediate vicinity.

Morgan turned away from us, bending a little and tugging the leg hole open just a fraction, to expose a little of her left buttock. My aunt moved closer with the roll on, and then withdrew.
“A little further out, Morgan,” she said, “I can’t quite get in there.”
Morgan looked up to the ceiling in mortified resignation and drew a deep breath as she pulled the elastic about two inches further out from her body. I marvelled at the fact that I was so close I could now make out the tiny peach fuzz hairs on her toned globes. My aunt reached out with her free hand and assisted Morgan in stretching the fabric even further still. She maintained the hold, ensuring Morgan couldn’t rein it back in.

Morgan flinched slightly as the cold wet ball of the roll-on made contact, and I watched as my aunt painted a thorough coating of the glue across the part of her rump that the costume was supposed to cover.

A bold, mischievous thought suddenly crossed my mind.

“How sticky is it?” I asked with an innocent tone.
“Here, try touching it”, my aunt said casually, holding out the end of the roll-on toward me.
“Noooo!” Morgan shrieked, jumping away and spinning around to face us.

As Morgan leapt and twirled, the undercarriage of the leotard, still hooked in my aunt’s hand, was wrenched to one side before leaving her grip. For a few seconds, Morgan seemed not to realise that she was “out”. And not just a lip on the edge this time - the leotard had completely bunched to one side, exposing her full pussy lips to me. There was even a few little blonde hairs peeking out from the visible part of her mons. When Morgan finally noted where I was looking and realized her state of indecency, her hands couldn’t have moved faster to fix the bare-all wardrobe malfunction.

Realizing how Morgan had misinterpreted what was happening with my aunt’s offer for me to touch the glue, my aunt let out an uproarious laugh. As Morgan looked back at us from readjusting her crotch covering and pieced together what was actually going on, she immediately went into apology overdrive. It was kind of bonkers to see her apologising like this immediately after having her privates exposed, but nothing was making sense to me in that moment, so I just let it wash over me and continued to enjoy another vibrant, embarrassed face.

“Relax, Morgan, relax!” My aunt insisted hastily, composing herself again for the more pressing issue at hand. She gestured for Morgan to return to where she was standing before. “Come back here, you’re going to end up with the leotard glued in the wrong position.”

Morgan re-approached and spun her buns to face us again. I watched my aunt swiftly lift the leotard into place herself, with no protest from Morgan as she did so. I wondered for a moment whether there might be some world in which I could be dubbed the team’s official butt glue technician.

“Other side now please Morgan”, my aunt requested, and Morgan swivelled her body to present the other cheek for gluing.

Watching the glue rolling around and around on Morgan’s bum was hypnotic - I could have zenned out to it all afternoon.

“Normally you would give it a good five minutes to ‘set’ a little,” My aunt explained as she finished with the glue and began pressing the fabric firmly against her buttocks. “It’s the most tacky when it’s set, but it works fairly well while still wet too. We’ll just give it a minute or so.”

While we waited, I had a chance to look back up at the stage. I could immediately see that Fiona, Elena and Gabby in the front row had all adjusted their costumes while we were preoccupied with Morgan. I blurted this out to my aunt before I had a chance to think about how this may have reflected upon my innocent persona, but fortunately it seemed that the girls’ infraction overshadowed my apparent photographic memory of their crotches.

“Girls!” my aunt shouted. “Unacceptable! All of you, ten high kick stretches with each leg! I want to see straight legs and toes pointed sky high with each lift! Now!”

The girls on the stage all began pointing their legs skyward in front of them, first one, then the other. Within a couple of reps, the girls who had dared try to fix their leotards found themselves back in very precarious states of coverage.

“Sorry to those of you who were being well disciplined,” my aunt said as the girls continued to kick their way into more intense wedgies, “you can blame the other girls for not being team players.”

By the time the girls had finished, catching their breath and resuming their well-postured stances, the state of leotards were in even further disarray than before. Repeatedly raising and lowering each leg had guided both leg holes inward, nudging the fabric from each side to wedgie in between the folds of their privates. Practically all of the girls now had little more than a thin bunched strip of material between their legs, resting in the crevice of their otherwise exposed labia.

My aunt instructed Morgan to perform side splits again, which she now proceeded to do with complete confidence - a testament to the glue. And sure enough, her confidence was not misplaced. Gone was the prior fabric creep. I made a sound to suggest I was impressed, but this was by far one of the least impressive sights I’d had the pleasure of seeing that day.

“Alright, thank you Morgan.” My aunt said. “You can head back up to the stage now, but leave the Leo with me so I can get it cleaned.”
“Leave it… here?” Morgan asked, hoping she had misunderstood.
“It’s got glue on it, dear,” my aunt reasoned, almost amused by the idea that Morgan seemed confused. She held out a hand to collect the leotard. “It needs to be cleaned… this isn’t anything new - you know this! Now come on, you’re holding everyone up!”

Morgan let out a whimper as she hooked her thumbs under the shoulder straps and lifted them up, then down her shoulders. She paused to swivel away again, before pulling the leotard the rest of the way down her slender body. I smiled as she did her darnedest to hide what we both knew I’d already seen, and I almost openly laughed at the loud “SHHHLUP!” sound that the fabric made as it peeled away from her glue-coated behind. When it was off, she half crouched and half turned back to face us in order to be able to hand the costume to my aunt. Whatever instinct she had to adopt this pose, it did nothing to hide her perky breasts from me - really the only part of her I hadn’t gotten a clear look at by that point. Her nipples had a warm, rosy hue to them, the color much more pronounced than they had looked through the slightly sheer leotard earlier, and only just beaten in vibrance by the blush of her face. As soon as my aunt had taken hold of the leotard, Morgan scurried back to the stage.

Morgan’s backside glistened as the glue all over it caught the stage lights. I swear, I’m not traditionally what you’d call a “butt guy”, but in retrospect, this particular afternoon of events and this retelling of them really make it sound like the fates were trying to make me one.

I definitely found a much bigger appreciation for them on that day, that’s for sure.

My aunt turned her attention back to the girls on stage, still standing red-faced and embarrassed, with their hands by their sides and the pudgy lips of their genitals still obscenely squashed out either side of their frontal wedgies. She took a few moments to run her gaze across everyone, to make sure none of them had repeated the sin of adjusting their costumes while she was tending to Morgan. I happily did the same. It seemed there was no sneaky adjustments made this time, though it was clear each girl was now positively itching to be given permission to remedy their uncomfortable exposure.

“Right! Time to try the green leotard, my lovelies!” My aunt finally sang as Morgan sank back into the back row.

*****

The girls were by this point not only sporting flushed faces, but they were also physically sweating. It hadn’t dawned on me at the time, but in addition to performing salutes and other routine pieces in between repeatedly dressing and undressing, they were also putting immense strain on their leg muscles, constantly squeezing them together as they got changed, in order to ensure nothing would be accidentally flashed between them.

The green leotard was loud and garishly sparkly. To paint a vivid picture, it was emerald green, and visually provided the answer to the question ‘What if I gave a rhinestone applicator the biggest orgasm of its life and it finished on my chest?’

It seemed that by this fifth costume change, my earlier hopes were coming true for the girls to become a little more revealing as they got changed. Though admittedly it was fate and outside forces that were the reason, rather than any change in level of comfort from the girls. No, they were all still very much barely coping with this Groundhog Day of exposure. They were all just as embarrassed and desperate to get back into a dressed state as soon as possible, but despite their desires to finish the race, unexpected circumstances were throwing hurdles in front of them to trip over.

As well as exhaustion clearly setting in for all of the girls, Morgan now had the additional problem of a glue covered posterior, which was catching and trying to adhere to every part of the new leotard that it came into contact with as she tried to get it up her body and into place. And although it was fun to watch her writhing and wrestling about trying to cover up her nakedness, by the time she was done, there was still someone else not yet dressed to whom I could turn my attention.

At the extreme right of the stage, a shapely strawberry blonde I knew to be called Addison, was starting to have something of a minor freak-out, as she tried to wrench the latest garment up and over her gloriously round butt cheeks. Addison was not a particularly large girl by any means, but it had become incredibly clear that this leotard was not the same size as the other ones she had been trying on, and in fact would have been several sizes too small for her to be able to fit into. Still, the panic of not yet being able to get herself covered up again was putting her in a state of anxious irrationality. And as such, she continued to repeatedly tug and pull with desperation (and clear futility) on the snug, unbudging leotard. Her buttocks clenched and jiggled and jostled this way and that as she frantically tried to hide herself away, to no avail.

Putting two and two together, my eyes snapped across to the far left of the stage, to check in on Lilly, the most petite of the girls by quite a margin. Lilly’s face was obscured by the ringlets of her dark hair as she looked down her body, surveying a leotard that was, sure enough, a good few sizes too large. The fabric hung loosely on her body, with the rumpled crotch dangling a couple of inches down from where it should have been snugly holding her undercarriage. I let my mind entertain the thought for a moment that nobody would address this. The idea that my aunt would instruct the girls to salute, pivot, and perhaps even perform a few other stretching exercises. Having Lilly’s free-floating leotard leg holes providing little peeks at her privates as she moved, and Addison performing the same exercises with a bunched leotard around the underside of her buttocks, forfeiting virtually any mystery about her naked body.

But that was never going to happen; their predicament was impossible to miss, and my aunt was already on the case.

“Addison, stop!” My aunt said with concern as she witnessed Addison’s frenetically violent wrenching now causing a couple of the rhinestones to become unstuck from the costume and fall to the stage. “You’re going to tear the costume if you keep that up! There’s clearly been a mix up when we packed these, and you and Lilly have each other’s Leos for this one.”

Addison looked up for the first time since stepping into the outfit, and saw Lilly across the other side of the stage.

“Well go on,” My aunt urged, clapping her hands a couple of times, “Tick-tock! Switch! Switch!”

Addison stood frozen to the spot, unsure how she was supposed to make her way over to Lilly in this state in a dignified manner, leaving Lilly to trot across the stage and meet her at the front. Knowing they were already leaving their coach and the rest of their team waiting, they started undressing again, in order to make the exchange.

“Oh, Charlie,” My aunt asked, “Could you be a dear and reach up and grab those stray rhinestones from the stage before they get kicked somewhere? I’ll need to have them reapplied. I can see one near the edge of the stage there…” she said, helpfully pointing in front of the two girls currently in undress mode.

“Uhm, yyyeah, sure, just let me put my school bag… over here…” I stalled, as I quickly adjusted my excited state into a less visible bulge beneath the bag before removing it from my lap.

Lilly turned to face the back of the stage, eyeing me with intense unease as I approached them. With such a tight fit and intense tugging, Addison meanwhile was now struggling to work the overstretched suit back down her thighs, and began making little exasperated sounds that exuded her frustration and embarrassment. This left Lilly fully undressed, and as she waited eagerly for Addison to provide her with something to change into, she shifted Addison’s balled up leotard around behind her to shield her buttocks from my barely subtle upward gaze. But not before I had plenty of time to commit those cute bubble buns to memory.

Finally, Addison was able to start dislodging the suit down from her upper thighs, though it was taking both hands to do so, as well as the need to bend forward a little. I let slip an audible gasp as she accidentally tilted herself just enough for her to reveal her butt hole to me, before she clenched her buttocks and it was gone again from view.

I went through the motions of performing a sweep-search of the stage area in front of me with my hands while Addison continued to lower the leotard. I kept my eyes mainly to the stage, to legitimise my being there, but of course I was glancing up from time to time.

The next time I did this, Addison had exposed her anus yet again, giving me a few more seconds to take a mental snapshot of her butt hole before she straightened up once more. She parted her legs a little to allow the garment to finally drop to her ankles, and I had a brief opportunity to gaze up between her slightly parted legs. Alas, she was acutely aware of my vantage point and had one hand tightly curled over her pussy. She stepped out of the leotard, straightening up as soon as she realized her potentially compromising position. At last, she could cover herself up with the correct sized leotard. With no time to waste, she put one hand behind her (almost as a formality now rather than serving any practical shielding purpose) and crouched to collect Lilly’s suit so that they could make the exchange. All the time, Lilly was eyeing me anxiously and shifting her weight from one foot to the other in a nervous bouncing motion.

“The other rhinestone’s there,” Gabby said, pointing with her foot to where it had bounced and landed in front of her. She, like the rest of the girls, wanted me done with my task and away from the stage. I had been sparing in my clandestine glances upward, but I’m guessing Gabby had spotted me unglue my downward-cast eyes on at least one occasion.
“Thanks” I said, snatching up the runaway rhinestone and quickly resuming my position in front of Lilly and Addison. “I think I heard a third one drop though,” I lied as an excuse to hang around some more.
“It was just two”, Gabby assured me.
“No, I’m sure there was another one that fell over here somewhere,” I insisted. “Won’t hurt to look”, I said, doing my best to mock search while subtly taking occasional glances up at the nude girls again.

Addison had meanwhile stood back up from removing the ill-fitting leotard, and was holding Lilly’s leotard out to her side for Lilly to take. Lilly kept one hand behind her (again, doing little to cover more than her left ass cheek) and brought the other hand containing Addison’s leotard back around to her front, holding it in her direction. This left them in a position where they didn’t have any free hand to take their own leotard from the other person. For a few seconds, just wanting this to be over, they tried to make the exchange with the one hand, until my aunt prompted them to stop messing around. With a defeated sigh, the girls completely dropped their guards and relinquished the shielding position of their unencumbered hands in favour of getting the whole exchange ordeal done with, once and for all.

“I’m positive I heard another one drop around here…” I said, continuing my facade as I stole glimpses upward.

Addison and Lilly untangled their leotards, and finally worked the outfits into place over their beautiful bodies. Addison was relieved, however I could see Lilly’s shoulders sink in anguish as she looked down at her front.

I could tell from the back what the source of her woes were, as it was clear how loose and baggy this suit had now become. I listened as Lilly, in a wavering voice, explained to my aunt that it seemed Addison’s tugging with reckless abandon had broken or unthreaded the elastic of the leg holes. This left her costume susceptible to a wardrobe malfunction I very much wanted to see her have to demonstrate.

But I couldn’t be that lucky, right?

“How broken are we talking?” My aunt asked, taking half a step forward. There was a pause, suggesting that Lilly didn’t know quite how to answer the question. When the answer wasn’t forthcoming, my aunt said “Come down here and give me a look”.

Lilly’s whole body visibly flinched at the words. It took her a second, but to her credit, she pulled herself together and stepped forward to the edge of the stage, with one hand over her crotch. How bad was it that she needed to cover her crotch when she stepped forward, I wondered excitedly.

“Huh. Maybe there were only two rhinestones after all,” I said, turning to walk back over to my aunt with the gems in hand alongside Lilly.

Gabby didn’t even bother with an “I tried to tell you there were only two” - she could see exactly what game I was playing.

Lilly almost had a fall from the stage trying to climb down one-handed, but recovered well. Her eyes locked with mine as we both approached my aunt, perhaps taking a new tactic of trying to guilt me into looking away. I handed the rhinestones over to my aunt and resumed my seat, quickly returning my schoolbag to my lap. When I looked up and noticed Lilly was still trying to stare me down, I lowered my head in response, but not so much that I couldn’t still see her lower half. It was likely she knew I was still eyeing off her lower body, but it didn’t matter either way as we probably both knew my faux courtesy nod wouldn’t last.

My aunt crouched in front of Lilly and without any words exchanged it was obvious what Lilly had to do. I watched her pull her hand out from where it was nestled tightly between her legs, making a concerted effort not to disturb how she had the fabric tucked in snug against her undercarriage. Of course, she was only delaying the inevitable next instruction.

“Let’s see the damage then, Lilly. Legs apart a little, please.”

“Can we do it later?” Lilly asked desperately.
“Later? We’re here right now,” My aunt reasoned, “That would be a waste of time, which we are fast running out of this evening.”
“But… Charlie…” Lilly whispered. I’m not sure why she whispered as I was still well within earshot.
My aunt looked over at me, my head still lowered as I pretended to look for something in my school bag.
“What is it with you girls and Charlie?” My aunt asked in bemusement.
I used the opportunity to look back up. “Hmm?” I asked as if I had been tuned out this whole time. “Did you want me?”
“No, honey, you go back to whatever you’re doing.” She said, before returning her attention straight back to Lilly. “See? He’s not even interested. And even if he was, it shouldn’t phase you.”

My aunt stood back up, raising her voice to extend the rest of her diatribe to all of the girls and not just Lilly. “What we’re doing here is important, girls. We’re trying to decide on the new Leo you’re all wearing to the gym meet - how you’re all going to be presented to everyone there. You’ll be performing in front of potentially hundreds… But right now, you’re all getting shaken by my nephew! Now I don’t want to hear another word about Charlie from any of you until we’re done here! And no more of this interminably slow changing ritual, we simply don’t have the time for it anymore. You’re not going to be trying to cover yourself or turn away from the judges, or the crowd, are you?”

The room was frostily silent.

“Are you?” She repeated firmly.
“No, Coach…”, the girls squeamishly responded.
“Right. You train as you would compete. Understood?”
“Yes, Coach…” came the dispirited response from the girls.
“Okay. I don’t want to have to bring this up again.” She said, allowing a moment of silent reflection to pass.

I slowly allowed my head to raise again, and could see that my aunt had now returned her attention to Lilly. Lilly had locked eyes with my aunt and was evidently back to the tactic of doggedly trying to pretend I didn’t exist. I had been so caught up in the laying of the law by my aunt that I had also completely missed the fact that Lilly was also now standing with her legs a shoulder width apart, and I was finally able to see the extent of damage to the leg holes of the costume. The crotch of the costume hung loosely to where there was a clear opening through which I would be able to see her exposed, bare privates, if I could just get myself to the right angle. However, frustratingly, it would mean getting out of my chair and drawing attention to what I was doing, painting me as the perverted boy that the girls apparently wanted my aunt to see me as.

My aunt stooped down again to examine the extent of the damage. She squinted at the loose fabric that looped its way under Lilly’s crotch area.

“Does it still have elasticity or is it completely loose?” My aunt asked with a returned balance of quiet concern.
“I… I- I… I don’t know…?” Lilly quietly stammered, rising in pitch to a wispy squeak as she watched my aunt gingerly hooking a finger into the slack.

And then, without a modicum of concern for Lilly’s blushing red embarrassment, my aunt tugged the crotch of the leotard out and away from where it had been draped loosely in front of her privates. She had literally pulled back the curtain to where I now had an unobstructed view of Lilly’s hairless pussy. The detail I could make out in such close proximity was almost too much for my overstimulated hormones to handle at this stage. This was such an unexpected opportunity that my brain was swimming, and I made no effort to hide the tilting of my body and head to get the best view possible. I openly gaped at the soft pinkish fold of her girlish secrets. I think I might have even stopped breathing for a minute when I noticed a small area of stubble on the lower part of her pubic mound that she had apparently missed when last shaving. These were the kind of unexpected, intricate little details that would pepper and enhance my future night time fantasies.

Lilly was no longer looking at me with any perceivable intent of guilting me into looking away. It was too late for that. Now, she stood with her eyes tightly closed. Forget trying to pretend I wasn’t there, Lilly was trying to pretend she wasn’t there. But she was reminded by a number of small tugs at her crotch of exactly where she was, as my aunt stress-tested the elastic. Lilly punctuated each little tug with a series of soft, staccato squeals that she tried to stifle with a hand to her mouth.

“Okay, I can’t see any fabric damage,” my aunt mumbled, “The leg elastic has broken in multiple places though, which is why it’s all floppy like this. The good news is that I think our seamstress should be able to repair it.”

I knew where this was going now. If only Lilly had come to terms with what was to happen next, I’m sure she would have turned away. But she still had her eyes closed and couldn’t see it coming.

My aunt reached up and grabbed the shoulder straps of the leotard, rolling them off Lilly’s shoulders and pulling her only covering to the floor. Lilly’s eyes shot open as she felt her only covering slide down her body. Much like Claire earlier, she was caught off-guard for a second before her hands went to work.

“Ahh!” She sang, squashing her breasts with her left arm and slapping a hand over her vulva.

“Alright, back to the stage now,” my aunt said with zero emotion, not even looking at Lilly as she tended to folding the latest leotard and putting it away with the others she had collected.

Lilly scampered back over to the stage and shakily lifted herself up in a more hastened fashion than the prior girls had, allowing her legs to part and flash me her girlish secrets once again. She looked incredibly clumsy, but no amount of clumsiness was going to make Lilly flashing her pussy anything less than hot as all hell.

“Home stretch now, girls. Time for the last costume.” My aunt declared. The girls didn’t look all that relieved at the news, presumably as this was in essence their notice to strip naked again. And this time, after their Coach’s recent scolding of them, they knew they would need to display expedience over modesty. Not wanting to waste a second, they all dove into their bags to retrieve the final piece of attire.

As Lilly took her place at the back left of the stage behind Claire and crouched to find the new suit, Claire and Fiona shuffled to block my view of the naked girl, not wanting me to bear witness to yet another girl’s “obscene yet pretty” presentation. How rude of them!

*****

“Now this one will obviously require some lining underneath if we go ahead with it, as there are a lot of open areas,” my aunt forewarned as the girls pulled out the last new costume set of the day. “The seamstress ran out of time to put the lining in just yet, but I asked her to include the costumes as-is, because this will still give us an idea of how it looks. If it doesn’t look any good and we decide not to use them, we won’t bother with the cost and time in getting them lined.”

As my aunt spoke, the girls puzzled over the final outfit. It looked like it was in tatters; a tangle of black bands which when worn would make a lot more sense, wrapping over the body in a spider web-like structure. I almost squealed with delight at the costume! It really didn’t matter if they were able to expertly guard themselves while getting changed this final time; without lining underneath, there was no doubt I would be able to glimpse all sorts of stuff when they were wearing this!

The girls turned the costume this way and that, trying to work out which bands were merely visual design flair, and which bands were the functional ones that served as the frame of the costume. They all looked so panicked at how revealing this was going to be, but as a few of them found the right orientation for the costume, it became clearer that the design had larger black areas that would cover their breasts and genitals.

Rats. Well, there was still plenty of possibility for wardrobe malfunctions, I figured.

“This one’s too fiddly to try and put on one-handed, girls,” My aunt said as she predicted what would no doubt happen as soon as the girls deemed themselves ready to switch costumes. “Let’s just get over this extreme modesty hullabaloo and put this one on properly please. We’re running out of time.”

I was expecting more of a visceral reaction to this suggestion, but it became apparent that the girls were too preoccupied with the puzzle in front of them to really give what their coach had said any consideration.

When a few of the girls had oriented themselves with the garment, they began their nervous, reluctant-as-ever undressing. I was struck with the sad thought that this was to be the last time the girls would need to strip off in front of me, so I watched with a renewed determination.

Sure enough, this outfit with all its open areas and confusing design, was proving a lot more difficult for the girls to get into one-handed. Girls who thought they had it figured out had hastily tugged off their prior costumes only to find that - just as they had been warned - trying to navigate this new one with only one hand ended up reducing what they were holding back into nothing more than a jumble of tangled straps.

Suddenly, a familiar sound cut through the air.

SHHHLUP!

The sound of Morgan peeling her prior costume off of her glue-covered backside.

“Oh my gosh! Morgan!” My aunt exclaimed. “I can’t believe I had you get glue on another costume! Bring me that one, hun, I’m going to need to get it washed as well. And before I forget again, don’t get into the last one, otherwise it’ll need to be cleaned too! It would be a nightmare trying to get into it while covered in glue anyway.”

“Can I just put this back on while I get my clothes then?” Morgan asked, already starting to work the prior leotard back up past her sticky bottom.

“Morgan! Stop that!” My aunt yelled. “The last thing we need is another overstretched rhinestone costume requiring repairs! Take it off and hand it here!”

My aunt was now clearly getting agitated by the numerous hold-ups the girls were causing.

“What can I wear though?” Morgan whined, “Our clothes are at the back of the room!”

The whining tone hit like nails on a chalkboard to my aunt. “You can wear nothing, Morgan!” she exploded, “And you can stand there facing me with your arms at your sides and wait patiently until we’re done here!”

Morgan’s body went as still as a statue, a panic paralysis setting in at the instruction she’d just been given.

“Now, Morgan!” My aunt shouted, “Get that thing off, bring it to me, and then stand there with your arms at your sides. You’ve got ten seconds.”

Everybody stopped what they were doing as Morgan’s fate was sealed and she began quickly pulling her costume off. Obviously the girls would have been quietly hoping all this time that the occasional flash of nudity was the limit of what they would be expected to put on show in front of me. But Morgan had just been dealt the reality that the rest of the girls had doubtlessly been quietly fearing. Morgan was being asked to stand facing me, naked and with arms by her sides, until it was time to get dressed. Any one of them could be next - we all knew it.

There was no further possibility of modesty for Morgan. There was just a moment’s hesitation as she took a deep, pained breath, before she turned on her feet to face me. She crouched just a little and held the green rhinestoned costume in front of her as she hurried to the front of the stage. Her efforts to try and use it as a final few seconds of last-resort shielding only served to build my suspense of the fact that she was about to have nothing at all with which to cover.

“Just toss it to me and get back into place.” My aunt instructed, not willing to waste any more time with waiting for her to climb off and onto the stage again.

I could see Morgan internally wrestling with throwing the only piece of clothing she had at hand into the abyss.

And then, with a scrunched up face, Morgan relinquished her leotard, tossing it off the stage and leaving herself without a stitch on. The dramatic pose she struck as she threw the costume, her arms outstretched as the material left her fingers and unveiled her full naked form, served as a silent fanfare celebrating the moment - a moment which will live in my mind rent-free for all time. Her breasts jiggled at the movement, and continued to jiggle as she brought her hands down and ran back to her spot. And yes, she did exactly as she had been instructed when she got back to her spot, turning to face us with her arms by her sides.

This prolonged, uninterrupted sight of Morgan’s complete nudity was fucking beautiful.

For the rest of the girls who were lucky enough to still be facing the back of the stage, but stunned and terrified by what had just happened, getting into the new costume in a timely manner now became much more of a vital objective. Like a switch had been flipped, the last of the girls who hadn’t already, found the aggressive nudge that they needed to relinquish the prior costume, leaving them all naked and trying to reacquire their bearings with the unusual final costume set. Though they had made it past the threshold of removing the green leotard, all but Harley were still unwilling to uncover their rears and use more than one hand to try and get into the new one.

Harley, who had of course learned the immense dexterity advantages of two-handed changing earlier, was now reaping the benefits of that lesson. She was the only one who looked even remotely close to being able to step into the new outfit. I revelled in the benefits I was also reaping from her lesson. Namely, some more cheeky unguarded peeks between her legs! And with Morgan off to the side standing completely naked and uncovered, my eyes were darting around so much I thought they would soon start smoking and catch fire from being overworked.

My aunt was, by this point, looking very, very annoyed. This night of trying out new leotards was already destined to be a long one, and with the awkward one-handed dance that most of the girls were still persisting with, she was probably now feeling like it was never going to end. This latest performance of their wilful fumbling by virtue of their (in her opinion) misplaced modesty, had become too much of a heated issue for my aunt, and it was time for her to finally reach boiling point.

“Girls, stop! All of you, stop what you’re doing!” She shouted. The girls paused. With Harley being the only one to have so far successfully pulled her suit into place enough to be hiding her lower regions, there was a lot of nudity to take in. But there was about to be much more of a show on that stage.

“Hands to your sides and face me, NOW!” My exasperated aunt instructed the girls.

I couldn’t believe it.

The girls couldn’t believe it.

But belief aside… The whole regiment - the other eleven girls - all spun around. The girls were stood for the first time as a full group, naked as the day they were born, and - finally - facing me. Even the lower coverage that Harley had at that point managed, rolled down her body and fell to her feet, exposing her full body once more as she brought her hands to her sides. Claire and Fiona were the only ones to have not completely obeyed their coach, and held their hands in front of themselves, trying to casually block their crotches from my view. But my aunt wasn’t having a moment of it, shouting their names loudly and causing the startled pair to sheepishly snap their hands to their sides as well. The two of them closed their eyes knowing full well that their antics had only served to draw my attention specifically to them.

I couldn’t tell you what words came next from my aunt’s mouth. It was almost definitely a short but impassioned lecture on why as performance athletes, they needed to stop being so precious and guarded about their bodies in front of one little boy. Certainly something along those lines. But I didn’t hear a word of it. My aural synapses had shut down. All of my sensory energy had been diverted to my eyes. Watching. Exploring. Examining.

Twelve naked girls. Twelve unbelievably gorgeous naked girls. Twelve girls’ vulvas. Six with pubic hair. Six completely hairless. Twenty-four boobs. Two larger sets. Six medium sets. Four smaller sets. All perfection.

I began to become more attuned to my aunt’s words again when I heard my name being mentioned.

“Charlie, would you mind helping me out?” She asked.

“Uh, sure?” I said, wondering where this was going.

“Can you go stand up on the stage over to the left near Claire there please?” She asked.

I blinked at her, thinking I must have missed something. “Up onto the stage?” I queried, pointing in Claire’s direction.

“Sorry hun,” she said, “I know you didn’t ask to be dragged into this. It won’t take long.”

I let my schoolbag drop to the floor and walked over toward Claire in a daze. What was going on?

I reached the stage and made a genuine attempt to scale the edge, but I wasn’t the athletic type and didn’t have the upper body strength that the girls had. This would have proved embarrassing for me, but then there were a bunch of girls standing nude on stage, so the bar for embarrassment had been kind of skewed.

“Claire and Fiona,” my aunt said, “can you please give Charlie a hand getting up?”

It was clear that Claire and Fiona would need to assist me, much to their dismay. The naked redhead and brunette kneeled down and the three of us worked to get me up onto the stage. Well actually, I don’t know how much help I was, since I was mostly distracted at the incredible compromising positioning Claire and Fiona’s bodies were put into while squatting and lifting me toward them. I’ll be honest, as soon as I saw the pink flourishes of their partially spread vulvas between their opened, splayed legs, I may have gone completely ragdoll.

Once I was on the stage and I had regained my land-legs, Claire and Fiona stepped back into the front row, with Fiona’s hands instinctively going to cover herself up again before she realized what she was doing and brought them back to her sides. Both girls exchanged a look with me - their eyes screaming “oh god, what did I just show you?” and my glassy wide-eyed expression giving them a very concise answer.

“Okay,” my aunt said, “I’m going to have Charlie walk around the stage to make sure you’re aware of his presence. This single twelve year old should not have one iota of effect on your confidence. Now continue getting into the final costume.”

I looked along the row of naked girls to my left, and then across to the row behind me as they resumed trying to untangle their costumes, this time with their bodies completely exposed to me. This was insane.

“Go on, Charlie. Just walk around,” My aunt insisted.

Walking suddenly felt strange, like I was only partly in control of my legs and partly on autopilot. I weaved among the girls, my eyes wandering all over them, and their eyes all looking at the floor.

“Girls!” My aunt said, “Lift the leotards up in front of you. You’re never going to untangle them hunched over like that.”

The girls lifted the leotards higher as instructed, which had them standing less hunched over, and brought the young boy walking among them more easily into their periphery. As I walked in front of them, there would be the occasional brief moment of eye contact with me, and I could see flickers of recognition registering on their faces as I did. Cute, blushing recognition.

As I walked, I could feel my excited erection rubbing against the inside of my pants, and had to slow down my walking as I realized the unintentional stimulation was becoming too much. I could masturbate all I wanted about this for the rest of my life, and would have plenty of vivid memories to pull from - for now though, I needed to keep from getting too excited.

Easier said than done when taking a stroll through a field of naked sporty teenaged girls. A twelve year old boy’s trigger-happy genitals weren’t built ready for this level of teasing. Still, somehow, I found a pace that would keep me under control, but I could also tell that my underwear was going to be utterly soaked with precum by the time this was over.

Slowing down was allowing for more prolonged looks at each girl as I wandered. Bare shoulders, breasts and bellies glistened with sweat as the young gymnasts lifted their legs and twisted their bodies this way and that, wrangling the labyrinthine leotard.

Harley was the first to get her costume on, followed by Prue, then one by one the rest of the girls got there, until the only person left for me to ogle was the costumeless Morgan. I stopped in front of her.

My aunt wasted no time, instructing them to salute the very moment they were all ready to do so. The girls all shot their hands into the air. The upward stretching of the girls’ bodies had the unexpected consequence of causing all of their nipples to be lifted above the little zones of coverage that the incomplete suit provided.

Morgan gasped as she instinctively raised her hands too, despite currently standing devoid of any costume, and with me standing directly in front of her. I was shocked at seeing how her smallish breasts effectively disappeared as she stretched her body upwards. When she realized that she probably wasn’t expected to join in with this, she quickly dropped her hands back down, but this secondary movement only served to draw my aunt’s attention.

“No, that was good, Morgan,” she said, “commendable team spirit! You may as well join them. Resume your salute!”

I heard Morgan let out a little sigh of regret, as she raised her arms again, and watched me watching her boobs vanish.

“Arms to your sides!” My aunt instructed. As the girls lowered their arms, only around half of the girls had their nipples fall back behind the covering that the costume offered, with the rest finding the peaks of their breasts catching on the top edge of the shielding and remaining perched there.

“And quarter pivot! Quarter pivot! Quarter pivot! Quarter pivot!”

As the girls pivoted, the ones whose nipples were catching above the shielding made efforts to shift heavy on their feet, in an attempt to dislodge their peeking perkies. It worked for all but Prue and Lilly. While it was disappointing to have all these nipples hidden again, it was fun to see the bounce properties of all these different sets of breasts as they made their sharp movements.

And Morgan’s unencumbered breasts… there was a whole different appeal watching these movements with a completely naked girl. Her boobs might have been small, but they still had a very fun little jiggle each time she moved.

“Mrs. Abernathy!” Morgan abruptly shouted, almost scaring me out of my own clothes. “Charlie’s not walking around anymore, he’s just staring at me!”

“That’s what an audience does, Morgan,” my aunt responded, “you need to get used to it. It’s not a big deal!”

Morgan turned her attention to me, now pleading with her face for me to move on and stand in front of someone else. But her and I both knew that my aunt would be expecting me to keep staring at her now, at least for a bit longer, to make her point. I mouthed the word “sorry” to Morgan, and at least let my eyes wander to some of the other girls around me.

It must have felt excruciating as the girls waited for my aunt’s verdict on this final leotard, as she paced back and forth. I could see that some of the girls were even literally holding their breaths waiting to be told they could go and get dressed.

“This is tough,” my aunt said eventually, “I think this one will look good with the lining underneath, but not sure it’s worth our seamstress rushing through for this meet. Maybe for the next meet though...”

There was a long pause, and I could see the girls begging with their eyes to be given permission to end their torture. I took the opportunity to begin walking around again.

“So the shortlist we’ve narrowed it down to for this meet are the pink and white one, the blue and gold one, and the red and white one…” my aunt deliberated for an excruciatingly long time. Finally, she spoke again, but it was not at all what anyone expected.

“Let’s go back through the finalists. Pink and white one first, girls.”

The girls stared back at their coach in disbelief. They had to get naked again? But… their humiliation was supposed to be over!

“Now, girls,” my aunt said, clapping her hands together again to try and get things moving, “We’re almost there. We just need to narrow it down to a winner. The quicker we rotate through these, the quicker I’ll be able to choose. Except you, Morgan, you can stay as you are, obviously.”

The girls looked absolutely defeated by this unexpected extension to their embarrassment. I could see their disappointment and frustration at the absolute unfairness of what was transpiring in their eyes. The sudden rug-pull brought a renewed warm glow to all of their faces within seconds. I tried to keep a poker face, but for any of the girls glancing at me, it’s very possible that they could sense the festivities going on behind my eyes.

And so, the girls all undressed, now without being able to hide themselves from me as I walked around and in between them. Three more rounds of getting naked gave me the opportunity to check any aspects of any of the girls I hadn’t yet checked off my bucket list. In one evening, I had gone from never even having seen a real life nude girl before, to knowing nooks and crannies of twelve different girls that even they may have never known about.

As the costumes were cycled through, my aunt decided to rule out the red and white costume as it would require the use of butt glue, and the blue and gold one when she recalled that the floors at the gymnastics meet venue were a similar blue. In the end, she chose the pink and white leotard - the very first costume the girls had tried on that evening. The leotard they were already wearing when I first walked in, before any of them had been seen completely naked by an innocent, friendly twelve year old boy they knew as Charlie.

Almost perfectly on cue, an alarm on my aunt’s watch beeped.

“Okay team,” my aunt said as she stopped the alarm, “that’s our time here. Thank you all for picking up the pace so we could get through this in time. And on that note, let’s all please thank Charlie for helping us to work through your modesty issues this afternoon.”

“Thank you Charlie”, the girls reluctantly said. I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do, so I awkwardly nodded and gave a double thumbs up.

“Thanks Charlie,” my aunt added, before instructing the girls that they could now pack away all of their costumes into their bags and head to the back of the room to get dressed into their regular clothing.

For one final time, I watched the girls around me get naked. I watched as they crouched to sort out their costumes and put them away, and then I slid down off the stage as they all headed to the back of the gymnasium to get dressed. I could feel the wave of collective relief like a refreshing breeze, as the girls reached their clothing. And even though this marked the end of my evening of seeing naked girls, I actually felt relieved for them too. Plus, my penis had now been hard and positively drooling for almost an hour, and I just wasn’t used to this kind of thing - I needed relief as well!

As they began dressing, I got one last little thrill, an image I thought I was going to see much earlier that evening. I got to see each girl step into the panties that they had chosen to wear under their clothes that day, and what kind of bras all of these girls wore. Twelve girls putting on their personal, private undergarments. One final little insight into each of them that I could take with me.

After each of the girls had put their last pieces of clothing back on, they collected their belongings and filed out in silence, not once making eye contact with me. And honestly, after going through such unending mortification in front of me, I couldn’t blame them.

*****

“You train as you would compete,” my aunt concluded as she drove me home, having just explained to me the reason for her rule against the adjustment of ‘riding up’ costumes during her training sessions.

“You know,” I said after a long pause in thought, “You should start using the leotard with the red and white pattern as the girls’ regular weekly training uniform.”
“Why’s that?” My aunt asked.
“Well, if they’re always training in a suit that creeps and shifts easily, it would help them get used to it and help train them into ignoring it.”
“Normalizing the sensation of a suit riding up by training in one that has a tendency to ride up…” My aunt pondered the idea aloud. “That’s quite a clever idea, Charlie! You really should visit your aunt more often.”

“I’ve been thinking the same thing”, I replied with an excited grin.

— THE END —