Alexis At The Beach
by Snow Ghost (fletcher1706@aol.com)

Alexis walked along the beach, the sands hot beneath 
her bare feet, loving the feeling of the lake breeze 
over her skin. She was wearing the skimpiest swim suit 
her parents would allow, a top that just managed to 
cover half her large, firm breasts, a bottom that would 
have shown her cunt hair, if she hadn't shaved herself 
bare. But she really wished she could have been nude, 
just walking around the beach stark naked, the way 
nature intended humans to be. Just the thought of it, 
nude, in front of all these strangers, made her cunt 
tingle, and her nipples stiffen up.

Then a moment of reality set in. She thought about some 
of her recent misadventures, the soooooo gone wrong 
shop lifting, and humiliating punishment. But at least 
she had avoided the police. 

The "experiment" with bondage, and having to call her 
neighbor to unlock her handcuffs, and what happened 
when he found her. Not that she minded how THAT had 
worked out. A blush crept over her exposed skin at the 
memories. They all seemed like great plans when she 
thought them up, and she wasn't stupid, she got good 
grades in school, but sometimes, she could be such an 
empty headed bimbo! She had heard girls at school say 
boys "thought with their dick heads and not their big 
heads." Maybe she thought with her cunt and not her 
cranium!

As she walked, the hormone saturated teenager checked 
out the other beach goers. Male AND female. The male 
body excited her, flat, muscled stomachs, bulging 
biceps, and bulging tight swim suits. 

The females she compared herself too. She had a hot 
body and she knew it, she secretly enjoyed seeing girls 
older than her, with smaller tits or legs that were 
nowhere near as sexy. Or with a bit of a tire around 
the belly, while hers was flat. 

Alexis got more than her share of looks, and guilty 
glances from boys her age, full of hormones and dying 
to fuck, from older boys who admired her fantastic body 
but had girlfriends of their own and didn't want any 
fights with, from older men who lusted for the chance 
to be her first, (even if each one only believed he was 
her first) fuck, to share their experience and 
knowledge with her.

She was an exhibitionist and she admitted it. But so 
far, she hadn't had luck being seen the way she wanted 
to!

Damn! How she wanted to just rip off her swim suit and 
throw it away!

She walked over a large sand dune and stopped. Just 
ahead, a group of guys were in a circle in the sand, 
she could make out someone lying on the ground. They 
were shouting, shouting at each other, shouting in 
fear. 

One of them spotted her. "Help, please, he needs your 
help, he's been hurt!"

Without stopping to wonder what help they thought she 
could give that they couldn't, she ran forward towards 
them.

"What do you think did it, a shark? A boat propeller?"

"It doesn't matter; we have to get the bleeding 
stopped, somehow!"

Alexis paused when she heard that. "Bleeding"? She did 
not like the sight of blood; she had never seen anyone 
really badly hurt, not in real life, not close up. Her 
stomach started to churn, she didn't want to get any 
closer, afraid she'd faint if she saw the mess.

One of the guys rose up and looked around frantically. 
"We need something to make a tourniquet, so we can get 
the bleeding stopped! Something, rope or cord, or a 
belt." Then he noticed Alexis. 

"You, come here. Hurry."

Despite herself, and her reluctance, she moved closer, 
drawn by her human compassion.

"Take off your top."

AT first, with the intense drama around her, the 
confusion knocking her off balance, she didn't even 
realize what he was asking her. 

"Come on, hurry, we have to save him, it's the only 
thing we can use to make a tourniquet. You're the only 
one who can help him."

Alexis was spinning in confusion. "I can't take off my 
top here!"

The guy handed her a beach towel. "Cover yourself with 
this, then take off your top, please, hurry,"

She pushed the towel back at him. "Use the towel for 
him!"

"We can't, it's too big, we don't have anything to cut 
it with, we need something we can tie tight." He draped 
the towel around her shoulders, letting it hang down, 
covering even her ample young breasts.

Alexis looked down at herself, her mind still whirling. 
Yes, this would cover her, in fact, the towel covered 
far more than her swim suit did. She reached behind 
herself, pulled the strings that held her top together, 
and let it drop loose, then she reached higher and 
untied the strings behind her head. One quick pull and 
her top was off, yet her breasts remained covered by 
the towel. 

The guy took her top and quickly moved to the injured 
man. Alexis still would not get close enough to see, 
she was afraid she would faint.

She could see the motion of arms, the comments as they 
made the tourniquet. "I think we're doing it, I think 
we're stopping the bleeding."

"What about his leg injury, we have to do something 
about it. We need some kind of pad bandage. Something 
to cover and compress the wound."

The guy went back to Alexis. "Wrap the towel around 
you, like you're coming from the shower, we need your 
suit bottoms too. Quickly! We've got an ambulance 
coming, but we have to keep him alive till then.

She wanted to tell him to give her back her top, and 
use the towel, but she knew she couldn't, besides... it 
was covered with blood by now. That thought alone made 
her head start to spin.

AS quickly as she could, she moved the towel so she 
could wrap it around her body length wise, reached down 
between her legs and pulled the swim suit bottoms off 
her, then handed them to the rescuer. 

He spun and rushed back to the victim. Alexis frowned, 
it HAD to be her imagination! For a moment, it looked 
like the guy had held her swim suit bottoms up to his 
nose! No, it was just the confusion and drama of the 
moment.

One of the guys gathered around the victim looked up, 
looked up and down the beach. "Where the hell is that 
ambulance! Someone, call them again." 

Three boys from the group immediately moved back away, 
two with their cell phones out. Alexis hardly noticed 
them, she was concentrating on the poor victim still 
lying on the sand.

Things had gotten quiet. Then one said, "Ok, let's get 
him to his feet."

The teenager frowned. Should they do that?  Wouldn't 
that start the bleeding again? Something didn't seem 
right here. 

Just then, she saw them lift the injured victim to his 
feet. Alexis looked again. He seemed to be ok to her, 
shouldn't he be in shock or something? She was so busy 
trying to figure out what was going on, she never 
noticed that one of the gang that had moved back to 
"call the ambulance again" was standing right behind 
her.

The one who had given her the towel (and taken her swim 
suit) was organizing the rest of the rescuers. "Ok, 
ready, set, GOOOOO"

Alexis felt the boy behind her grab the towel and yank 
it off her, leaving her stark naked on the public 
beach. The two who were supposed to be "calling the 
ambulance" had their video camera phones on her, 
capturing her nude body on cam.

Before she could react or do anything, they all took 
off running, with her swim suit AND the towel. Leaving 
the hot bodied naked teenager standing there, for all 
the world to see. Or at least, all the beach goers, and 
probably within a day or too, 9/10 of the internet 
users as well.

Suddenly recovering some of her wits, she made a fast 
run into the water. At least here, she could keep her 
body hidden from the neck down, until she got back to 
her parents. 

She began wading/swimming back to where they were. 
Damn, this felt so goooooddddd, being naked in the 
water, so much nicer than having the damn swim suit 
clinging to her, dragging on her. She loved 
"skinnydipping!" 

She felt like a dolphin, gliding through the water. Why 
did society have to be so uptight? How could they not 
realize and accept how free and natural it felt to be 
nude?

She realized she was getting a real thrill out of this. 
Here she was, completely naked around hundreds of 
people, while they were wearing clothes. Not much 
clothes, but more than she was! She suddenly realized 
she was in no hurry to get back to her parents. She was 
having too much fun, coming out of the water just far 
enough to make people wonder if she was topless?

Or turning around taking a hop in the water and diving 
into a wave, giving the world just a quick glimpse of 
her pale, bare ass.

She knew it was getting a bit late, her parents might 
start to look for her, so she headed back to where they 
were. Seriously swimming, it only took her 5 minutes to 
get back and locate them.

They were waving to her, she could hear them yelling. 
"We were looking for you. You shouldn't wander so far 
away. Come on out of the water, it's time to go home."

Alexis took two steps towards the beach and stopped. 
Out of the water? Her parents were going to have to see 
her nude, or at least, find out what happened, even if 
she yelled at them to bring her a towel. And if she did 
that, every person within hearing range would know she 
was nude too. 

Alexis took a long look around her. She wondered how 
long it would take to swim to Canada?

END
