Nude Beach and a Nude... Mall?
By ohmss

Chapter 5

A fifth installment of public lewdness!

Fiona and I left the workout place on the mall's first level. We had had a wacky day so far and our workout session was the icing on the cake, seeing how it ended in what was basically a bukkake on the overbearing instructor. Since our workout clothes were borrowed, Fiona and I had to return them in the locker room of the workout center before leaving, leaving us in our previous attire.

Fiona had chosen to return to her blue under-bust corset. It was plain with very little detail but it hugged her waist very nicely. It ended just under her breasts and let her lovely cleavage be free and open. Down below it stopped just above her pubic are. She had a cute little innie pussy with soft and smooth lips. Her bare breasts and supple ass cheeks jiggled happily as we walked through the clothing-optional mall.

Because of circumstances when we first arrived at the mall, I only had my sandals and t-shirt. My shirt ended right at my waistline so my bare bottom-half was out and about. My slightly-larger-than-average cock and balls were swinging along as Fiona and walked through the mall. I had also shaved my pubic hair recently so everything was fairly smooth.

We began to get closer to one of the malls restrooms. Unlike the one I had visited earlier, this unisex bathroom had quite the line. Fiona and I couldn't see the reasons why, but there was a line of about ten to fifteen people waiting for a chance to use the facilities.

One of women in line was a rather conservatively dressed woman in her thirties. She was fully clothed unlike many of the mall-goers. As a Latina, her skin was a light brown and her hair was short and jet black. She wore a simple red shirt, but she was very pregnant and even though it was a maternity shirt, it still struggled to completely cover her swollen belly. She also wore a short jean skirt that was curiously very tattered.

As we got closer we could overhear her cell phone conversation as she looked around and did the 'potty' dance. She was on the line with a friend or family member and was quickly growing impatient.

"Yeah, it's crazy long!" she said, "I don't know what the holdup is but it's taking forever. My little guy is sitting right on top of my bladder."

Fiona leaned over and said, "You know, all this talk of needing the restroom is making me feel like I need to go soon. We might as well get in line." I nodded and we stood directly behind the pregnant woman.

She continued her frantic but hushed conversation. "Yeah I'm inside that weirdo mall. What? No, I didn't choose it; it was just the closest thing with a bathroom." She rolled her eyes, "Yes, you pervert, there's tons of naked people here. No! I'm not naked. I just needed to use the bathroom."

The pregnant Latina snuck a nervous look around the mall. She glanced back at Fiona and I before turning her head forward again and continuing her conversation. Her next words were whispered but Fiona and I could still hear her clear as day.

"Oh my gosh," she whispered, "There's a guy behind me with no pants on! Yes, his whole-ass cock and balls is just hanging out! No, I'm not gonna ask him out, he's here with his girlfriend or something, I don't know. She's one of those crazy mall girls. Yeah, she's got all her goodies out too! What? Oh for crying out loud! Hang on I'll ask, ya pervert."

The Latina woman turned around and smiled. "Hey," she said to Fiona, "I'm sorry to bother you, but can I ask a quick favor?"

"Uh, I guess?" Fiona answered hesitantly.

"Do you mind if I take a quick picture of you to send to my friend?"

"Uh, no, I don't mind." Fiona replied. I chuckled. Fiona was getting quite the fan base.

"Great. Thanks so much." The Latina pulled up her smartphone and took a picture of Fiona standing there in public wearing only her under-bust corset. I myself may have also been slightly in the photo that she took but I wasn't sure. Satisfied with the pic she'd taken, she quickly texted it to the person she was talking to and went back to talking on the phone.

"Did you get it?" she asked, "Good. I hope you enjoy it. Dammit! I need that toilet so bad! I'm gonna have to prep now, I just know it. I'm not gonna have time to undo buttons and stuff once I get in there. Yeah, yeah, laugh it up. You know I'm not happy about it. Give me a second I gotta set my phone down."

With some hesitation, the Latina woman looked around and then let out a frustrated sigh. She undid the tattered jean skirt she was wearing and let it drop down. Then she slid off her pink underwear and put both items in her purse. She was now bottomless like many other mall patrons. She had a very wide ass and cute, dark pussy. She put the phone back up to her ear and continued her conversation while looking ahead of the line to see if it was moving any faster.

"Ugh, it's barely moving." She said, frustrated. She also had one hand covering her bare pussy, either in an attempt to maintain some level of decency or in an effort to try and slow the impending flow of urine that would soon arrive. She looked around and saw that across the way there was a guy on bench rubbing his crotch. I had seen him when we stood in line and I assumed he was being aroused by Fiona, but upon closer inspection it appeared that the pregnant Latina woman was the one he had his eye on. The guy eventually couldn't stand it anymore and pulled out his erect penis and began stroking it at the sight of the bottomless gal.

"Oh god," the Latina woman gasped, "I took my skirt off and some guy in the mall is jerking off to me! Well yeah, I know it's allowed here, but still! I mean, yeah, I guess I'm glad that guys still find me attractive even though I'm super pregnant. No! I'm not going to 'give him a show', ya pervert. I gotta pee!"

The line for that bathroom still wasn't moving. The pregnant Latina was getting desperate. "I can't fucking hold it anymore! I don't know what to do!" I could see her get into full-on panic mode as she searched for an alternative that was within sight. Realization crept over her face as she knew she'd never make it to another restroom in time.

Then she spotted the fountain. Its gleaming water called to her. She rushed past me and Fiona to reach the fountain that was next to her 'admirer' who was still pleasuring himself at the sight of a panicked bottomless pregnant woman. The Latina turned around crouched her bare behind over the edge of the fountain and let out a huge stream of piss. She gasped in delight as she relieved herself. She held her pose for a little while as the last drops of piss came out of her wet pussy. She looked over at the guy who had been masturbating to her and he was cumming all over his lap. He had a wide grin on his face as semen spurted out. One of the mall janitors dutifully made her way over to the man and began mopping up semen that had splashed onto the floor. She also went over to the fountain and turned it off so it could be drained and cleaned. She shot the Latina a disappointed look but the pregnant woman couldn't care less as she was finally unburdened from a full bladder.

The mall janitor bent over to begin cleaning the floor. As I discovered earlier, their uniforms reflected the fun environment the mall/beach was trying to promote. Their shirts were a pretty typical grey and blue janitorial color scheme with the mall's logo on the sleeves, but each janitor's shirt was cut off at just below the arm pits to allow their breasts to hang out beneath the fabric. Basically it was a crop-top that was cropped super short. Below the shirts, they wore wrap-around tool belts with various supplies attached along the sides. For bottoms, well, they didn't really have any. Each janitor had a generic cloth attached at the front of their belt to use for general cleaning. When not in use, the rag draped down in front of their belt and covered up their privates. Whenever the janitors used their rag for something you could easily see a variety of pussies. Some shaven, some with a full bush, and some in the stages in between. Then of course from the rear you could see their wide and ample buttocks. The uniforms were finished off with black non-slip work boots and every janitor had their hair in a bun.

The janitor herself was short and plump black woman with a name tag that said "Alicia". While technically a bit overweight, she was not unattractive by any means. Her breasts were not very large and had smaller nipples, but she had a very ample and wide behind. Her ass cheeks were almost thunderous. She was bent over putting up the 'wet floor' signs, showing her bare bottom to anyone who bothered to look.

Another male mall patron who had also been eyeing the pregnant Latina taking a piss in the fountain approached Alicia the janitor. He pulled a hundred dollar bill from his pock and handed it to her. Alicia just nodded without smiling and bent over again to begin mopping. The guy excitedly stood behind her and dropped his pants. He slowly pushed his erection into her black pussy and slowly thrusted into her as she mopped the floor.

The Latina who had pissed in the fountain was being approached by the two security guards who had busted Fiona and I earlier. They each had a hand on one of her arms to ensure she didn't go anywhere. The male guard, Floyd, had confiscated her purse and so the Latina gal was still completely bottomless in front of the whole mall while Lucinda, female guard just shook her head at the thought of doing more paperwork.

"Wow," Fiona, "Not something so see every day, huh?"

"Ha ha, no it's not." I replied, "Just glad to know you and I aren't the only ones living that criminal lifestyle."

"Yeah, for real." Fiona answered, "We're a real 'Bonnie and Clyde' aren't we?"

"Yeah we are."

"Well, speaking of 'wee' it looks like the bathroom is clear. I'll head on in if you want to wait for me. Thanks for keeping me company in line." I looked at noticed whatever the holdup was in the bathroom had indeed cleared and I nodded to Fiona as her and several others went inside. I decided to wait for Fiona over by the water fountain area.

Across the way from the fountain was a store that sold scented things; candles, perfumes, wallflowers, and so on. All of the products they sold seemed to be in keeping with the rest of the mall as far as being nudity/sex-inspired.

I sat down on a bench by the store and two of the store's employees walked out, one male and one female. They sat on a bench across from me. It was then that I recognized the female one. It was an old friend of mine from college, Rebecca. I hadn't seen here in a few years but she seemed to be doing well. She was a very pale-skinned redhead with freckles. Both she and her male coworker wore their employer's designated work attire; a blue apron (that was surprisingly modest as it was a full apron from top to bottom) and matching skirt (for female employees) and shorts (for the make employees). There was no shirt on either of them but for Rebecca, the apron covered up her breasts so they were not immediately visible. As they sat down, however, I could see that Rebecca had no underwear under her skirt and was letting her fire bush breathe.

I gave Rebecca a half wave and a smile and she smiled back, "Hey James!"

"Hey yourself, Becca," I replied, "It's been awhile."

"Yeah it has!" Becca said. She quickly noticed I wasn't wearing any pants and left the bench she was on to sit next to me. Becca unashamedly eyed my bare package and looked as though she was resisting the urge to grab it.

"How's things going at work?" I asked.

"Ugh," she answered with a frown, "I know I should be happy cause we're on our break, but honestly I'm getting sore."

"Sore?" I asked quizzically.

"Yeah. We've been selling this new line of candles and scents and they've got some kind of sex pheromone in them. They're like for helping people set the mood for sexy times, right? All fine and dandy, of course, but everybody who works here has to smell this stuff all damn day."

"And you don't like the smell?" I inquired.

"No, it's great. A little too great if you catch my meaning. Smelling that scent pretty much makes us all aroused the whole eight-hour shift. Manager doesn't want us fucking each other in the back room so we pretty much have to masturbate on our breaks to keep from going insane. So every hour we pretty much need a release."

"Ah I see," I replied, "Sorry."

"All good, bro," the male employee replied. I noticed his nametag said Dave. "Just sucks cause I've had to beat it like four times already and my meat's sore, man." Dave lifted his apron and pulled his pants down to gain access to his throbbing erection. He wasn't kidding; his shaft was very red and sore-looking.

"Oooh, ouch," Rebecca said, looking at Dave's poor penis, "My pussy is raw too."

"Well," I declared, "Far be it from me to tell you guys what to do, but if your parts are sore from beating it, why not just go to town on each other? I mean you're not in the store and you're both ready to go. Gotta be better than rubbing yourselves raw, right?"

Becca looked at Dave and Dave looked back. Dave shrugged his shoulders and said, "I'm down if you are, Rebecca."

"Oh, god, I don't know." Becca said, "I try not to have sex with people I work with, ya know?"

"Yeah, no worries, man." Dave said, looking a bit disappointed, "I got lotion on me, no worries."

"Come on," I whispered to Becca, "Help the guy out."

"Okay," Becca whispered back, "But under one condition; we have to do that thing we did in college that one time with Robert."

"Ahh, okay," I said, "Let's get to it."

"Hey Dave?" Becca said, no longer whispering.

"Yeah, Rebecca?" Dave answered.

"Let me take care of you after all," Becca said in a sultry voice, "Just lean back and let me work your dick." Dave did as he was told and sat back with erect penis pointing up in his lap. Becca went over to him and turned around. She bent over slightly to show Dave her bare behind under the skirt and then backed herself onto his dick.

"Ahh man, that feels nice," Dave said as Becca continued to move her ass up and down, letting his cock thrust into her.

"Come here, James," Becca moaned. I got up and approached her as she pulled the front of her apron down to let her big freckled tits out. I started to get hard again. Becca then bent over while still riding Dave and gently put her hand around my shaft. She brought the tip up to her mouth and began sucking.

So there we were in the middle of the mall. Becca with her breasts freely out while riding Dave's cock on the bench and all the while performing fellatio on me. A few mall patrons stopped and looked and some took a few pictures, but otherwise we were left to our own devices.

We kept having our threesome and I noticed that the pregnant Latina woman starting acting a bit strange. She kept smelling the air. She was right next to the scent store and was probably picking up the scent that Dave and Becca had been telling me about. She started moaning and began rubbing her bare bottomless pussy. After a minute or so she was gushing with wetness, her legs and crotch were slick with her juices.

Floyd and Lucinda, the mall security guards noticed her. Lucinda just shook her head, but Floyd was getting a bit turned on by the pregnant lady's behavior. He started rubbing the front of the speedo he was wearing as the Latina starting to finger herself.

"Alright, Miss Florez," Lucinda said, "I don't really feel like doin' any more paperwork today so I'm gonna let you go for pissin' in the fountain so long as you take care of Floyd so he can focus on his job duties. Boy's got a one track mind and he ain't no use when he's distracted." Lucinda then handed Miss Florez her purse.

Instead of getting dressed again though, Miss Florez turned to Floyd and said, "Listen, mister, I don't know what's going on with me. I'm not this type of girl but I fucking need a cock inside me right now."

"Uh, sure missy!" Floyd said excitedly, stumbling over his words, "I would love to oblige!"

"Oh thank god!" Florez sighed, "I don't know what's in the air but my pussy is aching right now!" the pregnant Latina groped Floyd's speedo and then aggressively pulled it down. Floyd's boner popped out and Florez took a good look at it. It was unfortunately very small. I don't know if Floyd was a steroid abuser based on the size of his muscles, but his manhood was seriously lacking. Honestly it was probably smaller than that guy from the gym class Fiona and I were just in. It was maybe a couple of inches at best.

"Eh," Florez said, disappointed, and then she shrugged her shoulders and said, "Whatever I can get. I just need cock, no matter how small it is. You're lucky I'm fucking horny out of my mind right now, mister, cause I wouldn't even touch that tiny thing otherwise."

"Oh, uh, sorry." Floyd said, his face turning red, "You wanna suck it?"

"No time. I need it in me now. And make sure you cum IN me! I can't get double pregnant." Florez just bent over without further explanation and backed her soaked pussy onto Floyd's tiny cock. Floyd barely had to do anything as the pregnant Latina just thrusted herself onto him over and over again in a lustful spasm. The girl wanted cock and wasn't letting anything get in her way. It didn't take long for tiny-dicked security guard to lose his load. After her a short grunt he blasted cum inside of her tight wet pussy. Florez stood up and instantly sperm could be seen oozing out of her orifice and down her leg.

"Gee thanks!" Floyd said, putting his member back in his speedo, but the pregnant Latina ignored him and marched straight to a sports bar nearby. As Becca continued to suck my cock while riding Dave, I got distracted a bit and quizzically watched Florez enter the establishment. The horny pregnant woman got up on the karaoke stage and grabbed the empty mic and made an announcement to the bar patrons.

"Okay, listen up folks" she said through ragged breaths, "I'm not this type of girl but something's going on with me and if I don't get some hard cocks nutting inside me I might go crazy and hurt someone."

The bar patrons stopped watching the game and talking amongst themselves and gave her many curious looks, unsure of what she was asking.

"Look, I'm already pregnant and I'm hornier than I've ever been in my whole life. Anyone who wants to just come over her and fuck my brains out go ahead. Please. I'm begging you guys. Fucking pound my pussy!" A lot of the male patrons looked at each other and nodded in approval. I could hear sounds of guys' approvals emanate from the bar.

The first brave soul approached the karaoke stage. He was a tall African American man and was fully clothed (a rarity for this mall definitely). He towered over her and smiled as she approached and pulled his shorts down. A massive cock flopped out and the pregnant Latina hopped up on a bar table and laid back with her legs spread. Semen was still dripping out of her pussy, but it didn't faze the guy. He stroked himself a bit to get harder and then slide his erection into the Latina's moist brown vagina. She squealed with delight as he pumped her in front of the whole bar.

Once her first taker was underway, several other guys basically formed a line in preparation for their turn to fuck the horny pregnant Latina. A variety of dudes stood up, most of them either pulling their cocks out or just taking their pants off all together.

The rest of the bar patrons began cheering her on as she laid back and took one cock after another. Soon, her vagina was oozing semen everywhere, but there was no end in sight of willing cocks ready to bust a load inside her pregnant pussy. At some point she switched positions and bent over the table so she could be penetrated from the rear. The amount of cum everywhere was insane.

It was pretty hot I won't lie and seeing that Latina take all that dick with ravenous hunger was enough to take me all the way. I busted a nut right in Becca's mouth. She wiped the excess from her lips as she continued to ride Dave's cock.

"Thanks, Becca!" I said as my cock began to soften."

"No problem, stud!" Becca wheezed as she kept fucking.

What a place. What a weird, wacky, wonderful place.
