Nude Beach and a Nude... Mall?
By ohmss

Chapter 4

Continuing public lewdness.

I looked up at the clock in the mall food court and saw that Fiona's 'punishment' would soon be over. We both had to pay for our tacos by working shifts at some of the stores in the mall per the demand of the mall's overly-zealous security personnel. I made my way to the coffee shop where all the employees wore green aprons. That was where Fiona had chosen to work off her penance.

As I approached the seating area of the coffee shop I saw Fiona from behind. She had taken off her extreme bikini she had on earlier and was now wearing the required uniform of a green apron. While wearing other articles of clothing were permitted by the coffee shop's management, Fiona only had her bikini with her when she arrived for her shift, and so had no option but to be nude with only the green apron to cover her. He only other articles of clothing were the non-slip shoes and matching green visor with hairnet.

I got closer to Fiona and noticed she was fulfilling her duties as barista. She was knelt down in front of two coffee shop patrons. One was a young Hispanic man in his early twenties and the other was a tall black man I guessed to be in his early forties. They were both seated next to each other on one of the benches. The Hispanic man scrolled through his phone and the black man paged through a magazine. Both men were fully clothed, but the Hispanic one had his pants down around his ankles and the black man had his fly open with his enormous cock jutting out. Both coffee shop patrons had fully erect members and Fiona had one in each hand. She stroked both dicks simultaneously as the two guys went through their phone and read their magazine.

Since Fiona was knelt down and was wearing only the apron, her bare backside was on full display under the clear and bright lighting of the mall's food court. I looked down at her bare ass sticking out. The position she was in meant her cheeks were spread slightly and her asshole could be see along with her bare pussy. As I got closer I could her vagina lips leaking a bit of semen onto the food court floor. I smiled as it looked like the 'deposit' I made was seeping out a bit. Fiona saw me out of the corner of her eye and smiled.

"Hey you!" she said as she continued to stroke the cocks, "I'll be done soon. At least I hope it's soon. The manager said I can leave when these guys are 'done', if you catch my meaning."

"Ha ha, no problem," I replied, "I'll just take a seat." I found a nearby chair and sat down. I still only had my shoes and t-shirt on so I just relaxed and leaned my bare ass into a chair as I man-spread my legs, allowing my dick to flop down.

The Hispanic man that Fiona was 'helping' put his phone down and leaned his head back, closing his eyes. He grunted slightly and then semen squirted from the head of his cock. It wasn't very much. He had likely been 'serviced' a couple times already today and was probably running a little low on fluids. Fiona mopped up his sperm with a rag and he pulled his pants back up and left a tip on the table and left.

The black man wasn't far behind, but he gave no indication to Fiona or anyone for that matter that he was about to climax. His massive cock shuddered and let out a gigantic, thick rope of cum. The blast went all over Fiona's apron. Some of it even went about the apron and landed on top of her cleavage. The man apologized for the mess but Fiona politely smiled and told him not to worry. He got up, put his cock away, and left her a whole 100 dollar bill as a tip!

"Well, shit," Fiona remarked, cleaning off the top her boobs, "I might just find a different career, James. Four years of engineering school just ain't cutting it!" I chuckled at her remark as she began to undo the back of the apron. Fiona found the coffee shop manager and returned her apron to exchange it for her bikini. She also retrieved a small top she had that was folded up and placed in her purse. She went in the back to change out of the apron and into whatever she had. As I waited for her I observed more mall patrons at this wacky adults-only mall.

A family came by and had chosen to take a break from their shopping for a bite to eat. The mom and dad walked hand in hand behind their adult son and daughter, who I could only deduce were twins based on their identical height among other features.

The dad was in his early fifties and was of an average build. He had what one would describe as the quintessential 'dad-bod'. He wore a button up Hawaiian shirt with khaki shorts.

The mom was short, probably about five foot four inches. I estimated her to be about 200 pounds. Though she was overweight she was not unattractive and she had a very pleasant and inviting face. She wore a floral tank top that was slightly too small and allowed her sagging cleavage to hang out as well as her belly. Her bottoms were what looked like just a towel wrapped around, no doubt in preparation for a trip to the beach outside.

The daughter was behaving like a typical teenager would; looking bored as hell and completely disinterested in anything going on that wasn't on her smart phone. Her eyes were completely glued to whatever was on the screen and she barely acknowledged anyone around her.

Her attire was actually pretty modest in comparison to the rest of the mall patrons. She wore Capri-style jeans and flip-flops and around her forearms were those knitted arm-warmer-things (never could remember what those were called). And that was pretty much it. She didn't wear any covering up top and she sported a pair of tiny but firm-looking tits. She was very fair-skinned and her tiny nipples were pink and puffy.

Her brother was fully-clothed and had on board shorts and a t-shirt. Unlike his sister he was grinning ear to ear at the wonderful 'sights' that the clothing-optional mall had to offer. As the family got closer to where I was seated I could see that he had a hard-on and was unabashedly stroking it as they walked around. Eventually, he got tired of putting his hand in his pants and resorted to simply pulling down the elastic waist band to expose his shaft in order to more effectively grip his cock.

The daughter rolled her eyes. "Mom. Dad. Trevor is whipping his little cock out again."

"Whatever, squirt," the brother remarked, "No rules against it here. Too bad no guy will get hard for your tiny-ass titties."

"Now, now, kids," The dad said as the daughter huffed in annoyance at her sibling, "You two could stand to be nice to each other for at least part of a day."

"Yeah, but Dad," the daughter protested, "He's already jizzed all over the mall when we got here. Like three times already."

"You must like it or else you wouldn't be keeping track, loser." The brother interjected.

"Enough, kids," the mom finally said, "You all know the rules of the mall. Stacy, your brother is allowed to jerk off wherever he pleases while were in the area; that's not a surprise. As for you, Trevor, I don't want to hear you body-shaming your sister ever again. Everyone's body is different and beautiful in its own way. You two are grown adults and your father and I expect you to act like it." The dad simply nodded in agreement.

The family seated at a burger place and a cheery young Indian girl took their order. The son laid back in the booth and continued to stroke himself at the sight of all the beauty everywhere. He took a keen interest in their Indian waitress as she wore a short skirt and a halter top that had been pulled down and tucked below her hefty jugs with large dark brown nipples. The daughter continued to scroll through her phone ignoring everyone.

The mom and dad began kissing and before I knew it, the mom was undoing her husband's pants and stroking his member. She pulled her halter top down to allow her sagging breasts to be free and her husband began squeezing them.

The wife then pulled the towel around her waist off to reveal that the towel was all she had been wearing on her bottom half. Despite being a very hefty woman, she appeared confident in her own skin. I admired the fact that she wasn't concerned with having the perfect body and her husband clearly loved her, rolls and all. She got on all fours in the booth, keeping on her shirt, but leaving it pulled down so her massive breasts hung down. The husband pulled his pants down and inserted his cock into his wife's wide ass. She moaned with pleasure as her spouse worked her moist asshole with his penis.

The topless Indian waitress brought out everyone's food as the dad continued to anally penetrate his wife in the seating booth. The daughter stayed glued to her phone and her brother continued to stroke his hard dick. The Indian girl smiled at the brother masturbating and asked the table if there was anything else they needed. The dad said 'no thank you' as he continued to rail his wife and his wife only managed a faint 'no thanks' between breaths. The daughter ignored the waitress.

The brother, however, said "I wouldn't mind a little help with this." He motioned to his hard cock that he was continuing to grip. The Indian girl smiled at him and nodded. She sat down in the booth next to him and wrapped her fingers around his shaft and stroked it. In a matter of moments she also allowed the brother to squeeze her bare tits a little, but denied him being able to suck on them. After a few more minutes she stood up.

"Hey come on!" the brother protested, "I'm not there yet!"

The Indian waitress giggled, "I know, silly, but I got other tables to wait on. I'll come back when I'm free." With that she left Trevor to pleasure his cock on his own.

Stacy elbowed her brother, "Haha, you got denied, loser." Trevor ignored her and continued masturbating while their parents continued to fuck in the booth across from them.

Finally I saw Fiona emerge from behind the counter of the coffee shop and she headed my way with a sigh of relief that her shift was finally over. She hadn't bothered to put her extreme micro-bikini back on (as I'm sure it was probably no easy task taking it on and off). Instead she had resorted to the backup clothing that she had kept tucked in her purse.

Her back-up clothes were really just a single item; a fun blue under-bust corset. It was plain with very little detail but it hugged her waist very nicely. It was an under-bust style so it ended just under her breasts. Down below it stopped just above her pubic area where her bush used to be. She had probably needed to shave it off in order to work in food service like the young girl I witnessed earlier. Fiona had done a good job too; not a single sign of hair or razor burn. She had a cute little innie pussy with soft and smooth lips. Her bare breasts and supple ass cheeks jiggled happily as she briskly walked towards me.

"Hey," she said, "You ready?"

"Yeah," I replied, "What for though?"

"Well I saw that workout place on the first floor and I thought we should try it out. I hear the instructor is pretty intense."

"I'm down but I didn't bring any workout clothes, obviously. And neither did you, ha ha."

"Don't worry about it. I think we're probably fine. Nude mall, remember? I think you're just coming up with excuses to avoid working out."

"Alright if you say so. Let's go."

Fiona and I made our way to the workout studio on the first floor. We could see through the windows that the instructor was coaching a pretty full class. Surprisingly, we noticed that unlike the rest of the mall patrons and employees, everyone here was fully clothed in workout apparel. Normally that wouldn't be strange but this mall was certainly anything but normal. Fiona and I felt a little bit strange walking through the entrance dressed how we were but we also figured there was no need to be embarrassed at this point.

Just as we entered the workout studio the last class had finished their session. They picked up their water bottles and such and vacated. A new group started to get ready as a new instructor came out. She was very tall, probably about six feet at least and sported a short haircut. Her ethnicity was mixed; half black and half white I guessed. She wore long black workout leggings and a matching sports bra with the workout studio's logo on it.

"Hi!" Fiona said cheerfully to the new instructor, "We're here for the next class."

"Let me stop you right there," the instructor interjected firmly, "You two ain't dressed for my class."

"Oh but I thought that the mall's rules allowed..." Fiona began to say.

"Yeah, those are the rules and I respect 'em, hon." The instructor cut her off, "Nudity is allowed in here, yes, but it's at MY discretion, understand? I love a good naked body as much as the next chick but I don't want to see any dicks or tits out unless it's MY call, got it?"

"Uh, yeah, okay." Fiona said, a bit taken aback by the instructor's attitude.

"Now listen," the instructor continued, "I'm not a total asshole or anything. Go in the locker room and find yourselves some workout clothes. I provide them free of charge."

"Alright, thanks!" Fiona replied. With that we both made out way to the locker room. Sure enough there was plenty of cleaned and folded workout apparel in a variety of sizes. I selected a simply blue tank top with biker shorts and Fiona picked out a cute matching pink ensemble; long legged yoga pants and sports bra.

"Hey we actually look like we know what we're doing!" I remarked, "Maybe we should make our workout videos and retire rich."

"I wouldn't mind that," Fiona replied, "But I think I'd rather make a different kind of video for profit. You see how much some women are making on that new app? Yeesh, I'm in the wrong business."

We made our way back out to the main workout area. Other patrons were picking their places on the mats and we stood with them. The instructor came up to the front of the class and selected some workout music.

"Listen up, ladies," she announced, "My name is Cait and I'm here to get down to business. Let's start with some basic stretches." The rest of the class imitated Cait's movements. Fiona and I followed along too as we all got our blood flowing. I looked around a noticed we had a pretty diverse group of folks and a pretty even split between guys and girls.

"Alright, get it together people." Cait said, "I want to see some pushups. Let's go!" The class got down and began performing the pushups. It had been a while since I'd done them myself but I work out pretty regularly so it wasn't too much of a struggle. A few of others had a bit of trouble with them. Cait made her way around the room to offer her own brand of 'encouragement'.

"Okay people on your backs. Put your legs out and pretend you're pedaling a bike." A few people let out some quiet protests. I admit it was certainly not my favorite thing either but it really toned your legs and stomach. One of the guys who was a little overweight was really struggling. He pedaled for a bit and then let his legs down.

"Hey!" Cait said, walking over to him, "I didn't say to rest, did I?"

"Well, no..." the guy said.

"You need a break? You'll get one. You're on my list now." The rest of the class looked at each other wondering what that meant. Cait seemed to be a power trip.

"Aww man," the guy sighed, wondering what he was in for.

"Is that back-talk I hear?" Cait said, "Ok, Jake, take your shorts off. Now."

"What?" Jake said.

"You heard me. Your shorts; take 'em off."

"But..."

"But what? This is a nude mall, so what's the problem? You signed up for my class so you gotta follow the rules or leave. If you leave now though, Jake, you'll never get back in shape like you wanted. You give up now when it's just the beginning then you'll never amount to anything."

Jake sighed. "I know. I'll do it." He stood up where he was in the middle of the entire class (and the mall patrons passing by on the other side of the large windows) and exhaled and then pushed his gym shorts down along with his underwear. A couple of the female students quietly chuckled to themselves.

Jake hung his head down in shame as some of his fellow students glanced at his exposed genitals. He was, unfortunately, not very well endowed. His penis was very small, probably no bigger than a few inches. His large ball sack was heftier than his manhood. A few whispers of 'oh my God it's so tiny' wafted through the room. I felt bad for him being burdened with a less-than-stellar package.

"Okay, Jake, no get back down on the mat and start pedaling." Cait said, pretending to be unfazed by Jake's small cock. Jake obliged and sat down and resumed pedaling. The class continued this routine for a few more minutes until Cait instructed us to change it up.

"That's enough of that for now," she announced, "Back to pushups. Let's go!" The whole dutifully went back to pushups, though I now notice more people struggling to do them.

One girl to my left was going much slower than the group. She was a little overweight, but not by very much. Regardless she was clearly having a hard time. Cait, like a predator sensing weakness, marched over to her and glared.

"Judy," Cait said, "You're not keeping up."

"I know," Judy panted, "I'm sorry. I'm trying."

Cait stood behind Judy as she continued to try to do the pushups. "Okay class were going to do something different. Stretch out on your stomachs. Legs straight. And lift your back side in the air. Go!" The whole class did as instructed. Judy did it too.

As the group continued thrusted their behinds up in the air, Cait grabbed Judy's yoga pants and pulled them down, exposing her bare ass. It was nice set of cheeks even with the bit of excess fat that Judy had. I noticed Judy's bare bottom started to get cold under the breeze of the A/C and she soon got goose bumps on her bare skin.

"Keep going everyone. Asses in the air!" The class kept thrusting, only Judy and Jake having their bare behinds out in the open. A few minutes later Cait instructed us to do jumping jacks.

The class followed instructions and did the jumping jacks. Judy, whose pants had only been pulled down below her ass cheeks and not completely removed like Jakes, pulled her pants back up in order to more effectively perform the workout. Cait was having none of that.

"Judy! Did I tell you to pull your pants up?" Judy shook her head no. Cait approached her face to face. The class thought Judy was going to tell her to take her pants off, but instead Cait lifted up Judy's loose-fitting workout shirt over her breasts. Though slightly overweight, Judy had some nice large jogs hanging down under that shirt with pale, almost invisible nipples. She had a bit of a gut, but not too bad; it hung over her workout pants only slightly. Cait took off Judy's hair scrunchie and tied the back of her shirt so it would not fall back down and re-cover her breasts.

Judy's face turned a bit red as she performed the jumping jacks with the class. Her massive milkers and stomach flopped all over as she jumped. Jake's ball sack and tiny cock also shook all over as he jumped.

"Now we're getting into shape, people!" Cait announced. I looked back briefly to see into the main mall area and a couple patrons had stopped to watch the class through the large windows. Cait began walking up and down the rows of people performing jumping jacks, each person straightening their posture as she got near so as to avoid any backlash. Eventually Cait stopped in front of Jake.

"How you doin' Jake?" Cait asked with a stern look, "Looks like you're a little lacking down there."

"Yes ma'am," Jake muttered.

"Is that as big as that thing gets? Are you a grower, Jake?"

"Um, I don't..."

"Come up here, Jake. Up to front." Cait directed Jake to the small stage at the front of the class. She made the bottomless guy face the group. "Keep going. I want the whole class to see your tiny little cock." Jake continued his jumping jacks as more of the class got a look at his manhood and quietly snickered.

"Man, did she wake up on the wrong side of the bed or what?" I whispered to Fiona when Cait's back was turned to us.

"Seriously!" Fiona replied, "I heard she was an effective trainer, but I didn't know what her methods were. She's a little too bitchy for my taste."

Just then a couple of the female students starting laughing. Fiona and I looked towards the front of the class and saw that Jake's tiny cock was starting to get point straight out. He was getting a serious boner. In a matter of minutes he was at full mast, which was only three or four inches, but still. Cait heard the chuckling and noticed as well.

"Well, well, well," Cait said, crossing her arms, "Looks like Jake has a little humiliation fetish, don't ya, Jake?" Jake didn't reply but continued doing jumping jacks with his tiny hard-on. He got red in the face. Someone outside the window of workout place took out their phone and snapped a picture of the whole class.

"Well as disappointing as your package is, Jake, rules are rules." Cait pointed to a faded poster board near the front of the room that read 'all erections MUST be taken care of in front of the class'. Myself, Fiona, and the rest of the class puzzled at what exactly that meant.

"Okay, class," Cait said, "Who's going to volunteer to take care of Jake's little problem? Hmm?" No one said anything.

"Man, I kinda feel bad for him," Fiona whispered to me, "I mean, I'm not opposed to 'helping' him out. I mean it's kind of like charity work, right?"

"Probably, ha ha," I remarked, "But I'll pass on the opportunity myself."

Cait scanned the room and saw she was not going to get a volunteer. "Okay, class, looks like Jake is on his own. Get to it, Jake!"

"Wha...what?" Jake stuttered.

"Do I have to spell it out for you?" Cait fired back, "You're going 'solo'. Grab your little cock and stroke it. In three minutes I better see your cum on my floor." Jake's face turned redder. He froze.

"Oh come on, Jake," Cait said, continuing to disparage him, "We can all see you're hard as a rock. What, do you need more incentive to take you all the way? Take a look a Judy's fat ass." Cait motioned to Judy who had stopped doing jumping jack but still had her shirt up and her big tummy and tits exposed. Judy's face also turned red.

"Damn, girl!" a student behind me whispered, "You don't gotta be all rude and shit!"

"Not your type, Jake?" Cait teased, "I understand. Not many people have a thing for beached whales. Maybe you need to see a more toned body." Without further warning, Cait lifted her sports bra up and over her head and tossed it aside. She set free a pair of nice, but sweaty tits. Not very large, but with nice, small, pierced nipples. Cait squeezed them together as a few of the guys gave thumbs in approval.

Our topless instructor turned back to Jake, "I still don't see you stroking it, Jake. What's the matter? You more of an ass guy?" Jake just shrugged, not knowing what to say. After a few seconds of awkward silence, Cait huffed in frustration and peeled off her yoga pants, but left her tennis shoes on. As she bent down to take the pants off entirely she bent forward to expose her bare ass to the class and any mall patron passersby that happened to be outside the workout place. She had a small but toned down and lean ass; very muscular.

Cait stood near the front of the class, but not on the small stage. Almost everyone's eyes were on her. I looked down at her crotch and saw that she kept herself completely clean-shaven. She had a clit piercing and had a very pronounced 'outie' pussy. She bent down in front of Jake and spread her ass cheeks apart.

"Come on, Jake," she teased, "You like my asshole? You better cum for me, shortcock." Jake nodded and finally started stroking his dick. A few chuckles emanated from the room. He began to stroke faster as Cait started to twerk her bare bottom for him, making fun of his small manhood all the while. I looked around and saw at least one other female student start to get visibly aroused. She slipped a hand down her gym shorts.

"You gonna cum yet, Jake?" Cait said, "I hope it's a motherlode to make up for how little it is." Jake closed his eyes and sighed, then opened them and gripped his cock hard as his spunk shot out like a cannon. Thick ropes of cum erupted from his tiny dick all onto the floor. When he was done, there was quite the puddle. His manhood began to go limp as it leaked semen.

"Well finally!" Cait said, "It's about damn time." She tossed a towel at Jake to clean up his mess which he dutifully did. He walked off the stage and towards the locker room to finish cleaning himself. Cait, still completely nude aside from her tennis shoes, got up on the stage in front of the class.

"Okay, guys," she said, "Fun times are over. Now I can see you out there looking at my body. I can see the rest of the mall ogling me and every other woman around here. Even if a woman dresses like a Quaker there's still no shortage of guys out there who think it's their personal right to stare and fantasize."

Fiona leaned over and whispered, "Where the hell is she going with this? I thought we were going to work out, not listen to feminist propaganda."

"I see you guys out there, getting a hard-on like Jake when you look at me. Well I say if you're going get your pleasure from staring at me then I'm going to get what I want from YOU. I want to get off too, and I certainly AIN'T gonna get off to the sight of Jake's pathetic little dick."

Everyone in the class, man and woman alike, looked at each other quizzically. This workout class was already far and beyond what anyone had expected out of it.

"Okay, boys, get up here. Pronto!" Cait motioned for all of us guys to get up on the stage. In total there was seven of us and she had us stand shoulder to shoulder while facing the rest of the class, which was now only the women of the group.

"Good job." Cait said, almost sarcastically, "Now drop your pants. All of you. I want to see cocks out now." We all looked at each other and mostly just shrugged our shoulders. The guy on the end closest to Cait dropped his pants first. Out flopped a fairly average-looking uncut penis. It twitch a bit as Cait got close and gave it a little tap on the head.

The guy next to him dropped his pants next. Again, an average-looking cock was revealed. For no reason at all, Cait flicked his shaft and the guy grunted slightly in pain. On down the line, the other guys whipped out their dicks for Cait.

I was next and I pushed my shorts down. I looked out at Fiona and she gave me a thumbs up for encouragement. My cock flopped out and hung to the side slightly. I wouldn't consider myself 'big', just about seven inches when soft; more like eight when hard. Cait looked approvingly at my bare dick and gave it a tug. Her grip was a little too firm.

Finally the last guy in line pulled his pants down as well. A few of the ladies in the class gasped and sighed approvingly. The dude unleashed an absolutely massive dong. It looked nearly as big around as a soda can and was at least ten inches if not more. The guy smiled a bit, embarrassed to be on display but still glad to be eliciting the type of reaction he got.

"Very nice, all of you." Cait said, "Especially you, Mark. What a beast." Everyone in the workout place seemed to relax a little at the sound of Cait being even slightly approving. She seemed to be a little more positive finally.

"Gentlemen, put your cocks to use." Cait announced, "Last one to cum for me has to clean me off. Hop to it! Jerk those dicks!" Some of the guys pause for a minute before grabbing their manhood. One guy was clearly already a little excited by being exposed to a group of women and got hard really quickly. I was turned on, not going to lie, but it took me a while to start getting hard. After all, I had already come 3 times today!

Fiona smiled and could see that my poor dick was being a little over-worked today (and she didn't even know yet about my stint in the cell phone repair shop! I hadn't had a chance to tell her). She winked at me and lifted up her sports bra to release her ample chest. Even though I had seen her tits a lot, their perfect proportions just lit up my face. She squeezed her nipples until they hardened. More blood flowed to my shaft.

"Good job," Cait remarked at me, "Keep it up, gentlemen."

Cait made her way towards Mark who was still stroking his monster. Mark's seemed to be the kind that didn't get a hundred percent rock hard (lots of guys who have extreme dicks usually don't'). Cait looked amused and started helping Mark out by grabbing his shaft as well. It was long enough to comfortably fit both of their hands.

Cait then sat down on one of the exercise mats and spread her legs and she fingered her pussy. "Come one, boys," she moaned, "Jerk it for me. I want to see you cum." A few seconds after she said this, one of the guys spurted all over the floor. Some of the ladies in the group cheered for him. He smiled sheepishly and began cleaning up his mess.

"Oooh we got a minute man here I see," Cait teased as she furiously fingered herself. I looked away from Fiona for a minute to scan the room. I saw a lady behind Fiona who had chosen to wear white yoga pants and I could see her crotch region was thoroughly soaked. She looked like she was aching to get off. As if to read the woman's mind, Cait announced to the ladies; "If any of you ladies is feeling the urge you go for it. Use these guys for your own pleasure, girls. You deserve it."

The woman in the white yoga pants breathed a sigh of relief and put her hand down her pants and began to massage her mound. After a few seconds though she was unsatisfied with the restriction and pulled her pants completely off in full view of the whole class (and whoever happened to be walking by the window). She raised one leg up on a nearby bench in order to gain better access to her moist pussy and began to finger herself as well as a look of joy came across her face.

Another of the guys on stage clearly noticed her as well and her unabashed display of sexual desire caused him to cum next. He blasted semen onto the floor to the sounds of more cheering from the ladies.

"Nice job," Cait said, "Now the rest of you guys come closer. I want to be covered in your baby batter. Don't hold back. Spray it wherever you like, but get as much as you can on me." The five of us guys remaining got off the stage with our dicks still in our hands and surrounded Cait. We kept stroking in her direction and another of us finally came all over Cait's boobs. Cait moaned and kept on fingering her pussy.

Fiona came up behind me and put her hand out to help stroke my cock. I turned my head back and we exchanged a kiss. I could feel myself ready to explode for the fourth time today. Fiona could sense it.

"Blast that bitch right in her smug face," she whispered in my ear. I happily obliged and released my seed right in Cait's direction. My cum shot out almost directly onto her forehead, soaking some of her hair and sliding down to her eyes. Cait squinted, clearly not anticipating it (her own damn fault though for saying 'cum wherever you like').

"Ha ha, nice job, babe." Fiona said as my dick started to soften. The rest of the guys soon after released their loads as well, drowning Cait in sperm as she finally climaxed with a loud shriek. Cait got up and went on the stage.

"Finally some decent performances," she said, her nude body still dripping with cum, "Mark, you were sadly the last to cum to you have to clean me and floor off before the next class, but, uh, let me give you my number so we can put that monster to use again. As for the rest of you, good work today. Now get out of here and return any borrowed clothes."

"Wow, what a day," I said, feeling a little sore in my dick.

"No kidding," Fiona laughed, "We gotta go home and give your balls a rest. Have you even got anything left in there?"

"Ha ha, I don't know. For now, let's just see if we can make it back to the car without any more 'complications'.
