Vino and Vicky, Lunch
by yellowjacket66

On vacation in Spain, loose at lunch.

My wife Vicky is the love of my life. We've been married for eight years and while the frequency of sex has diminished, the intensity is often just as high as when we first met. The way she looks and the way she moves just arouses me. When she gets too much to drink, she can get very horny and we often do adventurous things that we wouldn't otherwise do. It makes life fun.

Perhaps the most interesting adventure took place when she visited me in Spain. I was there with the Navy and she flew over for a week. Her folks watched our two little kids. Vicky and I were like rabbits after being apart for a couple of months. We spent the first two days holed-up in a Madrid hotel, fucking ourselves to exhaustion and relishing each-other's company. We would eat meals in the hotel or nearby and maybe take a walk to see the sights, but eventually we ended-up back in the room, making love.

The third day of our trip found us in a little town up in the mountains. We had arrived the evening before and would spend the next night there as well. After sleeping late and having sex, we went outside to explore the town. Like most Spanish towns, there was a nice central square with shops and tapa bars all around. We bought a loaf of fresh bread, a block of cheese and a few slices of their wonderful cured ham and found a nice little café on a side street where we sat to eat while enjoying some of the local wine, 'vino' in Spanish. It was fall and the weather was pleasant, helped by the warm sun.

There were only a few people in the café and we chose a table off to the side. I was facing the street with a small decorative arbor covered by vines to my back. Vicky was facing me and the other tables in the restaurant. We ordered a bottle of wine and polished-it-off while eating our lunch. The customers came and went and soon we pretty-much had the place to ourselves. My wife and I were enchanted with each other and as we drank the wine, our conversation turned to some of the flirting things we did. We would talk about sex in public or with others and she would tease me with her body. She was wearing a short skirt and I could see her legs and catch a peek at her white panties whenever she crossed and uncrossed her legs. She did that a lot, deliberately teasing me with her soft, smooth thighs. She was wearing a thin white and no bra. She normally wore a bra, but didn't that day for my benefit. Her nice sized breasts would sway when she walked and jiggle when she talked. I could see her nipples poking through the thin material and there was a hint of the color of her areolas. Her shoulders were bare except for the two straps holding her shirt. I made the comment that I had in mind to just take her right there in the café.

"What would you do to me?" She asked.

"I'd slide down under the table and go between your legs and lick your thighs and your pussy."

She giggled and said, "People would see."

"I don't care if they see. My dick is hard just thinking about it."

Vicky knew I was getting aroused with what she was wearing. Her beautiful legs were on display and when she leaned forward, I could see the swell of her breasts and her poking nipples. Seeing her breasts heave with her breathing, a simple everyday thing, aroused me. We had a thing we did where I would ask her to "Show me your tits" and she would lift her top to show me beauties. I asked and she gave me a quick flash of her breasts. She had that short blue skirt with sandals on her feet and she looked hot. She was wearing panties and had been flashing them at me during lunch.

She shyly said, "That man in the table behind has been checking out my legs, trying to see my panties. He's been there for a while and he has a good view up my skirt. He saw my tits."

I couldn't see him with the arbor behind me, but I caught a glimpse of the Spanish gentleman in a reflection in the window of a passing car. He hadn't been there a few minutes earlier when I had gone to the head.

I said, "You don't seem to mind. Are you giving him a show?"

"Would you like me to?"

"You seem to like it." I said.

Vicky giggled and over the next fifteen minutes moved around a lot, leaning over to reach into her purse which provided a down-blouse view for me and her admirer. She moved her legs a lot and at one point, she had her legs open for a moment which let me and her admirer see up to her panties.

She had to go to the ladies' room and I asked her to remove her panties while she was away.

"If I take them off, he will see." She told me.

"I dare you." I said. Now, my wife and I like to dare each other to do things like her flashing her tits or showing her panties. She'd dare we to get my dick out sometimes when we were in a hidden, but public place.

I ordered another bottle of wine while Vicky was away. When she returned, she put her hand over my lap and dropped her panties. I slid the soft cotton treasure into my pocket and looked into my wife's teasing eyes while the waiter delivered the wine and some tapas.

Vicky was shifting in her seat and crossed her legs which caused her skirt to ride-up higher which bared her legs to mid-thigh. My focus was on her legs when I wasn't looking into her sexy eyes. She dangled her sandal on one foot, drawing my attention.

She said, "You know, that guy in the table behind us can see up my skirt so he can everything you see."

I didn't care, thinking only of myself, "Let him look. Give him a thrill."

She asked, "You don't care that some stranger is looking up my dress?"

I said, "He's a stranger, so what."

She replied, "My mother told me to not let guys see up my skirt."

"Why not?"

"She said they just want to see girls' panties."

I said, "Well, that's not a problem since you aren't wearing any."

"So, you wouldn't care if that guy saw my coochie."

"Let him look. He'll be jealous of what I have."

"I'll bet he's seen a pussy before."

I said, "Yes, but he's never seen yours."

"So, do you want to see it and let that guy see it too?"

I nodded and Vicky shifted her legs, crossing them with her ankle over her knee so there was a good view up the triangle made by her legs and see the hint of her pussy at the apex. She smiled and touched her leg above the knee, moving her skirt a little higher. The light was good, with the sunlight lighting on her lower body. An umbrella over the table kept her head out of the sun. I could see the dark hair on her pussy. She smiled at me in a devilish manner while I focused on the view up her skirt.

I asked, "Is the gentleman behind us looking?"

She said, "He's not a gentleman, looking up a lady's skirt to see her pussy."

"Can he see it?" I asked. Vicky shifted in her seat to move her butt forward in the chair, further revealing her open thighs.

She said, "Well if he can't he's blind."

Then I said, "Touch yourself."

She looked at me like I was crazy, but with the wine in her system she gave me that devilish smile. She took a gulp of wine and slid her butt forward even more. She put her hand on her thigh and began to move her finger lightly over he soft skin. I looked around to see if we were visible to others, but the only one who could see was the Spanish gentleman to our rear. The waiter in the café was distracted cleaning up.

"He's watching me." Vicky said. She moved her hand a little higher and brushed it across her bush, further exposing herself. "This is hot. I've never done anything like this before."

I adjusted my pants and she could see the bulge from my hard-on.

"Does this give you a hard-on, watching your wife expose her pussy to some stranger?"

I looked in her eyes with lust and rubbed my dick through my pants. She knew my answer.

"What if I do this?" She asked as she touched her vulva and put a finger on her clitoris. "I'm getting so turned-on." She was losing her modest self-control. She really gets aroused when she touches herself while I watch. Having another admirer was having a multiplying effect on her.

"What is you friend doing?" I asked her.

"He's rubbing the front of his pants, like you are."

I looked around and determined that I couldn't be seen, so I unzipped my fly and let my penis breathe the afternoon air. I stroked it gently and let Vicky have a good look at my excited 'little man'.

"What would you like to do with him?" I asked. We often fantasized about sex with another man or woman.

She said, "Hmmm. What would you like me to do? Would you like to watch?"

Again, the look of lust on my face gave the answer.

She said, "I wonder if we could get him to join us for the afternoon in our room?"

"What would happen if we did that?"

"Oooohh. Maybe I'd let him fuck me for you."

I just rubbed my dick.

She was looking at the stranger and said, "Ooohh! He's rubbing his cock through his pants. I wonder if he'll get it out for me?"

My dear wife was touching herself with one hand while the other hand rubbed the inside of her thigh. She nodded in a suggestive way to her admirer while fixing her gaze on his crotch. I realized that she was focused on him while talking to me.

"If we took him back to our room, I'll bet he would eat my pussy. I'm thinking of that now. He would throw me back on the bed and dive between my legs. His beard would be scratchy on my skin. You could play with yourself and take pictures. Would you like that?" she asked.

She put her fingers into her hole and spread her legs more.

"Ooohh. He's got it out. I can see his Spanish prick. He's pulling on it while looking at my married cunt."

I was rubbing my dick and she said, "You seem to like having me look at another man's prick. Maybe I should suck one for you."

My usually demure wife was getting out of control. She put her legs up on the arms of her chair and moved her butt to the edge of the chair, totally exposing her pussy. Her skirt was out-of-the-way and her feet were bare. She was naked from the waist down with the stranger only about fifteen feet away. There was no doubt that he could see everything that my wife had.

"Show us your tits." I requested.

Vicky pulled her shirt up to her neck, exposing her nice breasts to the sunlight and our admirer. She was rubbing one hand over her breasts, with their hard little nipples in the middle of her rosy areolas. I love seeing those beauties and having them out in the sunlight was erotic-as-hell.

Vicky then went on, "I'd like to take that guy back to our room and let him fuck me while you watch and then you could have sloppy seconds."

"You wouldn't do that." I said.

"Oh yeah? Dare me."

I didn't answer realizing that maybe she was serious. While I've had those fantasies of my wife fucking another guy, I wasn't ready to do it, particularly not with a stranger. If I dared her, she would know I wanted her to do it.

Vicky kept taunting me while fingering herself and looking into the other man's eyes. "Think about putting your dick in my cum-filled pussy. You've always wanted to do that. I could make your dream come true."

I didn't say anything, but had to stop rubbing myself to avoid coming.

"Look honey, he can see my wide-open cunt." She pulled her fingers out and used her fingers to spread her labia apart and show us the bright-pink inside of her vagina. It was glistening with her juices. The skirt beneath her ass was soaked. She was almost completely out of control. I seldom have seen her this aroused. She was definitely wanting to get fucked.

She licked her lips while looking at the stranger and moved her fingers in and out of herself like they were a prick. She was getting hotter and hotter. I could tell she was looking at her admirer's prick. That made me jealous, but it also turned-me-on.

Then, my usually shy wife took the wine bottle from the table and lowered it toward her crotch. She put the end of the bottle against her pussy and inserted the top into her vagina. She held it there for a moment and then she moved it in and out, fucking herself while we watched. The bottle went up inside her and I was surprised at how much she took into her cunt. She was lewdly displaying herself to me and the stranger with a wine bottle in her cunt.

She took the bottle out and took it to her mouth, sucking on it like it was a big cock. She said, "He looks like he has a big cock. I'm thinking of what it would feel like inside me."

She continued to diddle herself, moving her hand faster and faster on her snatch and fondling her breasts.

She said, "Oooh. He's got his phone out. He taking pictures of my cunt. I wonder who's going to see them."

"Maybe they'll show up on the internet. Think of it, thousands of people seeing your cunt."

That was enough to send her to the edge. "I'm going to come for him. Is that okay?"

I said, "Come for him and his thousands of friends. Make yourself come." I couldn't have stopped her anyway.

She went faster and faster, rubbing herself, closing her eyes, approaching orgasm; fucking herself.

I asked, "What are you thinking about?"

She panted while she said, "I'm thinking of that guy fucking me in our room while you watch. Maybe I'd let him fuck me in the ass. You could watch his big prick pry me open."

That did it. She tensed and her skin flushed and she was covered with beads of sweat. Her eyes were tightly closed and she shook for a while, releasing her passion. Her legs opened and closed as she fingered her clit with one hand while the fingers of the other hand pumped in and out of her cunt-hole. She was exhausted when she finally stopped coming. I had come too, releasing into a napkin. She looks beautiful while she comes and then after, when she is recovering.

After a moment Vicky said. "Holy shit! I can't believe I just did that."

"You were wonderful." I had come into a napkin and was putting by deflated prick back in its prison.

Vicky took a big drink of wine while arranging her clothing.

"Is the guy still there?" I asked.

"He left." She said. "Let's get the hell out of here."

I waived to the waiter, who had been watching from inside the café. He approached and I asked for the bill.

He returned a few moments later and said, in Spanish that we owed "nada", nothing. Then he handed my wife a small glass with an inch of white liquid in the bottom and said something that I took to mean "Compliments of the owner." We deduced that the gentleman who had been watching my wife fuck herself was the owner and the white liquid was obviously his semen.

My wife looked into the café where her admirer, the owner, was standing behind the bar, looking at his phone. She toasted him with the glass and a smile and then threw her head back and chugged down the glass full of white semen.

She grabbed my and hand and we left quickly, afraid of what might happen next. We laughed while hustling back to our hotel room for more sex. The back of Vicky's skirt was soaked from her cum. Her blouse was wet from her sweat and hung tightly to her breasts. She gave quite a show to the people we passed on the street.

"God. I've never done anything like that, fucking myself for some stranger." She said. "Are you mad at me?"

I laughed and said, "That was fantastic, but I was afraid you were hot enough to go fuck that guy right in the café."

She said, "If you had dared me, I might've done it."

She was really aroused and once we were in the door to our room, I pushed her back on the bed and said, "Pretend I'm that stranger." I put my face into my wife's pussy and she put her hands behind my head to pull me into her. I had wanted to jump her all through lunch and now I feasted on her juicy treasure box.

We came up for air about six hours later when we were hungry again.

"Where should we go for dinner?" I asked.

But that's another story.
