Good Girl Loses Her Inhibitions
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Part 04

We were soon pulling into Henry’s drive and getting out. Dakota straightened her skirt and top but her nipples popped out again just as soon as she let go of the hem of the top.

I knocked on the door, shouted, “It’s only me.” and we walked in. The other 4 guys were in the lounge and the conversation stopped just as soon as they saw Dakota.

Henry was the first to speak,

“Kinell Ethan, Maddy was right, she is a stunner, you’ll fit in real well here love. Oh sorry, I’m Henry, that big ugly bastard is Tom and these 2 are Chuck and Mick.”

“Hi everyone, I’m Dakota, and I’m pleased to meet you all.”

“Come here Dakota,” Tom said, “I need to welcome you into our group properly.” 

Dakota nervously walked over to Tom who reached for her right hand and started shaking it. Tom doesn’t know his own strength and Dakota’s whole body was shaking.

“Hello Dakota,” Tom said, “it’s really good to meet you, we were starting to get worried about Ethan but he’s really landed on his feet with you. Alaska someone said, I bet that you’re finding it hot here. Does that explain your lack of underwear and skimpy clothes, or are the rumours about you true?”

“And what would those rumours be Tom?”

“That you’re a bit of a show-off.”

Dakota blushed, one of her first for the day. Then she quietly said,

“Yes.”

“So that’s why we can all see your tits and pussy. And jeez girl, those nipples look awesome. When are you going to show us what they’re mounted on.”

“Leave her alone Tom,” I said, “can’t you see that you’re embarrassing her?”

“Oh sorry Dakota, I always was good at being forthright. I guess that’s why my business is doing so good. Come and sit with us and watch the game, it starts in a couple of minutes.”

“What is it?”

“Baseball.”

“Oh, I never did like Baseball, I should sit at the back and maybe keep you all topped up with beers.”

“I like your style Dakota, maybe not your choice of sports but that’s not important, Henry, can you show Dakota where the beers are kept.”

Henry stepped forward and put his arm around Dakota’s shoulders, 

“You come with me, ignore that big oaf, he means well but his mouth is bigger than his size 12s. Come, I’ll show you where the fridge is. Help yourself to anything that you can find, including the snacks on the table. You know, Maddy was right, you really are a stunner. Ethan was lucky to find you.”

As they walked into the kitchen Dakota winked at me and I knew that she’d be okay. I went and sat with the guys and watched the game.

“No, I’m the lucky one.” I could just hear Dakota say, “Ethan has changed me so much, no not changed me, helped me find the real me. Your Maddy helped with that as well, did she tell you?”

“She told me that she ‘persuaded’ you to try on bikini tops in the front of the shop.”

“Did she also tell you that I’d spent the last hour or so in her shop naked trying on lingerie and bikini bottoms?”

“Yes she did, my Maddy is very good at reading people. She told me that it wouldn’t be long before you came to these poker nights without any clothes and that you’d spent the night teasing us something rotten. And it looks like she was right, you’re nearly there already.”

Dakota didn’t reply.

“So feel free to strip off anytime that you like. You won’t be the first naked waitress that we’ve had, Tom used to bring a new one each week until he decided to marry the  last one, Ruby, she might be along later. Maddy will be here as soon as she can get away from her shop. She opens late on a Friday. I don’t suppose that you’ll be the only girl here in an hour or two so don’t feel overwhelmed by all these rowdy guys, they’re all softies underneath.”

“Thanks Henry but I think that I’ll be keeping my clothes on.”

“Okay, but if you want to surprise us by bringing us fresh beers without your clothes you will be perfectly safe.”
 
“Thanks Henry.”

Henry came back to watch the game, nodding at me as he took his seat. Dakota came in a minute late with a beer in her hand. She came over to me and gave me it.

“Okay love?” I asked.

“Yeah, Henry’s nice isn’t he?”

I watched her walk back to the kitchen and I was sure that her skirt was higher than it had been before.


About 15 minutes later there was an interval in the game and before I knew it Dakota was walking into the room with 5 beers in her hands. What’s more her skirt was definitely higher, I could see her slit and all her bald pubes.

She went in front of the guys and asked who wanted a beer.

At first none of them spoke and I assumed that they had seen her pubes.

“Bloody hell Dakota,” Tom said, “you may as well not be wearing that skirt.”

“Are you telling me to take it off Tom?”

“Are you telling me that if I did tell you to take it off you will?”

“I like it when people tell me to take my clothes off.”

“In that case Dakota, take your clothes off girl.”

Dakota smiled then looked at each of the guys in turn I winked at her when she looked at me and she smiled back.

“So are all of you telling me to take my clothes off? Because certainty sounds like you are.”

Four heads nodded and I smiled again. Dakota looked at me and we kept eye contact as she put the beers down then pulled her skirt off and stepped out of it. Then she held the hem of her top and it went up and off.

All four of them sighed as her tiny tits and rock hard nipples came into their view. I also saw that her dripping pussy had caused her inner thighs to get all shiny. I wondered if the other guys had noticed that. I so wanted to get my hands on her., as I’m sure the other guys did.

Dakota let them look at her until the game resumed then she went back to the kitchen. I wondered if she was playing with herself.

During the other intervals Dakota came in with more beers and trays of snacks. Any that they didn’t want she put on the floor in front of the TV; in doing so she had her back to them and bent at the waist causing more sighs from the other guys.

At the end of the game the other guys were discussing how their team had done so I went into the kitchen and asked Dakota if she was okay. I touched her pussy as I asked and she shuddered.

“Have you just cum Dakota?”

“Yes.”

“Good for you girl. So you like it when people tell you to take your clothes off do you?”

“Yes, I do now.”

“What about this?” I asked as I fingered her pussy. “Do you like it when people do this to you?”

“Yes.”

I kissed her, long and strong, and tongue wrestled her for a couple of seconds. My right hand was busy between her legs. 

After a couple of minutes I backed away from her the went over to the other worktop and picked up the roll of kitchen towel. I gave it to her and told her that she needed it.

“Sorry Ethan, I can’t help it.”

“I know, it’s not your fault.”

I kissed her again then returned to the others and got accused of going off for a quickie.


“Okay guys, you know what comes next. lets move to the dining room.” Henry said.

Five guys got up and moved to the next room. As I went out Dakota was stood in the kitchen doorway smiling at us all.

“You coming darling, we can use and extra player.” Tom said.

“No Tom, I don’t play poker, but I’ll be along with fresh beers in a while, I’ll just clean up for Maddy.”

“You don’t have to do that Dakota, Maddy doesn’t mind.” Henry added but I saw Dakota move towards the mess that we’d left.


We’d already played one game when Dakota arrived with the beers. After leaning in to put each bottle in front of each of us she came and stood by me.

“You come to be my lucky charm?” I said as I put a hand round the back of her legs and slid it up to her butt.

Dakota spread her legs a little to give me better access and I took advantage and probed her hole with my thumb.

“Now don’t you go giving that husband of yours an advantage, he’s already won one game tonight.” Tom said.

“I haven’t a clue how to play poker so I couldn’t help him even if I wanted to.”

I won the next game as well and as I was collecting the nickels and dimes Tom said,

“Come and stand by me Dakota, that man of yours is winning too much and I need a naked little lucky charm.”

I extracted my thumb and gently slapped Dakota’s butt to let her know that I didn’t mind.

Dakota went round to Tom and stood next to him. I noted that she automatically stood with her feet apart.

Fifteen seconds later Tom said,

“Jeez girl, your dripping, you really must like being naked with us guys. Am I right or am I right?”

Dakota blushed and quietly said,

“Your right.”

“Sorry girl,” Tom said, “I can’t hear you, shout up.”

“YES TOM I LIKE BEING NAKED WITH YOU GUYS AND I LIKE HAVING YOUR THUMB IN MY VAGINA. Is that better?”

“It sure is darling, let everyone know that they will have their turn to have a lucky charm.”

Henry dealt the cards and shortly afterwards Tom won the game.

“Thanks darling, I knew that you’d help me win.”

“But I didn’t do anything.”

“Oh yes you did. Hey guys, how about a new rule. Each time you win you get to have Dakota here stand next to you for the next game so when you win you double win by being able to sample her sweet, dripping charms.”

Four guys nodded their heads and I looked at Dakota and gave her my smile of approval.

And that’s how it went. The games became quicker as everyone wanted to sample Dakota’s pussy. I also tried to arrange it so that everyone got a feel of her pussy. 

When it got to Henry’s turn he’d just got his fingers or a thumb up her when an orgasm exploded out of her. She stood there jerking about and shouting, “Yes, yes, yes.” 

We all just watched her until the waves went away then she said,

“Sorry to spoil the game guys, carry on.”

“Good for you girl.” Tom said, then continued dealing.


Chuck was the last to be a winner and just after he’d lost the next game Maddy walked into the room. All she was wearing was one of her material free bikinis.

“Glad to see you brought a sample home again Maddy. Dakota here has cum for us once but I has hoping for at least 3 more times before the evening ends. You’re not going to spoil that are you?” Tom said.

“You always say that about my workwear Tom and I always come home in what I was wearing at work.” Maddy replied, then she turned to Dakota and said,

“I see that it finally clicked, these morons aren’t giving you a bad time are they? Come next door and we’ll have a chat.”

Us guys continued playing and I couldn’t hear what the girls were saying but during the journey back to the condo Dakota later told me that the conversation went roughly like this: -

“What clicked Maddy?”

“That you want to show off your body.”

“Yes it did, shortly after we left your shop.”

“You came to my shop a shy, nervous little girl who I bet hadn’t even had sex before you met Ethan. I knew just as soon as I saw you walking out into the main shop that there was a different you inside there. I’ve seen it with dozens of girls., they come into my shop, hide away until they get some confidence then out they come, naked as the day they were born and strutting their stuff in front of me and the other customers, guys as well.”

“Wow, so I’m not the only one then.”

“Fuck no, remember that girl that came in when you were there? Well she was shyer than you when she first came in and look at her now. I’m surprised that she even got dressed before she left the shop. But back to you Dakota, how are you adjusting to life in Florida? I bet that it’s way different to your old life I Alaska.”

“It sure is, the heat, the clothes, the near naked girls. Wow, such a shock. All of it soo different to Alaska, and I now know that my mother and father Thomas are deluded, but Ethan has been great, he’s really helped me adjust, you too Maddy, you helped soo much, thank you.” 

“I take it that you are a catholic, don’t blame your mother, she got brainwashed and was only passing it on to you, that’s probably all that she knows. And don’t think that it’s always glorious sunshine here, it rains here as well, some times the heavens open every afternoon at about the same time. I never did understand why it does that, and we sometimes get hurricanes, they’re not nice.

So what are you going to do with yourself when Ethan has to go back to work? You don’t want to stay in that condo all the time.”

“No I don’t, we’re thinking of moving to somewhere bigger, somewhere with a pool and private back yard.”

“Great, barbies and orgys round at yours, I can’t wait.”

“I don’t know about that, I also want to get a part-time job that will fill some of my time, we also bought me some girl’s toys for me on the way here. Ethan says that they are essentials down here. I haven’t a clue what some of them are.”

“On the way here you say, where are they now?”

“In the car.”

“We’ll go and get them in a minute and I’ll see if I can help you, I’ve got a draw full of toys. But before that, you say a part-time job, I need someone when I’m busy, I’ve got a woman who looks after the shop when I can’t make it but she doesn’t want regular work. Maybe we could arrange something, get Ethan to give you my number and we’ll talk about it, You’ll be able to strut your stuff like that if you want and at busy times there’s usually a few guys in the shop as well as the girls. I think that shops like mine are the only shops that guys like to go to.”

“Err Maddy, I was wondering if you ever have any live mannequins?”

Maddy laughed and replied,

“Don’t be shy about things like that, I’ve had a few of those over he last few years. Being naked in my shop wasn’t enough for some of my part-timers and they’ve posed in my shop window, with and without wearing any of the goods. Is that something that you fancy? I can arrange it if you like.”

“Maybe.”

“I know that Tom is looking for someone to help with the admin side of his business as well but I don’t know any of the details. I know that he comes over as a big buffoon but underneath he’s a kind and gentle man so don’t let that that front of his put you off;  if that’s the type of work that you want.”

“What sort of business does he run?”

“It’s an auto body repair shop. He calls it the ‘Hot Body Shop’, and it certainly would be if you worked there. Talk to him, he won’t bite, well not unless you ask him to.”

“Thanks, I will.”

“Now, about those toys, shall we go and get them? And are you feeling up to trying them with the guys watching you, or is it too soon for that?”

“I think that I’m ready to do something like that but if I suddenly run out of the room it’s because I’ve chickened out.”

“You’ll be fine Dakota, just let your body control you, not that brain of yours.”

“Ethan says that as well. Are we going out to the car like this?”

“Is that a problem for you?”

“No.”



Two, as good as naked girls went outside and got the bag of girly toys from my car and came back in, straight into the dining room.

“There you are Itty, I was starting to think that you’d gone home.”

“What’s with the ‘Itty’ thing Tom, her names Dakota.” I asked.

“You know, Itty Bitty Titty.”

“Oh, I see,” Henry said. “Leave her alone she might be embarrassed about her small tits.”

“No, I’m not, I’m proud of my tits.”


“Guys,” Maddy said, Dakota has just got her first girl toys and she was wondering if you’d help her find out how they all work.”

Maddy tipped the bag out onto the table on top of all the cards and nickels and dimes. No one cared.

“Pick them up guys then I’ll clear the table for Itty to get on.” Tom said.

Four guys picked up the toys then Tom went round to the front of the table and just lifted that side of the table up so that everything that was still on it just slid off the back

“Well that was one way to do it.” Henry said.

Tom put the table back down then turned to Dakota, picked her up by her waist and plonked her down on the table. She automatically opened her legs wide giving us a great view of her dripping pussy.

“Better get some kitchen towel Maddy.” Tom said, “We’re going to need it.”

I looked at Dakota’s face expecting her to be blushing, but she wasn’t she was smiling and she looked ready for anything.

“Look at this guys” Mick said, “she wants to be examined.”

“I can point you in the direction of a special doctor if you want a special examination Itty.” Tom said. 

I made a mental note to ask him about that.

“Can I put it in you please Dakota?” Asked Mike.

She looked at me and nodded.

I could see Dakota’s pussy getting even wetter at the anticipation of a man she’d only met a few hours ago, sliding something into her pussy..

“Lay on your back Itty and make it easier for Mike.” Tom said.

I could see that she might be in that position for a while so I went round to her head and asked her,

“Are you okay Dakota? I can stop this right now if you want.”

“Yes, no, I mean I want them to do it. I want to find out how my new toys work and it might stop me getting so embarrassed.”

I bent over, held her hand and kissed her, just as Mike pushed the speculum up her vagina. She gasped while trying to kiss me and it turned into a cough and splutter.

“Sorry Dakota, my bad timing.” I said.

“That’s okay, aargh, what the hell is he doing to me?”

I looked up and then said,

“Just stretching you open, you’ll be fine.”

Then I heard Tom say,

“Have you got a flash-light Henry, the bigger the better”

“Hang on a sec.”

Harry ran off and in less that a minute he was back with a big, powerful torch.

“Bloody hell Harry, do you want us to inspect her teeth as well?”

I looked over to Maddy and she too was watching Mike stare into Dakota’s vagina.

“Ooow, I think that Mike just blew into me, it felt nice.” 

Then she sighed and Mike pulled the speculum out of her.

“Dome like a pro.” Tom said, then took the speculum, off Mike.

He held it up, licked it, the eased it into Dakota saying,

“You taste nice Itty.”


All the other guys had their turn, Chuck being the last one. When he pulled it out he offered it to me saying,

“She’s you wife mate.”

“No, you’re okay, I can do that anytime that I want.”

Chuck surprised me a bit then by offering the speculum to Maddy. She hesitated a little then took it off him.

“Maddy’s going to look inside you Dakota.” I said.

And she did, although Dakota didn’t gasp or moan as much and I guessed that Maddy was being more gentle with her. I also noticed that Maddy put the speculum in with the handles facing down whereas all the guys had had the handles facing up.

I soon found out why, so did Dakota, she started moaning and I looked to her pussy and saw that Maddy was rubbing Dakota’s clit.

After all the treatment that they guys had been giving her Dakota didn’t last long before she orgasmed, her hips rising up as her body jerked to the convulsions.

“That’s 2 guys,” Tom said, “what’s the record for one of these nights?”

“Six I think.” replied Chuck.

I looked down at Dakota, she was smiling and I wondered how many times I’d made her cum in one day, I made a mental note to try and count them in the future.

“Who’d like another beer?” Maddy said as she slid the speculum out of Dakota. “Would you like a drink Dakota?”

“Can I have a glass of water please?”

“Sure you can.”

“Maddy,” Tom said, “you’d better bring the kitchen towel as well. We need to find the tap to turn this girl off.”

The guys smiled and I looked down to Dakota expecting her to be embarrassed, but there was no sign of it on her face.

When Maddy got back she handed the beers out and said,

“I know that you like showing your pussy to these guys but you can sit up now.”

“Sorry.” Dakota said and she sat up.

“Never be sorry about showing your pussy to us Itty.” Tom said, we’d like to look at it all day.”

“Lift up Dakota.” Maddy said as she started wiping up Dakotas juices.

Dakota sat down again as Maddy said,

“You certainly do have a lot of juice in you Dakota. I nearly used a whole box of tissues on you at the shop and at this rate I’ll have to go to Walmart to get some more kitchen towel.”


“What’s next guys?” Tom asked “Oh I see, pass that monster over Harry. Itty, has Ethan fucked fucked you in the ass yet?”

“No.” Dakota said quietly.

“Okay, just one end tonight, do you want to do the honours Itty or would you like one of us to put that in you?”

“Can you do it please Ethan?”

“No he can’t, we have a strict rule about one of us fucking the girl that he brought, even if it is with a dildo. He can do that anytime.” Tom said.

“How about letting Chuck use it on you Itty, he’s been a bit quiet tonight?”

“Okay then.”

“Get on your back again and spread ’em wide again.”

Dakota did, and I could see some trepidation on her face. That dildo was about to be the biggest thing she’d ever had in her pussy. I vowed find some big things for her to experiment with.

Chuck took the dildo from Tom and moved towards Dakota. She spread her legs wider, so much so that they were at 90 degrees to her body, and shut her eyes.

She gasped and moaned as Chuck slowly eased it into her. The moaning got louder the further in it went. When Chuck stopped pushing Dakota asked how much of it was insider her.

“Not enough to come out of your mouth yet Itty. Keep going Chuck.” Tom said.

He did and soon Dakota was moaning again. Soon though, Dakota was pleading for Chuck to stop, and thankfully he did. But he soon started fucking her with it. Dakota sounded like it was too much for her and I was about to tell Chuck to stop when all of a sudden her body went rigid and she orgasmed.

“Three.” Tom declared. ”Me next.”

“Hang on a minute mate, lets ask Dakota if she wants to go through that again.” I said.

“She can take it. Maddy said, we girls are designed to give birth so that chunk of silicone isn’t going to do any damage.”

Tom didn’t wait for Dakota’s answer, he rammed the huge dildo right in as far as he could. Dakota screamed and orgasmed again.

“Four. Looking good Itty.” Tom declared and pulled the dildo out. “Who’s next?”

Henry took hold of the dildo and waited until Dakota was able to talk.

“Do you want this in you again Dakota?” He asked.

“Yes, not all of you have had a go yet, but please be gentle, I’m sure that I’m bruised in there.”

Henry was gentle, slowly pushing it in and not all the way. He slowly fucked her with it for a minute or so then pulled it out and passed it to Mick. He followed Henry’s lead and was gentle with her.

When he pulled it out he put it on the table but Tom picked it up and held it in front of  Maddy. 

“Your turn Maddy.”

“I think that I’ll pass. The poor girl looks knackered and she’s still got that to cope with.” She pointed to the box at the end of the table.

“Yes, I think that we’d better take it easy with that or she’ll end up in hospital with exhaustion.”

“Why, what is that?”  Dakota asked.

“That my dear Itty is something that you will quickly learn to love. Maybe not as much as Ethan, but one hell of a lot. You just lay there and anticipate an experience like never before. Ethan, give me your phone.”

Dakota must have been anticipating something wonderful because I could see her pussy oozing.

It took a few minutes for Tom to get everything sorted and Dakota screamed when the Ohmibod burst into life on the table next to her.

“That goes inside me?” Dakota asked.

“Yep, and you’ll love it.”

“What’s that tail thing on it, it looks like a whale.”

“That tail thing is the antenna to receive the signals from Ethan’s phone. It sticks out of your pussy, but relax, it’s bendy and you can hide it in your panties, if you ever intend to wear any again, after all we are in Florida. Hey mate, you should take this girl to Key West she’ll love the festivals and spring break parties. Itty, Ethan will be controlling this thing so your trust in him will be tested, but I can guarantee that it will suit a girl like you.”

“A girl like me!” Dakota said, “What does that mean?”

“Sorry Itty, nothing bad, you’re a fun loving girl and this will give you lots of embarrassing experiences. You get off on those don’t you?”

After a pause, Dakota replied,

“Yes, I think that I do – now. So will you stop talking and get the bloody thing working.”

“You’ve got an eager beaver here Ethan.”

“Don’t I know it.” I replied.

Tom slid the Ohmibod in saying,

“Jeez Itty, I wish that Ruby was as wet as you. Are you like that all the time?”

“I am these days, that’s what Ethan has done to me. Well one of the things.”

Then Dakota screamed then moans of pleasure came from her mouth. Then she screamed and started jerking about, her left hand went to her tits and her right hand went to her pussy.”

“Stop, stop, it’s going to kill me.” Dakota screamed.

“No it’s not.” Tom replied then turned to me. I’d been looking over his shoulder all the time since he’d opened the box and I was confident that I knew how to control the vibrator. Tom gave me my phone and I started experimenting.

“Oh fuck, oh fuck.” Dakota kept saying. After a couple of minutes I turned it off and asked Dakota if she was alright.

“Yes, yes, I think. Turn it on again please.”

Instead I passed my phone to Chuck to let him play while I watched Dakota. It was amazing, I’d heard of Ohmibods before to to see one in action was just amazing. Chuck used the control to bring Dakota to a screaming orgasm then passed my phone to Mick.

“Five.” Tom said, then added, “Those things don’t make all girls cum so you two are lucky.”

“I know that already mate.” I replied.

Mick gave Dakota a bit of a rest before pushing her so much that I had to slide her to the middle of the table to stop her falling off. 

“Six.” Tom shouted, “One more Itty and your our new champion.”

“She’s my champion already mate.” I said.

“Yeah I know that but I’m talking about this group’s champion. I’ll get her a medal if she makes it.”

“I’m sure that she will appreciate it.”

“She’ll be able to hang it from on of those nipples.”

I laughed and wondered how we found this guy.

By then Henry had my phone and was increasing the vibrations. I looked at Dakota and started wondering if it was too much for her. Just as I decided to call a stop to it she orgasmed again. I took the phone off Henry and shutdown the app as Tom shouted,

“Seven, we have a winner.”

I reached over to Dakota and pulled the Ohmibod out of her, noting the big puddle under her butt.

She looked up at me, smiled and said,

“That was fucking awesome. Thank you for buying it for me.”

“Here Dakota,” Maddy said, “sit up and drink this.”

Dakota did, then said,

“Wow, this table is slippery, I didn’t notice that before.

“That’s your sweet pussy Itty,” Tom said, “I owe you a medal.”

“What?” Dakota said.

“Don’t worry about it Dakota,” Maddy said, “it’s just Tom being Tom. Are you alright Dakota?”

“Never been better, why?”

“You look tired.”

“I am but I’m not out yet, what next.”

“You’ve just go the paddle and the handcuffs. We can leave those if you like.” 

“Forget the handcuffs but I haven been spanked for years, and never on my bare butt. Give me a minute then you lot can give me a red butt.”

“Okay, if you’re sure, but can you just get off the table please, I need to wipe it.”

“Sorry, I don’t know why my body has just started doing that, maybe I should go and see a doctor.”

“I can fix you up with one of those Itty, a special one that will make sure that your pussy and tits are working properly.”

“I think that we’ve already established that Tom.” Maddy said.

“Yeah we sure have. Real good of you to come here tonight Itty.”

“My pleasure Tom.”

“Well you certainly looked to be enjoying yourself.”  

“I certainly have, it’s been educational but it’s not over yet, one of you has to spank me with the paddle.”

“Yes, just one, I’m knackered. I’ll let you lot decide who’s the lucky one. The rest of you can have that pleasure some other time.”

Tom went over to the rest of us guys and after a discussion Henry picked up the paddle. He came over to Maddy and me and Maddy told him to take it easy on Dakota.

“I plan to. Come on Dakota, this will be best administered over the back of the sofa.”

We all followed Henry into the lounge and Dakota went straight to the back of the sofa  and lay over it, spreading her legs as she did so.

Fortunately there was plenty of room behind the sofa and we all managed to get a view of Dakota’s butt and Henry had the space to swing his arm.

Henry started and all that Dakota did was go ‘Umph.’

After 5 strokes her butt was looking a bit red and Dakota wasn’t showing any real signs of being in great pain.

After 10 strokes Henry stopped and announced that it was over. Tom accused him of being a wimp but Henry shot back with,

“Don’t you think the girl has had enough for one day, look at her, she’s knackered.”

“Yeah,” Tom replied, “Itty has stood up to everything really well considering that she was a virgin a couple of weeks ago. My Ruby would have passed out ages ago. Sorry Itty, but if you want a round 2 just let us know.”

“Okay Tom, I’ll let you know. They breed us girls tough up in Alaska.”

I went and hugged Dakota and told everyone that we were going home. Maddy saw us to to the door, still only wearing what she had worn at work and carrying Dakota’s bag of toys and her clothes.

“You may like to take these with you, and if you’re driving it maybe be best to put your clothes on. I’ll check in with you tomorrow just to make sure that you’re okay Dakota. And you Ethan, you let her sleep when you get home.”

“I will, seeya Maddy and thanks for the hospitality.”

“Are you okay to drive Dakota. I can drive if you want.” I said as she got dressed beside the car.

“No, I’m fine, it’s not that far.”


We made it back to the condo and after a sexless shower we went to bed, Dakota lying on her back with her legs open and her right hand on her pussy.

“Is it sore?”

“A little, it should be fine by morning so you can wake me up the nice way.”

“Maybe.”

I watched her until she was asleep then I put my head on the pillow and was asleep within seconds.

