Vacation
bydirtyeric9854©

Vacation Ch. 01

It had been a long, challenging year. Jenny and I had been working really hard and decided we needed to get away. We were lucky that we kept working. Now that quarantines were loosening we finally had the chance to travel. We hadn't been able to get out for long enough that we'd saved up and could get away to someplace where we'd just get to relax. Since she was the maven of all things internet I let her make the arrangements. Someplace warmer where we didn't need to do anything were my only requirements. In the future, I will attempt to make all of my trips as loose in requirements as this one -- all inclusive is the way to go. Hopefully the results will be just as amazing as this trip was.

We'd flown in and had a ride waiting for us. We were headed to an island get away. Warm, inviting and relaxing. Jenny had done an amazing job. I wrapped my arm around her and kissed her head as we rode toward the resort. Jenny seemed distracted, so I stared out the window as well. It was much sunnier and warmer here than it was at home. Beach time would be welcome.

"Here is good." I was surprised when Jenny said something to the driver. We were a little way from the entry. We could see it, but we'd need to walk a short distance.

"Of course." the driver answered and pulled to the curb.

"Why.. wait, what?" was all I could muster as Jenny stepped out onto the concrete sidewalk.

"Don't worry, everything will be brought to our room. I really want to walk from here. The weather is so beautiful."

I stumbled out of the vehicle and Jenny handed me her light jacket. She was wearing a belted sundress with new shoes she'd gotten just for this trip. The dress was light and flowing, just the way I liked them. I always hoped for a stray breeze to lift the hem just the right way. She strode off ahead, leaving me there staring at her dress and holding our travel bag and jackets as the car went on ahead.

Jenny strode out ahead of me stretching her arms and revelling in the sunshine. She kicked off her shoes and kept walking. I hustled up to her shoes and grabbed them, rearranging things into the bag hanging from my shoulder. By the time I looked up Jenny was further ahead. She spun around once, looking back at me and dropped her belt on the sidewalk. Once again I hustled to catch up and picked up after her. I was still crouched when I looked up to see her almost to the resort entry. She looked back at me, hesitating just a little as she turned. She then grinned the slightest little bit as she pulled her bra out through the arm of her sun dress. She hooked it onto a picket along the fence and walked into our resort.

I was stunned. My heart leapt and I almost burst from my shorts all at the same moment. I had to let one knee dip to the ground for balance. My shy, quiet Jenny was walking into this place where we'd be spending the next ten days wearing nothing but a light sundress and her panties. I thought I remembered her wearing panties, but now I wasn't certain. I hopped up and hustled to her bra adding it to my collection.

I caught up enough to get her back in sight when Jenny was standing at the front desk. The lobby was large and there wasn't anyone else arriving at this time. It was nice, but I don't recall any details. I was staring at Jenny the whole time I walked to the desk. She glanced at me just enough to know I was there. When the clerk at the desk turned to work on something at the table behind the main counter the hand Jenny hadn't left sitting in plain sight tugged her panties down toward her knees. The became loose enough at that point to drop down around her ankles. She deftly stepped out with one foot and bent the opposite leg up to bring the panties to her hand. It was a slick maneuver that took just until the clerk turned back around. I had just about reached the counter at that point, but I was still staring. I'd lost focus on anything else. Room keys in hand Jenny turned and her beautiful breasts swayed under her sundress. I could see that her nipples were rock hard. I'm certain the clerk had noticed as well. I wondered for just a second what she'd thought of my girls display. I realized her panties were sitting on the low shelf in front of the main counter. Shocked, I grabbed them and headed for the elevators.

I finally caught up as the elevator doors took a moment to open. Jenny didn't turn back toward me as she stepped in. She reached to the side and hit multiple floor numbers. I stepped in just enough to let the doors close. As the doors started to close I realized why Jenny hadn't immediately turned around. While walking and waiting she had unbuttoned her dress. All of it. When she did turn back to me I was treated to a complete view of her naked body. The only reason her dress didn't fall completely off was that it was still on her shoulders. Her nipples were pointing straight at me. I don't think I'd ever seen them so hard before. Her beautiful smooth skin had the slightest hint of goose bumps. I almost finished right then and there.

"I hope you're enjoying our vacation so far" she whispered into my ear. "I have never been so wet in all my life."

"You are so amazing. I don't even know what to say," my voice sounded hoarse. I pushed her dress back to reveal her more completely. I slid my hand slowly across her collar bone and down to her breast. I cupped it and ran my fingers across her nipple. Just then the doors opened behind me and Jenny made a shuddering, moaning noise. I glanced back over my shoulder, there was nobody waiting for the elevator on this floor.

"I just had an orgasm... and I want more," Jenny's voice was husky and she reached out to stroke me through my shorts. I was desperate to get myself free from them, but I glanced at the numbers. Three more stops.

"What floor?" I asked.

"The top. The others are just to make things a little more interesting," and Jenny slid her dress completely off and stuffed it into the bag hanging, forgotten from my shoulder. She wrapped her body around mine and started to nibble on my earlobe. She ground her hips against me. I let the bag slide to the floor and pushed it to the corner. I put both my hands on her back and started sliding them all along her body, just brushing along her skin. She stopped nibbling and bit my ear. The elevator dinged and the doors slid open. Nobody there again.

"I want you so much right now" I whispered.

"Why wait?" Jenny pushed away from me. She leaned against the wall panelling, rubbing her breasts with one hand and dipping her other hand down lower. "Open your shorts."

I unzipped, but it was a struggle as everything was so tight just then. I felt the wet spot on my shorts from all the excitement so far. I tugged on my underwear trying to free myself just as the elevator dinged again. The doors slid open.

"Nobody again," I said glancing over my shoulder. Jenny's fingers were working in and out of herself at a furious rate. She shuddered and I could see wetness sliding down the inside of her thighs. "The next floor is ours, right?"

Jenny's only answer was dropping to her knees and yanking me out of my shorts. She immediately popped me into her mouth and slid further down the shaft than she ever had before. I almost came right then and there. She only moved back and forth a few times when she stopped and stood. Turning she bent slightly at the waist and started to push back toward me. I couldn't believe we were about to fuck right there in the elevator... and it dinged. The doors slid open.

Nobody again. Jenny shuddered, and I had a moment of inspiration. It was my turn to tease, "Our floor, time to get off." I grabbed the handle of the bag and stepped out of the elevator, shaft bobbing ahead of me for the whole world to see. Jenny hesitated for just a split second, as if she thought of riding up and down just to see when the doors would open. I slid one hand along my wet shaft and started to move away from the elevator. Jenny stepped out just before the doors closed again.

"Down here," I motioned Jenny to follow me to the end of the short corridor. There was a window at the end of the hall with a rail just at the right height to hang onto. I plunked the bag down and looked out to admire the view. Turning back to Jenny, "Grab the rail at the window." I let my shorts and underwear drop to the floor and kicked them to one side. Jenny wasted no time. As soon as she leaned forward I entered her from behind. It was effortless she was so wet. We started a frantic rhythm slapping away right there at the end of the hall. Staring into the reflection of the glass I watched her breasts swing back and forth wanting to grab them but not daring to let go of Jenny's hips. I could feel myself ready to cum and grunted. Jenny slammed back into me and half squealed, half screamed this animal noise. Her whole body glistened. Her knees trembled. We were both trying to catch our breath.

Still trembling lightly, she rummaged in the bag coming up with a room key. "I think we should find our room and clean up a little, don't you?" Jenny turned and strolled down the hall looking for room numbers all the while her inner thighs glistening and wet with droplets running down along her calves.

This was going to be an amazing vacation.


Vacation Ch. 02

I slowly drifted awake. I couldn't remember the last time I felt this relaxed or this well rested. Jenny was curled up beside me. After the amazing, frantic, exhausting start to our vacation we had settled in and spent a couple of days doing absolutely nothing. It's not an easy thing, doing nothing. It's part of what I love so much about all inclusive vacation spots. We didn't need to consider any aspect of our day. Others cooked, cleaned and generally made our days as carefree as possible. We lounged, we wandered, and did our level best to just be there. We both needed this more than either of us had realized.

I rolled to the side, putting my arm over Jenny and kissed her on the head.

"Mmmmm..." Jenny opened one eye to glance at me then snuggled up against me. Her hand moved onto my side then slid down to my hip. She gently ran her fingers into the little hollow just inside my hip bone. "I like this little spot right here" she said as she caressed the smooth skin there. I started to get hard.

"I like a lot of spots," I said as I slid my hand along Jenny's side. I slowly stroked up and down, touching her back, her hip, then kneading her ass while pulling her in against my erection.

"You do seem to be interested," Jenny's hand slid onto my shaft and began a light stroking motion. I closed my eyes and shifted onto my back allowing my cock to point directly up. "I think we might want to save this for later," she stopped her hand and propped herself up on one elbow.

"Later?" I asked, mildly disappointed that we weren't going to have a quiet, gentle round of morning sex before breakfast.

"While we were wandering around I noticed there's a section of beach that is marked as clothing optional." Jenny trailed her hand up my stomach onto my chest. "What do you think about going there today to get a little extra sun?" My erection intensified and my cock twitched. Jenny glanced down and continued, "I think I have my answer. We should get ready." With that Jenny rolled away from me and hopped off the bed.

We didn't rush, but we didn't linger either. Jenny pulled on her two piece swimsuit. It's not a revealing micro number. Alternating dark and light blue stripes with thin white and yellow stripes separating the blues. The bottoms tied at her hips. The best feature of the suit in my opinion was the fact that if she was excited there was simply no hiding her nipples. Jenny seemed very much into this idea of heading to the nude beach as her nipples poked through clearly. She grabbed a sarong she had picked up at the local market. The sarong was a light cream and blue tie dyed color made from a very thin cotton. It was a modest cover up, but was completely see through when the sunlight was behind it. She wrapped it around herself and we headed out.

We strolled along the beach looking for a decent spot. Once we'd gone a fair distance away from the weathered decking of the resort we began to see a few others scattered around and taking in the sun. There were a number of others that had decided naked was the best way to enjoy the beach. We found ourselves a small hollow relatively close to the water. There were some rocks off to one side, but the sand was clear and the area just right for us. I laid out the beach towels and set our bag off to one corner.

Jenny stood looking around for a moment, then pulled at her wrap and dropped it to the towel next to me. She glanced back over her shoulder at me, then pulled her bikini top up over her head and off. Her breasts fell free and she dropped the top down with the wrap. She slid her hands along her sides, grabbing her breasts and lifting them slightly before moving to the sides of her bikini bottoms. She set her feet apart, undid the ties and just let her bottoms fall to the ground. She stood there, completely naked for the entire world to see. I just stared. It was glorious.

"You're going to need to help me reach all my parts with the sun block," Jenny laid down on her back on the towel. "Be sure you don't miss any spots. I don't want to burn."

It took me a moment to break my trance. I took a quick glance around then dropped my swim shorts to the towel next to Jenny's things. I picked up the sun block and squirted it into my hand. Kneeling down and started at Jenny's shoulders. I slid my hands down along her arms, then back up and onto her collar bones. I was once again hard as I massaged sun block onto her tits. I grabbed them, squeezed them and made sure to slide across her nipples. Jenny sighed and squirmed a little, "Don't forget the rest of me."

I continued to slather her all over, watching her body glisten in the sunshine. As I was working I noticed a few other beach goers wandering back and forth near our location. I didn't mention it to Jenny, but glanced up now and again. It seemed we were working on bringing an audience to our location. I had finished Jenny's stomach, hips and both legs but I had neglected one very important part. As I ran my hands up her legs again I squirted a little extra lotion onto her just above her small patch of pubic hair. Jenny keeps a nice, trimmed area there.

"You know you've drawn a few admirers along the beach here, right?" As I said this I rubbed the extra lotion down across her mound and began to massage the area all around her lips. Jenny squirmed and moved her legs further apart. My hands slid along her inner thighs and then back up and over her mound, cupping her while allowing my middle finger to slide along her slit as I brought my hand back up onto her stomach. She shuddered, but did not close her legs.

After a moment, Jenny spoke up. "I know you've been enjoying the show I've been putting on." She rolled onto her stomach. Glancing up along the beach she noticed some of the others that had been walking back and forth around our spot on the beach. "I want to give you a little something extra today."

"You're all I need sweetie" I reached to start rubbing down her back.

"Wait." Jenny rolled ever so slightly up. "Don't put the sunblock on my back."

"The part about not getting sunburn?" I asked.

"I think you should take that," she patted my cock, "out for a walk."

"I can do that, but what about you?" I hesitated.

Jenny glanced at a man that had been past our spot enough times that we knew he was interested in what he saw. "I'm going to recruit some help. You get to watch." Jenny waved a hand at me, shooing me away.

I stood up, cock bobbing up and down and started to walk away. I walked along the beach for a while, then turned and headed back toward our spot. As I was nearing Jenny I saw her motion to the man we had both noticed. She held up the lotion bottle and gestured toward her back. That seemed to do the trick. He walked over and knelt down beside her. I decided to hang back and watch, just as my lovely wife had suggested.

Jenny stretched and wriggled under his hands as he rubbed the lotion all over her. As he rubbed he spent extra time rubbing her ass and upper thighs. He moved down and straddled one of her legs. This position meant he had to lean forward slightly to reach her lower back. As he massaged, Jenny moved her other leg further apart leaving herself wide open to this man's view. He leaned forward reaching for her lower back and as he did his dick slid along the back of her leg. He passed his hands over her back and then ran one hand directly into her ass. He used the other to pull her further open and I could clearly see him massage her most intimate places. Her hips bucked and she pushed back against his hand. He continued to rub and began to lean forward more rubbing his cock along her leg.

I was still too distant to hear the exchange, but I could see Jenny turn her head and say something to him. He smiled, then laid down on his back on the towels. Jenny sat up, taking the lotion from him. She then began to apply it to his lower abdomen and went directly to his fat, erect cock. She gripped him and started to slide up and down his shaft. Her other hand moved along his thigh then gently cupped his balls. Her hand slid up and down steadily, and I could see she was saying a few quiet words to him. Her stroke changed slightly and she leaned in, taking his head into her mouth. Her left hand continued to stroke as she licked and sucked him. I know just how good Jenny is at that combo and it did not take long before she brought her head up and smiled at him. Her stroke intensified, sped up and then I could clearly see he came all over his stomach. Jenny's eyes widened just a bit as she gripped the base of his shaft firmly then slid her hand up and off his dick, rubbing the cum around on his belly like it was sunblock. She looked up at me and smiled.

Jenny looked back at her guest and chatted a little more. He laid a gentle hand on her shoulder, stood up and walked down the beach into the water.

I walked back over to our towels. "That was amazingly hot."

Jenny looked up at me and said, "Don't sit down."

I raised a quizzical eyebrow at that. "We need to head back to our room. I can see the precum literally dripping from your dick." Jenny nodded my way, "and I want very much to do things that will probably get us into a lot of trouble if we do them right here on the beach."

I didn't question, just began to pack our things up. On a whim, I handed the sarong back to Jenny, but tucked her swimsuit back into the bag with the towels. I yanked my shorts up and held out my hand to her. Jenny smiled a devious little smile at me. She then pulled the wrap around herself, tucked in the top edge as if it was a bath towel.

Jenny ran her hand along my cock and said, "We definitely need to get back to the room, but the walk could be very interesting." She then turned and started back toward our room. I watched her go. I could watch her all day. I broke my daze and started after her. I couldn't wait for the next part of her show.


Vacation Ch. 03

Watching Jenny walk back to the hotel from the beach with nothing but her semi-transparent wrap was amazing. She had the top edge tucked in high on her chest, but it was not tied or really secured in any way, just tucked in. Having it held up that high meant the bottom edge was between mid thigh and the bottom of her cheeks. The light, flowing material moved and bounced as she walked. I was memorized watching, waiting to see if her bare ass would be shown off to any who cared to look. Her nipples were still poking out, clearly on display as well. Whatever had taken hold of Jenny on this vacation, I was loving the results.

As we got closer to the hotel I started to hang back just a few steps. I wanted to see her turn heads as she walked through the lobby. There weren't many folks actually there. Most were busy and heading off to whatever their destinations were. The young man behind the desk glanced up, went to put his head back down and stopped. It was obvious that Jenny had his undivided attention, his phone still held low behind the counter top. Jenny seemed to notice him just as she was rounding the corner for the elevators. He would lose sight of her once she reached the buttons. As she was about to move out of sight she swirled around. The motion caused the wrap to billow out and open. She was, ever so briefly, completely exposed to him. She finished her spin and continued out of sight. I hustled to catch up. I most certainly did not want to miss this elevator ride.

The elevator doors were opening as I rounded the corner and caught up with Jenny. We both stepped into the elevator. As soon as I stepped in she turned to face me and put her back against the wall of the elevator. She pulled the wrap open with one hand and started rubbing herself all over with the other hand.

"I'm so horny right now," she moved her hand across her nipples and then down along her side.

"I bet the guy at the desk is too, I leaned in and kissed her.

Her hand moved from herself and onto my shorts. She began stroking my erection. She pushed back against my kiss. She leaned up off the wall and pressed herself against the length of my body. The elevator dinged and the door opened.

"That was much faster than last time," she rasped out.

"Well, we didn't hit all the other floors on the way up," I grinned and backed my way out of the elevator holding out a hand, inviting her to follow. "We should probably get to our room."

Jenny stepped out of the elevator. As she reached out her hand to take mine I slowed just enough to get inside her reach. Rather than taking her hand I grabbed the edge of the wrap where she had tucked it in. I gave a gentle pull and untucked it. Stepping to one side as I whipped the wrap away like I was a stage magician going for the big finale. Jenny was completely naked in the middle of the corridor leading to our room again.

"Thank you, that was in the way," she smiled and kept walking.

I dug into my pocket and got the room key out. I opened the door and we both headed into the room. Jenny headed directly to the curtains on the large windows opposite the door. She opened the curtains wide, giving anyone across the way a clear view directly into our room. She put her hands on her hips and stood there, on display for anyone looking out the window of the other wing of the hotel. I dropped all the things I'd been toting back from the beach and headed to her.

I moved directly behind her and wrapped my arms around her middle, leaning in to start nibbling and kissing on her shoulder then moving up the side of her neck. I let my hands slide around on her, gently caressing her, getting near but not touching her most sensitive areas.

"I love whatever it is that has come over you," I whispered in her ear.

"What I really want is YOU to cum over me," Jenny turned to face me. I hadn't put my shirt back on after the beach, but I still had my shorts. She slid her hands down and shoved them roughly down to the floor. She kneeled down and immediately sucked as much of my cock into her mouth as she could get. Jenny is super talented in the blow job department on any given day, but that day she was beyond masterful. My mind just disconnected. I don't remember how long she licked and sucked and stroked. She reached one hand around and grabbed an ass cheek to pull me forward at one point, and grabbed the base of my cock with her other hand. She must have been able to sense that I was close. She took me out of her mouth and squeezed the base while massaging my ass.

"Now I'm not the only one that's on display," Jenny rubbed up along my shaft and dipped her finger into the precum dripping from the end of my dick.

"I... what?" Was the best response I could muster.

"Look, there, just across the way," she shifted her head but did not stop rubbing me. The hand on my ass began to slide around, massaging as if she was going to put a finger in.

I looked out the window. On the opposite floor there was a man standing just at the edge of the shadows in his room. His clothes were piled on the floor where he stood. He was a little on the heavy side, but his cock was definitely proportional, fat and prominent as he stroked himself.

"He's been watching you. You're just as much an exhibitionist as I am." Jenny moved around behind me, keeping her strokes long and even.

"You're the one on display. Would you like to see others getting off to you?" Jenny's strokes increased their intensity. "I bet you can make him cum." She began to slide her hand up and down my cock faster and faster. My hips started to buck, and my knees got weak. She slid one of her fingers into my ass, pushing deep in just as her other hand pulled back and gripped the base of my cock extra tight. I came right then. I came more than I had ever before. It flew so far and so hard it spattered against the window. I was dizzy and wobbled a little as I stood there.

"Well now," Jenny paused to lick the head of my dick. "That seems to have been quite successful." She turned her head and glanced across at our admirer. It seemed that he had finished as well.

Jenny stood up and walked toward the bathroom. "I think we need a shower, then we'll see if we can get you all worked up again. We might get one more show out of this trip yet." She winked and beckoned me to follow. I followed, happier and more satisfied than I had ever been.


4
