Bad Luck Betty
by Humilatron 

Description:
Bad Luck Betty is exactly how she sounds. She's a clumsy girl who is not on the side of Lady Luck as she often finds herself in humiliating, unexpected, uninvoked scenarios. She's 21 years old. She has small boobs, a small butt, long light auburn hair and gray eyes as well as light freckles that dot her face. But what will her scenario be?

Part 1: Betty Goes Downtown

Betty Burns found herself riding the subway train in her brand new black pantsuit. She was ready for a great day downtown as she had a big presentation she was going to be delivering in front of the Board of Directors.

Underneath her pantsuit she wore her lucky pair of underwear which were bright pink and decorated in big sparkly red hearts she wore a matching pink bra that had tissue paper to pad the top.

She waited patiently as the train zipped down the track until it finally stopped at her station, she stepped out of the train, and as she did, the door shut behind her. Unfortunately for Betty, one her outfit was caught between the doors.

The jacket to her pantsuit got caught between the doors, and as the train takes off, zipping down the tracks, Betty's jacket rips off nowhere to be seen again. Betty squeals in surprise as this happens, but luckily that was the only thing that ripped off. Betty still had her white blouse. Betty decided that the jacket wasn't that big of a deal, and continued her way to her work heading down the tunnels and out up to the streets above.

Betty looks around and gasps.

Betty cries. "Oh no! I got off on the wrong stop! I'm all the way across town. I won't be able to make it if I walk!"

Betty starts marching in the direction of her work place hoping to find a solution that works. She spots a taxi and waves her hand to get it to stop. Luckily the taxi pulls over and she climbs in. "Hi, please get me to my office at 2000 P Street."

The taxi driver nods, and pulls out heading towards her building. Luckily, there isn't a whole lot of traffic and the taxi driver is able to make his way to her office in about 10 minutes. Betty gets out of the taxi in a hurry. "Hey! You've gotta pay!" The taxi driver yells out.

Betty turns around, and reaches into her purse and pulls out her wallet. She hands the taxi driver the money and then quickly shuts the door behind her. She starts to walk, but doesn't realize until the issue until it is too late.


Part 2

Caught in the door of the taxi, Betty's blouse rips off of her body. Betty shrieks as she's left with most of her top half exposed. She tries to yell for the taxi driver to stop, but he ignores her. Betty curses. "Oh no! What am I going to do? I need to get to that meeting in just a few minutes."

Betty thinks for a moment and then decides the meeting is too important to miss and rushes through the doors and up the stairs to the meeting room without a hitch. She enters the board room blushing red as the Board of Directors sit all around with an empty seat in the front. Betty reluctantly walks up front causing everyone to whistle in response.

Betty blushes wanting to get this meeting over with. She decides to sit down in her chair, but she doesn't realize an issue until it's too late.

Betty begins her presentation seated down at her chair as she pulls up her slides on the computer. "Welcome! Today I will be presenting my pitch for improving the company," Betty says. "My first proposition is a change in how we present our company as a whole.

Betty stands up to make a point, but as she does her pants rip off of her body as there is glue on her chair that made her pants stick to the seat of the chair. There Betty stands in just her underwear as she presents, but at first she doesn't realize what just happened as she makes motions to the screen. "It's important our company is seen as mature, productive, and professional."

Betty suddenly feels a breeze and also notices the stifling of laughs.

She looks down and realizes that she's standing in just her underwear. She squeals and blushes in embarrassment as she attempts to cover herself.

As she tries to cover herself, she also continues her presentation. But as she does, she drops the remote onto the ground. And as she reaches down for the remote, her underwear rips down the middle showing everyone her bare bottom. Betty blushes even more as she tries to cover herself. At this point everyone bursts out laughing.

Betty cries out. "Please stop looking!"

Her boss who has been watching this whole thing unfold decides to scold Betty. "Betty! Finish your presentation! We don't have time for these games!"


Part 3

Betty attempts to resume her presentation but she starts to sweat out of nerves, and as she does, the tissue paper in her bra starts to get wet and weighted. Her bra is also so tight that the extra weight doesn't help Betty out. Much to Betty's dismay and embarrassment, Betty's bra falls to the floor as the hooks that held them together fall apart. Betty is too caught up in her presentation to realize that her bare naked tiny breasts are on display.

And to finish her off, Betty's undies rip the rest of the way leaving her presenting in front of the Board of Directors completely naked.

Before Betty can notice her state of undress, the person sitting next to her, Gary, reaches down and grabs the clothes that have fallen on the floor, and he shoves them inside his jacket and hides them.

Betty continues to present fully nude as everyone snickers and laughs. Because of the breeze against Betty's nipples, they perk up making it even more embarrassing for her. Finally, as she reaches to scratch herself, she realizes that she's standing naked in front of the Board of Directors.

Betty is most unfortunate as she decided to shave this morning leaving her completely exposed. Betty screeches and covers herself. "Oh my god! I'm..naked! Oh God! No way!"

Everyone burst out laughing no longer holding it back as Betty attempts to hide her nudity.

"Betty! Finish your presentation! Stop these games this instant!" Her boss yells at her.

Betty comes back to her senses and attempts to move onto the final parts of her presentation. "In conclusion, I believe that using these methods, we can better improve the company."

Betty ends her presentation and moves to sit down on her chair, but as she does, one of the people sitting next to her, kicks the chair, causing Betty to fall onto her butt in surprise. "Oh my! Oh!!!"

Betty falls naked onto the floor as everyone looks at her laughing. Even her boss is holding back laughter. "Betty, I am disappointed in you," her boss says. "You have shown great immaturity despite your points that you've made in this presentation. In fact, you've done so bad that I have no choice in this matter. But to be sure that I am not the only one, let's hold a vote. Who here believes that Betty should be given a promotion?"

Nobody raises their hand causing Betty to want to cry.

"Who here believes that Betty should be fired?" Her boss asks.

This time, every single hand is raised. "I believe the decision is final, Betty, you're fired. You may leave now."

Betty's jaw drops. "Like this? But what about my clothes?"

"You can get your clothes if you can find them and put them on, but otherwise you are to leave as you are," her boss says.

Betty looks around for anything to help her.

Looking around, Betty can't find anything as she desperately tries to cover herself and looks for her clothes. "Also don't forget about the camera," her boss says with a smile as he points to the tripod in the back which is used to record all meetings.

Betty's eyes widen as she realizes the whole thing was caught on camera. "You're not going to show that to anyone, right?" She asked.

Her boss grinned. "Are you kidding? Everyone's going to be seeing this. I'll put it on Pornhub and it'll go viral. Now, get out of this office before I have security escort you out!"

Betty reluctantly walks out completely naked unable to find anything to help her. She does her best to cover herself as she exits the building. Then her eyes widen as she turns around realizing her mistake. She moves to re enter the building but gasps as the door is locked. Her purse was still in the meeting room inside and was just lying there for everyone to see. She prayed she didn't have anything too embarrassing in it.


Part 4

Her boss instantly spotted the purse on the table and grinned as he opened the purse and began pulling everything out and showing everyone there. He first pulled out the cosmetic bag which contained tampons, pads, wipes, and band aids. But he found something even better as he pulled out a package of baby wipes and showed them to everyone.

In reality, they were just used for cleaning any open wounds or helping clean bloody stains for that time of the month, but they were also the ultra soft and sensitive kind which everyone found amusing.

It didn't help that the next item he pulled out of her purse was diaper cream which her mom had given her for when she babysat her neighbor's kid who has bed wetting issues, and she had thrown in her purse not thinking to take it out later. Then if that wasn't embarrassing enough, her boss burst out laughing loudly as he pulled out a package of teenage diapers. Again also for when she was babysitting her neighbor's kid who often wet herself.

He then just dumped everything out onto the table. Letting everyone see everything inside her purse. He grabbed the phone which was one of the items from the purse. He turned it on, but it had a lock screen. He rummaged through the purse contents and grinned as he found the piece of paper that had Betty's passcode scribbled on it. He entered the number 432178. The phone unlocked giving him full access to everything.

He smiled as he showed everyone her phone and everything on it. They first went to her safari app and pulled up her search history.

They found all sorts of stuff including previous porn sites she had visited. They opened her photos and scrolled through her camera roll, and much to everyone's surprise there's a video about halfway through. Her boss puts the video onto the screen so that everyone can see.

Meanwhile Betty desperately tries to find a way back inside. She manages to get the door open and rushes back up the stairs.

She enters the room to find the contents of her purse poured out and a video of her on the screen playing. "Oh yes, Mr. Bear, touch me deep inside. MMM that feels so nice, Mr Bear. Oh Mr. Bear come meet Mrs. Bear right inside this cave of my bare pussy."

"No!" Betty yells out, as she rushes up to the screen. "Don't look! Don't watch that video, please. It's private!"

But before she can do anything, a couple of the guys grab her by the arms forcing her to watch her embarrassment unfold.

She gasps as she sees herself masturbating with her old ragged stuffed bear. Everyone laughs as the video continues to play. She blushes as she sees herself turn over and with her butt facing the screen, she spreads her cheeks wide and yells. "Or how about you explore this cave, Mr. Bear?"

She cries as she sees herself push the head of the bear into her butt. "Oh my!" She squeals. "Yes, Mr. Bear."

Then to add her embarrassment, she attempts to pull the bear head out of her butt. "Oh my God. It...it's stuck! No no no! Mr. Bear, please come out, oh my god!"

She let's go of the bear and shakes her butt trying to get the bear out. "Oh God! Come out, Mr Bear. Please. No no no!"

Everyone laughs as the body of the ragged old bear shakes while the rest of it is stuck up Betty's ass. "No no no. Oh what am I going to do."

A door in the background can be seen opening up. "Mom! No! Don't come in! Please!"

But her mom walks in and sees Betty lying there. "Betty what the hell are you doing?"

Betty cries. "It's stuck! Please help me, mommy."

Her mom approaches and with her butt facing the camera, her mom yanks the bear as hard as she can. The head of the bear pops our. But leaves quite the view for the camera.

Betty watches completely embarrassed that her colleagues, her boss, everyone was seeing this private video. She thought she had deleted it, but obviously not as it finally ended as her mom stopped the recording.

The guys finally let her go as she stood there embarrassed. "Betty, I thought I told you to leave the building," her boss says.

Betty nods. "I was leaving, I swear. But I realized I left my purse behind and came back to get it. My keys are in there."

Her boss looks at her and laughs. "You silly girl, this stuff is company property now. You're not getting any of this back. You're the one who left it behind and therefore it's now considered a gift to the company on your behalf."

Betty's eyes widens. "No, please. Please let me have my keys at the very least. I don't have a spare!"

Her boss laughs. "I guess you'll be stuck outside as you are, but I don't care. You either leave now or you'll be escorted out. Either way you're leaving as you are without your purse."


Part 5

Betty didn’t know what to do as she stood naked. She desperately wanted her purse, but then two guys grabbed her by the arms and pulled her out the door and throwing her out. One guy, seemed to be a bit merciful, though as he tossed her her phone. “That’s all you’re getting now go and don’t come back.”

They made sure all the doors were locked this time as Betty found herself stranded outside.

She opened her phone and typed in her passcode. It said it was wrong. She cursed realizing they must have changed it. She had tried another passcode, wrong again. Her face paled as the dreaded “Locked out for 60 minutes” thing showed up. Which rendered her phone basically useless for the next hour.

She looked around for something that could possibly help her in some way. She shivered from the wind as it blew against her skin as she used her hands to try and cover her body parts.

Betty wandered in the direction of her home, praying maybe nobody would see her. She had no money, so she couldn’t hail a cab. She also didn’t have her pass for the subway that allowed her to take the train. And she definitely did not want to in her state of dress. She didn’t know how long it would really take for her to walk all the way home, knowing she would have to take the highway and hope that she wouldn’t have too much of an issue. Nonetheless, she couldn’t she wait as that would only prolong her embarrassment.

As Betty made her way down the road, she saw a car pull over to the side and the window rolled down. “Hey, what are you doing wandering naked all by yourself?”

“I... I’m heading home,” Betty said. “I had a bit of an accident-“

“Come, let me take you home,” she said. “Get in the passenger’s seat.”

Betty nodded not really having a choice and walked around to the passenger’s seat. The woman put down a towel over the seat and Betty sat down on it, buckling her seatbelt.

“Where do you live?” She asked.

Betty told her her address and she started driving.

“What’s your name?” She asked.

“Betty,” Betty answered.

“I’m Margaret,” she said. “How many times do you have accidents like this?”

“Almost every day,” Betty frowned. “Sometimes multiple times a day.”

“I see,” Margaret said. “You should really be more careful, Betty.”

“I try, but it just always takes me by surprise,” Betty said.

“Well, I can help you avoid further accidents,” Margaret said. “I’ll take you to my house instead.”

“Thank you,” Betty said.

“So where are your parents?” Margaret said.

“They’re not around anymore,” Betty said.

“Oh you poor thing,” Margaret said. “Well, I’ll help you with all of that. Maybe that’s why you have all those accidents of yours.”

“It’s always been like this though,” Betty said.

“Don’t you worry, I have everything you’ll need at my home. I’ll get everything you need to fix your problems,” Margaret smiled.

As she said that, they pulled into the driveway of a house.


Part 6

Betty was led into Margaret’s house. For a moment, Margaret disappeared, leaving Betty standing there, but then she came back and grabbed Betty’s hand. “Come on, let’s get you cleaned up, you’re a mess.”

Betty nodded as she followed Margaret into the bathroom and saw that the bathtub was filled with water. Betty was made to step into it and the warm water felt nice against her skin after wandering naked in the cold.

Margaret sat down on a plastic chair next to the tub and grabbed a washcloth and soap. Betty recognized the scent as a Strawberry Suave Kids soap and her eyes widened. “W-wait, I can do this myself,” she said. “And can’t I use regular soap?”

“I only use bars of soap for myself, so no, you can’t use it. And I understand you probably clean yourself often, but I want to make sure you get properly cleaned. Besides this is my house and I’m not going to let you wash yourself on your own without me. I don’t want one of your accidents to happen in my bathroom either,” Margaret said. “So I’ll just do it myself.”

Betty nodded as she let Margaret scrub her body with the wash cloth. Margaret was certainly thorough as she scrubbed her chest and back, having her lift her arms as she scrubbed under her pits and down the length of her arms. Margaret used the shower head nozzle and washed off the soap from Betty’s body. “Thank you for this,” Betty said.

“You’re welcome,” Margaret said. “Now stand up I need to wash your lower half.”

Betty reluctantly stood up as Margaret scrubbed her bottom and crotch. She really spent time focused on her crotch and dug into her butthole as she did Betty noticed her few hairs started falling out. Her eyes widened. “H-hey!”

“Oh, don’t worry. I just wanted to use some hair removal to get you nice and bare. It’s much more hygienic,” Margaret said. “Especially if you keep having your accidents so regularly.”

Betty sighed and whimpered as she watched her practically hairless crotch become absolutely bald. Her sign of maturity vanished as Margaret continued to scrub. Any armpit, arm hair, leg hair, and pubic hair she might’ve had was now floating in the tub as Margaret washed her clean. Margaret finished by scrubbing face wash onto Betty’s face and shampoo into her hair and then washing that off too.

“Okay time to get you dried off now,” she said. “I have your outfit all ready in the bedroom.”

“Thank you,” Betty said as she climbed out of the tub while Margaret helped her dry off with a pink towel.

She was then led into the bedroom.

“Okay,” Margaret said. “Lay down on the bed on your back.”

A big blanket laid across the bed and Betty laid down onto it. Margaret then reached and grabbed something from the closet and pulled out one. Betty heard a strange plastic crinkle but thought nothing of it until she felt her bottom get lifted up as Margaret pulled her legs back and lowered her down onto the strange material. Then Betty’s eyes widened. “W-wait! I don’t need those!”

“Of course you do,” Margaret said. “You told me you had accidents everyday, sometimes multiple times a day. I can’t have you wetting yourself or worse when you’re in my house.”

“N-no!” Betty cried. “I don’t have accidents like that! I meant I had... accidents like losing my clothes. I’ve never wet myself! I swear!”

“I don’t believe you, Betty,” Margaret said. “Maybe you can prove yourself by not wetting yourself. You can let me know when you need to use the potty, and I’ll let you use the training potty that I have.”

“W-wait. But I’m gonna go home right?” Betty asked.

“You’re not going home. With no parents to watch over you, I have to be a good person and watch over you,” Margaret said. “I can’t let a kid like you wander naked on the streets.”

“Kid?” Betty cried. “No, I’m an adult! I’m 21!”

“Really? Where’s your ID?” Margaret asked.

Betty frowned. “The job I worked for took it,” she said. “They took everything. Please, I’m sorry for the misunderstanding, but I don’t need to wear diapers and I’m not just some kid. Please, I’m sorry, but don’t make me wear a diaper. I swear I don’t need them. My parents are alive also! I just meant they’re not around town anymore. They moved away!”

Margaret sighed. For some reason she believed what Betty was telling her was true. She helped Betty off of the bed and said. “So you really lose your clothes like that everyday?”

Betty blushed. “I don’t mean to, but yes. I am prone to strange embarrassing accidents. Sometimes it’s just ripping my pants. Sometimes I lose my pants. Other times I lose my clothes entirely. I... don’t know why it happens. It just does.”

“I see,” Margaret said. “I’m sorry for the misunderstanding. I thought you were saying that you had accidents a lot as in wetting yourself. I suppose now that I think about it, it makes much more sense now. So what exactly happened today?”

Betty recounted everything that happened previously. Margaret’s eyes narrowed with anger. “Those men did what to you?!” She yelled. “That’s terrible! Come on, I’m going to go back there and make them give you your stuff back!”

“Wait!” Betty cried. “I don’t have clothes!”

“Oh...right,” Margaret said. “Hmmm.”

Margaret went through her closet and pulled out a long sleeve shirt, a camisole, an old pair of panties, and pants. She gave them to Betty and she put them on. “Try not to lose those, please,” Margaret said.

Betty blushed but nodded. “I’ll try.”

“Now come on, I need to give those men a piece of my mind,” she said as she grabbed her car keys and purse and stormed out of the house.

Betty quickly followed and climbed into the car. Margaret drove down the road, towards Betty’s former workplace. She seemed to have a fire in her eyes as she drove. She pulled up to the side and stepped out of the car. “Are you coming with me or staying in the car? I understand if you don’t want to come in.”
