Gullible Danielle
byNudiebooty24©

Gullible Danielle Pt. 01

Danielle was a quiet girl. She was very shy, although you might not know it from her reputation. Danielle was also not very bright. She did ok in her classes, however she could be quite ditzy sometimes. And she was very gullible. She often ended up on the receiving end of many "pranks".

However, one day in particular Danielle was at Katie's house for a pool party. Katie and her friends liked hanging out with Danielle because she was so easy to manipulate and they liked to humiliate her.

It was late in the afternoon, and all the girls were relaxing by the pool. Katie and all the other girls slowly started to strip their shorts and t-shirts off to reveal bikinis underneath their clothes, however Danielle didn't get the memo.

After everyone was in the pool but Danielle. Katie asked, "Why aren't you swimming with us Danielle? Too good for the pool?"

Danielle replied quickly, "Of course not Katie, it's just that.."

"Just What?" Katie asked.

"Well I didn't bring a swim suit." Danielle looked down feeling silly. She hadn't even thought of it.

"Well this is a pool party. Just go in your underwear Danielle. It's just us girls here, and we won't mind. Will we girls?" Katie inquired to the girls who all nodded in confirmation.

Everyone but Danielle was now fully aware that someone was going to be ending the day in an embarrassing situation.

Katie liked seeing Danielle in these types of situations. Sometimes Katie would plan to trick Danielle into losing her clothes and dignity in front of as many people as possible, but more often than not opportunities like this would fall into her lap. Katie would usually just give Danielle that little push she needed.

Danielle slowly stripped off her jean shorts down her long toned legs revealing plain white panties. Danielle wasn't a very athletic girl but her body was a sight to see. And today, it was going to be seen. Danielle felt somewhat naughty taking her clothes off outside. Especially because it was still bright out, and there wasn't a fence blocking her from view of the neighbours. However, the girls encouraged Danielle to not worry. She then lifted her shirt to reveal a beautiful tight tummy and perky C-cup breasts hidden behind a plain white bra.

Danielle was shy at first, but once she jumped into the pool she felt much more comfortable. Soon enough Danielle was splashing around and laughing with the girls. Her laughter subsided however, when she realized that her soaking underwear was now completely see through. Her perky ass was now in plain view. The fabric was clinging to her perfectly clean shaven slit, and her tiny pink nipples were also making an appearance. She jumped out of the pool quickly.

"Oh no Katie, what do I Do?" She asked nervously motioning to her exposed privates.

"Oh don't bother trying to cover up," Katie said in a matter of fact tone. "Just strip it all off. I'll take care of it." Katie said as she was getting out of the pool.

Danielle sheepishly followed Katie's instructions and put her thumbs in her waistband, closed her eyes, and brought them to the floor in one swift motion. Danielle then unhooked the bra strap and let it fall to the floor in front of her and stood there motionless. As naked as the day she was born. Her perfectly round breasts stood at attention glistening in the sun exposed to the world. The cool air made Danielle shiver.

"You just wait right here while I bring your clothes to the dryer," Katie said as she walked into the house.

Katie had also picked up Danielle's shorts and t-shirt leaving nothing for Danielle to cover up with.

Danielle felt so silly standing there naked in front of all her friends... again! She just stared at the ground until one of the girls called for her to come back in the pool.

"Well you're already naked, what's the use in drying off now?" One of the girls reasoned.

"Well.. I mean... I guess that makes sense," Danielle thought.

She slowly walked into the pool. Her body felt more sensitive now. Danielle stayed hidden by the side of the pool, trying to cover herself with her hands. Finally, Katie returned to pool with an inflated beach ball. After only a few seconds of playing with the ball Katie "accidentally" hit the ball far out of the pool.

"Danielle could you get the ball for us?" Katie whimpered in her most innocent tone.

"But Katie!" Danielle yelled in a hushed tone, "I'm... naked!"

"Well you are the closest, and you are a guest at my house, and I'm drying your clothes that you got wet! But fine I guess I'll get the ball too!" Katie growled.

But Danielle stopped her "I'll get it," she sighed, after all Katie was helping her so much.

Danielle slowly got out the pool using the ladder giving everyone a long look at her tight little ass. She tip toed over to the big beach ball and used it to cover up as she brought it back.

However after only a few more seconds of play the ball went right out of the pool again. Danielle went to get it again very slowly and cautiously. However, by the fifth time in two minutes Danielle seemed to forget she was nude. In fact, she didn't even go back into the pool when she brought the ball back now. She just sat on the side of the pool with her feet in the water waiting for the ball to get hit out again. It was like she was playing fetch.

Katie hit the ball out again, but this time she hit it much farther. It went past the backyard all the way to the side of the house. Danielle mindlessly got up to go get it. Twirling her hair as she swayed her hips and her boobs bounced freely. She finally got to the ball and was now in full view of the street.

A car full of boys from school drove by and honked. Danielle waved and smiled at the boys. "That's odd," she thought. "I don't even know those boys that well."

She bent down to get the ball and picked it up. Then she happily pranced back to the pool. Poking her ass out, breast swaying in the open, and without a care in the world.

It was not rare for Danielle to forget she was naked. In fact, most times she wouldn't even notice unless someone told her.

Danielle finally got back to the pool with the beach ball when Katie asked, "Danielle, what took you so long to get to the ball?"

"Oh that was just some boys from school," she giggled. "I don't know why they honked and waved, I barely even know them."

And with that comment Katie and her friends knew it was time for more fun. Danielle had forgotten her vulnerable state and it was their duty to take advantage of her. After all Danielle liked the extra attention... at least up until she found out why she was getting it. And besides, it was all in good fun.

"Hey girls!" Katie announced, "Let's take a group photo!" All the girls got out of the pool as Katie set her phone camera on a timer and positioned it. "Here Danielle, hold the beach ball high up for the picture, and stand front and center!"

Danielle did as she was told and held the beach ball high above her head as the camera snapped.

Danielle stood proud with a smile and her perfect breasts on display and a cleanly shaven pussy in all its glory. Surrounded by her clothed smiling friends, it was a great picture to commemorate the pool party.

Katie wouldn't let Danielle see the picture just in case Danielle would realize she's naked, and Katie wasn't quite done yet.

"I'm quite thirsty ladies, why don't we go to the convenience store and buy some drinks?" Katie suggested. The girls all agreed including Danielle.

It wasn't much of a walk to the store but it was very entertaining. Danielle led the way in her own little world. At some points she skipped or waved to the cars passing by who honked.

"Everyone is being so nice today." Danielle remarked to the giggling group of girls behind her. At one point she bent over to pick up a penny and almost caused an accident.

When they finally got to the store the cashier was speechless, but all the girls got their drinks and headed to the register. Danielle was first and the cashier slowly scanned the item and stumbling over his own words managed to get out, "That will be $1.25 miss."

"Oh no I forgot my wa...." Danielle trailed off as she realized. She was stark naked in public. She bolted from the store leaving behind her drink and her very amused friends.

Her perky breasts bounced up and down and her tight little ass swayed in the wind as Danielle ran down the crowded street as naked as the day she was born.


Gullible Danielle Pt. 02

Danielle woke up smiling "What a beautiful day for a run" she thought.

Katie had promised she would take Danielle to work out today, and Danielle was excited. She took a quick shower and threw on a sweat shirt and basketball shorts.

Danielle didn't have many work out clothes and these were the only things she didn't mind getting sweaty. It was hard to believe Danielle didn't go to the gym much because her body said otherwise. She had a flat stomach and toned legs that led up to her perfectly shaped ass. Not to mention her perky breasts that always seemed to stand at attention.

Danielle was nervous about running with Katie. She was afraid she wouldn't be able to keep up. "Hmmm" Danielle said to herself, "The last time I ran was because I realized I was..." Danielle trailed off as she heard a knock at the door.

"Good morning Katie!" Danielle said with a grin.

"Good morning!" Katie replied back, "Is this what you're wearing on our run?" Katie asked with a concerned look on her face.

"Yeah, is that okay?"

"Danielle! It's like 90 degrees out!" Katie scolded, "This will never do, but lucky for you I brought an extra set of clothes that don't fit me anymore. Now, change into these."

Katie tossed one of her sports bras to Danielle along with a pair of white spandex shorts.

"Oh thank you so much!" Danielle said as she started stripping until nothing was left but her sneakers and her underwear. Danielle started to put the shorts on when Katie stopped her.

"Those shorts aren't meant to be worn with underwear silly," Katie giggled. "Neither is the sports bra."

"Oh ok," Danielle nodded as she started stripping even further. The window in the room was wide open but Danielle didn't seem to notice. When Danielle was finally down to just her shoes, she started to put on the white spandex shorts but she was having difficulty. Since they were Katie's old shorts they were very tight on Danielle because of her large ass.

After finally getting them on Katie asked, "Do they fit Well?"

"They feel a little tight."

"Don't worry, that's how they're supposed to feel," Katie assured.

The sports bra was no different than the shorts. Danielle's cleavage was pouring out from all sides and it didn't even reach the bottom of Danielle's breasts.

"Ok let's do some stretching before we get into the run," Katie suggested. "Now bend down and touch your toes."

Katie stood over Danielle as if to check her form, "Good, good, now let me just fix your shorts a bit," Katie said as she grabbed the waistband and pulled it up even higher than before.

The shorts now resembled a thong more than workout attire.

"Ok perfect, now let's go!" Katie exclaimed as she led Danielle out of the house.

The jog started off slow. Katie wanted to give any passers by a good look at her scantily clad friend. Katie cut through a crowded park that had a bunch a high school boys playing basket ball. The boys all stopped playing and enjoyed the view. Danielle's boobs were just barely covered by a tight white fabric and they were close to popping right out. But as the girls passed the boys that's when they saw Danielle's asschecks with no obstruction. There were some cheers from the boys that Danielle just assumed were about something else.

After quite a bit of running Katie led Danielle back to her house.

"Lets grab some water and catch our breath," Katie sighed as she opened the door.

"Hi ladies!" Nick greeted the girls as they walked in the house. Nick was Katie's younger brother who had a crush on Danielle.

"Hi Nick!" Danielle said with a smile.

Katie handed Danielle a water bottle as Nick looked her up and down. Her ass looked amazing glistening with sweat.

"Ok Danielle I think that's enough of a workout for today, I'm gonna take a shower."

"Ok that's a good idea, I should go home and shower too," Danielle said as she was making her way towards the door.

"Oh and don't forget to leave my clothes here. I don't want you stealing them."

"But Katie," Danielle explained "Can't I give you these clothes back later? I mean if I give them to you now I'll have to walk home naked!"

Danielle was confident that Katie would understand, but Katie did not seem to care.

"Sorry Danielle, you should have thought about that earlier. Now when I get out the shower those clothes better be in my hamper. Understand?"

Danielle was so angry at herself. She should have brought an extra pair of clothes. She felt so silly.

"You know, I might be able to convince Katie to let you borrow something else to wear," Nick suggested.

"Oh really Nick? Do you think you could do that for me?" Danielle smiled and hugged Nick in excitement.

"Well of course! What are friends for?" Nick reassured Danielle.

"But maybe you could help me with something too," Nick said.

"Anything you need!" Danielle exclaimed.

Nick now had Danielle's full attention.

"Ok just close your eyes and take off Katie's clothes," Nick ordered.

"Ooh kinda like a surprise! I like surprises!" She said, "But do I have to get naked?" Danielle pouted.

"Would you rather be naked here or on your walk home?" Nick asked in a condescending manner.

Danielle gulped and slowly pulled the top over her head. Her magnificent globes were now exposed and her tiny pink nipples stood erect.

Nick motioned his eyes to the shorts. Danielle squirmed to get out of the tight fit but finally they fell to the floor. She kicked them to the side with her hands at her side. Nick walked around her slowly. Inspecting her hairless slit and shapely ass which seemed way too big to be on a girl her size.

"Okay good, now on your knees," Nick ordered as he lowered his shorts revealing a rock hard erection.

Danielle submitted as she knew what was coming next. She didn't mind however. As long as it meant she wouldn't have a humiliating walk home. Danielle opened her mouth wide to accept Nick's manhood.

Danielle bobbed up and down on it first. She enjoyed the cute little moans Nick let out and was happy that she could pleasure him. She slid her mouth off his long shaft and started sucking his balls while jacking him off. She would occasionally run her finger slowly along his taint causing Nick's legs to shake.

Danielle put her mouth on his dick again and he started face fucking her. As she felt the pressure building she took his cock out of her mouth and Nick pointed it at her face as she smiled in anticipation.

Long ropes of cum came out of his penis and covered Danielle's face.

"WHAT THE FUCK!?!" Katie screamed as she walked in the room.

"Oh my gosh Katie I'm so sorry it's just that... I... I..." Danielle scrambled to explain.

"Danielle we will talk about this tomorrow. Right now you need to go home." Katie said firmly.

Danielle apologized and quickly ran out the door.

"Wow, that was embarrassing!" Danielle thought as she walked down the street, "I hope Katie doesn't tell anybody that she caught me giving her brother a blowjob. That would be so embarrassing!"

So Danielle headed down the crowded street towards her house. Completely naked and her face dripping with cum.


Gullible Danielle Pt. 03

"You'd make the perfect angel Danielle! Just try it on," Katie encouraged.

"It looks kinda silly," Danielle replied.

"Well duh! You're not supposed to wear underwear with it."

"Isn't that... well... kinda slutty?" Danielle asked hesitantly.

"Well on a normal day, yes. But, on Halloween the normal rules don't apply," Katie said.

"I guess you're right," Danielle agreed.

Danielle's bra and panties now lay on her bedroom floor as she made her way out into the living room. "How do I look?" Danielle asked.

"You look great!" Katie replied with a devilish grin.

Katie was wearing tight leather shorts and black heels, which made her legs look even longer and more toned than usual. The top part of her costume consisted of a black and red laced bra that had tiny black wings on the back. This left Katie's tummy bare, and ample cleavage on display.

Danielle was wearing a plain white sheer dress that left nothing to the imagination. It was tight around bossom and buttocks, leaving her nipples on full display as they poked out of the thin material. Her tight ass was completely visable to anyone who bothered to look at it for more than a second. This dress was intended to be a nightgown worn with a bra and panties, but Danielle didn't know that.

"You make a great angel," Katie complimented.

"Well you make a beautiful demon" Danielle giggled.

The two girls walked out of the door into the crowded suburban streets, filled with tricker-or-treaters. Katie's ass cheeks were clearly visable from behind, but Danielle's outfit kept all the attention as they walked down the street.

Danielle and Katie arrived at the party. Everyone was dressed up and drinking and Danielle was relieved to see that all the other girls were dressed quite slutty as well.

"You were right Katie. The rules are different on Halloween," Danielle mentioned

"Of course they are! Here have a shot." Katie handed Danielle a shot of vodka.

Danielle wasn't much of a drinker but she thought that one shot wouldn't hurt. It burned going down but it made Danielle feel good. It calmed her worries about her costume and let her just forget about what she was wearing and enjoy the party.

Danielle felt loose and free and made her way around the room talking to friends. She didn't even notice the stares she was getting, but even if she did she wouldn't mind. Danielle had never felt this confident and relaxed.

Danielle grabbed another shot and it went down a lot easier this time. Danielle felt unstoppable. Tonight was her night. She did sway a bit when she walked, but it was a party after all.

"Katie!" Danielle called out, "Lets grab another shot!"

"This is a new side of you Danielle, I like it," Katie smiled.

Katie handed Danielle another shot and she downed it quickly.

"Here's the chaser," Katie said as she handed Danielle a small cup of juice.

Danielle put the cup to her lips but to her surprise there was a bit more juice in the cup than she expected. Juice poured all down her lovely dress making it even more see through than before.

"Oh no! My costume is ruined!" Danielle pouted.

"Don't worry Danielle, I'm sure there is a dryer somewhere in this house."

"That's a great idea!" Danielle replied as she grabbed the bottom of her dress and pulled it over her head.

Katie was a bit taken aback, however she realized that a tipsy Danielle might be even more unaware of her nude state than normal.

"Here let me take that to the laundry and you just enjoy the party," Katie said.

"Oh thank you so much Katie!" Danielle said as she hugged Katie.

Danielle wondered around the party confidently, completely unaware of her nude state. She still had white shoes and the face of an angel, but everyone at the party just saw the body of a goddess. Her curly hair rested on her shoulders and her breasts swayed gently from left to right as she walked. Her plump ass bounced with every step she took and needless to say, she was the life of the party.

"Hey Danielle!" One of the boys yelled, "Wanna give it a go?"

The boy was pointing to a large barrel filled with water and Apple's. Danielle rushed over, exited to be part of the game.

"How does it work?" Danielle asked.

"Just stick your head into the barrel and without using your hands, grab an apple and pull it out." The boy explained.

"This sounds fun!" Danielle cheered as she stepped up.

Danielle was quite short, however, so the barrel was a bit too high for her to reach. But, with Danielle's new found confidence she jumped up dunked her whole torso into the water, resting her hips on the edge of the barrel. This pose left Danielle's backside on complete display for the entire party.

Danielle might have heard the cheers of the party if she wasn't submerged in water trying to get an apple in her mouth. She might have also noticed the flashes from cameras as people lined up to get their picture taken with one of the nicest assess they've ever seen on public display, had she not been so focused on her objective.

Danielle finally got hold of an apple and brought it to the surface. She jumped off of the barrel and planted her feet firmly on the ground as she turned to the crowd that had gathered. Danielle was soaking wet and her nipples stood out because of the cold fall breeze. The crowd cheered and she felt like the king of the world.

Danielle walked around the party for a bit longer making idle conversation until she saw Katie.

"Hey Katie, do you know where the bathroom Is?"

"It's right this way," Katie said as she led Danielle to the bathroom.

Danielle walked into the bathroom and examined herself in the mirror. She made sure her makeup wasn't too messed up after bobbing for Apple's and then fixed her hair a bit. She was just about to leave and then she noticed a full body mirror on the door. She looked at herself for a moment and then turned her body to get a good look at her booty.

"I look good tonight," she thought until she realized "OH MY GOD! I'm naked!"

Danielle went to grab the doorknob but realized that she couldn't go out the front door. There were too many witnesses. She paced back and forth until she noticed the small window over the bathtub.

Danielle slowly made her way towards the window and peeked out. She was only on the first floor so it wasn't much of a drop. The window was a bit too high for Danielle to easily exit, but she was determined.

Danielle opened the window and carefully pulled herself up and halfway out the window until she got stuck. The window was too narrow for her hips to slide through. This left her in a precarious situation with her ass displayed in the bathroom and her boobs exposed to the world. She wiggled vigorously until she finally broke free and fell tumbling onto the ground.

This attracted the attention of two boys smoking in the backyard, Charlie and Troy.

Troy approached slowly and asked "Hey, are you alright?"

Danielle was a bit shaken up from the fall and managed to say "Umm.. Oh yeah, I'm fine. I should probably just walk it off."

"I don't know, that looked like a nasty fall, maybe we should take a look," Charlie interjected.

"Here just stand up straight for us," Troy suggested.

Danielle did as she was told and was starting to get nervous that maybe she had hurt herself. She didn't feel too bad, but Charlie and Troy seemed to know what they were doing.

"Now bend over and touch your toes," Troy commanded.

Danielle complied immediately.

"Hmmmm..." Troy said as he examined Danielle's ass "How does this feel?"

Troy groped Danielle's bare ass in the backyard confidently, making sure to slide his finger just slightly into her pussy.

"Ooaahh," Danielle moaned quietly, "That feels... nice,"

"That's good Danielle, that means it's working," Charlie said as he took her breasts in his hand.

Troy started going to work on Danielle's pussy now, which was getting wetter by the moment.

Danielle was definitely forgetting about any pain she had from the fall and getting wrapped up in the moment. She had already completely forgotten where she was, and was letting herself get lost in bliss.

"Okay Danielle, were just gonna run a few more tests to make sure you're okay," Troy said. "So just relax your body."

Danielle felt Troy's hands lead her to the ground. She was now on her hands and knees and she felt the cool grass touch her body. The autumn breeze teased her nipples and she felt as if she was about to explode.

Danielle felt something warm press up against her clitoris, and brush up and down slowly. It finally stopped at her pussy and slowly pushed in, only a little at first. This made Danielle slowly push back against it letting go deeper and deeper. She heard Troy let out a quiet gasp and felt his hands grab her hips tightly. Danielle was in such a state of animal like pleasure that she didn't even notice the backyard lights switch on.

Danielle then felt a hand grab her hair and something warm and hard touched her lips. Danielle opened her mouth to receive Charlie's manhood. She slurped up and down on Charlie's shaft while Troy pounded hard on her ass. Danielle was getting chills throughout her body as she matched the boys rhythm, going back and forth for what seemed like hours.

The momentum was building and Danielle's moans were getting louder and louder despite the cock that was now deep in her throat. Charlie pulled out first and sprayed cum all over Danielle's angelic face.

Danielle had forgotten what day it was, where she was and what she was wearing, but all she knew was that she was nearing climax. She backed into Troy harder and harder letting out screams of pleasure until she finally froze in ecstasy and let out an ear piercing scream that was fit for a Halloween night.

Danielle was left twitching on the ground, breathing heavily into the grass beneath her as she felt Troy finish inside of her. As he pulled out, she felt a wave of relief followed by a loud sound coming from her left.

Danielle picked her head up and turned to see the entire party gathered watching her and cheering. Danielle was truly a sight to see. Completely naked, face dripping with cum, and ass pointed in the air.

It took her a moment to realize her shame, but when she did she was mortified. Danielle took off running in the opposite direction, not aware of where she was going. She just knew that she had to get away from all the people.

She ran towards the street as fast as she could, giving everyone a good show as she left. Danielle's cute white ass bouncing up and down and slowly fading from sight.

Danielle eventually got home, after a long run, and many encounters with very confused and excited trick or treaters. Danielle walked to her bed and collapsed.

"Well that was a pretty fun night... at least it wasn't as bad as last Halloween," she thought to herself before drifting off.


Gullible Danielle Pt. 04

"What a beautiful day" Danielle thought to herself as she set her towel down by the pool.

It was the first really hot day of the year and Katie invited Danielle for a tanning session at her pool.

"Thanks for coming Danielle," Katie said.

"It's so nice to just have a lazy day and get some sun."

"Yeah, and a perfect day to show off my new bikini!" Danielle exclaimed as she removed her shirt and shorts.

Danielle revealed a cute pink top that showed off quite a bit of cleavage and a matching pair of bottoms that was more conservative.

"What do you think?" Danielle asked.

"I think it looks great Danielle," Katie smiled as she removed her shirt to reveal a one piece suit that left nothing to the imagination.

Katie's suit was nothing more than a black string that disappeared into her tight toned ass and got a little thick around a few areas to keep her nipples and cleanly shaven slit hidden (just barely).

"Wow Katie, that looks amazing!" Danielle spoke in awe, "but don't you think it's a bit revealing?"

"Well of course it is, but today is about getting a tan" Katie stated matter of factly. "Besides, there are no boys here, why be modest?"

Katie was right, it was just her and katie alone in the backyard. The fence did provide plenty of privacy and they weren't expecting anybody to drop by. They had the house to themselves..

Danielle and Katie laid on their stomachs, talking about boys from school and what they needed to go shopping for when Katie sat up quickly.

"Silly me," Katie said "I forgot to put on tanning oil."

"Me too!" Danielle realized.

"Well I have plenty for the both of us," Katie said as she reached into her bag.

"Let me get you first," Katie generously offered.

Then an idea popped into Katie's head that made her smile.

"Hey Danielle," Katie smirked "You're not going to tan like that are You?"

"What do you mean?" Danielle asked innocently.

"Well if you wear that you'll get bad tan lines," Katie scolded. "You don't want a pale white butt now, do You?"

"I guess not," Danielle pouted. "But this is my only swimsuit!"

"Well I guess you'll just have to go with out!"

"Hmmmm..." Danielle bit her lip while thinking. "I'm not sure about this"

"Don't worry Danielle, it's just us out here"

"Yeah... I guess you're right. Besides, it's not like you haven't seen me naked before," Danielle giggled.

"Me and everyone else you know," Katie whispered under her breath.

Danielle started to undo her top, but Katie sensed some hesitation.

"If it makes you feel any better, I'll do it too," Katie comforted as she lifted the flimsy strings on her shoulders and let them fall to the ground. "Not like it was covering much anyway."

Danielle couldn't help but stare. It's not like much was hidden before, but the idea of Katie being naked in front of her felt so vulnerable. Katie's perky breast now seemed so much more perky with nothing to cover them. Her tiny pink nipples pointed straight out and looked so cute in the sunlight. Danielle's eyes darted to Katie's clean slit. She didn't mean to stare but she couldn't help it. Katie's white skin made her shine now that it was all out in the open.

"Now your turn," Katie motioned to Danielle, starting to sense the feeling of eyes on her.

"So this is what it feels like," Katie thought to herself.

Danielle complied and reached behind her to unhook her top. It seemed to slip right off leaving Danielle's magnificent globes to greet the world.

"Keep going," Katie pestered, pointing to Danielle's bottoms.

"Oh right!" Danielle blurted out.

Danielle hooked her thumbs in the sides of her bottoms and slid them right off. It seemed to come off much faster than usual.

"Ok, now turn around," Katie ordered. "I have to get your back."

Danielle obeyed quickly and faced the fence.

Katie applied a generous amount of sun tan oil to her hands and got to work. She started with Danielle's neck and slowly worked her way down to her shoulders, making sure to massage deeply as she worked her way down. Danielle let out a deep sigh as Katie got to the small of her back. Katie was in uncharted territory, she'd never done something like this before, but she certainly liked it.

Katie reached Danielle's plump tight booty and couldn't help herself. She rubbed it slowly, spreading Danielle's cheeks apart and squeezing tightly. Danielle was in heaven.

As Katie finished up on Danielle's legs she ordered her "Ok, now flip over."

Danielle did as she was asked, but then the doorbell rang.

"Who could that be?" Katie said quite annoyed.

Katie put her shirt back on and walked to the door.

"Hey Katie, I forgot my key" said Katie's mom as she walked in.

"Oh, hi mom!" Katie said, surprised.

Katies mother, Mrs. Masters, walked towards the kitchen counter to grab her house keys. He high heels clicked as she walked the marble floor.

Mrs. Masters kept in shape and clung to her youthful days. She wore a short black dress, that was skin tight. In the right light, you could easily see that Mrs. Masters was going commando.

Mrs. Masters reached for her keys and stopped in her tracks, "Oh..." she said with a smirk as she raised her eyebrow.

"Who is that by the pool?" Mrs. Masters asked.

"That's my friend from school mom" Katie groaned, "Please just go."

"Well I think I should meet her sweetie. You never let me meet your little friends" Mrs. Masters chuckled.

"Please Mom"

"Yoohoo!" Mrs. Masters called out.

Danielle sat upright quickly and met eyes with Mrs. Masters.

"Hello!" Danielle shouted back with a smile.

She quickly got up from her chair, still glistening from the tanning lotion, and approached the door.

Each step Danielle took, Mrs. Masters watched with excitement, just waiting for Danielle to reach the door.

"Come in honey" Mrs. Masters smiled as she opened the door.

"Hi, Mrs. Masters, I'm Danielle"

"Well aren't you darling" Mrs. Masters said as she examined Danielle's youthful naked body standing right in front of her. Her perky breasts stood at attention, while her plump ass poked out from behind her.

Danielle was smiling, happy to meet her friends mother, completely unaware of her nude state.

"Why don't we get some food for you two? You must be very hungry" Mrs. Masters said to the girls.

Katie was worried that her mother would put a stop to her fun, but she was starting to like where her mother was going with this.

"That sounds like a great idea!" Katie chimed in.

"Well then let's go!" Mrs. Masters announced as she made her way to the front door.

Danielle and Katie followed close behind.

They all got into Mrs. Masters convertible and drove off.

Danielle sat in the front seat, enjoying the sights, completely unaware that her boobs were on display for any nearby drivers or pedestrians.

Katie and her mother laughed silently at Danielle's forgetful nature.

After a short drive Mrs. Masters pulled into the mall parking lot.

"Danielle, do you know where the food court is?" Mrs. Masters asked quite innocently.

"Of course!" Danielle said cheerfully, "Let me show you."

Danielle led Katie and her mother as they followed close behind. Watching everyone's reaction as they noticed a completely stunning naked girl walking through the mall without a care in the

Before Danielle could lead them to the food court, an idea popped into Mrs. Masters head.

"Let me get a picture of you two in front of the fountain!" Mrs. Masters exclaimed.

The fountain was the center of the mall and by far the most populated, but Danielle and Katie stopped.

Katie liked the idea of a picture of Danielle naked in public with her. Her exposed state captured forever in film on her most daring adventure yet made Katie smile.

Danielle didn't think much of it "I would love a picture," Danielle thought, "A great way to remember the lovely day."

Danielle posed for the Mrs. Master's camera with a smile, unaware of the crowd of people around her also taking pictures.

After several pictures, Mrs. Masters suggested with a smile, "Get a little closer to fountain!"

Danielle took a step back and fell into the water with a big splash. Danielle was soaked when her head came up from underwater. She couldn't help but laugh at her clumsy self. As she stood to her feet her wet body glistened in the mall lights, from her toned legs, all the way to her bubble butt, and tight tummy, and ample breasts. Her sexy body was dripping wet.

Everyone was staring at this knockout, especially Mrs. Masters and Katie. Danielle stepped out of the water and felt her feet hit the cold floor.

Danielle smiled as she thought "Good thing I'm naked, or I would've gotten my clothes wet".

This thought echoed in Danielle's mind as she started towards the food court, and then it hit her.

"OH MY GOSH!" Danielle screamed.

Her nakedness was now very apparent and Danielle realized her predicament.

Danielle sprinted for the nearest exit through crowds of people staring and taking pictures with their phones.

Her beautiful ass bounced off into the distance, dripping wet, as Mrs. Masters commented to her daughter, "I should hang out with your friends more often!"


Gullible Danielle Pt. 05

"Wow, this room is so nice," Danielle remarked as she walked into the hotel room.

"Yeah, a lot nicer than I expected," Katie added.

Danielle opened the blinds and checked out the view. It was a beautiful sunny day, and their room overlooked the hotel pool.

"We should go for a swim!" Danielle suggested.

"Maybe after we get some food," Katie said as she picked up a room service menu.

"Well in the meantime I'm going to take a quick shower." Danielle said as she walked into the bathroom.

The hotel bathroom was very luxurious. It had full length mirrors on all the walls and bright lights.

Danielle unpacked her body wash and shampoo and then stripped. She then slid the glass door open and stepped into the shower. She took her time to shower, slowly rubbing soap all over her tight young body. From her perky breasts to her big bubble butt all the way down her toned legs. She made sure to hit every nook and cranny and then slowly let the water rinse the soap off her body and go down the drain.

After Danielle was done she slowly stepped out of the shower and grabbed a towel and tied it around her hair. As she grabbed another towel as she glanced at the mirror and stopped. Danielle admired her soaking wet, dripping body in all its nude glory. She posed for herself with a giggle and even turned around to get a look at her big firm booty. She gave herself a light spank and laughed.

As Danielle dried off her body, she thought about how often she got caught naked in public. Even though it was always an accident, she began to wonder why it was such a big deal.

"I'm proud of my body," she thought, "I look cute."

Danielle never really looked at herself in that way, but she was starting to think she should do it more often.

After she dried off she dropped her towels and left the bathroom to get ready for the pool. Katie has seen Danielle naked so many times that Danielle had stopped bothering to cover up around her when they were alone. Danielle felt unsure about it at first but Katie assured her that it was okay.

"I ordered you a salad, I hope that's okay," Katie said to Danielle as she walked out of the bathroom.

"Yeah that sounds-" Danielle started to say as she was interrupted by a knock on the door.

"That must be room service, can you get it," Katie said.

Danielle walked to the door and opened it confidently, much to the surprise of the delivery boy.

Danielle stood smiling at the delivery boy. The boy was stunned, unable to speak, while looking up and down at a sexy girl standing without a stitch of clothing on her.

There was a long silence before Danielle broke it, "Can I have my food?"

The boy handed it over without a word and Danielle took it with a smile.

"Thank You!" She said with a hint of sarcasm.

The boy caught a glimpse of her ass as she turned around a let the door close behind her.

"The delivery guy was weird," Danielle said to Katie as she put the food down.

Katie looked up from her phone to see that Danielle in her natural form and giggled.

"Naked and unaware already" Katie thought.

"Don't worry about him" Katie said, "let's eat."

Danielle and Katie ate for a bit and Katie started to put on her swim-suit.

Katie's swim-suit was a g-string one piece. It was nothing more than a string that ran from both of her shoulders down her nipples through her legs and tight up her ass to finally loop around. Katie's shaved slit was barely covered, and her nipples were on the verge of poking out constantly. Her ass was essentially bare.

Katie only felt so comfortable wearing such a revealing swimsuit because she knew Danielle would steal the show without even knowing. Katie figured if Danielle would be naked, she might as well push the limit as well.

"Ok, let's go swimming," Katie said.

Danielle was excited to finally go swimming so she grabbed her flip flops and started to walk out the door.

"Oh Danielle, we won't need flip flops for this," Katie said.

Danielle hesitated for a moment and then said "Yeah I guess your right."

Then Danielle kicked off her flip flops and walked out the door that Katie held open.

Katie let Danielle lead the way to the pool. Katie liked to stand back and watch the reactions of strangers as they saw Danielle. It's not everyday you get to see a beautiful young naive girl walking naked and confidently through a hotel in broad daylight.

The walk to the elevator was uneventful, but no matter how many times Katie saw Danielle naked in public, she never got used to it. The sway of her hips and the slight bounce of her breasts as she happily walked down the well lit hallway was a sight to behold. Danielle's ignorance to her nudity was just an added bonus.

When the door opened, two middle aged men stood there in shock. Katie followed Danielle into the elevator taking care to position herself so she could watch the men watch Danielle.

The men smiled at Danielle and even gave a few looks to Katie in her skimpy swimsuit.

The doors finally opened and Danielle's giddy excitement finally got the best of her. She was practically skipping through the lobby.

Katie gave one last glance to the men admiring her and Danielle's asses and then turned to watch the main show.

Danielle happily walked with quite a bit of pep in her step through a crowded lobby. All eyes were on her and her tight young body confidently strolling through a group of people towards the front door.

The men and women waiting to check in had their eyes glued to Danielle's perky breast and plump butt.

Katie was also in amazement at the sight she got to behold. She was a little jealous at Danielle's attention, but she certainly enjoyed watching the show.

The girls stepped out into the bright sunlight and walked towards the pool. The pool was not very crowded, but there were quite a few men having drinks and enjoying the sun. As well as some women tanning.

Danielle immediately ran to the pool and jumped in with a splash, which surprisingly didn't bring much attention to Danielle. It seemed most of the swimmers were to busy with their fun to notice the gorgeous naked girl splashing around.

Ironically Katie did notice quite a bit of looks her way. Not only the men, but even the women silently judged her slutty choice of swimwear. Katie wondered what they would think of Danielle when the realized her state of undress. Katie really wondered what Danielle would think when she realized her own state of undress.

Katie watched through her sunglasses all the men and women staring at her and talking about her outfit. It was beginning to become unbearable for her until she heard a loud voice from the diving board.

"Hey Katie! Watch this!" Danielle yelled from across the pool.

All eyes shot towards Danielle as she launched herself into the air and did a perfect somersault and dove into the deep end of the pool.

All eyes were off Katie at this point. Every person at the pool watched Danielle come up from the water and pull herself up on the pool ladder. Her wet body glistened in the sunlight. Her hair dripped water down her shoulders, over her perfect tits that resembled globes with tiny pink nipples poking out, down her tight toned tummy, and over her perfectly shaved slit.

Her tanned legs twisted to turn and walk towards Katie, giving all the men and women a great look at her dripping wet plump ass. Her booty bounced in the sunlight as she walked towards Katie.

"You're not gonna swim Kate?" Danielle asked while cocking her head to the left.

"No I think I'm just gonna tan today," Katie replied.

"Well I wouldn't worry about tan lines," Danielle giggled. "Your suit certainly won't leave any."

"Niether will yours," Katie said with a smirk.

Danielle looked down to see what she was wearing only to discover her bare state.

Danielle's eyes revealed to her, yet again, that she was as naked as the day she was born.

"Not again!" Danielle yelped as she scurried towards the front door of the hotel. Danielle's booty bouncing and swaying brought a happy smile to Katie's face as she ran back to the room.

Everyone's head turned to watch the sight of a cute young girl running naked toward the hotel.

Katie started to doze off in the sun, as she heard the sound of footsteps getting louder and louder.

"Can I have the room key," Danielle asked in an urgent and polite tone.

"Here you go," Katie responded sleepily as she handed her the room key.

Danielle scurried back through the front door in her birthday suit, past the crowded lobby and into the elevator.

"Sweet, gullible Danielle" Katie thought to herself, "Will she ever learn?"


Gullible Danielle Pt. 06

*BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Danielle startled awake to the sound of her alarm and quickly turned it off. She slowly made her way to the shower cursing herself for staying up so late the night before. She stepped in the shower and let the warm water run over her head before lathering up.

After stepping out of the shower she dried off in front of the mirror and rubbed her moisturizer from her hands to her shoulders and then applied more to her smooth calves and thighs, working up past her plump booty to her tight tummy. By the end of her routine she was glistening but today she was far too tired to notice.

She splashed her face with cold water to wake her up enough to do her makeup properly. Danielle sat in her room in a towel carefully applying her makeup when she got a text from Katie.

"Be there in 10"

Katie and Danielle were going to the beach today and as usual Katie wanted to start the day as early as possible. Danielle much preferred to sleep in, especially considering her late night, but she none the less pushed forward. She finished her makeup and laid down on her bed to try to get a couple of minutes of sleep before Katie arrived.

Danielle's phone rang and she picked it up to see Katie's message.

"Here"

Danielle in her groggy state walked out her front door towards Katie's car in nothing but her towel and mumbled "Good morning" to Katie as she sat down and leaned her seat back to fall asleep.

"You can throw your towel in the back," Katie said curiously.

Danielle took her towel off to reveal her completely nude body and tossed it in the back.

Katie's suspicion was confirmed, and Danielle passed out in the front seat. Katie pieced together that Danielle must have been too tired to remember her clothes and got into the car with nothing but a towel.

"This should be fun" Katie thought.

Katie started the 2 hour drive thinking of different ways to expose Danielle's body to the fullest extent, but after about an hour she had pretty much planned out the day.

Katie decided to start her plan immediately and spotted a truck stop coming up. She decided that she and Danielle wanted coffee so she pulled in and parked.

"Are we here already?" Danielle said as she opened her eyes.

"Almost, but I figured we could use some coffee" Katie replied.

Danielle pulled herself out of the car and followed Katie to the entrance. Much to Katie's dismay the coffee shop was mostly empty except for a older man in his forties reading a paper and a young male barista.

Danielle's plump moisturized booty swayed as she walked in. Her skin was still glistening from her morning lotion rub as she ordered her small black iced coffee. Katie ordered the same as she stared at the barista's wide eyes.

Danielle's body was such a contrast to the room, but her tired state kept her from noticing. Even the older gentleman peeked over his paper to watch the young girl stand around waiting for her coffee.

Katie couldn't keep the smile off her face as she watched her friend expose herself to the shop without even knowing.

The girls finally got their drinks after a lot of staring and got back into the car.

Danielle sipped her coffee and managed to stay up the rest of the trip. She slowly grew more and more awake until they finally reached the beach.

"It looks pretty empty," Katie said surprised.

"Probably because we're here at the crack of dawn," Danielle muttered under her breath.

Katie ignored Danielle's pessimistic remark and started grabbing the umbrella and towels. Danielle grabbed the suntan lotion and water bottles and started walking with Katie towards the beach.

The girls got settled on the nearly empty beach and after setting up Danielle took a moment to admire the beautiful view of the ocean and feel the sand between her toes.

Katie also admired the view, but for a different reason. Katie removed her beach dress to reveal her bikini, if you can even call it that. It consisted of two neon pink pasties that covered her nipples and stringless bottoms that just barely covered her slit and slid through her legs and disappeared into her ass.

"Whoa, what is that?" Danielle exclaimed as she saw Katie's swimwear.

"It's called a c-string," Katie explained "And its to prevent tanlines."

"Wow, you sure are brave Katie," Danielle said, "I could never wear something so daring in public."

Katie laughed to herself and asked Danielle if she wanted any sun tan lotion.

"No I think I'm going to take a dip first," Danielle responded as she walked towards the ocean.

Katie admired the view and reached for her phone to get a quick picture of the flawless naked girl walking towards the ocean without a care in the world. Her moisturized skin, and cute booty swayed back and forth as she moved fowards.

Danielle's bare feet finally reached the water and washed off all of the dry sand. Danielle slowly took a few more steps before fully submerging herself into the ocean and splashing around.

Danielle had her fun in the ocean and started making her way back to Katie. As her soaking wet naked body finally reached her towel Katie spoke.

"Alright, now hurry up and dry off so I can apply your sun tan lotion."

Danielle grabbed her towel and patted her body down until she was mostly dry. Katie tossed Danielle the sun tan oil and Danielle began spraying it all over her legs and started rubbing it from her feet up her smooth calves to her toned thighs until she got to her hips.

Danielle stared at her bare mound for a moment before it finally clicked.

"Oh no Katie!" Danielle cried, "I'm butt naked!"

Katie was a little surprised that Danielle realized it so quickly.

"Danielle, look around." Katie commanded, "Do you see anyone else on the beach?"

Danielle looked around sheepishly while covering herself with one arm across her breasts and one hand in blocking her buttcheeks.

Danielle took a moment before responding quietly "No."

"So, who cares if you're naked?"

Danielle slowly lowered her arms to her sides "I guess... No one."

"Ok, then finished applying your lotion to your front so I can get your back."

Danielle continued to spray her torso and rub her arms and breasts and finally finished with her tight tummy.

Danielle was still a bit scared as she finished her front and then Katie told her to turn around so she could get her back.

As Danielle faced the ocean Katie commanded "Spread your arms and legs."

Danielle did as she was told and watched the waves slowly crash on the shore. The soft sound of the ocean let Danielle's mind drift away.

Meanwhile, Katie applied a heavy coat of lotion to Danielle's back and booty and massaged it thoroughly all over. Katie took her time to reach every nook and cranny of Danielle's completely exposed body until she was glistening.

Danielle continued to stare into the sea until a light smack on her ass took her out of her transfixed stated.

"All done," Katie said as she lied down on her towel.

Danielle looked around and tried to remember what she was just thinking about.

"Oh well," Danielle thought, and proceeded to spread out her towel and lie down.

Danielle lied down for a moment and closed her eyes and instantly fell asleep. She woke up to the sound of whistles and catcalls. Danielle opened her eyes to see a group of highschool boys running on the beach in track uniforms. They stared her nude oiled up body up and down.

"Ugh, it's like they've never seen a girl in a bikini before," Danielle commented to Katie.

Katie laughed to herself.

Danielle turned over to tan her backside and once again fell right asleep.

Danielle once again woke up to the sound of people on the beach in the distance.

"Ugh, what time is it?" Danielle asked.

"Just about noon, do you wanna head home?"

"Yeah sure," Danielle replied.

The girls were still very far away from the beach goers so no one seemed to notice Danielle's nudity (Not even Danielle).

As the girls were grabbing their towels and things to leave, Danielle noticed a food truck across the beach.

"Maybe we should get some food for the road," Danielle said excited.

Katie looked Danielle up and down and said, "Get me something too," as she handed Danielle a twenty.

Danielle gladly grabbed it and walked with glee towards the food truck, completely unaware that her bare body was exposed.

Danielle noticed quite a few looks in her direction as she walked through the crowded part of the beach. Lots of men stared openly in shock at this absolute beauty walking nude in public.

Danielle finally reached the food truck and greeted the woman running it. She was an older woman in her late 30's with a nice body who seemed quite shocked at Danielle.

"Hello," Danielle said cheerfully.

The woman took a long look at Danielle and her naked body and replied with a smile, "Hello my little streaker, how can I help you?"

"Streaker? What do you...." Danielle trailed off as she looked down at her freely swinging titties and bare pussy.

Danielle let out a high pitched scream in shock, finally realizing her shameful state. She sprinted back towards the car giving the crowd of beach goers a good look at her plump backside scurrying away.

Katie was waiting in the car as she saw Danielle in the buff dashing through the beach towards her. Danielle finally reached the car and hopped in the front seat and curled up in a ball to cover herself.

"Hurry up Katie!" Danielle yelled, "They're gonna see me naked!"

Katie started up the engine and headed back home. Danielle was still curled up in a ball after about fifteen minutes.

Katie finally asked "Danielle, who are you covering up for?"

Danielle lowered her hands and sat in her seat properly, "...nobody.... I guess."

"Why is it so bad to be seen naked?" Katie asked Danielle.

"They're gonna laugh and make fun of me," Danielle replied.

Katie started giggling, "I promise, they aren't making fun of you Danielle," Katie continued, "They think your hot!"

Danielle blushed a bit and replied, "I guess... but I still shouldn't be walking around au natural in public!"

"You're right," Katie agreed, "But wasn't it a little fun?"

Danielle could barely contain her laughter, "NO COMMENT!"

The rest of the ride was mostly uneventful. The girls just sang along to the radio and laughed.

"Wanna have a sleepover at my house tonight?" Katie asked.

"Yeah that sounds fun!" Danielle responded.

Katie eventually pulled up to Danielle's house and said, "Wanna grab some clothes or something before you come over?"

Danielle looked down and her naked body and realized she hadn't covered herself for the whole trip home.

She looked at her house and looked back at Katie, "I think I'm good," Danielle said with a smile.

"Oh you naughty girl," Katie replied with a laugh as they drove off.


Gullible Danielle Pt. 07

"Just one pizza," Danielle said into the phone. "For delivery."

"That'll be thirty minutes," the man said and then hung up.

"Oh my gosh, I can't believe I'm gonna do this," Danielle said aloud.

Danielle was planning on doing the naked pizza dare. She'd seen it online a bunch and wanted to try it. Danielle had been known in the past as the girl that always somehow ended up naked in an embarrassing situation, but this time she wanted to be in control. Not to mention, some delivery boy seeing her naked was minor in comparison to her other escapades.

Danielle had the house to herself over the weekend and as such planned on enjoying a nice quiet night in, and watching a movie. However, knowing that she was going to expose herself to a stranger was causing her heart to race.

"Why am I so nervous?" she thought to herself while pacing back and forth in her living room.

Danielle took a deep breath and walked over to the wine cabinet. She grabbed one of the bottles and poured herself a glass.

"Relax Danielle, it's going to be fine," she kept telling herself.

And with that being said she took a big sip of the wine and instantly her shoulders relaxed and she felt warm.

Danielle strolled over to the full length mirror in the living room and looked at herself. With another sip of wine she looked herself up and down. Danielle was wearing dark blue robe that came down just below her knees. The robe exposed just a bit cleavage, but not much. Then Danielle looked at her face. She wore bright red lipstick and curled her ever ever so slightly. She figured if she was going to be naked, she might as well look good.

"Well I might as well start getting ready," Danielle said to the mirror. Then she took a big swig of wine and put it on the coffee table. Danielle took one last look in the mirror and pulled the belt on her robe. In one swift motion the robe fell to the ground and Danielle was left bare.

Danielle's looked at her sexy tight tummy and cupped her perky tits in her hands. She then turned her booty towards the mirror and gave it a little shake. Her bubble butt jiggled and she giggled to herself. Danielle was start to feel a lot better about this whole plan.

Danielle sat back down on her couch and sipped on her wine as she watched more pizza dare videos on her phone. Soon enough Danielle felt herself getting aroused and her hand crept down to her moist pussy. Danielle's fingers grazed her clit and she immediately took a sharp breath.

*Knock knock*

The sound of the door made Danielle jump, but after a moment she regained her composure.

"One sec!" She called out.

"Ok, you can do this Danielle. It's now or never."

Danielle slowly made her way to the door, each step felt like an eternity. Her bare feet on the hardwood floor felt cold and her stomach was doing flips. Finally Danielle reached her doorknob and gripped it tightly. In one quick motion she swung her door open.

The cold air rushed into Danielle's house and her skin got goosebumps. She looked up at the pizza delivery boy dumbly. Danielle didn't know what to say.

"Hi, here's you pizza," the delivery boy said cooly.

The delivery boy took a long look at Danielle waiting for her to react.

Danielle was in complete shock. She stood there motionless with her mind racing. Just knowing that she was standing in front of a stranger in her birthday suit was making Danielle feel all sorts of feelings. Even though Danielle had been in much more revealing situations before, she still felt an amazing adrenaline rush.

"That'll be $17.50... miss?" The delivery boy said.

Finally Danielle snapped from her trance.

"Oh, of course! I'm so sorry!" Danielle stammered out.

Danielle was so flustered that she'd forgot to have the money ready.

"One moment," Danielle said as she scurried back to her kitchen, giving the boy a great view of her naked backside bouncing up and down.

Danielle grabbed the twenty dollar bill sitting on the kitchen table and hurried back. Danielle's boobs bounced up and down as she reached the door.

"Here you go," Danielle said as she handed the boy his money.

"Thanks" the boy smiled, "By the way, I like your outfit."

Danielle's face turned red with embarrassment as the boy walked away.

Danielle closed the door and set the pizza down. Danielle felt so dirty, but she loved every minute of it.

Danielle ate her pizza in the nude and watched a movie, but Danielle was dying to tell Katie about her new naked story. Danielle texted Katie and poured herself another glass of wine.

"I did something lol"

"Was it naughty?" Katie replied.

"Maybe," Danielle responded.

"Omg, come over and tell me!" Katie texted.

"Be there in a minute!"

Danielle, was about to open the door to head out, and then she realized.

"Silly me, I almost forgot my clothes," Danielle laughed to herself.

Then Danielle got a wicked idea.

"I mean it's already dark out, and Katie's house is only a short walk away." Danielle reasoned to herself.

Danielle hesitated for a few moments before grabbing her glass of wine and chugging it.

"Ok let's do this." Danielle said to herself.

Danielle slipped on her sneakers and felt even more naked wearing just shoes, than when wearing nothing at all!

Danielle gently opened the door and peaked outside. The street was quiet, and the air was cold. But, Danielle forced herself out the door and quietly closed it behind her. Danielle slowly stepped out towards the sidewalk. She couldn't believe she was doing this, but with each step she felt better and better until she was walking gingerly down the street.

Danielle's walk was mostly uneventful until she got to Katie's street. When Danielle was almost to Katie's, a light turned on. Danielle's cover of darkness was gone and her body was completely exposed! Danielle looked to her left and saw the source of the light. A house's porch light had turned on, and the front door was opening. Danielle sprinted towards a tree and hid from the front of the house.

An older woman stepped out of the door, and didn't seem to notice Danielle. Danielle kept peeking around the see what the woman was doing, because while the tree blocked her from the woman, it left her completely exposed to the street. Whatever the woman was doing, Danielle hoped she would hurry up so Danielle could make it to Katie's house unseen.

The woman on the porch lit up a cigarette and started to smoke.

"Oh great," Danielle thought.

So Danielle was stuck and the cold was starting to get to her. Danielle was shivering, but she could see the woman was almost done with her cigarette.

Just then a bright light swept across Danielle's body.

"Oh no!" Danielle's fears had been realized. A car had turned onto the street! Danielle just faced the tree and hoped the car would pass by without noticing, but Danielle just wasn't that lucky.

The car came to a stop and the headlights stayed on Danielle and lit up her whole naked body. Finally after a few moments Danielle couldn't take it anymore and just sprinted towards Katie's house. The car was full of boys that cheered and laughed at Danielle as she ran past them.

Instead of going through the front door Danielle ran around Katie's house to her backyard. Danielle finally reached Katie's backyard and luckily for her the door wasn't locked. Danielle slipped in and closed the door behind her.

Danielle took a deep breath, "Finally, I'm safe."

A voice came from behind her "Danielle?"

Danielle jumped and turned around. Danielle was greeted by Katie and a party of at least 15 people, boys and girls.

The group cheered when they saw a naked Danielle enter into view. Danielle instinctively covered her breasts with one arm and her pussy with another.

"Well this definitely tops the pizza dare," Danielle thought.

"Did you drive here naked?" Katie asked with a shocked look on her face.

"...actually I walked."

Katie grabbed Danielle's hand and walked her into the living room, where the party gathered around the nervous naked girl.

"Ladies and gentlemen!" Katie announced to the room. "Meet Danielle, our towns most accomplished streaker!"

The room erupted with cheers. Danielle was so flustered and embarrassed.

"Alright, alright we've had our fun, now it's time for the naked girl to cover up," Katie announced to the room.

This announcement was met with groans and boos from the party, but Katie led Danielle upstairs to her room anyway.

"Sounds like you had a fun night," Katie said to Danielle as she handed her a dress.

"Well, it certainly was eventful," Danielle explained as she pulled Katie's dress over her head.

"How do I look?" Danielle asked, after putting the dress on.

Katie smiled. She realized the dress was all fishnet material and completely see through.

"You look fabulous." Katie said, "And maybe you can stay awhile and hang out."

"Sure, it'll be nice to hang out now that all my privates aren't on display."

And with that Danielle walked back down to the party ready to mingle.



