Boring Family Parties
by StoryGuy

Chapter 1

Dolly, once again, was at her annual family get together weekend. Her twelfth one to be exact, but fortunately she didn't remember her first few as she was just born for her first one. Every year was the same. The adults got together and got drunk and the kids sorta just hung around. To make matters worse, this year her mother had made her wear a dress saying she was old enough now and should look like a lady and not just a grubby kid.

It was true she was one of the older kids; she and her oldest cousin, Sam, were both twelve, almost thirteen, and going into the seventh grade in school. The next oldest was nine and they went down from there. She liked Sam though, so the two would just wander, away from the little ones.

A dress... She hardly ever wore them. She was more comfortable in jeans or something. Who wore dresses today? The adults maybe, but even some of them wore pants and stuff. At least she only had to wear it for the day; party day. Party... They ate lunch. Then the adults would start drinking and the kids would wander off. Some party.

Lunch was good, a cookout. It wasn't long before all the kids were told to "go play" and the coolers were opened. The young ones laughed as they all ran off. Sam and Dolly went the opposite direction, just walking aimlessly.

On the side yard, away from everyone, was an old make-shift swing hanging from a branch of an old oak tree. Although not really used anymore, it was still in pretty good shape. "I remember swinging on that when I was little," Dolly muttered. "I haven't been on a swing in forever."

"You want to swing? I'll push you if you do," offered Sam.

Dolly hadn't thought about swinging at all. She was just reminiscing. She used to love to swing. "Nah... It's just for little kids," she sighed.

"No it isn't. I live next to a playground park. Lots of girls swing, even older ones, There's more older ones than young ones. This one is too high for little kids," Sam countered.

Dolly pondered what he said. It might be fun, but she was afraid he'd think of her as a kid if she did, but that didn't seem to be the case. "OK," she giggled as she ran up and plopped onto the swing seat. No sooner was she down than Sam began to push her. Unfortunately she had forgotten she was wearing a dress and didn't smooth it under her when she sat down. She could feel the seat on her bare legs and knew her dress was hanging loosely behind her. At least Sam was behind her.

Sam seemed to know what he was doing and very quickly Dolly was swinging high into the air. It was as much fun as she remembered and she began pumping, going even higher. Just like when she was little, the outside world faded away. It was just her soaring into the sky... well, almost. It was how it made her feel.

Suddenly Dolly became aware that Sam wasn't pushing her any longer. She also became aware that when she swung forward, her dress was billowing up almost to her waist. She looked up and saw Sam standing in front of her watching her swing. He wasn't close enough to get hit, but no doubt was seeing her panties. Her face flushed as she stopped pumping and kept her legs down. Her dress still flared up with the wind, but she didn't dare let go to hold it down.

Slowly, it seemed, she glided to a stop. She hopped off the swing as soon as it was safe to do so. "You really know how to swing! I was wondering if you were going to go right over the top," Sam gasped.

"I'm such a dork... I forgot I was wearing a dress. You must have gotten a good show," Dolly blushed.

"Nah... It's all good. Nothing really showed," Sam stated.

Dolly knew he was lying. Once her dress actually flew up covering her face, so he had to have seen something. "Yeah right... You had to have seen my blue panties." Sam looked like he was going to say something, but didn't. "I know you saw them," Dolly giggled. "You were going to say they were yellow, not blue, weren't you."

"It's no big deal... I saw them. So what? I really didn't see anything," Sam defended.

Dolly, still a bit embarrassed, had been looking down at the ground. As her head lifted, she noticed a definite bulge in his pants. It made her smile. He had gotten hard looking at her. She wanted to say something, but couldn't think of what to say. "Let's take a walk," she suggested, hoping to get off the subject.

"OK. Where to?" Sam replied.

"Anywhere but here," giggled Dolly. Sam turned and started walking. Dolly walked along beside him.

At first they didn't talk much, but slowly both relaxed and they began chatting. Eventually Sam returned to their original conversation. "Why did you say your panties were blue when they weren't?" he questioned.

"My mom does that to my dad all the time. She says something that's not true to see his reaction. She says she can tell stuff by how he reacts," she explained. Sam nodded. "It works. That's how I could tell you saw mine," she grinned.

"I really couldn't see much... Only that they were yellow," Sam muttered.

Both stopped talking again. Dolly was thinking about him seeing her panties. It wasn't as horrid as she thought it might be. She was embarrassed at the time, but looking back it was also kind of fun. She liked the reaction she got from him. It made her wonder what he looked like. She noticed his pants were bulging again. Naturally she knew what an erection was and had seen pictures on the internet, but what did "he" look like? How big was he?

"You said it was no big deal, right?" she questioned. Sam shook his head. "So seeing underwear is OK?" she continued. Sam just nodded. Dolly paused, gathering her courage. "Can I see yours?" she finally blurted.

Sam stopped short and his jaw dropped. "Um... I told you I really didn't see anything... just that they were yellow. Ahh... Mine are white. So we're even now?" he mumbled nervously.

Dolly paused, choosing her words. "What if I lift up my dress and give you a good look. Would you drop your pants down and show me yours? You said it was no big deal..."

"Um... Would you take your dress off? I'll take my pants off if you do," Sam bargained.

"Um... I'm not wearing a bra, not that I really have boobs yet. There's not much to see," Dolly blushed.

"How 'bout if we both take everything off but our underwear. We'll be even then and I'll go first if you want me to," Sam suggested.

Dolly hesitated. He'd see her bare chest if she agreed. Part of her was shy about him seeing them, but another part wished she had bigger breasts for him to see. Her gaze went to his crotch again. She could see his erection sticking out, pushing against his pants, and it made her more curious. It also strangely excited her a little having him see her.

"OK, but not here, out in the open. Let's go up to the rain shelter on the hill. There's just a roof, but it's better than nothing," she agreed as she headed up the hill with Sam following. In her mind she tried to imagine him naked with his erection.

In a few minutes they were under the rain shelter and looking at each other, neither knowing where to start. "You said you'd go first," Dolly finally muttered.

"You'll do it, right?" Sam questioned and Dolly nodded. "OK..." he muttered as he began to unbutton his shirt slowly. It was if he was in slow motion, but the shirt finally came off and he placed it on the bench at the center. Just as slowly he sat down and took his shoes off. As he stood again and reached for his belt, he whispered, "You'll take off everything but your panties?"

Dolly was mesmerized. Sam stood in front of her, his shirt off and his belt undone. This wasn't a picture on the internet, but a real person. She nodded, almost in a trance. Slowly his zipper went down and his pants opened, revealing his white underpants. His pants dropped and he bent down, picking them up, and placed them on his shirt.

Dolly's eyes were wide open. In front of her was a boy wearing just underpants. His stiff penis was very obvious pushing against the thin cotton material. Below it was a bulge that Dolly knew was his balls. She'd seen her father in underwear, but he wore boxers and she'd never seen him hard. With Sam's briefs, she could see everything... well, almost see. He was still covered, but not with much.

"Your turn," Sam muttered, breaking her trance. The voices in her head were screaming at her telling her she never should have agreed, but it was too late now. Her dress zipped in the back. She could have easily unzipped it, but instead chose to turn her back to him asking him to unzip it.

His hand slowly lowered the zipper, lightly brushing her ass when it bottomed out. She shook her shoulders slightly causing the straps to drop to her forearms. She looked down at her bare chest as she lowered the dress. Oh well... Dolly let go of her dress letting it fall to the ground. She stepped out of it, picked it up placing it on the bench, and felt her face flush.

For a moment Dolly just stood with her back towards Sam. She knew she had to turn around, but was nervous about it. Sam had made no attempt to hide from her, even with his erection. Dolly took a deep breath and slowly turned until she was facing him. Instinctively her arms had crossed in front of her chest. When she realized it, she forced herself to drop her arms to her side.

"I told you I didn't have much," she mumbled as her face turned redder.

"You look good! ...a lot bigger than most," Sam complimented making Dolly feel a little more at ease.

"You're a lot bigger than I thought too," Dolly stated, but turned even more red when she realized what she just said. "Sorry, I didn't mean... Um... I meant... I don't know. I'm so dumb," she stuttered.

Sam just smiled. For a few minutes they just starred at each other's bodies. Dolly, although still embarrassed with Sam seeing as much as he was, began to relax some. She was seeing more of him than she'd ever seen before. She also noticed his penis would twitch occasionally and its shape was much more obvious through the thin material. "You look good," she whispered softly, not really aware of her words.

"Um... Do you want to take our underwear off too? You'd see all of me then," Sam mumbled.

"Huh?" Dolly gasped after a few moments when what he said had sunk in. "You mean get naked?"

"Yeah... If you want to... You don't have to or anything. I just thought I'd offer... We can if you want..." Sam stammered.

"Um... We should get back before someone comes looking for us right now. Maybe later?" Dolly answered, not sure what she wanted right now.

 
Chapter 2

The two dressed slowly, both glimpsing at the other as they did. Neither said much as they made their way back to the house. Dolly thought about what Sam had suggested getting naked. The thought scared her, but she had already gotten down to just her panties. Sam didn't try anything and seemed OK to her. She liked seeing his almost bare erection and really wanted to see more.

The more she thought about it, the more the idea appealed to her. He had already seen her boobs. She had been embarrassed, but, in a way, proud showing him. She hadn't thought she had much, but he seemed impressed, accented by his stiff cock. She hadn't thought of herself as sexy, but maybe she was, at least in Sam's eyes.

As they approached the others, Dolly noticed tables had been set out and burgers were on the grill. From the looks of things the adults had partied all afternoon and there were beer cans scatters about the chairs they were sitting in. All the kids were ushered to one table and food was put in front of them.

Dolly didn't appreciate being put at a table of screaming little kids. She and Sam ate, then stood up. "Come play with us!" and "Let's all play a game" was shouted by the little ones. Two had already started dragging Sam off and two more were pushing Dolly. "I need to go to the bathroom. I'll join you later," Dolly begged off and the pushers retreated. "I'll meet you in the barn. I can't stand these kids," she whispered to Sam as she walked passed him.

Fortunately no one followed her into the house. Dolly did her business and then slipped out the side door and headed to the barn. Instead of opening the front doors, she walked around back and went into the door to the tack room. Her grandparents used to have a lot of horse, but now just a few. She looked around and found it actually pretty clean and neat.

Within a few minutes Sam opened the door and walked in. She smiled realizing he had the same idea as she did. An open barn door would show they were in there. "That didn't take you long," she giggled.

"Funny... I had to go to the bathroom too," he laughed.

"It's pretty clean in here," she commented. Looking around more she noticed the boards nailed to the wall studs. It was sort of a ladder leading to an upstairs storage area. "I wonder what's up there now?"

"Let's go see. At least up there the little kids won't find us," he chuckled.

Dolly started climbing the ladder without thinking. She was half way up and Sam was standing at the bottom of the ladder now. Wearing a dress he no doubt could see right up under it. After a moment she began to chuckle. What would he see that he hadn't already seen? "Enjoying the show?" she laughed.

"Yup! Great view from here," he said as he started to laugh too.

Dolly continued climbing through the opening in the ceiling. She didn't rush though. It was kinda fun knowing Sam was looking at her panty covered bottom. It was a bit dusty up there, but not too bad. There was a stack of older horse blankets in the corner, obviously washed before they were folded and put away. She pulled one from the middle of the stack and Sam, almost knowingly, took an edge and the two spread it out on the floor.

"Peace... no kids," Dolly muttered as she sat down. Sam sat down facing her. For a while the two just talked. Eventually the subject of that afternoon came up and Sam apologized for what happened. "It's OK. We both wanted to do it, so we did. Are you sorry because we did?" Dolly questioned.

"No, I just didn't want you mad at me. I've never done that before. You've always been my favorite cousin and I don't want that to change. Your kinda special," he explained.

"I'm not mad at all. Most boys are always trying to grab me or peek up my dress, if I'm wearing one," Dolly began and Sam frowned. "No... You didn't. Well, you saw up my dress when we were coming up the ladder, but that's different. I don't mind you seeing me in just panties. I was a little embarrassed at first having nothing on on top, but you didn't try to do anything. I also wish I had bigger boobs," Dolly sighed.

"You've got nice boobs. They're bigger than most of the girls in my class. Well, not that I've seen any of them bare, but... um..." Sam paused.

"Really? You think mine are bigger? You're not just saying that, are you?" Dolly interrupted. Sam shook his head. "Has any other girls seen you in just your underwear? ...or ...um... less?" Again Sam shook his head. "Did it bother you having me see you in just underwear?" Once more Sam shook his head. "Good!"

The conversation drifted to another subject, but Dolly's mind (and Sam's) was still dwelling on the afternoon. After chatting for a while, Dolly blurted, "Do you know how bad it is to have to wear a dress? They're a pain in the ass!"

"So take it off," Sam grinned.

"If I do, will you take off your shirt and pants?" Dolly questioned. A big smile formed on Sam's face as he nodded. This time Dolly didn't ask Sam to lower her zipper. If a flash, she had it down and, without even standing up, quickly her dress was neatly folded next to her. She looked at Sam, this time without covering her chest, and stated, "Your turn," grinning at him.

Keeping her legs closed and her knees bent in front of her, Dolly watched as Sam pulled off his shirt, then stood and dropped his pants, revealing his ever present stiff cock pushing against his underwear. He sat back down, Indian style, making no attempt to hide himself.

"Is it always stiff like that?" Dolly asked.

"No, not always, but with a pretty girl to look at..." Sam grinned.

His comment made Dolly blush. "Do... Um... Ah... Do you still want us to take off our underwear?" Dolly mumbled softly.

"If you want to..." Sam muttered back in a soft voice. Dolly nodded. Neither said anything or did anything for a few minutes. Dolly, feeling he may be waiting for her, since she asked this time, took a deep breath, hooked her thumbs in her panties, and lifted slightly as she pushed them down and off her feet. She was nervous, but happy she did at the same time. She tossed her panties on top of her dress and, with her legs still in the same position, looked at Sam, but couldn't say anything.

Dolly could tell Sam was a little embarrassed, but he brought his knees together, lifted slightly, and his underwear came off. This time he sat in the same position as Dolly was. Neither could really see anything, but both knew they were both naked. For a while each just looked at the other in silence, both wanting to see, but neither knowing how to approach the subject.

"I've never been naked with a boy," Dolly muttered.

"Neither have I," Sam added, making Dolly giggle. "I mean I've never been naked with a girl," he corrected.

"I know..." Dolly whispered. Silence fell again, until Dolly added, "It's not as bad as I thought it would be, being naked with you." Sam looked like he might say something, but didn't. Another long pause ensued. Dolly was seeing less now that Sam was naked, frustrating her. She got naked so she could see him. "Do you want to... um... Want to... ah... Want to kinda look at each other? If you lay back and let me look at you, I'll do the same for you," she mumbled,

At first Sam just sat there, but eventually his legs stretched out and he laid back, revealing his stiff boyhood for Dolly. His stiff cock pointed up towards his head, but was so hard it slightly stood out from his stomach. His legs were together, but his ball sack lay proudly at the union of his legs. He already had some hair.

At first Dolly just looked, almost afraid of him. She knew what men looked like, but this wasn't just a picture, it was real. Soon her curiosity grew stronger than her shyness and she rose to her knees, getting closer to him. Her eyes studied his boyhood. "Can I touch it?" she finally asked. "I'll let you touch me," she quickly added.

Not hearing anything, Dolly looked up at Sam to see him nodding. Her hand tentatively went forward, towards his erection. Her fingertips touched it. It felt hot, which surprised her. Her fingers glided down his shaft to his ball sack, which was noticeably cooler. Strangely she felt more comfortable touching his balls, although his cock was her primary interest.

She jumped slightly when Sam moved, but his legs just parted some and he stopped moving. Her fingers drifted between his legs cupping his sack. She could feel the two globes in it. Getting braver her hand once again went to his cock and she wrapped her fingers around his stiffness. It seemed strange. It was so hard, yet felt soft at the same time. Dolly discovered the skin on his cock moved, exposing his cockhead even more. That fascinated her and she rubbed his cock a few times, sliding the skin onto, then off of his cockhead.

Dolly had no idea how long she had been looking at him, but suddenly became self conscious. "Thanks," she muttered as she pulled her hand away. She took one last look before announcing, "Your turn," as she straightened up. Sam sat up, looking at her. She was sitting on her legs, but they were slightly parted. She wondered if he noticed she had some hair on her pussy.

Her legs stretched out as she reclined. Sam stood on his knees and looked at her nude body. She wasn't really thinking about him seeing as her eyes were still focused on his stiff cock. Although it seemed like forever, it was only a few seconds and Sam wasn't doing anything. "It's OK to touch me..." Dolly whispered.

Slowly he reached out and his hand went to her tit. Ever so gently he massaged one, then moved to the other. Dolly smiled because of the sensations he was creating within her. She hadn't realized how nice it could feel to have a boy rub her boobs. He spent a few minutes rubbing her before his hand began to drift down her stomach. Almost instinctively her legs parted.

His hand grazed over her dampening pussy. Suddenly he shifted making Dolly think he was already finished – just when she was beginning to enjoy it. He walked on his knees, stepping over her leg. She opened them wider as he settled between them. His hands slowly slid up her inner thighs to her pussy. She blushed as she felt her pussy lips part as he leaned down, looking inside her. It made her feel embarrassed, excited, horrified, and horny, all at the same time.

One hand pulled away from her while the fingers of his other hand began it feel around her. She wasn't sure if he realized it or not, but he kept bumping her clit, turning her on even more. When she looked down at him, all she saw was his hard cock bobbing around and all she felt was his fingers probing her erotically. She could feel a fire starting deep within her.

It seemed like only seconds had passed when his fingers left her and he climbed back over her legs, She sat up and faced him. He was now sitting Indian style facing her. She sat facing him in the same position. For a while they just looked at each other's sex.

"Do you... um... kinda play with yourself? I know boys do that," Dolly softly asked.

"Sometimes... Do you?" he replied.

"Sometimes..." Dolly admitted. After a pause, she added, "If you want to do it now, you can. I don't mind, if you don't."

"Do you want to do it?" Sam asked. She did, but didn't know how to answer and definitely wanted to watch Sam. "If you want to, I'll do it too," Sam added.

"OK," Dolly agreed. Neither did anything for a few moments. Hoping to encourage him, Dolly dropped her hand to her pussy. After she did, Sam's hand wrapped around his hard member and both started stroking themselves. Dolly hadn't expected to be so turned on and watching Sam really got her going.

She was embarrassed rubbing herself in front of Sam. No one had ever seen her rub before. Watching him rub made it worth it. As he stroked, the loose skin would partially cover his cockhead, then slide back, exposing it completely. His cockhead seemed to be getting darker too.

Sam suddenly grunted and a stream of white stuff shot out of his cock, through the air, and landed on her chest, quickly followed by two more spurts. Sam's jaw dropped. "Oh! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to do that!" he blurted as he lurched forward and tried to wipe his cum off her.

"That was cool!" Dolly exclaimed. "It's OK. I know boys squirt. I don't care if some got on me. Don't worry about it," she comforted as she eased him away. He settled back as she touched a glob of cum, running it around with her finger. Naturally she had stopped rubbing herself too.

Sam still had a guilty look on his face when she looked back up at him. "I'm sorry... I wasn't thinking..." he repeated.

"I told you it's OK," Dolly interrupted, smiling at him. "I kinda liked it." Sam looked back at her questionably. "It's true. It's so cool that boys can do that," she told him, still smiling.

For a while the two just looked at each other. "You're still hard..." Dolly muttered. Sam's face flushed slightly. "Does it always stay hard?" she asked.


"Are you still horny?" Dolly coyly asked. Sam's face got slightly redder as he nodded. "Good," Dolly grinned.


Chapter 3

Sam and Dolly once again sat Indian style, facing each other, and looking at each other. "Do you like looking at me?" Dolly asked and Sam nodded. "I like looking at you too. Is it bad we're looking at each other naked?"

"I don't think so. I don't mind you seeing me naked. Does it bother you being naked with me?" he asked. Dolly shook her head. "I liked you touching me. It felt good. Did you like me touching you?" Dolly blushed as she nodded. "Do you want to touch some more?" Once more Dolly nodded.

Sam scooted over beside Dolly and his hand went to her pussy. Although he was somewhat clumsy, it felt good having him rub her. Since she hadn't had an orgasm yet, it wasn't long before her fire started. He was mainly rubbing the outside, but a finger was slightly slipping between her pussy lips and probing her.

Her hand was in his crotch, slowly stroking his shaft and then venturing to his balls. She could feel him twitching slightly. His finger began to push into her more now. It wasn't the first time something had gone into her though. Her fingers had pushed into her and she had recently tried her hairbrush handle. The first time she tried it, it hurt a bit, almost like someone had pinched her insides, so she stopped. A few days later she tried it again, but that time there was no pinch. She had pushed it all the ways in. It felt good! She got nervous though, and had pulled it out again.

Sam's cock was bigger around than her hairbrush handle and longer too. She wondered if he'd fit. She was more curious about what it would feel like though. Everybody seemed to do it... well, the older girls. One of her friends at school had even tried it and she said she liked it. There were others who said how much it would hurt the first time though. His hand rubbing her felt good even if he wasn't doing a great job.

"Um... Do you want to try something else?" she asked softly.

"What?" he responded.

"Ah... Do you want to try putting it in me?" she blushed. Sam stopped rubbing her and shyly nodded. "If I let you, you gotta pull it out if I say so, OK?" Sam again nodded. "I mean it. You have to pull it right out."

"If you want me to pull out, I will... I promise," agreed Sam. Dolly stretched her legs out in front of her and laid back, propping herself up on her elbows. She parted her legs. Sam immediately squirmed between her open legs, holding his upper body above her on his arms.

She looked up at him, gathering her courage. "OK..." she muttered, adding,"Remember, if I say 'Stop' you have to stop as soon as I say it, OK?" Sam nodded. For a moment he didn't move. Dolly could feel his cock pressing against her belly, just above her pussy. "OK... You can try putting it in... just go slow."

Sam's hips began to move. His cock was sliding along her pussy lips, which felt really nice, but he wasn't going in. She finally realized she would have to help him. "Lift up," she requested softly. His hips rose and she snaked her hand down between him. Dolly found his cock and aimed it at her hole. "OK... push in... but go slow," she told him.

This time his cock parted her pussy lips and began to sink into her body. Dolly pulled her hand out from between them. Sam, as she had asked, slowly pushed forward steadily. Dolly felt him entering her body, filling her. It didn't hurt, but she felt so full she got nervous. "Wait!" she gasped.

Sam immediately stopped pushing and Dolly felt him begin to pull out of her. "No! Don't pull out," she snapped. "Just give me a minute," she added, afraid she would ruin everything. Sam remained motionless, his cock still inside her, but not as deep as he had been. So far nothing had hurt. "OK, go ahead," she whispered.

Sam began to push into her again, but this time even slower. There was no hurt, no screaming pain like some of the girls had said there would be. He did feel a lot bigger inside her than he had felt with her hand though. Dolly wondered what it would feel like when he "bottomed out" like they said in stories. So far he hadn't seemed to.

Sam stopped pushing into her. She hadn't told him to stop; in fact she felt he could go in even more. "Why did you stop? I didn't say to," she asked.

"I'm all the way in," he muttered.

"Oh," she mumbled, but inside she was smiling. She had taken all of him – no hurt or pain either. In fact, aside from feeling full, he felt good inside her. She began to relax and opened her legs more for him, no longer afraid. The longer he was inside of her, the better he felt as she became accustomed to the feelings.

Dolly wanted to reach down between their two bodies and rub herself. She could feel the fire within her and wanted to orgasm, but was too shy to do that. She sighed when Sam began to move, pulling out of her. Evidently he had had enough. It made her smile when he pulled out just a bit, then pushed back into her. Not only was she pleased, his moving felt even better. She opened her legs even more, giving him as much room and access to her as she could.

His occasional movements grew to where he was now slowly pulling out, then pushing back into her steadily. She could feel her climax getting closer. Steadily his pace quickened and his in and out movements became more pronounced. Dolly knew she would erupt soon. As Sam's pace continued to quicken, he reached the point where he was almost pulling out of her before he slammed back into her. His breathing sounded a little like thunder almost.

Suddenly he backed out too far and pulled completely out of her. In desperation Dolly reached down, found his cock, and guided it back into her pussy. He slammed back into her hard, triggering her climax. She had never orgasmed this hard before. Wave upon wave of pleasure washed over her. Suddenly Sam pushed down hard, grinding her bare ass into the floor. He stayed still for a moment, then began jerking movements. Dolly felt his cock twitching inside of her and suspected he was squirting again.

Sam's pumping slowed until he was still and on top of Dolly, but his cock still embedded within her. Dolly had ceased all movement as well. Sam was laying on her, but strangely didn't feel heavy even though his full weight was on her. It was more like a cuddly feeling. His cock was still inside her and even though neither was moving she could feel his cock slipping out. Too soon it fell out of her completely. Sam rolled off of her and lay down beside her.

Dolly could feel Sam's cum drooling out of her pussy. It was a strange feeling, something she had never felt before, but it really wasn't unpleasant. Both just stared at the ceiling for a few minutes recuperating. Dolly seemed to be the first to recover. She lifted her head and looked down expecting to see Sam's stiff cock. Instead what she saw was a soft, much smaller appendage drooping down between his legs.

"It went soft?" she muttered. Sam looked up puzzled. "Your... Um... You aren't hard anymore," she repeated, stammering because she didn't know what to call his penis.

"Your fault," he grinned.

"Did I do something? Are you hurt?" she gasped.

"No," he chuckled. "It goes soft after I cum."

"Can I touch it?" Dolly asked.

"Sure," Sam smiled.

Dolly reached down and grabbed Sam's now soft cock. It was limp, squishy, and much smaller. She rolled it around with her hand, completely mesmerized in the change in it. Her hands went to his balls, but they seemed about the same. She remembered hearing about boys going soft, but this wasn't exactly how she imagined it. Even the head was now completely covered with skin. She could pull back the skin and the head was still there, only smaller, but the skin went back over when released.

The drastic change fascinated her as she continued to study him. Surprisingly to her, as she played with his cock, it began to grow again. Within a few minutes it was again rock hard, just like it had been before. "It must like my touching it," she giggled.

"It does," Sam grinned. Dolly continued playing with him. "Do you want to do it again?" Sam asked.

"Yeah... but not now. We should get back to the others before they come looking for us," she sighed.

"We still have time," began Sam as they heard the barn door open, then close again. "Maybe not..." he frowned. Sam stood up, his cock still stiff, and walked to his clothes. Dolly watched him as he pulled up his underwear, covering her new found treasure. His pants and shirt quickly followed. Finally he sat back down and, as he put on his shoes and socks, asked, "Are you going to get dressed?"

"Oh... Yeah... Pass me my clothes?" Dolly sputtered as she was preoccupied watching Sam dress. Strangely she felt more embarrassed dressing in front of him than undressing. The first thing she grabbed was her dress and, while still seated, pulled it over her head covering herself. Sam reached over and zipped it up for her, which surprised and pleased her. She was going to grab her panties, but didn't see them. "Where are my panties?" she half spoke to herself.

Dolly looked up to see them balled up in Sam's hand. "Can I... um... keep them as sort of a memento?" he asked softly.

"That would mean I wouldn't be wearing any," Dolly commented. Sam smiled and nodded. "You won't tell anyone, will you?" Sam shook his head. Dolly pondered for a moment before saying, "You owe me. I'll let you have them, but I want something in return. I don't know what yet, but I'll think of something," she conditioned as she put her shoes on.

"Deal!" Sam grinned as he shoved the panties into his pocket. "Ready to go?"

"Yeah," Dolly answered as both stood up. Sam went to the ladder and started climbing down first. "I get it... You just want to see me again," she laughed as she stepped on the ladder. "Get a good look, but please don't try and look when we leave, OK?" Sam, of course agreed.

Sam reached the floor, but stayed at the ladder. Dolly knew he was looking at her. It made her feel sexy, daring, and strangely "older". She stopped and moved her feet so they were at the edge of each side of the ladder. Sam could see everything. Dolly was surprised her body reacted the way it did. She liked him seeing.

"You need to move so I can get down," Dolly giggled. Sam seemed reluctant to move, but did anyway.

Once on the floor, Dolly turned to face him. "What would you do if I lifted up your dress right now?" Sam chuckled.

"Try it and see," Dolly challenged as a smile formed on her face. Sam paused, then reached out slowly grabbing the sides of her dress, not sure what she was going to do. Dolly just stood there. Sam began bunching her dress up with his hands, slowly easing it up, but Dolly still did nothing. Still unsure what her reaction would be, but encouraged, he slowly lifted more until the bottom of her dress was at her waist; her pussy completely exposed.

Dolly didn't understand it, but she liked him looking. She brought her right hand forward to the bulge on his pants and began rubbing his stiff cock through his pants. Sam moved his hand to the center of her dress, just holding it with one hand. His free hand touched her naked pussy.

As much as she longed for his touch, she was afraid of being caught. She jumped back, away from him. "I didn't say you could touch me," she giggled, even though it was exactly what she wanted. "We gotta get back to the others. Would you be mad if I asked for my panties back? I know I said you could have them, but if someone sees I'm bare under my dress, like if it blows up or something, I'll be in big trouble and since I'm with you, so will you. I'll wear pants tomorrow and I promise I'll give you the panties I'm wearing then, OK?"

Sam reached into his pocket and held out the panties. She took them and slipped them on. "Thanks," she smiled.


Chapter 4

The sun was setting as Sam and Dolly left the barn. They circled around the house before joining the others, not taking the chance that someone would see they coming from the barn. It was like controlled confusion as everyone was preparing areas to sleep. Some were in tents, a few were sleeping in the house, and Dolly and her family had a camper.

Unfortunately Dolly's bed was a bunk that dropped down over her parent's bed. It gave her a separate space with curtains her mother had added for her – sort of. Normally she would finger herself to orgasm, but there was no way she could do that tonight with her parents right under her. She did put a finger in, examining herself though. Everything seemed like it always was, even though a lot had change since the previous night.

When she awoke, she found her parents were already up and there was a note on the table for her to come to the house for breakfast. Dolly opened her suitcase, pulled out jeans and a top, then remembered what she had told Sam. She looked over the panties she had brought. There was a pink pair, her favorite, which she didn't want to give him. Instead she chose a blue pair. They were nice, but she wasn't crazy over them. To her blue was for boys and she hardly ever wore blue.

Now dressed, she headed for the house. The kitchen was like a busy restaurant. Her mother was at the stove and noticed her walk in. "Here... enjoy," she told Dolly as she handed her a plate. She saw Sam at the table, so sat in the empty chair next to him. He smiled when he saw her.

"No dress today," he chuckled. Dolly grinned. "Wearing my panties?" he leaned over and whispered.

"Shhh..." Dolly blushed. "...and yes. Want to go up to the creek on the other side of the pasture today?" she suggested

"Sure," Sam smiled back. "Maybe we can go swimming."

The two ate quickly, then slipped out. This time they made no effort to hide as they headed toward the pasture. It was nice. There were woods on either side of the pasture providing shade. They walked leisurely chatting as they went. On the far side of the pasture were woods. The place on the creek where they were going was a short distance into the woods, even though the creek meandered through the open pasture. Dolly could remember, when there were more horses, they would drink from the creek.

It only took a few minutes to get to their spot. It was grassy with no trees growing, for some reason. They used to swim here. The creek was about 3 feet deep and it widened at this spot. "Do you want to... um... fool around?" Dolly asked. Of course Sam nodded enthusiastically.

Dolly, anxious for a repeat performance of yesterday, unbuttoned her jeans and lowered the zipper, revealing her blue panties. "Like 'em?" she grinned. Before Sam could answer, they heard a twig snap. Dolly quickly pulled her zipper back up and rebuttoned her jeans.

"Hi," Sam said and Dolly quickly turned around to see Jill approaching them. She was the next oldest girl after Dolly; about a year and a half younger.

"What are you doing here?" snapped Dolly.

"I didn't feel like playing kids' games and I heard you say you were coming out here, so I thought I'd come too. What are we going to do?" Jill explained.

"I don't know... Did you want to do something?" Sam answered.

"We could go in the creek... maybe swim," Jill suggested.

Dolly was furious. The last thing she wanted was Jill there. "Yeah, right! We have our suits in our pocket!" she snapped. "...or did you plan on skinny dipping? Oh, that's right. You're too little for that!"

"No I'm not! Me and my friends go skinny dipping all the time," Jill countered.

"Uh-huh... Well, this isn't your little girlfriends. In case you haven't noticed, Sam is a boy," Dolly mocked.

"My friends are girls AND boys!" Jill exaggerated. Actually she had only done it once. Her and two friends had been out. One of the girl's brother had bumped into them. Somehow the topic of discussion got around to swimming naked. The girl dared her brother to go swimming with them – all naked. He agreed! The brother and sister began undressing, goating the others to join them. In no time the brother, sister, and other girl were all naked and waded into the water. Jill stood there still wearing her panties. After some mocking and a lot of encouragement, Jill finally dropped her panties and joined the others. The whole incident lasted maybe 15 minutes before the brother said he was going and all dressed again.

"Oh, so you and your girlfriends... and boys, go skinny dipping all the time, huh?" questioned Dolly again, to which Jill nodded confidently. "OK then, let's do it. You get naked first and then we will, if you dare to," Dolly challenged.

"What if she does?" Sam whispered to Dolly.

"She won't," Dolly answered. Much to her surprise, though, Jill pulled her tee over her head, revealing her boy chest, then unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. Slowly and nervously she pushed on them, letting them fall. She stared at the ground, not moving, but just standing in a pair of pink polka dot panties. "Change your mind?" Dolly mocked.

"Fine!" Jill snapped as she hooked her thumbs in her panties and pushed them down so they puddled on top of her pants, which were around her ankles. "There! Now you do it!" Jill blurted.

Both Dolly and Sam were astonished. Neither expected her to actually do it. Dolly, after all her teasing and mocking, felt she had no choice now and began unbuttoning her top. Dolly's top fell to the ground and her jeans dropped. Sam still hadn't moved. "You gonna get undressed? Sorry I got you into this," Dolly whispered to Sam.

Sam reluctantly began undressing too. Dolly watched Jill as she stared at Sam's still covered crotch. She noticed that Jill had moved her hands so they were now covering her pussy and she seemed to be shifting nervously. Jill's eyes widened as Sam's jeans dropped, revealing the bulge in his underwear. Dolly glanced over and was surprised to see Sam wasn't hard. Dolly slipped her panties off and, noticing Sam was really nervous as his underwear dropped, said, "Come on, Sam, let's go into the water."

The two waded out until they were waist deep, then turned to see Jill still standing with her hands in front of her crotch and looking at the ground now. "Sorry I got you into this mess. Are you mad at me?" Dolly whispered to Sam and he shook his head. "You coming in?" Dolly scowled at Jill.

Jill walked in the water up to her knees, keeping her hands in front of her. "It's kinda cold," she muttered.

Dolly realized it wasn't the water that was cold, it was Jill. "If you want, you can go back," Dolly offered. Jill turned and walked to her clothes. "Wait," Dolly ordered and Jill turned to face her. "You saw Sam and he didn't cover himself. Move your hands so he can see you. It's only fair." Jill hung her head as she slowly brought her hands to her sides. "OK... Here's the deal. You weren't with us, you didn't see us, and you don't know where we are. If you say anything to anyone, I'll tell them it was all your idea, you stripped, and made us strip too."

"I won't say anything," Jill mumbled as she quickly dressed and ran off without even tying her shoes.

Dolly waded out of the water with Sam following. "Sorry, I didn't think she'd do it," she apologized to Sam again.

"It's OK," Sam comforted.

"Well, at least you got to see another naked girl," Dolly smiled. "Why aren't you hard?" she asked as her hand reached out. Almost as soon as she touched his limp cock, it began to stiffen. "Well, why weren't you hard?" she giggled. Sam reached for Dolly's pussy without answering. "Go make sure she's gone," Dolly requested.

"OK," Sam sighed as he reached for his clothes.

"I dare you to go naked," Dolly grinned. Sam grinned and nodded before he crept off hunched down.

Dolly picked out what seemed to be a soft spot on the grass and sat waiting for him to return. It seemed like only a minute had passed when he walked back up to her. "She's half way across the pasture," he informed her as he sat down next to her.

She looked over and saw him still hard. Slowly she leaned back onto her elbows and stretched her legs out. "Wanna fool around?" she whispered as her legs parted. Sam wasted no time moving between her legs. She felt his stiff cock on her belly. As she had yesterday, she reached down between them and Sam lifted slightly. Dolly grabbed his cock aiming it as her pussy. "OK," she murmured and he pushed forward. It made her wince slightly. She was more sore than she thought from the day before, but he still felt nice inside her.

Sam immediately began pumping. Dolly was already wet, but still a bit raw. It wasn't long before Sam grunted, pushed in, and she felt more comfortable. He had obviously cum, but was still hard. "Don't stop!" she encouraged. Sam started pumping again. The added lubrication of his cum was all she needed and Dolly erupted.

For the second time she had gotten fucked and climaxed. She had been having orgasms for almost a year now, by herself, but this way was so much better. Sam shot his load for a second time, then rolled off of her.

Neither moved for a while. Dolly had her eyes closed, savoring the pleasure her body gave her. She could feel cum oozing from her pussy and down her ass crack, but she didn't care. She didn't care that she was completely naked, her legs still parted, and Sam was right next to her. Two day ago she would have died from embarrassment, but now she almost hoped he was looking at her.

As her body settled, she became more aware of his cum drooling from her pussy and she also needed to pee. Rather than just squat behind a bush or something equally as crude, Dolly decided to wade into the water so she could clean off too. "Be right back," she mumbled as she stood and walked into the water.

Afraid he may be able to tell she was peeing, she kept her back to him. It only took a short time to accomplish her tasks and she turned to walk out of the water again. "You got a cute butt," Sam commented. He was propped up on his elbows watching her. His comment made her blush slightly, but she stopped and stood knee deep in the water, letting him look. He was naked too, his limp cock now drooping between his parted legs. He made no attempt to hide from her. It made her feel special and somewhat grown up.

"I don't have much to show yet," she said, attempting to pass off his compliment.

"I like your body," Sam replied.

"Thanks. I like yours too," she blushed.




