Bagging
by SDS

So I was bored skimming some sites when I came across some videos of Japanese girls getting there dress pulled up and then tied around their head. This I believe was called being bagged. [hard to search…] so anyway I loved the concept so thought I would write a short story about it.

Amelia and Rose whispered to each other while their cousin annoyingly blushed and flirted with the neighbourhood boys who lapped up the attention of the petite feminine girl in her pretty white summer dress. Clair was from the city and so seemed charming and cute to all these country boys. Amelia and Rose where twins at a similar age to Clair but where tomboyish and had grown up around these boys from the various other farms. Although they were all now at an age to be noticing boys the sheltered county life had the boys treating the twins much like any other boy for rough housing and games.

Amelia’s red hair was worn back in a ponytail and she wore a pair of loose shorts and a tank top. Rose’s hair was cut shorts and today she wore a pair of dungarees over the top of her green T-shirt to make sure they didn’t look too similar. Clair was visiting them for the week and unlike her cousins had a pale smooth skin and long blond curly hair, unlike the twins she was a very much girly girl without the scrapes and grazers of roughhousing and playing outdoors.

So what d’ya wana do with her? Asked Rose grinning at her sister. Amelia thought hard and the two started to discussion options. “Throw her in the mud?” the two giggled but decided against it there mum would go spare if she came back with the dress ruined. “Well she likes showing off dun’ she?” said Rose suddenly “ye?” replied her sister. “So why dun we show her off? You know lets pants her show her posh knickers to the boys” Amelia Laughed “You can’t pants someone in a dress you gota pull it up” said Rose rolling her eyes “you know what I mean” Amelia nodded and looked thoughtful for a time. “you know we could always bag her” Rose went wide eyed for a moment a slight blush coming to her face, then a massvie smile split her mouth and she nodded.

A year before Rose had gone through a phase of wanting to be more of a girly girl and subsequently stated to wear dresses and skirts her sister taunted her a lot for this and even lifted her skirt up a few times to show her how silly it was. Finally one day rose had been wearing her dress and hanging around with her sister and the local boys but mainly just hanging out not joining in, so Amelia had taken it upon herself to Bag her. She had snug up behind her sister pulled the dress up over her head and tied it with a loose rope, Rose had been totally humiliated but since that day had realised she preferred to be a tomboy.

So the plan was in place Rose ran back to the house to get some washing line, when she came back both of them trying to hide a smirk walked over to Clair who was watching a few boys wrestle trying to show off to her. She had a few wild flowers in her hair that the boys had found for her. “Shut up Rose, Clair wouldn’t want to play that with us she’s too posh and city like” said Amelia. This instantly got everyone’s attention. “Play what asked Clair sweetly”

“Nothing it doesn’t matter it’s not your kind of thing, you gota be daring and fun” said Amelia.
“Come on sis at least let her try it, you never know I’m sure she’s not the cry baby she used to be any more” said Rose trying not to laugh.

“Pfft, I bet she’s never even heard of Bagging” said Amelia.

“I’m not a cry baby, and I have heard of it, we play it all the time at home” lied Clair trying to put on some front and not be seen as a cry baby in front of the boys.

And just like that the plan was set. At the mention of it the boys had gone very silent only two of the boys had seen it happen to Rose and that was only briefly with a girl they thought of as a sister.

“go on then you go first then put your hands in the air” said Amelia sceptically. Slowly moving into position.

Clair wasn’t sure what was happening but she was going to try and bluff her way through it. And so she put her arms into the air, the boys watched as her dress raised slightly and blew in the wind.

Both sisters moved quickly catching poor Clair off guard. The dress was pulled up and over her head and once up there was tied up with her arms with the washing line which rose had ready. She screamed a muffled scream totally confused at what had happened. Her legs where shaking as the cool breeze blew against her exposed skin. The dress now covered nothing under her breasts you could just see the bottom of her small white bra but that was small comfort has she stood there half naked.

Her pale legs above her ankle socks where fully exposed and the boys got an unblocked view of her knickers. They were white with pink stitching around the edges, what mortified her even more was that they had pink teddy bear print all around them. The boys stared at the poor girl exposing all her stomach and belly button. She struggled the boys where silent and the girls laughed their heads off at their cousin’s exposure. The pointed and laughed at her butt where her knickers had come down a little exposing the top of her butt crack.

“Stop looking, stop looking at me” shouted Clair desperate but struggling in vain with her bonds. “Please get it off me please” screamed Clair still dancing about in front of the boys. She couldn’t think of anything worse she couldn’t see anything through the thick fabric but she knew that she was stood in front of a large gang of boys showing all her underwear.

“Take off the dress?” asked the twins innocently

“No the tie please, why are you doing this to me.” Screamed Clair sobbing slightly.

“Nope we’ll leave you like this its too fun to watch you can get free like that or you’re going to have to take the dress off to untie yourself fully.” The girls laughed again knowing their cousin was only wearing a bra underneath as was apparent from how she was stuck.

She fought like a trooper but still the knots above her head where too tight and she realised she had no choice. “please look away boys” she begged and quickly pulled the dress with her hands all the way off. However none of the boys had taken their eyes off her as the skinny girl with the blond curly hair pealed herself out of her dress revealing for a few seconds her small white bra covering her small breasts. For just over a second she realised the full depths of her humiliation stood there bare except her bra and panties exposed to the worlds while five boys watched her. She screamed and jumped to the floor hiding under her dress. She feebly worked the knot but her shaking hands could not do it.

“Ok how about a deal cuz, I’ll undo that for you and you promise not to tell anyone we did this to you?” Clair nodded relief washing her red wet face.

Amelia bent down over her cousin and started to undo the knot and once it was done stood up taking the dress with her. Clair screamed covering her underwear the best she. Amelia held it up as if she was going to dress Clair and told her to stand up as she did she had to put her arms out to allow her cousin to dress her giving the boys one last good look at her nearly naked body.

