No Knickers At Show
by Septimus©


Hi, I'm Joanne. I would like to tell you about my memorable day out at the motor 
show at the National Exhibition Centre here in England.

The weekend before the motor show I had been trying to talk my boyfriend into 
buying me a beautiful leather coat that I had seen in a local shop, but he said 
that it was far too dear and there was little chance of me having it. I was 
rather disappointed, but it was very expensive.

The subject was raised again on the evening before the show. This time my 
boyfriend was a little more receptive, and after a while he said that it might 
be possible for me to have the coat, but I would have to do something for him in 
return. When I asked him what it was he said that he would tell me in the 
morning.

While I was showering next morning he asked if I still wanted the coat. I said 
of course I did. He said that in that case I must do exactly everything he said 
for the rest of the day. I was a little concerned, but agreed as long as I got 
the coat in the end.

The first thing that I was told to do was dress in the clothes that he had laid 
out on the bed to wear to the show. I walked into the bedroom and saw that he 
had selected my very short, tight leather mini skirt and a tight, low-cut top. I 
went over to the dressing table to find some underwear, but he said that I was 
only to wear what was on the bed. In other words, no underwear whatsoever. I 
pulled on the top and struggled into the very tight skirt. When I looked in the 
mirror I saw that my nipples were only just covered and the skirt almost showed 
the shaven lips of my cunt.

I said, "I can't go out in this," but he said that if I didn't than there was no 
new leather coat. I thought what the hell, and said that I would go through with 
it.

When we got in the car my skirt rode up so high that it was impossible to keep 
my cunt covered. We drove away and during the trip to the show my boyfriend kept 
slipping his hand between my legs and playing with my cunt, getting me quite 
worked up and rather wet.

We arrived at the show rather early and we made our way to the entrance. I was 
aware of everyone looking at me and hoped that they couldn't see too much. 
Because we were early the doors were not yet open and we had to stand outside in 
a queue. I could feel the breeze blowing up my short skirt and making me 
desperate for a pee, but there was nowhere to go. I squeezed my legs together as 
tightly as I could and managed to hold on. The doors were eventually opened and 
as we shuffled forward to go in I felt a small dribble of pee escape and run 
down my leg. I managed to reach the ladies without further mishap but started to 
pee as soon as I went in. I ran to a cubicle pulling my skirt up as I went and 
showing my knickerless state to those inside. I wiped my wet legs with a handful 
of tissue and went back to my boyfriend. I could see the large bulge in his 
jeans and knew that he had a hard on.

We had quite an enjoyable morning looking at all the exhibits although I was 
very conscious of my lack of underwear. I was afraid to bend over in case my 
nipples popped out or my naked cunt showed under my skirt. I would have liked to 
sit in some of the lovely cars, but this was quite impossible.

At about lunch time we arrived at the Jaguar stand and I managed to get to the 
front of the crowd gathered there and lean on the rail to view the cars. I felt 
several people pressing against me to try to get a better view. Suddenly I felt 
a hand on the top of my leg level with the hem of my skirt. I knew that my 
boyfriend was behind me so I didn't move it away. Then it started to move 
upwards under my skirt and stroke the cheeks of my bare behind. This continued 
for several minutes and then it moved down between my legs. I parted them 
slightly and the hand caressed the lips of my cunt. Being shaven, I'm quite 
sensitive there and began to get aroused and rather damp. One, then two fingers 
slipped into my now open cunt and started to finger fuck me. I held onto the 
rail and bit my lip trying not to make a sound and attract those around me. My 
cunt was lubricating copiously now and the juices were starting to run down my 
legs. My poor cunt was on fire and I knew that I would come soon. Suddenly it 
hit me. My legs went weak and I had to hold onto the rail tightly to avoid 
toppling over. My juices flooded out of me and dripped to the floor. I was so 
afraid that those around me knew what had happened that I turned to run away and looked straight into the face of the man who had just finger fucked me. It 
wasn't my boyfriend at all, but a well dressed man in his forties. He grinned at 
me as I pushed past and whispered "You sexy little bitch." I found my boyfriend 
a few yards further along, he was totally unaware of what had just happened.

The rest of the day was fairly uneventful although I'm sure a few people got 
glimpses of my tits and cunt as I became bolder. I know one salesman got a good 
eyeful as I got into one car and my skirt rose almost to my waist. I tugged it 
down, but not too quickly. I was beginning to really enjoy this and made a 
mental note to go out more often without my knickers.

My boyfriend was true to his word, and the following morning I got my new 
leather coat.

That evening we were going to the pub and I said that I wanted to wear my new 
coat. I wanted to give my boyfriend a nice surprise. He parked the car in the 
pub car park and I got out. Nobody was about. I asked how he liked my new coat 
and did a little twirl. Then I undid the belt and buttons and held it open. He 
certainly was surprised for underneath I was completely naked.




 