Born To Be Naked
by atarizona79

Jasmine is an average girl except that she is always naked..

Chapter 1

It was a beautiful morning in early summer months in a small coastal town in the state of Goa, India. This place was a hidden gem with virtually no tourism. On the west side there was a long stretch of pristine beaches and mountains lined the east side of this secluded town. This small community enjoyed all the comforts of the modern world, thanks to the administration of the town led by Andrew D'Souza for the last thirty years.

Andrew had suffered a heart attack that morning. An ambulance was rushing him to the hospital. He was accompanied by his family that included his wife Rosie, 23 years old son, James, and 21 years old daughter Jasmine. The ambulance arrived at the emergency entrance of the hospital and killed the blaring sound.

Neha Singh, a very young doctor who had recently completed her internship, was in charge of emergencies that day. She immediately swung into action and was being briefed by a nurse as they were running through the lobby. When they were about to enter the ICU, Neha stopped just for a moment. A second ago, in the lobby, she noticed the patient's family huddled together. A young man was holding an old woman and a young woman in each arm, consoling them. It is a very common sight at hospitals. However something she noticed through her peripheral vision was totally out of place.

"I think the younger woman in the man's embrace is naked," whispered Dr. Neha to the nurse.

"Oh yeah, that would be Jasmine," the nurse said.

As if it explained everything. And the nurse closed the doors.

A couple of hours later Dr. Neha stepped out of the ICU. Patient's family was surrounded by many people. Some of them rushed towards her, the patient's wife was ahead of them all.

"Mrs. D'Souza?" Dr. Neha asked.

Mrs. D'Souza was shaken but managed to ask, "Yes, that's me. How is my husband?"

"He is doing fine now. We ran several tests and there will be a few more later today. It was a mild heart attack, as you may have suspected, but he is out of danger now," Dr. Neha assured her.

James and Jasmine made their way out of the crowd and stood next to Mrs. D'Souza holding hands. Neha still could not believe what she was seeing right in front of her. Jasmine was standing there stark naked. She did not have a stitch of clothes on her body. Neha quickly sized her up. Jasmine was about 5 and a half feet tall, had silky black hair reaching to her shoulders. She had beautiful brown colored eyes, and had full lips on her slightly round face. Her breasts were probably the best Neha had seen so far. They were perfectly round with rose bud nipples. She was standing with her legs crossed but from what Neha could see, she had perfectly waxed pubes. With such a beautiful face and a figure that any girl would kill for, Jasmine could easily pass for a model or a film star.

Mrs. D'Souza introduced them, "This is my daughter Jasmine and he is my son James."

Her voice snapped Neha back to reality. She had a strong urge to ask why on earth she was naked but she was too astonished to say anything. Being a doctor, she had seen her share of naked bodies. But this was something altogether different.

Neha thought, even considering the worst case scenario where they had rushed their father to the hospital and Jasmine didn't even waste a minute to wear something, assuming she was already naked, it did not make any sense that nobody, especially her family thought of draping her with a sheet or something once they were at the hospital. And if it wasn't enough, nobody around her seemed to be bothered by her nudity. Everyone was behaving as if everything was absolutely normal.

Neha was called out to another emergency and had to leave.

She was occupied for the rest of the day but she constantly had Jasmine in the back of her mind. She did not see her again that day and did not get an opportunity to ask anyone about what was the deal with the naked girl.

Next morning, Neha was on her rounds to check on her patients. She was satisfied with Andrew's numbers on the chart.

She was making some notes while chatting with him when someone called out in a sweet voice behind her, "Hello Doctor, may I come in?"

Neha, without turning, said, "Please come in, I will be out of here in a minute."

As Neha looked up from her notepad, she saw the cutest naked bubble butt walking towards Andrew's bed. Obviously it was Jasmine. She was wearing only a pair of sneakers and carried a small purse over her shoulder. She sat on the edge of the bed next to her father. She then reached out to hold his hand and brought it closer to her cheeks. Leaning her face on his hand, she closed her eyes. She was probably just thankful for him alive and contemplating how badly it could have turned out.

Neha couldn't help but notice that her succulent bare breasts were brushing against the back of her father's hairy arm. Her father was unfazed by that touch and patted her head with the other hand as if to assure her that the worst was over. Despite Jasmine's out of place nudity, it was an emotional picture.

Neha could not take her eyes off Jasmine. She did not want to leave the room even though her business there was over.

"How are you doing, Dad?" Jasmine asked after a few quiet moments when she just stayed there with her eyes closed.

"I am absolutely fine darling. In fact, I am ready to go back home."

"Mr. D'Souza, we are keeping you under observation for the next 36 hours, if not longer," Neha said. If she could, she would keep him there forever just to see Jasmine everyday.

"You got to listen to the Doctor's orders, Dad," Jasmine said in an authoritative tone. "We were so worried when you collapsed yesterday without any warning. Mom has been an absolute wreck since yesterday."

"I know, dear. I had to force her to go home last night; she was not ready to leave my side. If it was up to her, she would have slept here next to me all night."

"And do you know what she did the first thing today? She woke me up and sent me here to check on you. She did not even let me get dressed. Look at me," Jasmine stood up and circled around herself as if to prove that she was really naked. Then she looked at him with a completely innocent face and fluttered her eyelashes.

The daughter and father burst into laughter together. Neha felt like an intruder in their inside joke, which she obviously did not understand.

After spending a few minutes, Jasmine looked at the clock and said, "Oh God! I have to run, or I will be late for college. Bye Dad, bye Doc."

And with that she was gone. Neha thought her father would say something about Jasmine, probably to defend her nudity, but all he said was, "God bless that child!"

Neha wondered if she was rushing to get dressed for college. After all, who goes to college naked? She knew that schools and colleges can be brutal places for anyone. Going naked to college is nothing short of commiting suicide. She convinced herself that Jasmine would go home, get dressed and then go to college.

Later that evening, Neha was leaving for the day. She noticed from the end of the lobby that Jasmine was back at the hospital. It was not difficult to spot that girl. She was perched over the counter talking to someone at the reception. Jasmine's bare breasts were pressed on the glass countertop and her flattened nipples could be seen from the bottom side of the glass. It reminded Neha of how they used to press their noses against the car window as kids.

"Hey Jasmine, how was your day at the college?" Neha asked as she reached the reception.

Jasmine straightened up and stood facing Neha.

"It was great. We are almost at the end of the semester. I will be graduating soon."

"Did you come here straight from your college?" Neha had to ask even if she sounded nosy.

"Yes, I did, why? My college is only two blocks away from here." Jasmine said, pointing in the general direction of her college.

Neha did not answer the question. Instead she updated Jasmine on her father's health status to divert her question.

Jasmine left and Neha's gaze kept following her until she disappeared in her father's room.

Neha approached the reception and signed herself out on the iPad. She knew the hospital clerk, Rita, well enough. She was like a nice motherly lady who brought some homemade food last week for her. Rita seemed to be wrapping up for the day.

Neha asked, "Hey, Rita, are you leaving?"

"Yes, madam, was there anything you need me to take care of?" she said, setting her purse down.

"No, no. I was just wondering if you have no plans for the evening, maybe we could go out for a drink."

Rita gladly accepted.

As they were walking towards Neha's car, Rita said, "It is a bit early for the only place in the town to open where we could go get a drink."

Neha considered it for a moment, "In that case, is it okay if we go to my place?"

"Of course it is okay."

It took them only a few minutes to reach Neha's house. Neha showed her bar and went for a quick shower. When Neha stepped out, showered and wearing her pajamas, Rita had already poured two glasses of wine and was reading something on her phone. Neha sat on the sofa across from Rita.

After a small talk, Neha said, "Rita, you know I just moved here last week and don't know much about this place or even this state. I applied for an internship here because I thought this being a very remote place, would be in need of doctors and good facilities. I was surprised looking at this town, to say the least. I liked it here, though it is too early to say. Before coming here, I used to think there was nothing I hadn't seen. But, boy was I wrong? I am unable to wrap my head around the fact that there is a totally naked girl strolling in this town as if it is nobody's business. I mean how is that even possible? What about her parents, family, society, authorities, moral police and media? How did..."

Rita interrupted, "Sorry madam..."

Neha corrected her with a smile, "Call me Neha, please."

"Sure. Neha, I know how shocking it would be to you. We are so used to it that I don't think anyone thought of mentioning it to you sooner. All your bewilderment is totally justified. Let me start at the beginning.

D'Souzas have been our neighbors since I got married and came to this town years ago. Jasmine and my daughter, Beth, are about the same age and the best friends. They literally grew up together and Rosie and I have been like their second mothers. I still remember the joyful moments when we both were pregnant and both gave birth to beautiful daughters just a week apart. Jasmine was born first and Beth about a week later.

I remember it all so clearly. Jasmine never liked wearing any clothes and she was always naked. I think I saw her in clothes only a very few times, maybe during festivals or on some special occasions.

She is the baby in the house and got away with it when she was young. Mr. D'Souza practically owns more than half of the town including schools and colleges. He is also politically influential. So people in the town and authorities did not really have the stomach to say anything about Jasmine's public nudity. It was Jasmine's mother who was tired of all the gossip as Jasmine grew older. Can you even blame her? Which mother in this world would tolerate that? I also tried to talk her out of it but it did not help.

Even being her best friend, my daughter never showed any interest in being nude herself, thank God! She is too shy, exactly opposite of Jasmine. Except for her nudity issues though, Jasmine is a daughter any mother would envy.

But like I said, her mother couldn't deal with all the criticism. She forced Mr. D'Souza to send her to a boarding school hoping that it will help her outgrow. Jasmine completed her 12th grade there and returned back home right after her eighteenth birthday. I remember it because it was Beth's 18th birthday the following week.

Jasmine hadn't changed a bit. If anything, she got bolder when she was away. Her mom had restricted her from being out in public as much as possible. But after she was back from the boarding school, she started going anywhere and everywhere naked.

There she was, at Beth's biggest birthday party, standing next to Beth completely naked. Of course, Beth didn't mind, she was happy to have her best friend back. Beth still has a framed picture in her room hugging her naked friend tightly right after the cake was cut.

Jasmine started attending college here. Her mother told me that she had offered her two choices for college. First was to start wearing clothes and go to either of two colleges in the town or stay naked and she can only go to girls' commerce college. Jasmine obviously chose the girls' college. Beth tagged along with her. However weird it sounds, a clothed girl hanging out with a completely naked girl every day, all day, I must say, it was a beautiful sight.

What happened in the next three years changed a lot of things for Jasmine and this town. She immersed herself in social work to care for the poor and unprivileged. Our hospital was one of her initiatives. She started a new school. She helped bring two factories to the town and created employment. She became a sweetheart, a naked angel and people started looking at her beyond her nudity. Her father is her strongest supporter and he does not seem to mind at all that she is naked in front of everybody all the time. As far as mainstream media, her father has kept them away from her. She still appears in the local newspapers with black strips covering her private parts."

This was beyond imagination for Neha. After a few drinks and some more chit chat, Rita left. Now that Neha knew a lot more about Jasmine, she ached for more. She kept replaying images of Jasmine in her mind. How her hair looked like waves and her boobs bounced so gently and her perfectly shaped ass swayed when she walked through hospital corridors answering everyone's greetings. How she was so natural and perhaps even more confident than a woman in a business suit when surrounded by crowds at the hospital. Neha did not want to but needed to know more about Jasmine. She could hardly wait to see the Goddess again. She kept dreaming about Jasmine all night.

Next morning, Neha went for a quick morning jog in the park next to their bungalow community. She was probably halfway on the track when she saw Jasmine, running and heading towards her. She was not fully naked though. She was wearing a black sports bra but no bottoms that day.

As they were face to face, Jasmine stopped and rested both her hands on hips. She was sweaty all over. A bang of her hair got loose and she flipped it.

Catching her breath Jasmine said, "Good morning, Doc. I didn't see you on the track before. First time here?"

"Good Morning! Yep, my first time here, I thought I needed some workout," Neha said.

"Oh come on Doc! You are in perfect shape. This was my last lap, I am going to cool down for a few minutes," Jasmine said, pointing to the benches nearby.

They sat on the benches facing each other. Jasmine absentmindedly sat with her legs apart. She removed the band from her ponytail and shook her head side to side. Her pussy lips were parted giving Neha a full view of cleanly shaved pussy.

Jasmine immediately noticed Neha's hesitance and crossed her legs. "Sorry Doc, I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable."

Neha replied, "I should be the one apologizing, ogling at your pussy!"

Jasmine started laughing, "If you don't mind, then I don't mind."

Neha spoke next, "Jasmine, I will be honest. I think you are the greatest girl I have ever met. I couldn't even imagine what kind of courage is needed to stay in nude in front of everyone and have them love you for something much greater. I could not dare strip in my roommate's presence when I was staying at the hostel."

Jasmine blushed. She did not hear this too often.

Jasmine said, "Thanks doc. That's nice of you to say. I never feel the need to cover up. This seems like the most natural thing to do."

A moment of silence passed. An elderly couple on their morning walk stopped near them for a quick chat. Later a group of four young guys, probably college students, jogged by and greeted her with, "Hey, Jasmine".

Jasmine returned each greeting with a smile..

"By the way," Jasmine said, breaking the silence between them, "Mom wanted to invite you for dinner over the weekend. Before you ask why, this is a small community and it is a tradition of my family to welcome new members."

"That's very nice of your family."

"Does Saturday evening work for you? Hopefully Dad is discharged by then."

"Yeah, it works," Neha said. Then in a teasing tone she asked, "Jasmine, what's with the bra today?"

Jasmine laughed, "I know, right! I am not always naked; I wear this at least for an hour each day."

With that she pulled her bra over her head. She said goodbye to Neha and started walking towards the park exit. Neha did not even make an attempt to not stare at the perfect figure till she disappeared.

Over the course of the next few days, Neha ran into Jasmine a few times. Neha still could not get used to seeing Jasmine naked and each time her heart raced at her sight.

Finally it was Saturday, after a week that seemed to be very long. Jasmine had called Neha earlier that day to remind her about the dinner plan.

Neha didn't have to worry too much about what to wear that evening. She knew that she wouldn't be judged based on her attire. She chose a simple white blouse and a denim skirt.

When she arrived at the D'Souzas, she thought that it was a much bigger house than she had imagined. It was almost a mansion.

Jasmine's mother answered the door and welcomed her warmly. Neha handed her a basket of fresh vegetables she picked up on her way. The house was filled with the aroma of rice cooking.

"So glad you could make it," Jasmine's mother said, letting her in. Pointing towards the large sitting area she said, "Please make yourself comfortable." She called out for Jasmine.

Jasmine and a young woman about her own age descended down the stairs. As they reached down Jasmine did the introductions, "This is Beth, my best friend since I could remember. And Beth, this is Neha, new doctor at our hospital."

Jasmine, as Neha expected and hoped for, was totally naked. Today she was not even wearing shoes, a hat or any other accessory. She did not seem to be fond of jewelry as well because she wasn't wearing any. It made her appear more naked, if that was even possible. Beth was wearing worn out jeans and a yellow top. Neha remembered and silently agreed with what Beth's mother had said about seeing them together like this was indeed a beautiful sight.

Jasmine gave Neha a house tour, Neha was hoping for it when she saw the house from outside. It was obvious that D'Souzas were a pretty wealthy family. Carefully picked furniture, antiques, plush carpets provided each room with an elegant look. There were several family pictures on the walls. Neha stopped and inquisitively looked at all of them. In most of the pictures Jasmine was completely naked. She made a mental note of asking Jasmine about these pictures at some other time. Neha liked all the pictures but one of them was immediately her favorite. In that picture, Jasmine was cooking something and was wearing a tiny apron without anything underneath. Only her right breast popped out because the apron sat unevenly on her shoulders. A bang of loose hair was hanging low. The picture was taken from behind her and she was half turned to pose. So the picture captured Jasmine's full ass, her right breast and her innocent face with the most beautiful smile Neha had ever seen.

All those pictures were also a confirmation of what Rita had told Neha about Jasmine. The pictures were taken over several years and on various occasions and, oh boy, it was clear that this girl hated clothes. Neha almost didn't recognize Jasmine in one of the pictures where she was dressed in a long gown. They had a pretty good laugh about it.

Jasmine's father was in his bedroom, about to go to the dining room. Girls spent a few minutes with him. Jasmine's brother had just arrived and was waiting for them at the dining table.

"Dinner is ready," Jasmine's mother called out.

Jasmine and Neha sat on one side of the table, facing Jasmine's brother and Beth, and mom and dad sat at each end. It was a multiple course meal and Neha liked every bite of it.

The conversation at the table was light and filled with a lot of laughter. Neha liked how down to earth the family was and she instantly felt at home with them. She also noticed that Jasmine's family was very accustomed to her nudity. Not once did anyone say or do something that could be because a naked girl was sitting at the table where everyone else was fully clothed.

Jasmine's father asked Neha, "So Dr. Neha, how do you like our town? Is there anything that we could do to make your transition here easier?"

"I liked this place. I am still getting used to it but I like it so far," Neha said, this time with a bit more confidence.

"Did you go sightseeing? Not that there is a lot to see but we got a few pretty places you might like," Mr. D'Souza said.

"Do you want me to take you around, Neha," Jasmine asked. "We can go tomorrow. We can start with lunch at the beach shack and then check out a few spots till sunset."

"That sounds great," Neha said, already picturing a day out with a gorgeous naked girl.

After the dinner, Jasmine's mother and father retired to their bedroom and Jasmine's brother went to the study room.

Jasmine opened a bottle of wine and the girls sat out on the porch with their glasses. Weather was nice and warm with an occasional breeze.

After a few glasses their conversation got much lighter. Neha asked, "Jasmine, first of all, my apologies, I asked someone at the hospital about your lifestyle and learnt a few things about you. It was totally inappropriate on my part."

"No worries, Neha," Jasmine said, patting Neha's knee, "I would do the same if I were you. It is not everyday you come across somebody like me."

"If you don't mind, can I ask you something?" Neha asked.

"Go ahead, I have nothing to hide," Jasmine winked.

"How did you get here?" Neha asked with a gesture showing Jasmine's naked body.

"It is a long story. I never thought I would be able to do it, I mean be naked 24/7 and go on with normal life simultaneously. I think, I am an extreme exhibitionist. I like the thrill of being naked in front of other people. However, I am a bit different than most of the exhibitionists. They typically flash or streak and are sneaky most of the times. I am fearless like a big cat. I don't carry a little dress to slip on quickly. Heck, I don't own more than a couple of dresses that are accumulating dust in my closet. Last time I wore proper clothes was a few months back!

My parents dragged me to a few shrinks and I fully cooperated with them to get cured if it indeed were some mental illness. The shrinks separately and unanimously concluded that I am mentally alright. Their reports, which my parents shared with me later, concluded that if I am forced to wear clothes, I may comply but that would most certainly have several negative impacts on my mind and body. And they also stated that if I were allowed to be naked anytime, anywhere, as I wished, I would probably achieve great heights.

My mother accepted their diagnosis, however, she was not willing to let me go naked in public and become an object of lust. She had no issues with my nudity in and around the house as well as in front of immediate family. My parents also tried to keep me away from home with a hope that it would help.

There was a period when I forced myself to wear clothes for ten days straight just for the sake of my mother. The results were devastating. When doctors examined me, they were certain that I would die because of depression and there was nothing they could possibly do to save me. It was then that my mother told me that she did not give a damn about the world anymore. All she wanted was a healthy daughter and she couldn't care less if she was wearing clothes. My dad always supported me and I am sure he helped convince my mom."

"Wow! That is incredible. I didn't know this part. You have been through a lot," Neha said, hugging Jasmine.

Beth chimed in, "I think your father is the coolest one with your nudity. I saw you sitting in his lap playfully many times totally nude. I cannot do that with my father while I am fully clothed and cannot even imagine doing that while I am naked. You guys are definitely much closer and open to each other than most fathers and daughters.

Remember Jasmine, when you were called to hand over trophies after a cricket tournament. The crowd went wild and erupted in cheering when you walked into the stadium holding your head high with a cricket bat on your shoulder wearing nothing but gloves?"

"Now that was fun, wasn't it?" Jasmine said, laughing and probably remembering the details. "Do you know, Neha, I am the only woman on the board of our hospital? And I am naked in every board meeting among all the men. You should have seen their faces when I walked in the board meeting for the first time. They must have thought I would be dressed up being an executive but, hey, I make my own rules. I have given speeches, participated in sports, volunteered at charities, attended events and pretty much done everything you can imagine while being completely naked."

Setting her glass down, Neha said, "I understand how your family supports you. How do other people react up close? Aside from family honor, aren't there any safety concerns in going around like this?"

Jasmine shifted in her chair, "Well, safety concerns are always there but no more than any other well clad woman has. As far as family reputation, my father does not believe in that BS."

Neha was silent for a moment looking into her glass, taking it all in. When she looked up her eyes met with Jasmine's. They both held the gaze a minute too long. Beth had to clink her glass to break their trance. It was obvious they adored each other very much.

"Well, I should get going," Neha said, rising from her chair.

Girls hugged each other.

"Should I pick you up at about noon for sightseeing, Neha?" Jasmine asked as Neha was getting in the car.

"Deal," Neha said before she drove away.

Neha was ready an hour before their scheduled time to go sightseeing. She was wearing jeans shorts and a red tank top that ended right above her belly button. She was subconsciously listening for any sounds of Jasmine's arrival. She heard an engine sound outside and knew it would be Jasmine.

Neha stepped out and when she looked at Jasmine she knew she was in love with this girl on a motorcycle. She took a good long look at Jasmine before descending from her porch. Jasmine was sitting naked on a motorcycle with both her legs stretched out touching the ground. She was wearing knee high brown riding boots. Her hands held onto the handles. A pair of round sunglasses sat on her nose bridge but her eyes were visible on top of them. The nipples on her perfectly round, firm breasts were erected and pointing straight forward.

"If you are done looking at me shall we go?" Jasmine smiled and asked.

Without saying anything Neha climbed behind Jasmine. She slid one hand very slowly beginning on the right side of Jasmine's bare torso. She did the same on the other side till both her hands were around Jasmine's waist.

Holding Jasmine tight, she whispered in her ear, "Jasmine, I love you!"

Jasmine slowly turned her head towards Neha. Their lips were almost touching now. Neha was holding her breath to see how Jasmine would react. She knew it was a sudden and bold move on her part but she was helpless, driven solely by her heart.

"I love you too, Neha," Jasmine said in a sultry voice. Neha sighed, relieved, and they started kissing passionately as if they were lovers forever.

Neha's hands moved up and started fondling Jasmine's breasts, slowly massaging them and occasionally pinching the erect nipples.

Jasmine broke the kiss and leaned her head on Neha's shoulder, facing forward, eyes shut, moaning. Taking it as a sign to move on, Neha slid her right hand down Jasmine's flat stomach, only stopping for a moment to explore her belly button. Neha's fingers kept sliding down till they were inside Jasmine's warm and wet pussy.

"Oh my Gosh! Neha, right there," cried Jasmine.

"You like it, don't you?" Neha said, increasing her pace.

"I am gonna come, oh my, I am gonna come, Neha..faster, faster."

This continued for a few minutes and Jasmine came, still sitting on her motorcycle. Neha held her until her breathing returned back to normal.

They continued with their kiss which was interrupted earlier. "Now I am ready to go sightseeing," Neha said, breaking the kiss.

"Let me get cleaned up before we head out in the town. People always see me naked but they have never seen my pussy dripping like this," Jasmine said, wiping off her pussy with two fingers. She inserted her wet fingers in Neha's mouth. Neha sucked on Jasmine's fingers deliciously.

"Let's get you cleaned up inside," Neha said.

With that they went inside, holding hands and closed the door behind them.


Chapter 2

Neha's two bedroom house was modest but very neat and clean. Jasmine kept following Neha hoping that she would be shown a bathroom. Instead she was led into Neha's bedroom. Neha suddenly turned around and they stood facing each other. Jasmine made the first move and started removing Neha's clothes. She unbuttoned her shorts and it fell around her feet. Neha kicked it away. Then she pulled Neha's top over her head. She was not wearing underwear or bra. As soon Neha was naked, they hugged. Their boobs crushed against each other and were squeezed between their bodies.

The kiss this time was just as hungry as they devoured each other's sweetness. Jasmine gently pushed Neha and sat her on the bed. She got on her knees and buried her face in Neha's thighs. Neha slowly lied on her back and closed her eyes. Neha's whole body shivered at the intense pleasure that Jasmine was giving her. Jasmine herself was wet all over once again. While she was enjoying Neha's womanly juices, she couldn't hold herself anymore and her hand reached down to start rubbing her own pussy.

Neha sat up and pulled Jasmine on the bed. As if the next move was orchestrated, they got into sixty-nine position with Jasmine climbing up on the bed and Neha quickly turning 180 degrees under her. Both of them got busy getting and giving as much pleasure as humanly possible to each other without holding anything back. Neha came first followed by Jasmine right behind

Jasmine turned around and kissed Neha. Then she fell on her back and lay down next to her. Both of them said nothing but continued to enjoy the bliss quietly. A few minutes later when Jasmine turned her head to look at Neha, she found her asleep. Jasmine sat up to take a good look at Neha's naked body. This was the first time she was really seeing her. Neha turned on her side, still sleeping, and was facing Jasmine. Neha was paler than Jasmine. Her long legs were toned due to regular running. Her proportionate hips gave away to a narrow waistline. She had a small ring pierced on her belly button which Jasmine didn't notice earlier. Pink nipples on her slightly bigger than Jasmine's own boobs, were still hard. Jasmine lay down and held the hard nipple in her mouth slowly sucking on it. Neha, still asleep, instinctively pulled Jasmine's head closer and crossed her leg over her body.

Neha woke up a few minutes later. This time, Jasmine was asleep but held Neha's nipple between her lips. Neha thought she must have fallen asleep while sucking on it. Neha didn't want to wake her up but she had to go pee. She slowly pulled her breast away from Jasmine. With this movement, Jasmine stirred but remained asleep and her lips tightened their grip on Neha's nipple. It only made things worse for Neha. She gave it a few seconds to avoid startling Jasmine again and then continued to pull herself away to free her nipple. Finally it came free from Jasmine's mouth making a soft pop sound. Jasmine did not wake up, but her lips started searching for what was taken away from them. When her lips stopped moving, Neha slowly slipped away.

She tiptoed to the bathroom and relieved herself. Then combed her hair and touched up on her makeup. When she returned to the bedroom, Jasmine was just waking up.

"Hey sleepy head," Neha called out.

It was just over a couple of hours since Neha had climbed on Jasmine's motorcycle. But it felt like a long time ago.

"Where am I, what did you do to me?" Jasmine said dramatically, pretending to be confused and covered her breasts with her hands as she sat up.

"Very funny! Hey, do you still want to go sightseeing and lunch? I have a leftover pizza enough for both of us if you prefer to eat here and ditch the sightseeing for today," Neha said while getting dressed.

"Why don't we drop the sightseeing and just go for lunch?"

"That's totally fine by me," Neha said.

Jasmine got off the bed and went to the bathroom. She didn't bother closing the door as she peed. Then she splashed cold water on her face like she always did after waking up.

"Do you mind if I use your makeup?" Jasmine shouted while looking at her reflection in the mirror.

"Help yourself to whatever you want."

Jasmine set her hair, applied some light makeup and finished it with her favorite pink lipstick. She also soaked a towel in warm water and wiped her pussy and inner thighs. She did not want any visible residue. Then she sprayed deodorant liberally all over her body.

She emerged from the bathroom looking refreshed. Neha was scrolling through her phone, sitting on her recliner.

"So, where are we going for lunch?" asked Neha without looking up.

"I am in the mood for some fulfilling food. How about we go to Poornima? It is supposed to be authentic North Indian food," Jasmine said, doing air quotes for 'authentic'.

"I am starving," Neha said, "anything is fine with me."

There was a long pause and Neha didn't get up. Jasmine thought she was probably rethinking.

"Are we waiting for something?" Jasmine finally asked.

Suddenly realizing her mistake, Neha laughed, "Oops! I was waiting for you to get dressed. It is out of habit. I almost forgot that you will be going naked."

"Do you want me to wear clothes," Jasmine teased her.

"God, no! Let's go," Neha said and dragged her out.

Poornima was a hillside restaurant located on the other side of the town. That meant they would have to ride through the traffic and then take the highway.

Neha climbed on the motorcycle behind Jasmine and wrapped her hands around Jasmine's waist. With a flick of a switch the powerful engine roared back to life. It almost looked like power overkill with two lightweight girls on the motorcycle.

Jasmine navigated her motorcycle very skillfully. She must have been riding for years to be able to control that monster so easily. Several heads were turning in their direction. Neha thought what a beautiful sight they must be to anyone looking at them. She also wondered if those looks were due to a naked girl riding a motorcycle or a stranger girl riding behind her. She thought it was probably the latter one.

They left the traffic behind and started speeding on the highway. The highway ran parallel to the sea and you could smell the sea. Neha was busy looking around enjoying the ride. Then she rested her chin gently on Jasmine's shoulder. The cool breeze from the front and warmth of Neha's body on the bare back was enough to arouse Jasmine. As Neha looked down over Jasmine's shoulders, she noticed how hard Jasmine's nipples were. Noticing that the highway was pretty deserted, Neha slowly lifted Jasmine's breasts feeling their weight in her palms. Jasmine continued to speed without being bothered at all by this.

This was Neha's very first time to go out in public with Jasmine. She did not know what to expect. But she knew that she was in good hands.

Neha stopped playing with Jasmine's breasts when they exited the highway and pulled into the restaurant parking lot. Jasmine grabbed her clutch purse from the motorcycle's carry bag. They had to climb a few stairs to reach up to the restaurant. They could see inside the restaurant while they climbed because the entire wall facing the ocean was made of glass.

"Looks like a neat place!" Neha said.

"Yep, and I like the food here. But I will let you be the judge to decide the authenticity."

Neha wondered if the restaurant policy allowed a naked girl to dine in along with other patrons or will they be seated separately. She imagined what would happen if she walked into a restaurant back home in Delhi, naked. She will probably get arrested immediately. She shivered at that thought.

"You are a sight for sore eyes, Ms. D'Souza," the doorman said, opening the door for them.

"Thank you! I get that a lot," Jasmine said and winked at him.

The inside of the restaurant was spacious with about 20 tables arranged in no particular pattern. Then there was a row of high tables with two chairs each by the glass wall for those who wanted to enjoy the ocean view.

The manager greeted them and asked, "Your usual place, Ms. Jasmine?"

"Yes, please," Jasmine said as the manager and Jasmine started walking towards the high table at the center of the glass wall.

"Maya will be your server today, she will be right over," said the manager and left them alone.

They had a nice view of the ocean from their table. Anyone else in the restaurant had a great view of Jasmine's back, right side of her entire body or a full frontal naked body depending upon where they were sitting. A few heads turned their way and some of them waved but soon went back to whatever they were doing. Except for a Caucasian couple, who seemed to be in their early fifties. They were sitting just a couple of tables away.

The lady got up and walked over to Jasmine and Neha's table. Jasmine was sure she had never seen her around before.

"Oh, dear! You really are naked. I thought my eyes were playing a trick on me. I forgot my glasses. Are you alright?" She genuinely seemed concerned.

"Yes, yes, I am absolutely fine," Jasmine assured her.

"Is it some kind of dare or did you lose a bet?"

"Nope, I am just a regular girl who never wears any clothes. Is my nudity offending you?"

"No, not at all," the lady said as she patted on Jasmine's shoulder. "By the way, I am Becca and that is my husband Don." Don waved from his table. "We are from Florida. We live as nudists at a naturist resort in Florida. So nudity does not bother me at all, in fact I was elated to see you in all your glory but couldn't believe my eyes. Sorry to barge in like this."

"That's no problem at all. I am glad to meet someone who likes to be naked, too. My name is Jasmine and my friend here is Neha," Jasmine said. She felt a connection with Becca.

"Listen, I will leave you two alone. Just one quick thing before I go. My husband and I own a reality TV production company. If at any time you feel like you want to be a star, let me know. I am sure; your life must be a hell of a story that people will love to know about. I was watching you since you walked in and you are nothing short of a miracle. And even if you never want to be on TV, here is my card, if you just like to be in touch. At the least we can be friends and I would love to hear your story just for myself."

"Thank you, I will be in touch," Jasmine said, sliding Becca's business card in her purse.

Don paid for their food and was approaching the ladies. Becca did quick introductions but made sure not to bring up any conversation around why Jasmine was naked. They said their goodbyes and hugged.

Maya, their server, was waiting at a distance till Becca and Don left. Maya was Jasmine's friend so the greetings were very casual. Both the girls were vegetarian and knew it since they dined together last night. They ordered their food and drinks and Maya went away.

"Becca and Don seem very nice. She gave me a sense that I am not completely odd," Jasmine said.

"You are not odd, Jasmine, just unique," Neha said, reaching across to hold Jasmine's hand over the table. "She had an interesting proposal about the TV show, are you considering it?"

"I don't think so. Not at the moment, at least. I found it interesting that they live at a nudist resort though. I would love to visit one myself sometime to meet some people like me."

Food came in shortly after and it was awesome. Neha approved it as authentic to Jasmine's satisfaction.

"How is your work?" Jasmine asked.

"It's cool. The staff is very nice but again everyone in this town is very friendly. It feels like I have been working here forever! Being the only medical facility in the town though, I think it is busier than I expected. What is the population of this town?"

"About ten thousand give or take," Jasmine continued, "and yes, everyone here is very friendly, in fact more like a big family. You may have noticed that it is kind of an island with limited accessibility. Only way to get here is the long single lane road through the mountains, or on a chopper or a boat. Considering that Goa already has so many tourist places, the state government does not really want to make any investment here to develop it for tourism. They probably know the remoteness is going to be a problem and there won't be much return on their investments."

"Yeah, that makes sense," Neha nodded.

Jasmine continued, "The two factories provide employment for most of the population. And given the proximity to the port, the transportation of all materials is very easy. And of course we have basic facilities like a bank, hospital, fire department, etc."

"It is like a tiny country by itself," Neha commented.

"Exactly!"

Jasmine accidentally spilled some food on her breasts. She just wiped it off clean using a napkin. No residue whatsoever was left on her bare skin.

"That's so easy for you to just wipe it off. I would have to worry about the turmeric leaving a stain on my clothes had I spilled it," Neha complained.

"Ha ha..Speaking of clothes, I remembered something funny. Growing up, when my mom finally gave up buying clothes for me because I just wouldn't wear any, I started getting all that money as my pocket money. I used to spend most of it buying the latest gadgets, games for my brother and cousins. That was my way to bribe them to keep them on my side always."

"Very clever! And moms do like to spend a lot on their daughters' clothes," Neha said. "There is still so much I want to know about you."

"Well, we will have a lot of time for that, you are not going anywhere."

Girls took their time to eat lunch though they really didn't eat that much. They finished it off with the house special dessert. Jasmine pulled out her credit card to pay. Neha protested but Jasmine got her way playing the host card.

The restaurant manager stopped by to ensure everything was to their satisfaction. Assuring him that it was all great they promised to return again soon and left the restaurant.

"If you are still up for it, I can take you to my favorite spot," Jasmine said once they climbed on the motorcycle.

"Sure, I would love that. We still have several hours of daylight left."

Jasmine gave a thumbs up and they started going further away from the town on the highway. Neha thought it would probably be a nice, secluded beach. But a few minutes later, when they exited the highway, they continued going towards the mountains. Finally Jasmine stopped her motorcycle, almost thirty minutes after they left the restaurant. But there was nothing other than what looked like a dense forest.

"It is going to be uphill and rough from here onwards. But it takes about ten minutes if we ride, and about 30 minutes if we walk," Jasmine said.

"Let's ride," Neha said, feeling adventurous. She held Jasmine even tighter in anticipation.

Neha didn't even notice a small opening between dense trees till they passed through it. Jasmine continued to carefully maneuver on a narrow trail climbing up the mountain. She wasn't kidding when she said it was a rough ride. The violent bounce in Jasmine's boobs was clear evidence of that.

After what felt like an endless ride through twists and turns, they went through a natural tunnel. The trail started becoming flatter and they could hear it before they saw it. It was a beautiful waterfall, not huge but very pretty. Jasmine finally stopped the motorcycle and they got down. There was a big pond formed by the fall coming from a higher level and then there was another fall that started at a level they were standing at. This made the pond look like an infinity pool. The sunshine hit the water at such an angle that it produced different shades of colors.

"It is awesome!" Neha exclaimed.

They walked over to the edge to check out the view. The vast ocean was visible in the distance and the dense forest they were in seemed to be fading slowly till it completely dissolved in the ocean.

It was late in the afternoon and the weather was warm. The water looked quite appealing.

"Can we go in the water?" asked Neha.

"Absolutely."

Neha removed her clothes without any hesitation, carefully folded them and put a rock on them. "I don't want them to fly away," Neha said.

"No big deal, Neha. In that case two naked chicks will be going back instead of one."

"Oh God, no! I am going to put one more rock just to be sure."

Jasmine took a lead and stepped into the water and Neha followed her. Water was cool and very refreshing. After a couple of dips they sat in the water, looking towards the ocean, without saying anything. They just enjoyed the serene beauty around them, the soothing sounds of water, and each other's company.

"It is really very beautiful," Neha broke the silence after a long time. "I can see why this is your favorite place."

"Yeah, I have been coming here for several years. James, Beth and I came across this place during one of our hiking trips and it became our secret spot to visit. We used to come here on my brother's old motorcycle. I was always sandwiched between my brother and Beth."

"Naked?"

"Of course. But back then it wasn't easy to get out naked and I could only do it rarely. My mom was very strict about when and where I could be naked. Only place other than our home where she would let me go without any clothes was Beth's house. Our properties are next to each other and only divided by a simple wired fence. So getting to each other's house was very easy.

When we wanted to come here, I would step out of home wearing something simple. Then I would strip before we hit the highway and stay naked all afternoon with James and Beth. While returning, I wouldn't bother getting dressed at all and just remained naked all the way but got off the motorcycle at our property gate and walked the rest of my way. You may have noticed that our gate is quite far from the house and cannot be seen from inside the house. If mom ever asked, I would just tell her that I got naked only after I was inside the gate. I still feel bad that I lied a lot but I made it up to her by never lying about anything else."

"So I guess after you returned from boarding school things changed, right?"

"Yep, things changed after that. Mom loosened up after my depression episode due to wearing clothes. After that she never asked me to wear clothes, regardless of where I was going or who I was going to see. We have become besties since then."

"Enough about me, tell me something about you." Jasmine said.

"My life is not as exciting as you, not by any measure. It in fact is too mundane. But before I tell you, I think we should get out of water. We need to dry ourselves before we head back."

They got out of water and squeezed out water from their hair. Then just laid down on a big boulder which was partly shaded. They let the sun and the breeze dry their naked bodies.

Neha continued, "Ok, my dad is a colonel in the Indian Army and my mom is a doctor. I am their only child. I grew up in Delhi where I was born and my father was posted. I followed in my mom's footsteps and went to medical college in Delhi. I stayed at the hostel because the commute was impractical from where we lived.

And I have had a few crushes, both boys and girls, but I had never been in a serious relationship, so far. As you may have noticed, I am a bit reserved, so I have very few but quite close friends."

Then she leaned over Jasmine's face and kissed her. "Anything else you want to know, girlfriend?"

"I would love to see your childhood picture if you have one," Jasmine said.

"Sure," Neha said and fetched her clothes. She took her phone out of her shorts pocket and found some of her childhood pics. She also showed pictures of her parents and her friends. She handed the phone to Jasmine to let her browse through the pics and provided her with details while she got dressed.

When Jasmine handed back the phone, Neha took a few pictures of the beautiful surroundings. "Can we take a picture together, it's alright if you say no?" Neha asked.

"I don't mind at all," Jasmine said as she pulled Neha closer. They took several pictures together and then posed for solo pictures.

Checking out their recent pictures, Neha said, "I wonder how come you are not famous on social media. I mean it is a matter of someone taking your picture and posting it online or sharing it in a whatsapp group?"

"I am not sure. Part of the reason could be that most of the residents here don't own a cellphone. But still it is entirely possible that my pictures are on the internet. It doesn't bother me though. Think about it, it would bother those who are worried about someone they know finding out their naked pictures, maybe their parents, relatives, kids, employer, friends. I don't have to worry about that because all the people who I care about see me naked, in person, everyday. Nobody has to go online to see me naked. But to be brutally honest, I would love to be all over social media, naked and famous," Jasmine said, raising both her hands in the air, pretending to be a celebrity making an appearance in front of a crowd.

"You are a slut!" Neha said laughing.

"That I am," Jasmine said, grabbing Neha's head who was still sitting, and then started rubbing her pussy on Neha's mouth. Neha wiggled and freed herself, both of them laughing all along.

They headed back when the sun was on the horizon. Neha hated to miss the beautiful sunset.

"Thank you for the wonderful day," Neha said when Jasmine killed the engine in front of Neha's bungalow.

"The pleasure is all mine." A moment of silence passed. "Are we going too fast?" Jasmine asked.

Neha thought for a few seconds before responding, "Maybe we are but does it mean it is bad? I never felt about anyone like this before. It may sound cheesy but I think I was destined to come here."

"That's so sweet of you. And, no, it does not sound cheesy to me. You didn't ask, but let me tell you, I also had a few crushes but nothing serious. And I have never been intimate with anyone else before you."

For some reason Neha felt privileged to hear that. She hugged Jasmine.

"How about we go with the flow and see where it takes us?" Neha asked.

"That sounds good to me. Hey, listen, my final exams are coming up next month. I will be spending a lot of time studying. I just want you to know that if you don't see me around much till then, it will be only because I am busy studying. It is going to be difficult not to think about you but I hope you understand."

"I am so glad you mentioned it now. I would be worried sick had you told this over phone or text. Yeah, absolutely, we are career and education oriented girls. Don't worry, I won't distract you. I am also going to settle down a bit now in the next few weeks.

And don't be a stranger. A quick call or text would not be too much to ask for?" Neha asked.

"I am not going in complete isolation. Why don't you stop by next Saturday? Mom and dad are going to be visiting my uncle in Singapore. We can hang out," Jasmine said.

"Sounds like a plan." Neha said.

After a final hug and a long kiss, Jasmine climbed on her motorcycle and was gone with the roaring sound that Neha started liking a lot.

It was almost 7 PM when Jasmine stopped in front of the gate waiting for the security guard to open it. The guard promptly got out of his booth and opened the big wrought iron gate. When Jasmine entered he saluted her, "Salam, Memsahib." He was the son of their long time Nepali guard who had retired recently. He was always awkward around Jasmine and wouldn't even look up at her.

He had never seen his wife naked since they married two years ago. So looking at a naked woman outside in broad daylight was obviously too much for him to handle. Every time Jasmine appeared, he would blush. She found it very sweet and tried her best to put him at ease by stopping for a moment on her way in and out to ask how his dad and family were doing. Obviously it wasn't helping.

The maid answered the door and told her mom and dad were having their evening tea in the backyard.

Jasmine found them on their usual chairs, chatting while enjoying their beautiful garden. She put her arms around her mother from behind and kissed on her cheek.

Her mom patted her hair saying, "hmm. Someone seems bubbly today. How was your day?"

"It was wonderful, Ma. Neha is so much fun."

"You must be tired. Go take a shower. Dinner will be ready in an hour. The maid has cooked your favorite roasted eggplants."

"Wow, yummy!" Jasmine said.

Then ignoring her father and laughing at his complaint that she didn't love him anymore, she went inside with a stride in her step.

"Something's up," her father said particularly to no one and his wife ignored him as well.

Jasmine wasn't really hungry despite her favorite dish. Dinner was quick and everyone dispersed rather quickly after dinner. Sunday evenings were never particularly the greatest for leisurely hanging around in their household. Jasmine went to her bedroom and decided to study for some time before going to bed. An hour later and a quick exchange of texts, filled with xoxo, she was fast asleep.

"Wake up, Jasmine," Jasmine's mother called out from downstairs. She was an early bird and It wasn't like her to stay in bed for too long. When there was no response, her mother went up to check on her.

Jasmine never closed her bedroom door. She was sleeping on her stomach, her face buried in a soft pillow and was covered with her hair. Her sheets were in a pile on the floor. She tossed and turned a lot at night and her sheets either ended up entangled around her waist or more often than not were thrown on the floor. Her left leg was straight and right leg folded at the hips with the knee brought closer to her stomach. This position put her anus and pussy on full display. Again, there was nothing new about that too because she always slept like that.

Anyone who walked in front of her room, would have got an interrupted view of all of this. Her bedroom was right next to the staircase, so anyone going up or down the stairs must pass by it.

Her mother picked up the sheets from the floor and started folding it, "Wake up, Jasmine. You will be late for college."

After a couple of more wake up calls, she sat up and lazily stretched her hands all the way up in the air, "Good morning, Ma."

"Good morning, honey. Are you feeling alright, this is well past your wake up time? Get ready quickly, your lectures will start in less than thirty minutes."

"There is no college, Ma. We have preparation leave for the next four weeks till the exams. I told you last week," Jasmine said, yawning.

"I must have forgotten. Well, now that you are up, go get some breakfast."

Jasmine started spending most of her time studying, emerging from her room only when necessary. She never missed her daily exercise in their fitness room though. And when she needed some fresh air, she just walked on their huge lawns.

While she spoke to Neha daily on the phone, she still missed her. They both were looking forward to spending time together over the weekend.

"We almost don't see you around anymore, let's have dinner on the porch tonight," it was her father. He stopped by one evening and insisted that she spend some time with the family.

"Sure, Dad. I can use a break," Jasmine said.

It was going to be just four of them at the dinner table. When Jasmine walked up to the dining table the server was bringing out hot food from the kitchen. Her dad always liked the food served piping hot.

"To what do we owe the pleasure to?" James said, inspecting Jasmine from head to toe, "Are you even eating lately?" and poked her in the stomach to tickle her.

"Of course I am eating, Bro. You know I go crazy if I am not fed," Jasmine said as she sat down in her chair.

"James, you are not eating too well, too. You must have lost a good amount of weight," mother said.

"Weight loss was on purpose, Mom," James said, "actually I carried a little extra that I needed to get rid of. But then, probably, every mother in the world thinks her children are not eating well."

"She doesn't feed me enough though," their father said.

"Because she is not your mother," Jasmine said.

And all of them joined in their father's roaring laughter.

Her father inquired about how both the kids were preparing for their exams. He was glad to hear their responses. Jasmine also told her parents that she would likely not pursue her masters, unlike her brother. She planned to focus on the hospital or do something totally different.

"Just make sure you also think about earning money because the generational wealth is supposed to grow with each new generation," advised their father.

"Are you two still planning to visit Uncle Pete this weekend, Mom?" James asked.

Pete was Rosie's brother. He owned a business and lived in Singapore with his family.

"I almost forgot to tell you. No, we are not going. Instead, Pete and his family are visiting us next week for a couple of weeks?"

Jasmine wasn't too happy to hear that. She made a mental note to call Neha and inform her about a change in their weekend plan.

Andrew added, "He did not want me to travel due to the heart attack. I don't know why everyone is so overreacting."

Jasmine got emotional at the mention of the heart attack. She got up from her chair, went to her dad and hugged him. He pulled her into his lap and held her close. She rested her head on his chest. A tear dropped from her eye.

"Don't you worry, darling. I am absolutely fine. I am not going to die anytime soon."

Even though Jasmine was totally naked sitting in her father's lap nobody around them thought there was anything wrong with it. Her dad pulled James closer for a group hug. James reluctantly complied.

"Uncle Pete and the company will be here the following Saturday. They already booked their tickets," Rosie said. "There is one more thing, Jasmine. You know the last time we met as families was at least ten years ago and only your dad and I have been visiting them in Singapore occasionally since then. It is probably going to be a bit awkward for them seeing you naked."
