Barely Legal
by JRyter

Chapter 13

 I looked at him and grinned, “Daddy, its OK. Relax and be yourself, you’ll have a lot more fun this weekend.”
“Denni, sometimes you seem much older than you are, and then sometimes you’re still Daddy’s little girl,” he said and hugged me with one arm as he held Jolene.
“Daddy, I will always be your little girl and don’t you forget it. I’m growing up, but I’m still trying to learn about grown up ways. That’s the reason Mel and I need to have some private time with Jolene, so she can tell us all about what boys like and don’t like. There’s still some things I might want to ask you Daddy, but I know I’d say it the wrong way because Mel and I are not sure about all the stuff we’ve heard from older kids.”
I thought Mel and Jolene were going to choke. Mel even had her hand on her throat.
“Baby, Daddy will always be here for you, no matter where you go. If you need to ask me things, just ask and I’ll do the best I can.”
He sure didn’t know at the time - he just walked into a trap.
“Well, since you put it like that, Mel and I do have some things we need to know but we’d like to wait until tonight to get serious, maybe when we’re all in your room, we can have a long talk.”
“Sure we can. You and Mel can ask me anything you want, when we go to bed, and I’ll try to help you. If I run into trouble with something, I’ll let Jolene take over.”
“Daddy, can Jolene sleep in your bed tonight too? Mel and I really like her and we want to be close to her. I sure would hate for her to have to sleep alone while we’re here.”
I knew the answer to this already.
“Well, if she wants to, I guess we would have room.
“Jolene, would you like to sleep with Denni, Mel and me? I mean, well, all of us want you to.”
“Thank you Joe, uh Mr. Walker. I was hoping I would get to.
“Thank you Denni, for asking.”
“Thank you Daddy, and thank you too, Jolene.
“Mr. Walker, Denni and Mel have asked me to go swimming in the lake with them, will you come with us?” Jolene asked as she still had her arm around my daddy’s waist.
“Yeah Daddy, Mel and I swim every day in our pools back home, but we’re afraid of the deep water in the lake. Will you go swim with us?”
“Sure, I’ll get my swim suit on and we’ll all go down, swim and relax for a while before we eat.”
When daddy went inside, the three of us hurried down to the boat dock and stripped naked. We were swimming and laughing, having a good time when Daddy came back. He saw all our clothes on the dock and looked at Jolene.
“Jolene did all of you have swim suits under your clothes?”
“No, Mel and Denni begged me to swim naked with them and I couldn’t resist. I hope it’s alright with you, since no one can see and they said they never get to swim naked at home. Please let them stay naked and feel like grown-ups this weekend.”
Jolene’s getting as good at this bullshit as Mel and me.
“Uh, are you sure? Well, I guess you can, just stay in the water if a boat comes by and don’t be flashing your naked butts at me either,” Daddy said. He laughed and the three of us clapped our hands as he dived off the dock in the water with us.
When daddy came up from his dive, Jolene, Mel and I had him surrounded, we were all over him and I could see him smiling. Still, he was a little hesitant about Mel and me being naked and rubbing our big boobs on his chest. Jolene had her huge titties mashed up against Daddy and she was hanging onto his neck. I wrapped my legs around his waist and let them slip down. I wanted to reach down and feel his cock, but settled for letting my right leg drop down and move across his cock - that’s sticking way out.
Mel’s hanging onto Daddy’s back, humping her pussy against his butt. My daddy’s got a nice looking butt and Mel has always loved looking at him when he lived with mom and me. I’ve never really looked at his butt until I got to be a teenager, then I would love to catch him naked so I could see big cock and sexy butt.
I grabbed Jolene’s arm and pulled her really close to Daddy. Daddy grabbed her and they hugged. I locked my arms around each of their necks and pulled them close to kiss.
“Kiss my Daddy, Jolene. Make him want you so bad he hurts.
“Daddy I want Jolene to be my new step-mom, and I want a baby brother. I want to watch you put him in Jolene’s belly when we go to bed tonight.”
“Listen to my daughter, Jolene. She wants what I want...
Will you marry me?”
“OH YES! I love you Joe!
“And I love you Denni.”
Jolene hunched daddy from the front and Mel hunched him from behind.
I leaned close and Jolene saw me. She turned Daddy’s head and I kissed his lips with my arm locked around his neck. Daddy kissed me and I felt his arm slip around my waist to cup my butt cheeks.
“I love my girls, and the one hanging on my back is making me so horny, I am about to have a blow-out.”
We played and swam in the water for over an hour, each of us making sure we were always close enough to rub Daddy’s butt or his cock. I love the feel of his butt when I run my hand up from behind and let my fingers slide into his tight crack. Daddy jumps and jerks, but I know he likes it because he always laughs and grabs at my butt. I caught onto him grabbing my butt and the next time I came up under him, I grabbed his cock and pulled it up, then cupped his huge balls as I kissed his cockhead under water. I kicked as if I were trying to get away, but I lunged through the water at Daddy. He reached out and I was there, he grabbed me and pulled me close to him.
“I love you so much Daddy. I am so happy to be here with you and Jolene. I love being naked with you too, Daddy. I feel like you’re accepting me as a grownup girl.”
I hugged my naked titties to his chest.
“I love you too, Baby - and I love Jolene. You sure are being bold, touching Daddy’s privates and pushing your, uh your breasts up against me.”
“I love touching you Daddy. Do you like touching me?”
“Yes I do Baby, you are very sexy. You and Mel need to have a talk with Jolene about the things you can and can’t do. Daddy wants you to be safe when you start dating.”
“We’ll talk about it tonight Daddy, then you can show us what you mean,” I said as I ran my hand up and down his cock.
“OK Baby, you know Daddy can never tell you no,” he said as he cupped my butt cheeks and pulled me closer. I opened my legs and trapped his cock between my thighs and hunched him before he laughed and pushed me back.
We went back to the house and showered, then Mel and I helped Jolene fix supper while Daddy made some calls on his cell phone. After we ate we went up stairs where there was a huge bedroom.
We saw a whole closet full of Jolene’s clothes and we knew then, they come here a lot. We grinned and high-fived. I really like Jolene and I can hardly wait for daddy to marry her. I know she likes Mel and me too, because she was hugging and touching our titties when we were in the lake.
I’m so excited we’ll be sleeping in the same bed with her and daddy. Already, I knew that Mel and I would get to see my daddy put his cock in Jolene’s pussy. Mel was excited too and she kept asking me over and over if I was going to try to get my daddy to fuck both of us while we’re here this weekend.
“Denni, you have him wrapped around your little finger. Jolene and your mom told you that. If you were to get him all excited, I just know he’d fuck both of us. Don’t you just love your daddy’s big cock?”
“I have a plan Mel, you just follow along and when you see me make my move, help me. Once I get his cock in my pussy, I know he’ll be like Bobby and Mr. Dick, he won’t be able to let go until he gets a good come.”
“Do you think he’ll be like Bobby and be able to fuck all of us?”
“I bet my Daddy could fuck a school bus full of girls like us.”
“Yeah, I bet you’re right too. I wonder if my Daddy can fuck girls like that. We need to make him take us to his house one night and check him out. I’m getting horny thinking about your Daddy and my Daddy fucking us.”
“Yeah, I am too. Here comes Jolene and daddy and they’re already feeling each other up. You get him to talk to you for just a minute. I’m going to get Jolene on our side. I know she’ll help both of us fuck him.”
“Ask her if we can suck her titties too. Hey, you may as well ask if we can suck her pussy. I bet she’s got some good pussy don’t you?”
“What are you girls up to? We heard you laughing,” Daddy said as they sat on the bed.
“We were just admiring you and Jolene. Mel and I think you two make the best couple ever, and I’m so happy for you...
“Jolene, Mel and I are unsure about some sex stuff, can we get up on Daddy’s bed and ask you about some things that we’re not sure about?”
“Yes, you girls come over here and we’ll have a good old fashion birds and bees talk.“
“Jolene, Denni was afraid to ask you this so I told her I would ask for her. I hope you and Mr. Joe don’t think we’re too young to know these things, but we really need to know. Our mom’s just simply refuse to explain it all to us.”
“Honey, you just come up here.
“Denni, get between your Daddy and me.
“Mel you come up here next to Denni and we’ll try our best to make sure you know everything about being a girl and how to react when a boy wants to - do things with you.”
“What was it you wanted to know, Mel - that Denni was too bashful to ask us,” Daddy asked her.
“Well, Mr. Joe - we were kinda wondering about how your big dick is able to go inside a girls little pussy. I mean you are HUGE and we saw Jolene’s little pussy and we doubted if you would never be able to get your dick inside her tiny pussy. Denni even wondered if she would ever be able to have a boyfriend or husband, because she is way too small down there, to take a man’s big dick like yours, inside her.”
“Uh well, uh Mel ... You see uh...
“Jolene - can you help me explain this?”


Chapter 14

“I can try Joe, but I’ve never had kids, and my sister left home before I could find out everything about sex, I wanted to know. You may have to help me too, so we can get these girls educated. There’s no way a step-daughter of mine is going to start dating and not even know about how a boy puts his cock ... I mean his dick - well his thing in a her pussy, I mean ... You know what I mean...
“Joe, if you and I are going to help these girls, we need to talk like you and I talk when we’re alone, don’t you agree?”
“I agree Jolene, this is very embarrassing for these two girls. You and I have to be adults - now, you tell them the proper words.”
“The words you use when you and I fuck?”
“Uh, yes. Well, maybe not all of them - I mean, WELL - GO AHEAD!”
“Denni, look over at your Daddy lying there with his arms at his side, what do you see?”
“I see his pecker.”
“Are you afraid of it? I mean it sure is big,” Jolene said and Mel and I both leaned over to get a good look at Daddy’s cock as throbbed and bounced up and down.
“Heck no, we’re not afraid of it. We’ve both decided that my Daddy has a beautiful pecker.”
“Have you ever heard the word - cock?” Jolene asked.
“I have. It’s a male fowl,” Mel said.
“Yes and it jumps up and stands on a post and crows so the female fowl can see him,” I said.
“You’re both right, and a man’s cock stands up proud so the female can see it. Females love male cocks, can you both remember to say cock?”
“I can, cock, cock, cock,” Mel said.
“I sure can too, I love my Daddy’s big cock.
“Don’t you Jolene?”
“Honey, I love your daddy’s cock, too. I mean, yes, I really like it a lot.”
“Daddy?” I turned to look at him as he lay naked, looking across me and Mel, at Jolene.
“Yes Baby.”
“Can Mel and I get a good close up look at your cock, we both think it’s so beautiful.”
“Jolene?” Daddy said as if asking her permission.
“Yes Denni, you and Mel need to know all about a man’s cock. Each of you get beside your Daddy and look it over good. If you have any questions, just ask your Daddy. If he is too embarrassed to answer, I will.”
Mel and I were excited, I crawled across daddy’s belly, making sure my titties dragged over his hard cock. I almost got a come, it felt so good. I wanted to lay down with his cock between my titties and rub them all over it.
“Wow, Mr. Joe, it’s leaking something,” Mel said.
“It sure is, can we hold it up and see what that is, Daddy?”
“Girls, that’s known as pre-cum. It comes out of a man’s cock when he gets excited. Some say it comes out to help the woman become lubricated for the penetration of her vagina,” Jolene said.
“Vagina?” Mel jumped on that one real quick.
“Well, that’s the medical term for what you sometimes calls your pee-hole.”
“What does daddy call yours, when he sleeps with you?”
“Pussy.”
“Wow, can we call ours pussy too? I like that name.
“Look Denni, I’ve got a pussy.”
Mel is borderline over the top with this shit.
“Yes you both can call yours a pussy.
“Can’t they, Joe?”
“I think they’re mature enough to know all the terms Jolene.
“You girls have pretty pussies,” Daddy said.
“Thanks daddy, we’re happy you like our pussies. I want to hold your cock in my hand, may I?”
“Uh, Jolene?”
“Yes Denni, you and Mel just take your Daddy’s cock and look it over good. Hold it up straight and see how tall it is.”
Mel grabbed my Daddy’s cock and pulled it up straight, just like we do with Mr. Dicks cock when we fuck his big fat cock. I reached out and put my hand on top of daddy’s cock and rubbed it all over, smearing the pre-cum all over the smooth, slick head.
I slid my hand down and his skin came down too and Daddy moaned real loud. I slapped Mel’s hand away and we both jumped back like we had hurt him. I looked at Mel and she was grinning as Daddy’s eyes clinched tight.
“Daddy, did we hurt your cock? We’re sorry, it’s just so beautiful we wanted to rub it and feel how big and powerful it is.”
“No Hon, you and Mel didn’t hurt me. Daddy’s cock gets excited when someone touches, and you and Mel made it feel good.”
“Does Jolene make your cock feel good too, Daddy?” I asked, I was getting better at asking blunt questions, after being around Mel so much.
“She sure does and you and Mel made me feel just like she does.”
“Mr. Joe, can I hold it up again? I really like holding your cock. Does anyone ever taste the stuff that comes out the end?
“Denni - look at the little hole.
“Is that were your pee comes out? MAN, I would love to see a man pee.” Mel said and I gave her the hand to the throat sign.
“I love the taste of Joe’s cock, Mel. Since you and Denni are this close, I think you both should have a taste.
“Don’t you agree, Joe?”
“Jolene, if you say so. I see no reason the girls can’t satisfy their curiosity and get a taste.”
“Mel, it was your idea, you go first. I’m not sure I can get Daddy’s cock in my mouth.”
Mel leaned over and licked daddy’s cock, then smacked her lips. She licked her lips and pulled his cock over to suck the end of it. I watched as Mel sucked the big knob until I thought Daddy was going to shoot in her mouth.
“Daddy, does it feel good when a woman kisses, then licks and sucks your cock like Mel’s doing?”
“ARGGHH - YES. I mean it sure does Hon, and Mel is really good at making it feel good too,” he said and his butt raised up to make his cock go deeper inside Mel’s mouth.
“Here Denni - taste your daddy’s pre-cum. I could drink a gallon of it,” Mel said and pushed his cock over to where my face was just inches from it.
“Daddy, I want to get the big fat head of your cock in my mouth like Mel did, but it may take me longer. Is it alright with you, if I have to lick and suck you longer?”
“Sure Hon, you just take your time and learn how to do this. One day you will be glad you took time to get it right.”
I put my lips to Daddy’s cock and kissed it with my mouth closed. Then I stuck my tongue out and licked it real slow. I smiled at daddy and licked it again, then sucked the end of it.
“I like this Daddy. I’m going to put the end of your cock in my mouth. I hope I make it feel as good to you as Mel did.”
“Take your time, Baby. You’re doing fine and it already feels good. Daddy likes to see his Baby girl with her mouth on his cock.”
“Here goes, if it feels real good and tastes real good too, can I suck it for a long time and see if I can get it deeper than Mel did? You know how Mel and me always try to best each other.”
“You just have fun down there. I love it, just don’t try to go real deep. No one but Jolene has ever taken all of Daddy’s cock in their mouth, and swallowed it.”
“You mean Jolene can get all of this long cock in her mouth, and swallow it? Does it go all the way down her throat.”
“Does it Jolene?”
“Yes Honey, I just open my mouth - and my throat, and let him ease his cock right into my throat. Then when his cock gets real deep I feel so good I get a come myself. That’s when I swallow his cock, and let it go all the way down my throat. You be careful though, your Daddy loves that and he shoots bunches and bunches of cum down my throat.”
She knows I’m going to swallow my daddy’s cock and make him cum in my throat. My pussy is sopping wet and I want to finger-fuck myself so bad.
I sucked on daddy’s cock and let it slip inside my mouth just a little, then I let the big knob go all the way in and sucked him some more. Daddy groaned and hunched his hips up to my face.
I raised up and grinned at daddy, “Daddy, I got the big end of it in my mouth. I hope it feels good because I want to get some more.”
“Denni, you still have a ways to go - to beat me. You better open your mouth and push your head down on it.”
I blinked my eyes and raised right up over daddy’s cock. I opened my mouth and felt my jaw pop open as I lowered my head and took his cock to the back of my mouth. Daddy moaned and fucked his hips up, again and again, trying to get his cock deeper in my mouth. I had my hand on the bottom of it and wouldn’t let it go deeper - yet.
“Denni, I am so proud of you, you have most of your his cock in your mouth. With a little practice, you could deep-throat your boyfriend one day,” Jolene said - and Daddy took the bait.


Chapter 15

“Jolene I don’t want my girl deep-throating some skinny little horny-ass boy. She’s doing great.
“Keep sucking Baby, Daddy feels really good.”
I took my hand off daddy’s cock and slipped it between his legs, under his heavy sack of balls, between his butt cheeks. Daddy squirmed and spread his legs wider and I knew he was just like Bobby - he likes his butthole fingered. I dropped my head and took all his cock in my throat.
He fucked his hips up hard and fast as I kept swallowing and sucking. I felt his cock swell - and he rammed his cock deeper. I rammed my finger in his butthole. Then he screamed and started coming like hell. I had to swallow real fast to keep up, but I took all he had and sucked him some more. I wiggled my finger in his butthole and he bucked and fucked his hips again and again.
“Baby, Baby, Baby! You are the best!
“Jolene, I could swear it’s you sucking my cock. My little girl is as good as you are. I am so proud of all my girls,” Daddy said, and pulled me up to lie on his belly. My titties felt like they were on fire when he pulled me up over his hairy chest. I raised up and let them come right next to his mouth and pushed them against his lips. I opened my legs and let his cock slip up against my pussy. When I pushed back, his cock was too limp to go in and I could have screamed.
“Daddy - suck my titties for me - they hurt they feel so good ... please?”
Daddy sucked my titties and I got two comes.
“Oh daddy that feels so good, it makes my pussy feel good too. Is that supposed to happen?”
“Yes Baby! A woman’s pussy is supposed to feel good when a man sucks her titties. I hope your pussy feel as good as my cock did when you sucked me off.”
“I bet it would if your cock was in my pussy daddy ... Will you and Jolene show us how a man and woman do it with each other?”
Jolene said, “Denni, we call it making love. Then when we get excited like your Daddy did while you sucked his cock, we call it fucking.”
She put her finger inside my pussy and fingered me until I got another come. Mel was behind Jolene and she was cupping her big titties and Jolene was bumping her butt against Mel’s pussy. I looked at Jolene’s slick pussy and saw Mel’s fingers working in and out as she finger-fucked Jolene. I leaned over and kissed Jolene on her mouth - Daddy moaned and kissed us both.
I felt Jolene’s finger move to the side, away from my pussy and she placed daddy’s cock at my pussy lips. I looked at daddy and smiled as I backed up just a little. His cockhead slipped inside my pussy and I kissed him. Daddy hunched my pussy and drove his cock deeper inside my pussy. I pulled Jolene over and she kissed and sucked Daddy’s mouth as we fucked against each other. I was coming like crazy, one come after the other as my daddy fucked me with his big fat cock. This was my dream come true and I knew he and I would fuck many more times, now that we’ve finally fucked the first time.
“She’s not on the pill Joe! Hold it, and cum in my pussy. I’m not on the pill either but you can put a baby boy in my belly right now, with your daughter’s cum on your cock, as she and Mel watch us fuck like animals.”
He told me, “Denni, get on the pill Baby. I want to finish what we started.”
“I got them Daddy, I just haven’t started taking them yet, Mel and I both want you to fuck us.”
“Get on top of me, Jolene. Get on my cock, I’m ready to put a baby boy in your belly.”
Jolene rolled over onto daddy and Mel was ready, she sucked daddy’s cock, then guided it right between her pussy lips. Jolene fucked my daddy like she was trying to make him submit. She fucked him hard and fast, then she sat straight up on his cock and rocked her hips as he shoved up to help her. I grabbed one of her big, swinging titties and Mel grabbed the other. We sucked her tiny nipples until she screamed as she and daddy shook with their orgasms.
“That was the best I’ve ever had. I sure love my girls ... Oh damn Mel, I love the way you clean my cock - suck me girl.”
I knew what Mel was up to, and sure enough, when she had my Daddy hard again, she crawled up and sat right down on his cock as I held it up for her. She was like me, she had to go slow and wiggle her butt, until she got all of him inside her. She got three comes - I know because Mel and I both know when we cums.
I saw daddy raise his butt like he was trying to get deeper and cum in Mel’s pussy - and I pushed Mel off his cock. I reached for Jolene’s arm and pulled her back on top of him and Mel was right there again to put his cock in her pussy. We watched as Jolene fucked him to another come. MAN, I sure will be glad when I can feel my daddy’s cum shoot up inside my pussy. I sure hope Jolene’s got a baby boy in her belly now.

Jolene, Mel and I went to Wichita Falls to get some stuff and she bought a box of condoms. I looked at her and Mel did too, then it came to us what she was doing as we grabbed her right there at the checkout.
When we got back to the lake house, Jolene told us to get naked.
“You two are going to fuck a him until he shoots his cum in your pussies, with a rubber on.”
We stayed out of sight as Jolene got Daddy all hot and worked up and then handed him the box of condoms and called us. Mel and I walked into the room and daddy started grinning when he saw us. Jolene took her clothes off and sucked daddy’s cock to get him hard, then she put a rubber on his cock and pulled me over on top of him.
“Fuck her Joe. She worships you and she wants to love you like a woman. Fuck her, and fuck Mel. The next time all of us come up here I hope I’m pregnant with our baby boy, and they’re on the pill so you can shoot their pussies full of cum,” Jolene said as she guided his cock to my pussy lips. I did the rest, I mean daddy didn’t have a chance. I was so excited to get to fuck my daddy until he got a come inside my pussy. I was pretending he didn’t have a rubber on.
Mel and I both fucked daddy twice that morning and then we cleaned up and daddy drove us up to Wichita Falls to go shopping ... something I had never seen my Daddy do. He walked with us into every store and bought me and Mel and Jolene so many clothes it took all four of us to carry them out to his SUV. Daddy bought us panties and bras and thong bikini’s, he bought Jolene sexy night clothes and short skirts and tight shorts. Daddy took us to a big fancy steakhouse and bought the best meal Mel and I had ever eaten. We laughed and had so much fun. I really love my Daddy, and I sure enough love my new step-mom. She’s so beautiful and sexy, and she makes my daddy feel young and happy.
I mean, well, I’ll never love anyone like I love my real mom, but I had to make sure my Daddy is happy too. It wasn’t my fault my parents couldn’t get along, and got a divorce. I really believe mom and dad are better off and both are even happier now. I know I’m happier now that Mel and I finally got to fuck my daddy, and now he’s going to marry Jolene.
When we left the lake house, Daddy told Mel and me that he’d call us in a few weeks and make plans for us to come back for Labor Day and we’d have another long weekend.
“Mel and I may be on the pill long enough by then daddy and you can come inside our pussies. I hope you’ll still want to fuck us again.”
“Denni, you and Mel hurry and get on the pill, Baby. When you do, just be choosy who you let inside those tight little pussies. Save Daddy some pussy too.”
“Daddy, we will always let you have some pussy, you just take care of Jolene.
“Jolene - Mel and I love you.”
“Denni, you’re going to make me cry, now hush.”
When daddy drove up in front of our houses, we had already talked and decided that he and Jolene sure didn’t need to get out. Mel and I made two trips each to our houses and back to get all the stuff daddy bought us.
Mel and I walked around to say bye to Daddy and he pulled out two thousand dollars in one hundred dollar bills and gave us each a thousand dollars.
“You girls, take this. It will last you until Jolene gets your accounts set up this week. She’ll mail you the debit cards when they come in and each of you will have one. If either of you ever need money, I don’t care where or why - you call Jolene or me and we’ll get it to you.
“Denni, you take care of your mom, she’s a good woman - just a little strange.
“Mel, I’ll have a long talk with your daddy and he’ll be calling you soon. I love you, Baby - like you were my own daughter.”
Mel was crying and I was too. I was so proud of my daddy and Mel too. I was proud of Jolene too.
We watched as they drove off and Mel and I ran to her house to see where our mom’s were. They weren’t there and we ran to my house. They weren’t there either, so we called Donny and Ronny. Mr. Jim said they were at the gym so we just went to my room and got naked to count our money.
Mom and Ms. Linda came in later. We hurried and hid our money.
“Well hi Baby, I didn’t know you were home. My goodness where did you girls get all these new clothes. Did your daddy finally break down and buy you some clothes?”
Mom is never polite about Daddy, but I still love her.
“He sure did Mom, and he bought Mel some clothes just like mine. We have plenty of clothes to wear to school now.”
I was happy, and Mel and I both hugged her and held her for a long time. We wanted her to feel good too, we need to find both our mom’s a boyfriend. We have already decided that we didn’t want them to get married.
“Baby, I guess I was just jealous that you and Mel had a good time with your daddy. I’m glad you still love him. He needs to know you still care. You need to spend more with him, now that he’s alone. You and Mel make plans to see him again soon, OK?”
“Thanks Mom, I love you so much for letting me love my Daddy.”

******

On Monday we had school registrations. Mel and I rode our bikes to school with Ronny and Donny. We were only going to be there for a short time and Mel and I were feeling horny.
“You guys going back home when we get through?” I asked as we parked our bikes.
“Naww, I wish we were, but we got a swim meet this week and Coach said we had to practice our starts today,” Donny said.
“Dang, we were wanting to fool around some, we even brought four rubber with us,” Mel told them.
“Shit, will you let us see you tomorrow morning? We don’t have practice until late tomorrow,” Ronny told us.
“You’ve got a date. Can we meet at your house - say about eleven?”

