Brittany
by MissAdventurous

Chapter One

Introduction:
All characters are 18 years of age or older and are based purely on fiction. All tags are for the larger piece of work in its entirety, so if you like this first chapter and the tags, you'd love the rest of her story.
It didn’t happen all at once. Like most things, it happened so gradually over time that I didn’t even put the pieces together that it was happening until much, much later.

I don’t remember exactly when Nick started teaching me about rubbing, but it was sometime after my 18th birthday. I had just graduated from high school and although I did well in my classes, college wasn’t something I really wanted to attend. Nick told me about something called a gap year and it sounded like the perfect solution to help me figure out exactly what I wanted to do with my life. In the meantime I’d help him and the other ranch hands on the farm.

The day started off just like any other. I got up with the crow of the rooster, splashed some water on my face and brushed my teeth, not bothering to change out of my sleep clothes. The threadbare tee and an old pair of Nick’s boxers would do just fine for making breakfast. I was scrambling some eggs for our breakfast when he joined me, scratching his hairy chest as he came down the stairs.

“Morning Nick,” I said, lifting up on my tip toes for my morning kiss hello. At five feet two inches I was much smaller than his six foot four inch frame.

He hesitated and didn’t lean down to meet me, a scowl on his face. “How many times have I told you I don’t like you calling me that?”

“I’m sorry,” I said meekly.

“I’m sorry what?” he asked, eyebrows raised.

“I’m sorry Da—Daddy,” I stuttered.

He grunted in approval and leaned down to meet his lips with mine for a quick peck. “Morning baby girl,” he grumbled and went straight for the coffee I had percolating on the stove.

When I was fourteen my mother married Nick, making him my step-father and we moved in with him on his ranch. Within six months, Mom disappeared and ran off with one of the ranch hands, leaving Nick and I alone. We had become an affectionate little unit since then, trying to fill the void she left. When my friends visited or had a sleepover they commented about how cuddly Nick was with me, but I didn’t pay them any mind. I enjoyed his hugs and kisses, it’s how I knew he loved me and I loved him. With just the two of us in this world now, we were both pretty starved for simple affection.

As we sat down to eat the quick meal, we chatted about our plans for the day.

“You said there was going to be a new stud delivered?” I asked him.

Daddy nodded and took a bite of the sourdough toast I had buttered and jammed for him. “That new filly is going into heat and I want her covered this afternoon.”

I tried to keep the spark of excitement that ran through me at this new information out of my voice. “That’s neat. Can I help this time?” I said as casually as I could. I didn’t want Daddy to know that I was interested in seeing what sex was like. In the past whenever we had a bull or stallion visiting to stud he kept me far away from the barn, telling me I was too young to learn about things like that.

Although I had attended high school, my sexual education was sorely lacking. Daddy hadn’t signed the permission slip allowing me to attend health class, so everything I knew was from vague gossip with a few girls in school and Daddy. Even what I could watch on TV was restricted. To say it wasn’t much was an understatement. I was hopeful that if he let me help with the horses this afternoon I’d finally be able to see what sex actually was.

Daddy paused, his fork halfway to his mouth as he looked at me, considering. “You think you’re old enough for that?” he asked carefully.

“Yes Daddy, I think so,” I responded solemnly and crossed my fingers for luck under the table where he couldn’t see.

“It’s not for the faint of heart sweetheart,” he explained patiently, scratching his jaw. “When a stallion covers a mare it can be aggressive and brutal for someone as naive and sweet as you.”

“I understand Daddy,” I said, meeting his eyes so he knew I was serious. “I just want to help more on the farm.”

He kept eye contact with me for a few more moments and then nodded once, his mind seemingly made up. “Alrighty, if you’re sure you’re ready, you can meet me in the big barn at two and watch.”

I sat up straighter and nodded eagerly.

“You’re just watching this time baby girl. I want you to get an understanding of what it’s like first before you start helping.”

“Yes Daddy,” I said, unable to stop the smile across my face. I was so excited.

We finished eating and I went to the chicken coop to feed them and gather their eggs while Daddy headed out to mend a fence on the north side of the property. A ranch our size required constant work and lots of people to help.

As time tends to do whenever you’re waiting for something, the day dragged on until finally the horse trailer turned down the dirt road onto our property. I trotted down as quickly as I could to meet them at the gate. I let them in, closed the gate behind the trailer and followed them to the big red barn where Daddy and our foreman, Victor, were waiting.

A tall, heavy-set man got out of the pick-up truck hauling the trailer and went over to shake Daddy’s hand. Daddy made introductions all around and I blushed when the man, Paul, gave me a little wink and called me “little lady” as he shook my hand.

Daddy cleared his throat and they quickly got to work unloading the stallion. He was a magnificent beast. At least twenty hands and a gorgeous dapple grey color. As soon as he got close to the barn his nostrils flared and he whinnied several times, his front hoofs pawing at the ground.

Paul chuckled knowingly. “He smells your filly.”

Daddy laughed and agreed. “She’s a ripe one, that’s for sure.”

Our mare was just over two years old and delicate at only fourteen hands with a fine white coat. When we entered the barn I saw that she was in our breeding stall daintily drinking some water. Her ears flicked up as she watched us approach with the stallion.

“Come stand by me baby girl,” Daddy called out to me. “I’ll talk you through it as Paul and Victor take care of the particulars.”

The breeding stall was the size of four regular stalls and had lower sides than normal. Daddy was leaning against the fencing and patted the space next to him for me to join him. I did so, his arm sliding around me to keep me close. Victor removed the lead line from the stallion’s halter and opened the gate to let him in with our mare.

“See how the stud is prancing and grunting?” Daddy said lowly.

I nodded, watching the two dance around each other in the stall.

“He’s getting excited, he knows she’s in heat.”

“What’s heat Daddy?”

“It’s when a female’s body is ripe to be bred and needs a male’s seed inside her,” Daddy explained patiently. “Becoming pregnant becomes all she can think about.”

I nodded again. The world of nature was a fascinating place. “How does he know when she’s in heat Daddy?”

“He can smell her pussy baby.”

“Her pussy?”

Daddy grinned at my eager little questions. “The flesh you’ve got between your thighs Brittany-girl, that’s a woman’s pussy. Sometimes it’s called a vagina, but it’s also called a twat, a cunny or cunt. There are all kinds of adult words for it.”

“And he likes the way it smells?”

“Oh yeah, all men love the smell of a good cunt,” he said looking down at me with a grin and a wink.

I blushed and turned my attention back to the horses. The stallion was chasing after the filly, her tail up high.

“See how she’s got her tail up?”

I nodded, my eyes trained on following them around the stall.

“She’s showing him her pussy,” he said.

“So that he gets excited?”

Daddy nodded. “That’s right. Once he’s excited he’ll mount her.”

“Daddy, when a boy gets excited, what happens?” I asked shyly.

Daddy rubbed his hand slowly up and down my bare arm. “Males have cocks between their thighs just like females have cunts. When a male gets excited his cock fills with blood it grows and becomes hard.”

I looked up at Daddy, concerned. “Is it painful Daddy? That sounds just plain awful.”

Daddy chuckled. “No baby girl, it doesn’t hurt a man. It feels damn good actually unless he can’t get the release he needs.”

I nodded as if I knew what the release was he was talking about and then gasped. “Daddy! His thing got so huge!”

Daddy smiled down at me. “That’s his cock baby, not his thing. If you’re going to be a big girl and help us with this kind of thing you should use the right words.”

I blushed at the mild scolding. “You’re right Daddy, I’m sorry. His c-c-cock is so big.”

Daddy nodded approvingly. “That’s right, it needs to be nice and long to reach all the way up inside of the mare to release his seed.”

I groaned in frustration. “Daddy there’s just so much I don’t know!”

“It’s okay Brittany, Daddy will keep walking you step by step through this process,” he said kindly. “Oh look baby girl, he’s trying to mount her.”

I watched as the stallion reared several times before seating himself firmly on the filly’s back. He was so much larger than she was and it looked like she could be crushed by his frame. The filly whinnied at the extra weight.

“Watch carefully baby,” Daddy said in my ear, his voice deep and husky. “See his cock?”

I nodded, not wanting to move my eyes away from the two of them.

“He’s going to put his cock in her pussy and move it back and forth inside her,” Daddy said, adjusting his pants a little. “When he does that it’s called fucking, mating, breeding or having sex.”

My little mouth fell open as the stallion did just what Daddy said he would and the mare screamed at the penetration.

“Daddy he’s hurting her!” I cried out, taking a step toward the gate to try and help in some way.

Daddy held me firmly against him as Victor and Paul chuckled quietly nearby. “The first time a pussy is broken in can be painful. The first few times actually, but the more often a cunt is used by a cock and opened up the easier it gets. Eventually she’ll want it all the time. It’s nature’s way,” he explained.

After a moment the filly calmed down and all you could hear was the rough breathing of the two horses as the stallion sawed himself in and out of her body.

“He’s almost done now,” Daddy said, his thumb running soothing circles on my upper arm. “Soon he’ll release his seed into her and breed her.”

“And that’s how she gets pregnant Daddy?”

Daddy nodded and shifted his thumb so that it ever so slightly rubbed the side of my breast. I realized suddenly that in my excitement for this event, I had completely forgotten to change into regular clothes and was still wearing the thin shirt I slept in the night before. I wasn’t even wearing a bra. My bare breasts were hanging heavily on my chest, free to bounce and jiggle with every little move and the thrill of what I was watching had my nipples bunched tight and hard under the soft material.

“It’s his job to release all of his cum as deep inside her as possible,” Daddy said pulling me out of my internal thoughts.

“What if she changes her mind Daddy and doesn’t want to have sex and get pregnant?” I asked tentatively.

“That’s not really a female’s decision baby, it’s a male’s. If he thinks it’s time to fuck, it’s time to fuck. If a man decides a woman should be knocked up, he’s going to breed her. Besides, when a female is in heat all she wants to do is be fucked and be bred anyway. She’s in physical pain until she gets his load in her.”

I nodded and inhaled sharply as Daddy’s thumb ran over my nipple. It was hard and sensitive. I was surprised since Daddy had never touched me this way, but I didn’t say anything. I just assumed it was another type of affection that he was giving me. I expected that since I was becoming more mature and old enough to do more things like watch this mating, things might change a little bit between us. We stood there watching the two animals have sex as Daddy continued gently rubbing my nipple.

“He’s going to cum now baby and fill her up,” Daddy said, his nose in my hair.

The stallion thrust hard several times into of the filly and held himself still, his cock fully seated inside her. The mare whinnied again and shook her head.

“What’s happening Daddy?” I asked.

“She’s happy baby girl. When a girl is in heat she only feels better when she’s got cock and cum in her pussy,” he explained roughly, pressing himself against me in a tighter hug.

“So she’s pregnant now?”

“It’s possible,” Daddy said. “Sometimes it takes a while for a girl to take so we’ll keep

putting them together until we know for sure.”

I nodded and watched the stallion jump down off of the mare’s back, his cock sliding out of her body as he did. A rush of fluid followed out of the mare.

“Oh Daddy! What is that?!” I said shocked by the amount of stuff coming out of her.

“That’s his cum baby girl. His seed,” Daddy said with a chuckle.

“There sure is a lot of it!” I said in awe.

Paul and Victor laughed from their position by the stall gate.

“There sure is Brittany, there sure is,” Daddy replied, giving my nipple a little twist.


