Beach Getaway
by EmiTsuruta

To cheer Satomi up, we invite Futoshi on a trip to beaches.

The time came when my boyfriend Ryosuke and his friend Futoshi graduated from Oceanview University. Futoshi ended up moving to Los Angeles. Futoshi is a handsome guy, athletic, square jaw, wide nose, gentle eyes. Ryosuke is handsome too of course, but maybe more slender with a more laid back vibe. They both dyed the tips of their hair brown, a fashion trend I guess.

My best friend Satomi was maybe interested in Futoshi as a potential boyfriend I mean. Satomi is cute, long straight hair which she dyes brown, exotic almond eyes. She has a kind of breathless quality to her, as if she is always exasperated at the things I do. The two of us are similar in some ways. I'm cute too maybe, but I'm a bit more outgoing, more talkative, more excitable. I don't dye my hair, but I do wear it up in ponytails or braids, always different styles. I wear less make up that Satomi, just going for a natural look. I maybe get hit on more than Satomi does, but that's just 'cause I'm open to trying new things while she is a bit more reserved, more guarded. Anyway, we all get along.

After Futoshi moved to L.A., Satomi seemed quieter than before, maybe because she was missing him. To cheer her up, I got Ryosuke to call up Futoshi, and invite him to come down to Oceanview to visit us. We eventually decided that the four of us (Ryosuke, Satomi, Futoshi and me) would go on a trip on the long weekend to some beach resorts down the coast of California, San Diego way. Ryosuke made all the reservations. He found a couple of hotels with indoor swimming pools for us to stay at.

Saturday morning, Ryosuke and Futoshi came to pick me up bright and early. Ryosuke had a bit of beard. Futoshi was wearing a Mizuno gym suit, not particularly dressed up, but looked handsome even so. The two of them had on sunglasses trying to look cool. I was really looking forward to this. It was beautiful weather out, and I was ready for the beach. I had on my sandals, sunglasses, wide brimmed hat and this short snug blue and white dress. Ryosuke smiled when he saw me, and even Futoshi, who is usually pretty serious, took off his sunglasses to check me out.

Ryosuke and I piled into the back seat. Next, we picked up Satomi, and then headed down the coast to Santa Barista(?), where our first hotel was. Satomi was wearing her hair down and long. She'd added some lighter highlights, and looked hot for once in her tight jeans and crop top. She was trying.

I'd been hoping that Ryosuke and I could stay in one room, but Satomi wanted to stay with me. I know she likes Futoshi, but they're not a couple or anything, so I agreed to make her happy.

Ryosuke went off to find the swimming pool, and by the time he came back, we were all showered and in our swimsuits. I wore open toe sandals and an ocean blue bikini with ties at each side on the bottoms. I don't know if you are supposed to walk around the hotel in your swimsuit, but anyway, we did. We didn't meet anyone on the way down, but there were a few people in the pool when we got there. The water was warm though, and there was a nice view out the back window into this glade of trees at the back of the hotel. Ryosuke and Futoshi went over, and got in the jacuzzi, while Satomi and I swam in the pool.

While we were swimming, Ryosuke and Futoshi disappeared off somewhere. A couple of American guys came in, and started doing belly flops into the pool splashing water all over us. Satomi and I decided to get out, and leave the pool to them. We went into the change room to shower off. Satomi kept her swimsuit on, but I took mine off, getting a bit of a thrill from stripping naked. When I was done showering, I dried myself off. I thought it would be funny to go out onto the deck in just my towel, but Satomi insisted I put my bikini back on.

Ryosuke had come back by then, and he told me there was something he wanted to show me out back. I told Satomi I'd meet her back at our room, and then Ryosuke led me out the back door. We went across the grass and into this thicket of trees. In my sandals, it was kind of hard to pick my way, but he finally stopped when we came to a little clearing.

"Well, what do you think?"

I looked around. The trees were pretty thick around us, but other than that, it was a lot like the parks back in Oceanview. I could hear the cars whizzing by on the highway, just a bit further on.

"What? What do you want to show me?"

He pulled me closer, and gave me a kiss. While we were kissing, he undid my towel, and took it off. I was still in my bikini, but I felt a little nervous. We were still pretty close to the hotel.

"Hey, cut that out. What if someone sees us?"

"I think it's safe. No one's going to come out here."

I looked around. We couldn't actually see the hotel anymore for all the trees. Then again, the hotel was on one of the main streets. I was kind of surprised that there was this little park here so close to the main business district.

"I don't know."

He pulled me closer, nuzzling my neck, and slid his hand down the back of my bikini bottom, fondling my rear. I squirmed at the sensation, but before I could stop him, he'd undone one of the side ties, and pulled my bottoms off. I covered my fluffy black bush with my hand.

"Hey!" I cried out. He didn't listen though, and just undid my top next. He was all excited. He cupped my breasts, and twiddled my nipples. I swatted his hand away, but to tell you the truth, I was getting wet.

"No funny business," I warned. It was hard to convince him I was serious though, since I was standing here stark naked. "Here. At least give me my towel back!" I tried to grab it from him, but he wrapped his arms around my waist, and pulled me into him. It was hard not to get excited.

"You're so sexy. D'you know that?" He kissed me on my bare shoulder, and ran his hand down my back and along the curves of my bottom.

"Give me back my towel," I whined. "Please." I was excited, sure, but I was also worried that Satomi or Futoshi might come looking for us.

"OK, OK, but first, come over here."

He walked off through the trees, taking my towel and swimsuit with him. I had to follow him, but I could hear the cars whizzing by up ahead. I tried to grab my towel, but he kept it out of reach. Before I knew it, we came out right by the highway with all these cars streaming by. I gasped, and backed away, worried they could see me standing here naked, but Ryosuke grabbed my hand.

"Let go! They can see!" I squealed. We were so close I could see the faces of the drivers as they whizzed on past.

"Maybe they can, but the next exit isn't for another mile or so. Even if they see you, they can't do anything about it."

I just stared at him in shock. He clearly wanted me to flash my hot little body at all these people driving by.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah."

I was trying to back away, but Ryosuke was pulling on my hand to get me to come out into the sun. I didn't want to fight. It was pretty exciting. He could tell I was freaking though, so eventually, he stopped pulling. I stared out at the cars watching to see if anyone noticed me. They were just a few yards away, but they were moving pretty fast. I slowly edged forward testing to see what would happen.

I was shivering more from fear than anything, but Ryosuke looked pretty pleased. I guess he could tell I was excited. I let go of his hand, and cautiously took a few steps down the hill. I felt antsy, worried. I couldn't believe I was out here naked like this. Some of the people in the cars were looking this way, but then they'd drive by, and be gone. I thought I saw a couple of them turn back to look at me, so I ran back, and hid behind Ryosuke.

"Here we'd better head back," I insisted. "Satomi and Futoshi are waiting."

Ryosuke gave me another gentle kiss.

"You look so scrumptious. I really want to..."

I knew he wanted to make love, but that was just crazy. He slid down his swim trunks, letting his penis flip out. It was so long. Part of me wanted to make love too, but I was afraid. I hid back in the woods, motioning for him to cover up.

"Oh, please Emi. Couldn't you just...?" he begged pointing to his doink. I really didn't think we should... what fuck... out here in broad daylight, but he looked so forlorn, like a little lost puppy. I reluctantly kneeled down at his feet.

"OK, but give me back my towel."

"I want to see you. You look gorgeous like that."

I giggled. I finally took a hold of his penis, and gave it a few playful tugs. It was jumping around like it was alive. I licked my lips, and looked up at him, doubtful, but he folded his hands together begging me to... well, you know, pleasure him. I slowly began stroking him with my hand and teasing him with the tip of my tongue. I was still worried, but maybe I can just get him to come really quickly. I took a deep breath, and then wrapped my lips around him. I couldn't fit it all in. I went as deep as I could, and then bobbed my head back and forth using my lips to massage him. It felt strange to have his cock in my mouth, but I did my best to make him happy.

Unfortunately, the blades of grass were tickling me on my thighs, getting me excited too. He pulled for me to stand up, but I didn't think he had any protection. I wrapped my lips around his dick, sliding along the shaft. His face looked so funny, like he was eating a lemon or something. I kept glancing back towards the hotel, making sure that Satomi or Futoshi weren't coming. That would have been pretty embarrassing if they came out, and found me naked... well you know, pleasuring Ryosuke this way.

I could kind of tell from his expression that Ryosuke was close to coming. He cradled my head pulling me closer, trying to guide me I guess. Luckily, he finally came. I could feel my mouth filling up with come, so I pulled away. I got some spray on my face and breasts. I swirled my tongue around, cleaning my mouth. I was still pretty horny I guess. He'd come, but I hadn't yet.

He was kind of spaced out. When he finished cleaning his dick, he offered me some wet wipes. I wiped my lips and my breasts, shuddering a bit from the sensation. I stood up, vaguely thinking of heading back to the hotel.

"Here. You'd better take your towel," Ryosuke called after me. I looked down at my naked body. In my horny state, I'd almost stepped out into the clearing naked. I padded back, and took the towel from him, blushing at my own foolishness. I slowly wrapped the towel around me, trying to tease him. He'd lost his oomph though, and just handed me my bikini trying to get me to calm back down.

When we got to the door of the pool, I folded my bikini, and hid it in my hand, so people wouldn't know I was walking around in just a towel. The belly flop guys kind of stared at me though as I walked past. When we got to the stairs, Ryosuke let me go first, so he could look up the back of my towel at my bare behind as I walked up the steps. He even reached out, and smacked me on the bottom.

"Hey!" I shouted.

"Sorry. I couldn't resist," he grinned. I ran up the stairs to get away, but he came chasing after me, giggling away. Once we got up to the hall though, we had to quieten down. I gave Ryosuke one last kiss, and then went into my room to have a shower. I was still horny, but tried to settle down. Satomi was lying on her bed.

"Didn't you just have a shower?" she asked.

"Oh... I went in for another swim," I told her.

Once I was all cleaned up and dressed, the four of us went out to supper, and then came back to the hotel, and played some cards until the boys headed back to their room.

The next morning, Satomi and I got up early. I was still all worked up I guess. I wanted to enjoy this vacation as much as possible. We showered, got dressed, and went over to knock on the boys' door. They didn't answer, so we went on ahead, and had some breakfast down in the hotel lobby. We knocked on the boys' door again on the way back, and they went off to have breakfast while Satomi and I got packed.

After breakfast, we piled into the car, and headed for Montoya Beach, a more lively resort area. It was absolutely packed. On the main street, all these people were walking around in their swimsuits, lining up for the flume slides, or eating in the sidewalk cafes.

We were getting hungry, so we stopped at a pizza shop, and had some lunch. We sat outside, but Ryosuke and Futoshi kept ogling all the girls going by. I tried not to let it bother me, but the girls were pretty bad. They'd walk up, and deliberately wiggle their hips, trying to seduce my boyfriend. California girls!

I eventually got fed up, and went to the washroom. I wasn't sure what to do, but I wanted to get Ryosuke to pay attention to me not these girls. I had on this orangey-red tiered mini-skirt that I was wearing over my bikini as a cover-up. Maybe if I just slide the skirt down a bit more, and show off my midriff. I pushed my skirt down, but now you could see the side ties on my bikini. I tried to push them down, but I finally got tired of fooling with them, and pulled my bikini bottoms right off. The breeze felt cool on my bare pussy, but it did feel exciting. I guess I was still randy from the day before.

When I looked in the mirror, it didn't look too bad. I still had my skirt on after all. If my skirt flipped up though, people would see my pussy. That could be kind of embarrassing. I rejigged my fanny pack trying to keep my skirt from blowing up. It looked pretty safe, but I'd have to be careful. I'll just nip out for a sec, and if it's too dangerous, I'll come right back. It should be OK as long as I'm sitting down.

When I came out of the washroom, I felt so nervous. I could really feel the breeze now, setting my whole body atingle. I sat down, and flattened out my skirt, a bit worried. Ryosuke looked me over, already suspecting I guess. He kind of raised an eyebrow, hinting there was something wrong, so I pulled the skirt up, but then I could feel the plastic seat on my bare bottom. Ryosuke looked satisfied, but I was getting all excited now. The three of them kept talking, but I just lowered my head trying to hide my face in my hair. My whole face felt hot from the excitement.

Once we finished eating, I excused myself, intending to go put my bikini bottoms back on. Unfortunately, they'd locked the door, and there was a sign saying 'out of order.' I asked the girl behind the counter where the nearest washroom was, and she said there were some on the beach. I didn't want to walk outside dressed like this, but I didn't have much choice now.

When I came back out, Ryosuke and the others said they wanted to go for a walk up the main street to take a look around. I was still wondering where the washrooms were, but anyway, we started walking. There were tons of cars driving up and down. My heart was beating away pitter-pat, but I tried to keep calm, and not let on that I was commando. Easier said than done!

I could feel the sea breeze swirling around my bottom and between my legs, making it hard to think. I kept looking around trying to see if anyone could tell. The guys in the cars did kind of leer, but maybe they couldn't tell I was naked under this short frilly mini-skirt.

Ryosuke kept forging up the street, but every time I took a step, the hem of the skirt would bounce up exposing my bottom. A guy in one of the cars honked his horn. Is he honking at me? I sure hope not. A couple of guys cat-called out their window, but most people didn't seem to notice. There were a lot of girls in bikinis on the street anyway. I was not the only one who is dressed a bit sexy.

Satomi and I had been following Ryosuke and Futoshi, but Futoshi finally stopped, and then turned to look at me. I wondered if he could tell I was nervous from the way I was acting. Worried that he would find out, I told them to wait, and set off to find a washroom. I did find one with an open door near the street we came in on. There were girls in the stalls, so I just pulled my bikini bottoms on by the sinks. I don't think anyone saw.

Once I was suited up, I went, and found the others. They didn't really say anything although Futoshi was still looking at me kind of strange. We finally found a spot to spread out our beach sheet. I swam a bit, and the four of us played in the sand.

Before long, it was almost time for supper. We packed up, and then looked around for a place to change, but there was this huge long line to get into the washrooms near us. We finally gave up, and walked back to where Futoshi had parked the car on this little side street with cottages and trees. We all needed to get changed, but there were all these people walking by. I guess it was Ryosuke who decided to just wrap a big towel around his waist, and change like that. Futoshi went next, and then me. Satomi looked really embarrassed, especially because people kept walking by, but she managed to change without dropping the towel or anything. I smiled, kind of glad that they'd got to feel what it's like to change in public.

Late the second night, we arrived at our next hotel. Our rooms were pretty nice. They had these big glass doors facing the street and the park beyond. It was kind of dark out, but anyway, I don't think I've ever stayed in a room quite like that before.

The next morning, we all had breakfast together, and then Satomi and I went for a swim in the pool. There were a lot of other guests in the pool, families mostly. One family was Asian, Chinese American I guess. One daughter looked at me as if to say, 'Hey, you look like me.' I started talking to her, and it turned out they were from San Francisco. Her mom came over, and we got talking about the Chinatown there and the Japantown. Even the parents were born in the States, so they were all pretty Americanized. Satomi started playing with the daughters, and then she suggested we take some pictures, so I went back to our room to get my camera.

I passed a man in the hall who seemed surprised to see me walking around the hotel in my dripping wet bikini. I looked down, and fixed my bottoms as he walked by, but for some reason, I felt funny. I'm not sure why, but I guess it kind of got me going.

Back in the room, I found the camera quickly enough, but before I went back, I wanted to do something. I went over to the glass doors that led out into the parking lot in front of our hotel. It was daylight now. The hotel was on a quiet street, so there weren't too many cars going by, but there were a bunch of cars parked out front. It was hard to tell if anyone was there.

I stood there looking out for a while, and I had this urge to take off my bikini. It's hard to explain why. Don't you ever feel like that?

Anyway, I reached around behind my neck, and quickly undid the bow. My bikini top fell down, and suddenly I was standing there by the window with my bare breasts showing. I quickly pulled off my top, and then reached down to pull down my bottoms too. I knew this was dangerous, standing naked by the glass doors with who knows all outside, but I just had to try.

I set my bikini down on the bed, and then paused there for a minute wondering what I should do. I knew I should be getting back to Satomi, but I kind of wanted to savor the feeling of being naked. I examined my body in the mirror. My breasts had grown quite large from the excitement. It was kind of weird lighting, with the sun from the glass doors throwing shadows onto my body. I cautiously walked over that way trying to get more light. I could see quite a few cars parked out front. Cars would go by on the street now and then, but our room was far enough back that I don't think they saw me.

I nervously undid the lock on the balcony door, and slowly opened it, trying not to make any noise. I could feel my heart pounding in my chest. I was a little worried that Satomi or Ryosuke might come looking for me. I slid open the door. The breeze blew in giving me goose bumps. I was getting so excited. I stepped out onto the little patio, holding my hand in front of my mouth, a bit proud of myself for getting up the nerve to come out here. Here I was standing out in front of the hotel naked. I even started thinking of walking across like that, and knocking on Ryosuke's glass door. Wouldn't he be surprised! Futoshi was probably there with him though.

Unfortunately, just then a car pulled in to the parking lot. I scrambled back inside, and moved away from the windows. I don't think they saw me, but it did give me quite a scare. I sat down on the bed, trying to calm back down.

I knew I should be getting back to Satomi, but I felt too excited to just get dressed. I walked back to the door on the hotel side of the room. I slowly turned the latch, and opened the door a crack. Just outside my room were these big trolleys for the linen. I couldn't see the cleaning women, but they must be doing the rooms right nearby. I opened the door a bit more, but I decided it would be too dangerous to go out naked into the hall with the cleaning ladies around. I finally came back in, put my bikini back on, and picked up the camera. I took a few deep breaths to try to calm back down, and then headed back to the pool.

When I got there, Satomi was still talking with the Chinese American mom. I took a few pictures of us as a group, and swam a bit more, but pretty soon, we said goodbye, and went back to our rooms. Satomi went into the bathroom to take a shower. I took off my bikini again, and stood there in the middle of the room drying myself off. Holding the towel in front of me, I walked back over to the glass doors, and suddenly, realized I'd left them open earlier. I'd gotten so excited walking around naked I'd completely forgot to close them. That was kind of a silly thing to do.

Outside in the parking lot, a couple pulled in in their SUV. I looked out at them, continuing to dry myself off as they unpacked their car. I moved my towel to the side, standing in the open door naked wondering if they would look over, and see me. The sound of the shower stopped, so I wrapped the towel around me, and moved away from the window. Satomi came out of the bathroom still naked, drying herself off with her own towel. Satomi really has the most amazing body and face. She's slender with smooth skin, a cute little rump and pert breasts. I wanted to see her pussy, but she wouldn't show me.

"How come the curtains are open?" she squealed. She covered herself up with her towel, and walked over obviously intending to close them. I dropped my own towel, and moved to stop her.

"It's OK. Don't worry. No one's looking anyway."

She opened her eyes wide, shocked at my recklessness. I was a bit surprised though that she'd come out of the bathroom naked. Was she into this too?

Satomi stood there clutching her towel, peering over at the open doors. Actually, I felt nervous too because we could kind of still hear that couple out there unloading their SUV. We couldn't see them, but we could hear them giggling. I picked up my towel, and started drying my hair, standing here naked. Satomi turned her back to me, shy I guess. I think she was probably excited too.

Curious, I inched closer to the door trying to see what the couple were doing. Satomi glared at me, obviously worried that they might see. Luckily, they had their backs to us, the man unloading the trunk, and the woman off at the side. I stood there staring at them, and then quickly backed away when the woman turned this way. Satomi had this strange look on her face, but I broke out laughing. Satomi was trying to stay out of sight, but I was glad she was willing to go this far. I'll convert her yet.

Anyway, just then Ryosuke knocked on the door, scaring the living daylights out of both of us. He yelled in,

"It's almost check out time."

"OK, we'll be out in a sec," I yelled back. Satomi looked horrified. I smiled to reassure her, and then snuck off to have a shower.

Once we were both dressed, we opened the door. Ryosuke was out in the hall waiting for us, and Futoshi had gone ahead to pack our stuff into his car. I wonder if Futoshi saw us standing there naked by our glass doors. That would be pretty embarrassing.

Anyway, we piled into the car, and headed for Sapphire beach. Once we got there, we found a parking spot right around the corner from the main shopping street. Sapphire Beach is a tiny town, mostly just forest and cottages, but it was packed with people. It's one of the most popular beaches in that area. Satomi and I kept our t-shirts on for the walk down the shopping street, but a lot of people were in their swimsuits. The American guys we saw all seemed to be wearing long trunks, but the girls were in colorful bikinis. We set down our stuff just by the entrance, and the boys went in swimming, while Satomi and I sat on the shore, and chatted.

Just behind us, a Chinese family drove up, and parked their SUV. I wouldn't have noticed except that their 18 year old daughter took off all her clothes, and stood there naked while her mom got her swimsuit ready. I guess they must have been new to the States, because they didn't seem to know that you're not supposed to strip naked here out in view of everyone. I wondered if I should tell them, but the funny thing was that no one else on the beach seemed to be paying much attention. That got me wondering if maybe it wasn't all right after all. My sister Norika and I got in big trouble when we got changed on the beach in Hawaii just after we moved there. Was this beach different? Maybe the people were more open-minded, and it was OK. Satomi noticed the girl too, and she looked over at me a bit distressed.

After a while, the boys came out, and watched our stuff while Satomi and I went in swimming. We waded out quite a ways to where the water was fairly deep. The sea was all green, so you couldn't really see under water.

Seeing the girl stand there naked like that as if it was the most natural thing in the world made me want to try something too. I swam over to a spot where there wasn't anyone else around, and then stood on a sand bar with the water all the way up to my neck. Satomi followed me over, and was looking at me a bit suspiciously perhaps guessing what I was up to. I just ignored her though, untied my bikini bottoms, and slid them off between my legs. I held the bottoms clenched tightly in my fist, afraid I might drop them, but honestly, I felt so excited swimming around bottomless with all these people around. I quickly realized that it was too dangerous, and I pulled my bottoms back on. Once I'd calmed down, we went back to where the boys were. I'm pretty sure Satomi had guessed what I had done, but she didn't say anything.

We were all getting pretty hungry, so we went, and found one of the restaurants they'd mentioned in the guidebook. It was right on the beach, so you could sit, and watch all the people outside basking in the sun. The waitress came, and took us to our table. We were still all in our soaking wet swimsuits, so once we'd all ordered, Futoshi and Satomi headed off to the washrooms to get cleaned up. When they came back, Ryosuke and I went.

Ryosuke was in such a good mood. He loves the beach, and seeing me in my bikini. He gave me a playful pat on the behind as we walked over to the washrooms on the other side. This whole half of the restaurant seemed to be closed. There was no one sitting at the tables. Still, you could see in through the windows, so I took his hand.

"Hey, none of that!"

"You have some sand on your behind. I was just trying to brush it off," he beamed. I just held his hand tighter, but when we got to the washrooms, he tried to follow me into the ladies'.

"Hey, the guys' is over there," I pointed out.

"Oh, sorry. Honest mistake," he retorted cheerfully.

I went in, locked the door, and took off my bikini. I cupped water from the sink onto my body trying to get the sand all off. There came a knock at the door.

"Are you decent?" It was Ryosuke of course.

"No!"

"Then open up, and give me a peek."

I stopped, and thought about it for a moment.

"Is anyone out there?" I asked.

I heard him dash out to see what the waitresses were doing, and then come back.

"The coast is clear."

My heart was pounding in my chest, but I finally opened the door a crack, and peeked out. Out the windows, you could see the beach, but most of the people were pretty far away. Ryosuke motioned for me to come out--naked--into the dining room, so he could see.

"Why am I always the one who has to do these things?" I complained. In response, Ryosuke made as if he was going to pull down his swimming trunks, but I told him to stop. He motioned for me to come out into the dining room. It's true there was no one sitting in this section, but there were a whole bunch of customers just on the other side, back near the entrance.

I knew I shouldn't, but I came out, and hid behind him. Being out here naked was giving me the heebie-jeebies.

"Here, sit down. I want to take your picture."

My hands shaking, I quickly pulled out a chair, and sat my bare bottom down on it. He quickly snapped a shot, and then I dashed back into the washroom, and got dressed. It turned out to be the funniest picture though, me sitting there naked in this trendy restaurant. I guess it was kind a silly thing to do, but I don't think anyone saw.

After lunch, we decided to head back to Oceanview before it got too late. We walked back to the car, and got ready to change. Parked just off the main street, it was a bit more public than where we'd changed the day before.

Just next to our car, there was a line of trees, which blocked the view from the house, but we were fairly near the corner. On the main street, we could see this long line of cars waiting to get into the main parking lot. No one there seemed to be looking this way, but just across the street from us, there were two couples standing by their car. The guys were kind of looking over this way checking out Satomi and me. Futoshi was getting stuff out of the trunk, but Ryosuke and Satomi were standing there nervously watching to see what I was going to do.

I wrapped a big beach towel around myself, under my arms but over my breasts. I kept tying and retying the knot, but I had trouble getting it to stay. It was so hard to pull my bikini top up without undoing the knot, and somehow I managed. I set my top down on top of the car, and then straightened my towel. The two guys across the street had noticed me changing, and were staring pretty steadily now. I felt worried, so I turned my back to them, and tried to pull my bottoms off without dropping the towel. I ended up holding the towel in place with one hand, and pulled my bottoms off with the other. The towel kept slipping down the slope of my breasts, so I re-tied it several times just to make sure it would stay.

Taking my swimsuit, I moved around to the trunk. I folded my suit up, put it in a plastic bag, and tried to find my sundress. Futoshi was standing there with this funny look on his face, obviously amused by my cheekiness, undressing out here in public. I couldn't find my dress, and then I realized I'd left it in my backpack in the back seat. I walked out to the street side of the car, and opened the door. Across the street, besides my two fans, there was another group of guys coming down the sidewalk headed for the beach, and on the main street too, I could see people walking by.

I put my hand on my chest to still my beating heart. My breasts were perking up from the excitement. Feeling very hot, I stuck my head in the car, and kneeled on the seat, while I dug out my dress.

My towel fell open at the top exposing my breasts, but luckily, I was leaning far enough forward that I don't think anyone could see. I gently squeezed one breast, and felt this jolt of electricity run down my spine. Taking my sundress, I backed out of the car, but when I closed the door, my towel got caught in it. I pulled on it to try to get it out, but the knot was already coming undone. Half in a daze from the heat and excitement, I watched in horror as the towel unraveled, and fell to the ground. I was suddenly naked out on the street.

Everyone turned to look. Even Ryosuke looked shocked. Panicking, I ran around behind the car, and hid behind Ryosuke.

"Can you bring me my towel?" I asked. He went out into the street to get it, so I switched, and hid behind Futoshi instead. He turned to look at my naked body. I felt so strange, standing out here naked with all these people watching. I slid my hand between my legs to hide my pussy. My whole body was tingling with excitement. I could feel an orgasm coming on.

Futoshi and Satomi were freaking, but I couldn't see what Ryosuke was doing. The guys across the street were craning their heads, trying to get a better look at me. Satomi moved around, and stood next to Futoshi to block their view. Futoshi just stood there gawking at me in disbelief.

"The towel got caught," I rushed to explain, out of my head with excitement. The guys from across the street were coming, so I ran around to the side of the car, and struggled to find the bottom of my dress. Even the people down on the main street had noticed me now, stopping to gawk.

I finally got the dress figured out, and pulled it on over my head, but not before maybe ten, twenty people saw me. I straightened out my dress, and then got into the car, humiliated at having got caught naked like that. The guys from across the street stared into the car at me, but Ryosuke shooed them away. Ryosuke seemed a little annoyed actually. I'd caused such a fuss it wasn't really safe for us to stay there anymore. I don't think anyone called the police, but they easily could have. Futoshi kept shaking his head as he drove away.

"Emi, you've got to stop doing these things!" Satomi scolded.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to."

Ryosuke sat eyes front. Was he angry at me for flashing all those people?

"Anyway, I'll try to be more careful."

We finally found a washroom, and I pulled on some panties. I'm not sure what Satomi and Futoshi made of it all, but it was kind of fun while it lasted.

Emi Tsuruta

