Realization struck Judy as she says, "You knew they were there all along."
As my mouth opens, Bob chimes in with, "Sure did Mam, he kept looking over to see if we were interested in helping to pleasure you." Having to let go of his cock, he reaches over and taking Judy's hand he shakes it as he says, "And what is your name?" With his other hand he takes the pillow away and sets it back up by the headboard. Judy tries to cover herself, but her hand is still captured within his. He smiles broadly at her and says, "Such a beautiful lady, it is an honor that you invited us to enjoy your ummm favors, Mrs..." Bob pauses expectantly waiting.
Looking at my Judy from between her wide spread legs I finally speak up with, "Honey, calm down." as an after thought that might not have been the best start as she turns her attention from Bob to me. "Remember, you have always told me that you wanted to try, but would chicken out if we set up a meet with a couple of the online guys. And you always said to just set one up and once we were into it you would be able to ignore the moral implications of knowing. That way you could make it a sex only evening without the guilt to go with it.
Judy's eyes narrow as she thinks through our conversations and as her nostrils flair she says, "You were supposed to warn me before they got here so I would have a chance to back out if need be."
Looking to Hank who is pulling his work shirt over his head, and then Bob who has turned the handshake to a sympathetic soft patting on the back of her hand. I look down as a reprimanded puppy as I search for words. My eyes out of focus as I try to think sharpens as I see her patch of hair, wet from her orgasms, and traces of my cum leaking out of her from just moments ago. My mind starts to click with a reply.
Lifting my gaze I notice that she isn't looking at me any more, but at Hank. With his shirt off she can see his broad shoulders and abs that I wish I had. He hasn't said a word, but continues to undress in front of her. His cock not as firm as it was a few moments ago while he stroked it, but is still rather impressive as he sheds his pants and boxers.
As she watches with interest, I start again hurriedly pushing the words out before she could interrupt. "I am sorry that I didn't warn you like I was going to, but I was running late and you were in your domination mood. You are the one that told me to be quiet. I even tried to point toward the door, but you slapped my hand with the riding crop and even punished me for not being submissive enough. Anyway you don't seem too upset."
Judy takes a deep breath and I can feel the rebuttal building inside her as Bob lets out a mild groan. She whips her head around and there is Bob, closer than before, with his pants down around his ankles. Her eyes spring wide open as she realizes that Bob had slowly guiding her hand to wrap her fingers around his cock. When she looks back at me in shock I just smile back at her as she sees Hank's hands have replaced mine on her ankles.
He presses her legs toward the headboard and spreads them wider in an effort to opening and lifting her upward at the same time to accommodate his extra height. Stepping around to the edge of the bed I watch for a few moments until Judy says in a quivering voice, "Don't leave me."
I smile back down to her and in a soft and as reassuring voice as I can muster and say, "I would never leave you." Meanwhile Hank slides his cock over Judy's clitoris making her lean her head back and opening her mouth as her breathing becomes more labored. Bob takes advantage of her disorientation and tipping her head toward him presses forward, forcing her lips to part farther and allow him entrance. As his cock slips past her teeth and over the tongue she closes her lips around it and lets her tongue press up against it. Moments later he takes a deep breath as he feels her acceptance and starts to slide in and out as she matches his strokes with sucking as he tries to withdraw it.
Hank who was waiting for a sign that she is willing to go with it. He smiles at his friend's passion to get his cock sucked. As she starts to participate, Hank stops sliding his cock over her clit and concentrates on positioning it for his own insertion.
Running my fingers up Judy's arm I lean over and whisper in her ear, "You are so beautiful. I love you." Noticing that her legs are being re-positioned I see that Hank is about to enter her and that he is still bareback. Hurriedly I say, "Hank, condoms are not optional. Put one on, or this night is over."
Hank falters for a moment then says, "Really, but you already came in her. I've had a vasectomy and you want her to have a great time. Nothing beats the feel of a bareback cock as it slides deep inside."
Shaking my head at him I say, "Please, don't." I grab a condom from the night stand and toss it to him. With his hands wrapped around her fish net clad ankles he isn't about to drop Judy's legs to catch it. He inflates his chest making it even broader and more impressive than before, and lets the condom slap against it. Sliding off his pecs, it lands on Judy's neatly trimmed patch.
Hank smiles at me and nodding at the condom says, "Well its on, does that count?"
I didn't know I could raise just one eyebrow before this, but I seem to have mastered it on my first try, because without another word Hank rests one of her legs against his chest. This allows him to start the decent with a light slide his fingers down the inside of her calf, causing a quivering sensation throughout Judy's body. As he reaches the end of the stocking he takes the extra time to swirl his fingertips around on the bare skin. Finally they skirt her sensitive angelic wings that he so shortly ago was sliding his cock over the outside edges.
Taking the time to run his fingers over her patch and using his thumb to spread those wings he takes his time as he rubs over that elusive nub. Impressed with Judy's reaction to his ministrations as she starts to gyrate her hips as she moans over Bob's cock. Without taking his eyes off of her Hank says, "You better toss me another one, because I am going to want this more than once."
I pick up a couple of condoms from the box and walk them back to Hank. As I go, I let the grouping of four packets unfold in front of him as he continues to massage Judy's sensitive clitoris and and say, "Go for it, but you have to put that first one on before you will need the second." I place the packets on the TV stand behind him as I hear the first condom rip open.
I turn in time to watch him slide it over the tip of his uncut cock, thinking that maybe I should have bought Magnums. He is about the same length as I am now that he is fully erect, but his girth is slightly broader. It will give a nice snug fit as it slides between her lovely outer wings. I hope she doesn't crave bigger cocks after she gets a taste of this one.
Hank catches me watching him, and he must of thought that I am being over protective as he says, "Its on. OK?"
I just shake my head and reply, "Oh, yes, I know she will think that monster will be more than OK." which brings a perverted smile accented by his narrowing eyes on her body. Going up the side of the bed I reach to take her hand for moral support, but she had given her body a half twist while I was delivering the condoms. For it is now latched onto Bob's ass cheek for better access to his cock. I am torn between watching it slide all the way in and then hold her lips tight against his crotch with his hand. Instead I find the thought of Hank's initial slow press against those lovely wings and right on past as he keeps going.
I can't take my eyes off her spreading angel lips as it slowly disappears into her. When he is only about half way in, Judy starts to push away from Bob's cock and he lets her go. He has seen other women's reactions to Hank's cock and doesn't want to deprive her of watching it sink inside. Judy falls back flat onto the bed and tries to lift her hips to easy the insertion. Pulling a pillow under her head so she watch as the last of it bottoms out inside of her. With his balls pressing up tight against her ass he rocks from side to side. His motion allows her hips shift like she does for me when I press up against her cervix.
He stays there for a second before pulling out until only the tip is still buried inside. Her eyes widen as she gasps at the width of his tool. Her left hand reaches out for me in panic as he starts to shove it back in. Not the slow gentle one he had just done, but one with more power and meaning. This time I hear his balls slap against her moist ass as she does a guttural gasp. She looks up to me with a worried face as she grasps for my chest. Bob takes her other hand places it back on his now neglected cock. I catch her hand in mine and lower it to my own cock as I smile at her with a mixture of reassurance and my own lust. As the cock retreats then drives back in again and again her walls must have stretched enough to absorb his size, for her face slackens and her eyes flutters between falling in and out of focus.
Judy looks down at my cock and starts to stroke it as she blows me a kiss. It seems to lose some of the loving she intended as I see that her hips have synced up with Hanks thrusts. Lifting from the waist as her legs are held high and wide apart. He spreads her legs even further apart so he can watch as his cock buries itself to the hilt within her moist tunnel. Her whimpers turn to an ever increasing moan as I stand beside her, my own cock hard with its natural long downward bow. She turns her head away from me only to see Bob beside her manipulating her own hand to slide over his cock until she slowly takes over.
As she does he lets go of her hand he reaches over to palm one breast and then the other as she continues to stroke his cock. Pushing forward he brings his cock to her lips and waits. Her breath coming in ragged bursts, as the sloshing wetness between her legs comes flooding out of her. I know she is rolling through her orgasms and I doubt she will stop until Hank stops. At the rate he is pumping I don't think will be any time soon. Eventually he picks up the pace and really starts to drive in deep with hard thrusts that make her whole body jerk. Her large tits bounce up and down with such force she lets go of me and lays her arm across them to try and control them.
This gives me the time to pull my phone out of my pocket and switch it over to camera. Holding the camera so she can't see it, I snap a couple of pics as she sucks on Bob's cock and Hank hammers his way inside of her. Although, it seems that I over estimated his stamina as Hank's breathing comes out in a staccato beat. Suddenly he presses in as deep as it goes and just holds it there. His body convulsing as Judy's eyes have rolled back into her head. Her ass pushing up into him, trying to drive him in deeper as she feels his balls pulse against her and his cock rolling it forward in spasmic trusts.
Hank gives a couple of more feeble pumps and then lets his cock pull all the way out. The tip of his condom has filled with his cum. Lowering her legs he lets them rest over the edge of the bed as he pulls the condom off and lays it on the unprotected wood of the TV stand. With a cum coated cock bobbing as he walks around to Bob's side of the bed he taps him on the shoulder and says, "Go have fun. I need to get her to clean up the mess she made me make."
Looking down at Hank's massive tool he says, "I hope you didn't stretch her so out of shape that she can at least know when my pencil dick is in her." Bob lets his cock slide out of Judy's mouth moves to swap positions with Hand at the end of the bed and stepping into the spray from her multiple orgasms he steps back and says, "Pull her up onto the bed, I'm not going to stand in this swimming pool. No matter how hot it was to watch."
I glare at him,.but as Hank grabs her from under her knee and shoulder, I quickly follow suit so he doesn't just drag her up like a rag doll. Using her feet, she kicks feebly as she giggles on her way up the bed as she slides up to the pillows. Once in place Hank slides her a bit closer to his side of the bed and turns her head toward him and says, "You and that amazing pussy of yours caused this. So I expect you wouldn't mind cleaning it up. OK?" Her mouth opens wide as he taps the end of it on her lips, dislodging a few drops of cum over them. Her tongue licks her lips to catch the droplets as she reaches over and grabbing the base of his cock she pulls the hood back as she starts to lick his cock. Starting by circling the now visible head her tongue scoops the cum off.
Hank must have had other ideas on how to clean him off because he presses his cock between her lips and drives forward in a slow but firm push while saying, "No, this is how you clean me up, Slut."
Glaring at Hank, I say in a controlled roar, "Hey!"
Hank and Bob look up with that surprised look on their faces, as if they had forgotten I was even there. Hank says, "Sorry. My fuck-buddy loves it when I talk dirty to her. I figured she would also."
Judy flails a hand aimlessly at me trying to calm me down as she lays there with his cock in her mouth.
Bob in the mean time has pushed her legs apart and is about to lay on top of her. I look at him and he nods behind him and I see a second torn packet laying next to the used condom. With a slight nod he smiles at me and then it grows even wider as he looks down to her breast. Such lovely, large mounds. With pinkish nipples just within reach of his lips. He bends and sucks on one and then the other as he slithers between her legs. Raising his ass slightly he lowers himself into her with a dreamy eyed moment of pleasure.
As she moans at having another cock enter her. Her neck down to her breast grows a bright red as they both continue to press in and out. Knowing that she is about to orgasm again Hank's hand cups the back of her head like Bob, had done, and holds her there until she almost chokes before releasing her. She gasps for breath and as she starts to recover he drives his cock in again. All the time Bob is laying on top of her driving his hips up and down. His ass rising and falling in a fast rhythmic beat, bringing her over the edge and into more orgasms.
Bob leans back as he continues to drive in and out of her, saying, "Damn she is one hot lady. You sure are lucky. Even after taking Hank's whopper cock she is still clutching down on my pencil dick. Does she like anal? I would love to..." Suddenly he stops talking as his balls start to spew their own seed into the end of his condom. He slowly collapses back onto her as he finishes with some halfhearted pumps.
After a few moments his ass stops moving and he gets back up onto his forearms and smiles a twisted smile to his friend. Hank starts to face fuck Judy without mercy. Seeing that she is not able to catch her breath Hank finally pulls out just short of coming again. Smiling down at her he says "I am saving this one for somewhere else."
My Judy tries to get saucy and says, "Didn't get enough yet?" Judy coughs and continues with, "Well can't wait to see where your wanting to put that."
I speak up at that point with "You sir, need another condom and she needs water before you stick it anywhere." As Bob slides out of the way I grab her legs and swing her over to my side and help her up to a sitting position. She wobbles a bit woozy before I feel it is safe enough to let. I hand her the water bottle that I had sitting on the end table for her. She is covered in a light sheen of sweat. I kiss her and while up close I ask, "Are you done, or do you think you can handle another round. This one may be a little rougher knowing Hank, and I am pretty sure Bob wants your ass."
Judy takes another long sip of water and then places the cool bottle between her breast, and says, "Whatever you want. This is your fantasy, I am just here to enjoy a good hard fuck."
Kissing her forehead I go to the sink and run some cold water over a hand towel before returning. The guys meanwhile have climbed back onto the bed behind her to nibble her neck and reaching around her grasp a breast each. Judy's head falls back and lolls from side to the other as they bite, suck nibble away. The water bottle falls free as her breast are molded within their palms. Her nipples are pulled, twisted and teased as she lets out an almost continuous moan. All I can do is stand there with a towel in one hand as my other is holding my engorged cock.
Hank shoulders Bob and looking up at me they tip her back slightly and letting go of her breast they slide their hands down to her thighs and spread them open wide. The view is one of her breast thrust out at me. Following her body downward her naked body, except for her stained thigh high stocking her spread legs arrow my vision to the blood engorged and very sensitive angel wings. Bob must have been watching me closely because as my eyes seek it out he slides his fingers up to them and spreads them wide. Then in almost a dance with her flesh he peels back the covering hood of her clitoris. It seems to call out to me as he scoops some moisture from around it with one finger he places it over the tip and rubs it gently. The moan it elicits puts me into motion.
I step forward and wipe some of the sweat off of her, letting the cooler water bring her temperature down. My heart is racing at how erotic the night has been. From the moment the door opened and she was standing there in her stilettos, fish net stockings, the garter belt, and bustier girdle. Now only the thigh high stockings are still in place as she leans against the voyeurs from the parking lot.
Dropping to my knees in front of her and moving Bob's hand out of the way I start licking and sucking her clitoris. Her moans grow louder. Dipping my tongue deep inside of her I taste her moisture and her spray, the spray a bit heavier taste, but very heady. As I dip my tongue in again I feel her pelvis tip for me. I can feel my cock beginning to pulse, as I continue to get her moist tunnel even wetter.
Judy is the one that is being teased, but it is I that can't take any more, so standing I wave Hank out of the way. Grabbing her hips I flop her over onto her stomach. Lifting her ass into the air I spread her ass cheeks and guide myself into her. Judy gets up on her elbows as I slide in and out. My balls slapping up over her clitoris. Her breast dangling down sway with each slap of my balls. The smell of sex and the groans increase in volume as my cock slides over her raw nerves.
It starts out a very faint whisper and grows as she repeats herself over and over again saying, "Fuck me"
Hank reaches under her to catch and paw at her breast. Every so often I hear a light slap and and accompanying groan from Judy. My cock is pulsing as Bob grabs a couple of pillows as he slides around in front of Judy. Propping them up behind him he lays back and inches his cock closer and closer to her.
Pushing her forward and onto his cock as I continue to drive into her. Judy licks at his cock as she is forced forward and then peeling the foreskin back with her fingertips she circles the purple helmeted cock tasting the precum collected there. Finally I lean her forward far enough for her to slip her lips over the tip and continues down as far as she can reach. The sight of my lover devouring a cock as I look up her curved naked body with my cock sliding in and out of her round ass is too much. With one more hard push I bury myself in as far as possible as I pulse deep inside of her.
Not ready to be pushed so far forward she swallows all seven inches of his cock and using her hungry mouth to bring him over the top and she is being filled from both ends. Keeping her lips tight she doesn't let a drop spill out. Leaning back to let my cock finally fall free, she is also able to slide off of his cock.  
Rolling onto her side she looks up at Hank who is holding his cock in his hand and says, "I am pretty spent, but you had someplace you wanted to put that load?"
A sheepish grin spreads across his face from ear to ear. It looks so out of place on a big strong guy like him, but as he pulls his hand away from his cock she smiles. In the excitement of the moment his voyeurism had taken over depositing his load into his palm. White cream covers it, tipping his hand for us to see he says, "I guess that isn't going to happen now."
Judy says, "Oops, was a little hot wasn't it? Sticking her hand out to me I pull her back to a sitting position on the edge of the bed and hand her the water bottle again. As she takes another sip I tell the guys, "I guess this is it for the night then. Hank why don't you clean up and then you guys can get dressed. I think I have some cuddle time with this beautiful lady before we pass out.