New Girl put In her Place
by gwentman

New Girl put In her Place Part 4.

Josie and her friends Mary and Lisa were accompanying Catherine to her house. Josie thanks to all of Lisa's photo and recording work now had plenty of evidence to take total control of this girl their beautiful classmate. They had her phone number and soon they would know exactly where she lived. Josie was determined that there would be no escape for Catherine now that she and her friends had regained the upper hand. Knowing where Catherine lived would be the icing on the cake for what had been a very successful day beyond her wildest dreams.

Catherine for her part had not wanted this strange group of girls to be her friends let alone know where she lived but she had no choice, unless she had wanted to walk home totally naked.

Mary could not help having some more fun at Catherine's expense.

' Heh Cath I bet its great going commando. You probably need some air round that wet pussy . Cool it down a bit. '

Catherine was annoyed at this but new she could not afford to provoke any of these girls with the sexually explicit material they had collected on her that afternoon. She new she had to play for time and try and figure how to get out of this predicament. She wanted to say something witty but could think of nothing. It was Josie who replied.

' O leave her alone stop fooling with her. After all pet baby gave her knickers to me as a present. ' This annoyed Catherine even more how long was this pet baby nonsense going to go on for. She decided to stay silent. This was not an option Josie was determined for her to speak.

' Pet baby it would be nice of you to thank me for standing up for you I said I would but you must obey my every command. Otherwise I may let Lisa post all of those interesting shots. ' Catherine was forced to reply.

' Thank you Josie. '

' No no pet baby that is so wrong. You mean Mistress Josie. ' While Josie said this Lisa waved her phone in Catherine's face and said.

' Should I press send'

' No please don't. Thank you Mistress Josie '

Josie was just loving the power she was beginning to exercise over Catherine. She would now be back in charge at school with the bonus of controlling this girl and controlling all her classmates via her control of Catherine. Eventually they got to Catherine's house and watched her go in. Catherine was so glad to escape these girls company. Josie, Mary and Lisa kept looking at the house from a discrete distance for over ten minutes just in case she had gone to a friends to fool them. After all she was an A grade student but they left after they were convinced that this was Catherine's home.

Later that night Lisa forwarded all the photographs and filming of Catherine's initiation. Josie watched it all in the privacy of her own bedroom and masturbated to several of the images. The next day a Saturday off from school the three girls met and discussed all their material. Lisa had also in filming Catherine had plenty of photo's and filming of the boys and their actions. Lisa had lingered on the boys groin area's and bulges were apparent under their trousers. All three girls decided that they had material if required to possibly blackmail the boys in future if they wanted too. But their main focus was their new toy, pet baby Catherine. Josie lived only with her mum who was a nurse who had medical equipment at home. Next weekend her mother was going away from the Friday to the Sunday evening. A plan was formulating in Josie's mind which she shared with her two friends. They all thought it was a great idea and would be such terrific fun. They wondered how they would get through the week at school they were so excited about what they planned for the next weekend. 


Re: New Girl put In her Place Part 3 +4

Catherine had to summon up all her courage to go back into school the following Monday. After all last Friday on the way home she had been ambushed by six of her classmates and been stripped totally naked. Yet under their stimulation her body had become aroused more than she had ever experienced before. This had resulted in her having a massive orgasm. She had spent part of the weekend wondering if she had some kind of sexual perversion. Surely if she hated what had happened totally she would not have got wet and eventually cum. Although she was mature for her age both physically and mentally these were perplexing questions for somebody who was only 14 years of age.

Yet Catherine was determined not to be driven out of her new school and she was going to look her immaculate best on returning to school after the weekend which had given her a gap of two days to get over Friday's ordeal. Catherine paid particular attention to brushing her long black hair ensuring that it would look its best. She dressed in her usual white blouse, school tie, blue skirt, white socks and flat black shoes


Re: New Girl put In her Place Part 3

Catherine's first two days back at school were unpleasant but not as bad as she had imagined. The three boys that had been present at her stripping had different responses to her. She blushed when she saw them knowing that they had seen her totally exposed. Joe was the worst constantly grinning at her. Matt appeared confused and overwhelmed after the incident with the coke bottle and did not know how to respond to her anymore. Luke who Catherine had really liked seemed upset about his role in her stripping and somewhat sorry. Yet she could not forget how turned on she had got when he was fondling her breasts and playing with her nipples.

Catherine was more worried about the strange tomboy girl Josie and her two friends Mary and Lisa. She had guessed by know that it was Josie who had planned her initiation and the form that it would take. Yet in class and formal situations around school all three girls were fine to her and more friendly than ever before. She found it a bit strange that Josie started winking at her each morning. Given what had happened last Friday this made Catherine blush as well.


Re: New Girl put In her Place Part 3

Except for the blushing in front of the boys every time she caught theirs eyes upon her, the most difficult part of the week back in school after the weekend was the rest breaks between lessons such as lunchtime . Josie , Mary and Lisa insisted that she spend all of her break times now with them. Catherine found all three girls quite strange as they all seemed very much tomboys and never wore skirts ,all three wearing the alternative school regulation trousers . Yet the most annoying part of these free periods when the four of them were alone was Josie continuing to insist when Catherine spoke to her that she address her as Mistress Josie.

Josie watched Catherine very closely these first days back at school after her stripping. She saw that the girl was almost treading on egg shells around her and her two friends to ensure that she did not upset them in anyway. Josie was just loving the way Catherine had to call her Mistress and she could see that this girl resented having to do so, though she knew she had no option. Outside of the classroom and the presence of teachers Josie only referred to Catherine when speaking to her as pet baby and got Mary and Lisa to do the same. This they both did to their great amusement. The look in Catherine's eyes of anger were a pure picture, though the girl to her credit did not say anything. Josie was finding getting Catherine to obey here when this attractive girl did not really want to quite exciting and loved the feeling of power this gave her.


New Girl put in her Place Part 3 Cont

Catherine was looking forward to getting through to the end of the week with no further incidents. When she had returned to school she felt not only humiliated by her stripping and forced orgasm and wondered how she was going to face her classmates. She could not recall having blushed so often in her life before. Yet part of her had been very fearful that the treatment she had received last Friday on the way home from school would become a regular event and that she would be stripped again. After Monday had passed without incident she started to relax further as the week went on and nothing had happened by Thursday. She disliked at break times being called Pet Baby by Josie, Mary and Lisa. Even more so it really stuck in her throat having to call Josie, Mistress Josie. Catherine comforted herself with the thought of how worse things could be and was starting to feel more comfortable. Certainly she had no intention of reporting to any teachers what had happened to her being fully aware that Lisa had filmed the whole event. She had given her word and although it was bad enough that the explicit nature of her exposure was retained by Josie, Mary and Lisa she could not cross these three girls and take the risk of the filming of her exposure being shared with the boys and maybe even further afield. It had been bad enough that the boys had been present whilst her vagina had been spread for examination and they had witnessed her most powerful orgasm so far in her young life. The thought of them having a permanent film and watching it regularly filled Catherine with dread. Though she wondered if the boys had been masturbating already just from seeing her so exposed last week. She had to admit to herself the thought of the three boys pleasuring themselves made her a bit tingly in her lower regions.




Having got to Thursday morning with no further incidents besides the stupid name she was being called by the three girls and the childish way in which Josie insisted on being referred to as Mistress Josie . Catherine was feeling relatively relieved. She was starting to envisage how she could act as the girls friend and over time persuade them to delete all the explicit film and photos they had of her.

Josie was watching with delight as Catherine began to slowly start to relax as she already knew what her plans for this attractive classmate where. She and her friends wanted to leave their invitation for the weekends coming sleepover to the last moment. Josie was also struggling with some new feelings, namely every time she looked at Catherine she felt herself getting quite hot. Remembering her totally naked body of last Friday and how it felt to touch her most intimate body parts. In fact Josie had looked at the photos and film more than once of lasts weeks stripping. She could not help but admit to herself that watching Catherine's orgasm sent her over the edge. She wondered if she was a lesbian but also had to admit some of the hot boys in her class made her tingly and wet as well. This applied to Luke and she had wanted amongst other reasons to pull Catherine down a peg or two because she did not like his obvious preference for the other girl over herself.


Re: New Girl put In her Place Part 3

Josie had easily persuaded Mary and Lisa not to mention the sleepover to Catherine at first break. She explained how she wanted to save the good news for the 30 minutes lunch break. Also she wanted Catherine to be thinking about having to attend a sleep over with them for the rest of the afternoon and all day Friday as well. She noted that Catherine was always the last person to arrive in their group and was well aware that she would not join them at all if last Friday had not happened. After about 5 minutes of talking about class that morning and any programmes they had watched on line it was Josie who spoke up as part of the arranged plan.

' You know Pet Baby it has been a real pleasure this week to have your company with us girls every breaktime. In fact all three of us have enjoyed your company. Therefore we have decided to invite you to a sleepover weekend at my house from Friday night. We planned this sleepover a few weeks ago but now that you have joined our group and you are so much fun to hang around with we could just not imagine you not being there.' She then watched the look of surprise on Catherine's face and her sense of trepidation could not be hidden on her open expression.

' O say yes Pet Baby it will be such a fun weekend.' Mary quickly added knowing all to well what they had planned the weekend before. She had so enjoyed last Friday herself she just wanted more. Although Josie was in charge Mary was a hundred percent behind her plans for their new friend and classmate.

Catherine although thrown by this unexpected turn of events could be quite quick on her feet and she remembered to address this strange girl in the manner that she knew was expected of her at present. Though she was becoming increasingly determined to get out of this situation as soon as possible,

' Thank you Mistress Josie but my mother is very strict and will not allow me to stay at other peoples houses unless their parents are present' Catherine suspected that Josie's mother would not be present and hoped to use this as an excuse not to attend or at the very least find out if Josie's mother would actually be present.


Josie quickly snapped back, ' Of course my mother will be at home I have told her all about what a great A grade student you are. She is so looking forward to meeting you , she thinks you will be a good example to me and how she feels you are a good example for me to learn from. Which you are.' While saying this Josie shot a withering glance at Lisa who she was afraid would let the cat out of the bag and say that her mother would not be home until Monday evening.

Lisa saw the look and stayed quiet making no comment at all. If truth be told she was a little afraid of Josie and that if she did not go along with her and Mary's plan they may turn on her. She knew she would die inside if she had been stripped naked in the way Catherine had with boys being present.




Catherine was racking her brain to think of how she could get out of this sleepover invitation but state it in such a polite way as not to antagonise Josie or the other two girls, ' I would be delighted to meet your mother Mistress Josie but my mother would not allow me to stay over if there are any boys staying as well. ' Catherine was fearful that she was being set up for a repeat performance of lasts Fridays stripping and further groping from her classmates.
Lisa responded quickly in an attempt to stay in Josie's good books ensuring she used the name they called Catherine at break times. ' No need to worry Pet Baby there will be no boys just us girls. '
Mary chimed in, ' Yes come on Pet Baby it will be just us girls it will be a great girly fun time. '



Josie was just loving Catherine's distress at the thought of having to spend a sleepover at her house. Now she so wanted to rub in her advantage. She looked Catherine directly in the eyes and began speaking.
' Well Pet Baby we are just trying to be friends do you think that you are to good for us.' She just loved Catherine's actual expression of distress as she made this accusation. Before Catherine could respond Josie continued.
' You were certainly glad of our help last Friday when we stopped the boys from stealing your clothes and letting you walk all the way home totally butt naked.'
Catherine was finding this hard to take as the three girls had pushed her down the embankment first and had begun undressing her before the three boys had got there. Catherine was no fool and was sure that her stripping and subsequent groping was planned by the girls and that they had deliberately involved the boys to maximise the discomfort to herself.



Furthermore Catherine was pretty convinced that Josie had been the brains and prime mover behind her stripping in front of six of her classmates. Also a part of her remembered how this strange girl had played with her nipples and her clit, including her own response which was the most violent orgasm in her young life to date. She blushed recalling how she had pushed down on the coke bottle one of the boys had inserted into her vagina. She was also acutely aware that she was running out of excuses very quickly as to why she could not attend the sleep over.
Josie was in her element seeing the confusion and look of helplessness spreading across Catherine's facial features. So she decided to double down,
' Do you remember Pet Baby that last Friday when you wanted our protection you stated that you would obey my commands. You are so ungrateful all three of us as your new friends have protected you all week. We have kept our word and stopped the boys from trying to strip you everyday. Why do you think we insist on you spending every breaktime with us' ?

