Now You See Me
bycunninglylinguister©

Now You See Me Pt. 04

Rachel heads to summer camp and makes a new friend or two.

Summer Camp. When I was a little kid I assumed everyone in the world had the same kind of summers that I did. Ones capitalized by a week away at a church kids/youth camp where we played games, made new friends and found new crushes, apologized to God for the crushes the last night and then went home exhausted and elated. By the time I hit the 10th grade I had emerged from my christian culture bubble and had the profound revelation that everyone in my life up to that point had tried to keep from me, that "there are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, Than are dreamt of in your philosophy/religion" but I had a hard time relating to the experiences of people outside of mine.

Anyway, the years passed and camps came and went and I never regretted a single week I spent away with my friends and church and when I graduated and became a "young adult" at 19 it wasn't even a question of whether I would return as a "counselor" to pass on the experiences of my youth to the next in line. So, I signed the dotted line and committed to take my spot as junior counselor of cabin 9 as soon as it was an option. A little over a month later I ran head first into my unexpected "sexual revolution" with Jimmy at my cousins wedding and all the insanity that followed.

Now, two weeks had passed since my brother and his friends had discovered Cody and I naked and spent on the bathroom floor in a puddle of my juices and nothing had happened. I don't know what I expected my brother to do, it wasn't like this was the kind of thing that happens in families all the time... at least not that I knew of. All that had happened that day was that after a moment of staring in shock at us and the comment I'd made he grabbed the door and pulled it shut as his friends strained to get a last glance of my slick wet thighs and pussy spread wide on the floor. I heard him tell them it was time to go home and not to ask any stupid questions on their way out. Cody rolled up off the floor and quickly gathered his clothes. He looked down at me laying there unashamed and still panting a little as I watched his fading erection bounce around while he scurried.

"I don't know what to say Rachel, that was... incredible. Your brother might kill me but if you ever want to do it again I'm game!"

"Thanks Cody, I'll let you know." Was my lame reply and then he was out of the door still pulling on his shorts and shirt and headed down the stairs without a word to my brother. I laid there for a few more minutes, collecting myself and trying to get the reasoning center of my brain to reengage. Eventually, I got up and cleaned the mess on the floor and took a legitimate shower to clean myself and retreated, towel clad this time, to my room. My brother didn't say a word to me about that afternoon, we were a very conservative and moderately Christian family and there just wasn't context to have that conversation. I had no sexual feelings for him, my kink didn't bend in that direction, and I did my best to put his shocked face out of my mind from that day and move on. And we did for the most part... except that his bedroom door was closed more often after that day and the sounds I heard on the other side of the door when I paused to listen sounded like he was having something of a revolution of his own. And I couldn't help but imagine the sight of my slick lips still dripping were playing something of a leading role in it.

And now it was the night before camp, the one I'd signed up to be a leader at and that I wasn't sure I should be leading anymore. And I wasn't sure I shouldn't be either, it was all very confusing. When I wasn't in a full on raging horny fit of lust I was still the good conservative church girl I'd always been. I was polite to everyone I met, respectful of all adults and my style fo clothing, soft southern accent and "do it for Jesus" attitude made all the adults in my life trust me and their kids look up to me. I still believed in almost all of the values I had just a few weeks ago, except now I was also driven to orgasm as often and as publicly as possible. I wrestled a lot with whether I should back out of the camp job but in the end decided that I was still a good role model and I still wanted those kids to have the kind of amazing experiences I had growing up and I wanted to be a part of giving it to them.

So, I packed my bags, attended the meetings and prepared myself for a week of team spirit, hot sun and adventures of a lifetime. Besides, I wasn't so far gone that I couldn't keep the sexual monster inside of me at bay for 5 days... right?

And now here we are three days into camp and all of my emotions have been tossed in a blender with my horniness and I'm lying in my bunk in the counselors cabin trying to keep myself under control. Janet, my co counselor of cabin 9, became best friends on sight at the first training meeting. She was 3 years older than me, red headed, freckled and tall and had more energy than anyone I've ever met. She came to the church camp world by a completely different route than me and her story fascinated me. I grew up in this thing from my earliest memories, she had only gone to a single camp as a senior in high school after a friend invited her and it had changed her life.

She had grown up thinking that christian people were a bunch of bigoted weirdo assholes and living the kind of life you see on after school specials, except she was the kid your parents warned you about. This fascinated me, as I said I had lived in a conservative bubble until 10th grade and had never met someone like Janet, so I pumped her for all of the racy stories I could get her to tell me. We stayed up late into the night after all the campers had been sent to their cabins holed up in the corner giggling and blushing as she regaled me with the tales of her misspent youth and I found myself feeling more comfortable and at ease with Janet than I had with anyone else in my life. And then last night happened.

It was somewhere around 3 am and we'd said our final sleepy goodnights to each other and rolled over to pass out and be up in 3 hours to run the rat race again. I'd dozed off into blissful sleep but jolted as something woke me. I didn't know what it was at first and laid still listening like you do when you're startled awake, not moving in case the monster under the bed flag you as a target. A few seconds passed and then I heard it. A soft moan coming from the bunk next to mine where Janet was sleeping. For a moment I thought she must be having a nightmare and was running from something in her dream and so I shifted around prepared to nudge her awake.

But as I began to stretch my had the few feet between us she moaned again and I froze. The last weeks of my life I had become very familiar with that particular type of moan and it wasn't dream laden fear, it was primal desire that began down deep and welled up out of you without permission. Janet was moaning in desire and pleasure and I couldn't tell if it was in her sleep or wide awake.

I quietly pulled my hand back and stared hard into the darkness to try to see what was happening with my friend. It was very dim but I could easily make out the outline of her body under her thin sheet. I couldn't, however, see well enough to tell if her eyes were closed or open. As I stared hard, blinking and then opening my eyes wide to let as much light in as possible I watched her hips rise off the mattress and push into the air. And there, positioned directly over her mound beneath her sheet was her hand pistoning up and down in regular rhythm. Accompanying this thrust was a deep inhalation of breath and then a low guttural growl of pleasure.

She had clearly been at this task for a while now and was good and warmed up and close to her peak. I imagine that she had been as quiet as possible for as long as possible but as her release neared she'd begun to lose control of herself and her moans had grown increasingly louder like a gentle alarm clock until they woke me up. I watched in fascination and then in growing desire as her hips thrust into the air again and again with increasing speed and passion, her hand moving fast and faster as her fingers pressed deep inside of her driving her to the finish line.

My eyes ran up and down her body wishing her sheet would fall away and reveal the full scope of what was happening under there to my straining eyes. Her other hand was moving back and forth between her small breasts under the thin sheet and I could tell she was pinching and rolling her nipples as she writhed under the ministrations of her own hand. For a moment, as her whole body lifted off the mattress in a particularly hard thrust her left breast pressed against the sheet and I could see the clear outline of her nipple there in the semi-dark and it was too much for me. As quietly as I could I slid my own hand down my stomach and between my legs and found that my panties were soaked through and the mattress under me was moist.

I snuck my hand under the waist band of my panties and reveled in the feel of my cool palm sliding over my warm bald mound to my quaking lips. I dipped my finger between my swollen lips and massaged my clit and felt my own hips rise off the mattress in an involuntary spasm. I held my finger still for a moment and felt the first trickle of the tide that was to come slip from me and run down the smooth curve of my butt.

Suddenly Janet moaned loudly and the hand that had been working her nipples came up to cover her mouth. Her body went rigid in a gorgeous arch, her pussy thrust to the sky with her fingers buried in it and I watched with deep desire as her whole body shuddered under the force of her orgasm. As she'd pulled her hand from under the sheet to cover her mouth it had slid down to reveal one breast to the dim light and part of my wish came true. My eyes locked unto her bare breast, her nipple a rock hard pebble set against a light pink areola that was perfectly sized in the middle of the small but perky rise of her gorgeous tit.

My finger resumed it's motion against my clit with renewed enthusiasm and within seconds my stomach spasming and I gushed warm cum over my thighs and unto the mattress. It took everything I had not to cry out and so I had nothing left to keep my body from spasming as my orgasm shook me to my core.

I opened my eyes again and looked for Janets perfect breast but she had pulled her sheet back up and my heart sank a little. I let my eyes drift down her body and remembered the beauty of her thin frame pressed so earnestly agains that sheet and my vagina twitched again in sympathy. As my eyes roamed back up her form and to her perfect face I froze. I couldn't be certain but I thought I could see her eyes open, looking back at me and a wave of fear washed over me that I had ruined a beautiful friendship with my raging lust. Then the corner of her mouth twitched into something between a smirk and a smile and she rolled over and with a deep sigh of contentment she went to sleep.

My post orgasm situation was a little more complicated to deal with and for the first time I had a small sense of annoyance at how aggressively I came ever since my awakening. I waited a few moments so as not to be obvious and then slipped from my bunk and padded to the communal bathroom with a dry pair of panties. Camp mattresses are plastic coated for the young kid bed wetters, or 19 year old bed wetters of a different sort as the case may be, so I quietly pulled my sheet off and put a towel down to sleep on. As I drifted off to sleep anxiety warred with desire as I replayed Janets face when she caught me looking at her over and over again.

And that brings us to tonight. The day has passed normally, there was not a hint of awkwardness between Janet and I as we ran through the days activities, if anything today was the most fun we've had yet and the kids adore us. But try as I might I also could not tell if there was something more, something physical between us and frustration lurked in my heart alongside the joy of a great day. We'd stayed up late as usual and Janet had told me a few more stories of wild parties and flings with guys in high school. I'd blushed in all the appropriate places but for me, at least, there was a new emotional response to her stories.

Being as bold as I dared without risking her disgust and disdain I asked Janet if there had ever been any wild nights with, you know, experiments. She'd acted like she didn't know what I was talking about but I could see the sparkle in her eyes. She'd made me dance around it for a little while in a tight whisper, our heads close together so the other 6 girls that shared our cabin wouldn't overhear our hedonistic talk.

Finally she blurted out, "you want to know if I'm a secret lesbian?"

"What?! NO! I... I just meant... I mean... not that that's a problem... I just... you know, I've never personally done that, or whatever..."

"Whoah there turbo, pump the brakes, I'm not offended, I was just trying to get you to come out and say it." She laughed out loud at this and everyone in the cabin looked toward us for a moment but assumed we were sharing inside jokes and went back to their own stories.

I blushed for real this time, it was different with Jane than it had been with Jimmy and Cody. With those guys the raging sex monster inside of me had come alive and taken over all of my actions without thought for consequences. With Janet I didn't want to lose her friendship and I was terrified that the monster was going to awaken and in a loss of control I was going to freak her out and cause her to run away from me forever. I shrunk into myself and giggled a little but it was obvious that I was hurt by her laughter.

"Oh God, Rachel, I am so sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you! Seriously, I didn't mean anything by it you were just so cute the way you were dancing around the question, so innocent I couldn't help myself. Please, I'm so sorry."

The word cute did something weird to me, I'd never been called cute by a friend before, only by guys and it nudged the beast. I felt hope rise that she found me as attractive as I found her but I felt my anxiety rise with it. Touching myself last night while watching her was the most I'd ever acted on any feeling about another girl and I didn't have a clue about how to proceed with these feelings of deep attraction to her.

"It's fine, I was being stupid, I'm just curious... I've never known someone who is... or was... or... God I don't know Janet I'm sorry, I'm being stupid."

She took my shoulders in both of her hands and turned me toward her, I was looking down at my folded hands and her folded legs in her short shorts that went all the way up her long pale freckled legs. The inseam of those shorts barely covering more than space than the panties underneath, the shorts were bright yellow, the color of our camp team, and the panties were black and visible through the thin material this close up. I blinked hard and tried to stop the flush from hitting my cheeks.

Her hands slid along my shoulders to my chin and then my cheeks and she raised my face to look at hers. I didn't know what was happening, was she going to pull me in for a kiss, to those gorgeous bright pink lips in front of this cabin full of people who would see us locked in passion? My heart raced and my skin tingled where her fingers had traced there way to my cheeks. I looked into her eyes, searching for what to do next, to be guided down this insane road. I was wearing matching yellow short shorts and I knew full well that with my legs crossed my blue panties were just as visible, except I also knew that my panties and short were growing increasingly moist making the yellow fabric even more translucent if she were to glance down now.

"You are not stupid Rachel, you're never stupid. It was an honest question and I was being an ass and I'm sorry. I'm not a lesbian..."

My heart crashed back into my chest and the monster turned over in my stomach. This amazing, beautiful woman wouldn't be a lesbian, she could have any guy she wanted, why would she want to waste time and energy with me. Dear God where was the boldness I'd found with Jimmy, where was the insane confidence I'd had with Cody, I was a kitten again where just a few weeks ago I'd been a lioness assured of her pride.

"But I am kind of bi... well I mean, I've experimented and it was fun, I just don't think I'd marry a woman you know."

She had to see it, there is no way she couldn't have. The light leaving my eyes and then rushing back. The hunger frustrated and then renewed, I couldn't do anything but nod a little too enthusiastically with a look of innocent desire on my face and after a moment of locking eyes, those brilliant green goddess eyes, it was her turn to glance down. I'm still not 100% certain but I'm almost sure she stared straight at the increasingly wet spot at my core and I wanted her to stare as long as she wanted to. The moment stretched and my heart rate went up another notch and I waited to see what would happen.

The spell broke when she looked up with a deep breath and glanced around the room. "Oh jeez, what time is it? Everyone is passed out!"

I looked at my watch and it was a little past 3, I thought again of what had taken place 24 hours ago and sighed.

"We should get some sleep don't you think? We're going to be dead tomorrow and it's the last full day of games."

The roller coaster took another dip and my heart deflated again but I agreed and rolled off her bed and slumped into my own. I had forgotten to wash my sheets so I was sleeping on my towel again but I couldn't be bothered to be annoyed by the inconvenience, all I could think about was that glorious pink nipple and a lithe body pressed against thin sheets. I drifted into a fitful sleep.

There was a hand on my shoulder, I startled awake trying to make sense of the real world mixed with whatever dream I'd been having. The hand slid down my chest and rested on my right breast and began to massage. It had to be a dream still, all of the pent up sexual frustration was coming through in a wet dream and I was OK with that, I slid my hand atop of the dream hand and encouraged the massage. I moaned in pleasure and stretched languidly feeling the pleasure spread from my breast through my whole body as I did so. Another hand was on my thigh and kneading its way upward and this was fantastic. The flame in my belly was stoked and the river below was primed. As I slid my legs together I could feel the moisture already seeping out of me.

"Tell me if this isn't OK and nothing changes between us, I promise."

This wasn't a dream, I froze. That whisper was real, it was close to my ear and long flaming red hair was tickling my neck as it's owner leaned in close.

"Janet?"

Of course it was Janet, it was a stupid question but It's the kind you ask when nothing makes sense.

"I want you Rachel, I want to taste you but It's OK if you don't want that too."

The only answer I could think of was to turn my head, wrap my fingers into those glorious flaming locks and draw her lips to mine. For a long time we held there, her kiss was warm and soft and tasted of summer heat and sunshine. The longer I held her lips to mine the more my other lips burned and twitched. The weight of her hand on my breast, my thigh was electric. I opened my mouth wide and she accepted the invite, her tongue flicking into mine and we drank deeply of each other, for a while that was a enough, just the closeness of the moment, mutual desire recognized and realized. And all at once it wasn't enough anymore.

I reached down to her hand on my breast and pressed her palm hard agains my nipple. I moaned into her mouth and she moaned in return, feeling that nipple swell against her hand. I pulled back for a moment and whispered, "pinch me like you pinched yourself last night."


I was rewarded with a wicked grin which looked out of place on that angelic face, "did you enjoy the show? It was just for you you know."

"I had to change my panties and my sheets after, does that answer your question?"

"Jesus, where did little miss innocent go?"

"I sent her to bed, I want to taste every part of you Janet, I want to be with you tonight!" 

"Should we go somewhere so we don't wake anyone up?"

"Let 'em watch if they want to."

It was Janet's turn to blush, I had finally surprised her and it thrilled me to my core. Before she could object and back out I pulled her close again and kissed her with all the furious passion I'd held at bay. She responded, letting loose of her hesitation.

Her hands went to the bottom of my pajama shirt and lifted, I stretched my arms to the sky and caught sight of her face again just as she took in her first view of my breasts. I was deeply gratified to see the look of appreciation and hunger on her face. My breasts were fully double the size of her small perky set and she went at them with true appreciation. Her mouth locked unto my, until now, neglected left nipple and I didn't even try to stifle the moan that escaped me. The monster was fully awake and in charge now and I was hoping to wake a few of our bunkmates for what was about to come.

Janet returned my moan with one of her own, the vibrations pressing into my breast and sending another shiver through my body. I watched her hand slide down her own body where she kneeled still beside my bunk and though I couldn't see it I knew it was burying itself in her sex. I was a little jealous of that hand but knew I'd take its place in a moment.

I let Janet work my breasts for a few minutes, she moved from left to right, biting my nipples and eliciting moans and squeals from me every time she moved. I could feel trickles escaping my pussy and running down my crack, wetting my towel and soaking my panties and shorts. I wanted to push Janets head down to lick up those escaping rivulets but I also didn't want to rush this, and I didn't want to be greedy either.

I pulled her mouth back to mine as I slid off of my bunk and pushed her back to hers. I reached down and pulled her shirt over her head and then leaned back to take in the full view of her amazing titties. They were so perfect, small and round with upturned nipples. Her left breast had a freckle just below her nipple and it made me smile just looking at it. I glanced up at her face and Janet smiled back at my obvious delight. I moved in and kissed that freckle first, it caused her to giggle and I heard someone stir in the room. Janet flinched a little at the sound but that same sound hit the afterburner for me. I pressed her back into her mattress and moved my body between her legs as I attacked her breasts. Sucking her long pink nipples into my mouth, causing them to stand proud like little soldiers. I flicked them with my tongue and then took as much of her breast into my mouth as I could fit and sucked while pressing into her nipple with my tongue. She leaned her head back off the other side of the mattress and groaned with pleasure and it was obvious she wasn't trying to be quiet anymore.

As I worked her breasts my own breasts pressed into the warm flat expanse of her stomach and as I dragged my hard nipples back and forth over her it sent electricity through me. I put my arms around her and pulled her tight against me as I suck her tits for all I was worth and reveled in the sounds she made as she writhed beneath me.

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. I could smell her sex mingling with mine, the sweet aroma of arousal strong as any perfume and I had to have my first taste of another woman, I wondered if it would taste the same as mine or would it be different?

I began to kiss my way down her torso, stopping at every freckle along the way playing an erotic game of connect the dots. Her hands found my head and she ran her fingers through my hair as I moved south, encouraging and enjoying every kiss. I paused when I can to the waist of her shorts, an insane idea in my head born of the monster but she was in the drivers seat and I was a helpless passenger. I whispered to Janet, "In all your adventures, has anyone ever licked you back to front?"

Her head came up from the other side of the mattress and for a moment there was a look of confusion and then realization, that was followed by a blush and then that wicked grin again. "No, that's never happened to me before." 

At the thought of giving her a new experience a rush swept through my own body and a full gush escaped my pussy and ran down my thighs, I moaned louder than ever and kissed her deeply just below her navel, nudging her panty line with my chin as I did so. She threw her head back and moaned with me and now there was a definite stir somewhere behind us in the room. Both of us were too far gone to care in the least... well she didn't care and I was fueled by it.

"Turn around and bend over Janet, show me your ass."

Without hesitation Janet flipped over and stood up, bending over unto the mattress and presenting her yellow clad ass in full glory. She was one of those skinny redheads blessed with a bubble butt, the genetics are rare but glorious and I'd been admiring it in her shorts all day. Here it was now, inches from my panting lips and this close I could see that she too had a wet spot at her core and her panties and shorts were growing translucent too. I could smell her pussy and I ached to taste it but I wanted to do this for her first.

We had both showered just before bed and I knew everything was clean. Another first for me and the monster was racing full speed down the track. I reached up and found the waist of her shorts and panties both, never moving my eyes from the prize in front of me. I slowly pulled them both down, her thong panties rolling back from the deep reaches of her crack and revealing to me the riches beneath. As the fabric past her butt hole my breath caught in my chest unexpectedly. Her ivory white skin was so porcelain perfect with her small puckered erogenous hole in the center inviting me to come close. I don't know what I had expected but I wanted more than anything to put my tongue on that warm spot and work my way around her.

Her panties crept further down, pulling from her crack and now her pussy was on full display, pulsing there in front of me as Janet panted in anticipation. I could see her working her nipples through her spread legs now and every time she pinched her nub her pussy twitched. And now my pussy twitched in time with hers and there was a puddle growing beneath me.

I pulled her shorts and panties to her ankles and she stepped out of them. Now that she was free from their restriction she spread her legs farther apart and her lips opened wider. I was delighted to see a drop of pussy dew there, suspended from the bright red hair surrounding the top of her mound. I leaned in close and kissed her at the top of the glorious globes of her full, round butt. She shivered and squeezed her breasts harder. I kissed my way down her crack, it grew deeper with every inch and I ran my finger through its depths as my lips progressed towards hers. When I reached the dark spot of her perfect hole I paused, my lips less than an inch from her and and I breathed deep and blew softly over her hole.

"Oh my god! This is happening!" She breathed out and I knew I was fulfilling a fantasy she had never voiced. I took a moment and rubbed my clit for a second and thrilled in the sensation that rocked my body.

I breathed one more time over her hole and then slid my hand up and placed my palm over her pussy and pulled her back to my waiting tongue. The simultaneous touch of my hand on her pussy and my tongue against her butt hole was too much, she gave a little cry and I felt her pussy spasm hard against my palm. As I pressed my tongue hard into her hole and licked up and down rocking her hips against my face as my nose pressed into her crack I heard rustling and then gasps behind me as the other girls woke up to find me tongue fucking Janet. I didn't know what they would do about it but right now I was loving the audience.

Janets yelp and moans got louder and more insistent as I tongued her butt and she took over pushing into me. I moaned heavily into her as she pressed back hard and paused. She groaned and began to buck her hips up and down, rubbing her hole over my tongue. I knew she was close and before she came I wanted to taste her pussy too, I had another idea.

I pulled back from her and her ass followed my face like it was on a leash. I turned and lay down on the floor and she obediently followed, straddling my face as she squatted over me. I lay back all the way and the further she squatted the more access I had. She began to buck uncontrollably and now her hole loosened up and I felt my tongue go from rubbing over her hole to penetrating her. She full on yelled out in pleasure and I let her fuck my tongue with her ass for a few moment and decided it was time to taste the rest of her. I pulled her hips back and all at once my extended tongue was deep in her pussy while my nose pressed against her ass.

Janet is not a squirter like me, at least not yet, but there was no denying the small rush of fluids that filled my mouth as I slid her back and forth over me. Moving from her ass to her pussy as she drove her hips hard into my face. She cried out again and again and one hand was squeezing her breast so hard I was worried she'd leave a bruise. I was in absolute heaven, knowing I was likely giving my friend the most intense orgasm of her life. I could feel my own thundering like a herd of wild buffalo through me, waiting to be released and I knew it was going to get very messy.

Janet began to buck a little softer and with less urgent need though she continued to moan and whimper and her body was shaking from head to toe. As I kept my tongue out and made sure I was licking her for as long as she was moving I suddenly became aware of other sounds around us. I couldn't see much beyond the perfect view of Janet's perfect ass rocking over my face but I could hear sounds that had no context but definitely were not coming from the two of us.

Without warning Janet bent over and dove face first into my aching dripping wet pussy and I gasped and pressed my hips up hard into her warm waiting mouth. Holy shit, she knew what she was doing and was so much better at this than Jimmy or Cody could ever be. She didn't just focus on my clit but as I spread my legs wide she moved all over my dripping pussy. She sucked my engorged lips into her mouth one at a time and held them there as I squirmed beneath her. She had wrapped my hips up in her arms when I'd thrust up into her and now she had me locked up and I couldn't move my lips away from hers if I wanted to. I moaned and cried out and I felt the torrent building in my stomach. I opened my eyes so I could watch her twitching pussy and beautiful ass while I came and that's when I noticed everyone else.

Over the mound of Janets ass I saw the other six girls that shared our counselor cabin standing in a semicircle watching us fuck each other into oblivion. These were good girls like me and I had a flash of fear as I imagined the camp director storming in here because one of them had run off to tell him. But... as best I could tell through the increasing fog of my impending explosive orgasm all six them were standing there... and several of them were naked too and had there hands at their own sex moving furiously.

This was way too much for my overloaded systems, I threw my head back and howled in pleasure, I pressed my hips so high in the air that I nearly thrust Janet off of me and I rolled up unto my shoulders and the balls of my feet forming a bridge with several feet of air between my ass and the floor. Janet doubled down and sucked my clit into her mouth and flicked it furiously with her tongue and the dam didn't let loose it crumbled within me. I came harder than I ever had in my life, harder than when Jimmy licked and fucked me in the church, harder than when Cody 69'd me and sucked my pussy dry, harder than I had ever achieved abusing my pussy with my own fingers or the vibrator I'd bought off amazon.

I came so hard that my muscles ached at the strain and my nipples actually stung they were so erect. The force of my cum hit the back of Janets throat and finally caused her to let go, spluttering, it shot from my swollen pussy and blasted the ring of girls surrounding us in aroused fascination. My hips bucked again and again, sending wave after wave spraying wildly up and down, left and right as I lost all control of my body and flailed around on the floor. I heard the gasps as my mind reeled and lights exploded behind my eyes. I heard Janet moan again and I felt a warm trickle from her pussy coat my neck and run back over my face and it only stoked the fires hotter.

As I began to regain consciousness I wanted nothing more than another taste of Janets glorious treasures and so I pulled her ass back to my face and dove back in for another round. Janet pressed into me and cried out as she was pressed to another orgasm almost instantly.

And then a great surprise, another pair of arms slid themselves under my soaking wet ass and pulled me up off the wet ground. Before I could fathom what was happening a new set of lips sealed themselves unto my pussy and began to lick my sensitive clit. I cried out but Janets ass was pressed hard against my face so it only came out as a muffled moan that Janet took as encouragement and she began rocking against my face again.

The orgasm was so intense and I was so sensitive that my pussy actually ached as this new comer sucked me for all I was worth but I was pinned by Janet's ass and held tight by the strong arms of my mystery lover. My eyes rolled back in my head and my legs began to shake uncontrollably. I didn't know if I could cum again after that last one, I didn't know if there was anything left in me and this hurt a little...

But then something began to shift and the pain turned back toward pleasure, the rocket was slower taking off but it was was headed toward orbit again and I realized there was something new about to happen in me yet again.

As the mystery girl sucked my clit and thrust her tongue inside of my pussy fucking my hole with her exceptionally long tongue like she was born to it I heard Janet exclaim, "damn, Julie you look so fucking hot sucking that pussy!"

And now I knew who it was that had a hold of me, Julie, the darkly tanned barely 19 year old brown haired girl who I had hardly spoke to all week. She was stunningly beautiful, incredibly athletic with calf muscles that looked chiseled from stone and an ass so toned she could have been a model. She was an accomplished swimmer and so had amazing shoulders and I had admired her body from day one. But she was also very shy, always looking down, hiding her wonderful eyes and small, petite nose that I found so cute. She was face down in my pussy sucking like she was going for gold at the olympics. Now that I knew I wanted all of her mouth I could get and I began to reciprocate her eagerness by thrusting my hips into her mouth on each pass she made down my pussy and back up.

Then another surprise, Janet was kissing someone over my writhing body, curly blonde hair tumbled over Janets should as she went tonsil deep into the mouth of Rebecca, a 24 year bomb shell with tiny breasts but another fantastic ass. As they kissed Rebecca lowered herself over my stomach and now her bald moist pussy lips were making contact with my stomach as I squirmed and squealed and Janets hands roamed all over her body. Rebecca's own hands coming around to pull Janets ass cheeks apart above me as my tongue probed and explored.

"Can I have a turn?" I heard Rebecca as Janet, JANET! She was asking Janet if she could fuck my face... but who was I kidding, I'd suck every pussy in this room right now, the monster was in control.

Janet stood up and moved toward the circle of the remaining spectators and I got a full view of Rebecca straddling my body, Julie's tongue still working its magic behind her. Rebecca took one of my tits in each hand and began massaging, bringing my nipples back to full erection and I couldn't believe that I was going to come again and that all these gorgeous women were now having an orgy with Janet and I. Rebecca scooted herself forward just a little, her pussy lips leaving a trail on my stomach as she did. She bent down and kissed me long and deep. Sucking on my tongue as she pulled away as if wanting to catch a hint of the taste of Janet from me. She smiled as she leaned back and I realized I was about to get to experience this with a different view. As wonderful as Janets ass had been I now got to watch Rebeccas's face as I made her cum.

I slid my hands down the side of my body, between Rebeccas legs and hooked her hips into the crook of my elbows and pulled her over my breasts to my waiting mouth. She bit her lower lip as she lowered herself unto my waiting lips and threw her curls over her shoulder as we made contact and I was surprised by a trickle escaping her and running down the back of my throat. Could it be? Another squirter like me? I had to have the experience of a woman gushing into my mouth and with renewed gusto I pulled her into me and began to explore her the way Janet had explored me. Paying attention to her entire pussy and even trailing past he bottom of her slit and tickling Rebeccas dark star with the tip of my tongue.

She responded eagerly and quickly, her hips catching my rhythm and we began a slow dance of mouth and pussy, she rode me differently than Janet had, Janet had been so desperate and full of immediate need, Rebecca seemed like she wanted to drag this out as long as possible and I wanted to give that to her but Julie was doing her work all to well down at my own core. Even as Rebecca gently rocked against my eager tongue and moaned sweetly while rubbing her perfect breasts, Julie was getting more urgent and insistent as if she couldn't waited to get blasted by the fire hose of my own arousal, and I wanted to give that to her as well.

My wave was building, Rebeccas was building more slowly and I could taste and feel the trickle from her as we moved together. I didn't know how much longer I was going to be able to hold back the tide when suddenly Julie pulled away from me and squealed loudly. I moaned in disappointment but refused to break contact with the warm delicious pussy in front of me, I could tell Rebecca was minutes away and I couldn't tear my eyes away from the view of her goddess body riding my face, her nipples so hard, her face distorted by need and pleasure, god I wanted her to come for me, on me.

A moment later I understood why Julie had pulled away as she cried out, "FUCK Janet I didn't expect that, I... I just wanted to taste... nnnhhhh... god... holy shit... don't stop"

Apparently Janet had slid herself up between Julies legs as she was bent over sucking my soul out of my pussy and showed her how it was done. Julie told me later that she had no intention of being licked, she just wanted to see what it tasted like, her mind was changed.

It was the strangest thing after that. Julie returned to my pussy but not before putting a pillow under my hips and pressing my legs even further apart until I was full spread eagle, nearly doing the splits. I guess Janet was coaching her from between her legs on how to handle business between mine. When Julie went back to work on me I could feel the difference in the way she moved her tongue and worked her mouth. It was similar to the way Janet had done it and I realized with growing fascination and then renewed arousal that Julie was feeling what Janet was doing to her pussy and repeating it on mine. Jesus Christ! I had one woman sitting on my face while I fucked her with my tongue to a squiring orgasm, another one between my legs taking me to the same place while the woman I had already made cum and who had made me cum harder than I ever had before was between that girls legs fucking her and teaching her at the same time.


Rebecca could feel the shift in my urgency as this all dawned on me and I pressed hard into her soft folds and sucked her clit with need. She opened her eyes and looked into mine and smiled, then glanced behind her and and gasped then turned back to me and smiled again.

"Finish me Rachel, I'm going to cum in your mouth the way you came in Janet's mouth, I want you to taste me while you blast Julie!"

That was all any of us needed to hear. My own hips went into over drive and I felt Julie moan hard into my clit, the vibrations adding to her tongues ministrations, Rebecca sped up her rocking on my face and began to whimper and shake as her tide broke. Far away on the other end of Julie I heard Janet cry out, "That's it Julie, come for me sweetie, don't hold back, give it all to me."

Julie broke first, I could feel her spasms through her mouth as she tried to stay attached to my pussy while hers exploded, Rebecca went second she reached down and grabbed my head and pulled it hard into her pussy and screamed, her legs tight around my head and she held it for a second before a rush of cum pulsed out of her and down my throat. It was salty and sweet and different than mine but it was glorious. As she rocked on my face, wave after wave pouring out of her and flowing out of my mouth and down my cheeks soaking her thighs and the carpet under me I wend third.

Julie got her tongue over my clit for one final flick and I burst all over her, soaking her hair and shooting over her head sprinkling down on Janet and the other girls back there. Once again wave after wave came out of me and shot all over the room while crashing waves came out of Rebecca and tried to drown me. As I cried out and and came I heard the sounds of not just the three of us but a full room of young women orgasming in near perfect synch. It turns out all eight girls got in on the craziness of that night. Some jumping in like Rebecca and Julie with Janet and I, two others pairing up with each other and making each other cum several times and the last two content to sit off to the side and finger themselves to completion.

Regardless, it was a night none of us would ever forget though we seldom talked to each other about it in a group. I went back to that camp for 4 more years and had several more encounters with Janet and Rebecca. Julie and I shared the memory and remained friends but her one experiment was all she wanted, it was amazing for her but she was a girl born for a dick as she said.

And me? Well, there's more to tell, so much more, and I guess I'll keep writing it all down until y'all catch up to present day.

