Back to School - Preparing for Gymnastic Team Tryouts
by Sara Sanders

 A 7th grade girl named Cassie decided to join the school's gymnastics team. The tryouts were going to be held on the second week of school and she wanted to be in the best shape possible. After school Cassie went to her gym locker and changed into her leotard before going to the gymnastics gym. The gym was completely empty on that Friday evening. She did some stretches and practicing her flips before she decided to try out some of the new gym equipment donated to the school.

 Cassie decided to start with a splits machine. She sat down in the seat and pulled the straps tight around her waist and legs. Then Cassie pressed the start button. The splits machine started to warm up and slowly pulled her legs open. About half way through she really didn't feel the stretch since she was a fairly flexible girl.

 As the machine continued to stretch Cassie's legs apart she noticed an unusual device in the middle of the machine. It was metal cylinder shape with a rounded point and it was slowly moving towards her crotch. Cassie watched as the cylinder got closer to her crotch. She wondered what it was for. Cassie's legs were almost completely stretched open when the cylinder began to press against her crotch. This made her very uncomfortable so she pushed the stop button but nothing happened. It continued press harder into Cassie's crotch and she started to panic. She tried to loosen the straps holding her legs and waist in place but they wouldn't budge. The round point of the cylinder was now pressing into Cassie's twat. The only thing holding it back from going any deeper was her leotard. Cassie was completely vulnerable and she knew it. She screamed for someone to help her but everyone was gone for the day. Cassie's legs were completely stretched open but the machine continued to slowly move her legs further open. The cylinder continued to press into Cassie's twat pushing her leotard deeper inside of her. She tried to pull the cylinder out but it was securely fastened to the machine. Cassie then began to pound on the control panel but it didn't affect the machine. Her legs were now spread as far as they could possibly go and the cylinder was almost all the way inside of her twat along with the crotch of her leotard. Cassie screamed again for anyone to help her. Then to her shock the machine answered her screams by beginning to vibrate; not the reply that she had hoped for. The cylinder in Cassie's crotch was vibrating the most. The spreading of her legs had stopped and locked in place. The vibrating started to intensify with every second and was starting to become too much for her to handle. Cassie felt the orgasm building up inside of her. She knew it was only a matter of time now. Then something unexpected happened, her leotard ripped and the cylinder slammed deeper into her body that she ever knew was possible. Cassie was too shocked to scream. The cylinder felt like it had slammed right through her. Then her orgasm hit her and pulsed through her body. Cassie felt betrayed by her own body but it also felt so good. Then she became really embarrassed when remembered that she was still at school. This was the first time she had ever had an orgasm in a public place. Then her sore twat reminded her of the metal cylinder that had invaded her body. The cylinder was now vibrating deep inside of her. Cassie first tried to pull it out but it didn't move at all. So she tried to pull at the straps but they seemed to be locked into place. Cassie thought to herself that it was going to be a long night. Then she remembered that today was Friday; it was going to be a long weekend.

 Cassie began to struggle frantically and pound on the control panel. Then to her surprise the cylinder began to pull out. Cassie was extremely happy until it slammed back into her. She screamed because she didn't expect it at all. It then began to pull out again only to slam back into her another time. Cassie had activated it by pounding on the control panel. A second orgasm was now building up inside of her. Cassie didn't understand why she was being turned on by this. Then as the cylinder was pumping in and out of her twat, she felt something pressing against her butt. If felt just like the metal cylinder that was now smashing into her twat and it was also vibrating. It began to slowly push Cassie's leotard up her butt cheeks. She couldn't even imagine the pain and discomfort it could cause and Cassie really didn't want to think about it. She renewed her struggle to get free but was suddenly stopped when another orgasm hit her body. This one was even more powerful than the first one. It took her several minutes to recover and when she did, she realized that the second cylinder was trying to squeeze into her butt. Cassie knew that it was only a matter of time before her leotard would rip again and it was going to really hurt. She didn't know how much more of this she could take. Cassie began to panic again and thrash around. She started to pound on the stop button but it seemed to do nothing. Then Cassie hit the control panel out of frustration and to her surprise a hidden control panel accidently opened up. She immediately switched off the anal vibrator and it began to retract but it left her with a major wedgie. Next Cassie was able to stop the thrusting of the vibrator in her twat but before she was able to retract it another orgasm stopped her. She sat there for a few minutes to enjoy this one since her life was no longer in danger. Cassie then shut down the rest of the machine and was free. She decided that she was done with her stretches for today.

 Cassie felt extremely excited and had to tell her best friend about what she had just experienced. She called Sara and told her to meet her at the school gymnastics gym. About a half hour later Sara finally showed up. Cassie showed Sara the donated splits machine and told her that she had to try it out. Sara was a little reluctant but she finally decided to try it out. Cassie explained to Sara that she had to undress to use it. This made Sara even more reluctant but she started to undress after several minutes of Cassie begging her too. Once Sara was completely naked she sat down in the seat and Cassie helped her get strapped in. Then Cassie noticed arm straps and helped Sara put them on. Cassie didn't tell Sara that she didn't use the arm straps. Then Cassie used the hidden panel to turn on the machine and start the splits. Next she switched on the front cylinder and made it vibrate. Sara was still a little hesitant about all of this but Cassie promised her it was safe so she didn't say anything. Then they heard someone outside in the hallway. Cassie went to check it out and turned off the lights just in case. She slipped out the gym doors and now Sara was naked and strapped down in the dark. Sara's legs were almost stretched as far as they could go when she felt the vibrating metal cylinder pressing against her twat. The stretching was a little painful but soon she didn't care as the cylinder slipped into her twat and started to build up an orgasm. Then Sara heard Cassie scream. She could hear a struggle outside the gym door then she saw Cassie open the door and try to hide in the dark gym. Then two guys came in after her and grabbed her before Cassie could find a place to hide. Sara tried to remain silent as the orgasm was about to explode inside of her. The guys were binding Cassie's arms when they heard a load moan. Sara's orgasm hit her hard and she just couldn't control herself. A look of terror came over Sara's face and she knew that she was screwed now. The guy realized that someone else was in the gym also so they turned on the lights and to their delight they found Sara. One of the guys continued to bind Cassie while the other inspected Sara's situation. He found the open hidden panel and set the vibration to max. Sara felt like her entire body was shaking. The metal cylinder was now all the way inside of her and she was getting close to another orgasm. Sara yelled at him to get away but there was no way she could stop him. The other guy took Cassie out of the gym and down the hallway. Sara was really scared since she didn't know what the guys were paining to do to them. Then the guy flipped another switch and Sara felt something press against her butt. She knew that it was not going to be fun. It squeezed between her butt cheeks and was now pressing against her hole. Then Sara experienced another uncontrollable orgasm. Sara felt completely humiliated as the vibrating cylinder slipped into her butt. Sara was quite a site, she was completely naked with her legs were stretched passed her waist, her arms strapped to her side, and a vibrator in her twat and butt. She was completely vulnerable and she felt every bit of it. The guy started groping Sara's exposed breasts and told her that he was going to leave her here for the entire weekend. Sara tried to yell at his as he left but another orgasm hit her. He turned out the lights and Sara was once again alone in the dark. She knew that if she stayed like this for the entire weekend she would die of dehydration. She was really scared now and wondered what they did to Cassie

 Several hours later and too many orgasms to count, Sara heard a strange sound or a lack of sound. The splits machine was unexpectedly shutting down. The cylinders retracted and Sara's legs were closed back together. Then the straps released Sara from the machine. Unknown to Sara, Cassie had set a 6 hour time limit on the splits machine. Sara got dressed and began searching for Cassie. She finally found her tied to a bench in the guys' locker room with her leotard pulled down exposing her breasts. When Sara untied Cassie she noticed cum coming out of the hole in her leotard. Cassie got dressed and they both walked back home. It had been a long day.