Naughty Samantha
byDurtyWriter©

This is dedicated to my girlfriend Samantha. I am writing as she would. She would be so excited to know you are jerking and cumming to her naughty thoughts. 

I am 24 years old. I am 5'2" 125lbs with a 27" waist and 30D tits. I my tummy is flat and toned. My bubble but wiggles naturally when I walk. Well to be honest I have practised it to perfection. Beautiful deep black eyes, full lips and long eye lashes. I have olive color skin so it looks like a permanent tan with no lines.

I found out my pleasure from being naughty by accident and started innocently. I was actually quite shy when I was 18 and still in school. Oh sure the boys would comment on my tits and cop a feel when they could but I never thought much of it. I mean we were young and hormones were active. Hard cocks visible in pants was normal. I couldn't take credit for them all. Never really thought much about it.

I had put a notice up on a couple of bulletin boards in town. "Willing to babysit. Reliable and conscientious." My contact info and age. I liked to shop and I wanted my own money so I could keep up with the latest styles. Very important at this age.

I got a call from a Mrs. Rodgers. Her regular sitter had taken ill and she was desperate. Her husband had a retirement party that he could not miss as he was being promoted to the persons position and would be disaster if he wasn't there. She had to go too as the position requires a family man.

She liked that I was 18 and seemed mature. She gave me her address and asked if I could be there by 6. I was so excited about getting the job so quick I accepted without talking about what I would get paid.

Mom dropped me off at 5:55. I rang the door bell wearing a loose yellow halter top tied under my tits, a short white pleated skirt, ankle socks and sneakers. I bad braided my hair in a pony tail and it hung over my shoulder resting in my cleavage. Looking back. I couldn't have staged a better request to have my tits starred at if I tried.

Mr. Rodgers opened the door. He was about 30sh I'm guessing and tall. Wearing a tight fitting suit and looking very fit.

"Come in Samantha. Your a real life savor." Starring at my pony tail

and the rise of my tits.

I stepped in, knelt down to untie my sneakers. He bent down to tell me not to worry about them. His eyes focused on my almost exposed tits. His cologne stirred a sensation in my groin never felt before and when I saw the rise in his crotch. My cunt began to itch.

I was getting aroused with just an innocent flash and a grown man was obviously liking what he saw. He had yet to look me in the eye. Mrs. Rodgers came down the stairs wearing a red evening gown. Low cut showing the top of her perfectly rounded tits. Spaghetti straps, diamond cut out showing her belly button, with a slit up the side exposing her leg to the hip as she took each step. Red heels and no back as the skirt hugged her firm ass giving a hint of exposing the top of her crack.She looked as if she was ready for the red carpet.

"Little Johnny would sleep most of the time. If he fusses just change him and give him a bottle. At 6 months he sleeps, poops and eats. Should be no problem. Make yourself comfortable and help yourself to anything in the fridge." She told me, while he was standing behind me looking down my top trying to see my tits again.

Showed me where his diapers and formula were kept. Made sure the monitor was on so I could hear if he woke. I took a cucumber and a glass of water from the fridge. I like to snack and I'm very worried about my weight so vegetables make a nice snack.

Settling down on the couch. My mind reeling and trying to understand what just happened. Was his cock hard because he liked my tits or was he getting ready to fuck his hot wife when I got there? That hot feeling in my cunt. What was that about?

It was there again as I began reminiscing about him looking wide eyed at me. I took the cucumber ran it up my thigh over my skimpy little pantie. Feeling it getting wetter as I push it harder. Breathing heavier. Pulling it to the side pushing in. Arching as hot little cunt contracts from the coolness and the feeling of it penetrating me.

My cunt wet and dripping down the cucumber. My clit red and swollen. I pulled it out and licked it. What was I doing? Confused but loving the feeling of being able to arouse a grown man with a wife that was as desirable as his.

I did enjoy the taste of my cunt and it still was crying for more attention. I rubbed my slit as I took the cucumber deeper in my mouth. Pushing it to my throat swirling my tongue around it. I had never sucked a cock before but that is what I thought it would be like. I penetrated my wet cunt and fucked my self as I sucked on the cucumber.

My cunt convulsed tightened around my fingers and leaked my juice on my hand thigh and left a wet spot on my skirt. Panting and heaving I took the cucumber wrapped my hand around it and covered it with my cum.

Licking up and taking a bite. It tasted better than salt and proceeded to eat it dipping it in my wet cunt before each bite. They got home about 11 paid me $100.00 and sent me home in a cab.

The $100.00 was great but what I had discovered about my self and how turned on I get when being watched was something I continue to perfect to this day.

I haven't had a lot of steady boy friends in my life and my sexual experience is limited. Most guys get all fucking bent out of shape when they find out my naughty secret fetish of exposing and pleasuring myself in public. I can't help it. I am a horny exhibitionist. So I fuck randomly as the opportunity presents itself. I really don't care what they look like. If they respond to seeing me. I take it up a notch to see where it will go.

I just started working with a financial firm as a financial adviser. My desk has a glass top so if I position papers correctly I can show my panties or bare cunt depending on my mood. I can also see the reaction I'm getting. I usually wear short skirts with white thongs so they show against my bronze skin. My blouses are sheer so my bra is visible and my tits show better.

I only wear blouses that have small buttons that seem to come undone a lot. Most embarrassing especially when I don't notice. All part of my exhibitionism. Most days I'm sitting in a pool of my cum by coffee break. I love my job and get lots of referrals. My coworkers love to see me walk around oblivious to the wet spot on the back of my skirt. Haven't fucked any yet but the Christmas party could be interesting. I don't mean to be naughty but I hate girls that cock tease and don't follow through. I can't help the body I was given and I get so horny when men look at me in a lustful way. OK so I encourage it especially when it's men that shouldn't or if I might get caught.

Lately I've been thinking about how mean it is for me to get myself off and leave those poor men with raging hard cocks to go relieve themselves and to be honest I wouldn't mind the feel of a hard cock exploding in my mouth or in my hot little cunt. The last time was disappointing to say the least. The guy had the smallest cock ever. Even with my small cunt it barley penetrated past my lips and he shot almost immediately. I was able to taste it though.

Getting dressed for work determined to get cum. I decided to get a little bolder and not wear panties. I chose my pink half bra. It leaves the top of my tits exposed and barley covers my hard nipples. My tits usually fall out at least once when I wear it. My pink satin blouse which I only button up to my tits with pink micro mini and 4 inch heels. Pink lip gloss ringlets in my hair and a dash Elizabeth Arden perfume for effect.

Being Friday. I had only one appointment later in the day so I would spend the day prospecting for new clients. Clients come from anywhere and everywhere. This one was a referral from one of my biggest investors. His fathers business partner so he would be older and mature. My favorite kind of men.

The day seemed to drag on even though I had set up six appointments for next week. One of which wanted me to meet over dinner and if he liked what I had to offer he would proceed. Cautiously I agreed. If nothing else I could get fucked which is where my naughty mind was focused today.

My cunt was soaking wet in anticipation when Ben showed up at 4:00. To my surprise he had brought another colleague with him. They were both 50sh tall and physically fit. Not sure how to proceed. I mean there was confidentiality to consider but did I want to be shared with two cocks and could I stop them if things went wrong.

I mean the thought of two cocks giving me there cum got my juices flowing but I have never done anal and vowed to save that for my special man if and when he comes along.

I stood up leaned over to shake their hands as we introduced ourselves. Both sets of eyes focused on my half exposed tits and rock hard nipples. I apologized to Ben and Jack for not being more prepared as it was such a hectic day. Went to the filing cabinet to get a couple of information packets. Making sure to bend over enough for them to see the bottom of my hot ass cheeks. I'm sure they noticed the dark spot on my skirt from my horny cunt leaking all day.

I took the opportunity to undo the button that held my blouse from exposing my tits fully. Pretended not to notice as my nipples poked through the flimsy lace bra. I was pulling out all the stops and getting hornier by the second.

Made sure they could see my wet cunt through the glass table as I opened my legs to give full view. I explained the investment options and casually ran my finger up my thigh to my hot honey pot.

I noticed Jack's mustache for the first time and wondered what it would feel like on my clit. I've actually only had my fuck hole licked and sucked once before and it was a girl in school on a sleep over.

It started innocently enough. I had never been kissed before and she had lots more experience than me. She even was fucking her step dad. Any way she kissed me slow at first moving her tongue in and around my mouth. I was getting excited and responded by mimicking her. I felt her hand slide up my thigh as she kissed my sensitive nipples sending shocks of excitement through me.

I felt it was wrong but couldn't bring myself to stop her as she rubbed my slit getting it wet and kept lowering down to lick around my pantie line. My body was tingling with sensations new to me. When her tongue touched my clit for the first time my lower body shot up into her tongue and mouth. I experienced my first full orgasm when she drove her finger in me and sucked hard on my clit while flicking it violently with her tongue.

I lay heaving and sweating in the after math of cumming and soaking her face and sheets. Amber kissed me again full on the lips. She got up smiling and motioned for me to follow her. I did on wobbly legs to her step fathers study and whispered in my ear.

"Lets go fuck his brains out."

My eyes widened and I shook my head no. Terrified and but still excited. I watched her go in and begin to suck his cock. It was too much for me so I went back to our room and fell asleep. I might consider doing a girl girl guy threesome now with the right people.

Ben brought me back to reality.

"Samantha, Samantha. Are you alright?"

In my daydreaming. I had been fucking myself vigorously and moaning in orgasm. I quickly gained my composure as they offered to invest 15k each in a relatively safe investment. I quickly put the paper work together. Still wanting to feel a hard cock penetrate my soaking cunt. I had them sign the forms and write their cheque.

As they got up to leave. I stood up walked around the desk and kind of timidly asked.

"Um. I was wondering if you handsome men would do me a huge favor? God this is so embarrassing. Well um you probably noticed I like to tease and show myself. You probably think I'm a real experienced slut. Truth is I haven't actually sucked a cock and I really want to try. Help out a desperate girl?"

They undid their pants with smiles from ear to ear. I slid down on my knees eyes wide at the size of their circumcised hot cocks. Ben's was a little thicker and longer than Jack's but Jack's had veins protruding down the shaft. Ben gently pushed my head to his cock, while Jack reached down and set my tits free of my confining bra.

I was dizzy with anticipation as I carefully licked the slit of his mushroom cap head. He moaned as it twitched to my touch. The smell of sweat and precum filled my nostrils making me overcome my shyness and just took him in my mouth slobbering as I did. Jack was busy tweaking and pinching my hard nipples driving me crazy as my mouth filled with fat pulsating cock.

I tried to swirl my tongue around and under the head the way I had practised on vegetables. Saliva running down the shaft and drenching my hand as I slid it up and down in unison with my mouth.

Ted took his cock out of my mouth. Lifted me up and sat me on the pulsing head of his cock. I wanted to protest but Jack quickly filled my mouth with his throbbing cock. His balls slapping against my chin as I bounced on Ted's cock. I felt as if somebody had electrocuted me. Waves of sensation shot through my whole being.

Jack Pushed hard against my throat then pulled out to the head when his cock exploded sending his creamy warm cum to my tonsils. I quickly put a lip lock on the underside of his spewing head and swallowed as fast as I could. My heart pounding and body shaking. Ted's cock excreted his warm load of baby gravy into my sloshing wet cunt.

My fucking God! How much excitement can a petite naughty slut take? Jack left the last of his cum in a pool on my tongue while he cleaned his cock with my sweaty blouse. Ted pulled out of me and did the same on my skirt. They got dressed and left me to gather myself and go home.

Feeling guilty. Looking at the cum stains on my blouse and skirt feeling it run down my leg mixed with my own juices. I started thinking of my on line boyfriend and how I had cheated on him.

I struggled. Should I tell him. He is open minded and totally understands my fetish for exhibitionism, but did I let it go too far.

I know it can't happen again until I get this sorted out with him.

I'm not taking any chances. I'll let you know how my future looks in chapter two. Total Cum Slut or Public Flasher?
