Gullible Danielle
byNudiebooty24©

Gullible Danielle Pt. 08

"This is so relaxing," Danielle sighed.

"It sure is," replied Katie.

"You know, we should have joined this gym sooner," Danielle added.

"Yeah, this sauna alone is worth it," Katie said.

Danielle and Katie had just become the newest members of a local 24-hour fitness club, and we're enjoying the state of the art facilities, starting with the sauna.

"It's so empty. Where is everybody?" Danielle asked.

"Well it is 10PM on a saturday night, I bet people have better things to do," Katie responded.

"What could be better than this?" Danielle laughed.

The girls sat alone in the large sauna when a thought popped into Katie's head.

"You know Danielle..." Katie pondered, "This is a female only sauna... So even if someone were to walk in here, which would be very unlikely, it would just be another woman."

"Huh... That's interesting I guess," Danielle said, but didn't pay it much mind.

Katie thought for a moment and assessed the situation. Katie then stood up and slowly removed her towel and folded it carefully, which caught Danielle's attention. Katie then carefully placed it on the wooden bench behind her, causing her toned ass to poke out a bit. Then Katie sat right back down on her towel with nothing to cover herself.

"Isn't that a little risky," Danielle asked innocently.

"You said it yourself Danielle, there's no one here."

Katie leaned her head against the wall and closed her eyes, which didn't stop Danielle from eyeing her up and down, from across the sauna.

Katie's tight young body was now on full display. Her slender shoulders lead down to her perky B-cup boobs, and tight toned tummy. Katie's mound was completely exposed except for her light blonde landing strip. All of Katie's body, including her long legs, was glistening with sweat.

Danielle thought for a moment and followed Katie's lead. Danielle removed her towel as well and laid it out on the wooden bench across from Katie, but instead of sitting back down, she lied down on her stomach.

After about 15 minutes in the sauna Katie opened her eyes and saw a beautiful sight. Danielle had dozed off with her glistening big ass out in the open. Katie was happy that Danielle followed her example.

"Ow!" Danielle exclaimed as Katie gave her a light smack on the ass.

"Come on, let's get a work out in," Katie said causally to Danielle.

Danielle got up and followed Katie out the sauna door to the main gym area. The air was much more cool outside the sauna which sent chills up both of the girls spines. The gym was completely empty except for the desk attendant who was far from view and focused on his phone.

Katie walked towards the weightlifting area carefully, making sure there was no one else around to see her nakedness, while Danielle followed blissfully unaware of her nude sweaty body being completely out in the open.

After the naked girls reached the squat rack Katie took a moment to look around one more time to make sure they were in the clear.

"Okay, time for some squats," Katie stated as confidantly as she could muster.

"You first!" Katie continued.

Danielle was no stranger to squats, so she obliged. Danielle started with a light weight and got into position. Danielle put the bar on her back and slowly brought the weight down. Danielle's naked glistening butt cheeks slightly parted as she reached the bottom of her squat. All of her leg muscles looked beautiful in the bright gym lighting as they strained to lift the weight.

Danielle did a few more reps before she was done, giving Katie quite a show.

"You're turn!" Danielle said while breathing heavily.

Katie took her position and started to squat. Katie's glistening booty poked out as she brought the weight down, and her tight tan cheeks squeezed together as brought it back up.

The girls did a few more sets of squats before they decided to finish their workout and head home.

Katie headed to the locker room and Danielle followed with out giving it much thought. Katie grabbed her car keys and wallet and started to walk towards the back door exit to the parking lot.

Katie was taking this exit because she didn't want to stop being naked, but also didn't want the front desk attendant to see her naked state.

"Wait Katie! I have to pee!" Katie exclaimed before they could reach the door.

"Okay Danielle, just meet me in the car," Katie said somewhat annoyed.

Katie was able to reach her car without being seen, as it was the only car in a dark and empty parking lot. However, just as Katie reached her car she noticed another car full of young men park and make their way towards the gym.

"Thank God those guys didn't see me," Katie thought to herself, "I would've died of embarrassment."

Danielle wasn't as lucky as Katie. After she was done peeing, Danielle made her way to the car via the front exit.

Danielle reached the front exit, and immediately caught the front desk attendant's eye. Danielle walked confidantly towards the door just as a group of 4 men entered the gym.

Danielle's naked body was still glistening with sweat and her large globes bounced slightly with each step.

One of the four men held the door open for Danielle.

"Thank you mister," Danielle said happily.

"No problem miss," the man said as he and everyone else shamelessly stared at Danielle's bubble butt swaying back and forth as she left.

Danielle finally reached Katie's car.

"I'm hungry," Danielle said as she sat down in the passenger seat.

"Pizza sound good?" Katie asked.

"Yeah that sounds really good." Danielle responded.

There was a late night pizza place close to Katie's house that was still open.

The girls finally reached the restaurant.

"Here, use my card," Katie said.

The restaurant wasn't very busy, but there was an older couple eating at one table and the delivery boy was sitting on his phone at a table near the door.

Danielle walked in and stepped to the counter.

"Hi, I'd like to order one large pizza to go," Danielle said politely.

The clerk at the counter was an older woman named Frankie, who was impressed with Danielle's boldness.

"Flaunt it if you got it," Frankie laughed to herself.

"That'll be $17.50." Frankie said.

After Danielle paid she sat down at a nearby table to wait.

The older couple didn't seem to notice the naked girl hanging out in the restaurant but the delivery boy sure did.

The delivery boy took plenty of pictures of the sexy girl in her birthday suit, discreetly of course. But, after a few minutes the delivery boy had to make his move.

"Hey, what's your name?" The boy asked.

"Oh, Hi! I'm Danielle." Danielle said as she perked up and mindlessly twirled her hair.

"Hi Danielle, I'm Jay," He said smoothly.

"Do you want a free soda?" Jay asked.

"Yeah sure," Danielle replied.

"Just grab one, it's on me."

Jay pointed toward a shelf towards the back of the restaurant.

Danielle strolled over to the shelf which caught the attention of the older man, who was eating with his wife.

Danielle strained to reach the soda and even tried jumping, which caused her lovely booty to jiggle. Danielle looked very cute struggling to get her soda from the shelf, and at this point both Jay and the older man were staring at young naked girl making a spectacle of herself.

"Here, let me help you with that," Jay said matter of factly as he grabbed Danielle by the legs and lifted her up so she could reach.

"Oh thanks!" Danielle blushed.

"Pizzas ready," Frankie called from behind the counter.

Danielle was heading towards the counter to grab her food when the older woman noticed Danielle. Then the woman noticed her husband's gaze transfixed on Danielle.

"What's that naked little slut doing?" The woman barked.

It took Danielle a moment (as it usually does). But, Danielle finally caught a glimpse of herself in a reflection of the store front window.

Danielle had once again found herself completely naked in front of a group of strangers in public. Danielle let out a squeal of embarrassment and ran for the car.

"Drive drive drive!" Danielle shouted as she hopped in the car.

"Where's the pizza?" Katie responded sternly.

"I can't go back in there," Danielle said desperately, "I'm butt naked!"

"So am I!" Katie argued, "But I want my pizza!"

Danielle finally looked at Katie and saw she was just as exposed. Danielle felt a huge relief wash over her. Waking around in public au natural could be humiliating, but when Katie was doing it too, Danielle didn't feel so bad about it.

Danielle slowly got out of the car and made her way back into the restaurant.

Danielle held her head high as she stepped back through the door and approached the counter. Danielle finally grabbed the pizza and started walking out.

Danielle was stopped dead in her tracks when the older woman yelled at her again.

"Where are your clothes you little nude whore!"

Danielle took a deep breath and turned her head towards the woman.

"Oops," Danielle laughed as she walked out, "I must have forgot them." 


Gullible Danielle Pt. 09

Danielle has an uneventful day in the spa.

"Ms.Danielle?" Said the receptionist at the spa.

"Yes, that's me," Danielle replied happily as she approached the desk.

"You can follow me to your first room."

Danielle followed the receptionist to the massage room.

"Undress to your comfort level, and the massage therapist will be with you shortly," said the receptionist as she closed the door.

This spa was recommended to Danielle by Katie, and Danielle was happy to have a day of relaxation and pampering. Danielle was unsure of how undressed she should get for the massage until she remembered Katie's advice, "Only nerds wear clothes during a massage."

"Well I'm not a nerd," Danielle thought to herself as she lifted her dress above head. Danielle didn't bother wearing any underwear since she was expecting to be wearing robe all day anyway.

Danielle got under the sheet and waited for the massage therapist to come in. Then she heard a knock at the door.

"Hello miss, I'm Rocky, I'll be your massage therapist today."

Rocky was a young man, in his mid twenties. He was very lean, with short blonde hair.

"So what area would you like me to focus on today?" Rocky softly asked.

Danielle thought for a moment, "Hmm... I'm not sure," she replied.

"Well what areas are sore or tense?" Rocky asked.

Danielle thought back to her last workout, "Well, yesterday I did squats and then went for a run, so I guess my legs?"

"Glutes too?" Rocky asked.

Danielle wasn't sure what her glutes were, but she didn't wanna seem dumb.

"Glutes especially!" Danielle enthusiastically replied.

Rocky was somewhat taken aback that a beautiful woman was happily directing him to focus on her gluteus maximus, but he was a professional.

Rocky started by bringing the sheets up just below Danielle's butt cheeks. He then folded the sheet until it was one long neat rectangle that hung off both sides of the massage table. The sheet just barely covered Danielle's voluptuous booty.

Rocky gently drizzled the warm massage oil over Danielle's back and rubbed it all over. He deeply pressed on her shoulders which was enough to send Danielle into a state of bliss. Rocky continued as Danielle fell further into her relaxed state and started to doze off.

After several minutes Rocky was finished with her back and moved onto her lower body. Rocky started with Danielle's petite feet. This awoke Danielle because she was ticklish in her feet, but after some time, Rocky moved to her toned calves and Danielle drifted back to sleep.

Rocky eventually moved up to Danielle's tight thick thighs and made sure to use ample oil. Danielle almost naked body was completely soaked with oil, and she was glistening in the dim light.

Rocky was rubbing high into Danielle's thigh when he finally asked "Would you like me to continue higher?"

Danielle was barely awake, but all she heard was "Would you like to continue?" So of course Danielle responded with a resounding "Yes, please."

With that Rocky gently grabbed the corner of the sheet and lightly lifted it off of her, and dropped it to the ground.

Danielle felt her bare ass become exposed to the open air of the room. Then, Rocky dripped more warm massage oil onto her bare booty and start rubbing.

Danielle felt the nice sensation and thought "Wow, they don't care about nudity at all, they must be European."

Rocky continued rubbing Danielle's ass for several minutes. Gently running his hand though her sensitive crack.

After about 10 minutes of Danielle's bubble ass being vigorously rubbed Rocky finally concluded the massage.

"You're massage is finished. Please dress to your comfort level and go into the steam room." He said as he left the room.

Danielle lied there for a minute, finding it difficult to move in her relaxed state. She finally got up and thought about what Rocky had said.

"Dress to your comfort level?" Danielle thought.

"Well I feel quite comfortable right now... Besides only nerds wear clothes." Danielle reasoned.

Danielle made her way to the door but slipped on the marble floor, probably due to the fact that she was covered in oil. Danielle rolled around on the floor for a minute before she finally reached the sheet that previously covered her and dried off her feet.

Danielle was finally able to stand and confidantly stepped out of her massage room in nothing but her birthday suit.

Danielle started to go to the steam room, until she realized, that she had no idea where it was.

Danielle finally marched to the front desk to ask where the steam room was.

The front desk waiting room had quite a few women waiting, as well as one younger man. All of their attention was brought to the gorgeous body as she walked in.

Danielle didn't notice the eyes on her as she stepped to the woman at the front desk and asked "Where is the steam room?"

The nice woman at the front desk tried not to stare at Danielle's sexy slippery body as she responded "Down the hall to your left, room number four."

"Thank you," Danielle responded as her naked form walked away. Her nude booty swayed back and forth and captivated most of the room.

After au naturel Danielle left the room the receptionist commented "She must be European."

Danielle opened the door to the steam room and immediately felt a rush of hot air. Danielle quickly shut the door behind her and took a deep breath of the warm air.

There was only one other person in the room. It was a young skinny man. He was quite muscular but seemed quite nerdy. He was shirtless and sitting on a towel in his gym shorts.

His glasses were fogging up from the steam when he noticed the beautiful nude woman walk into the room. Her perky boobs bounced with each step as she tiptoed on the hot wood floor. When Danielle finally reached the wooden bench she took a seat and let out a yelp.

"Ow!" Danielle jumped up in pain, "This bench is hot!"

The young man was in shock watching the sexy young woman rubbing her booty in pain while hopping up and down the hot wood floor.

"Would you like to sit on my towel?" The young man asked.

"If it isn't much trouble," Danielle responded.

The young man scooted to the side and made room for Danielle to take a seat.

She sat next to young man and thanked him.

He was very happy to have an oiled up naked girl sitting next to him.

Danielle noticed the man staring but didn't pay it much mind.

After a few minutes Danielle's body was dripping with sweat. Her perky c-cups were glistening with sweat all the way down her tight frame. Danielle finally caught the young man staring at her bare pussy.

Danielle felt flattered but figured that her day in the spa had gone on long enough.

"Well thank you for sharing your towel, but I think I'm gonna head out out." Danielle said.

The man nodded in understanding as Danielle stood up. Then Danielle gave her ass a little shake as she walked out of the room.


Gullible Danielle Pt. 10

Danielle accidentally is naked in a hospital.

"Don't worry Danielle, this sleep study is harmless," Doctor Paddle explained. "All you have to do is hook yourself up to the machine and the next morning we will examine your results."

"But doctor, I feel as though it will be hard for me to have a normal night's sleep when I'm in such an unfamiliar location," Danielle replied.

"Oh don't worry, dear. That is very normal and we account for that when we review the results," the doctor replied.

Danielle reluctantly agreed to the sleep study. It wasn't even her idea to begin with. She was only doing it because her parents complained about the noise Danielle made every night.

Danielle just didn't want to explain to her mom and dad that she was plagued with nightmares about herself being nude in public, which caused her to wake up screaming frequently.

It didn't help that Danielle's real life was full of source material for her mind to pull from.

Danielle couldn't count how many times she had been nude and humiliated in front of a crowd. Not to mention the amount of times she was naked and horny in front of a crowd.

So Danielle agreed to take a sleep study to appease her family. Although she didn't like the idea of sleeping in a hospital overnight.

At around 8 PM, Danielle's parents said goodbye and wished her good luck with her sleep study.

Then at around 830 PM Doctor Paddle greeted Danielle and said, "Well, my shift is over but I will be here bright and early to give you the findings. In the meantime, make yourself comfortable and do whatever you can to get a good night's sleep."

"Thank you doctor," Danielle politely responded.

And with that, the doctor was off. And Danielle was left in her room to figure out how to fall asleep.

Danielle scrolled through her phone for a few minutes unable to fall asleep until the doctor's words occured to her.

"Make yourself comfortable" echoed in Danielle's head.

"Well, I certainly can't sleep like this," Danielle thought.

Danielle was dressed in a pair of tight jean shorts and a t-shirt.

"I only sleep in the nude," Danielle continued.

Danielle reasoned that since she had the room to herself, that there should be no problem with her stripping.

Danielle removed her t-shirt to reveal a lacy black bra that could just barely contain Danielle's voluptuous C-cup breasts. The Danielle slid her jean shorts down to reveal her string panties.

Her panties consisted of a flexible black band that wrapped low around her waist, and another band that traveled through Danielle's sexy legs to the other side.

The thickness of Danielle's panties was irrelevant because it was entirely enveloped by her bubbly ass cheeks. To an outside observer, Danielle might as well have been wearing just a black rubber band around her waist.

In the end Danielle's revealing underwear didn't matter anyway because she stripped that off too. Danielle always slept in the nude.

Danielle lied in bed for a few minutes trying to doze off but she just couldn't. She needed to go to the bathroom.

So Danielle got up and walked towards the door, but as she reached for the knob she remembered that she was butt naked.

So Danielle grabbed a hospital gown hanging on the door and put it on.

"That should do," she thought.

Danielle failed to realize that she was supposed to tie the gown in the back, but she was already out the door and walking down the hallway.

Danielle's bare booty was completely exposed as she strolled down the hallway looking for a bathroom.

She searched for several minutes until she finally found a woman's locker room.

Danielle figured that there must be a bathroom in there. She slowly opened the door and walked inside. Danielle found a room full of lockers with a few stalls and a sink in the corner.

Danielle was relieved to finally find a bathroom.

After Danielle was finished she washed her hands and took a moment to admire herself in the mirror. Danielle discovered her big booty was exposed in her current attire.

"Well this just won't do," She thought.

Danielle searched though the lockers in the room and discovered some nurse's scrubs. Danielle for some reason only noticed the top which she mistook for the entire outfit.

Danielle discarded the hospital gown and replaced it for what was essentially a shirt.

The shirt did not cover Danielle's ass or pussy at all. It barely covered her belly button, but Danielle was tired and figured that no one would notice.

So Danielle made her way back to her room with the cool hospital air tickling her bare butt and exposed shaved pussy, when all of the sudden she heard a voice.

"Nurse! Nurse!" Yelled a young man.

Danielle was unsure of what to do because she wasn't a nurse but was wearing a nurses outfit and thought that maybe she could help.

The young man was in his late twenties with short brown hair and a bit of stubble.

Danielle entered the room and asked, "How can I help you?"

The young man called the woman in the ask for some water but when he saw Danielle's naked bottom he changed his mind.

"Miss, I could really use a sponge bath," the young man stated.

Danielle hid her nervousness and confidently responded, "Of course sir."

Danielle carefully approached the man and lowered the blanket to the bottom of the hospital bed. This revealed the man wearing nothing but a hospital gown..

Danielle would have noticed the man's growing erection if she paid a little more attention, but she was too busy finding a sponge and a bucket.

After Danielle found a bucket in the room, she squirted soap in it and filled it with water and dropped a sponge in it.

This gave the young man a great view of Danielle's perfect bubble butt which made his erection slowly grow even more.

Danielle finally approached the bed with her bucket and sponge when the man asked, "You're not gonna keep that on while you bathe me right?" Pointing towards her shirt, "I mean, you don't want it to get all wet, do you?"

Danielle feigned understanding and said, "Of course not! Thank you for reminding me."

Danielle thought to herself that she was very smooth and was glad that she didn't reveal to the man that she wasn't a nurse.

Meanwhile the young man kept thinking to himself, "I can't believe that worked."

Danielle grabbed her "scrubs" and lifted them off over her head, showing her perky c-cup boobs to the man. His erection was now in full drive poking from his hospital gown.

Danielle didn't notice this and began giving him a sponge bath by gently removing his gown to reveal his naked form.

Danielle started by washing his toned chest and arms. The young man just stared at the young beauty in the dim light.

Danielle was doing fine until she had to reach his far arm. Danielle's short stature made it difficult for her to reach across the young man's body. So her only option was to climb up on top of the naked man's body to reach his other arm.

The man acted natural, but on the inside he was shaking with excitement to have a cute woman in her birthday suit crawling on top of him and scrubbing him with soapy water.

Danielle finished washing his upper torso and started working towards his lower body. Danielle figured she might as well stay on top of him so she could reach all of his body, so when she turned to his lower body she inadvertently exposed her naked ass and pussy to the man's face.

The man's eyes widened as he stood face to face with the sexiest ass he has ever seen.

Meanwhile, Danielle noticed the man's rock hard cock pointing directly at her face and tried to wash around it. However, the hard dick kept brushing up against Danielle's lips and chin as she reached down to wash his calves.

Normally Danielle would have easily been able to work through it but she felt the man's warm breath on her tight asshole and wet pussy, which was hovering just inches in front of his face.

Finally the young man made his move and slowly reached forward and slid his tongue through her sensitive butt crack, lightly touching her tight asshole.

This sent Danielle in overdrive and instinctively swallowed his long white dick. Her saliva dripped all over his balls as the man engulfed her clit with his mouth, sucking passionately.

Danielle's naked body convulsed in bliss as she orgasmed all over the young man's face. Danielle orgasm only made her more hungry for cock as she deepthroated his thick member.

Danielle finally slid the cock out of her mouth to take a deep breath and that's when it erupted into her face and covered her with his hot cum.

"You're the best nurse ever," The man smugly said.

This is when Danielle realized that she had taken too far.

Danielle gave a polite giggle to the man and said, "I'll be right back."

Danielle quickly exited the room, forgetting her shirt. Leaving her utterly and completely naked. Not to mention her face which was dripping with cum.

Danielle wandered around the hospital for hours until she could find her room, often hiding from doctors and nurses who happened to be walking down the same hallway as her.

*****

Danielle finally found her room exhausted and collapsed on her bed.

Danielle was awoken a few hours later to sound of her doctor speaking loudly to his residents.

"Now this next patient is her for a sleep study," Doctor Paddles projected as he slid the curtain to the side.

Danielle had just woken up and was frozen in fear as the doctor had just exposed her body in its nude glory to all of the doctor's students.

There was a short pause before Doctor Paddles dismissed his students. They each took their time getting an extra look at the sexy nude girl as they left the room. Especially the men.

Danielle was finally able to cover herself with the blanket although there was nothing she could do to cover the dried cum on her face.

Doctor Paddles asked gently, "Danielle, what happened last night?"

Danielle was petrified, but she was able to come up with a lie that she thought would cover her tracks.

"I.. I... I must have slept walk last night and lost my clothes." Danielle stuttered out.

"Oh don't worry dear, we have security cameras all throughout the hospital! We'll be able to figure out what you got up to last night, don't you worry!"



11