Naked and Embarrassed
by A

Naked and Embarrassed (Part 1)

Amy was a young woman who had just turned 21 years old. As a way to celebrate being a full legal adult, she decided to go to a night club just out of town. The same nightclub was unknowingly owned by the father of one of her classmates. A little tipsy, Amy began flirting with a bunch of guys. One of them just so happened to be the boyfriend of a girl she didn't like. The very same girl whose father owned the club.

Hannah approached Amy after noticing her. "Hey, Amy. I didn't expect to find you here," Hannah said.

"I could say the same thing to you," Amy said, frowning at Hannah's appearance. "Look, I'm just here to have a nice night on my own. I don't want any trouble. So I would appreciate it if you left me alone."

"Look, Amy. I want to apologize for the way I've treated you. Let me treat you to a very special drink on the house. My dad often prices these drinks really high but I can get you one for free to make your night extra special."

Amy looked at Hannah with a bit of skepticism. "Alright, I've been taught to never refuse free things," Amy said finally. 

"Great, I'll be right back." Hannah smirked. 

Hannah went off to get Amy a drink from the back. Five minutes went by when Hannah returned with a martini glass. "With the finest tequila in the store," Hannah said.

Amy hesitated getting a bit of a bad feeling, but seeing nothing wrong with the drink she downed it in an instant. She noticed a funny taste after a minute went by. "Hey is it getting hot in here?" Amy asked. 

She slowly stood up before collapsing in the arms of Hannah. Everything went black from there. 

When Amy woke up she tried to figure out where she was. The room was pitch black but she heard laughter coming from all around her. She heard whispers saying something. It took her a moment to realize she was blindfolded. Completely vulnerable to those who could view her without obstruction. She tried to move her arms only to realize they were tied down. She tried to move her legs and they were also tied down. 

Suddenly the blindfold was torn off her face and she could see that she was on the stage of a small theater that could be reserved for public use. Before her were thousands of people she recognized from her school and work. But what were they laughing at?

Amy looked down at herself and instantly felt shame wash across her face. There she was tied completely naked with her legs spread apart. There she was with her small boobs on display and her bright pink thong was barely hiding her last piece of dignity but she suspected it wouldn't last long.

To her left stood Hannah who was giggling to herself. "Rise and shine, princess. As you can see you are quite in a predicament. In about a minute I will strip you of your last piece of dignity. You'll be put on display in front of everyone. Meanwhile we all have been getting a kick out of your little boobies. We all thought you were a bitch but we didn't know how much of a baby you really are. You might be wondering why I'm doing this to you. It's simple. You flirted with my boyfriend quite openly. You didn't think I was there. But you knew he was mine. I was watching you at the club when you went up to him. He of course walked away, but you tried to persist. Since you want to act like a slut, I figured I would display you in front of everyone. Little did I reallize that when I took off your bra, this would fall out."

She waved two chunks od thick padding so that everyone could see. "It was absolutely hilarious when it was discovered by all of us that you are a fake. A fake with the tiniest boobs in the world," Hannah giggled. "Yet there you were fast asleep thanks to the little roofie I put in your drink. And you were just put on display for everyone to see. But now I think they have waited long enough."

Hannah pulled out a pair of scissors from her purse. Amy's eyes widened as she realized her dignity was about to be stolen. Everyone would see her hairless pussy that had been completely waxed. There wasn't a single hair to protect her. 

*snip* *snip* *snip*

The thong fell ro the floor. Hannah burst out laughing as soon as she saw the completely bare pussy. Everyone could see it with the spotlight on Amy. Amy squirmed trying to break free. Everyone was staring. Everyone could see her bare pussy.


Naked and Embarrassed (Part 2)

There she was with her hands and legs tied in a spread eagle fashion standing in front of thousands of people bare naked. Not even a hair was there to cover her. Then it was only to get worse as a table was dragged onto the stage. It was the kind you would find at a doctors office as there were stirrups that would leave Amy completely exposed with her legs spread apart. With the help of a couple of strong men, Amy was untied and forced up onto the table. More rope tied her down as her feet were forced into the stirrups. Amy was completely vulnerable and exposed now. 

Her legs were spread wide open and everyone could see everything as she laid there helpless. The worst part about her position was that her butt cheeks were now also fully visible. Everyone could see Amy in full detail. She felt completely humiliated as she laid there. Cameras could be seen everywhere. Flashes and shutters were heard as people took pictures. Finally after what seemed eternity, Hannah smiled before taking a bunch of lubricant on her finger. "Time to make this interesting," she said.

Hannah stuck her finger up Amy's vagina with ease. Moving in and out at a quick pace but slowing down every now and then Amy moaned in humiliation. She kept doing it. She was determined to completely humiliate Amy in front of everyone. "P-please," Amy begged. "P-please don't. I-I haven't. I-I'm..."

Hannah looked at Amy and said, "You're what? Say it loud and proud or I will persist anyways."

"I-I'm virgin," she said softly.

"Sorry, couldn't hear you," Hannah said with a smirk and a giggle.

Her finger continued to go in and out speeding up just slightly.

"I-I'm VIRGIN!" Amy shouted making everyone laugh even more as she moaned.

Hannah laughed. "I guess you'll lose it to a female you don't even like," Hannah said.

Amy shivered as Hannah persisted. It wasn't too long before Amy came in front of thousands of people as they could see everything.


