Wife's First Exhibitionist Adventure
by dragonmeister ©

This story took place many years ago when we were young.

I met my wife, Doreen, when she was nineteen and although she admitted to 
having had sex with one or two men before me, as the years passed, she 
kept telling me another story about other men she had been with until 
there must have been at least fifty she had had sex with before me. 

So when we were married, I thought she was not very experienced and still 
a little innocent. I never thought that she might do something outrageous 
in the sex department. How wrong was that idea I going to find out. Our 
own sex life was very satisfactory. Sometimes it was difficult to get away 
to work in the morning because of her demands.

We married when she was twenty one and had only been married just over a 
year when we had our first baby.

In those days, they shaved women completely for childbirth. When Doreen 
came home a few days after the birth, she was still fairly bald. I helped 
her into a bath and it was exciting to see her bald pussy and of course I 
had to say so.

Nothing more was said about this and she did not shave again. A few months 
later, I went out for the evening with my friend John. We went out about 
once a week, usually to the pub for a few drinks and a game of darts. We 
would usually make our own way home, but on this occasion I said to John 
to come in for another drink.

We went in to the sitting room and I got a couple of beers for us. We did 
not make much noise in case Doreen was sleeping. I was sitting facing the 
door and John was on the other side of the room where he was hidden from 
the door. About ten minutes later, Doreen came running down the stairs and 
burst into the room. "I thought I heard you had come home and I have been 
dying to show you what I have done." she said. I was rather stunned as she 
was stark naked standing facing me with her legs a little apart and most 
wonderful of all, she had completely shaved her pussy.

I stared for what seemed ages and then remembered John was sitting there. 
I said to Doreen that John was sitting behind her and nodded in his 
direction. Doreen had a shocked look on her face and without thinking, 
turned round to face John giving him an unrestricted view of her nude 
body. With a start, Doreen suddenly realised the situation and ran out of 
the room mumbling something.

Trying to be nonchalant, I said to John its not often you get that sort of 
thing. He agreed and said it was very nice though.

A few minutes later, Doreen got up the courage to come back down, this 
time with her bath robe on. There was an awkward silence until, 
remembering our darts game of earlier, I said that that was the best 
double top and bullseye we had seen all night.

We all laughed at that and then it was forgotten. Doreen sat down and had 
a few drinks with us. We were drinking beers but she was on the vodka. 
After a few drinks she loosened up and through wriggling about on the 
sofa, often gave us another glimpse of thigh or breast or even nearly up 
to her pussy. She then said she would go to the kitchen to get us some 
more beer.

When she came back her robe was a bit loose and as she approached us it 
fell fully open. There was nothing she could do about it as she had a 
glass of beer in each hand. Oh my god she said, you've seen my bullseye 
again and giggled helplessly. She handed us each a glass facing us fully 
and then sat or rather flopped onto the sofa. As she did so her robe 
opened a bit and we were given another full show. She made no attempt to 
cover up and said that as we had seen her twice there was nothing to hide 
and stayed like that for a while. 

As she moved about on the sofa her robe opened even more and then she said 
it was getting in the way and slipped her arms out of the sleeves and let 
it fall off completely. she sat like that for about half an hour and then 
said she was tired and went to bed.

Shortly afterwards John went home and I went upstairs.

Doreen was still awake and said that was the most exciting experience for 
a while. She had really got a buzz out of exposing herself to my friend. 
She eventually admitted that she had been excited by being seen in the 
nude and when in the kitchen, she had deliberately loosened her robe so 
that it would fall open although she had to wiggle a bit to make it 
happen.

Although she said she did not know John was there, I think she did. She 
did not come down as soon as we came in but a bit later. I think she heard 
us come in then decided to shave and give us a show. She has never 
admitted to this and to this day I still do not know how 'accidental' it 
all was. 


