Boyfriends Treat
by Jaqi

Chapter 1

Boyfriend loves to so me off and expose me. He love to make me blush and tease me. He would rather I never wear clothes. My younger girlfriend wants to save me, until she finds out just how much fun it can be. On top of her joy of being exposed she also likes to experience light bondage.


I have been going off and on with my boyfriend Tadd for almost five years. I have often watched adult shows with him. We have talked about how much we both enjoy reading and watching things that cause others to be humiliated or having to “do” something that is embarrassing. He has dared me to take my shirt off when we were out driving, and even once when we went for a hike in the mountains. I have not ever really done anything that would cause me to be really in trouble prior to this. I have always wished I had more guts to try some of the things I had read about. But not wanting to be caught either, as I am sure it would take a toll on my job.

Tadd likes to tease me, he knows that I have never been with another girl. We both have talked about having a girlfriend join us sometimes. I think it is a way of making our lovemaking more intense. We have actually talked about a few other girls that I have seen in the locker rooms of the swimming pools we go too. Most of them are very private, not much for one to see as they have private shower areas, not like the guys have I guess where they are all out in the open. Lately it had been a main topic of what kind of tattoos and piercing did I notice that were hidden still when they wore suits. He was always curious as to if I saw any girls that trimmed or shaved bare. It was something he said was a lot more popular now than it was when we first started going together, and a lot more popular than when I was in college and playing volleyball on the varsity team for four years.

He had been trying to talk me into joining the group that enjoyed being bare, and I had trimmed it smaller and smaller as my bikinis got smaller and smaller. I had kept just a little on top to let everyone know I was an adult. His birthday was the first of August, I decided to maybe grant him his wish. I was going to do it and surprise him with it, but then decided to make it fun, and let him do the deed himself. I did really trust him, and it would be a fun surprise present for him.

I made a big deal out of his birthday. I told him I wanted to take him to dinner, to a really nice place. I told him I had bought a special cake for him and wanted to go back so we could have desert at my condo. I had bought a real nice ice cream cake with his favorite strawberries all over it.
I had also bought him a very nice sleeping bag he had been hinting about from Cabalas. He loved it. I had also wrapped another present up for him. In it were a brand new Trac-III Razor and his favorite Edge shaving gel, and a note “My bush belongs to you have fun with his new present.

“Does that meant what I think it does.”
I said, “Yes, just please be careful.”
“When can I collect on this?”
“I think tonight would be a good time to start.”
“I was wondering if I would agree to keep it bare maybe for the next month also.”
“Yes” I will agree to keep it that way the rest of the month.”

We soon moved our party to my bedroom, where he asked if he could have his birthday present wear her birthday suit. I am 5’7, with light brown hair, and crystal blue eyes, I have rather small breasts, I wear a 34B bra, but just barely. I have small nipples, and they seem to always be excited. I have tan lines where I wear my suit to tan. My small bush is about maybe 1” wide and 1-½” high it stops just above my clit, not really much there, but still enough you can see I have some.

I stepped out of my heels letting him see I was not wearing any nylons. I like my legs tanned as they are. I unzipped my dress, and let it slide down my body. It dropped into a pile at my ankles. I raised it up with my right foot and caught it with my right hand. I laid it over the back of the chair. He grabbed a towel and placed it under me on the bed. He had me scoot right out to the edge so he could get right down on the floor between my very wide spread thighs. He was on his knees in between my legs, he started kissing all over my thighs and around my mound. I was excited and enjoying this a lot. “ I thought you were going to shave it?
“I am, but first I want to kiss your covering good-bye.”

I wondered why I had not done this with him sooner. I was enjoying it. I was soon withering in ecstasy. I was soon cumming on his tongue touching all my important places as he caressed my nipples with his hands.
When I recovered a little, I heard him switch the trimmer on and start to work on my bush. He had me sheared down to ¼” stubble in seconds. He took the shave gel and he placed a dollop in his palm. He then lightly started to place it on my pubic area, he really worked up a great lather, and he had a lot of it covered in white foam. OMG, I just realized what I had done, I did not know that I had mistakenly purchased a can a of menthol shaving gel, I was now also feeling the results of a very mild tingly feeling down there, was not totally unpleasant but very much letting me know it was there.

He felt it tingly in his hands, and he commented on “I did not think you were brave enough to have done that on purpose. Are, you okay with it.”
I was not able to think clear at all, and I was loving the attention. I felt him start to use the razor. He really made sure he did not miss a single thing. He went over it a few times, don’t ask me how many. I was so close to really having my next big orgasm that night. I was not able to pay much attention to what he was doing. Before long I felt him wiping the towel on my very naked body. Then I felt his tongue on my recently bared mound. He was not to be denied, and I was enjoying this.

After he had spent some time, I felt him move up my body and then felt his excitement enter me. I could tell it was different, I enjoyed it a lot. He was really hard and he was really deep in my pussy. It felt so good. I had actually passed out I think.
When I awoke he had cuddle up with me. I am not sure how long I was out. I got out of bed, and I went to use the bathroom. I was walking back to the bedroom, when I passed a full length mirror. I stopped to admire my new style, but I also found something else. Seems Tadd had found my laundry marker that was on the night table, and I now had a very smooth bare mound, but it also had his name on it. I was going to get pissed, but I also was excited by it at the same time. I thought it was kind of nice, he was branding his territory I guess. I rubbed on the marking, I wet my fingers with my mouth and tried to rub it off. One thing about a laundry marker is it is not meant to come off easily, and my mound with that soft white bare skin was not an area that I wanted to scrub like I would my hands. I had figured that I probably would not be showing anyone else my area for a while anyway, so what did it hurt. I was thinking about getting even with him, but I also had to admit, it had been fun, and I did really enjoy everything else he did.

The next weekend we were having a boring day, it had rained all day, and we could not go bike riding, or camping. He was brought up in a house where they play a lot of card games and board games, and we had decided to play Dominoes. We have always been very competitive, and I am just as bad as he is, I play to win, I always have. We were playing, and it was a very close game, and he dared me to make this interesting.
“What you have in mind.”

“We each put three dares for the other to do on pieces of paper. We play, the winner has the looser draw a dare from the three challenges, and that person would have to fulfill the others dare the tomorrow (Sunday).” I was leading in the game at this time, and thought there was no way I could possibly loose. I was sure I would have Tadd as my personal slave the next day. Well have you heard about how your luck usually changes, mine did, or his did, I ended up losing?

Tadd held out his dares, I knew he loved this, and I drew my fate. I was really shocked what I drew and read to Tadd. My Dare said “You will of course have me smooth your area up down there, and touch up everything including the graphics. Then you will walk out of the condo, without a stitch, no shoes, no nothing, not even jewelry. You are to walk out to my pickup truck and get in the passenger seat. I will then drive us to that campground we like that is down by the river, it is like fifteen miles from your condo. We will then have a short lunch, and use the picnic table there for a little extra fun.” I looked at him about that, and he grinned, I can just imagine what he meant. “Then we will return to the condo I will wear only a pair of swim trunks, and there will not be a thing in the truck to cover up with.”
I said “Oh My God, I can’t do that, I will get busted.”
He laughed and said “I knew you would chicken out.”
God damn it, I hate to be dared. Why I don’t know, but it really bugged me he thought that. “You sure we would not get busted.”
“I am not, but I will do whatever I can to make sure we do not.”

It was still raining on Sunday, and he said he was pretty sure no one would see me going to the truck, he even said he would pull it close as he could so I was not exposed for very long. I agreed, he said there would be no one at the campground as there hardly was anyone ever there anyway. It was not one very many people even knew about I think. I think a lot of people thinks it is part of a private ranch, that borders it down there and so I was not too worried about it. I was sure I could do this. It was exciting me to think about trying it.

I agreed, and on Sunday morning he prepped me. I dashed to his truck without a stitch to my name. It was so wild, he has a pickup truck that is lifted, and I had to crawl up and into it. It also made it so only truckers could possibly see me. Tadd was the perfect gentlemen, and made sure we did not get close to any trucks that would bust us.

At the campground it was really nice to experience a little nature as he called it, it was also interesting, it was lightly drizzling, and if I had clothes on they would have been soaked. I was enjoying the relative warm moisture. I was so turned on, and enjoying it so much I was getting braver and braver. We had a picnic basket and enjoyed the time, even though I was completely bare assed naked. After we ate, we started kissing, and he had me so turned on. We did it right there on the table in front of God and everybody. It is crazy, but being this naked, and not having any possible thing to cover up with, Wow, my clothes are 15 miles away.

After about two hours, I think all his cum had finally dripped out of my pussy. We headed back to the condo, and everything was going great. Tadd dared me to maybe dash a little farther, than just pulling up to the front door. I told him I would, but I was thinking we had been very lucky. I really did not want to ruin it by getting caught and spending the night in jail if I got busted. Could you imagine getting busted naked like I was, and having to spent the night, or even the trip to the jail?

He laughed, but he did park the truck just a few spaces back from where he had when I dashed out to it. I decided not to argue, and so l slipped out of the truck and run for my condo. I was home free, I had made it. Then my neighbor come walking out of his condo, and right into me. He caught my naked body so I did not fall down. I was so embarrassed, I was at the door, but Tadd had the key, and he was a little behind me. Naked is bad, shaved bare makes me feel twice as naked. But having your boyfriends name wrote on your naked mound is even more humiliating. Being caught by someone that you know is really bad. I was so embarrassed, my neighbor could only stand there and stare, once he let go of me. I mean, I am sure he never dreamed he would see his neighbor bare assed naked trying to get in her condo, not able to, because her boyfriend had the key and was just coming up the steps rather slowly.

Tadd finally got there and opened the door. I could not even apologize to my neighbor, I just wanted to get inside. I also was hornier than I think I had ever been, door closed. My boyfriend was going to cure my problems, and he better do it quickly my pussy was soaked.

God, why did I do that. The next afternoon, as I walked to my condo door, I was met by my neighbors wife. She had always been rather nice to me, but I was still embarrassed to walk by her.

She stopped me “I am not happy with you running around naked in front of my husband.”
I was shocked; I never thought anything about her husband telling her what he saw. Now I was really embarrassed. “I am so sorry.”
“I hope this does not ever happen again.”
“I promise, it will never happen again.” So that was that, but it is still very embarrassing every time I walk by either of my neighbors. I really enjoyed it at the time, but not sure it was worth the agony it has caused since.
I really had it out with Tadd also over it. We have decided if we ever do anything again it will be in a safer environment. Like a nude beach, or nude resort, not where it could affect the rest of our lives so much.




