Exposed
by Mary

Hi, my name is Mary and I have a story to tell you. First let me say that all 
I will tell you is true and to the best of my memory is how it happened.

A little about me first, I'm now 40 years old but am told I look much younger. 
My hair is brown my eye's are hazel. I'm 5'5 and weigh in at just 125 pounds. 
My measurements, well I won't say but I still catch my share of looks,above 
average I guess. My breast are still pretty firm, no sag yet and my hips are 
firm and full and my waist is small.

I own a small women's clothing store here in the middle of Virginia and that's 
where the story starts. I opened for business about ten years ago after a 
messy divorce from the only man I had ever been with after I caught him 
sleeping with our neighbour.

I was brought up in a very conservative life style and always dressed the 
part, and if I'm going to be completely honest my sex life was on the boring 
side for most, just the standard missionary style and that was what had my ex 
husband playing else where I guess. I never was willing to explore other 
things till after the divorce and a year or so had past. Even then it was hard 
to let myself go. That is till I meet him, a man who wouldn't take no for a 
answer and had the confidence it took to take control.

Ron was the sales manger for one of the leading clothing lines for young women 
that we carried at my store and shortly after our first meeting he questioned 
why I never wore any of his line. I explained to him I felt they showed to 
much for most women to ware and where just to sexy for me. As time past we 
became close friends and soon started seeing each other away from work. Well 
one thing led to another and soon we were even going on vacations together, 
that's when he started taking charge.

We had gone to Florida, Key West and when he saw my one piece swim suit he 
told me that would never do so that day he brought me a new bikini, one that 
showed entirely to much of me I thought. At first I refused to even put it on 
but he kept telling me to let go and before I knew it I had it on and to my 
shock and surprise I liked it! The next day at the beach he suggested we take 
a walk through town and enjoy the sites. I wanted to go back to the hotel and 
change but he wouldn't hear of it, saying I should let go and relax and do as 
the other women around here did so I did. I felt so out of place parading 
around in something that showed so much of my body, my breast were almost 
spilling out the top and my butt was all but completely on display. It was so 
humiliating, looks I got from the men around, I could almost feel them 
undressing me further with there eye's and in there minds, but I also felt 
something else, excitement. He took me all over, to lunch at a sidewalk cafe 
to a couple of bars and to a place where they did body painting. I watched as 
women undressed and were painted and left the shop wearing nothing but the 
paint on there bare skin, I was shocked. That night we had sex for the first 
time.

The next day we spent in the hotel talking about my past marriage and why it 
failed, much of it my fault I guess, but also about how I could change things 
if I wanted. I told Ron I wanted to change but didn't know how to do it. He 
ask if I wanted help and if I trusted him enough to let him help. Thinking 
back it really didn't take long to decide I did trust him and I really did 
want to open up some. That day for the first time I knew what I had been 
missing. We went out for dinner and dancing and more conversation
on the changes he was going to make in me.


Exposed 2

Hi, it's me again.

When we returned home Ron came by my place to check my wardrobe to see what I could keep and what had to go. As you can guess most of my stuff had to go. 
After looking every thing over and filling several black plastic garbage bags 
Ron told me that tomorrow we would be going shopping. 

Shopping with Ron was a very trying day as he picked out things that never 
before would I have worn. Clothes that showed more of me than I wanted but to 
tell the truth it excited me. The most trying part of it all was his rule that 
underwear was forbidden. He had throw away all but a few bra's and thongs so 
my choices were very limited.

When I walked into work the girls that worked for me were surprised at how I 
was dressed. A skirt that came well above my knee's and a blouse that you 
could almost see through, the fact I wasn't wearing a bra became very 
apparent. All day long I suffered the looks of the girls who worked for me as 
well as some of my customers. Most of the girl's mentions that they liked the 
new look so that helped but still I felt embarrassed by all the attention. 

When I returned home Ron was waiting for me and ask how my day had gone. I 
told him how it made me feel and he told me to just relax and go with the 
flow. Later we went out to eat. When we went out he had me change clothes 
again, this time into a much shorter skirt and a blouse that was even more see 
through, I almost died when I looked into the mirror to see how I looked. My 
face and the rest of me was blushing a deep red and I didn't know if I would 
be able to step out the front door. Ron assured me that all would be fine.

At the restaurant the waiter's eye's never raised above my breast, but he did 
notice the length of my skirt and seemed torn about where to look. All through 
the meal I was trying to cover my breast and to pull my skirt down more, that 
is till Ron told me to stop and enjoy the attention I was getting. 







