Wardrobe Malfunction - Mary
byCopyCat13©

Mary and her 2 best friends, Laci and Michaela, are having the time of their lives at an amusement park. They know they won't have many more days like this, they're all about to start their senior year of college so this is their last summer together.

They chose to spend the whole day at the park because all of them love thrill rides so they got there as soon as the park opened and don't plan on leaving until they're kicked out. They planned on spending the middle of the day cooling off in the waterpark though so they all brought swimsuits and towels.

After riding about half the rides in the park, the friends decide to cool off and spend a couple hours in the water park. It's a pretty good waterpark too. There are dozens of water slides, a wave pool, a lazy river, and a sundeck full of chairs to lay out and get some sun.

Mary and her friends go to the changing room to change into their swimsuits. Mary is a little bit uncomfortable being naked in front of strangers even if all of them were naked too. Actually Mary was uncomfortable being naked in front of almost anyone. For the first 6 months after she started dating her boyfriend she wouldn't strip in front of him with the lights on. But she changed quickly and left the room before things got awkward for her. The three of them put their towels and clothes in a backpack and found a locker to keep their wallets and cellphones safe. They found an empty chair on the sundeck to leave the backpack of their stuff and together went off to try out the water slides.

The slides are a lot of fun but the park is packed so they're standing in line for quite a while between trips down and Mary gets tired of waiting standing in the sun. She decides she'd rather relax on the lazy river and cool off for a while but Michaela and Laci want to try out the wave pool. They agree to split up and meet back at the backpack when they get tired of the waterpark or they get hungry. Whoever wants to leave first would just need to find the others.

Mary bids them goodbye and hurries around the waterpark to the lazy river. She finds an available inner-tube and starts her journey around the lazy river. The lazy river really is the most relaxing ride in the entire park. The cool water, the slow pace, the sounds of the water lapping against the sides, her sunglasses on...the only thing missing is a nice cool glass of lemonade and it would be perfect. By the end of her first lap around Mary is about ready to take a nap.

As she drifts along, Mary notices that there are a few people around her checking her out. Most of them are trying to be subtle looking at her out of the corner of their eye or from behind sunglasses but she can still tell. And a few of them aren't being subtle at all. Mary enjoys the attention though. Naked she becomes super self-conscious but as long as she had clothes on she loves the attention. Even a bikini is enough for her to enjoy the attention despite the fact that she knows just about everyone is picturing her out of the bikini.

Mary loves the lazy river but after about an hour her stomach rumbles and she decides she better get out and grab some lunch. When the river brings her around to the start again she gets out and starts walking back toward the bag with all their towels. She reaches the sundeck and heads toward the bag. But as she approaches is, she notices that there seem to be a couple guys going through the bag. At first, Mary thinks she must be looking at the wrong chair and bag but as she gets closer she sees that it is in fact her bag that those boys are going through. Mary starts running toward them and yells. "Hey, what are you doing? That's my bag."

The boys hear her and look up then immediately run away. Mary thinks about chasing them down but decides that it isn't worth it. She assumes they were looking for their money but that's all safely in the locker. Mary grabs her towel out of the bag and starts drying off when she notices that the boys did in fact take something. All three of their bras and panties are missing. Those stupid boys must have stolen them as some sort of stupid prank.

At first Mary is just shocked at the sheer audacity of such a crime. She considers finding a park employee and reporting it but as she looks around she realizes the boys are nowhere in sight and since she didn't get a great look at them in the first place she probably wouldn't be able to find them again. 

Sighing with frustration at the situation, Mary wraps her towel around herself, grabs the bag and sets out to find Michaela and Laci to break the news to them. She spots them playing in the wave pool. She waves to get their attention and motions them to get out of the water so they can talk. Both of them get out of the wave pool tired and out of breath from the exertion of fighting the waves. They come up to Mary smiling but them Mary explains what happened and their smiles turn to frowns.

"...so yeah, when I got to the bag I found our underwear missing." Mary finishes her story. 

"What the Hell?" Laci asks. "Why would someone even do that?"

"Who knows? It was probably just some stupid prank or something. What did they look like?" Michaela asks Mary, "Maybe we could find them."

Mary shakes her head, "No, I didn't get a good look at them. I think they were young though. Like 15 or 16. Probably never even touched a real bra before." She says trying to make a joke of it. It seems to work as all three of them laugh at that thought. 

As they've been talking, Laci and Michaela have been drying off and by now they're dry enough that they can start pulling their clothes on over their swimsuits. Mary hesitates a moment before saying, "Hang on, I hate wearing clothes over a wet bikini. I'm gonna go change."

"Change into what?" Laci asks. "Did you bring a spare pair of undies or something?"

"Nah, nothing like that. I'll just go commando." Mary responds with a faux-sexy wink. "You guys grab our stuff out of the locker and find somewhere close by to grab a bite to eat while I change."

Mary hands them the map from the bag and then goes off to the changing room by herself. If anything this time in the changing room is even more awkward than the last time because she needs to strip, then towel off before changing instead of just stripping and changing but she gets through the experience none the worse for wear. Soon, Mary is back in the shorts and tank top she came to the park in.

The tank top is not one she would normally wear without a bra though. The neck is pretty low cut and the armholes are a bit big. Not a big deal when she's wearing a bra but without one she knows she'll have to be careful to avoid giving anyone too much of a view. No bending over too much or raising her arms. Otherwise someone will see down her shirt or get a side-boob view. She considers just pulling her bikini top back on but decides she'd rather deal with the overly-revealing top than a wet top making it look like she has excessive boobs-sweat.

Mary leaves the changing room and finds her friends again. Michaela hands Mary her money and credit card and cell phone all of which had been in the locker while Laci tells her about the restaurant they picked out for lunch.

Their lunch is delicious if a bit pricy but they all eat their fill and decide to digest while in line. The biggest and best roller coaster in the whole park is near them but has a 45 minute wait time. They figure they can digest while waiting in line and no longer feel stuffed to bursting by the time they actually make it to the ride.

The three best friends laugh and joke the whole time they're in line and soon they've all basically forgotten how pissed they were about their underwear. By the time they make it to the front of the line they're all having a great time again. The ride is only 2 seats in each row so Laci and Michaela ride together while Mary and a stranger take the row behind them. The overhead restraints are lowered and the ride begins.

The ride is amazing. Easily the best one they've been on so far today. But suddenly as the ride slows down and comes to back into the station Mary realizes with horror that her boobs have fallen out of her shirt. It must have been during the loops or maybe during one of the negative G dives or something like that. She immediately tries to correct it but realizes to her horror that with the overhead restraints she can't bend her arm enough to reach her shirt.

Panicking, Mary eventually manages to squirm her arm around the back of the restraints and gets her tank top back in place just as they come into view of the waiting crowds. Red-faced, she looks around but luckily no one seems to have noticed her accidental exposure. Not even the guy in the seat next to her.

Mary considers herself extremely lucky and the rush from almost being caught like that leave her feeling giddy as she gets off the ride and exits with her friends. They're all laughing and talking about how awesome the ride is. Mary is looking forward to telling them about her little wardrobe malfunction but wants to wait until they are out of a dense crowd and have a little bit of privacy.

She comes up short though when they pass the photo kiosk. On the overhead screens are pictures of all the riders from the latest train. And there she is in the center screen, Mouth wide open in a happy scream with her boobs both hanging out of her shirt. Mary's first instinct is to jump in front and try to block the screen so no one else can see but unfortunately the screen is way too high up for her to do that.

Instead she lowers her head and tries to shield her face from view as she hurries past and out of the gift shop exit. Once outside she looks around and realizes she must have left her friends behind and so she decides to wait for them. 

Laci and Michaela seem to take forever getting out of the gift shop and while she waits her mind starts to play tricks on her and she's worried that every person walking past laughing or smiling is secretly laughing at her after seeing the picture.

Finally though her friends emerge from the gift shop both laughing. Laci has a souvenir bag so Mary assumes she must have stopped to buy something. She asks Laci what she bought and Laci bursts out laughing again. She opens the bag and pulls out a framed picture...The picture from the ride. Not only did Laci buy the print, she even paid for it to be framed.

Laci and Michaela both think the whole thing was hilarious and joke that it would be a great way to remember their day at the amusement park. Mary is humiliated but even though her shame she's able to recognize the humor in it. If it had happened to either of her friends she'd be laughing her butt off at the whole situation so she assumes that maybe with time she'll find it funny too.
