Weekend Adventure
byNrlynkdbabe©

Weekend Adventure Ch. 01

Well first let me begin by telling everyone that I have enlisted the help of a male friend just in case I get myself in too deep. I explained to him my desire to be naked in public and how I have come to realize that I am more of an exhibitionist then I thought. I alsotold him that I want to continue to push myself to be more daring. Now that I have found that I love the feeling of being naked in public. I told him that my goal is to be naked in many different situations.

I explained that I want situations where I have no access to any clothing and that the further away the clothes are the better (I hope I am brave enough to follow through) and that I want him to make suggestions on what I wear or don't wear and when and where I lose articles of clothing. The last thing I told him was that he is not to give in to me if I plead for my clothes back except to avoid arrest . So now that he understood how this was to work we decided to test things out.

We started by picking out my clothes that I would wear out that night and the next day The weather was cool so I put on a light coat for the ride to our destination. It was Friday night and we had decided to check into a hotel in a nearby town. I knew of a few bars that had great possibilities as well as a few other places. Once we checked in Ed told me we needed ice. I was wearing a short loose skirt and thin small pullover top.

As I was walking out the door he said told me you can't go out for ice like that, leave your clothes here. It sure didn't take him long to get into his role. I felt the excitement begin to build, and I thought what a great choice I made picking Ed as my accomplice. I removed my top and skirt tossed them at Ed took a deep breath and opened the door. I looked both ways and saw no one.. So with ice bucket in hand I set out to get ice. It was then I realized I had no idea where the ice machine was located. I chose a direction and nervously walked down the hall. There I found the ice machine, I filled the bucket and headed back to the room.

All of a sudden I was overcome with fear. I had no key, what if Ed had locked the door. I would be stuck in the hallway of a large hotel naked. Thoughts of my first NIP experience came into my head. I reached the door to the room and when I turned the knob and the door opened. This hotel had not yet gone to the electronic key system so the door did not automatically lock when it closed. I admit I was a bit disappointed, I had seen no one and the door was not locked. I will not pass judgment yet on whether Ed was the right choice for these adventures. We had a drink and then decided to go downstairs for dinner. I put on a short lightweight dress that had buttons down the front to just below my waist. I only buttoned the few bottom buttons so that my dress was open to just above my navel. I put on a pair of 4 inch heels and we were on our way. We were on the 9th floor of the hotel. We waited for the elevator to arrive. When it arrived it was empty. We got inside and Ed told me to take my dress off for the ride down to the lobby.

I was reluctant but he reminded me of what I had told him. I unbuttoned a few more buttons and let the dress fall and I stepped out of it. Ed picked it up and held on to it saying I would get it back before the doors opened to the lobby. As it is an older hotel the elevator had a non-stop button so it would go directly to the lobby.

Ed pushed it and the doors began to close, at the last second Ed ducked out the doors leaving me naked in an elevator going directly to the lobby. I was trapped, nervous but yet very excited. There was nothing I could do but hope that once I reached the lobby level and the doors began to open that I could hit the door close button and the button for the 9th floor as well as the non-stop button.

Well as the elevator descended closer to the lobby I began to panic. I had my finger ready to start pushing buttons as the elevator came to a stop. The doors began to open I stood as far to the side as possible and hurried to push the door close button. It was useless all of a sudden 3men and 2 women began to step into the elevator when I heard a gasp. There I was naked with 5 strangers looking at me. I made a weak attempt to cover myself and began to try and explain but it was no use.

The men were getting a lot of enjoyment out of my situation and the women were giving me disapproving looks. They all got in and I stood there trying to act nonchalant but I was getting so excited. There was no conversation and I could see the men looking me over. After a few stops and no other passengers getting on the elevator reached the 9th floor.

The door opened and there was a couple looking straight at me, the man gave a sly grin and stepped aside as I stepped out and turned toward our room I saw Ed leaning against the wall still holding my dress with a big grin on his face. I put the dress on buttoned a few buttons and of we went to dinner. This was the beginning of a very eventful weekend.

Well we continued down to the hotel restaurant for dinner, with me in my dress held closed by only a few buttons. As I walked my dress would open showing off my legs, sometimes exposing my pussy. I could sense that all eyes were on me as we passed through to the far corner of the restaurant. We ordered drinks and I could see the waiters eyes glancing at the my breasts that were nearly out of my dress.

As the waiter walked away Ed told me to undo another button on my dress. I began to protest a bit but he reminded me that I had said I would do whatever he asked, so another button was undone and my breasts were almost completely exposed when the waiter returned with our drinks. He stammered a bit and seemed to have a hard time concentrating as he took our order.

I remained this way as the salads and appetizers were brought out. Now there were only two buttons keeping my dress from falling open all the way. .As we waited for the entrees I was told to undo the last two buttons on my dress and as the last button was undone my dress fell open. When the waiter returned with the main course he leaned over to place the plate on the table in front of me and nearly dumped in in my lap when he saw me totally exposed. Well my dress stayed open during dinner and since I was sitting down only a few other diners were aware of how I was exposed.

I told Ed that I needed to use the powder room and I began to pull my dress closed before standing up but I was told I must leave the dress as is. So I stood up and walked the short distance to the powder room with my dress wide open and flowing behind me ad I walked leaving me totally exposed in the front. Oh how excited I was during that short walk. I had to restrain myself from masturbating when I was in the stall. All eyes were on the powder room door as I walked out and back to the table.

We finished our meal and my dress remained open as we walked out of the restaurant and into the hotel lobby. I was sure we would be stopped and told that I needed to cover up but no one bothered us at all. I began to wonder how far I could go before I was told to either cover up or leave the premises. Apparently Ed had the same idea because he slowed up a bit so he was behind me and he grabbed my dress and slipped it off my shoulders.

I then allowed him to remove the dress completely and there I was once again totally naked except for some jewelry and my four inch heels. He rolled my dress up into a small ball and we got on the elevator back to take us back to our room. A number of other hotel guests got on the elevator and I smiled and said hello as if everything was normal.. We got back to the room and decided we would shower and rest a bit before heading out for the evening.

While I showered Ed prepared my outfit for the rest of the evening. I came out of the shower and saw that Ed had chosen my outfit for the evening and had it out on the bed for me. He has picked out a button down belly shirt that was now a bit small for me and a short thin skirt that was not a favorite of mine but Ed had seemed to like it.

We had gone through my wardrobe before packing for our weekend trip and Ed picked out what clothes I should bring with me I wondered why he had chosen this outfit and it was not till a little later that I found out the reason. I put on the skirt and top which had a v- neck and 5 buttons down the front. The top was low enough to show some cleavage and the bottom was only a few inches below my breasts. The outfit was completed with a gold belly chain, gold hoop earrings, a gold bracelet, a gold chain around my neck and a pair of 4 inch heels.

Once I finished dressing we were ready to head out to the car and drive to a small bar that we had passed while driving to the hotel which had a sign outside advertising a dance floor. I went to get my lightweight coat because it was quite cool outside, but Ed told me that it wasn't necessary. He said the car is in the parking deck and that he would put the heat on in the car to keep me warm. So the coat was left in the room and we headed down to the car.

When we reached the parking deck I could feel the chill in the air and my nipples quickly got hard and were very visible poking through my top. We passed other hotel guests in the parking deck and most gave me a second look as I was not exactly dressed for the cool 40 degree weather. I was just a bit chilly now but wondered how I would be once the temperature dropped later in the night.

I expressed my concern to Ed and he said that it would be fine. So since I had agreed to trust him completely with my well being my thoughts turned to what may happen this evening. I was getting excited but also felt jittery wondering what had been he had planned for me. We arrived at the bar, parked the car and started walking toward the entrance. The temperature had dropped a few degrees since we left the hotel and I was feeling very chilly.

I thought about how cold it will be later when we are heading back to the hotel and I felt the excitement start to build inside me. I have found that the cold adds to my excitement. During the walk to the door of the bar my nipples once again stood out against my top mostly due to the very cool air but also due to the anticipation of what Ed had planned for me.

As we entered the bar I saw that there were tables to the left along with a small dance floor and what appeared to be a DJ booth and the bar was on the right. The bar was pretty well full so we decided to get a table up close to the dance floor. There were only a few tables that were already taken so we had no problem getting the spot we wanted. I checked to see the location of the ladies room and saw it was on the other side of the bar.

Not a problem now but it could be an adventure later when I am a bit tipsy and quite possibly partially exposed. The waitress service at the tables had not started yet so Ed sent me to the bar to get drinks. I expected him to tell me to tell me to undo some buttons on my blouse but he said nothing. I was already showing a fair amount of cleavage and my nipples were still erect and poking through my top.

The bartender was a good looking guy in his early 30's. He made no attempt to hide the fact that he was checking me out, which made me tingle and knowing that at some point later he may be seeing much more of me really made my nipples stand out.. I got myself a Malibu Bay breeze and Ed stayed with his usual beer. I walked back to our table with the drinks and I knew that the bartender was checking out my ass as I maneuvered around the tables and back to Ed.

We sat and enjoyed our drinks and watched as the tables began to fill up with couples out to enjoy a night out of drinks and perhaps some dancing. There had been music playing from the jukebox but now the DJ was getting ready to take over. Just before he began Ed told me to go and get us one more round, just as I was ready to stand up he reached over and undid the top button on my shirt which parted to show more cleavage. The bartender obviously approved of what he was seeing by the smile I saw on his face as I approached the bar.

I got our drinks and went back to the table. We sat and enjoyed the music and checked out the crowd. It seemed to be mostly couples and some groups of women at the tables and it seemed the bar was where the single guys and women sat to watch the goings on around the bar. It seemed it was too early for people to get up and dance so we just watched the crowd had another round of drinks brought by a very cute young waitress and waited for things to heat up.

The drinks were making me feel very good and I told Ed I needed to make a trip to the ladies room. He reached over and the next button on my shirt. Now the last two buttons were straining to keep the too small shirt closed. I was showing a lot of cleavage as I walked across the bar to the ladies room. I could feel the eyes of the bartender and others at the bar looking at me as I passed to go to the ladies room. While I was at the mirror checking my makeup a very pretty woman in her late 20's came in and began checking her own makeup in the mirror. She said hello and we made small talk .

I told her we were just visiting and asked what a Friday night was like here in the bar. She said that it usually got a good crowd and that everyone always had a good time dancing. I told her that my friend did not dance so she said that I should not let that stop me from getting out there and joining the fun. I said another drink or two and I would be ready to have some fun. She said here name was Lisa and I introduced myself saying i'm Nikki and my friend is Ed.

We walked out of the ladies room and I went back to the table and saw that Lisa had a seat at the bar. I told Ed about my conversation with Lisa and he said he would love watching me out there on the dance floor in my small little top and short skirt. The music was louder now and there were some people now on the dance floor. I still did not have the nerve to go out there so I sat and watched and sipped my drink. I glanced over at Lisa every now and then and a few times I saw her looking my way. We were due for another round and Ed suggested I go get it at the bar and while there I should ask Lisa to join us as it seemed she was alone.

As expected Ed reached over and undid the bottom button on my shirt so now only one small button was straining to keep my breasts from popping out into the open. Everyone noticed as I approached the bar. I think they were all waiting for that last button to let go and leave me exposed. I ordered our drinks and also told the bartender to give Lisa one of whatever she was drinking. I asked Lisa if she was alone and she said she was to meet a friend here but it seemed that thy were late. I asked her to join us at our table and she happily agreed. The bartender said the round was on him, I smiled and thanked him and he said it was his pleasure. We got to the table and I introduced Ed and Lisa to each other.

The three of us sat for a while talking and drinking, watching those that had gotten on the dance floor. I could feel the effects of the alcohol as I realized I was sitting in my chair moving to the music. It seems that both Ed & Lisa also noticed. Ed suggested Lisa and I go have some fun on the dance floor. I was ready and Lisa said she would love to dance. I remembered that I had only one small button straining to keep my shirt closed started buttoning a few others when Ed reached over grabbed my hand and pulled it away from my shirt.

He said I should leave things as they are. So Lisa and I hit the dance floor with me wondering if that one little button would hold my shirt closed. I was relieved and I must admit a bit disappointed that the button held through a few songs. The DJ went to take a short break and Lisa and I returned to the table where Ed was looking at his empty beer.

The waitress seemed to be very busy as all the tables were occupied now, so Ed said I should go to the bar for our drinks. Just before I stood up to go to the bar Ed reached over and undid the last button on my top. Surprisingly the top stayed closed enough to barely cover my nipples but much of my breasts were exposed. As I went to move so did the top falling to the sides and exposing my breasts totally to anyone looking my way.

My automatic response was to grab both sides of the top and pull it closed over my breasts. However when I let it go there I was totally bare breasted again. Ed told me to relax and go get our drinks. All eyes were on me as I walked slowly to the bar my tits bouncing freely . There were a few disapproving looks from a few women who were probably with their husbands or boyfriends and didn't approve of my exposed breasts.

The bartender got our drinks and of course would take no money as he openly stared at my bare tits, nipples so very hard and erect from the excitement of being exposed like this. I made my way back to the table, tits bouncing . I could see a big grin on Ed's face as I neared our table. He was enjoying this. It appeared to me that Lisa was also enjoying it but I could not be sure.

It was not long before the DJ returned and Lisa suggested we go dance some more. I said I would love to but wondered if I had the nerve to go out on the dance floor and not close at least on button on my top. I said ok let's get out there. I told Ed that I would leave my top open but that I couldn't be sure I could leave it open while dancing.

I noticed Ed and Lisa sort of smile at each other but thought nothing of it. Ed told me to relax another minute and have a few more sips of my drink before going to dance. He then began leaning toward me and it was only then I saw something shiny in his hand. He had small pair of scissors in his hand and he quickly snipped all the buttons off of my top.

Now I had no way of keeping my shirt closed. Lisa grabbed my hand and pulled me toward the dance floor. We began to dance with my tits bouncing wildly. The DJ was in a booth that was raised a bit above the dance floor so he had a great view of my bare tits bouncing as we danced. As the song ended a new one started and this one was much faster. I glanced up at the booth and he gave me a big grin and a wink.

We danced to a few more songs and I was feeling pretty comfortable even with my breasts bared and bouncing for all to see. I must admit I was feeling very excited being exposed as I was out in a public bar. We decided to take a short rest from dancing and sit for a few minutes and sip our drinks. I no longer thought about how my tits were hanging out and hardly noticed the other customers watching me.

It was about time for another trip to the ladies room. As Lisa and I got up to go Ed stopped me, pulled me closer and grabbed the hem of my skirt on my right side. He then cut a slit up the side of my skirt almost to my hip . He then told me to turn around and he did the same on the other side. Now when I walked my legs were exposed almost to my hip and if I leaned forward my skirt would fall away from my body exposing my pussy. Now I knew why Ed had chosen this outfit. He knew I would not be upset if he cut it up some.

Lisa and I walked to the ladies room my tits bare and bouncing , the slit in my skirt opening and flashing much of my legs. I was feeling flushed from the excitement of being exposed like this in front of so many strangers. Lisa asked me in the ladies room what was going on and I explained about my desire to be naked in public and that Ed was helping me fulfill my fantasies. Lisa said that she could never do it herself but that she was enjoying watching me.

I looked and could not believe what I saw in the mirror, me standing there with my tits hanging out. We went back to the table and had a few sips of our drinks before we headed back to dance some more. Ed decided to do a bit more trimming and grabbed the front of my skirt and cut across from one side to the other only about 6 inches below my pussy. Now not only was it slit almost to my hips on both sides the front was only inches below my pussy. Now for sure if we danced to a fast song my skirt would be bouncing enough to give people glances of my pussy.


Weekend Adventure Ch. 02

It was beginning to get late and Ed knew that the DJ would be done within the hour. He told Lisa and I to go dance for a song or two and then come back to the table. So out on the dance floor we were. My shirt was hanging open my tits totally exposed and my skirt was slit on both sides almost to my waist. It was also cut so short in the front it barely covered my pussy when standing still, so of course I was exposed much of the time on the dance floor.

We danced to a couple of songs and went back to the table. I could barely contain my excitement being so exposed in front of so many people. I wondered if this is how the night would end. I thought I will have to leave the bar and go out in the cold like this with my tits bare and my skirt so short.

We sat down to relax a few minutes as the DJ said he was going to take a short break and then play for the last half hour or so till closing. I thought it might be a good idea to make visit to the ladies room while we waited for the music to begin again. Ed told me to take my top off and go to the ladies room completely topless. I thought to myself, I can't, do that here.

I know my shirt was really not covering me but it still made me feel like I was wearing something if that makes sense. Taking it off totally would make me realize I was really exposed. I know it's not rational but it made sense to me. Well Ed insisted and so reluctantly I slid my poor little shirt off my shoulders and handed it to Ed.

I was sure I would get it back before we left the bar so I could at least hold it closed as we walked to the car and then back through the hotel and to our room. So off we went to the ladies room, all eyes watching me as I walked completely topless and showing lots of leg and I am sure some pussy . I was thrilled at all of the attention and thought what a great night this had been and how sad that it was coming to an end.

I was already thinking ahead to my next adventure and how I hoped it would be even better because maybe I could be even bolder and be more exposed in public. Ok well back to the table we headed and sat for just a few minutes before the DJ returned. I didn't see my shirt anywhere but figured Ed had it in his pocket so as not to lose it. I was very brave now, I had enough to drink and was feeling pretty good about being topless . So out to the dance floor we went.

Lisa and I really enjoyed ourselves out there. I happened to look toward the DJ booth and saw Ed talking to the DJ. We finished dancing to the song and went back to the table to get a sip of our drinks. It was then I asked Ed where he had put my shirt, and as I suspected he had it in his pocket. So I felt a little relieved, until he took the shirt out of his pocket and I saw it was cut into small pieces. Now I had mixed feelings, I was excited but yet so nervous realizing that I would have to leave the bar and walk out in the cold then through the hotel parking deck, lobby and topless.

I was just ready to protest a bit when the DJ said there had been a request made for a slow song to end the night. Just then Ed took my hand and led me to the dance floor. He put his arms around me just above my waist as we swayed to the music. I was very relaxed my bare breasts pressed firmly against his chest. I could feel his hands roaming over my ass and then up to my waist. I was somewhat tipsy and so relaxed that at first I didn't notice the tug at my waistband but suddenly I realized I was naked.

Ed had tugged and ripped the small bit of fabric holding my skirt together and was holding it in his hand. Sheer panic struck, I was totally naked on the dance floor of a bar. Well I thought at least I will be able top tie the two ends of the waistband together enough to wear it back to the hotel. I would have to remain topless but that was better than having nothing on until we were back in our room.

As we danced the last dance Ed tossed my shirt over to Lisa sitting at the table. I hoped that maybe she would have a safety pin or maybe we could tie the skirt closed so I could slip it on when we got back to the table. I was ok for now I was pressed up against Ed and so my pussy was covered by his body and everyone could only see that I was totally naked from the back.

The song ended and I tried my best to cover my pussy with my hand as we headed back to the table. Then the light were turned up and now everyone could see I was totally naked. What a turn on it was but I was still looking forward to at least putting my skirt back on so I would be somewhat covered.

We got back to the table and I saw my poor shirt there in pieces, then I realized my skirt was in pieces now also. Lisa was sitting there with a big grin holding the scissors, she had cut my skirt to into pieces now I was totally naked and had nothing at all to wear. It was then that Ed told me that he knew Lisa and had enlisted her to help him out tonight. I had been setup and I really couldn't get mad because I had brought Ed in to do just what he did.

I guess I didn't expect him to be so damn good at it. So now what do I do, I'm naked in a bar miles from the hotel, it's only about 35 degrees outside. Lisa said she had to go and off she went. Everyone in the bar was watching me. I looked at my cut up clothes and nearly cried. I was overwhelmed with so many emotions. I was angry at Ed for going this far, I was upset with myself for allowing this to happen, I was nervous thinking that I will surely get arrested for indecent exposure before we get back to our hotel room.

All of this and I was also very excited at the prospect of having to walk past all of the customers in the bar and out into the cold night air and to the car for the ride back to the hotel. Then I would of course have to walk through the parking deck and the lobby to get to the elevator to go back to our room. Ed told me to wait in the bar while he went out to start the car. I told him I was not going to stay in the bar naked without him.

He said it was quite cold out but I chose to suffer in the cold rather than stay in the bar alone. We walked toward the door and it seemed as though no one could believe I was going to walk out into the mid 30 degree weather naked. I took a deep breath and out we went. The minute I was outside my nipples popped up and I was covered in goose bumps.

It was very cold out and I thought for sure I would freeze to death. We got in the car and Ed got it started and turned the heat on immediately. I looked over at Ed all nice and warm in his clothes and coat, while I sat in a cold car naked and freezing. The grin on his face said it all, he was pleased with the way things had gone up to this point.

The heat finally began to warm me up as Ed took a slow ride to the hotel. We finally reached the hotel and Ed made sure he parked as far as possible from the entrance. We got out and started the long walk to the elevator to take us down to the hotel entrance.

I was freezing but still so very turned on by how I had been naked in a bar and now walking through the hotel parking deck, thinking how security must have me on camera. I began to wonder if security would be waiting for me to try and enter the hotel and stop me or were they simply enjoying the scene on the camera. We made it onto the elevator and got down to the hotel entrance.

I thought that we would go unnoticed since it was rather late. I was very wrong the lobby was busy. The looks on some of the people were priceless when they saw me walk in from the cold wearing only my heels and some jewelry. Ed suggested a cup of coffee and I said that we could have it brought to the room but he had another idea. He grabbed my arm and guided me to the small restaurant. It was almost empty, we walked in and the few people in there began to stare at me. I thought we would get coffee to go but Ed sat at a table.

I thought there is no way that we will be served with me baring all, but once again I was wrong. A waitress came over looked me up and down, I could not tell if she was disgusted or admired me. We ordered coffee and I sat there naked drinking my coffee while people just seemed to look in disbelief. We were done in a few minutes and now I began to worry about getting stopped in the lobby> I saw everyone looking at me including security but since no one really seemed to be bothered by my nudity no one said a word. We got on the elevator for an uneventful ride up to our floor.

Soon we were back in the room and I was unsure if I should scream at Ed for going as far as he did or if I should just take a hot shower and think about the evening. I chose the latter. I went in and took a hot shower and masturbated thinking about the events of the evening. I thought this is only Friday, what will happen tomorrow.

I had an amazing orgasm while recounting all that had happened. What have I done choosing this man? How far would he go and could I possibly go as far as he would want me to? Well I wanted someone who would not give in to my objections and I sure found him. Life is going to be very interesting from here on.I woke up on Saturday morning thinking about the events of Friday night . I never thought that I would have the courage to be as exposed as I had been in the bar and the areas of the hotel.

I said good morning to Ed and he told me breakfast was ordered and that it would be delivered soon. I decoded to jump in the shower not even noticing the lack of towels in the bathroom before entering the shower. It was only when I stepped out of the shower that I saw there were no towels. Dripping wet I went out to ask Ed what had happened to all the towels. He told me he loved women all wet and naked.

He took the towels so I would have no choice but to come out of naked and wet. He told me that he had heard a thump outside the door, which probably meant the morning paper had been delivered.I was told to I please reach out and get the paper for him. Now he was almost as close to the door as I was but I said yes I would. I opened the door and looked each way seeing no one.

The paper was far enough away from the door that I could not reach it without taking a step or two out. I checked both directions again and still saw no one. Why I was so worried about being seen I don't know. After all I had been naked on the dance floor of a bar and had walked through the hotel lobby naked only a few hours before. Well anyway the hallway was clear and I stepped out to reach for the paper. I took a second step, bent down got the paper in my hand and heard the door close behind me.

I stood up , turned and reached for the doorknob, as I suspected the door was locked. He planned this, of that I had no doubt. The paper was just too far away from the door, I should have known something was up. I banged on the door and asked Ed to please let me in, but there was no response. So there I was wet and naked out in the hallway when I heard the bell on the elevator. I had nowhere to go, all I could do was stand there knocking on the door in hopes that Ed would let me in.

It was not long before the room service waiter appeared with our breakfast. I put a hand over my pussy and explained that I was the victim of a prank. He just smiled and nodded then he knocked on the door and announced room service. The door soon opened and we both entered the room, Ed looked at me with a sly grin on his face .

I walked past him and into my bedroom as he tipped the waiter and made some remark about my ass. I waited until I heard the door close and went out still naked to have breakfast. I could tell Ed was quite proud of himself and I must admit I was feeling a bit turned on after that little incident.

We had breakfast and then Ed said we would go out for a drive and check out the area. He told me that the dress he wanted me to wear was laying out on the bed. The dress was one that buttons all the way up from the hem to just above my breasts. It had a v-neck but one that was not to deep. You could show a lot of thigh or just a little depending on how far down you buttoned the dress.

I had buttoned about 3 buttons below my pussy so when I walked a good amount of my thigh was visible. Ed of course told me to unbutton two more buttons so that my pussy was almost visible as I walked. Once again I loved the attention as I took long strides walking through the lobby so that my dress opened to just below my pussy. It was still pretty cold out and once again I had no coat with me. I also noticed that Ed had no bag or anything so unless he had already put clothes in the car all I had was the dress I was wearing with nothing under it but me.

We got out into the parking deck and again the cold air made my nipples stand out . I knew once in the car that the heat would keep me warm. I could not believe how far we had to walk to the car and I thought about how I had made that walk naked just hours ago. Thoughts of the night before once again began to make me excited and I wondered what today would bring. We were in the car and Ed told me to unbutton my dress completely so that any truckers or those in the higher sport utility vehicles could get a good look at me.

I had made a few truckers happy as Ed saw a small store and pulled in using the excuse that he was thirsty. He told me to go in and get him a drink while he looked at a map of the area. I began to button my dress and he told me to leave it open. I began to protest but he said would I prefer to go in with no dress at all? So I of course left my dress undone and stepped out of the car. My dress flowed behind me as I walked to the entrance leaving me fully exposed in front. Anyone looking would get a good look at my exposed tits and pussy.

As I entered the store my dress began to fall closed and if I was careful how I moved I could get in and out without exposing too much. It was very obvious that my dress was completely unbuttoned and I could see the clerk straining to get a look at some of my good parts. My dress parted enough for him to see my cleavage but not much else. I walked out to go to the car and once again my dress followed behind me. I could hear the catcalls from a car parked near ours. I could feel myself once again feeling excited.

It was now early afternoon and Ed suggested we see a movie to pass sometime. We found the theatre and Ed had me to button only one button near my belly button so that my dress was open all the way down to that button. I walked slowly so as not to expose to much of my lower region as we walked through the lobby.

The theatre was not very crowded and we took a seat down near the front and in the center. Soon after the movie started Ed told me to take my dress off. I looked around and saw there were no people very near us and it was not a movie that would attract kids. I looked around one more time, undid the one button holding my dress closed and took it off. How exciting to be in a public movie house naked, even though no one could see me, it still excited me very much.

We watched the movie without incident, me being excited just at being naked. When it seemed like the movie was nearing the end Ed said he needed to go to the restroom. I was enjoying the movie as Ed took the walk to the restroom. It was a few minutes later when the credits began to roll and I knew the house lights would soon come on. I realized Ed had not yet returned and figured he had seen the movie ending and would be waiting for me in the lobby.

I looked over at his seat and that overwhelming feeling of panic set in as I realized my dress was gone. The son of a bitch had taken my dress with him and left me in the theatre naked. The house lights were now coming on and I slumped a bit in my seat thinking he would come back any minute laughing at his little joke. Minutes passed and I suddenly realized Ed was not coming back for me.

The house lights in the theatre are now all on and I am still waiting for Ed's little joke to end. There are a few stragglers leaving their seats and one looks over at me. As much as I tried I could not hide myself enough and he could tell I was wearing very little clothing if any at all. He elbowed the female with him and she looked my way , shook her head and pulled him up the aisle. I needed to make a decision and soon. I wondered was Ed just letting me sweat a bit, was he in the lobby waiting for me to appear naked from the theatre.

I was sure he would be with one or more theatre employees waiting to see me try and get out of this. I thought he made some deal with the manager or something and once I appeared naked in the lobby I would b given my clothes and off we would go. I think it was because I was so mad, and anxious to give him hell that it was easy for me to get up and start toward the lobby. Now you have to understand that we had parked the car in a small lot about a half block or so from the movie house. I was quite cold during the walk to the theatre as I had no coat and only my dress on me. Well anyhow the theatre was empty and I thought the worst thing now would be running into an usher or a cleaner checking the place before the next show. I knew there would not be a crowd waiting for the next showing as it was much to early . As I approached the door to the lobby I still hoped to see Ed appear but no such luck.

So fine I thought I will peek into the lobby and see Ed there and I will step out and he will laugh and end of story. I can't explain the flood of emotions I felt when I peeked out into the lobby and saw an usher but no Ed. Now I began to panic, where was Ed? Was he just outside, or in the car? Was the car still there? What if he left me totally to find my way back to the hotel. If that were what he did and I made it back I know I would kill him somehow, some way he would never see daylight again.

Well I couldn't stay here forever as much as I wanted to, so I took a deep breath and stepped out into the lobby. The usher, a young college aged kid stared in disbelief. After the shock wore off he asked if anything had happened in the theatre and if I was ok. Once again I used the "victim of a prank" excuse and said that my funny husband was right outside waiting for me.

He said it was much too cold for me to go outside in my condition but I said if I don't then something like this or maybe worse would happen. So I bravely made my way to the door, opened it and stepped out into the very brisk day. I looked there was no Ed to be seen anywhere, my last hope was that he was in the car. If I got near the lot and the car was gone I would have to hurry back to the theatre and ask the usher for help. I was covered in goose bumps and my nipples were just so hard and standing out.


I hurried as fast I could down the street and prayed that when I looked around the corner I would not only see the car, but also see Ed in it keeping it warmed up. I was scared now, when I had been naked before I was nervous and turned on but now it was just plain fear. I reached the corner and there was the car. I could see it was running, Ed was sitting behind the wheel. I reached the car and was so furious but so cold. I got in and sat, teeth chattering so many thoughts. After a few minutes I began to warm up. I looked over at Ed, he knew I was pissed.

I just glared at him for a moment then I screamed, " Are you fucking crazy"? He smiled and said you wanted me to push you to limits you never thought you could endure. He told me that he had told the usher about the situation and so I was never in any danger. He then asked me if I was excited at all during any of this. I thought about it all and realized I had been very excited, much of the time. I had been scared, that's for sure but how thrilling to know that I was a block maybe even miles from my clothes.

Wow to be left there naked, having to walk outside in the cold and to the car naked. Wondering if the car would even be there when I got there. Well Ed finally did give me my dress after we parked the car back at the hotel. I must admit I was hoping I would not see any of my clothes until we were back in our hotel room. I did only button two buttons so everyone got quite a show as I walked through the hotel to the elevator and back to our room.

Now back in our room I asked Ed what the hell did he think he was doing. He told me that he was only doing what I had asked of him. He said that he always had things planned out and that although he would sometimes be out of my sight that I would never be in any danger. He would always be looking out for me one way or another. he told me I needed to trust him completely and if I didn't that this would have to end. He told me to think it over and let him know if we were to continue.

I took a shower and while in there enjoying the hot water, I began to think about all that has happened to me recently. How I had gone from someone curious about being naked and staying in the safe confines of my home to someone who was totally naked in a bar full of strangers. I was getting so excited recounting all my feelings and thoughts and events. It was long before my hand was down between my legs bringing me to a tremendous orgasm. I knew that it was the result of the feelings of fear, embarrassment, my vulnerability when I was naked and alone. I knew it was because of Ed and I wanted these feelings to continue.

I wanted to be pushed to boldly walk naked, to be looked at and envied and desired. I needed to put my trust in Ed totally. I stepped out of the shower and didn't bother to dry off. I went out and saw Ed sitting there with clothes laid out for me. I told him that I trusted him completely and that I would do as he said. He told me we need to have a drink to celebrate, but we need ice. I didn't give it a second thought I grabbed the ice bucket, went out the door and down the hall naked and wet.

I met a few other hotel guests, I simply smiled and said hello, as if nothing was unusual. Back to the room, we had a drink and talked about the day. I told him all of my feelings and thanked him for making me feel alive and happy. We had our drinks and I went to get dressed. I came out wearing another one of my skirts that has buttons down both sides so you can decide how much leg to show and another crop top that buttons down the front. It was cut low and showed a lot of cleavage. I thought to myself that I liked this outfit and was going to hate seeing it cut up. I mentioned it to Ed and he assured me it would not be cut up.

I was relieved but then wondered what is he up to this time. I was told to button only the first few buttons on each side of my skirt. So as I walked my legs were bared to the tops of my thighs.. The top was buttoned all the way but still came to just below my breasts and was low cut. We went and had dinner which was pretty uneventful. I had my skirt between my legs so that lots of leg was bared to anyone who looked. The waiter couldn't keep his eyes off my legs each time he came to our table. We finished dinner and headed to the car.

Once again the weather was cold, it had to be maybe 35 degrees or even colder. There I was walking through the parking deck, legs flashing, belly bare, no coat and freezing. I asked Ed where we were off to and he said he had found a little local bar that had a pool table and was told it had a nice crowd on weekends. I like to shoot pool, enjoy seeing what songs an old jukebox may have on it and looked forward to a great evening.

The place looked small from the outside but was surprisingly big once inside. Again I got some funny looks as I walked in from the cold half bare and no coat. They had some of the small high tables over near the pool table with bar stools to sit on. When I tried to sit I am sure I gave someone a nice view but that's fine. I was sure or at least hoping that they would be seeing more of me later somehow.

This time Ed went over and got us some drinks, chatting with the bartender as he waited for them. Ed brought the drinks back and after a few minutes I said I wanted to go check out the tunes on the jukebox. There was nothing very recent but some good older songs that I would enjoy. I picked out a group of songs as I noticed I was being eyed up by some of the guys in the place. I was standing so that the slits on my skirt were open enough to show a good bit of skin. This was getting the attention of the guys .

I was watched as I walked back to our table and knew they all hoped to see something more when I went to get onto the bar stool. I think a few may have gotten a quick flash which seemed to keep them interested. I love to shoot pool and so Ed asked me if I would like to play. I of course accepted and although I tried my best I lost the few games we played to Ed. There was a guy who had come over and put some quarters on the table to mark his turn. So I went back to sit at our table which was only a few steps away from the pool table.

The guy asked Ed if he wanted to play for drinks and Ed of course agreed. It was not long before he was up buying us a round of drinks. They played another couple of games and I think Ed lost one of them. It seemed the guy was either getting better from the drinks or he was going to try and hustle Ed. Well before long the guy challenged Ed to a game for $50 which he readily accepted. It was a close game but Ed lost when the cue fell into a pocket after shooting the eight ball. I knew Ed hated to lose and fully expected him to challenge this guy to another $50 game.

It seems Ed had other ideas as I should have known. Ed said if he won that he would get his $50 back but if he lost my woman here will take her shirt off and leave it off. Well I knew it was about to start for me again. I was ok with this as I had been naked in a bar before and I was only going to be topless anyway, if Ed lost. Well not surprisingly I was soon unbuttoning my top, as everyone watched. I had told Ed earlier that I was still pretty pissed about him leaving me in the movie so he assured me that he would not leave me alone tonight which made me feel better.

I sat there with my blouse unbuttoned, took a sip of my drink for courage, took off my top and placed it on the table. The next game was played for drinks as I was getting thirsty and soon I was told to go to the bar and get our drinks as Ed gave me the money. My nipples were standing at attention as I anticipated my walk to the bar with my bare and bouncing boobs, all eyes on me. I stood up showing a lot of leg and walked over to the bar.

Naturally the bartender had a big smile on his face as I approached. He made no attempt to avert his eyes from my jiggling tits and I made no attempt to cover them. I got our drinks took them back over and sat down again. No sooner had I sat down when Ed called me over by him. He gave me some money for the jukebox and undid all but one button at the top of my skirt on the one side. Now when I walked my skirt opened on the one side all the way to my hip. If I leaned over enough while selecting songs I am sure some folks would get a glimpse of my pussy. I concentrated on picking music and paid little attention to the game.

I saw that it was another close game as I went back to the table I asked Ed if they were playing for more drinks. He said no we are playing for your skirt. he said if he lost I would have to stay naked for the rest of the night there. I could feel my nipples grow a bit more and could feel that very familiar sensation between my legs as I thought about being naked once again in a bar full of strangers of whom most were men.

Well I thought this will be easy, I can sit here naked all night, no problem. I'll get dressed before we leave and be very excited thinking about what had occurred. I was beginning to wonder if he was losing on purpose because I soon was standing up undoing the last button that held my skirt up and there I was naked in just my heels again.. My skirt was on the table now with my top. I was relieved when I asked Ed if he had any scissors he laughed and said no honey I don't. Well that was a relief anyway and I was so enjoying being the main attraction. As the night went on I was told to go get us drinks, play music and dance some for the crowd.

I was telling Ed I hated him but deep down I was ecstatic and so turned on by this. I felt safe because he had not left me and I could really enjoy it all. I did feel chilled from time to time but over in the corner there was a fire in the fireplace where I could go to warm up. I was on cloud nine, all eyes watching me as I stayed naked the whole night.

It was getting a bit late and we were going to get going soon. It was then that they agreed to one last game. I was about ready to get dressed and get back to the hotel. They talked about the stakes of the game and Ed said if he lost the guy could decide the fate of my clothes. I could get them back or not, I could get the top but not the skirt or the skirt but not the top. I was horrified, it was so cold out now I was sure if the guy won that after a bit of teasing I would get my clothes back.

As it was they were barely enough to keep me warm. Well the game seemed to last forever as I sat hoping that Ed would win or at least that this guy would feel sorry for me and give me my clothes. At last the end of the game, I sat in disbelief as Ed handed my skirt and top to the guy telling him he could give me all, part or none of them back. He contemplated his decision out loud thinking what a turn on to see me walk out into the cold night with just my shirt on . As he thought more about he said he knew that we had extra clothes in the car so I could get dressed. He was assured by Ed that there was no place I could get anything to cover me if my clothes were gone.

This seemed to really excite this guy and me as well. He said well if she walks out of here naked and you have her clothes she will get dressed . So we tried to assure him that if Ed said I would not get dressed that I surely wouldn't. It seems that it is not only me that is very turned on at the thought of being naked with no clothes available to cover myself. The guys seem to love knowing that a woman is naked and has no way to cover herself. He finally said that he wanted me to agree to stay totally naked. We agreed , well I should say Ed agreed. I protested saying that it had to be very cold out now and how could I possibly be seen walking into the hotel from outside naked in weather that was barely above freezing.

I really wanted my clothes as little as they were but no luck. I pleaded with the guy one more time, for him to please give me my clothes. I even went as far as to offer to let him feel my tits and pussy in return for my clothes but he said no deal. Well the moment of truth had arrived it was time to go. I was enjoying the warmth of the fire before stepping out into the freezing night. We said goodnight and I tried once more to get him to give me my clothes but he said no and that he did trust us to keep me naked for the trip back to the hotel.

It happened so fast , I had no time to react. As the guy started to hand my clothes to Ed he quickly switched direction of his arm and my clothes were in the fireplace. It is incredible how fast clothing ignites. In a matter of seconds my clothes were history. Now there was no option for me once again. I have to admit that the thought of being naked and cold is a huge turn on for me but it also frightens me We walked toward the door to the astonished looks of those still at the bar.

They as well as I could not believe I was going to walk out into the freezing night naked. As the door opened I could feel the freezing air rush across my body and I was immediately covered in goose bumps. It was then I saw that it was snowing out. I was going to freeze to death. We stepped outside and a crowd of people came to the door to watch me walk naked in the snow and freezing cold. Once at the car Ed took the time to wave and smile at all watching us, he then slowly got in, started the car and then opened my door to let me in. I looked to see if just maybe there was something in the back to wear but I should know better.

We pretty much followed the same routine as the previous night. I walked naked from the farthest corner of the parking deck and into the hotel. We went to the coffee shop as I felt myself being stared at by all those around. It was earlier than the night before and so many more people were milling about. I watched hotel security watch me walk past and waited to be stopped but nothing happened. We went into the coffee shop and sat at a table just as before.

The same waitress came over and smiled, this time she asked why I am naked every time I am there. Ed told her that it was a little game we play and that I always lose. If only she knew that deep inside I knew I was winning. We finished our coffee and I walked boldly out and to the elevator, smiling and saying hello to all who looked. I went in to take a nice hot shower and masturbated till I came.

The next day Ed checked us out and then he came back to the room to get me. I left the room naked and stayed that way for the entire ride home. It was not as exciting as I knew that I did have some clothes in my bag that was in the trunk. I hope someday to leave my house naked, with no clothes for an overnight stay. I am sure with Ed around that will happen sooner than later.

Nikki 
