New Girl put In her Place
by gwentman

New Girl put In her Place Part 1.

Josie was 14 years of age, slim build with brown mousy hair. Slightly built but a bit of a tomboy. Her weakness was that she felt a bit self conscious about her relatively small breasts. Most people would say that she was not much of a girly girl generally wearing trousers and dark clothes. Yet she was quite assertive and led a group of girls like herself at school who many pupils felt a bit intimidated by. Due to her confidence and her girl gang she was popular with boys in her year they seemed to be drawn to her confidence and assertiveness. Recently she had with her two best girlfriends Mary and Lisa got one of the weakest boys in her year to drop his pants and let them see his willy and little balls. Josie and her friends had found this very funny. She enjoyed her popularity with the girls and boys at her school. It was really important to her that she was liked and was the center of attention. Everything in Josie's world was fine until the new girl Catherine had joined their class mid way through the spring term.

Catherine was everything Josie was not. She was very mature for her 14 years of age. She had a more developed body, with quite large breasts for her age and a well formed butt. Not like Josie's virtually flat bottom which she was always hoping would develop into something more shapely. Catherine had long black hair and always seemed very well turned out and seemed to almost glow with her near perfect clear skin. To make matters worse she seemed quite a nice person and was happy to help out her fellow classmates . Also she was a grade A student and seemed to find all her school work easy. She was everything that Josie was not, who sometimes struggled with her school work and often appeared somewhat scruffy in appearance. Even Josie had to admit that Catherine was a good looking girl and had one hell of a figure for her age. This hardly made Josie feel any better.

From the minute that Catherine had arrived everything had gone wrong. First because she had the biggest tits in the whole year all of the boys had been bemused and could hardly ever take their eyes off her breasts , almost following her around with puppy dog eyes. Grateful to get her attention and blushing if she spoke to them. Three of Josie's best male friends Matt, Joe and Luke had deserted her company and now hung around Catherine and she could see that they were mesmerized by this new girls body and probably dream't of her and more each night. Even many of the girls sought advice on make up and clothes from her. Even worse again when Josie had tried to be a friend, Catherine had not been that interested. Then why would she want to be when everybody else was already eating out of her hand. In about 3 weeks Josie and her two friends Mary and Lisa had gone from being top dogs to virtual outsiders. Josie felt that Catherine was to proud and snooty to mix with her and her friends. To date she felt that this had been the worst 3 weeks of her life , she had never been so ignored in her young life.

They just had to do something that would bring Catherine down a peg or two but would not make them unpopular with their particular year group. Initially it was Lisa that started Josie thinking about what could be done. Lisa kept asking what was so special about Catherine and what initially drew people to her. All three girls decided that it was her large breasts for her age. This was certainly true of all of the boys in their class , even though she had many qualities it was her large breasts for her age that people noticed first. It came to Josie after some thought that they should lure Catherine somewhere secluded and strip her totally above the waist , exposing her tits and getting photo's and video's. Also that this should be done in front of some of the boys as this would make the situation more humiliating for Catherine that even boys would see her upper intimate parts exposed. By securing photo's and video's of the event they could then blackmail Catherine by threatening her that these would be shown to the rest of the school unless she followed their every instruction. Yet because of Catherine's popularity how were they going to get some of the boys to join in?

All three girls started a campaign by starting to engage Matt, Joe and Luke in conversations about Catherine's tits . About how much they liked them, how wonderful they looked and how wonderful it would be if they could see them exposed in all their glory and would they really like to see them bared. Josie and her friends knew they had to be patient in planting the idea of their plan into the boys heads. Initially the boys denied even noticing Catherine's breasts, which was so funny. After a few weeks the boys admitted that they had noticed them and that they were impressive. The last part was the hardest but after several weeks it was clear that Matt, Luke and Joe were getting quite preoccupied about actually seeing Catherine's bare breasts. Yet the boys were reluctant to take any kind of lead, which suited Josie as she wanted to remain in control of the whole process. She was confident that Mary, Lisa and herself could overpower Catherine and get her naked to the waist. The boys did not want to be seen to initiate stripping a female classmate topless but were increasingly happy with being present once the girls had done so. They still hung around Catherine but started to spend some time again with Josie , Mary and Lisa. Josie was confident that they would not tell Catherine of her plan as they would miss out on seeing this wonderfully attractive girl topless. She partly admitted with all this talk she was getting quite excited herself about seeing this girls titie's and wondered what size nipples she had. Luke who Josie thought was the best looking of her three male friends was adamant that Catherine would only be stripped topless. She wondered how attached he might be to Catherine and felt a pang of jealousy. Josie was able to inform him that Catherine would only be stripped topless, this was her plan but what did he think she was, although being very much a tomboy she was not a lesbian. Throughout the time they had been encouraging the boys the three girls had been taking it in turns to scout out Catherine's movements after school and the unsuspecting girls route home.

This had been much easier as they discovered that Catherine cut through a path that went through the woods at the back of the school as a short cut home. She was not alone in this as some other pupils did . But she was the only one that went that way from their class and thus walked home alone. All three girls were quite happy when they found this out. They were beginning to believe that they could actually ,for real execute their plan and become the most important people in class again.
Such was their desire to make this work that all three of them gave up a Saturday morning to walk the route and research the best place for an ambush where they could overpower their unknowing victim. During their Saturday morning walk they discovered the ideal place, part way along the path there was a hollow that they could push Catherine into, pin her down and strip her topless. All of them decided that they had to go ahead and pull this girl down a peg or two and also they would loose all credibility with Matt, Joe and Luke if they did not, now that they had engaged the boys excitement of seeing a classmates bare breasts. Josie knew that other pupils walked this path as a short cut home and secretly hoped that some of these pupils would see Catherine topless as this would add to the girls humiliation.

Josie and her two girlfriends started referring to their plan as, 'The Event' and passed this as a kind of code word on to Matt, Joe and Luke to be able to let them know when the stripping would take place. The girls decided that the stripping should be the end of the school week on a Friday after school. Josie met with Matt, Joe and Luke and gave them the heads up and emphasized that they needed to make sure they waited about 10 minutes before following Catherine along the path into the woods. Josie wanted to make sure that Catherine did not spot the boys following her as this would arouse her suspicion and she may turn back and weeks of planning would be wasted . Also there may never be a better opportunity.

Once Friday came round Josie, Mary and Lisa skipped the last class of the day so they could get into position. It was a really hot day and as they had some time to wait they got themselves a bottle of coke each to enjoy. Mary and Lisa waited at the bottom of the hollow, while Josie positioned herself further up the path hidden just out of sight. For what seemed an age Josie waited and she began to wonder if for some reason Catherine had changed her usual plans or had one of the boys tipped her off. Then while remaining out of sight she could see Catherine coming along the path and she would soon pass her hiding place. Due to the hot weather Catherine had her blazer draped over one arm and a rucksack on her back. She was wearing a white buttoned blouse, loosened school tie, a blue skirt that fell just above the knee ,white socks and slip on black shoes. Josie felt her heart beating faster and watched as a contented Catherine passed her hiding place. As soon as she did Josie stepped out on the path behind her and quickly walked up behind her until she got level.

' Hi Cath how are you ? '

' Woh Josie what are you doing here you never come this way'. Josie wanted to take control straight away and responded in her most assertive manner.

' What are you saying . That I should not be here' . Straight away Catherine got a bit submissive and responded. ' No of course not I did not mean it that way'. Josie kept the verbal pressure on, ' Suppose you think I should not come this way where the posh houses are. '

' No no Josie that's not what I mean. ' Catherine found Josie a bit rough and aggressive and had been alarmed when she had suddenly appeared from nowhere behind her after all she had never seen her walk this path before. At least Catherine thought her two friends Mary and Lisa were not with her which helped Catherine relax a bit.
' Do you mind if I walk along next to you .' Catherine new that she had very little choice but to agree and gave this sometimes unpredictable classmate her best false smile and replied, ' Sure I would like that. '

As they walked along the path Josie was chatting happily to Catherine asking her how she had settled into the school and what her old school had been like. Josie wanted to distract and relax Catherine as much as possible so that she was totally unprepared for what would happen next as they headed to where the hollow was along the route. Josie made sure that Catherine staid on the side of the path where the hollow was and could not help feeling really good and quite excited that her plan that had been weeks in the planning was about to be put into action. Just as they got to the hollow Catherine looked down and saw Mary and Lisa there but before she could react, Josie pushed her with all her might and loved Catherine letting out a scream as she went rolling down the bank. Josie stood at the top of the path and watched her roll down and get grabbed straight away by Mary and Lisa. Her rucksack was quickly removed and her blazer had already fallen off her arm. Mary quickly had Catherine's arms above her head and with Lisa's support had the girl laying flat on her back , Catherine was shouting at them .

' What are you doing ? Get off me , let me go. '

Josie walked down the bank she did not want to start removing Catherine's blouse until the three boys caught up being about ten minutes behind . Catherine was trying to struggle and Josie noticed how this attractive girl's breasts jiggled. Mary had her arms tightly held above her head and Josie signaled for Lisa to assist her in holding Catherine's legs. They each held a leg.

' What do you think you are doing. ' Catherine called

' Just relax , we just want to play, besides you have not had your initiation ceremony for joining our school. ' Josie replied. Quickly Josie and Lisa removed a shoe each and then removed a sock each and threw them to one side. Josie had hold of one ankle while Lisa held the other. She noticed that she felt excited and a little bit aroused by holding this good looking girls ankle. Then with a nod of her head they both started tickling the soles of Catherine's feet who started wriggling and bucking but could not help but start laughing. Catherine was giggling helpless under their tickling but imploring them.

' Please. please stop I can't take anymore '. After this had gone on for several minutes. Suddenly they were interrupted by Matt's familiar voice.

' O aye what's going on here then? ' as all three boys walked down the bank into the hollow. Josie wondered if the boys had been watching for a moment or two and whether they were aroused as she was by the jiggling of Catherine's tits. Catherine quickly spoke.

' Matt, Joe, Luke please help me they are tormenting me. Make them let me go. ' Joe responded

' That's funny you are laughing your head off. You girls seem to be enjoying yourselves. Anyway its not really our job to interfere in girls business. '

Josie addressed the boys while giving them a knowing wink, ' We are just initiating Catherine into our girls group. You have just arrived as we were moving to stage two. In fact you can help us out by holding her legs so that she can be fully initiated today. She was surprised given his previous reluctance that it was Luke who spoke next.

' Come on guys lets help out we will be doing Cath a favour. The sooner she is initiated the quicker she will be accepted by everybody at school.' So thought Josie he really does fancy this new girl but he was not going to help defend her such was his desire to see her bare above the waist.

' No No please I don't want to be in their girls group. Please just let me go I wont tell anybody what you have done. ' pleaded Catherine.

' Oh I see suppose you think you are too good to be in our girls group. This is also disrespectful of our whole class' Mary fairly spat out with some venom.

' Come on Cath we all like you but we cannot let you disrespect our class. After all you have only been here a few months. ' Matt spoke with some conviction. Josie noticed how all three boys grinned to each other and was confident that all of their conversations with the boys had proved worthwhile. The boys Matt and Joe now took a leg each and Luke replaced Mary in holding Catherine's arms above her head. Lisa noticed that Matt and Joe had spread Catherine's legs further apart and she was sure that they were looking up her skirt peeking at her knickers by the smirks on both their faces. Josie, Mary and Lisa were now free to concentrate on their helpless victim. Catherine continued to plead to be let go but her hazel eyes looked more alarmed now that there were six of her classmates there and any chance of flight was hopeless.

' What are you going to do? You have no right to treat me this way. '

' Yes we do you are the new girl here we give the orders and decide what happens. ' Josie had been dieing to say that since Catherine had joined their school.

There was a bush in the hollow covered with leaves and Mary was breaking six branches off. While Lisa took her phone out and started taking photo's. ' We will need these for the class photo album '

Josie then instructed Matt and Joe to start tickling the soles of Catherine's bare feet again. Straight away the girl started wriggling and giggling again and pleading for them to stop. Josie let this carry on for a few minutes until Catherine shouted, ' Please stop or you will make me wet myself. ' Although the thought of this girl wetting herself in front of all of them appealed to Josie she had other plans for her first and stopped the boys tickling her feet.

' She is so loud lets stop her noise . ' Mary then promptly undid Catherine's tie and despite the girls protests placed it across her mouth and tied it around the back of her head so that it acted as a gag.

' O K , Josie said, ' Lets start the tickling process part two. What part of the body should we choose now? ' She delighted in the alarmed look on the victims face as Catherine kept shaking her head.

' Sorry Cath I can't hear what your saying so I better choose heh? ' Josie sat down next to Catherine and started undoing the buttons on her blouse starting from the top. Catherine started struggling frantically but this would not help her as she was held fast. Josie found the fear in her eyes a real turn on. She slowly and methodically undid each button building up the suspense and enjoying every moment. When she got to the bottom she pulled the part of Catherine's blouse tucked in her skirt out and undid the remaining buttons. All she could hear from Catherine was a mumbling noise because of the gag. Josie pulled her blouse fully apart revealing the girls pristine white lacy bra. Her nipples were covered by the bra but the ample top of her breasts were on show.

' O don't make such a fuss Cath I am sure that you have been on a beach in a bikini.'
Mary handed Josie one of the leaf covered branches and one each for Matt and Joe. Then Josie stood up and started tickling under Catherine's neck with the leaves and moving every other tickle across the top of her barely exposed breasts. Meanwhile Mary was brushing the leaves across Catherine's stomach in a tickling but sensuous way getting closer each time to the top of her skirt waist band and then back again. Both girls noticed how pale and unblemished the new girls skin was. The two boys with the branches Matt and Joe each started using the leaved branches on Catherine's legs, moving them up and down and causing her legs to move. Now Catherine was being stimulated across a wider part of her body and this seemed more of a stimulation than just mere tickling. Josie looked down at the boys and saw that Joe was using the branch up under Catherine's skirt rubbing it up her inner thigh.

' Heh watch out Cath, Joe is looking up your skirt and sticking something up there.' All of the girls laughed.


New Girl put In her Place Part 2.

Catherine was held down flat on her back. Six of her classmates had ambushed her on her way home. Luke had her arms pinned above her head. She could not complain or ask for help because her school tie was being used in her mouth as a gag. Matt and Joe had hold of a leg each and her shoes and socks had been removed. But worst of all Josie had unbuttoned her white blouse and opened it fully so that all of the girls and boys could see her white lacy bra. If this was not bad enough Lisa was taking photo's of the whole situation. While she was held in this helpless position the others were tickling and attempting to stimulate her by slowly using the leaf covered branches Mary had broken off a nearby bush. Josie was focusing on her neck but kept flicking down to the top of Catherine's breasts which she had to admit to herself made her feel a bit strange. Mary was paying attention to her stomach and wandering down to the top of the waistband of her skirt. But the most alarming situation was what Matt and Joe were doing, they had hold of her ankles and had pulled her legs as far apart as her skirt would allow. She was sure that they could see up her skirt and were looking at her knickers. Matt was moving his branch up and down her leg up to her knee and tickling her feet. But Joe had moved his branch up under her skirt and was rubbing the leaves on her inner right thigh and this had gone as far as some leaves touching her most private intimate part on the outside of her knickers. Catherine could feel her cheeks burning and was sure that her face was now bright red.


Josie looked down on her helpless victim with growing satisfaction. She could tell that the boys were getting increasingly aroused but she was a bit puzzled that she was getting a bit wet herself, she had never previously been attracted to another girl. It was now time to proceed with her plan. Josie spoke to the group of classmates. ' Lets turn her over and make sure that we do her back '
Firstly they moved Catherine onto her right side. Josie sat down and undid the button on the cuff of her blouse on her left arm. Catherine was shaking her head again and mumbling into her gag. Josie pulled the sleeve down over Catherine's arm. They then turned her over onto her left side where Mary undid her right arm cuff and pulled her sleeve down over her arm and removed her blouse completely and threw it to one side on the pile of mounting clothes they were removing from her. Josie was loving the power she now had over this beautiful classmate who now was just in her bra,knickers and skirt. Catherine was getting increasingly frantic but was glad when they placed her front down and they were looking at her back and skirt covered bum instead of her just in her bra above the waist . They started touching her with the leafed branches again and Luke again held her arms above her head while Catherine's was facing down into the grass. Josie and Mary started with the branches on her back, tickling and moving them up and down her back. Any hope that Catherine felt about being face down did not last long. Matt and Joe had spread her legs as wide as her skirt would allow again. Matt was now pushing his leaved branch under her skirt and rubbing it against her thigh, while Joe continued to do the same on her other thigh. The leaves sometimes touching her privates over her pants was giving her a strange slight tingly feeling down there.

As Josie was concentrating on Catherine's back and was closest to her head she noticed a slight difference in the girls breathing. She was waiting to build up to the next moment in her tormenting of this girl which she knew would take things to the completion of her plan. She knelt down and said to everybody present. ' I can't do her upper back properly because that stupid strap is in the way.' With this Josie promptly unclipped Catherine's bra strap and pulled her bra down to her elbows. Straight away Catherine felt her bare breasts against the grass. There was further mumbling noises from a gagged Catherine and the girl made a renewed attempt to struggle free but she was securely held fast. Josie looked at the three boys and all seemed to have something of a bulge developing in their groin area. Lisa was still taking photo's and was getting ready to record a video on her phone and Mary's face was a picture of delight. Josie continued to rub and tickle Catherine's back for a few more minutes before saying what Catherine was dreading.

'O k everybody lets turn her back over.

During the process of turning Catherine onto her back again her breasts were now visible and Josie hooked her bra completely off with the leafed branch and threw it on the ever increasing pile of clothes that they had removed from this stunning looking girl. Mary replaced Luke in holding Catherine's arms out stretched above her head ensuring that her bare breasts were fully exposed. All eyes were focused on her naked boobs and everybody was looking at her pink nipples, which Josie noticed were a little bit raised. Josie looked directly into Catherine's eyes and saw the defeated look in the girls expression and frustration of being gagged.

' Wow lovely tits Cath. What do you think boys? Make sure Lisa you get this all on video now.'

In changing places with Luke, Mary had given him the leafed branch that she had been tickling and stimulating this girl with. Josie moved back to Catherine's breasts and began rubbing the leaves around her left nipple. Seeing this Luke followed her lead and began doing the same to her right nipple and breast. They continued this for several minutes and noticed that her nipples were hardening and becoming more erect. Catherine's breathing had become shallower and quicker and she could not help but start to become aroused. Both Josie and Luke continued to focus on Catherine's now increasingly enlarging nipples and it was noticeable that their classmate was no longer shaking her head but was making some very low kind of whimpering noise. Luke was focused totally on her right breast and nipple when he put down the branch and started fondling Catherine's breast with his hand and playing with her nipple between two fingers. This was now going much further than Josie and the girls had planned. Josie looked at Catherine but she was not shaking her head frantically and protesting into her gag anymore, but had her eyes closed and her breathing had quickened again. She was also pretty certain that Luke had never even touched a girls breast before. Neither had Josie but she now put her branch down and copied Luke and starting feeling Catherine's left breast, suddenly she was squeezing this girls much larger breast than her own and tugging at her nipple. Josie was now quite wet and was beginning to wonder if she really did have lesbian tendencies but she was also excited by watching what Luke was doing with Catherine's other breast and kept glancing at his groin where an obvious bulge could be seen and thought how much she would like to see his cock and balls, especially when erect.

Matt and Joe had continued to use their leafed branches on Catherine's inner thighs but were limited because they could only have the movement in respect of how far her skirt would allow them to spread her legs. When they saw Josie and Luke now using their hands on Catherine's boobs and nipples they felt emboldened themselves . Initially they both put their branches down and Joe pulled her bare legs closer together to be able to hold them on his own. Matt moved up to the waistband of Catherine's skirt and undid the button on the side of her skirt and then pulled down the zip at the side loosening it. He then proceeded to put his hands inside the waistband and started pulling her skirt down. Her white lacy knickers started coming into view and Josie glanced down and noticed that Catherine had been wearing a matching bra and pants set. Matt continued to slowly pull down Catherine's skirt he was being quite careful as he did not want to be responsible for pulling her knickers off by accident. Though he thought to himself he really wanted to see this girls most intimate sexual area, to view her vagina and examine it as closely as possible. He eased the skirt down over her knickers which were clearly now on show and when it got to her knees Joe pulled her skirt down over her feet and threw it onto the increasing pile of clothes. Matt returned to holding Catherine's left ankle and at a glance to Joe they pulled her legs as far apart as they would go. Both boys then started to take it in turns to tickle and stimulate her crutch area with their leafed branches, wanting to stimulate the center of her sex. Mary was delighted ,

' Yes boys that's what I call tickling a girls fancy. '

Lisa was now filming everything on her phone and like everybody else was getting increasingly excited. Catherine had only ever pleasured herself in the privacy of her own locked bedroom, by touching her nipples and playing with her own clitoris and thinking of a boy she quite fancied at school. Her problem now was that the boy she fancied at school was Luke who was playing with her right breast and nipple and that crazy girl Josie was playing with the other. Catherine was not wanting to be handled this way when she had been ambushed by her fellow pupils, she had fought and protested but they had ignored her and her complaints. But now she was no longer fighting, her nipples were rock hard and she had never felt them so stimulated . Her pussy was now really wet and the two boys flicking the branches where only making it worse, though Catherine knew by her bodies response that she was finding this so hot and wondered if she had some kind of sexual perversion as she could hear herself increasingly breathing quicker and uttering noises of pleasure through her gag.
In fact when her skirt had been removed instead of becoming frantic that she was exposed in only her knickers in the open before everybody her first thought was whether anybody would notice that her knickers were wet with her excitement. Her body loved the on going attention her vagina was having.

Josie knew that she was loosing control of the situation and that things had gone much further than she had planned. When she glanced down again Joe was using the other end of his branch without the leaves and was pushing at Catherine's knickers trying to outline her labia through her pants. Josie was glad she was wearing trousers as her own knickers were quite wet she was that turned on. She found the noises coming from Catherine so hot or was it the power they now exercised over the best looking girl in their year at school. Josie knew what she had to do to take back control of the situation or was it just what she wanted to do anyway? She stopped playing with Catherine's left tit and moved down to her knickers and spotted that Luke started playing now with both of Catherine's boobs and was toying with both her nipples and the noises Catherine was making were getting louder. Josie spoke to the whole group.

' Right its time to move to stage three of Cath's initiation.'

Josie instructed Matt and Joe to put Catherine's legs together while she placed her hand at the back of Catherine's knickers and started to pull them down over her bum. Mary was virtually beside herself.

' Awesome go Josie lets all have a good look at her cunny. Lets see all that she's got.'

Josie looked back at Catherine's face she was not protesting but seemed lost in the pleasure she was experiencing and her eyes were still closed. Josie liked the smooth feel of the skin on the girls bum and as she pulled on her knickers at the back the girls neatly trimmed small amount of black pubic hair came into show at the front. Once she had removed them from the back Josie slipped her hand into the front and pulled them down. Matt and Joe quickly grabbed Catherine's knickers pulled them down her legs and threw them to one side. They could not wait to open her legs and exam her vulva as fully as possible. Josie reached down and spread Catherine's lips open so that the boys could see right up her and the open entrance to her vagina. Lisa was filming this as up close as she could getting every detail in. It was so apparent to Josie that Catherine was really wet and she just could not resist commenting.

' Heh everybody Miss prim and proper is really wet our Cath's enjoying her initiation. Mary you might as well remove that gag so she can let it all out.'

Mary removed the tie from Catherine's mouth after undoing it from the back of her neck. Catherine was immersed in her own pleasure after all the ongoing stimulation which was only increasing in intensity. She knew here knickers had gone west as she felt the hot sun on her most private parts. Normally she would have been horrified just of the thought of anybody seeing her vagina, let alone having it examined and opened up for an intimate inspection when it was soaking wet. Josie moved to flick her victims clitoris and the girl responded straight away with a louder groan than any previous. Josie was loving this now and set to work on playing with Catherine's clitoris. Catherine was now having her breasts and nipples played with by Luke. Josie was focusing on stimulating her clitoris which was driving her crazy. While Matt and Joe had reverted to tickling and stimulating her sex below her clitoris with the leafed branches. She had never made such a noise when she had masturbated in the privacy of her own room even when she was cumming. Josie was building up to making this stunning looking naked classmate into cumming in front of all of them, with it all recorded on film and photographed . She would never lord it over her and her mates ever again. But Josie knew if she timed everything just right Catherine would be begging for release . So just when it appeared that Catherine was about to explode she shouted stop and everybody did as they were told. Since removing Catherine's knickers and playing with her clitoris Josie had reasserted her control of the group.

' No No please don't stop please I beg you. ' Catherine pleaded when such intense pleasure was suddenly cut off when she was so close to the most intense sexual explosion of her young life. Josie was delighted as all of this was being filmed and future reference would show that Catherine wanted this.

' O k do we think that Catherine's been a good girl and played her part and deserves a reward. ' Everybody agreed that she did but Josie knew that they all wanted to carry on playing with the most intimate parts of this good looking girls naked body. Luke went back to his heaven of playing with Catherine's tits. Then she got down to playing with the girls ever so sensitive clit. Lisa had collected one of the empty coke bottles and handed it to Matt who started rubbing the neck of the bottle on her labia. As Catherine quickly got back up to intense pleasure within a few minutes, Matt lined the neck of the coke bottle up against the opening of her vagina and everybody hear'd her gasp as he slowly began to insert the neck inside her. Catherine was frantic for release now and thrust with her hips back down on the neck of the bottle and was shouting out loud, ' Yes, Yes please yes. ' Josie tried to make her movements on her clitoris match the girls thrusts onto the neck of the bottle. After a few minutes there was a loud shriek and Catherine experienced and immense orgasm or two, Josie was not sure which as the girls bodied shuddered and started to go limp but it was noticeable how much of her love juices flowed down the bottle.

Everybody's mind was blown nobody there had ever experienced such a charged sexual situation before at their tender age. Josie looked down at the spent naked girl and knew with the evidence they had she was so much going to turn this girl into her pet plaything.


New Girl put In her Place Part 3

After Catherine's orgasm in front of everybody and the sexually charged nature of what had just occurred it was almost as though people were slightly shell shocked. Mary still had Catherine's arms held above her head and Matt and Joe still had her legs spread wide apart staring at her vagina. Though Matt had now removed the neck of the coke bottle from inside her. He had never ever seen a girl cum before and he had been taken aback when this very prim and proper girl had started thrusting down on the neck of the bottle in her desperation to come to climax. Josie looked down along Catherine's still totally naked body and really liked what she saw. Luke had stopped playing with her tits. Given that prior to the arranging of this event he had been adamant that Catherine would only be stripped above the waist he had certainly got carried away himself with how events had progressed. Josie caught his eye and he blushed and looked quite sheepish she smiled to herself. It was Mary that broke the spell by talking first.

' That was so cool the most cool thing I have ever seen. Well Cath that was some ending. Go girl I never thought you would be like that. What a sex machine. '

Mary who had disliked Catherine seemed in awe of the girls more mature naked body and the force and violence of the girls orgasm. Josie liked seeing this girl totally naked but had loved the control playing with Catherine's clitoris had given her and the phenomenal impact stimulating it had provoked in the girl. She felt that she wanted to play with Catherine's clitoris for hours on end and keep her naked as much as possible. Catherine's breathing had still not returned back to normal and she seemed to be in some other secret world of her own. It was Joe that spoke next.

' Lets take her clothes and leave her here naked. Anybody that comes along can have a good look. Then when she tries to walk home people can see her as well, totally bare arsed naked. '

Josie quickly put a stop to this suggestion and there was no enthusiasm from the rest of the group
for this course of action. Josie guessed that except for Joe they were all feeling a little bit guilty for things getting a little out of hand. Anyway for the long term plan that was now formulating in Josie's mind the afternoons events needed to stay a secret between all of them. So she moved to the top of Catherine's body and started speaking to her gently and stroking her long black hair. Firstly she told her how she had passed her initiation with flying colours and that now she would be protected by herself and Mary and Lisa. Catherine's doe like eyes were wide open now and fixated on Josie's face and she was intently listening to her every word. Josie explained that it was important for the initiation event to stay a secret between all the participants. She reminded Catherine that Lisa had filmed and photographed every bit of what had occurred in close up detail and it would be a shame if this got into the wrong hands and the whole school got to see everything. Catherine was coming back to her senses and responded to Josie.

' Please. please do not let anybody else see any of this. '

Josie continued to stroke Catherine's hair gently and focused while speaking directly on the girls face and looked her straight in the eye before responding.

' Of course not Cath I will look after you as long as you trust me and follow my every command. The boys are thinking of leaving you here naked. But if we agree that you will obey me I will ensure that you can get dressed and myself and my friends will escort you home safely'. Josie had ensured that Catherine was still held fast was totally naked and spread eagle'd for maximum exposure. She noticed that Luke had joined the other two boys and was staring with a broad grin at the girls slit which he seemed fascinated by.

' Please don't let them leave me here naked. ' Catherine did not really trust this strange girl but what choice did she have. She could not be left here butt naked and it was bad enough concerning what had happened already without it being shared with the rest of the school via being placed on the internet. It was strange the way that Josie was stroking her hair but then this strange girl had played with her breast and nipple and had driven her wild with playing with her clitoris. Josie responded to Catherine's pleas.

' Its O K baby just promise you wont mention your initiation to anybody.' Catherine was happy to respond.

' I promise . '

' Good girl but you have to say. I promise Josie that I will not mention my initiation to a living soul. '

Catherine uttered the words that Josie insisted she say. This brought a big smile on Josie's face as she continued to gently stroke the naked girls hair. Luke felt a pang of jealousy , what would he give to be the main person talking to this girl who he was massively attracted too. Josie got all of the others to promise as well that they would not mention the initiation. But this was easy as they did not want anybody to find out what they had done to the most attractive girl in their class and one of the best looking girls in their year at school. Josie insisted that they were all witnesses to each others promise and particularly to Catherine's promise. She made it clear to Catherine that if she broke her promise then everything Lisa had shot and recorded would be posted across the internet. Catherine emphasized in her response that she would never break her promise.

' I would never break my promise Josie, please can I have my clothes back now .' Now that her climax had begun to recede Catherine was very aware that she was totally naked and still displaying the most intimate parts of her body. She needed to be calculating and get her clothes back so that nobody else saw her totally nude.

' Well Cath I can only help you if you agree from now on to obey my every command. O K baby, also I want a gift from you and then I will let you get dressed. Also I want your phone number so that I can contact you and make sure that you are safe. ' Catherine was not comfortable with this but what choice did she have . How else could she get out of her current predicament. Josie saw a slight delay in Catherine's response and quickly tugged each of Catherine's nipples and by the girls immediate response they were still quite sensitive.

' Yes, yes I will obey you. ' Catherine was concerned that they would all start playing with her over again. Though she wondered would she start enjoying that. Catherine gave Josie her phone number and Josie telephoned the number given. She was content when she could hear a ring tone coming from the girls rucksack. Josie glanced at Lisa and was very much aware that her friend was still recording all of this. Thus Catherine's promises would all be recorded and she could be held to account if she broke any of them.

' O. K now I need a present from you Cath. You know what I want Cath ?

' No Josie no I do not. '

' I want your knickers Cath . Will you give me your knickers baby. '

Catherine was alarmed that this strange tomboy girl was asking for her knickers. But she was currently powerless and new that Josie could take them anyway and the rest of her clothes. She desperately needed her clothes back so she agreed.

' Yes Josie you can have my knickers and keep them. '

' O thanks baby you are so kind. ' Josie wondered what any of the boys would do if they could have Catherine's knickers.

' Well baby now to get the rest of your clothes back and have my protection you have to make your pledge to obey my every command. Do you understand Cath.

' Yes I understand Josie. '

Josie had moved from Catherine's breasts down to her crutch where the three boys were still getting a full eyeful. She explained to Catherine that she had to copy the exact words of the pledge and repeat every word after her. Once she was sure that Catherine understood she started.

' Dear Mistress Josie I promise to obey your every command at all times and in whatever circumstances your obedient pet baby Catherine. '

Catherine baulked at repeating these words. They were ridiculous and she was not happy to be anyone's pet or baby. Josie saw the girls reluctance and grabbed her neatly trimmed black pubes and tugged her body hair upwards. Catherine gasped.

Mary laughed, ' O dear Cath she has got you by the short and curlies. ' Josie then flicked a finger across Catherine's clitoris and the girl jumped, so it was still mega sensitive. For sheer devilment. Josie pulled Catherine's labia apart again so that Luke could have a full view of the girls open vagina.
Luke's face was a perfect picture.

' Well Cath what is it going to be . Shall we take your clothes and leave you here naked? ' Josie was banking on Catherine being horrified by this and the girls face said that she was. Although the words were stupid Catherine thought to herself that she had to get out of this situation and convinced herself that she could always go back on her words at a later date. Therefore she uttered the words.

' Dear Mistress Josie I promise to obey your every command at all times and in whatever circumstances your obedient pet baby Catherine. '

' There baby that was not so difficult was it.' Josie ordered Catherine to be let go and the girl got to her feet and straight away covered her breasts with one hand and arm and placed her other hand in front of her vagina. Josie had already determined to make it difficult for this girl to get dressed without constantly exposing herself. The group of pupils formed a ring around Catherine while Josie collected her clothes. The first thing she did was pocket her gift placing Catherine's knickers in her own trouser pocket. Josie then joined the others surrounding Catherine. She stood behind her as she wanted to have a good look at the girls shapely bum which she had not seen enough of as they had placed her on her back most of the time. Josie handed Catherine one sock knowing that to put it on Catherine had to expose her breasts and vagina again. Josie noticed that Catherine gave her a dirty look but did not dare say anything. Then she handed her the other sock. She so wanted this girl exposed for as long as possible in front of the others. Next she gave her one shoe at a time. Again Catherine had to expose herself each time she put a shoe on. Eventually Josie had to hand over her bra. This was followed by her blouse but Josie had ensured that her pussy and lovely bum were exposed for as long as possible. At last Catherine was given her skirt and the boys looked visibly disappointed. Throughout Lisa with a broad grin had continued filming. She just knew that this was priceless.

Once Catherine was dressed and had her rucksack and blazer back again. Josie, Lisa and Mary stated that they were accompanying her to her home. Catherine would have loved not to take them to where she lived but knew that she had no choice. The boys drifted away and then Josie spoke.

' Come on baby pet Cath lets get going. '


New Girl put In her Place Part 4

Josie and her friends Mary and Lisa were accompanying Catherine to her house. Josie thanks to all of Lisa's photo and recording work now had plenty of evidence to take total control of this girl their beautiful classmate. They had her phone number and soon they would know exactly where she lived. Josie was determined that there would be no escape for Catherine now that she and her friends had regained the upper hand. Knowing where Catherine lived would be the icing on the cake for what had been a very successful day beyond her wildest dreams.

Catherine for her part had not wanted this strange group of girls to be her friends let alone know where she lived but she had no choice, unless she had wanted to walk home totally naked.

Mary could not help having some more fun at Catherine's expense.

' Heh Cath I bet its great going commando. You probably need some air round that wet pussy . Cool it down a bit. '

Catherine was annoyed at this but new she could not afford to provoke any of these girls with the sexually explicit material they had collected on her that afternoon. She new she had to play for time and try and figure how to get out of this predicament. She wanted to say something witty but could think of nothing. It was Josie who replied.

' O leave her alone stop fooling with her. After all pet baby gave her knickers to me as a present. ' This annoyed Catherine even more how long was this pet baby nonsense going to go on for. She decided to stay silent. This was not an option Josie was determined for her to speak.

' Pet baby it would be nice of you to thank me for standing up for you I said I would but you must obey my every command. Otherwise I may let Lisa post all of those interesting shots. ' Catherine was forced to reply.

' Thank you Josie. '

' No no pet baby that is so wrong. You mean Mistress Josie. ' While Josie said this Lisa waved her phone in Catherine's face and said.

' Should I press send'

' No please don't. Thank you Mistress Josie '

Josie was just loving the power she was beginning to exercise over Catherine. She would now be back in charge at school with the bonus of controlling this girl and controlling all her classmates via her control of Catherine. Eventually they got to Catherine's house and watched her go in. Catherine was so glad to escape these girls company. Josie, Mary and Lisa kept looking at the house from a discrete distance for over ten minutes just in case she had gone to a friends to fool them. After all she was an A grade student but they left after they were convinced that this was Catherine's home.

Later that night Lisa forwarded all the photographs and filming of Catherine's initiation. Josie watched it all in the privacy of her own bedroom and masturbated to several of the images. The next day a Saturday off from school the three girls met and discussed all their material. Lisa had also in filming Catherine had plenty of photo's and filming of the boys and their actions. Lisa had lingered on the boys groin area's and bulges were apparent under their trousers. All three girls decided that they had material if required to possibly blackmail the boys in future if they wanted too. But their main focus was their new toy, pet baby Catherine. Josie lived only with her mum who was a nurse who had medical equipment at home. Next weekend her mother was going away from the Friday to the Sunday evening. A plan was formulating in Josie's mind which she shared with her two friends. They all thought it was a great idea and would be such terrific fun. They wondered how they would get through the week at school they were so excited about what they planned for the next weekend.


Catherine had to summon up all her courage to go back into school the following Monday. After all last Friday on the way home she had been ambushed by six of her classmates and been stripped totally naked. Yet under their stimulation her body had become aroused more than she had ever experienced before. This had resulted in her having a massive orgasm. She had spent part of the weekend wondering if she had some kind of sexual perversion. Surely if she hated what had happened totally she would not have got wet and eventually cum. Although she was mature for her age both physically and mentally these were perplexing questions for somebody who was only 14 years of age.

Yet Catherine was determined not to be driven out of her new school and she was going to look her immaculate best on returning to school after the weekend which had given her a gap of two days to get over Friday's ordeal. Catherine paid particular attention to brushing her long black hair ensuring that it would look its best. She dressed in her usual white blouse, school tie, blue skirt, white socks and flat black shoes


Catherine's first two days back at school were unpleasant but not as bad as she had imagined. The three boys that had been present at her stripping had different responses to her. She blushed when she saw them knowing that they had seen her totally exposed. Joe was the worst constantly grinning at her. Matt appeared confused and overwhelmed after the incident with the coke bottle and did not know how to respond to her anymore. Luke who Catherine had really liked seemed upset about his role in her stripping and somewhat sorry. Yet she could not forget how turned on she had got when he was fondling her breasts and playing with her nipples.

Catherine was more worried about the strange tomboy girl Josie and her two friends Mary and Lisa. She had guessed by know that it was Josie who had planned her initiation and the form that it would take. Yet in class and formal situations around school all three girls were fine to her and more friendly than ever before. She found it a bit strange that Josie started winking at her each morning. Given what had happened last Friday this made Catherine blush as well.


Except for the blushing in front of the boys every time she caught theirs eyes upon her, the most difficult part of the week back in school after the weekend was the rest breaks between lessons such as lunchtime . Josie , Mary and Lisa insisted that she spend all of her break times now with them. Catherine found all three girls quite strange as they all seemed very much tomboys and never wore skirts ,all three wearing the alternative school regulation trousers . Yet the most annoying part of these free periods when the four of them were alone was Josie continuing to insist when Catherine spoke to her that she address her as Mistress Josie.

Josie watched Catherine very closely these first days back at school after her stripping. She saw that the girl was almost treading on egg shells around her and her two friends to ensure that she did not upset them in anyway. Josie was just loving the way Catherine had to call her Mistress and she could see that this girl resented having to do so, though she knew she had no option. Outside of the classroom and the presence of teachers Josie only referred to Catherine when speaking to her as pet baby and got Mary and Lisa to do the same. This they both did to their great amusement. The look in Catherine's eyes of anger were a pure picture, though the girl to her credit did not say anything. Josie was finding getting Catherine to obey here when this attractive girl did not really want to quite exciting and loved the feeling of power this gave her.




