Born to be Wild
byJackandJilldo©

The day was beautiful; warm and sunny, without a cloud in the sky. Today was the day I would realize every biker chick's fantasy of riding her motorcycle totally naked along a lonely stretch of desert highway.

I was wearing a yellow sundress with no bra or panties, and a pair of white canvas shoes. The idea was to sit on the dress until I left Palm Springs, then let it blow up around me until I found a suitable location in the Mojave Desert to slip the dress off and ride nude. Since public nudity is a local issue in California and not a state law, it was more about feeling self-conscious than breaking the law.

I left Palm Springs around 10:00 A.M., and headed out into the desert. My long, blonde hair flowed out behind me, as the wind blew it back. It felt wonderful having the wind blowing my dress up, and feeling the air on my tits and pussy. God, I was getting so horny! I was on a straight stretch of road, so I decided to raise my hands over my head to maximize the effect of the wind. I got a whole lot more than I had bargained on however!

Suddenly, the dress was over my head, and the wind tore it loose from my arms and carried it up in the air. For a split second, I was stunned and unable to think of what to do next. I slowed the bike and turned it around, heading back to where the dress had been pulled off me, and to my horror, saw it entangled high in the spiny leaves of a Joshua tree at least twenty feet above the ground!

I began to panic. My plan had been to take off my dress on a dirt side road and put it in my saddlebag, where I could put it back on after a brief but exhilarating ride in the nude. Now, I was on a paved highway, with my dress stuck in the tree and no way to retrieve it. I was mortified! I had no clothing of any kind in my saddlebags, and I had at least forty miles to ride back to Palm Springs, not to mention several miles through town, stark naked except for my shoes!

"What the hell."I thought, as I turned the bike around and headed along the highway."I wanted to ride nude. I may as well spend the day doing it!"

The wind felt so good, as it blew across my bare skin, and I was starting to get really turned on. I pulled to the side of the road and parked the bike beneath a large Joshua tree. Not wanting to sunburn my tender breasts, I opened the saddlebag and retrieved a bottle of sunscreen, which I applied all over my body. I squirted two huge blobs on my tits and rubbed it in, squeezing them and pinching my nipples as I did so. It was all I could take! I had to come, and I didn't care if there were cars passing by every now and then or not.

I leaned back against the rough bark, and slid my slippery fingers inside my dripping pussy, feverishly working my clit and G-spot. I watched as a Jeep approached, its two occupants staring in disbelief at what they were seeing. The driver almost ran off the road from looking at me, but did not stop as he had his girlfriend with him. Oh, how I wished they had stopped! I would have done them both right then and there!

Emboldened by this, I walked into the middle of the highway, still masturbating. It felt so good to stand in the road completely nude, and fingering my pussy. I walked back to the tree and leaned against it, rolling my eyes back as I felt an orgasm building deep inside my wet pussy. My knees buckled, and I slid down the tree as I came, shouting at the top of my lungs.

I rested on my knees for a minute or so panting heavily from the experience, and then decided to go for a jog. I began running along the shoulder of the road, feeling wild and carefree as the air brushed across my nude body. My heavy tits bounced and jiggled as I ran, and I cupped them in my hands to keep from bruising them. After a minute or so, I jogged back to the bike and resumed riding. Now, completely into the entire episode, I decided to get as nude as I could. I pulled the heels of my canvas shoes against the foot pegs one at a time, and slipped them off. I glanced in the rearview mirror, and saw them rolling along the asphalt behind me. Now I was totally free!

I raised my bare feet into the air and felt the wind blow directly into my pussy. Never had I felt so wild and free before in my life. I leaned forward against the vibrating gas tank, and pressed my pussy tight against it. Within seconds, I was convulsing in yet another powerful orgasm. I almost lost control of the motorcycle, but somehow managed to keep from running off the road.

I relaxed, and spent the entire afternoon riding the desert byways without a stitch of clothing. I was really enjoying myself, and felt totally at ease with riding nude. I got several looks from passing cars, and all it did was turn me on even more. I headed back to Palm Springs, and afternoon traffic.

I was well within town, and surrounded by people and businesses. I wasn't even the least bit shy anymore. I stopped for a red light, and looked to my right. A carload of people was staring intently at me. I mean, who wouldn't stare at a beautiful, busty blonde on a motorcycle wearing nothing but a pair of sunglasses! I smiled at them and cupped my right breast in my hand, sucking my hard nipple for their benefit. I waved, and accelerated through the intersection as the light changed. I thoroughly enjoyed all the attention I was getting, and almost hated to turn into my apartment complex.

I parked the Harley in front of my building and walked to the stairs, fully aware of the dozens of eyes that were glued to my flawless nude body. As I crested the top of the outdoor stairs, my neighbor, Jerry, approached me. I could tell that he wanted me right then and there, and I was only too happy to oblige him.

After that, I walked out onto my balcony and straddled the railing, my legs wide open and facing the busy street. I rubbed my pussy until I came for a fourth time, and then called it a day. As much as I hated to, I walked back into my apartment and collapsed exhausted onto the bed. I knew right then and there, that this was what I craved, and that I was going to do it again.

Now every Saturday morning, I leave the apartment wearing nothing but my sunglasses and head for the open road. Last weekend I even stopped for gas on the way out and walked right into the store! You should have seen the looks on the customers' faces as I stood in line just like them, except I wasn't wearing a stitch of clothing. I enjoyed it so much, that I think next weekend, I'll head into the city and ride right straight through downtown L.A.! Anybody want to "cum" with me?
