Bethany's Clitoris
by Ashley
Copyright© 2023 by Ashley

I guess it came on fairly gradually. Bethany would start fidgeting and I’d often have to tell her to sit still, or I’d ask her something and she would completely miss it, making me have to repeat myself all the time.

Then her schoolwork started to suffer. All the signs were there I suppose: difficulty concentrating, restiveness. My mind went straight to the same place that I’m sure yours is going right now: ADHD - Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder.

It was the poor results of her end-of-year exams that finally convinced me that something was really wrong. I made an appointment with Caroline Archer, who’d been our family practitioner for years. We’d hit it off almost as soon as we met and I’ll freely admit to having a little crush on her. She was about my age, possibly a little younger, with a mass of black wavy hair, beautiful, expressive dark eyes, and a somewhat fuller figure than my own. I wasn’t normally attracted to women but there was something about her that my body just reacted to.

I’d had a phase when I was about fifteen experimenting with my best friend Samantha. We’d spent ages practicing kissing together and there had been quite a lot of fondling as well. Occasionally I’d tried to sneak my hands inside her clothes but, much to my disappointment, she would gently move them away. Then, after a few boyfriends, I’d met Andy and that was that for me and other men ... or women. Well, until he up and left Bethany and me three years ago that is, and even then I’d never gotten back in the game.

It also didn’t hurt that Caroline was very sensitive when it came to my regular pap smear test. It was her that caught my increased risk as an ex-smoker and insisted on six-monthly check-ups. As well as warming and lubing the speculum she always very gently applied some to my lips and vagina which made the whole thing a lot less unpleasant.

In all the time we’d spent together she’d never mentioned a husband and I secretly harbored a hope that one day she might seduce me.

Bethany and I went along two days later and first, she asked Bethany a whole lot of general health questions and then asked her to strip and put on a robe for a physical exam.

Beth got a bit agitated at that, understandably I guess, but Caroline was very good with her and finally, it went ahead with Beth lying on the examination couch.

I stood up by my daughter’s head and held her hand while Caroline examined her. I was watching the doctor’s face when it came to the pelvic exam, and she did her best to hide it, but a definite look of surprise flashed across her features before she got herself back under control.

I was a little concerned but also intrigued, and I shuffled down the couch until I could see my daughter’s genitals. It was very hard not to gasp out loud: her whole pussy was somewhat red and inflamed and was also clearly wet but that was not what had affected me so much. Her clitoral glans was protruding from its hood and it was ... well, what I could see was almost the size of the tip of my little finger and it was very erect! I patted Beth’s hand as she was beginning to grip mine rather tightly.

“I can see that you’re a little inflamed down here Bethany, has this been bothering you,” Caroline asked softly. The affirmative squeak from her was almost inaudible.

“Let me just say that you are perfectly normal. These things come in all shapes and sizes and there is nothing wrong with you at all.”

“K.” was the tiny response from my daughter.

“I know it’s very sensitive but would it be alright if I examined it a little more closely?”

“S.” I couldn’t help but notice that Beth’s hips moved slightly as the doctor pulled back the hood to expose the full length of Beth’s clitoris. It was well over an inch long and ... well ... I thought it was beautiful. My daughter’s hand was gripping mine like a vice now and her breathing was rapid and ragged.

Mentally I was full of concern for my baby girl having to deal with this throbbing between her legs every day, but physically I couldn’t help my body’s response which was my own clit swelling and throbbing.

The doctor allowed her clit hood to slip back and then got a small ruler from a drawer and measured the length of it, I guessed so that she could monitor any future change in size. When she was done she pulled the robe down to cover her legs.

“That’s it.” she said brightly. “if you’d like to get dressed again now Bethany and go to the waiting room I’ll have a quick word with your mother. We waited until she had left the room.

“Well Sarah, I think we both know what’s been bothering Bethany and obviously the good news is that she doesn’t have ADHD. I see no other indications of infection or hormonal imbalance, and I believe she’s just in the top percentile for clitoral size,” she said, which was very reassuring.

“At fourteen she’s not fully developed so things may get a little more difficult for her yet.”

“Good grief,” I replied very quietly.

“Indeed,” Caroline agreed equally softly.

“There’s nothing wrong with her of course, and it’s just a case of managing the situation as best we can. I recommend loose-fitting clothing and the softest underclothes you can find. If you could bring her back in say a week and we’ll review the situation.”

“OK. Thank you, Caroline,” I said and left.

As soon as I got out of the surgery I kicked myself for not at least having an inkling of what had been going on. I’d noticed that Beth’s panties had regularly had signs of ... shall we say discharges, but I hadn’t connected that with her behavioral problems. I just thought it was a healthy young girl’s budding young body doing what it was intended to.

As soon as we got home I gave her a big, long hug.

“I’m sorry you couldn’t tell me what the problem was darling.” I said to her gently.”

“I’m sorry too Mom. I thought that I was some kind of a freak,” she whispered back. I thought my heart would break and I hugged her even tighter.

“No baby, you’re absolutely perfect.” We both burst into tears and clung to each other until we’d recovered.

“Let’s go on the computer and buy you some new things shall we?” I said, wiping the tears from her cheeks.

Not really knowing what would work best we bought a selection of panties in different materials for her to try, and also some pretty pleated A-line skirts which seemed to be about as loose as you could get.

Most of it arrived the next day and she seemed delighted by her new skirts and I left it to her to try the panties out.

A little later she came down wearing just a pair of plain white cotton panties and a vest.

“These are the best Mom,” she told me, standing right in front of me. I looked down at them and her clit was clearly visible through the thin material but that didn’t matter at all, as long as they were comfortable.

“OK sweetheart, I’ll buy lots more of those then.”

Generally speaking, Beth was a bit better that week. Whether it was down to the relief of knowing that she wasn’t abnormal or whether it was the new clothing I wasn’t sure. I asked her how it was going and she seemed kind of reluctant to talk about it.

We went back to see Caroline a week later and Beth was very agitated all the way there.

Again I held her hand as Caroline examined her and Beth could hardly keep still. If anything her clit looked even more distended than the previous time. I was disgusted with myself for the way my body reacted to seeing her puffy little, almost bald vulva with her clit poking out between her tiny lips.

Before measuring its length again she softly drew the hood back and forth a few times and it caused her clit to swell a little more.

“Beth, do you touch yourself down here to make yourself feel good?” Caroline asked her softly.

“Sometimes,” Beth whispered her face turning bright red.

“Do you find that it helps?”

“Not really.”

“Hold on just a second I want to speak to your Mom.”

She drew me out from behind the screen and over to the other side of her office.

“I think it might help Bethany if she was shown how to masturbate,” she said looking at me closely to judge my reaction. I wasn’t shocked but I must admit I was a little surprised.

“OK...?” I replied, uncertain as to where this was going.

“I’m happy to do it now but if you would prefer to do it at home?” My already tingling pussy clenched at the prospect of seeing her masturbate my little girl.

“I think it would be better if you did it,” I told her without daring to examine my motives too closely.

“You could wait in the--”

“No, no. I think I should be there.” I interrupted, maybe a little too quickly.

“OK. Good,” she said with a little smile. On the way back she got a tube of lubricant from a drawer.

Bethany was still patiently lying on the examination table and I went to her side and held her hand hoping that she wouldn’t feel the way mine were trembling.

“What I’d like to do now Bethany is to show you how to make yourself feel really good, which should give you some relief from the feelings you’ve been having. Would that be OK?. I will have to touch you down here.” she said, indicating her groin.

“OK,” Bethany replied, looking quite excited and very interested.

“Now this should feel very nice but if anything should hurt tell me straight away. OK?” Beth nodded.

Caroline opened the lubricant and put a little on the end of her finger then very gently took Beth’s clitoral hood in her fingers and pulled it back exposing almost an inch of her erect clitoris. Beth gasped and jumped slightly.

“Is this OK?” Caroline asked her.

“Yes.” Beth squeaked in response, and then gripped my hand painfully tightly as Caroline smeared the lubricant all over it.

I perched on the edge of the couch and held Beth to my breasts as Caroline held her hood and jerked her like it was a little cock. She came very, very quickly, burying her head in my chest and squeaking incredibly cutely. I had to suppress a wicked thought that it would be so much better if my boobs were naked.

She stood up and tenderly patted Bethany’s pussy dry with a tissue. I unwrapped my daughter from my arms and looked at her face. She looked blissfully euphoric and relaxed.

“I’d like you to do something for me, Bethany,” Caroline began. “I’d like you to keep a note of how long it is after having a climax like that before you start to feel excited again. Would you do that for me?”

“Yes, Doctor.”

“Please, call me Caroline.”

“OK, Caroline.”

She handed me the tube of lubricant. “You will need to experiment a little to find the optimum frequency. It would probably be best if you supervise at least the first few times.” I gulped but nodded my assent.

“If you could make an appointment to come back at the same time next week?”

“OK, thanks very much, Caroline.”

We went to leave but as I ushered Bethany out of the door she turned back and squeezed past me. I turned around and watched as she went back to Caroline and kissed her softly on the lips.

“Thank you Doc-- er, Caroline,” she said with a bashful smile and then skipped out past me again. I looked at Caroline and saw the same tears building in her eyes that were misting my own.

We got home and about an hour and a half later, as we were having dinner, Beth started to fidget.

“Is it getting uncomfortable baby?” I asked her.

“Yes, Mommy.”

““Make a note in your diary,” I told her. “and finish your dinner then we’ll go upstairs and make you feel all better.”

As soon as we got into her room she took off her panties and let out a big sigh.

“It would probably be best if you didn’t bother with those around the house,” I suggested. She smiled at me and I could almost feel her relief. I fetched a clean fluffy towel and tried to ignore the shaking of my hands as I laid it out on her bed.

She took off her skirt and lay down on the towel. I sat on the far side of the bed looking at her distended clitoris poking out proudly between her puffy labia and felt my own clit swelling.

I handed her the silicone gel and she put a good amount onto her fingertip and then looked over at me questioningly.

“You need to check if I’m doing it properly Mommy, you can’t see from over there,” she said a little sharply, and she patted the bed beside her. I slid over a little closer but she still wasn’t happy.

“No, here!” she said insistently.

I lay on my front with my head where she indicated and nearly swooned as her aroma assailed my nostrils, it was beautiful: fresher and less musky than my own but with a wonderful earthy sweetness that seemed to connect directly with some ancient, animal part of my brain.

I had to keep swallowing because my mouth was watering so much as I watched my baby girl pull back the hood and cover her pulsing clit with the gel.

“Is this right?” she asked a little nervously.

“It’s perfect sweetie,” I told her, nibbling on my lower lip and resisting the strong temptation to put a hand under my body and press on my maddening clit.

She’d clearly been paying attention because she then used two fingers to slide her hood back and forth over her glans. My mind was now stuck on a permanent loop, like a stuck needle on a record, imagining what it would be like to take her clit between my lips and suck hard on it until my baby screamed with joy.

“You’re doing great Beth, really great,” I said encouragingly while pushing my groin as hard into the bed as I dared to get a little relief of my own.

I was vaguely aware that her breathing was getting faster and faster and her hips were grinding and pumping more urgently. But then, after a while, I realized that she seemed to have stalled.

“It was much nicer when Caroline did it.” Bethany gasped. I looked up at her face and it was all red and frustrated. “Do you think you could...?

“I’m not sure that I should...” I said looking back at her shiny glans and feeling completely torn.

“Please Mommy!” she begged and took her hand away leaving it trembling and pulsing. In a daze, I put some lube on my fingers and then ever so gently took it between my fingertips.

“Yes!” Bethany cried out almost instantly and thrust her hips at my fingers causing her glans to rub between them. “Yes, Mommy, that’s it! Oh God yes!” Her whole little body was shuddering and shaking as she used my fingers to masturbate herself.

“That’s a good girl,” I whispered, stroking her tummy with my other hand soothingly. My own cunt was absolutely on fire and I could barely think for the desperate messages it was sending to my befuddled brain. I cuddled her until her trembling ceased and her breathing returned to normal and then somehow I managed to clean her up.

“Do you think you could try and do some homework now darling?” I asked her, kissing her on the top of her head. “Mommy’s going to have a little lie-down.”

“OK Mommy, I’ll try.”

As soon as I got into my room and shut the door I fell onto the bed and pulled my own panties off. They were a soggy mess and I tossed them across the room.

I had to stifle the groan of relief when I could finally stroke my poor neglected pussy for fear that Bethany would hear me. I was so desperate that it took just a few vigorous rubs over my clit while I plunged two fingers up into my cunt to bring me to such an earth-shattering climax that it bent me double as it ripped through my whole body.

Afterwards, I lay on my back cupping my still-tingling sex, wondering how the hell I was going to cope if keeping my little girl sane and functional was going to have this effect on me every time.

Bethany had fallen well behind at school so I sat down with her and we worked out a schedule that would bring her back up to where she should have been before they broke up. Of course that relied on us being able to keep her levels of concentration somewhere near normal. She wasn’t too happy about having to spend so much of her summer break working, but she understood that she had to make up the ground or she’d be in trouble when she went back.

She took to wearing short, pleated tennis skirts around the house as they seemed the most comfortable for her. What with her wearing no panties it did mean that I got regular glimpses of her naked ass, her puffy pussy, and her amazing clitoris, all of which left me in an almost permanent state of arousal. It also meant that she sometimes left a little ... wetness on the seats behind her. While cleaning them up her sweet, heady smell would enflame me even further and I would breathe it in deeply before finally wiping it up. It made me so ashamed but I couldn’t help myself.

Then one time there was a creamy puddle and, before I could stop myself, I dipped my finger in and then tasted it. My head swam as the gorgeous tart but sweet flavor flooded my mouth. I was truly shocked at what I’d done: but spending so much of my day thinking about Beth’s sex was clearly having an effect on me. I resolved to try harder and cleaned the rest up with a cloth.

During our next appointment, while Bethany was changing into a gown, I showed her diary to Caroline.

“OK, it’s very encouraging that a sexual release gives Bethany up to two hours of relief,” she said when she’d looked over the results.

Bethany hopped up onto the couch and Caroline went through her normal exam, leaving the pelvic to the end.

“I’m just going to make you fully erect before I take the latest measurement,” she said to Bethany very softly. Beth made a low humming noise as she gently squeezed and rubbed her clit hood. “I know it will make it uncomfortable for a moment but I’ll make it better very soon.”

When she was satisfied that it was at its maximum length she took her measurement and then looked up at me.

“Of course, the gentlest and most effective method of release is with the lips and tongue,” she said matter-of-factly. “would you like me to demonstrate?” I couldn’t speak and looked at Beth who nodded very vigorously.

“If you don’t mind...?” I replied, hardly believing what I was saying. Caroline got a small wheely stool and moved between Beth’s legs. I held my breath as her mouth approached my baby’s clit and she lifted herself up on her elbows so she could watch as well.

To begin with, she formed her tongue into a tube and simply slid it around Bethany’s glans. I could feel my daughter tremble as Caroline moved her head back and forth softly teasing the tip, and Beth’s breathing became faster and faster. I could feel myself swelling and moistening as I watched on with, to be brutally honest, pure jealousy.

When she judged the moment to be right she enveloped Bethany’s whole clit with her lips and I could see by the hollows of her cheeks that she was sucking quite hard. Bethany’s hips began to bounce on the bed as her climax rapidly approached.

I squeezed her around the shoulders. “That’s a good girl,” I whispered to her. “let it all go, sweetie.” I was squeezing my thighs together while clenching my whole groin and I wasn’t too far from cumming myself watching possibly the most erotic thing I’d ever seen.

Holding my daughter as she came was strangely beautiful. I could feel each tremor in her muscles as the waves of her climax washed over her time and again.

I couldn’t help another surge of envy as Caroline’s tongue slid between Bethany’s lips lapping up any juices that were there. She saw me looking and, although for obvious reasons I couldn’t see her mouth, her eyes smiled up at me.

My next thought hit me like a hammer blow: of course, Caroline was expecting me to follow her example and use this technique myself! I was instantly wet and instantly ashamed that the thought of helping my baby girl that way turned me on so very much. ----------------------------------------------------

It was a little after two hours after we got home that Bethany came and found me sitting at the kitchen table. Without a word, she lifted her skirt and showed me her clit, which was once again erect.

I’d been thinking about this moment ever since we’d been to see Caroline but imagining it finally inside my mouth had me almost dribbling. In my mind, I’d imagined how this all would go when the eventual moment finally arrived. I’d considered going upstairs and lying her on a towel again but, to be honest, it felt like a waste of time. Both of us knew what was going to happen. My darling girl was in need and the last thing I thought she’d want was a big song and dance to be made about it. I gave her a warm smile and felt my whole body tremble.

“OK sweetie,” I said as cheerfully and nonchalantly as I could, kneeling down in front of her. I’d never been quite this close, just a few inches away, and it really was a thing of beauty: her bright pink glans was shiny and tight, standing proud from its soft hood and it twitched needily as she anticipated what I was about to do.

As my sweet Bethany looked down at me, I took my first lingering lick. She moaned quietly, her little hands softly stroking my hair, as her beautiful essence filled my mouth. It felt and tasted just as good as it looked, and my pussy began to leak down my trembling thighs.

I suckled it gently between my lips and teased the bulbous, pulsing tip with my tongue. Beth’s moans became louder and her fingers in my hair more urgent. I cupped her beautiful, silky soft bottom in my hands and pulled her tight against my lips, taking the whole of her pulsing clit inside my hungry mouth, sucking gently while my tongue curled around the precious tip.

“Oh, that’s perfect Mommy,” I heard her croon, which made my heart sing. “please don’t stop doing that.”

I kept up my gentle suction and licking while I fondled her little ass. Her adorable, little round ass that clenched so delightfully as I orally cared for my angel.

“I’m going to cum Mommy,” she gasped, and her fingers in my hair became painful, but I was lost in a fog of utter lust and nothing on earth would have stopped me until I’d helped my baby to reach her much-needed climax.

She almost collapsed, such was the intensity of her orgasm, but I held her up with my hands gripping her trembling bottom for dear life and my mouth glued to her delicious sex.

“That was just the best Mommy,” she cried happily and dropped to her knees, kissing me. Her mouth was open wide and she forced her eager tongue into my mouth as if she was desperate to taste herself. It was another irrevocable line that we crossed but it was only one of so very many and I crossed it joyously.

When we finally broke the kiss we stood up and I patted her on her little tushie. Somehow, the responsible parent inside of me raised its head, looking to re-establish some form of structure amidst the incestuous madness that had just taken place.

“Did you finish today’s work?” I asked her, and she made a face but went on up to her room.

As Bethany scurried off, I couldn’t help but realize just how wet I’d become: the simple fact was that helping my baby girl was turning me on far more than it should.

I got a phone call from Caroline during the week suggesting that maybe home visits would be more comfortable for Bethany. I agreed immediately and she came around the next day.

We all went up to my bedroom and Bethany needed no instruction to get undressed. Caroline went through the same procedure as before: stimulating Bethany’s clit before measuring it, by which time my daughter’s chest was heaving and she was decidedly red in the face.

“Very good,” she announced. “sorry about that Bethany, but it is necessary to get an accurate measurement.” Then she gestured towards her now trembling clitoris. “Should I?” she asked Bethany.

“Yes please Caroline,” she replied politely.

Caroline climbed between her legs and covered her whole vulva with her mouth causing my daughter to thrust her hips in ecstasy.

I was standing behind Caroline and the way she was kneeling had caused her skirt to ride right up. I was surprised and delighted to see that she too had no panties on and her pussy was peeking out beneath it! She had a beautiful, freshly shaven vulva with neat and already glistening inner lips. I watched mesmerized as she wriggled her ass around, sometimes causing those lips to open giving me delicious views of her pretty pink vagina.

I don’t know what came over me and I just reached out and stroked a finger between those velvety lips. I had a moment of panic when I realized what I’d done but Caroline just pushed herself back against my hand to increase the pressure.

Emboldened, I slipped a finger inside her and was amazed at how tightly her pussy muscles gripped it. She must have a pelvic floor to die for, I thought, but then she relaxed and seemed to be inviting another finger, and who was I to refuse?

Soon both Caroline and my daughter were making happy mewling noises and my other hand went up my own skirt and down the front of my panties. I was incredibly wet and a few long strokes brought me near to my peak. In my lust-crazed state, I abandoned my own hungry cunt and flipped up Caroline’s skirt. My whole groin lurched as I saw her precious pink asshole winking at me, and I pounced, lapping furiously at it and thrusting the tip of my tongue inside.

When Caroline came she kept almost crushing my fingers and then I heard the familiar gasping high-pitched cries of Beth cumming. I couldn’t believe what I’d done as I stared at Caroline’s still fluttering asshole and dripping pussy. When she turned around I felt ashamed at the gross liberties I’d taken with her body.

“I’m soooo sorry,” I said, close to tears. “I don--”. The rest was cut off as she covered my mouth with hers and ravished it with her tongue, which reduced my already fragile body to trembling jelly.

She gently rolled me onto my back and parted my robe. I tried to cover my nakedness with my hands because Bethany was still there, but Caroline’s soft, insistent hands were all over me, stroking my resistance away.

She snuggled up beside me, gradually working her kisses to my neck and down to my breasts. She softly kissed my hard nipples before biting one, causing just the right amount of pain to make me gasp with pleasure.

I closed my eyes and gave myself to her wonderful care, marveling at how aroused she could make me with just her lips and hands on my breasts. I knew my hips were moving lewdly now and that Bethany would see, but there was nothing I could do to stop them. My cunt was a hot mess of need and I lifted my ass off the bed and parted my legs, begging for some relief.

It took a few seconds for my brain to register that both of my nipples were being sucked at the same time and my eyes flew open to see my baby girl with her mouth attached to me! She shouldn’t be doing that to her mother! I thought frantically, but then I couldn’t suppress the guttural moan that escaped my lips as Caroline rubbed my cunt quite brutally and such thoughts were gone in a haze of lust and need.

She was the first person, other than myself, to touch me down there in years, and it nearly blew my mind how much better it felt. Somehow Caroline sensed that what I needed more than anything else was something rammed into my vagina, and my moans became shrieks as she pushed three and then four fingers up inside me.

With both of them sucking hard on my nipples and Caroline frigging me mercilessly I came ridiculously hard, crushing them to my body and cumming all over Caroline’s probing fingers.

When I came down from my high we must have lain there for a good fifteen minutes, just luxuriating in a wonderful sense of closeness and blissfulness. Finally, Caroline broke the spell, standing up and smoothing down her skirt, all business again.

“How’s the clitoris Bethany?” she asked in her best Doctor’s serious voice. Beth looked down and then back up with a shy smile and said one of the most adorable things I’d ever heard, “It’s fast asleep.”

“Excellent.” Caroline said happily. “truly excellent.” and then kissed us both softly on the lips.

“I’ll see you at the same time next week,” she said fondly, before picking up her bag and letting herself out.

I took my gorgeous, darling daughter into my arms and we just lay together, both utterly happy and utterly satiated, at least for the time being.

It may have been silly of me but I went online and bought myself a clit pump. I just wanted to get some idea of what Bethany was going through and my own was a fairly normal size.

It was basically a short, clear plastic tube that fitted over the clitoral area with a hand pump to provide the suction. I chose a time when Beth was studying and tried it in my bedroom.

Just the anticipation meant that I was fairly aroused before I started, and I was very tentative at first. I was astonished how even a few light pumps made my clit swell and darken as the low pressure caused it to engorge with blood and become more erect. It felt incredible, just like it was being sucked, but I panicked a bit when it filled the tube. I quickly removed it and was honestly relieved when it returned to a more normal size. I actually jumped when I touched my glans with the tip of my finger: it had made it so much more sensitive!

I tried again several times, pumping a little more each time until my clit was nearly three times its normal size and incredibly sensitive. At this point, I tried walking around my room and I found that my labia were basically massaging my engorged clit at each step. With a new appreciation for Bethany’s plight, I repeated the test but this time wearing panties. I had to stop: the sensation of the material against my now super-sensitive clit was just too much for me to bear!

I took them off and lay back on the bed, watching as my clit slowly turned back to something like normal. I was very, very turned on and wanted to try it again, this time fully intending to make good use of all that lovely sensitivity. I’d just got it so that my clit was so pumped it was crying out to be loved when the door opened. I started to cover myself up but there was no hiding the paraphernalia attached to my pussy.

Bethany walked over to the bed and stared at my red and swollen clit in the plastic tube in amazement.

“I’m sorry sweetie, I just wanted to understand what you were going through,” I told her.

“And how does it feel?”

“I need to touch it so much,” I confessed. She smiled ruefully at me and lifted her little skirt. Her clit was as swollen and engorged as I’d ever seen it. The feeling in my clit was getting too much for me and I had to release the pressure and take it off, leaving my clit trembling and throbbing and about the size of the tip of my little finger.

“That’s about right,” she said and then straddled my hips. “that’s exactly what I feel most of the time.”

“What are you doing sweetie?” I asked her, panicking.

“They both want to be touched so doesn’t this make sense,” she explained perfectly reasonably, while rotating her hips causing our clits to rub together in the most heart-stopping beautiful way. Our juices mingled and the sensations from my clit were unbelievably intense.

“I’ll feel better and you’ll feel better,” she explained further, rubbing more and more urgently. I knew that there was a very good reason why we shouldn’t do this but I just couldn’t remember what it was for the life of me.

I came first, gasping and squeaking and then Bethany came too and I felt a dribble of liquid flow over my pussy as she did. We held each other tight and, as the blood stopped pounding in my head, the realization of what I’d allowed to happen hit me like a ton of bricks. I was just about to try to explain to her why we couldn’t do it again when she whispered into my ear, “That was the best yet Mommy.” and the words dried up on my tongue.

She came up to me much later when I was preparing dinner.

“Mommy, I’ve only just started to feel ... you know ... and it’s been nearly three hours - that’s the longest yet!

It became our routine on weekdays that after dinner I would take Bethany by the hand and lead her into the lounge. I’d sit her down on the couch and then kneel between her legs. Try as I might I could never suppress the shiver of raw pleasure that I felt as I lifted her short pleated skirt and saw her incredible clitoris.

I would carefully arrange my feet so that my cunt was resting on my heel. That way, as I sucked and licked her glans, waiting to hear her beautiful girly squeals of delight, I could rock gently back and forth. I told myself it wasn’t masturbating, I was simply doing it to relieve a little of the intense need I felt down there.

Similarly, when I licked up any juices that had leaked from her it was simply the easiest way to clean her up.

Afterward, I would go to my room for a little ‘lie down’ while Beth did her assignments for that day. Initially, I would clamp my arm between my thighs, pressing hard against my inevitably wet and madly tingling pussy until it quietened down. But more recently I’d sometimes given in and savagely frigged myself while I savored the taste and the memory of her clit in my mouth.

One day I was lying there already pantyless, but still fighting with my conscience, when there was a soft knock on my door. I called her in and she walked towards the bed with my clit pump in her hand, looking a little guilty.

“I just wanted to try it,” she explained, not looking me in the eye. I lifted her skirt and inhaled sharply: it was bigger and shinier and more gorgeous than ever!

“Mom, could you ... could you use this on yourself again?”

“Bethany...” I tried to resist but, as if knowing how precariously I was balanced, she reached down and began to jerk her clit hood back and forth.

“It felt so good, Mommy. I wanna feel it again!”

“Oh honey, I ... I don’t know...”

“It felt good, didn’t it Mommy? You orgasmed too!”

Oh, how did I orgasm! The mere thought of my baby girl, impassioned and rubbing her incredible clit against my engorged lady parts, scared me with how wildly stimulating it had all been. I feared that soon there would be no going back. I was becoming a slave to the hedonistic appetites of my teenaged nymph of a daughter, whose needs I found myself powerless to deny.

What kind of mother was I? A pussy-addicted, incestuous hot mess. That’s what I’d all too easily become and I both loved and hated myself for it.

I lifted my skirt and opened my thighs, beckoning Bethany to come and apply the plastic tube to my swollen and waiting wet clit. I watched her eyes glimmer with anticipation as she began squeezing the pump and my clit began to grow. I couldn’t hold back my groans as the maddening sensations took over my body.

“Bethany...” I whispered as my clit grew beyond what I’d dared, but she seemed not to hear me.

“Bethany!” I repeated more urgently as she showed no signs of stopping. Finally, I had to put my hand over hers, and even then she gave it one final squeeze before relenting.

My clit now nearly filled the length of the tube and it was bright red. I broke the seal at once and looked on in amazement at the size of it: almost the size of my thumb!

“Oh, Mommy, it’s so beautiful!” she cried out and lay down next to me so that she could get a closer look. I could feel her hot breath on my now intensely sensitive clit and I wriggled down the bed trying to distance it from her lips.

Not happy, she straddled me, her darling cunt inches from my face, and before I could protest, I felt her suck my stunningly sensitive glans into her mouth. All rational thought fled my mind as the most delightful sensations I’d ever known overwhelmed it. Now driven purely by lust my mouth attached itself to her clit I ravished it, echoing what she was doing to me.

Her questing little fingers explored the slick folds of my lips and then, as they delved inside, I came hard and gushing all over her. She laughed delightedly but mercilessly continued to suck and probe even as I quivered and shook uncontrollably.

Despite my best efforts Bethany still hadn’t cum and. for a moment I felt robbed as her pussy moved away from my mouth. I grinned happily though as she urged me to roll my legs back towards my shoulders: my baby had not forgotten that she wanted to ‘feel it again’.

She straddled between my legs and stroked her pussy against mine. The feel of her silky-soft vulva, slick with our juices, against my powerfully throbbing clit was gorgeous and hers was rubbing between my labia and teasing the entrance of my vag.

When she rubbed her clit hard against my hyper-sensitive glans the sensations were too strong for me and, as I began to cum I found myself trying to wriggle from under her, but there was no escape, and she continued to rub it harder and harder as I screamed in an orgasm that left me gasping for breath.

Still she rode me manically, rubbing every part of our cunts against each other as she tried to reach her own climax. When her palpitating asshole came in contact with my distended clit it was too much for us both and we came together, our juices running down my belly and between my heaving breasts. As she came the contractions of her puckered hole squeezed and kissed my knob and tipped me into a second and even more intense climax.

I’d never known anything like it and I toppled sideways bringing Beth with me until we lay in a sweaty tangle of limbs, gently stroking each other as we struggled to get our breaths back.

“I love you so much Mommy,” Beth said softly, before kissing me with her impossibly soft lips.

“I love you too baby, but...” Whatever objections I might have been about to voice were lost as she slid down the bed and took my clit into her mouth again. Nooooo!, cried my mind even as my legs parted seemingly of their own volition...

On one of her regular visits, I opened the front door for Caroline and she looked at me, shocked and concerned. “Sarah, what’s wrong? You look exhausted.” I just shrugged my shoulders and probably looked as pathetic as I felt.

“Bethany!” she called out, and when she appeared she ushered us both upstairs.

“If you can wait for me in your room please Beth? I just need to examine your Mom,” she said and then led me along to my bedroom. She lay me on the bed and began to loosen my clothing. I may have dropped off for a few seconds because, when I came to, Caroline was removing my bra.

I tried to object but she just put a finger to my lips. “Shsssshh, just lie back and relax. The doctor is going to take good care of you,” she said soothingly, and her fingertips caressed my breast and grazed across my now erect nipple. I gave myself completely to her tender care and went utterly limp as she gently stripped off the rest of my clothes.

Then she placed some pillows under my thighs. “Lift,” she instructed and, when I raised my ass up off the bed, she slid them under me. “Perfect,” she said happily, and I smiled to myself, delighted to have pleased her.

She placed her hands on my ankles and, as if by magic, my legs sprang apart. Then my eyes almost crossed as I felt her tenderly kissing all over my vulva, which was utterly heavenly and my legs opened even wider, hoping for her lovely lips and tongue to delve deeper.

She was extraordinarily skillful, gently sucking my lips and clit to a pounding engorgement while her hands caressed my boobs and tweaked my nipples to an aching hardness.

I understood the pillows when her tongue began to explore between the cheeks of my ass as well, driving me crazy by licking my most secret and previously virgin little puckered hole

I think she made me cum three times, by which point my body was just a trembling limp mess. I felt her cover me with a blanket and then she kissed me with lips still wet with my own delicious secretions.

“Sleep now, my love. Don’t worry, I’ll look after Bethany,” she whispered and I allowed sleep to take me.

I awoke more than five hours later, feeling more refreshed than I had done in weeks. I pulled on a robe and went in search of my daughter. The door to her room was still open and I was amazed to see Caroline still there and that they were both naked.

Caroline was lying on her back and Bethany was on top of her with her head between her legs. They looked so unutterably beautiful together and I just stood there, drinking in the sight and listening to the soft moans and gorgeous-sounding wet slurping noises for ages.

Finally, I approached the end of the bed where Caroline’s head was. She took a brief pause from sucking Beth’s clit. “Feeling better?” she asked, smiling up at me.

“God, you are a wonder, Caroline,” I said with passion, and I bent down to kiss her, pushing my tongue into her soft mouth and adoring the way I could taste my daughter there. There was a mewl of protest from the other end of the bed and Caroline grinned at me and resumed her ‘treatment’ of Beth’s sorely neglected clit.

My cheeks were resting between my daughter’s silky soft buttocks and her little asshole was fluttering at me enticingly. Now knowing how gorgeous it felt I kissed it lovingly and tantalized it with my tongue.

It was a struggle to keep my lips planted there as Bethany writhed around, screeching wildly, as she came as powerfully and for as long as I’d ever known.

As she was leaving Caroline took me to one side. “I’m still worried about you, I think I’m going to come twice a week from now on.” I was so incredibly grateful that I clung to her with my face buried in her neck, very close to tears.

“Thank you so much, Caroline, I don’t know what we’d do without you,” I whispered into her ear.

Even with Caroline coming twice a week Betany was simply wearing me out. Not content with regular sessions during the day she started visiting me during the night.

There was one time I woke up from a torrid dream that Caroline was feeding me grapes to find Beth straddling my head and bumping her clit against my lips.

“I can’t sleep Mommy,” she said pitifully, and I parted my lips and sucked it all inside. I simply adored the feeling of her tight, shiny glans on my lips and tongue even as I hated myself for giving in so easily to her increasingly outrageous demands.

Then, early this morning, I woke up lying on my front, very turned on. I could feel my ass being caressed but something was odd about it. It took me a few moments to work out what it was, and then it came to me with a jolt: Bethany was humping my ass!

I could distinctly feel her slippery clit on my skin as she ground herself against me. It felt gorgeous and for a long while, I just lay there and enjoyed it. But gradually my back arched and my legs spread as I tried to get her to rub my now throbbing sex.

I felt a brief moment of loss as she left me and I wriggled my bottom hoping to lure her back. When she did she managed to slide her leg between mine and now her clit and lips were directly on mine. It was beautiful beyond words and I was amazed to find myself close to cumming astonishingly quickly, my freely flowing juices adding to the incredible sensations.

Just as I climaxed she moved slightly and now her clit was directly on my asshole as it twitched with my convulsions. Her clit was actually penetrating me and I thought my mind might shatter at the crazy idea that my baby girl was actually fucking my little puckered hole with her clit.

It obviously felt wonderful to her too and she was screeching like mad. As my cum subsided I rhythmically clenched my pelvic floor so as to keep squeezing her glans until she came as well. Her orgasm was possibly the most intense yet and it set me off again and we ended up grinding on each other madly in an orgiastic frenzy.

As I lay afterward in a limp euphoric state I felt her part my ass cheeks and she planted a tender kiss right on my still fluttering asshole.

“We’re going to have so much fun,” she whispered to it before kissing it again and pulling the covers over me.

As soon as the door closed I burst into tears. Partly it was joy because it had been one of the most intensely erotic things I’d ever experienced, but partly it was despair because, far from satisfying Bethany’s urges, we seemed to be making them worse. It wasn’t even that which was upsetting me, it was the fact that I needed it as much as she did, but my body just couldn’t keep up. On top of everything else, there was the issue of how Bethany would cope when she had to go back to school.

I was still crying later when there was a soft knock on the door. Not wanting Bethany to see me in that state I wiped the tears from my eyes and tried to pull myself together.

“Come in,” I called out, and I was surprised and relieved when it was Caroline that opened the door. My hard-won self-control melted away in an instant and I lost it completely. Beyond all shame, I sat up in bed and opened my arms to her, blubbing helplessly. She rushed over and hugged me, rubbing my back until the sobs died down enough for me to attempt speech.

“I’m sorry, I’m such a mess!” I spluttered, looking in horror at the mess I’d made of her blouse.

“What’s wrong Sarah, what’s got you in such a state?”

“I just don’t know what we’re going to do Caroline,” I told her. Just as I did Bethany came into the room as well. I gave her a wan smile and carried on. “Bethany is going back to school soon and I just don’t know how she’s going to cope.”

“I’ve been thinking about that and I think we have two options. First is a clitoplexy, which is a procedure to surgically reduce the size of the clitoris whi--”

“No!” both Bethany and I cried out at the same time. I crossed my legs at the very idea and my daughter looked absolutely horrified.

“ ... which I was saying I don’t recommend at all. Or second I could prescribe a spray anesthetic which would numb the area for up to four hours.”

“Mommy, I don’t want to never be able to feel anything,” Beth said plaintively, and my heart went out to her. I could see tears running down her cheeks as she thought about the implications of that and I was no happier myself.

“But...” Caroline continued. “it shouldn’t be used more than three times in a twenty-four-hour period.” I considered that and started speaking as I was working it out.

“So Beth could use it once before school starts ... then again at lunchtime and then...”

“Possibly saving the last dose for if she wakes up in the night, and at other times you could give her relief in the natural way that you have been doing,” Caroline suggested.

I looked at Bethany and she was smiling broadly as she realized that it would mean we could continue to make love when she got home from school and before she went to bed. I knew I was grinning for the self-same reasons but, in addition, knowing it would give my poor body some much-needed respite.

I took Caroline’s face between my hands and kissed her firmly on the lips.

“You are a genius darling, an absolute genius.”

Bethany ran over and, between us, we rolled Caroline onto her back and smothered her with kisses while we all giggled like schoolgirls. Then Bethany moved away and went very quiet as if she’d thought of a problem. Caroline and I looked at her with worried expressions in case she’d thought of a flaw in our plan.

“Caroline..., “ she said very seriously and then paused for a horribly long time. “ ... you haven’t measured me yet.” Caroline played along saying equally seriously, “You know, I do believe you’re right.” before the pair of us pounced on her, flipping up her skirt, and then fought over who would lick her gorgeous clit first.
