Embarrassing start 

This has been going on for three years and what began as extreme humiliation has turned into a fully submissive disire of having my body exposed. It began with my boyfriend Ray, who liked to have a few of his friends see me naked. It stsrted a month or so after we began dating and the first time I was intoxicated when he simply undressed me in front of two other guys. He didn't have sex with me but did give me oral sex and masturbate me in front of them. The next day I was so himiliated I cried for hours. I was hurt at first that he would do such a thing to me and although mad at him continued dating him. Over the next few months it happened five more times, twice he mastabated me with a vibrator and three times with oral sex and his fingers. Again there were two of his friends watching and one time there were three guys. All five of those times I had been drinking again but each time I was less embarrassed by my nudity in front of his friends. I know Ray doesn't love me and know this relationship will never amount to anything in the future. I know now he is only using me for sex and entertainment with his friends. I've thought about ending my involvement with him many times but the fact is I have turned into a flagrant exhibitionist. Almost every Saturday night I am shamefully exibited to two or more of his friends. Often I am intoxicated but now it doesn't matter if I am or not because I enjoy every moment of it and am fully aroused with them looking at me. Over the last two years he began letting his friends abuse me and knows now that I have no objections about it. They never have sex with me and I'm not certain if Ray actually tells them not to. They do however penitrate me with their fingers and Ray also allows them to use a vibrator and dildos to bring me to orgasm. He even lets them shave my pubic area lots of times. They constantly fondle my breasts as I am being masturbated by them and it seems I am in a constant state of arousal the entire time they are there. So far six of his friends have participated at one time or another but there are rarely more then three of them on most Saturday nights. They sort of take turns undressing me and at times they all do, which gets me excited as they do it. Some of the time its all done on Rays bed but many times they have done all this on his kitchen table. Ray and I are alone a few nights a week and we do have great sex. I don't even ask anymore why he lets his friends come over on Saturday nights. He told me a long time ago that it is a turn on for him to watch me having orgasms and being satisfied by them. He told me also his original purpose was to humiliate me and admits he doubted I would give in to his wishes. I only see one of his friends occassionally and never see the others except on Saturday. Four of them are married and I don't know any of their wives which is probably the reason I never see them outside Rays apartment. Ray and I don't really mix with each others friends and none of my friends know about all this. I'm ashamed of how I have turned into a slut and its impossible to discribe the reason I let this continue. I have seen every one of these guys masturbate but none have ever asked me to do it for them. Ray did admit recently that he gave them restrictions but never tells me what they are. I imagine Ray doesn't want them having sex with me or me even masturbating them. There isn't a speck of my body these guys haven't seen and Ray hase no objection to them doing almost anything else to me. My vagina and rectum are penitrated each time and I can't think of one time I was never completely satisfied at the end of the night. I get horny just thinking about it sometimes and I become wet and aroused as soon as they begin undressing me. Even in the beginning when it was humiliating I still got aroused and frequently orgasmed. I know by now anyone reading this thinks I am crazy, because this is beyond exhibitionism, although just being seen naked by these guys turns me on.
