Grocery Gals Ch. 02: Girl Scout Alumni
by TwinkleTwinkie

A College girl sales more than just scout cookies.

It was that time of year again. The year's Girl Scout Cookie sale, now this town was so small that the troop had a category called, "Alumni Members". They fill the cookie sells during the sketchy times at night. This is Amy. She looks like your retail "Barbie" type, she had a nice tan with long blond hair, big blue eyes and with a tight ass. Her great set of big breasts were near to bursting out of the tight uniform top. In fact, the white shirt stops in the middle of her belly. It has been awhile since she wore the scout uniform. The uniform was so tight; her nipples were pushing an outline around it in the shirt. Her navel piercing was clearly visible. The green plaid skirt shrunk in the wash over the years and now barely covers her white cotton panties. Her long tan legs were always shaved. She wore matching green converse shoes.

She currently in college to study to be a sales and business major. She is Michael's twin sister. Amy posted on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram about her selling cookies at the grocery store. Posts read, "Sellling cookies again. See me at 10pm ;). She Set up a table to the left of the entrance. No window was behind her. She put boxes of Peanut Butter Patties, Caramel deLites, and Thanks-a-lots. Under the table were the thin mints and other cookies. Her strategy may be evident. The town children should all be sleeping, so she can use different tactics to sell to people.

She was directly under a light from the store to be seen in the night. After some time, she had the table fully set. A woman came by and asked for some thin mints. A young couple came wanting some Peanut Butter patties. When Amy went to get them her skirt was brought up, showing off her white panties. The man in the couple made casual glances to not upset his girlfriend. While this was happening a white man in a Hawaiian shirt and shorts came. He noticed Amy bending over. He was chubby. When the couple left the chubby man walked to the table.

"I would like a box of Peanut Butter Patties, Caramel deLites, and Thanks-a-lots."

Amy turned around. The skirt flipped up. Amy was bent over giving the man a great view of her rear. Amy made sure to get one of each he asked for. The man was ogling Amy. It was like his eyes wanted to copy Amy's butt.

Amy: "That would be 15$"

Chubby Man: "Here is a twenty, keep the change."

Then he left. Amy looked at the money. She put it in the box for girl scouts. No one appeared to be coming over. Amy filmed a TikTok. It was her bending over to get cookies. She wanted the men to see her panties. A few minutes went by. Nothing. It was now 11:00pm. The store is closed. Michael came out and watched the table. Amy went in to have a bathroom break. She decided to leave her panties inside the trashcan. Her bald pussy visible from the front. When she went back to the table Michael locked the store. Now the only people at the store was Amy.

Amy was still in the light, she had her feet hiked up on the table. Her skirt was open. Her pussy like a headlight under the light. Like a moth to a flame, it attracted the next person. Pulling up in the parking lot was a red pickup that clearly needed a car wash. Out came a tall rugged hunk. His short trimmed beard and his chocolate colored eyes are both brown. His buttoned shirt opened up in the middle revealing his toned abs. His hair was a mess. His big hands had a little dirt still under his nails. His tight jeans put a little bubble in that flat booty of his.

"Amy, how is business going?" asked the tall glass of water.

"Honey....I sold a few boxes but not enough." Amy replied as she set her phone on the table. She got her feet off the table and got on her feet.

"Amy, I would like two boxes of Thanks-a-lot."

Amy went to the box. She flipped the skirt back and revealed her bare butt. The man picked up her phone and pointed it to her shaking booty. He recorded the video and added the text: "Want More?". Then put it on her Snapchat. As Amy got up, the sneaky man put her phone in the same position as before he picked it up. Amy handed him the two boxes.

"That will be.... ten.... dollarsssss." she whispered in the man's ear. He handed her a ten-dollar bill.

"See you later honey." Said the obvious man who was more than just a stranger. He left the parking lot giggling inside his truck. Amy has a surprise. A few minutes went by, Amy wanted to put an advertisement for cookies on Snapchat. However, when she got inside, she saw the video of her dancing bare butt. In fact, right at that moment the parking lot began filling up with fraternity guys. Amy was struggling to keep up with orders. She would bend over to get the boxes, but when she flips her skirt the crowd roared. She blushes and forgets why she is bending in the first place. The guys do not mind seeing her butt a little extra.

Amy needed to think of a way to continue sales and her plan of encouragement. She then notices one guy is video recording this on an expensive camera.

"Sir, no video footage please!" she yelled.

The men chuckle since they saw the Snapchat video. Amy continued getting the guys their cookies. She decided it was busy enough flipping her skirt was not enough.

"If everyone orders ten boxes of cookies, I will perform for you!" She announces. She winks at the camera man. The men huddle one man gathered all their cash. He stepped towards Amy. He then orders a hundred boxes of every cookie flavor. Amy stumbles. The men roar in excitement. Amy then went to each box and bent over pretending to count how many she had of each cookie. With each box, her skirt got looser and looser until the final box. She lets go of the skirt and ... PLOP! The skirt is on the floor. Her pussy exposed to the men and camera. She then continues walking to check the front boxes.

Amy stretches her arms as if she was getting tired. Her arms reach behind her and tug on her bra strap. The bra plops on the floor. She hops over to look inside the box. The front guys could see her bare breasts as the shirt leaves her chest. The guys stare at her pointy nipples. As she gets up from the box, her breasts bounce. She continues this until she is done with the front boxes then she climbs on to the table. She grabs the bottom of her shirt as it is pulled above her head, the men clap and cheer. Amy was now on the table bare ass naked. She stood up and shook her torso to make her breast jiggle. Eventually she started charging each guy ten dollars to take a picture with her. As the guys grabbed all those cookies, others snapped pictures with her.

Amy loved the way each guy interacted with her. A few reached over cupping her breasts. Many wanted to kiss her. As soon as the last fraternity guy got his picture, the men left. Amy was so proud to have sold those cookies, but she was sooooooo aroused. In came that old red pickup from before. The rugged hunk. He came over to Amy. She did not hesitate. She grabbed his head and gave him a giant kiss. Then tore open his buttoned shirt. Amy got on the table. She shook her breasts in the stud's face. She got on her knees and unzipped his pants. Slowly peeling the jeans down to exposed his massive thick cock.

She started pushing the cock into her pussy. The pain from pushing in was both bad and good. As she inserted it more and more she let out a gasping moan. The man eventually started to thrust his hips forward and back. He did it so gentle, one could say he could have sex with an egg without the shell breaking further. Amy turned and muttered the word, "Harder". He got rough. He thrusted faster and with more force. The man let her know he was going to finish. He slid his hard cock out of Amy's pussy. As the tip got out, a burst of cum flew out landing all over Amy. Amy herself finished. Her cum rushed out below her.

The man and Amy hoped this what it will be like when they get married next year.
