Brook's Fall Into Decadence
by Odins_Fire

Brook's Fall Into Decadence Ch. 01

The Dean has all the high cards.

Brooke was a nineteen year old student at a private collage in the UK, and she had been sent there by her step father. It was his intention to get her in the right frame of mind for the things that he had secretly arranged for her. Her step father was a white South African named Hans Bonner, and he was rich but with an attitude. He owned the residence where he lived in the area of Mayfair and very rarely left his penthouse suite. His grandfather was killed in the battle of rorke's drift during the Zulu uprising. He had stood fast with a few Welsh soldiers, but was fatally hit. The death of his father to a Zulu had turned him into a racist bigot and he had no time for any person that was not white.

His wife however was the daughter of a film star and she was the complete opposite, but she was too busy to worry about Brooke. She was the main reason why Brooke had been sent to a mixed sex boarding school. His wife was also white but Brooks Father her first husband was dark skinned. Brooke was the same colour but her blood father had been killed in the first conflict against Iraq.

Brooke was in her room looking into the mirror and she was naked, because only moments before she had just stepped out of the shower. She was only nineteen but looked every bit a woman. Her magnetic smile and looks were the talk of the dormitories with every boy in the school lusting over her. She had the darkest of eyes and long black hair that was falling about her shoulders and her face was very Asian full and round but in no way out of proportion to her magnificent body. Her lips were full and subtle still waiting for loves first kiss to bring them to life. Boys her age in the collage were under no illusion, that her face was not moulded by the angels, having the ability to lure the hardest of men and boys.

She was smiling to herself, and at the same time running her hands over her body, that was covered with a honey brown skin, that was shining back at her from the reflection in the mirror. She was five feet six inches in height, and her statistics were 36D-28-38 and in the fullness of real womanhood, and weighing a mere 155lbs, and she knew that she was desirable.

Brook got her buzz from walking around the school showing as much of her body as she could, but without looking like a whore on heat. The men and boys alike would look at her as she walked by them, and she could feel their eyes watching her long after she had moved on. There were many times during class when she had sat in class with her hand between her legs, with the fingers inside her soft thong gently touching her clit. She had sat in the front of the class in a maths lesson, and while the male teacher was talking of logarithms she had been playing with herself.

The teacher could not keep his eyes off of her, and it amused her to see him sit down so many times to adjust himself. She was a tease and she loved the thought of him running back to his own room after the lesson. In her imagination she pictured him in his room playing with himself as he remembered what she had been doing in front of him. It was these thoughts that always brought her to her climax, and when her two hands were back on top of the desk, she always smiled when she saw the face of the teacher relax in relief.

She was now looking at her body while cupping her firm breasts in her hands, tweaking the now hard and aroused nipples that had been pierced, the half inch rings that had been made of hardened gold and sealed with liquid metal; they were now standing proud and just waiting to be engulfed by a warm mouth. Then she moved one hand down to her sex and started to play, and she was so worked up by her own thoughts of lust, that she knew her relief would be immediate. Her head fell back and her eyes closed as she felt the orgasmic sensation shoot through her body. Brooke stepped backwards to her bed and sat on the edge because her legs were a little weak from her first climax of the week. She looked at her clock on the wall and it was only eight in the morning on Monday, and she could only wonder what the rest of the week would bring.

It was a good five minutes later when she stood up and walked to her closet, and after opening the door she slipped on a black half cup bra. Once it was on, the garment lifted her breasts, and in much the same way as her hands had done earlier, while it also gave her the desired cleavage to show at the top of the white blouse she would wear. The black lace thong that she pulled up her legs, barely covered her sex, but that would have the desired effect on all that were looking in that direction, and there were always the few that did. Brook then slipped the white blouse from its hanger, and after putting her arms through the sleeves, she then buttoning up the front, leaving enough buttons undone to attract attention.

Brook looked in the mirror at her reflection and knew that she had dressed to titillate. She pulled a black skirt up her legs and around her waist; and then after fastening the clasp she put the thin belt through the buckle. Her shoes had three inch heels, and once she had slipped them on, they gave her body a dynamic posture and form. There was no need to brush her hair, just a quick shake and she was done, all that was left was a quick smile as she looked at herself in the mirror at the final result, and then she walked out the door.

There were a few of her friends at the end of the building and she fell in step with them on her way to the classroom. First two periods of the day were geometry, and the teacher was a woman, and she knew that there was no way that she could distract her from picking up on her weakness. This was one of the classes she hated because of all the maths involved and maths was not her strong subject. She also knew that there was going to be a test, and she had thrown the prep books under the bed in disgust at being baffled. In the classroom for once the only seats available were a few at the rear, Brooke and her friends filled these few empty seats. It was half way through the test that the teacher stood up and walked out of the room, and it gave Brooke just a few moments to get a few answers from her friends either side of her. It was over an hour later when handed in their papers and then walked out of the class room.

After lunch they had a Games lesson, but on the way there she was stopped by the Dean. "Just the person I wish to speak with, would you follow me to my office, Miss Gregg?"

"I was just on my way to my next class, Professor."

"I believe it is only games, and I'm sure that they will cope without your presence. There is something that I must talk to you about, and I am afraid it is serious young lady." Brooke looked at the Dean's face, and knew that something had happened, but for the life of her she had no idea what it was. She followed him to his office and once inside he told her to sit down. He sat behind his desk, and without saying any more he started picking up papers and reading them, and a little grunt came from his mouth now and again.

He looked up and over the top of his spectacles at her and said, "You have been a naughty girl haven't you. You just couldn't be bothered to prepare for you test in geometry, because you had every intention of copying all the answers from your friends. The strangest thing is, the ones you copied were wrong, but the way you have worked out the answer can leave no doubt in my mind that you cheated." The Dean was watching as her face dropped with the realisation that she had been caught out.

"Yes Miss Gregg, you cheated, and you know what the punishment for cheating is, don't you? Well let me reiterate the rules to you, but first let me inform you of the trouble that you are in. This school is one of the oldest in the UK that is renowned for its discipline and swift punishment. It is also a fact that when a student is expelled from this collage, they very rarely get a place in another collage. We place your name on the computer, and an e mail goes to every collage informing them of our swift justice, and along with the e mail is the name of the person and their crime. Your crime is one of the worst as you know, and it is not as excusable as some that we have had in the collage over the last hundred years."

"Your step father has paid a lot of money for you to come to this Collage, and I have been on the phone to him only this afternoon. He is understandably disappointed in your blatant disrespect for the rules, and has informed me that I should now take over parental responsibility for you, while you are in the school. Now that being the case he has given me carte blanche to do as I wish to punish you, I now have power of attorney over all you do until you leave this collage. To sum up, I now have control of your life and all you do in and out of school hours, and you are now mine to do with as I please. Just so that what I say is true, I have this document that he faxed me this morning, and as you see it has been signed by both him and your mother."

The Dean handed her a piece of paper that had been written by her step father's lawyers, and when she read what it said her heart dropped. Her step father and mother had given consent for the Dean to take control of her life until she leaves the collage. It also said in no uncertain words, that she had to comply with all that the Dean and his wife say, and until she left collage she had no right of reply.

"You will not be staying in the room you are now in, but you will move into the big house with my wife and I, and you will be a different person when you leave here. You will be allowed visits from your Aunt from time to time, but they will be few and far between. Now I suggest that this evening is spent moving your belongings to the big house, now your class for this afternoon has been suspended, and the teacher taking charge has been notified. You will be receiving punishment of a different kind this afternoon, and it has been appropriately thought out by my wife and me."

"You will now find the error of your ways, and you will conform with the rest of the students in the collage, and life as you have known it is nonexistent. There have been punishments here that fall outside of the county law. This collage was granted a licence one hundred years ago, and it was to be included on the correctional list, and we only comply with the old Juvenile justice system for all students until they are twenty one years of age. The licence has never been taken from us, because we take in students that are ending their time in other correctional facilities. This gives us the right to punish students whether male or female under section 32 paragraph 12 of the criminal justice act. To be more precise, it is a licence to shame and punish both mentally and physically in any form I chose that does not leave a permanent mark. One other thing, before you go jumping to conclusions, your step father and I presume your mother knew that this law was in place here before they gave consent."

The Dean handed her another piece of paper, and it was the licence to chastise unruly persons under the age of twenty one. Her hand was shaking as she handed him the paper back, and she was sitting now wondering what the hell the Dean had in mind for her.

"Now because of the stigma that your parents will receive from you getting expelled from this establishment, and the fact that you will not be able to proceed with your diplomas, I would hope that you will think carefully before you decide on your answer to the next question." He then handed her another sheet of paper, but this one had her name on the top, and it was a statement from her to the school.

It read: - "I the undersigned consent to being made a ward of the collage. I also give my consent to come under the Juvenile justice system law, and freely with no obligations withdraw my rights as a free woman. I surrender myself to the safety of the collage, the collage Dean and his wife, who with my parents and my permission have the right to take charge of my life, and also with my permission they have the right to punish and chastise me in any way they see fit. This contract that I now sign, will expire on my final day and on leaving collage, and all that takes place during that time will not be added to my collage record."

Brooke looked once more at the papers she had in her hand, 'her step father had never liked her and this was his way of getting back at her. Well she thought I only have another six months here and then I move on to my next collage anyway, and surely nothing can happen in that time. If she got expelled now then she could forget all about law school, fuck what a mess.' "You have read the papers and know of your options, now are you going to sign the paper, or are you going to throw your life into oblivion?"

'Fuck she was thinking, my step father and the Dean have me over a barrel, I have no choice but to comply with the documents.' "I will sign the documents professor." He handed her a pen and she scribbled her signature and handed both back to him.

"Now that you have done the sensible thing, I will give you your first lesson in discipline; you will stand up and remove all your clothes, and stand in the corner with your hands on your head facing my desk."

He watched as her jaw dropped and she was about to speak, so he stopped her dead in her tracks. "Now remember what you have just signed young lady, a lawful document that is binding in all that it says. Shame and punishment are combined in your schooling from now on; now please do as I say, because this is your first lesson."

Brooke looked at the Dean, and she could feel many strange sensations running through her body, and most were of embarrassment. She looked at him bewildered and asked, "Do you mean all of my clothes, Professor?"

"Yes you heard correct, I want you as naked as the day you were born, I have to check for drugs and foreign objects so that we can get on with your punishment." He showed her another document that was headed, [For guidance in dealing with wards of the school]. And there three lines down was the words, item three; the Dean will strip the student for drugs or foreign objects before punishment commences. Item four; all orifices will be checked thoroughly. She gave him the document back and sat in her chair shaking, she had heard of this type of thing in other countries, but in the UK it was not heard of. But then there were a lot of things that the spooks did that no person heard of.

After standing up she stood in a daze as she started to unbutton her blouse, and then let the short sleeved garment fall to the floor. Then she undid the clips on the skirt, and buckle on the belt letting that fall to the floor. She never looked but all the time she was doing this she could feel his eyes on her body. She hesitated before taking the bra off, but then realised that he would be carrying out an intimate inspection of her body. Her arms went behind her back and unclipped her bra, and then she pulled it away from her body, and let that fall the same way the other clothes went. She never had to look to know that her nipples were now standing on end, and fully aroused. For the first time she looked up, and saw that the Dean had his eyes firmly fixed on her breasts. The strangest thing was, what she was doing was giving her a buzz, she had never taken her clothes off in front of her Doctor let alone a stranger, and the Dean was classed as a stranger. She then bent over and pushed the thong to the floor, and kicked them off her feet. The only thing left was her shoes, and she was about to bend down and undo the strap when the Dean told her to stop.

"You may leave your shoes on and go and stand in the corner facing out towards my desk. She had one arm over her breasts, and the other hand was covering her sex, as she walked to the corner and turned around.

"Oh dear this won't do, turn around and face the wall," Brooke felt relief knowing that he could not look at her private parts. She turned around and faced the wall, and she could hear him opening and shutting a draw. The Dean's footsteps were now close as she felt something being slipped around her neck and fastened.

Then the Dean said, "Put both hands behind your head," and once she had done so, she felt the cold steel clipping around her wrists, and then the cuffs being clipped to the collar. She could not cover herself up now, and knowing that she was now at his mercy, and vulnerable. Then shock of all shocks he spun her around so that she was now facing away from the wall. Then she felt him do something behind her neck, and now she found that she could not move because her wrists were also attached to the wall.

The Dean stepped back and looked at her and she could feel herself blushing, and he looked her in the face and smiled. Then turning away from her he walked over and picked up her clothes and put it all on a chair near the door. He then walked back to where Brooke was standing, and once he was close he put his hand out and took hold of her breast, and knowing full well that there was nothing she could do about it. "Yes they are very nice, I just love girls with this size of breast, tit, udder, chest bollocks, what would you prefer I call them Brooke?"

Brooke looked at him and listening to all he was saying, was he expecting her to answer, or was it a trick, so that he could punish her further."

"Come on Brooke, don't be shy answer your guardian, you must know what these are on your chest?"

"B-breasts Professor, I call them my breasts."

"Good girl, I rather like the word tits, but it is a bit crude but I will call them breasts. Now look at these nipples, because I have never seen nipples as big as yours are, and if I am not mistaken that is hardened gold rings. I am sure I can find a use for them he said as his hand slipped down to between her legs. I am going to have so much fun with you, Miss Gregg. Have you ever had a cock stuck up that lovely smooth hairless pussy?"

"It feels as though you are getting damp down there, so I can only presume that being naked and vulnerable is turning you on my little slut. Be assured that you will be my little slut by the time I have finished with you. Now I have to go away for a while, but when I come back you and I will get to know each other, now don't go away because I won't be long." The Dean smiled and walked out the door leaving Brooke alone to deal with the situation that she was in.

The Dean had put her in a corner naked, showing him all of her charms, he had been feeling her sex and breasts, but she had also noticed that although it was against her will she was getting a buzz from being exposed to his gaze.

It was an age before he came back, and he was smiling when he walked into the room. "I have just been onto the collage down the road and they need someone to help out in a biology lesson, so I am going to give you a choice. I was going to give you a thrashing over my knee with my hand, but I will give you a choice, help me do the biology lesson at the other school and I won't put you across my knee. Now do you want to be spanked hard or help out in the biology lesson?"

There was no contest, Brooke didn't want her buttocks touched, so she blurted out, "I will help you Professor."

"Good I am so glad and I just knew that you would not let me down. Now I think I had better take you over to the house, and then the wife and I can get to know all about you, and you can show us what you are willing to do for us." The Dean saw the questioning look on Brooks face and said, "Yes you heard correct, you will be doing a lot of things for me from now on, some you will like but others, well who knows how well you progress at your lessons." The dean walked over and unclipped her from the wall, and then proceeded to take the collar and cuffs off. "Just put on your blouse and skirt, and you can carry the other two items, because there will be no need to wear either anymore."

Brook took no time in putting on the two garments and then followed him out the door, and it felt strange walking about the school in the minimal of clothes, but at least the other students were in class. They walked over the paved walkway and down some steps, and then into the Deans house, and inside the door they were met by the Deans wife.

The Deans wife looked at her and smiled. "So you are Brooke and you are going to stay with us for a while, I am sure that you and I will be very good friends." Then she looked at the Dean and said, "You owe me six from last night so you had better go and get yourself prepared. You will have a witness now to all of your punishments."

The Dean went red in the face and stuttered, "B-but I-I'm the D-Dean and in charge of this girl."

"Only in school you miserable wretch, how dare you argue with me, that is six more, now get down in the basement and prepare yourself?"

Brook looked at the Dean as he scurried away; his age was somewhere in the late forties, and he was thin and dressed in a grey pin striped suit. He had weasel eyes with a thin moustache, and his face was thin corresponding to the size of his body, he also had long fingers that were long, because she noticed them when he was fondling her private parts. Brook noticed also, that all the time his wife was speaking to him, the Dean had his head lowered as if he dared not look at her.

"Now my dear you had better come in the lounge and we will get to know each other." As Brook followed the Deans wife into the lounge, she was trying to figure out why this beautiful young woman of twenty five at the most, would be married to a man that was old enough to be her father. Make no mistake because this woman was a beauty; standing at least six feet in height or more with the four inch stiletto shoes she was wearing, and she had a figure to die for. Her long red hair was falling over her shoulders and down her back, and it looked to be curling in a natural way. Her face was white with no make-up, with long dark eye lashes and brown eyes. Brook thought the latter having had the ability to look down into her soul. In the lounge the Deans wife sat on the couch and then looked up at Brook saying, "You are a delightful young lady, but you have been a bad girl, and you have been caught cheating in classes. Well my husband might be the Dean of the collage, but once in my house then you are in my domain and under my supervision, do you understand Brooke?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Very good Brooke, because you're very polite and respectful towards me, and you must always call me Ma'am or Mistress. I am also the one in charge of discipline in this house, and it is I that serves out the punishment, so be warned. Now in a moment, you and I will go down into the basement, and you will watch and help me in my task. It will give you an insight of what to expect if you do not comply with my wishes and demands, I am also strict, but I am as compassionate as I am strict."

"I had better clear something up with you, I have full jurisdiction over you, and it is me with the Government certificate and not my husband. There is no way that you can inform anyone of what is happening with you, you are as the form you signed, a prisoner with no rights. If you do well and do all that I say, then you will leave this establishment with all your diplomas intact, if you fail, then you will leave in disgrace with nothing but a bad record, do you understand Brooke?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Good now follow me and I will show you what I am all about." The Dean's wife stood up and walked towards the door, and so Brook stood up at the same time and following her out the door.


Brook's Fall Into Decadence Ch. 02

The Deans wife wears the trousers.

Brook followed the Dean's wife through the doorway and across the hall, and then through another door, where she found herself on a platform with steps going down. There was a light at the bottom of the stairs, and the Mistress was already half way down. Brook followed the Mistress down, and once into the room below she had the shock of her life. Standing in the middle of the room next to a bench was the Dean, but he was dressed in only his boxer shorts. As soon as he saw Brook walk down into the room his face went red, but the his wife that was now standing in front and to his side, gave a cruel and humiliating laugh. Then as she walked forward towards another door she told Brook to wait where she was and don't move.

Brook waited there for about ten minutes before the wife/Mistress walked back out, but now she was dressed in a red lace Basque, red stockings and thigh length stiletto heeled boots. Her firm D size breasts were naked, the nipples standing proud and aroused, and because of the lack of briefs, her waxed pussy was also naked. She stepped close to the dean and said, "You chose to defy me, I told you to come down here and make yourself available, but you have left the most important piece of clothes on. Now get those fucking boxer shorts off and I will check that you are still in chastity."

The Dean went down on his knees, "Please Mistress, I will be so ashamed because this girl is in the basement with us."

"I don't give a fuck you piece of dog shit, get those boxers from your body now, you should have thought about your humiliation before you burned my toast this morning." With a red face the Dean put his hands to his waist, and while looking at Brooke he lowered his shorts, but it was carried out very slow. Once they were on the floor and he had kicked them away from his feet, the Mistress shouted once more. "Stand up straight you useless slut, Brooke don't want to look at a pathetic replica of a man, she wants to see you in all your male glory," and she laughed out loud.

Brook looked at the Dean, and her eyes started at the Deans head, and worked their way down his naked body until they stopped at his manhood. It was at this point that Brooke had her second shock, because his penis was encased in a plastic chastity restraint. "Look at him Brooke, he is supposed to be a man, but he has lost the ability to satisfy me, so now I have to find my amusement elsewhere. Now get over the bench and I will see to your punishment."

Brooke watched in amusement while the Dean at a fast pace, knelt on the punishment bench. His chest was resting on a soft leather covered sponge, and his knees were resting on two pieces of wood at the back that were splayed outwards. The mistress walked behind him and buckled the straps over his legs and body that would be his bonds, his head and wrists were also buckled down, and the Mistress laughed once more. She walked over to a table and picked up a cane and walked back, and once or twice she swished it up and down, the noise of cutting air was fearsome.

"Now let me see you lump of shit; I think you owe me twelve strokes of the cane, am I correct?"

"Yes Mistress, the Dean answered, but with a squeaky voice as if he was in fear, and Brook thought by looking at the position he was in, 'he had reason to be.'

She then watched as the Mistress stepped to the side of the Dean, and instead of lifting the cane in the air which seemed natural, she brought it to the side about three feet. Thwack, thwack, thwack, the sound of the cane striking flesh made Brooke jump, and on every stroke the Deans body jerked. Thwack, thwack, thwack, Brooke looked at the stripes appearing across the Dean's buttocks, and at the same time was receiving a tingling in her own.

'Fuck what's happening to me,' she was thinking, and she was also being turned on by the sight of this chastisement. The weirdest thing was though, she was also wondering how being caned felt, hell, she wasn't becoming a masochist she was asking herself. There were six more strokes delivered to the Dean's buttocks then the Mistress put the cane back on the table. In all that time there had been no sound coming from the Deans mouth. The Mistress walked into the little room once more and as she walked past Brooke she smiled, and a few minutes later she walked back out dressed in her day clothes.

The Mistress walked over to the steps leaving the Dean still strapped down on the punishment bench, Brooke was still standing with mixed feelings about the scene that she had just witnessed. "Follow me Brook, we will leave my husband where he is, then he can search his soul, and think of more ways to please me instead of upsetting me."

Brooke followed the Mistress up the stairs and at the top, back over to the lounge. Once inside the lounge once more, the Mistress sat down on the couch, she pointed to a chair opposite and told Brooke to sit down. Once Brooke was settled in the chair the Mistress smiled, "I expect you're thinking that was a little eye opener. Well the Dean is my husband but he is useless as a lover, so I get my love from others, and I have no sexual preference." As she said the latter her eyes were looking at Brook, and it seemed as though they were sparkling. "Are you sexually active Brooke, and do you have a boyfriend?"

The question had taken Brooke by surprise, in fact the whole conversation was unreal, "Yes, I am sexually active, and neither do I have a boyfriend, and like you Mistress I have no sexual preference."

"You are pleasing me more as we speak Brooke, and I think you might be flirting with me, but I warn you that if I find you are a tease then I will have to find a way of punishing you." After speaking, the smile that she gave Brooke was not nasty or twisted, but a knowing smile; and it made Brooke shiver with uncertainty. "I see that you are not wearing a bra, is there a reason for that Brook, or are you a real tease and you get your excitement from showing others glimpses of your body?"

Brook told the Mistress of all that had taken place inside the Dean's office, and the threat of the cane if she never complied with the Deans wishes. "So my husband was a lecherous old pervert today, and was exceeding his authority, he will have to be punished for that, but that will be later in the week. I cannot have my submissive slave rising above his station, but what he does in college I have no control over. I am going to take you as my submissive slave, but first there will be a lot of tests for you to do, tests that will take you to your limit and sometimes past it. We have a small secluded farm out in the country that we go to, we go there during the term break for a week, now that will be something for you to look forward too. There we will meet like minded people to ourselves, and we will all get to know each other better. Do you ever ride the college horses Brooke?"

"Yes Ma'am, I have been taking lessons ever since I have been at the college."

"Good then you and I can go for pick-nicks together once we are there"

The thought of her going with the Dean and his wife to their farm had not crossed her mind, and she was wondering what the Mistress had been talking about. "You look surprised my dear, but you never thought that we would leave our charge all on her own, while her guardians were off on holiday, perish the thought?"

The Mistress stood up and walked over to a small cupboard, she took out a sweater and threw it to Brooke, "You had better put this on for the sake of modesty, and then go to your dorm room and pack your clothes. Just get what you need for putting on in the morning for class, the rest you can pack and I will get the porter to bring it over and place it in your room. Then while you are doing this, I will get us a meal ready, so don't be long, as being late is impolite and will result in punishment."

Brooke pulled the thin sweater over her head and without further ado; she walked from the room and into the hall.

It was half an hour before she got back to the house and as an afterthought she knocked the door. The Mistress opened the door and let her in saying, "You mustn't stand on ceremony outside the door, you are now part of my family and you have no need to knock, but on going out for other than college lessons, I will decide, because after all, you are a ward of the court."

It was late and after the meal when the Mistress said, "I think it is time to retire, and I will now take you up to my room. I think it best if you sleep with me tonight, as you might be a little unsettled sleeping on your own. Have you ever slept with another woman before Kitten?"

The use of the name Kitten instead of her given name, sent shivers through her body, for some reason the name seemed to be spoken in a most intimate way, and it gave Brooke a buzz on hearing it. "No, never Mistress," and it was then that she realised that she had called her Mistress, and that also gave her a buzz, and she knew also that it was said without thinking about it. The Mistress was without trying having a strange influence on the way Brooke was beginning to think. The Mistress; was also without trying or being aggressive towards Brooke, showing how powerful she was, and at the same time bringing out the submissive side of Brooke.

The Mistress was thinking, 'She is hooked, now all that I have to do, is reel her in.' "Well tonight kitten it will be a first for both of us, who knows what might happen in the confines of my bedroom, and under the covers of my bed? You had better come with me," and when the Mistress stood up, she took hold of Brooks hand in her own, and led her out of the lounge. They went up the large stairway to the landing above, and then into a large room, that was decorated in white and yellow, and in the evening light it gave a feeling of coldness. Brooke looked out of the large window, and could see that the sun had gone down and the darkness was clouding over at a fast rate. "Strip off Kitten and get into bed."

The bed was luxuriously big, and once she had stripped and slipped beneath the yellow sheets and covers, Brooke found it to be firm but very soft in nature. The Mistress walked into a fitted bathroom and a few moments later, she was back and was walking over to the bed naked, and even from Brooks point of view she was stunning. Brook, while looking at her nakedness could feel the need to touch and explore this beautiful person. Her desire for the love of this woman was great, and she now knew that there would be nothing she would not do, to keep that love if it were given.

The lesbian side of her bi nature was kicking in, and once it had done so, she knew that there was no way to suppress it, if she wanted to suppress it at all. The whiteness of the Mistresses body against the contrast of her long red hair; which was falling over her shoulders and down her back, was electrifying. Brook could see that the Mistresses nipples were standing proud and pushing out and aroused, and there was not a blemish to be seen anywhere, that might break the surface of her white skin. She slipped in beside Brooke, and Brooke was on her back in fear of moving in case she upset this white Goddess.

"You are very quiet Kitten, is something wrong, have I done something to upset you?"

"No Mistress, I was just thinking that it has been a very strange day. I have mixed feelings and weird sensations running through my body, and my head feels light." Brooke turned onto her side and looked into the Mistresses eyes and she stayed that way for a long time.

"What are you looking at Kitten?"

"I am so sorry Mistress I didn't mean to stare at you, it is just that for some strange reason I find you very attractive. I feel over powered by your beauty and feel that I am being drawn towards you. I am sorry I should not be thinking like this let alone talking of such things."

The Mistress moved closer to Brooke and put an arm over her naked body then with her hand pressing on Brooke's back she pulled her closer. Their naked bodies touched and pressed together, and the moment was electrifying. Brooke could feel her body arching, and begging for more than just a mere touch, and she herself wanted satisfaction, she wanted to love this exquisite person. Brooke didn't know why, but she leaned her head forward and kissed the Mistress full on the lips, and the Mistress responded with the lust that Brooke was searching for. Their mouths opened, and both their tongues explored the other ones mouth to the full.

From between Brooke's legs she was feeling sensations that she had never before felt. Brooke's hand slid over the Mistresses body; and into the small of the back then down to gently squeeze the cheeks of her buttocks. The Mistress broke away from the kiss and lay on her back with her eyes closed. The hand that had been on the Mistresses buttocks was now on her belly, and moving up towards her breasts. Her long finger nails lightly touching the flesh around the nipple of the breast of the Mistress. Brooke was squeezing and manipulating the breast, now and again retuning to the nipple to pluck and squeeze so that it remained in its aroused state. She felt that for the first time that day she was in control of her destiny, but was unsure why.

Brooke moved onto her knees still at the side of the Mistress, and then lowering her head to kiss the Mistress on the mouth once more. The Mistress tried to respond but Brooke anticipating the move lifted her head and moved her mouth to the Mistresses other breast. Her fingers were still playing with one nipple while her mouth was now sucking the other breast. Brooke was playfully biting the nipple, and her tongue was playing with the nipple on the inside of her teeth. Brooke's hand moved from the Mistress's breast touching the skin, so lightly that it felt like a feather being blown across her body. This unique sensation of both pain and pleasure was making The Mistress squirm, saying no, no, no, yes, yes, over and over again.

The fingers were making their way down and onto the Mistresses belly leaving an ecstatic trail in their wake. The Mistress was arching her body trying to get more, but the fingers lifted with the movement leaving her crying for more. Then slowly the fingers moved down to the waxed V of the pubic area, and with her finger and thumb pointing touching the skin and with her long nails. Brook traced a line either side of this area down to the Mistress's sex. The Mistress opened her legs slightly to give Brooke access to the most private part of her body. Brooke's fingers touched the aroused flesh and gyrated on the outside, every now and again a finger would invade her sex, and the Mistress would catch her breath. The Mistress was arching her body and moving her hips nearing her climax. Brooke sensed this and moved her mouth once more to kiss the Mistress, and at the same time their mouths locked together the Mistress reached her climax and falling limp in selfish ecstasy.

The Mistress lay there for a few seconds then gently pushed Brooke on to her back, and in a second movement she straddled Brooke's body. She slowly bent her head down and gave Brooke a lingering kiss, while at the same time her hands were massaging Brooke's breasts. The heat, and the perfume, from the Mistress's body was both over powering and intoxicating. The Mistress was back shuffling her legs down the bed, and stopped when her mouth was in line with Brooke's breasts. Brooke felt the hot breath, and then the Mistresses teeth were gently gripping and teasing her breasts. The feelings Brooke was getting were taking her to a fairy tale land on an enchanted world. With her eyes closed the sensations were keeping her prisoner.

Again the Mistress moved lower, and she was kissing Brooke's flesh on the way, and the kisses were so light that they were like soft tiny drops of rain hitting her body. She had reached Brooke's belly, and Brooke was trying hard to control the movements of her own body. She had tried to arch her body on several occasions but she hit the Mistresses body and it left her feeling week. The kissing got lower and just below the belly on Brooke's own waxed pubic area; at the slightest touch she had spasms of ecstasy. Brooke had never before felt sensations like the ones she was having now, and she had only dreamed of having sex with another woman. The Mistress's kissing touched her sex, and when she felt her tongue dart in and out Brooke gave a little murmur.

The Mistress slowly turned her body one hundred and eighty degrees, and not once did her tongue leave Brooke's sex. The Mistresses sex was now above Brooke's face and she was lowering it down to almost touching. Brooke had never tasted another woman before, but lifted her head up to dart her tongue into the Mistresses sex. It was within a short moment of that contact that they both reached an exploding climax, and it was almost simultaneously. The Mistress moved her body off and around and once more lay at the side of Brooke. The Mistress reached down and pulled the silk sheet and cover over them both. Brooke looked at the Mistress saying "Does this mean I am not a virgin anymore and smiled?"

The Mistress laughed, and when she stopped she answered "I would never have thought you ever were Kitten." The Mistress pulled her close once more and kissed her on the lips, they fell asleep in each other's arms.

The morning came and the sun was shining through the window, Brooke opened her eyes and the Mistress was looking back at her. "Good Morning Kitten."

"Good morning Mistress."

"Now you had better get up and get a shower, use my private shower," she said while pointing to the room she had walked in the previous evening. "While you are doing that I will go down and release my husband from his bonds." The Mistress saw the surprised look on Brooke's face and laughed, and added, "Yes he has been down in the basement all night, but he will be a lot better person for it. He will be out for revenge today, but he will not hurt you now that you are under my control and belong to me. You must however do everything that he says, because he is teaching you humiliation and submissiveness."

It was an hour later when they were at the breakfast table and the Dean walked down and sat at the side of his wife. "Good morning to the both of you," and he spoke as if the previous night had never happened. Before Brooke could respond, the Dean added, "We have a long way to go this morning Miss Gregg, and we won't be eating until we get home this evening."

No more was said over the breakfast table, and as soon as the Dean had finished his breakfast, they all stood up. At the door, just as Brooke was about to exit the Mistress stopped her, "Now remember Kitten, you must do all that the Dean tells you, as it is part of the tests for your biology diploma."

Brook walked out to the car with the Dean and sat in the front with him, nothing was said during the two hour journey. They pulled up outside the college and Brooke followed the Dean inside. They waited in an office for a few minutes before they were seen by a senior teacher, and the teacher shook the Deans hand saying, "Welcome Professor I can only presume this is your assistant, and I'm sure that the students will be pleased with the lecture that they receive. Now if you will follow me I will take you to the lecture room that you will be working in."

Brook hadn't been listening to a word the two men had been talking about, as she had been watching a pair of senior girls talking to each other. When she saw the two men starting to walk away she followed them, as there was no other reason to stay where she was. They walked into a small classroom with a thick heavy curtain along one side of the wall, and after the other teacher left the room Brooke looked around the room. It looked like a doctors surgery because of all the implements, there was even an inspection table with stirrups.

The Dean looked at Brooke and smiled, "Please take your clothes off Miss Gregg." Brooke hadn't expected this, and she felt her face flush once more. Then she remembered the words of the Mistress as she left the house. So within a few minutes she had stripped off and was standing naked once more. "Now get on the table like the good girl I know that you are," and the Dean was smiling once more. Brooke once more did as the Dean told her, and the Dean placed a pillow beneath her head.

"Put your legs in the stirrups and make yourself comfortable young lady, you will be on here for a while before I need you." Brooke once again did as the Dean instructed, and there were channelled pieces of metal before the foot stirrups, and they were for the calf to lay comfortable in. Once her legs were up and in front of her, the Dean buckled a strap over the ankle and just below the knee, and then walking up the side of her he placed her arms at her side and strapped them at the armpit and wrist to the table. "Don't worry my dear," the Dean reassured her "These straps are for safety, so that you don't slip off the table while I am giving the first part of the lecture."

Brook looked at him stunned and asked, "What exactly am I supposed to do Professor?"

"Nothing just lay there and be yourself, and you might even enjoy the experience." Then he walked behind her and then she heard him walk out of the room locking the door behind him.

Brook had no idea how long she had been in the room, because she had fallen asleep in the warmth of the lights above her head. She could however hear someone talking, and it sounded very much like the Dean, and it also took her a while to realise that the voice was the other side of the curtain to her front. She was trying to hear what was being said, but the sounds were muffled, and as she was looking around the room she saw the camera looking down at her. It was then she started to feel embarrassed, thinking that there might be someone, a stranger looking and lusting over her nakedness. Once again she was getting a buzz from just thinking about such things; laying where she was exposed and vulnerable.

It was as these thoughts were going through her mind that the curtains were thrown open, and Brooke realised that she was on a stage looking out. She was in actual fact in a college lecture room, and as she looked out there had to be at least one hundred boys or rather young men looking back at her. She then heard the Dean say, "Now if you look at the screen to the sides of the auditorium you will see my assistant, is in the position that we need her." He must have flicked a switch, because a red light lit up on the side of the camera, and the screens came to life in the auditorium. From where Brooke was situated in the room and the position of her head, she could see herself on the screen naked as the day she had been born. She was thinking that at least they had not got a very good view, and it was because of the position of her legs.

The Dean was speaking for a few moments longer then Brooke heard the words, women's orgasms, and adrenalin shot through her body at speed. Her breathing became heavy and she could see her breasts rising and falling, and on the screen it looked exaggerated. She watched as the Dean walked back to where she was laying and when he looked at her he was smiling. She watched as he turned a key and pushed the stirrup out and back, and then he did the same with the other, and it left her with her legs splayed wide open for all to see.

The camera whirled and when she looked up at the screen on the wall, she could see that it was a close up of her, in this undignified position. But now the initial shock had worn off, she found herself once again getting a buzz from being exposed to all these eyes. She knew in her own mind that there would not be one pair of eyes that were not looking at her nakedness, and she started to breath heavier.

The Dean said, "Now I would like to show you the female orgasm, and you will note that it is not unlike the male." His words were lost in the air somewhere, and Brooke was thinking that this situation that she found herself was unreal. Her eyes were darting from the screen that she could see and then to the men ogling her naked body. She could not hear a word the Dean was saying because she had blanked him out, but she did feel the intrusion into her sex, and then the object pushing deeper. Then the intruding object was moving inside of her, and looking up at the screen she could see that it was a rabbit in the Deans hand. She tried to suppress her feelings but the rabbit was doing all that the manufacturers said it could do.

Without thinking she was moving her body and trying to push forward onto the sex toy. Her eyes were focused on the boys in the auditorium looking at her, and watching her beg with her body for relief from the assault of the toy. The thought of all the boy's seeing her about to climax in sexual ecstasy was bringing her closer to her orgasm at speed. Then all of a sudden she let herself go, and she heard the Dean say, "Well that never took very long gentlemen, and that ends the lecture on the female reproductive cycle." There was a clapping of hands, and when they died down he said, "Now would you give a hand for this little slut that I have brought with me today." There was an even greater round of applause, with cheers and wolf whistles, and once they had died down the curtains closed.

The Dean walked up to the side of her and as he was unfastening her bonds he said, "Now that was not hard was it, you now have top marks in biology, a lot more rewarding than the cane or a warm ass, don't you think. Now get dressed and we will go while the college is at its final lessons of the day. I am sure you wouldn't like to meet any of the audience now would you. We will go as soon as you are dressed, the Mistress will be waiting for us both, and we cannot keep her waiting."


3