Back To School Shopping Trip
by Sara_S

CHAPTER 1

It was a normal family back to school shopping with me, my wife Amy and our two daughters Jill and Tonya. Jill is the oldest by two years and a whole lot easier to shop for so I took her with me as we split up for our day of shopping. With Amy and Tonya going to one section, Jill and I went to the one more age appropriate for her. After about an hour of sitting by the dressing rooms while Jill tried on clothes we were done with with shopping, so I thought. After cashing out she told me they were a few more stores she needed to go in, so we carried the bags to the car. On our way back into the mall she told me she needed a new swimsuit for the end of summer pool party we always have for Jill, Tonya and their friends. Being it was a weekday the mall was almost empty so we walked slowly just talking about dumb things.


We entered the store she chose, one that specialized in swimwear and related things. When the sales lady asked if we needed help Jill was quick to tell her “No thanks, I think I can handle it.” After walking around for a few minutes Jill told me “Have a seat, I want to try some on.” Shortly after taking my seat near the dressing rooms Jill came by with an arm full of suits. “Stay there, I want you opinion on them.” she said closing the stall door. Shortly I heard “O.K. come look at this one.” as she opened the door so I could see in. She was wearing a normal white two piece like she has had before with her hands on her hips. “I don’t like it!” she says while shutting the door. I see her in swimsuits all the time by our pool but something about her looked different that time and I didn’t know what it was. “O.K.” as she opened the door again. This time she was wearing a blue bikini with little strings that tied on her hips and one on her back. As she was spinning around showing it off to me I noticed what was different, I could see a perfect outline of her mound around her lips in her bikini bottoms , Staring at the outline feeling my cock start to swell in my shorts I said “That one looks good, what do you think?” “Yeah, I like it but I want to try these other ones on too.” she answered. Returning to my seat trying not to think about what I just saw I could feel my cock continue to grow. Not giving me enough time to tame my swollen cock I heard “O.K.” again. This time she had on the same blue top with a pair of boy shorts bottoms that looked to be two sizes too small, barely fitting across the top of her plump little butt showing the tan lines from her previous suit. As she spun around modeling them I noticed the buldge in her bottoms again, making me even harder. “Those are a little tight aint they, you can see everything you’ve got down there.” “But that is the style now daddy! I have one more, this is the one mom wouldn’t let me get last time.” she said as she began taking off the blue suit without shutting the door this time. As she took of the bottoms I discovered why her bottoms looked different, she was freshly shaved slit with a pair of thick, long lips hanging down around a clit almost as long. I was amazed, I couldn’t take my eyes off of it while she pulled a yellow string bikini bottom across the most beautiful sex hole I had ever seen. I raised my eyes to see a smooth, firm pair of small c cup boobs be covered by the matching top. After getting it tied she stood in front of me wearing a small bikini bottom with a small triangle front that barely covered he slick mound with a matching triangle top stretched across her breasts that was thin enough you could see the brown of her young nipples through it. When she turned to finish modeling it, it had the same size triangle resting on top of her plump butt tapering into a string separating her cheeks. When she faced me I instantly went back to staring at the outline in her bottoms. “I take it you like this one!” I raised my eyes from her slit to see her looking right at my crotch. The cotton shorts I was wearing did nothing to hide the massive hardon I had. “I thought you would.”she said with a grin. “I’m sorry honey, I was just thinking how beautiful you are and how we need to spend more time together before you outgrow me.” I said. “Don’t be sorry daddy, im not a little girl anymore. So, which one are you going to let me get?” she asked. I told her she could get the yellow one but she could only wear it to tan in and swim in when it was just me and her. “You can get the blue top with which ever bottoms you want for the party.” I said. “Thanks daddy!” she said while turning around and sliding the yellow bottoms across her firm butt with her tight cheeks holding the thin piece of cloth between them. After stepping out of the bottoms she bent over picking up the yellow bottoms, the blue top and the blue boy shorts giving me a direct view of her delicious looking bottom. After handing me the suits she removed the small yellow top and put it in my hand. Looking around the room to find her clothes I noticed there weren’t any panties, just her shorts, shirt and a bra. “Looks like we need to get you some panties today too.” That’s where we are going next, its going to be a lot of fun. But first you better do something with that (looking down at my cock pushing at my shorts), you don’t want people knowing your daughter gave you a hardon do you?” I reached into my shorts and positioned my throbbing cock in less conspicuous position. I told her to get dressed and meet me in front of the store.


I was standing in front of the store when she walked up to me. “Are you ready?” she asked. I said yes. “Is he ready?” she asked looking down at my crotch. “Stop it, you know we cant tell your mom about this don’t you?” “About what?” she answered, looking over her shoulder as she walked away. As I was catching up to her I couldn’t stop watching her butt in her short volleyball shorts, knowing she was pantyless didn’t help matters any. By the time I caught up with her I was hard again. With her looking at the buldge in my shorts she said “Shopping for swimsuits changed everything between us didn’t it?” “Just a little.” I replied. “Shopping fur underwear is really going to make us closer.” she answered. As we walked through the mall we passed an adult novelty store with the manequins wearing sexy lingerie. “How about here?” she asked. “Maybe when your older.” I replied. She gave me a big smile. “What kind are you wanting honey?” “Some like momma wears.” she answered. I said O.K. as we walked on occasionally getting a good view of her lips in the thin shorts. When we got to the store she walked on in so I followed. “I’m going to have a seat, you go pick out some things.” I said to her as she stood in front of a table holding up a pair of black lace thongs. I watched her walk table to table looking and filling her arms with carefully selected matching sets of underwear until her hands were full. She brought the armful of sexiness to me to hold and disappeared into the store. As i looked through her selection I couldn’t help but imagining her meaty slit tucked away in the soft silk and lace. I had to get up and clear my mind, I positioned my rock hard cock the best I could and placed the bags and her underwear in the empty chair next to me. I thought I would get Amy something while I was there. I wondered around the store until I made it to the back of the store where they sale the naughtier stuff close to the dressing rooms. I walked around the corner beside the dressing rooms where I was surprised to see Jill standing in front of a full length mirror wearing a white lace bra, matching panties, white lace garters and white stockings. “Excuse me sir, could I get your opinion on something? I’m preparing for a special night, do you think this is sexy?” she asked while turning so I could see the back. Surprised by her attempt to act as if she didn’t know me I played along with her. “Yes mam I do! I would be very happy if I had a woman as sexy as you wearing that.” I answered. “Would you be kind enough to give your opinion on another one?” “Yes, I would love to.” I answered. I watched her butt as she walked back to the stall and closed the door. As I stood waiting to see the next outfit she wanted me to see my heart raced while watching the white lace pile up on the floor. I heard the handle on the door so I raised my eyes awaiting the beauty of my next show. I lost my breath as she exited the stall into the mirrored area wearing a black strapless see through bra that barely covered her breast with a pair of black lace French cut panties. Holding her arms up while she spun around stopping with her back to me. “These are made a little different.” she said while bending over grabbing her toes. I could have cum in my pants, there were her meaty lips hanging between two black strips of lace from the crothless panties she was wearing. She stood up facing me with her hand on her hips, “What do you think?” she asked, staring at the swollen cock in my shorts. “Oops, I done it again didn’t I?” “They look great, I’m sure you will make someone very happy. I had better be going now.” I said. “Thank you for helping me.” she replied. I returned to my previous seat and waited, trying to hide my swollen cock. Shortly Jill returned to me carrying some things and picked up the pile of items in the chair. “Can I pay for these without you, I have some things I don’t want you to see yet?” she asked. I reached into my wallet and handed her my card. “Thank you, you want be sorry!” she replied with a cute grin as she walked to the counter. Watching her butt as she walked to the counter I was picturing her in those crotchless panties. Jill returned carrying her bags and handed me my card. “This is fun daddy! I love you!” said Jill. I told her “ I love you more now than ever baby.” I again pointed her toward the door so I could follow behind and watch her pantyless butt in those short shorts.


We had only went a short distance when we met Amy and Tonya. Looking at my crotch Amy says “Looks like somebody is having a good time.” She leans to me and whispers in my ear “You might want to hide that thing.” I turned my back to them and repositioned as they discussed their day shopping Jill told her mom she had a great time with me and couldn’t wait to try on the things she got. We decided it was time for something to eat so we headed to the dining area letting the girls walk in front of course as we talked. Amy asked “What got you so excited about shopping?”. We have a pretty open marriage so I simply told her that there was a pretty woman in the lingerie store that wasn’t wearing any panties. “Yeah, I know how much you like that. Speaking of panties Jill told me she wanted some grown up panties, did she get some nice things?” “I only seen a couple things she had, I let her pick everything out.” I answered feeling my cock tingle thinking about what I had seen. I continued watching Jill’s butt occasionally comparing it to her younger sisters, wondering if hers was as nice until we got to the table.

As we sat in the booth Jill was quick to get in first so I sat beside her with Amy and Tonya across from us. As we were eating I noticed Jill scooting around a lot, until she tapped my leg. Looking down at my leg I saw her shorts wadded up beside her inner thigh which was up in the booth with her other leg still under the table giving ma a perfect view of her hairless slit. I couldn’t believe my daughter was showing me her meaty cunt in the booth. As we finished our meals I started a conversation with her so it wouldn’t be obvious when I looked that way. I was surprised to see her with a finger drove in her slit and rubbing her thick clit with her thumb. I watched as she rubbed her finger deep in her slit until she slid it out. “You have something on your face.” said Jill as she took her juice covered finger and pretended to wipe something off under my nose giving me a good smell of her tender hole. The smell was so sweet. While sitting in the corner she slid her feet through her shorts but had a hard time pulling them across her plump butt. Everyone had finished eating so we walked toward the car. As we were leaving the building the two girls said they needed to go to the restroom, I told Amy I would wait for them so she went to the car. As Jill walked toward me I noticed Jill carrying something in her hand and stood in front of me, she took my hand and placed the items in my hand. When I looked I saw her bra and a pair of panties, with her nipples clearly poking at the cotton shirt I knew it was her bra but knowing Jill wasn’t wearing any panties I looked closely to Tonya’s little butt. To my surprise the noticeable panty line she had earlier was gone. “I couldn’t let me have all the fun.” said Jill as she walked through the door in front of Tonya, who I could tell knew what she was doing by the way she had pulled her cotton shorts up tight on her little butt. Watching her little butt bounce from side to side on the way to the car had me hard again by the time we got to the car. The ride home seemed to take forever, thinking about the days events and wondering what she was going to do next.


CHAPTER 2

My heart raced as I heard Jill call her mom into her room to see what we had bought that day. After a while of wondering what she was showing her I made my way to her room. Jill was holding up the shorts, skirts and shirts she had picked out. “How about the underwear you got?” asked Amy. I started to walk out to avoid the trouble I was going to be in for letting her buy the things I did but I stayed. Jill jumped on the bed, spread her legs and reached into the bag and pulled out a handful of bras and panties and dumped them in a pile between her legs and started showing them to her. Looking at the pile I had a clear view of her moist, thick lips spread out through the leg of her short shorts. After showing her all she had out of the bag she reached back into the bag for another handful. “I don’t know if you will let me wear these or not momma, if not you can have them.” said Jill. I just knew my little girl was going to rat me out, but she held up two pair of thongs and some bras, a black pair with a matching bra and a matching pair in pink. “I really wanted to try them!” Jill said nervously. “I guess your old enough honey, I was wearing them when I was you age.” Amy answered. “That’s all.” said Jill. My heart slowed down, I guess Jill was going to keep our little secret. “What about a swim suit, did you get a new one?” asked Amy. Again my heart raced as Jill dumped another bag between her legs, giving me a reason to look that way again but only the blue one came out. Jill held it up for her to see. “I like that one, but it looks a little small.” “It stretches when you put it on.” Jill replied. “Be sure to try your clothes on tomorrow, we can take anything back that doesn’t fit tomorrow when I get home from work. You and you sister are staying here with your dad tomorrow.” said Amy as she walked out of the room leaving me and Jill alone. Jill reached over a lifted her bed cover revealing a pile of clothes including the white swim suit and a bunch of lace and silk. “You didn’t think I was going to show her everything did you?” she said with a smile. “Thankyou!” I replied. She reached under the cover and pulled out a pair white lacy body suit “Remember, momma told me to try these on tomorrow. I guess you will have to tell me if they fit. I might try some on tonight.” she said with an even bigger grin. I handed her bra that I had been carrying and said “Now I guess I need to give Tonya her panties back. Who’s idea was that anyhow?’ I asked “She noticed I wasn’t wearing any so she wanted to take hers off too. I told her how much you liked it when I didn’t wear any. I have noticed how you watch me when I get dressed and when we are at the pool, you don’t think my bottoms coming down is always an accident do you. I like to know I turn you on and I can tell I do cause you always get a hardon. You don’t mind do you?” “ No honey I don’t mind, we just cant let your mom find out you are doing this. If she notices it we both are going to be in trouble.” “You know you aren’t the only man to see me naked don’t you? Me and Nichole tease her daddy when we are over there but she doesn’t think you haven’t noticed her when she is over here.(Nichole is a very developed black girl with thickness in all the right spots that Jill lives down the street) Have you noticed her flirting with you daddy?” she asked. “Of course I have noticed, there is no way she forgets her swimsuit that often. So she wants me to look at her?” “Yeah, it was her idea for me to tease you today. She told me it would make you want to touch me like her daddy does her, she said it is fun when her daddy touches her. Did I make you want to touch me today daddy?” “Honey, any man would have wanted to touch you seeing you in the outfits I saw you in today but we will talk about that later. Its time for you to go to bed.” I answered as I left her room.

Hearing Amy and Tonya in Tonya’s room I walked in as Amy was walking out. “I told her to get ready for bed” said Amy. When I walked in Tonya was laying on her bed with her back to me. Knowing I still had her panties I couldn’t keep from looking at her little butt cheeks sticking out under her short shorts. After positioning myself where I could see up the leg of her shorts I could see her small brown hole, wondering if her lips were going to be as thick as her sisters I tried to see more. Tonya turned around catching me looking up her shorts. “Jill was right, she told me you would notice me not wearing panties.” I reached my hand out holding her panties out for her to take them. Tonya looked surprised to see me holding them. She took them from my hand and put them in her floor. “Its time for bed honey, you need to get your pajamas on. You don’t have to wear panties if you don’t want to.” I said. She said OK and got up and got out her pajamas and started changing in front of me. I watched her take off her shirt, then her small white training bra. Her little breast were surrounded by the tan line dividing the white from the brown, she had very short but thick nipples. She slid her shirt over her head, hooked her thumbs in her shorts and began pulling them down. When they crossed her knees she pulled one foot through and kicked them in the floor. Looking down trying to see if she was built like her sister all I could see was shirt, her sleep shirt covered the area that was once covered by her shorts. She reached to the bed and got her shorts, as she lifted her leg to slide it in her shorts I could see her small brown bush which I had seen by the pool a few times. Before I could get a good view of my target she had her shorts on. She jumped on the bed and thrower her arms around my neck. “Good night.” she said. About that time Amy came in, I left her to tuck her in. I went by Jill’s room to tell her good night, she told me good night and got in bed. After Tonya went by Jill’s room she sat beside my on the couch. “Did you know Tonya wasn’t wearing panties tonight? She said Jill told her it was OK, I knew Jill didn’t wear them sometimes. I guess she wants to be like her big sister.” “She will be OK, besides that’s less laundry to wash.” I replied. “How are you going to be able to stand it, three girls in your house not wearing panties? And you know one of them is getting real curious don’t you?” “I hope its Jill, Tonya is not old enough to be curious is she?” I asked. I’m sure she is, I have noticed her starting to flirt with the boys in school. Her body is starting to develop too, she will probably be built like her sister. What do you think about Jill’s friend Nichole?” she asked. “I think she is a good girl, we should have her over more.” “She is staying with us tomorrow night and the next day, I have to work. Will you be able to handle all three of them without me?” “I think ill be OK.” I answered thinking about what Jill had told me about her and Nichole earlier. ”Her daddy is bringing her over at about lunch time tomorrow, I bet she forgets her swimsuit and she have to wear one of Jill’s that is too small for her again.” “I think I’ll be alright.” I said. We laid around until Amy went to bed. I couldn’t quit thinking about the days events, Jill’s meaty slit and wondering if Tonya’s was going to be like hers. Then I started thinking about Nichole’s thick ass and beautiful black tits in Jill’s suit. Thinking of these things quickly made my cock hard so I needed a release after a day like this. By now all I had on were my boxers so I eased them down to ankles, closed my eyes imagining Jill teasing Nichole’s dad with views of her meaty slit, wondering if he jacked off thinking of her like I am of his daughter knowing she has to give him a raging hardon too. These thoughts turned to ones of him stretching my baby’s young hole with his thick black cock and me watching my white meat disappear in Nichole’s slick black lips. I was about to cum so I grabbed my boxers and wrapped them around my pulsating cock covering the silk with my cum, sinking back in the couch after the sudden loss of energy. Waking up a while later I gathered my boxers and got in bed.

The next morning I was able to sleep in as Amy got dressed for work, falling back asleep after she left. It was normal routine for the girls to let me know when they woke, so shortly I was woke by Jill standing by the bed. As I opened my eyes I saw her standing still with her eyes focused on my morning wood which was uncovered by the sheet, I didn’t speak just watched her staring at my cock. I figured it was only fair after what she had showed me the day before so I pretended to still be asleep while watching her through a squinted eye, only guessing if she was as happy with what she was looking at as I was with what I saw. Suddenly I saw her put a finger across her lips in the Shh! Position and then wave her hand toward her, It was Tonya. She stood beside Jill looking at my cock too, she then took her hands and held her fingers apart about the same distance as my cock is long. “I know.” I saw Jill whisper. I decided to give them a better view so I rolled onto my back putting my cock in an upright pose. I saw the girl’s eyes grow as it stood there pulsing with my heartbeat. I wondered how many times they had done this before and I didn’t see them. After they had seen enough Jill motioned Tonya out of the room. As Tonya was leaving Jill said “Good morning Daddy.” I pretended to wake not looking down at my boner. “Good morning sweetheart.” I answered. “I’ll be in my room, let me know when you want to start trying on my clothes, does Tonya need to try hers on too? She got a new swimsuit too.” “I’ll look at it later.” I replied. Jill walked out turning her head for one last look. I got out of bed, slipped on a clean pair of boxers and started to Jill’s room. I could hear Jill ending a conversation on the phone “OK, I’ll tell him. Bye.” “Who was that?” I asked. “It was Nichole, she told me to tell you she couldn’t wait to get here and go swimming.” she said with a sneaky smile. I told her she needed to try her clothes on before she got here. I walked to Tonya’s room finding her laying across her bed asleep again. After walking around her bed I discovered she was only wearing her shirt showing her tight little butt so walked around the bed hoping to get a better look at her slit, still wondering what it looked like. Standing behind her, her sheet was piled up between her legs hiding what I wanted to see. “Pretty aint she.” said Jill. I turned to see her standing in the doorway wearing a new pair of jeans with a new t shirt. She spun around showing her clothes to me, her plump butt filling the jeans well. “Looks good.” “I’m going to try some more now.” she answered. I left Tonya’s room and made my way to the couch, waiting to see what Jill had on next. Jill came in and modeled some more shorts and shirts. Then she came in wearing a pair of white cotton shorts with a nice shirt, when she spun around this time I noticed a panty line that hadn’t been there until now. She stood in front of me and lifted her shirt over her head revealing a sexy red silk bra covering her firm tits, then sliding her shorts to the floor showing me a matching pair of red lace panties with a small wedge turning into a string that split her meaty lips. She turned to show me the back, there were two strips of lace crossing her butt cheeks were the edge of regular panties would be with nothing between them framing her plump tanned crack. “I can wear these and people will think I have on panties but everything is exposed.” she said. By now my hard cock was pushing at the opening of my boxers, knowing it could slip out any time. “I thought you would like these.” said Jill staring at the rise in my shorts. She turned her back to me to pick up her clothes, bending over showing me the red lace splitting her lips leaving her holes exposed. “I have one more, I’ll be right back.” Jill ran to her room. Taking an advantage of the time I positioned my swollen cock beside my leg so it wouldn’t be pushing at my shorts. “I got these to wear around the house for you.” said Jill as she entered the room. She was wearing a pair of white spandex boy shorts that left little to the imagination and a white top that ended about six inches from the top of her shorts showing her braless nipples in fine detail. Seeing her again gave my cock all it needed to pulse one good time working its way out of the leg of my boxers. “Honey you are so sexy, why are you doing this to me when there are boys out there your age that would love to see what I have seen?” “Those boys are dumb and I know you love me and won’t tell everybody and ruin my reputation. That is why Nichole said I would like it.” she answered. “Yes honey I love you and no I won’t tell anybody if you don’t. Anything you want honey I will get you, anytime you want to go shopping I will take you. Maybe Nichole would like to go with us too.” I replied. Jill stood up looking at my cock hanging from my boxers. “Thankyou daddy. You really make me feel good.” said Jill as she leaned down and gave me a soft kiss on the lips. “Hey, Jill got me the same outfit daddy!” said Tonya as she entered the room. Jill looked at me and gave me an innocent look. “Can I show it to you?” asked Tonya. “Maybe later baby, I need to take a shower before Nichole and her daddy get here. If you all are going swimming when she gets here, you should get your suits on.” I answered. They went to there rooms as I went to do something about my throbbing cock in the shower.

After pleasing myself to thoughts of my daughters again I put on some clothes and exited the bathroom. 

CHAPTER 3

Walking through the house looking forward to seeing my girls in there new swimsuits I was met by Tonya, she was wearing the outfit Jill bought her like hers. From the front the tight top made her small breasts appear bigger, able to see the brown around her soft nipple. The bottoms barely did cover more than panties, then she turned around. Her little cheeks hanging below the spandex enough to see the tanline from her bikini, she definitely had enough to fill the shorts. “Nice honey, you know you can only wear that around the house right.” “Jill told me to only wear them when mom wasn’t home.” “That might be a better idea, put them where mom cant find them.” I replied. “I’ll hide them in my closet, OK.” she answered. I told her that would be fine as I watched her tight little cheeks go down the and into her bedroom. I could hear the girls talking about their new swimsuits and how they needed some sun to cover their tanline since the new suits were smaller. I knew Jill’s suit was small but I hadn’t seen Tonya’s yet. I went to the pool to straighten up some things and get it ready for the girls. I was outside when I heard Jill yell for me to come inside. When I entered the house the girls were standing in the kitchen talking to Nichole and her dad. Nichole was wearing her gym shorts and a tank top showing off her thick body. I thanked her dad for letting her come over as the girls giggled off into Jill’s room. The entire time we were talking I couldn’t quit thinking about him screwing Nichole and how Jill said he had saw her naked. As we were talking I heard the girl coming down the hall. Jill and Tonya were in their new suits, they wanted to show Nichole’s dad their new suits. Jill was wearing the new blue suit and Tonya had on one identical to hers, even with her small body the suit left little to the imagination. Nichole was still wearing her shorts and top. “Where is your suit Nichole?” asked her dad. “I forgot to put it in my bag. Jill is going to let me wear that one, she said she had another new one she could wear.” she answered. My heart raced as I thought about Nichole’s thick ass in the little blue shorts, then I hit me. Jill was going to wear the yellow one I bought her. Jill and Tonya spun around showing off the new suits and went back to Jill’s room. I could feel my cock starting to grow as I watched my daughters asses go down the hall. Apparently I wasn’t the only one that liked show, when I turned to her dad I noticed the outline of a large dick going down the leg of his shorts pushing at the cloth. As we stood talking my eyes lowered to his crotch and I noticed the outline getting bigger. When I raised my eyes I noticed he was looking over my shoulder down the hall so I turned to see what he was looking at I saw Jill standing with her back to us in her room only wearing the blue top, he was watching Jill undress and now I was too. She turned to her side and removed her top giving us a perfect view of her firm little breasts as she continued talking to the girls. “Well I had better be going, it looks like you’re going to have your hands full today.” “Yeah, I hope my heart can handle it.” I answered. As he exited the door I turned back to Jill’s room too see her pulling the yellow bottom across her cheeks tugging the small string between her tight cheeks, it disappearing leaving the small triangle resting on top of her plump cheeks. With her suit on the girls headed to the pool, with Tonya in front and Nichole following Jill. As they paraded through the kitchen Jill stopped in front of me looking in my eyes, “Don’t Nichole look good in my suit daddy?” she asked. As I turned to look at Nichole I saw the small blue top stretched across her thick breasted leaving just enough string to tie at her neck, the bottoms pressed tight against her mound giving a perfect outline of her bald pussy. When she spun around the shorts were pulled tight across the top of her thick black butt pulling the rest of the material between her cheeks. I felt my hard cock begin to throb, as I noticed all three girls were looking at my cock pushing at my shorts. “I think he likes it Nichole.” said Tonya. “I do too.” said Nichole. Jill just stood there grinning. “Come on, lets go get some sun.” said Jill grabbing Nichole by the hand leading her outside with Tonya following.

With the girls by the pool I walk to the kitchen window where I see Jill and Nichole laying in chairs while Tonya is swimming around the pool. With their backs to me I can only imagine what they are discussing. Shortly they join Tonya in the pool, not staying long they returned to the chairs in front of the window when Jill saw me watching them through the window . After laying the chairs flat they a laid on their stomachs facing the pool, giving me a nice view of their wet suits. Jill’s and Tonya’s suit covered their thick slits well but the two sizes too small suit Nichole was wearing did little to cover her young slit. While standing at the window with my shorts around my ankles stroking my hard cock waiting to get a peek at one of the beautiful love holes in front of me it started, Nichole stood up straddling the chair. With her leg spread wide the blue bottom slid up between her smooth black lips, leaning forward to move her chair pulled it deeper releasing enough lips to wrap around the blue material. With her lips wrapping around the suit she laid back down. Feeling the cloth tight on her pussy she stuck a finger between her butt and the suit pulling the suit over to one side revealing her complete love hole, it was nothing like I expected, her lips were apart looking like they had just been spread apart by her daddy’s thick cock I had seen earlier trying to get out of his shorts. She had definitely been stretched out a time or two. In a deep trance at Nichole I didn’t notice that Jill had gotten back in the pool and Tonya was on her way to join her, Nichole quickly got up too. 

I continue pleasing myself as I watch the girls splashing around, hoping for a good shot of some tits. I see Jill whispering to Nichole before they exit the pool. As Nichole returns to her chair she looks directly at me as she unties the strings on her back lifts the top over her head throwing it on her chair as she turns her chair facing the window and lays on her back with a leg on each side of t he chair. With her on her back her firm brown tits spread apart just enough to see her face between them, her hands resting between her legs. While stareing at the her hands resting on the blue cloth stretched across her slit she slid a finger in her bottoms and began to rub her lips. After a few rubs she hooked her finger on the suit and pulled it to the side exposing her well used hole that looked so welcoming due to the brief rub it had received. As I looked at the pink hole I could only wonder how her dad had to be enjoying the young love she had been giving him. When Jill and Tonya returned they also turned their chairs and laid on their backs assuming the same position spreading their legs over the chairs. Even with Nichole’s exposed pussy I couldn’t quit looking at the my two daughter’s barely covered pussys on display in front of me. It wasn’t long before my girls had removed their tops like Nichole, I didn’t know how much longer my throbbing cock could stand. As they giggled and squirmed around in the chairs the bottoms clung tighter to the hidden treasures I seeked to find. Watching Tonya I was excited to see her bottoms had slid over just enough to release some of her sandy brown pubics and a strip of untanned flesh next to her still unviewed pussy. Scared to move my eyes and miss my chance I stroked my cock and waited. Suddenly she reached down and pulled the shorts up uncovering her thin bush to fix an itch. Feeling my cock swell I stared as she scratched deeper moving her suit just enough for one side of her young slit to be uncovered. To my satisfaction she revealed a thin long lip much like her sister’s driving me to my end. With no warning I released a thick stream of cum against the cabinet door as she removed her hand leaving the long lip hanging from her suit. I glanced across the beauties in front of me squeezing the last drops from my balls, ending at Nichole’s still exposed hole. After cleaning my load from the wood I thought I would join them by the pool so I went to the bedroom and changed into my swim trunks. By the time I joined them they had rolled over to their stomachs still with their tops in a pile by the chairs.

