Webslut Madison
byRockwellray0©

Webslut Madison Ch. 23

Her online presence starts to catch up with her.

It was Monday again. Still January, but January was starting to fade. Madison could hardly wait for spring and the chance to show her body off all the time without looking as out of place as she had for the last couple of weeks. It had been six days since she momentarily posted her reveal of her "Webslut Madison" identity to her social media while Dan fucked her. Of course, she immediately took the posts down, but still - she had to wonder.

Every day, she thought about the fact that if any of her friends or followers had been browsing their feeds, they could have easily seen her posts. All it would have taken was a moment. But six days later, nobody had said anything, nobody had messaged her. There was one other night when at about 3 AM she had woken up extremely horny, and she posted alerting anyone who was awake know all about her, thinking that probably nobody was awake, but knowing they would have a real eye-opener if they were.

3:05 AM: "Hi, go google Webslut Madison. It's me acting like a complete slut."

3:06 AM: "I really want everything I say in the videos. I want to be exposed everywhere and ruined."

3:08 AM: "if anyone is awake please let me know you saw my last post. I would cum so hard. I'm such a dirty little slut"

3:09 AM: "Or start talking dirty to me. Tell me I'm a whore. Tell me what to do to my slut body."

And by 3:11, Madison had achieved orgasm and deleted the posts. She was a little disappointed nobody had messaged her, but still, she had one earth-shaking middle of the night orgasm.

By Monday, however, all was mostly forgotten, and Madison was trying to make it through another day of classes. This time, she started out the week with a level 2 shirt again, this one was a T-shirt she had cut off herself to show about five inches of her stomach. A leather jacket and jeans completed the outfit for a brutally cold winter day. And of course, she had the word "slut" written on her chest, above her tits, where nobody could see it, except every once in a while she peeked down her shirt to remind herself of what she was.

Madison had just finished her last class of the day and walked out of the classroom when she heard a voice from her right calling her name.

"Madison?" She turned to look.

"Mike?" She said. She recognized him, they had been in freshman orientation together. He was a sweetheart, she thought, and a little shy, but definitely a friend that she would never have dated. He would make some girl very happy - not her. He was a little heavy and had curly blonde hair that gave the impression that he might start balding at any moment. And really, to her, "Mikey" as she affectionately called him did not seem all that masculine.

"Hey, Madison, how have you been?"

"Good," she said. "You?" She felt his eyes on her stomach, exposed completely, and had to remind herself that she was not allowed to put her jacket on until she got outside - and even then she could not intentionally cover her stomach. "God, this is weird," she thought. "He's never looked at me like this before." Madison felt like a piece of meat standing there letting this dorky guy ogle her. "I guess maybe he hasn't ever seen me dress like this," she thought.

"Good. Hey, I have a question." He motioned her over to the side away from the crowd of students leaving class.

"What, what's going on?"

"Oh," Mike said, trying to find the words. "I saw some weird post you made the other day. I don't know what to think - is it true?"

Madison gulped and her heart instantly leapt into her throat. "Um," she began, "I mean, what do you mean weird posts?" Her heart was racing. He had seen something, and she knew it. "Fuck! How am I going to get out of this one?"

"Something about, um -" he began. He leaned in close so he could whisper to her. "About Webslut Madison and stuff," he said nervously.

"Shit!" Madison thought. She could barely contain herself. Her hands shook with nerves. She had never felt more humiliated in her life! "Um - oh, that," she stammered, trying to come up with a story. "Some asshole hacked into my account. I got it taken care of in a few minutes. Hopefully nobody else really saw that, god, it's so embarrassing!"

"Really?" Mike asked. He looked like he didn't believe her. Madison knew she had to be more convincing.

"Yeah, just some asshole," she went on. "I mean - shit, he made it sound like I'm begging for it or something. What a jerk! I mean - I assume it was a guy, anyway."

"Well - I mean - it didn't really look like - I mean - look," Mike countered, stammering. "The Webslut Madison videos - it looked like you wanted it - like you enjoy it."

"Fuck! He's seen all the videos! Fuck fuck fuck!" A look of horror came across Madison's face. She felt sick to her stomach. "Look, I - I need to get some air," she said. "I have to go."

"Wait!" He said. But she had turned and walked off.

"God damn it!" She muttered to herself. "How could I be so stupid? Post to Facebook and Instagram telling all my friends I'm a fucking Webslut and expect them not to notice! What a fucking stupid-"

"Madison, wait!"

"What, Mike?" She said as she walked outside. She put her bag down and put on her jacket, her shirt riding up as she stuck her arms in the sleeves. She watched as Mike's eyes grew wide looking at her exposed midriff. She shuddered thinking of what this seemingly sweet guy had on his mind.

"So it's true!" He said, his eyes wide. "I mean, the videos, they laid it all out pretty good, but, damn, Madison! Is that why you dress like that?"

"Mike, please!" She said. She was a millisecond away from losing her shit. She sniffled, trying to hold back tears. "He's so sweet and even he just sees me as a set of holes!" She thought to herself.

"So everyone knows? That was the idea, right?"

"No! No, Mike!" She said, dragging him down the sidewalk and out of earshot of any onlookers. "Okay, okay. It's true. Are you happy?"

"I mean-"

"Don't answer that. I deleted the post, okay? I don't want anyone to know!"

"I don't get it. Why post it then?"

"Because I'm sick in the head, Mike. I get off on that. Risky shit. Fucked up shit. Okay? I just wanted to get off!"

"Yeah, I mean, when I saw you getting gang fucked and freezing your tits off in a park and getting slapped to tears by some random asshole I should have figured that, I guess."

"Okay. Are we good? Did you get what you want, Mike? You can go beat off now thinking about how much of a slut I am, okay?" Madison wiped a tear from her eye.

"No, that's not really -"

"You didn't tell anyone, did you?"

"Not yet."

"What do you mean, not yet?"

"That all depends, slut."

"Don't fucking call me that, Mike! Okay?"

"I just call 'em like I see 'em."

Wow, what a dick! Madison thought to herself. Who does he think he is?!

"And what does it depend on, or do I even want to know?" Madison asked, still holding back tears.

Mike got three inches from her face and told her exactly what was on his mind. "I'm going to fuck you, Madison. You nasty little trampy, skimpy-outfit obsessed, insatiable little cum rag. I'm going to treat you like those assholes in the video. Write nasty shit on you, slap you until you cry, and fuck your pretty little mouth until you gag. Got it?"

"Fuck you, Mike. You're ruining our friendship doing this, I hope you know that. In fact, you know what, you already ruined it, so go fuck yourself!"

Mike just smiled as he reached out and touched Madison's exposed midriff. "I don't care. I've wanted this. You. And now?"

"Don't! Or I will say you raped me!"

"Then the whole fucking school finds out all your dirty little secrets. Is that what you want?"

"I wouldn't go around spreading revenge porn," Madison said, asserting herself. "You can get in a lot of trouble for that these days."

"It's not revenge porn when there are three dozen videos out there where you say how much you want it!" Madison had barely noticed Mike was now grabbing her exposed hip, caressing her, his dick becoming hard just from the touch. She didn't know what to do. If she ran, he was sure to follow through. Then the whole school would know all about her. Then again, would it matter? They would probably all know soon enough anyway.

"You know, most guys at least take me to dinner or something first," Madison interjected finally, trying to defuse the situation and maybe even put off what seemed, at that moment, inevitable.

"Yeah, most guys don't know how much of a whore you are. Tell you what. I'll even pay you - two dollars. Isn't that what you're turning into anyway?"

Madison was getting angry now. "Do what you want, I'm not a whore!"

Mike pulled up a video on his phone. Not just any video, the one of Madison begging the stranger to slap her. "Hey, everybody!" He called out loudly.

"Okay! Okay!" Madison said. Tears streamed down her face.

"I'm not taking you to dinner."

"You're an ass." Madison said. "Do it, but don't expect me to enjoy it."

"That's a good slut," Mike whispered.

"So what's your plan, big shot, fuck me on the sidewalk?"

"No. Your place. Nobody's there now, right?"

"Umm - yeah, actually -"

"Madison - I don't believe that at all. You're constantly taking pictures at your place -"

"And what are you going to do when we get there and my roommate is there?"

"Let her watch."

"Mike!"

"Like your roommate wouldn't know about you - like I know about you?" Madison just shook her head.

"Please. Keep this quiet, okay?" She begged. "I let you, um - use me - and you keep your big mouth shut. Right?"

"For how long?"

"Forever."

"You honestly think you're going to be able to keep this from getting out? Come on, you've been begging for it, it's just a matter of time!"

"Mike," said Madison, "quit while you're ahead and take my offer." She grabbed his hand and placed it on her left breast momentarily, stopping him in his tracks, but she moved it back to her midriff before anyone noticed.

"A month?"

"A month? What do you mean a month?"

"I use you, you keep me quiet for a month."

"And then what? You put me through this all over again? Blackmail me for sex to keep you quiet? If I were you I'd keep my mouth shut for good before I decide being repeatedly forced to give you my body isn't worth saving my reputation for a few more weeks."

"Oh, forget it. Come on. Your place. I'll keep my mouth shut." Mike decided he'd better just fuck her and slap her around before she changed her mind. After all, he didn't want to physically force her into it, he just wanted to put her in a situation where having sex with him and letting him slap her around was better than the alternative.

"You know, you're a lousy friend," Madison said when they got to her apartment.

"See, we have the place all to ourselves," Mike pointed out as she opened the door, almost completely ignoring what she said at first. "And I'm a good friend, that's why I'm giving you an out before I expose you to everyone I know."

"You don't even give a fuck about me! You just want to use me to get yourself off!"

"That's what girls like you are for, Madison," he said as he closed the door. "You said in the videos you wanted guys to use you to get off, didn't you? Or was that just a lie?"

"No, it's just -"

Mike slapped her hard across the face. "Tell me the truth, whore."

"Owww!" Madison started to cry. "It's the truth, it's just -"

Mike slapped her even harder. "Just what?"

"Just (sob) not like this! Not - "

"Not some guy you've been friends with using you in exchange for his silence?"

"Yeah," Madison said, looking at the floor.

He struck her again. "I thought you liked being slapped around? Or is that just when random old perverts do it?"

"Owww, Mike! Please, please! It's just -"

"Just what?" He grabbed her throat and pulled her close and spit on her nose harshly.

"(Sob) It's just - easier when it's -"

"When it's not somebody you know using you?"

"Yeah. This is so degrading!"

"Good. Take off the jacket."

Madison glared at him as she slowly took her left arm out of the jacket and then her right. Mike grabbed her hips and pushed her backward into her bedroom, not being shy about touching her body.

"You just love dressing like a slut, don't you?"

Madison didn't answer. She couldn't find the words. Mike slapped her right cheek this time. "Answer me, slut."

"Not really, I -" Mike slapped her again.

"Owww!"

"You're lying, you slut! You've been flaunting your little body all over campus! I've lost count of how many times your slutty little stomach has been on display lately! Teasing everyone! And I know I saw a video where you wanted to be forced to dress like a slut constantly!" He hit her again. "You're just trying to get me to slap you, aren't you, you fucking cunt!" Mike pulled her hair, forcing her onto the bed, and started raining slaps down on her face.

"Ow! Owww owwwww owwwwww!" She cried out. Tears streamed down her face.

"Tell me the truth, Madison."

Madison took a breath through her sobs. She couldn't believe she had let this happen, but here she was, being abused and degraded by someone she had thought of as a friend, someone she thought was sweet and innocent. And she wasn't even sure she didn't enjoy it! She felt disgusted with herself as she realized she was even starting to get a little wet as a result of the way he was treating her.

"I don't like it," Madison said finally. "I just - I can't help myself. I had to set rules so -"

"So what?"

"So I wouldn't chicken out, I guess. I liked the fantasy of it. Of everyone looking at me like - like you do. Even touching me."

"Like this?" Mike asked. Madison sat motionless as Mike pushed her onto her back and caressed her flat stomach, flicking her little belly ring, placing a hand on her breast and giving a squeeze.

"You like feeling like a dirty little slut, don't you?" Mike asked.

Madison pondered her response for a moment before she replied. Her body was starting to betray her. Deep in her pussy, despite how repulsed she was with both Mike's behavior and with herself, she was starting to feel the twinge of arousal.

"So you watched all the videos?"

"Yeah. All of them."

"So you should know how to turn me on and make me do shit I'll regret."

Mike pulled her up into a seated position by her hair and gave her three hard slaps to her face. "You dirty, fucking skank!" He practically screamed. "I know slapping your face gets you going. Come on, slut! Tell me you want more!"

Madison started to cry. Why was she insinuating she wanted it?! She probably could have just let him cum in her throat by now and sent him packing, repulsed with herself and all. But no, she was prolonging it - why? She wondered.

"I get it, I have to hit you some more, is that it?" He grabbed her throat and spit on her face and gave her an incredibly hard slap to her already pink cheek. "You're a whore, Madison. A two dollar whore. And you love it and you know it and I know it! (Slap) You're just a loose nasty slut (slap) who likes to take any dick you can find (slap) and you (slap) need (slap) to (slap) be (slap) used!"

"Owww, ohhhhohoh! Please, Mike, ohhhh please!" Madison sobbed. Her face was on fire. She had never been slapped this hard in her life. She hated Mike, hated him for putting her through this. And she was getting more turned on by the second! Her body was betraying her!"

"Please what?"

Madison just shook her head.

"Now, do you like dressing up like a slutty set of holes and letting everyone look at your body?" He hit her again.

"I - I - I love dressing like a slut and I'm never going to stop - is that what you wanted?"

He slapped her again. He grabbed her cut off shirt and pulled it over her head in an instant.

"Holy shit, you - it says right there you're a slut!" He slapped her again. "Now, admit it, tell me you're a slut!"

"I - I'm a slut. A dirty little slut for abuse. To be exposed and fucked."

"Good. How does it feel to admit that?"

"Like shit," she said through her tears.

Mike unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them off her body, with Madison offering no resistance whatsoever. He slid her panties to the side and touched her aching pussy.

"You said in the videos you wanted everyone to see you as a slut. And look how fucking wet you are!"

"Mike -"

"What a slut!"

"Mike - I - okay, I'm a slut - I like it - I - mike, ohhhh, touch my cunt, Mike! Make me! Make me a bigger slut! I can't take it anymore!" She moaned as he started to touch her more forcefully.

"That's better," he said.

"I fucking hate that I need this but I need to accept it. I'm a slut for use. Fucking hit me, Mike! Is that what you want! Me begging you for abuse?

"Yes! You filthy little cunt! Tell me what you need!"

"I'm begging you, hit me and use me any way you want! I want this to happen over and over, and I'll try to stop it but I can't! I want everybody in school to see me, to know that they can just come and use me!"

"So you do want me to tell everyone?"

"Noooo! I want to take it slow, I just - in my fantasies -"

Mike pulled her off the bed and turned her around. He unclasped her bra and she took it and threw it across the room.

"Bend over the bed, slut."

"What?"

Mike pushed her until her top half was on the bed, her feet on the floor. He took off his belt.

"Mike?"

"You're such a dirty little slut, I'm going to punish you." He let the belt fly through the air and land across her ass.

"Owwww!"

"Owwww! Mike!" He stopped for a moment to feel her aching pussy.

"You are so fucking wet."

"Please, Mike - please - oh God, please!"

"Owwww!"

"Please what, slut?"

"Please give me more!"

"Owwww!"

"Count them out!"

"Owwwww, one!"

"Owwwwww! Two! I'm such a slut!"

"Ever had your ass whipped with a belt before, slut?"

"No! Owwww, three, but I - I need it!"

"Owwww, four, thank you!"

"Ohhhh! Five!"

Mike leaned closer and grabbed Madison's panties and pulled them down to her ankles, and she stepped out of them.

"Tell me what you are. Tell me what you deserve."

"I'm a dumb little exposed Webslut and I need to be used. I deserve the abuse. I'm a cunt and I need it."

"Owwwww, six!"

"This is for exposing your body all over the internet like a whore!"

"Owwww, seven, I'm an exposed whore!"

"This is for dressing like a slut and teasing me!"

"Ohhhh! Eight, I always dress like a slut!"

"This is for fucking seven guys in one night!"

"Owwww! Nine, I'm a dirty little gangbang toy!"

"And this is for sucking off a guy three times your age!"

"Owwww, ohhhh, I'm such a slut for nasty old men!"

"Good," Mike said as he tossed the belt down. He got closer and touched her moist pussy. "Fuck, you are wet!"

"Please don't, mike!"

"Don't what?"

"Don't - please don't touch me there. I'm so turned on, but - please, I - I want to take it all back!"

"Take what all back?"

"Being exposed, being a slut."

"And why did you decide that all of the sudden?"

"Because I have asshole friends like you that are just going to want to fuck me instead of being my friend."

"If it turns you on, who cares?"

"I care. Because you're acting like I'm some whore you can just use to get off and throw back in the gutter."

"Maybe I want to use you and stay friends, like, we could be friends with benefits."

"Look. The only reason I'm doing this is so you don't out me to the whole school, okay? When your first question is 'is it true, are you really a slut' that says it all. Not hey Madison, I think you're sexy, want to hang out, no - all you care about is getting your dick wet."

"You fucking bitch!"

"Well you're forcing me to let you use me, so who's fucking over who here?"

"Shut the fuck up!" Mike grabbed some zip ties out of his pocket and pinned Madison to the bed. He grabbed her left hand, then her right, and zip tied her wrists together as she struggled.


