Well I Thought It Had Gotten Worse
by Sabineteas©
I had fallen asleep in the car, naked, and Rob was driving us up north to the lake. I had hardly any clothes with me. Rob was being a shit. He seemed to be enjoying himself immensely. After he saw those god damn pictures that Marilyn took of me he has taken advantage of me.

So far he has made me throw all my bras away. He makes me stay naked all the time that I am home. He spanked me in front of Dan and Liz, our neighbors. He made me screw him on the screen porch and Dan and Liz saw us, not everything but they had to know what we were doing. He screwed me up the ass which was the first time ever for me, which I didn't like at all. He exposed me in a swimsuit store to a clerk. And the bastard took me to an adult store and embarrassed the hell out of me there. And now, on the way up north he made me cut the lining out of the two swimsuits and then when a truck pulled up next to us he had me strip so this guy and girl saw me naked.

I'm not a prude. I could deal with being naked at home and maybe a loving spanking from time to time but Rob was having way too much fun with this for me to be comfortable. I'll admit that being naked at home had given me some tingles but I would never admit that to Rob.

I woke up to Rob shaking my shoulder. I didn't know where we were. I looked around and yelped, ducking down in my seat. We were parked at the pumps of a gas station!

"Rob I need some clothes!"

"Put on your suit."

"Rob, you can see right through it! I need some clothes!"

"Beth..."

"God damnit Rob, I need some clothes!"

"Beth..."

I looked at him and he didn't look friendly at all. I put my suit on, fuming. I looked down and I was right. My nipples and aureoles showed and my bush was visible. I looked out the window on my side and there were no cars there and I leaned forward and there were no cars on Rob's side either. I breathed a sigh of relief.

"Get out and gas up the car."

"Rob, I can't go out like this!"

"Beth..."

"Rob, I am serious!"

"All right Beth, let me explain this to you. You will get out and pump gas. Or I will come around to your side of the car, drag you out and spank your ass until you tell me you will. Is that clear?"

"YES!"

"Then why are you still in the car?"

I opened my door and got out and slammed it shut. Then I walked around behind the car and opened the fill door and took the cap off. I grabbed the nozzle and hit the button for the grade just as a pickup pulled up behind our car. I turned to put my back to it and shoved the nozzle in the fill tube. Then I realized that the suit I had on was a string and my ass was bare except for a string running up my ass crack. I wanted to kill Rob! I turned sideways to the pickup and stood there trying to ignore the jack pine savage who got out of it.

I was minding my own business.

"Nice suit lady."

I turned to see a middle aged man grinning at me. I turned beet red.

"I've never seen a suit quite like that before lady. Is it a new style?"

I turned redder. I ignored him. He started the pump for his pickup and walked over to lean against our trunk. I glanced at him and he was smiling and looking at me.

"Fabric's a little thin lady."

GOD DAMNIT! I was going to kill Rob! I looked around for Rob but he was nowhere to be seen. If I turned around to face away the guy was going to see my bare ass! I got as close to the car as I could so he couldn't see the bottoms, which were not hiding anything. Neither was the top for that matter. And my fucking traitorous nipples had gotten hard!

"Mister shouldn't you be watching your pump?"

"Aw lady, I'm filling it up. Besides the view is nicer here than over there. Are you from around here?"

FUCK! I didn't even know where we were!

"No."

"Didn't think so. I would have recognized you if you were."

My pump clicked off. Oh I hate my husband! I removed it and leaned over to put it back. I kept as close to the car as possible. Where the hell was Rob? The man was still leaning on our trunk when Rob came walking back whistling. I glared at him. He smiled at me and nodded to the man.

"This your wife mister?"

"Yes, she is."

"She sure is a fine figure of a woman, if I do say so myself."

I was still beet red. Rob walked up behind me and put his hands on my hips.

"I think she is too."

He pulled the strings on the sides of my hips and pulled the suit bottoms between my legs and off.

"Get in the car Beth."

I looked daggers over my shoulder at him. The rotten bastard! He just turned and walked up to his door, opened it and got in the car. Leaving me bottomless in the gas station. I took a breath and walked around the back of the car. The man eyes traveled from mine to my barely covered tits and down to my bush.

"Yes, ma'am, that is a different suit for sure."

I scurried around him and the car and got to my door. I opened it and leaped in, slamming it behind me.

"How could you do that to me?"

"You had on more than what you did at the rest stop Beth. Remember?"

Don't fucking remind me Rob. That's what got me into this lovely situation.

"Give me my bottoms, please."

"Sure Beth. Here."

I snatched them out of his hand and had to lift up my ass to get the back under me and then tie the sides. All the while Rob was glancing at me and smiling. The string up my ass crack felt really strange and kept reminding me that my ass might as well be bare. I was not fucking enjoying this a bit!

Rob drove us down the highway and I sat and fumed. My nipples finally went down. I ignored Rob and he was content to just drive and hum along with the radio. My mind was running a mile a minute trying to figure a way out of this. I turned over idea after idea and none of them were any good at all. I finally gave up and stared out the window.

We came to a larger town south of our cabin and I ducked down again. Rob turned right at the lights.

"Where are you going?"

"We need to get food for the week Beth."

"I'll wait in the car."

"No you won't."

"I can't go in there like this!"

"I'll get you a pair of shorts."

"I want a shirt too."

"I'll get you a pair of shorts."

"Rob, damnit!"

"Beth..."

"Fine, show your wife's tits to everyone!"

"They're covered."

I snorted. Like hell they're covered! Rob pulled into the parking lot. He got out and leaned back in to the car.

"Come to the trunk Beth."

Fine, if he wanted everyone in this town to see my bare ass, fine. I got out and as soon I did I got nervous instead of angry. I scurried back to the trunk. Rob had opened it and was poking through the suitcase. I saw a pair of shorts and snatched them out and almost leaped into them. Rob chuckled. I glared at him.

"This is not funny Rob!"

He just looked at me. His eyes went to my tits and I flushed.

"Come on Beth."

He started walking to the grocery store and I had to almost trot to catch up with him.

"Rob, if you let me stay in the car I'll give you a blow job when we get to the cabin."

"Beth, you may do that anyway. But for now we are going shopping."

I gritted my teeth.

"FINE!"

He just kept walking and I had to hurry to keep up with him. We went through the doors and hit the air conditioning and my nipples got erect again. This was going to be so humiliating! Rob sauntered through the produce picking up things and then we walked up and down every aisle in the store. I had lowered my eyes and kept them on the floor. I was too embarrassed to look at anyone. Every now and then I glanced at my nipples and they were sticking out so much! I might as well have taken the top off! I can't tell you how many people we met in the aisles, just that it was too many but the worst part was the register.

We had a full cart and plenty of food. It was going to take forever to ring our stuff up. I tried to hang back but Rob made me go first and take everything out of the cart. The girl at the register at first looked startled to see what I looked like, but then she got this huge smirk on her face. I turned beet red again and I had to stand there and pull everything out of the cart. And then when I was done I glanced down the register. OH FUCK! This was the store that they bagged the groceries for you and a young man was at the end bagging. He looked up just as I looked down and he got this huge grin on his face. I got even redder.

My fucking nipples were so hard and sticking out so much! I was going to kill Rob in his sleep tonight. It would be justifiable homicide. No jury would convict me.

"Just wait at the end until I've paid Beth."

I glared at Rob and walked down to the end where the young man was. I turned my back to him and stared off down the registers. Finally everything was rung up and paid for and we could get out of the damn store. The young man followed us and we went to our car. Rob opened the trunk and then the suitcase.

"Put your shorts in the suitcase Beth."

That rotten bastard! Well fuck him! If he wanted to show me off, then damnit I would show him something! I pushed my shorts down and off and threw them in the suitcase. I glared at Rob and reached up and untied my top and tossed that in the suitcase too. He was smiling at me. The kid was staring at me. My tits were out in the open, nipples hard as diamonds. I'll show you Rob! I pulled the ties on the sides of my bottoms and pulled them off and tossed them in the suitcase too. I was bare ass naked in the grocery store parking lot! Rob smiled again. I started to walk to my door.

"No Beth. You can wait here until we've packed the groceries."

My stomach fell. DAMNIT! Now I wanted to hide. You stupid woman! Rob made me stand naked in front of that kid while the two of them packed the groceries in the trunk. I was so fucking embarrassed! I thought he would not want the kid to see me and he acted like he didn't care. And I was tingling down low. Oh my God, I can't be getting turned on by this! A pickup truck drove behind us and the horn honked. I fucking near jumped over the car. They finally finished with the groceries. The kid looked me up and down and grinned. Then he walked away I am sure to tell all his buddies about the woman who stripped in front of him in the parking lot. Rob didn't even look at me, he just walked to his door and got in the car. I scurried up to my door and leaped into the car, slamming my door shut.

"Rob, honey, I'll blow you every day if you stop this."

"Beth, darling, did I tell you to take your clothes off in front of that kid?"

"No."

"So let me think about this, darling. First I find pictures on our computer of you with two guys at a rest stop. And you're naked. You're bare assed naked with two strangers. Now we stop for groceries and you strip naked in front of the bag boy. I think you like it Beth. And who am I to keep you from doing something you like?"

"Rob, honey, I don't like it."

Thank God he didn't know about my caddy and the pizza guy. God, if I could only blank his memory out. Unfortunately, that wasn't going to happen any time soon. If he ever found out about that and oh God the kids at the lake. I was fucked, totally fucked. If Rob ever found out about those things my ass was grass. Rob started the car and off we went. It was another hour or so to our cabin. A very long hour filled with silence. I loved my husband with all my heart but everything was getting to be too much for me. I didn't want to be shown off or to show off, did I?

We got to the cabin and Rob parked next to it. He got out and leaned in.

"Get out Beth. I'll get the suitcase and unlock the place. You can start carrying in the groceries."

"But Rob, I'm naked!"

"Yes, I know you are."

He went to the trunk, popped it open and walked by the car with the one and only suitcase. The jerk! I got out naked and went to the trunk and got one bag of groceries and trotted to the cabin door. I yanked it open and stormed inside, dumping the bag on the table. I walked into the bedroom and Rob was unpacking our suitcase. He looked at me.

"All the groceries in already?"

"No."

"Then what are you doing here?"

"Rob, please..."

"Beth.."

"Fine Rob, I'll go out naked and get the groceries."

"Yes, you will Beth. And when they are all in the cabin and you have put everything in the refrigerator that needs to go in there, come to the screen porch. I'll be there."

I stormed off, steam boiling off my head. Rob let me get everything we bought at the store. I got it all in the cabin and put all the groceries away and folded the bags up. I didn't want to go out to the screen porch. But finally there was nothing else I could do to delay that any longer. I walked out and Rob was sitting on a chair to the table we had out there. He didn't say a word at first, he just grabbed my arm and pulled me over his knee.

"No, Rob, no, honey..."

SMACK!

I yelped as his hand swatted my bare ass. He had twisted the arm he grabbed into the small of my back and held me down.

"Beth, you have an attitude and have had it all day."

SMACK!

"I am tired of it."

SMACK!

"I am up here to have a good time together."

SMACK!

"If you can't change your attitude, then you can expect more of this."

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

"OWEEEE! OWEEE!

"You are going to change your attitude, right Beth?"

SMACK!

"OWEEE!"

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK!

I was kicking and squirming and I couldn't get away from him. My ass was hot. My nipples had hardened. God, Beth, you can't be liking this! Rob let go of my arm and I slid off his lap to my knees and frantically rubbed my hot ass. He then unzipped his pants and took his cock out and just pointed to it. I scrambled over to him and grasped it and lowered my mouth over it and started sucking him. Rob just leaned back and stroked my hair while I sucked. He got hard really fast. I kept sucking until I felt him harden even more in my mouth. I knew he was close to coming. I wanted to lift up my head and rub him off, but I was afraid of being spanked more than I had been already, so I just kept sucking. He kept stroking my hair and then he erupted in my mouth, five or six spurts hitting the back of my throat. I gagged, but kept sucking until he stopped and then with my mouth still around his cock, I swallowed. I kept him in my mouth until he went soft and then I let him slip out.

Rob bent forward and helped me get off my knees and then pulled me down to his lap. He held me and stroked my back and I buried my face in his neck. God, I had acted just like a slut! I was embarrassed at myself. 

"We are going to have a good time this week Beth, aren't we?"

"Yes, honey."

"You're going to be a good girl Beth, aren't you?"

"Yes, honey."

"You aren't going to argue with me, are you Beth?"

"No honey."

His right hand found one of my breasts and cupped it, squeezing it gently and his thumb rubbed over my nipple, making me moan.

"If I tell you to do something, you'll mind, won't you Beth?"

"Yes, honey."

Rob laughed. He made me look at him

"Beth, you are one of the strongest willed women I have ever met. Any bets on how long before you argue with me or tell me no?"

I ruefully smiled at him. It felt so good to be in his arms.

"No honey."

He laughed again. He rubbed his thumb across my nipple again. I moaned again and snuggled up against him. My ass was still hot but my lower parts were tingling. My nipples too.

"Come on Beth, let's cut up some cheese and sausage and have some with some wine. Then we can decide what else we can do tonight."

He gave me a sneaky grin which I returned. We got up and went into the kitchen. God, I loved my husband! Even if he was being a total shit!
