Beach Exploration
by Illicit Writer 

Clutching her unfastened bikini top, Missy flipped over 
to her stomach, feeling the sun's warmth seep into her 
body. She inhaled, filling her lungs with air before 
slowly exhaling. The tensions, problems flow away and 
she could feel her body relax for the first time in 
ages. This day off was a good idea... a very good idea. 

"Need some suntan oil on your back?"

Startled, Missy lifted her head and fluttered open her 
eyes. A tall, masculine figure loomed over her. He 
smiled, his hands rubbing together, glistening with oil.

"Ummm..." She cleared her throat to refuse, but before 
she could anything more, he knelt and she feel strong 
hands on her back. Her last vestige of resistance melted 
away as his hands moved up to her neck, kneading, 
pushing her head back to the towel.

The hands continue to massage her neck and shoulders. It 
felt so good and she allowed herself to fall into those 
strong hands.

"What's your name?"

"Missy."

"Missy..." His deep voice coddled her name. "Unique. It 
fits the woman." 

His hands delved down the spine, his fingers pressing 
into her muscles so deep it bordered on pain. But 
somehow, it caused her to relax instead of tensing up. 
As he got to the base of her back, she was surprised at 
the disappointment growing within her. Disappointed that 
this stranger would soon be done touching she. 
Disappointed that this encounter would soon be over. 

His hands move back and forth along the bottom of her 
back and then just a bit further down. They danced just 
below the top of her bathing suit. She bit her bottom 
lip and said nothing. The hands stopped, but stayed 
touching her. She felt just how far his fingers were 
under her suit and she began to blush.

The fingers withdrew, slowly and sensually, and then his 
touch was gone. She began to lift her head to thank him 
when electric pleasure shot through her body. He had put 
his hand on her pussy in the middle of this public 
beach!

She knew she should tell him to stop. His fingers move 
up and down against her lips before stopping at her 
clit. He pressed hard, almost roughly, and she felt 
herself get wet in response.

"Missy, I think you need more than suntan lotion. Am I 
right?"

She froze, unsure. Two fingers embrace her clit and he 
began to squeeze. Hot pleasure radiated within her body.

"Missy, I am not going to ask again."

With closed eyes, she nodded her head and whispered, 
"Yes."

"What?" His voice cracked like a whip.

She spoke louder, "Yes, I do."

He chuckled and his fingers continued their massage, 
building her pleasure. Suddenly he stopped and stood up. 
"Follow me." 

She instinctively reached back to refasten her top.

"No. Don't."

Her hands froze at his command, and she looked up at him 
questioningly, but saw that he was already striding 
away. She scrambled up, clutching her top. She looked 
around to see if anyone noticed the erotic encounter. 
Thankfully, it appeared to have gone without notice. 
People played in the water, lay on the beach, farther 
down a beach volleyball game was in full swing. She saw 
a couple of teen age boys leer at she, but then teen age 
boys were always leering.

The stranger was still walking away and she had to run 
to catch up. As she got even with him, he put a strong 
arm across her shoulder and pulled her in close. She 
wanted to ask where he was taking her, but nerves 
fluttered in her stomach. Excitement thrilled through 
her at her surprising submission.

She climbed a gentle rise that dipped into a hollow. A 
backpack leaned askew and a purple towel was spread out. 
With his arm still encircling her, he confidently led 
her down into the hollow. He spun her towards him and 
kissed her deeply, passionately. She put her arms around 
him, forgetting about her top. She felt it drop, but 
left it, caught up in the moment.

His strong fingers twined through her hair. With a swift 
motion, he pulled her head back. She gasped in surprise 
and passion before realizing that his gaze had travelled 
down staring at her heaving breasts. They had filled out 
at an early age and since then she had had a love/hate 
relationship with them ever since. She started to cover 
herself.

"No."

His command instantly stopped her and she stare at the 
ground, trying to fight the embarrassment. At 42, she 
knew they drooped more than she liked and while she 
worked out, her body just wasn't as tight as it had once 
been.

"You are beautiful." Missy blushed in pleasure. "Now, 
let's see if I was right about you."

She was puzzling that out when she felt him grip her 
hair harder, pushing her down. She could only drop to 
her knees and she became aware she was level with his 
crotch, the swimsuit not doing much to hide his 
erection.

"You know what to do."

Unable to meet his gaze, her fingers reached up and 
untied his swim suit. After she tugged it down, his 
thick cock popped out. She barely had time to register 
this, before he pulled towards him, plunging his cock 
deep into her mouth. Her mouth was filled with hot meat 
and to the point of gagging. She clutched his waist as 
he roughly pulled her back and forth, almost fucking her 
mouth. 

"Good girl... what a hot mouth you have."

Missy felt warm pleasure growing in her groin once again 
and she realized that she was being turned on by this.

She looked up and see him staring down at her with lust 
filled eyes. He then looked around him and smiled. She 
felt another thrill as she realized he could see the 
beach while he stood. She hoped she was low enough to be 
blocked by the dune but didn't dare ask. Then, he pulled 
his cock out of her mouth with a pop.

"Lick my balls."

Eagerly, her tongue curled around his sack. She felt his 
testicle slide beneath the warm skin and she suck it 
into her mouth. His hand tightened in pleasure and she 
heard his breath hiss. The need she felt to please him 
was strong and confusing. She had never felt such a 
strong desire to submit... to serve before. She moved on 
to the other ball, sucking it in and feel his cock heavy 
and hot on her forehead. She left the ball and nuzzled 
his sack, inhaling his scent deeply.

"Stop."

Missy didn't even need the tug on her hair as her body 
moved back at his command. What was happening?

He laid down on the towel and held his cock in the air.

"Get on."

She moved over and straddled him. Eagerly, she moved the 
crotch of her suit to the side and line up her pussy 
over the head of the cock. She felt the head hot against 
the lips of her pussy and shivered in pleasure. Slowly 
she felt the tip enter she. She are wet, but it still 
was a mix of pain/pleasure as she let her weight push 
her down his cock.

"So tight," he hissed.

She bit her lip from crying out. It has been so long 
since she felt a cock inside. Finally, she slid down to 
the base. She felt his hands move across her breasts, 
filling his hands as she let her body get used to the 
size of his cock.

"Fuck me," he commanded.

Her thighs convulsed, and she began moving up and down 
on his penis. Each time she plunged down her clit feels 
a tiny explosions of pleasure. With great she need she 
fucked harder. With each stroke, she ground herself 
against him. She fucked harder, pushing herself against 
him, pushing herself closer to heaven.

"Yeah, I knew you were hot for it!"

Missy could hear the sounds of the beach. Close by, 
people were playing volleyball, kids were playing in the 
water, friends shouted to each other. It made what they 
were doing all the more exciting. She moved up and down 
faster and faster. Her hands move to his shoulder, 
pushing her clit tighter against him. His hands kneaded 
her breasts almost using them to pull her onto his cock. 
With each thrust, the heat within built. So close...

He twisted her nipples so hard she gasp. And the 
floodgates opened as she climaxed. 

"Yes!"

And she felt his cock convulse and warm spurts within 
her. Each one sending waves of pleasure through her 
body.

Exhausted, Missy collapsed upon him, trying to hold onto 
the feeling of pleasure. His hands ran through her hair, 
gently stroking her. She felt her breath slow and his 
cock shrink and fall out of her. She rolled off of him, 
but he held her tight.

"You still need to clean me off."

She looked up at him in surprise. He looked at her and 
then looked at his cock, sticky with both of their 
juices. She'd never even considered doing that before.

"Get to it. Now!"

Her mind roiled with confusion as her body, almost of 
its own volition, slid down. A breath of hesitation and 
then she took him into her mouth. Without prodding, she 
moved to his balls, licking them clean before moving 
back up to his shaft.

"I knew she'd make a great slut with a little nudge."

She concentrated on cleaning him, unsure of what she was 
feeling. It began to grow again in her mouth.

"I can't wait until we see what your limits are. Next 
time will be even better."

Next time? Nervous excitement fluttered in her stomach 
as she wondered if she would take this new path in her 
life.

END
