Workplace Opportunities
by FentrisRook

Tessa has a new job and she's going to make the most of it.

As Tessa Gomez rode the elevator up to her workplace she could feel her stomach flutter from nervousness. It was her first day at her new job and she really wanted to make a good first impression on Jennifer, her employer. While she had already met Jennifer through her video interview, this would be the first time she would be seeing her in person.

Tessa had dressed up to make sure she looked as professional as her wardrobe allowed her. She was wearing a smart black knee length pencil skirt with a crisp white blouse, a black blazer and black low heeled shoes. Her dark brown almost black hair was done up in a loose bun and she had spent an age on her make up to ensure she appeared as close to flawless as possible. She just hoped that her make-up hadn't been marred by her face mask.

Her new job involved her being the receptionist/ concierge for a company offering flexible workspaces and related business services. Apparently as a result of the lock down and the mass of people working from home a lot of companies were looking to downsize or completely get rid of their office space in the city. However, despite a lot of people working from home there would still be occasions when people would need to meet or work together in person. Rather than paying rent for offices that would only be used once in a while, it made sense to organise a meeting room or some working space when it was required. Jennifer's company also marketed to small start up companies and freelancers that might need an office in the city.

The role she had been employed in wasn't itself what had Tessa nervous, it was that she really needed this job. Her previous job as an office assistant had ended when the company closed its office due to the pandemic lockdown and they downsized rather than furlough all their employees. During the lockdown period Tessa had been forced to rely on what savings she had accumulated, at this point she was getting close to being broke and having to move back in with her parents. If she did move home that would put additional pressure on her housemate Phoebe who wouldn't be able to afford the rent on their place by herself.

The elevator arrived at her floor and as the doors opened Tessa took a calming breath, telling herself that she would be fine. The elevator opened to a wide open area and immediately in front of the elevators was a large reception desk. Behind the desk was the familiar face of Jennifer. She looked to be in her mid thirties but still had a somewhat youthful appearance. Jennifer had looked up at the opening of the elevator doors and upon seeing Tessa, had broken out into a smile and stood up to greet her. When Jennifer moved out from behind the reception desk Tessa saw that she was dressed in casual but still smart clothes. Jennifer was wearing a pastel pink blouse that was untucked over black capri pants and a pair of chuck taylor's. In comparison Tessa felt positively overdressed. As Jennifer wasn't wearing a face mask Tessa removed hers.

"Hi Tessa, it's good to see you in person."

Jennifer looked Tessa up and down and smiled at how she was done up.

"You look great, very smart. It's a pity it isn't necessary at the moment."

Tessa cringed a little inside but reassured herself that it was better that she had overdressed rather than be underdressed.

Jennifer's smile faded into a slightly chagrined expression. "Sorry. I probably should have let you know that you didn't need to be in office attire just yet."

Tessa's eyebrows rose with a querying look.

Jennifer nodded, "We're not up and running just yet. The first few weeks are going to be a little slow as we're finishing up the office setup and installing the computer systems. I've got to go to a couple of other locations that we are in the process of converting to similar use. So you will be taking care of this site."

Tessa felt her nervousness begin to turn into dread. Just what was she going to be expected to do?

Fortunately Jennifer must have realised that what she had said might be daunting to someone on their first day and immediately eased Tessa's concerns.

"Don't worry, your job will basically be to take some calls and accept some deliveries."

Tessa nodded, relieved that she would have the chance to ease into the job rather than get thrown in the deep end. She quickly looked around, the reception area looked immaculate. Behind the reception desk there were a couple of sofas and coffee tables and two sets of large double doors. Off to the side Tessa could see a kitchenette area with a few tables where people could eat lunch.

"It looks fairly well set up already. How much more is there to do?"

Jennifer smiled and gestured at Tessa's large handbag. "If you want, you can stash your handbag behind the reception desk and then I'll give you a tour of the offices and facilities."

Tessa was a little dubious about leaving her bag unattended. Jennifer noticed her reluctance and said, "No one comes up here unless they need to, but if you're worried you can keep your bag in the filing drawer in the desk and you can lock it."

Jennifer went over to a small set of drawers and opened the top drawer which held some pens and stationery and pulled out a small set of keys. She then pulled open the large bottom drawer which Tessa saw was empty. She put her bag into the drawer which Jennifer closed before locking the drawers and passing the keys to Tessa.

First off Jennifer took Tessa to some small rooms right by the reception area. Each of the rooms contained a small square table with four seats around it. Jennifer explained that these were small meeting rooms for the use of tenants if they needed them for visitors. Moving to behind the reception desk Jennifer went up to the double doors and opened them up to reveal a very spacious area with a large boardroom table surrounded by chairs. Jennifer pointed out the roll down projector screen and the projector protruding from the ceiling. "These are of course meeting rooms but they can also be hired for small presentations or seminars."

Tessa then got a quick showing of the kitchenette and eating area before Jennifer took her through an open doorway. There were a lot of rooms with glass walls facing the hallway that were completely empty.

Jennifer turned to Tessa, "Almost all the offices are vacant but we've got some tenant's that will be moving in sometime in the next few weeks and we are discussing space requirements with other potential tenants. A few of the tenants will be bringing their own furniture but for the rest of them, we will be providing office furniture for them to use. Some of the deliveries we're expecting are to deliver furniture, desks, filing cabinets, shelves and chairs."

The emptiness was kind of eerie, Tessa had never seen an office this empty before. She then picked up on what Jennifer had said. "You said that almost all the offices were vacant?"

Jennifer smiled, "Yes. I'll introduce you to Jasper, currently the only occupant on this floor. He's pretty self-sufficient so he isn't likely to bother you but it's possible that he may need something so he should know who to talk to."

They turned a corner and Tessa could see a long office that had the glass wall completely covered up on the inside and a smaller office with frosted glass. Jennifer approached the door to the office with the frosted glass and knocked. The door opened to reveal a tall slender man with unruly hair that was either a very light blonde or was fading to white. The man looked at Jennifer and Tessa and smiled. "Well this is certainly a pleasant interruption. Are we having a party?"

Jennifer grinned, "Settle down, I'm just here to introduce you to our new concierge assistant Tessa. I'm going to be going over to supervise the work at our other sites so if you need anything Tessa will be the one to help you."

Jasper nodded and turned his attention to Tessa, assessing her appearance. "If you don't mind me saying so you have quite a striking appearance. Would you like to do some modelling for me?"

Tessa was a little taken aback but Jasper had a bit of a roguish charm and she found his comment flattering rather than offputting. She was just about to politely refuse when Jennifer answered for her.

"When I said anything, I didn't mean that."

Jasper gave a mock sigh, "Can't hurt to try."

He looked toward Tessa again, "Well it was very nice to meet you Tessa. I'll be seeing you around." He then stood back and closed the door to his office.

Tessa was a little bemused and looked at Jennifer who chuckled at her expression. "He's a bit of a character. He has done a lot of work for us in the past for other ventures and when he heard that we were setting this place up he immediately asked to join us. "

"He asked me to be a model, what does he do?"

"Mostly freelance creative design which involves websites and marketing campaign material but he dabbles in photography." Jennifer looked toward the long office with the blocked out glass. "He set up a small studio where he takes photos for some online clothes stores."

Jennifer's tour then took Tessa around the other side of the floor which was pretty much just more empty offices. She also pointed out where the bathrooms were located and a service elevator that large deliveries would come through.

When they had looped back to the reception area Jennifer continued to the elevators. "Now let me show you our other floor. At the moment half of it is undergoing a fit out. We have a law firm that will be using the space exclusively for client meetings and workspaces for employees who need to be in the city."

Their elevator arrived and when they got inside Jennifer placed an access pass next to a reader and then pushed the button for the next floor. Seeing Tessa watching her, Jennifer provided an explanation.

"Due to the work being done on the floor access is restricted and will remain that way until Murphy & Schultz move in. Once we're done with the tour I'll get you your own access pass.

The remainder of the floor is where we are keeping our computer servers and the servers of any client who wants to keep their systems separate from ours. That's another reason that the floor is secured. The entrance to the server rooms has a secured door, so even when the floor becomes unrestricted you'll need the access pass. And then to access the individual server rooms you will need a key."

The elevator opened and Tessa could hear the sounds of construction going on. Jennifer led Tessa off to a door on the right that required Jennifer to use her access pass again. Inside, there were a number of rooms with glass walls like the floor below but without the frosting. Most of them were empty but the one Jennifer took Tessa to had racks of computer equipment with a mass of cables plugged in. The room also contained a young man who appeared to be in his twenties like Tessa.

He looked up from sorting through some cables as Jennifer and Tessa approached. He had short brown hair, warm brown eyes and a kind friendly face. However, the first thing that Tessa noticed was how well he filled out his polo shirt and how strong his arms looked. He certainly didn't look like a stereotypical IT person. The door to the room he was in was open so Jennifer and Tessa went to the doorway but didn't step inside. He stood up to greet them and he appeared to be a bit above average height.

"Hey Nolan, this is Tessa. She will be watching over the reception area and accepting deliveries."

Jennifer then gestured to Nolan. "Nolan is our onsite IT person. At the moment he has his hands full with getting the computer server set up and then he will be setting up the phone and video conferencing systems. Once this site is all up and running, Nolan will be taking care of tech support."

Nolan smiled and waved. "Hi Tessa, it's nice to meet you."

She returned his smile. "Nice to meet you as well Nolan."

Tessa thought he was pretty cute and gave him another smile when she and Jennifer left him to head back toward the elevators.

"It will take some time for Nolan to sort this all out, so I don't know how often you'll see him. If you have any issues with your computer you can call his phone, his contact details are in a notebook in the reception desk."

For the rest of the morning Jennifer walked Tessa through her job including showing her the computer system she would be using to manage bookings and the web site which had some training modules that she had to complete on company policies. Tessa was introduced to Andrew and Fiona over video chat, their jobs allowed them to continue working from home and they didn't need to be at any of the sites. Andrew was currently responsible for managing communications with the tenants who would be moving in and the building managers. Fiona was in charge of finances, managing cash inflows and expenses. Jennifer also showed Tessa how to use a wireless headset that could be connected to the phone so that she could answer calls away from the desk. There were a couple of interruptions as Jennifer had to take some calls about deliveries or about work being carried out at the other office sites.

Shortly before Midday Jennifer was apparently satisfied that Tessa had a handle on things and it would be okay to leave her to her own devices. Jennifer got up and announced that she would be going over to another site to supervise and then told Tessa that if she needed any urgent help to call her by phone. Tessa eagerly assured Jennifer that she would be okay by herself and if anything important did come up she would let Jennifer know as soon as possible. Jennifer gave her a smile and said that she would call later to see how Tessa was going before heading over to the elevators and waving goodbye when the elevator arrived.

When the elevator doors closed and Jennifer was out of sight Tessa felt a measure of relief. Jennifer was friendly and encouraging but it was still nerve wracking for Tessa to have her boss right next to her as she worked. Other than that, Tessa was happy with how things were going so far and was confident that she could do the job.

At half past twelve Tessa decided it was time for lunch, she set her desk phone to go to messaging and locked her computer. Feeling uncertain about being away from her desk for too long and potentially missing a delivery, her plan was to just duck out quickly to pick up a sandwich. With the current state of her finances she would have preferred to bring her own lunch but she hadn't been certain of whether there would be a refrigerator available for her to use.

Outside she could see that life in the city was beginning to get back to normal. There were a large number of people walking around, not as much as there had been before the pandemic but enough that it felt more lively. Tessa went to a corner shop and bought herself a sandwich before returning back to work.

Not wanting to eat at the reception desk, Tessa took her sandwich to the kitchenette. There she saw that Nolan was sitting at one of the tables eating his own lunch. Tessa sat across from him, thinking it would be really unfriendly to sit at another table. Also after so long without interacting with someone in person other than Phoebe, Tessa actually wanted to be social. Nolan looked up and seemed a little shocked that she would be sitting with him but he recovered quickly and smiled before asking how things were going.

He was somewhat awkward but in a kind of adorable way. Tessa wasn't put off by his awkwardness, her own social skills were feeling rusty after a long period of mainly talking to people over video chat. As they talked and ate their lunch Tessa found herself enjoying his company and so was a little disappointed when their break was over and he had to go back upstairs.

The afternoon was spent going through the online training modules and taking a few phone calls. Tessa was awkward at first but by the last call she felt that she was getting the hang of it. At around quarter past five Jasper walked into the reception area, seeing Tessa he went up to the desk.

"How did your first day go?"

Tessa smiled, "Pretty good, I've just been going through all of the company training and learning how to do things. There's a lot to take in but I think I've got it under control."

"That's good to hear. I'm guessing the lockdown affected your previous job?"

"Yeah, I was an office assistant and when the lockdown started they decided I was no longer needed."

"And since the lockdown ended they haven't been in contact to offer you your job back?"

"No, I've talked to some people I used to work with and apparently a lot of people are still working at home so they don't need many of the office staff."

Jasper nodded. "I understand why working from home would appeal to a lot of people. I could do my work from home myself but I prefer to get out of the house. It gives me more motivation and helps separate work from home."

"If I had the choice I'd probably work a few days at home but it's good to work in the office as well otherwise I might never leave the house." Tessa shrugged, "Of course my job isn't something that can be done from home."

"Well I'm glad that I get to see you in person. I'll see you tomorrow Tessa."

Tessa gave him a small wave goodbye, "See you tomorrow Jasper."

Not long after Jasper had left Tessa started to shut her computer down and pack up. With her first day completed without any problems Tessa felt better about herself and that her life was getting back on track.

The next day Tessa went to work wearing a pair of good black jeans and a light blue blouse. To go with her more relaxed appearance her hair was tied in a loose ponytail. It was a step down from what she had worn the previous day but it was still far from being casual. Tessa was uncertain about just how loose the dress code was at the moment and she didn't know if Jennifer might drop by for a visit.

Workwise there was a lot less for Tessa to do. There were a couple of deliveries that arrived during the morning but most of her time was spent reviewing the company manuals and finishing her training modules. Jennifer didn't drop by but she did call to check how Tessa was doing and whether she needed anything.

At lunchtime Tessa had brought her own lunch this time and so she just went straight to the kitchenette area and was sitting at one of the tables to eat while idly browsing the internet on her phone. She was there for around ten minutes when she heard the elevator chime followed shortly by Nolan appearing. He smiled when he saw her and said hello before heading to the refrigerator to grab his food. Nolan joined her at the table she was sitting at and asked her how her day was going. They ended up talking about their experiences during the lockdown and any hobbies or interests they picked up.

After sharing that she had tried her hand at baking and failed before falling back on expanding her cooking abilities, Tessa was amused to find out that Nolan had used his spare time to get into working out. She looked at him quizzically, he was in really good shape, more than she thought possible for someone who had only really begun during the lockdown. Sheepishly Nolan told her that he had got really motivated and his housemate who was a personal trainer pushed him like he was training to be in a superhero movie. Now that he was back at work he wasn't working out as much but was doing enough to stay in shape. Tessa couldn't help flirtatiously complimenting his hard work and was pleased when he blushed in response.

That afternoon there wasn't much for Tessa to do and her thoughts ended up going back to her lunch break with Nolan. It might have been because of her lack of a dating life caused by the lock down but Tessa found Nolan quite attractive and was flattered with the attention he had paid to her.

Tired of just sitting at the reception desk, Tessa put on her headset and went for a walk around the floor. When she went by Jasper's offices she kept as quiet as she could so that she didn't disturb him. She found a spot by a window, leaned against the sill and took in the view. The office space was on the fifteenth floor so there was a decent view of the surrounding buildings and the streets below. Tessa got so drawn into the view that she didn't detect Jasper's presence until her attention was caught by a flash of light. Startled Tessa spun around quickly and with wide eyes saw Jasper standing there with a large camera.

Jasper lowered the camera and Tessa saw that he had an apologetic expression. "Sorry Tessa, I didn't mean to startle you. The sight of you as you were looking out the window was amazing and I just had to take a picture."

Tessa blushed, she was more embarrassed about getting caught slacking off on the job than she was upset at getting startled. "That's okay, it's my fault for getting distracted and daydreaming. I should probably get back to the reception desk."

"I'm sure it's fine, you haven't missed any phone calls have you?"

Tessa touched the headset that was sitting around her neck. "No, but I shouldn't leave the desk unattended for long periods of time."

"It's okay for you to not be switched on all the time. Before you started Jennifer would be walking around the floor all the time to try and find something to do, we ended up having a regular afternoon chat. You being here has freed Jennifer from having to do the mundane tasks. She knows there isn't much to do at the moment, as long as you do what needs to be done Jennifer won't mind how you fill the empty time." Jasper beckoned her over. "If you still want to head back to the reception desk, you should at least see the photo I took of you."

With her initial embarrassment and concern about being caught slacking eased by Jasper, Tessa's interest in the photo was piqued. She wasn't expecting that it would be anything special but was curious as to how she looked. When Jasper showed her the view screen on his camera Tessa was surprised, even with how small the picture was she could tell it looked great. She looked up to see Jasper grinning at her reaction.

"Do you like it?"

Tessa nodded.

"If you want to, we can go to my office and I'll upload the photo to my computer so you can get a better look at it."

While she didn't really want to go back to the reception desk Tessa felt like she should be waiting there in case someone did call by. She also didn't want to be a bother to Jasper and distract him from his own work.

"Thanks, but I really wouldn't want to take you away from what you were doing."

Jasper chuckled. "If you don't mind spending some time with me. I'd be happy to have some company. Work is slowly starting to pick up again but it will probably be some time before I have enough work to fully fill my day."

That made Tessa feel better about abandoning the reception desk and it definitely sounded like a more appealing way to pass the time. She nodded, making Jasper smile before he led them back to his office.

Inside his office it was quite spacious even with the furniture and equipment. Jasper gestured to a chair sitting by a small bookcase before going to the chair by a desk with his computer on it. Tessa grabbed the chair and brought it closer to the desk. After connecting his camera to the computer, Jasper brought the photo of Tessa up on the monitor. On a larger screen the photo looked even better, Tessa was really impressed with how she looked. "Wow, it's beautiful, I can't believe that's me."

Jasper shrugged. "Thanks. I don't profess to be an artist but I think I'm fairly handy with a camera." He pointed to the faraway expression on Tessa's face in the photo. "I think it turned out so well because you weren't aware of the camera. Your expression was authentic, not a pose."

"Still, you somehow managed to make it look good despite the plain clothes I'm wearing."

One of Jasper's eyebrows arched and a small hint of an amused smile appeared on his face. "I've found that in most cases how good the clothes look depends on who's wearing them."

Tessa could feel her face heat up. "Jennifer said you do photography for online fashion stores. You must have seen a lot of women prettier than me."

Jasper shrugged, "I have photographed a lot of beautiful women. Whether any of them is more beautiful than another is subjective." He turned back to his computer and navigated around some folders before opening up a photo of a model in a slinky red dress against a white background.

The model looked stunning and Tessa thought that this photo proved her point. While she liked the photo of herself she didn't think she compared to this model. Jasper however appeared to have the opposite opinion. "This is Michelle, she's certainly beautiful but in this picture she has had professional hair and make up done. She's still beautiful without those things but I don't think she's any more beautiful than you are."

Tessa appreciated what he was saying but she still didn't quite accept it. The model looked slim and tall and had what appeared to be perfectly shaped breasts that weren't too big but gave her some impressive cleavage in the dress. By comparison Tessa felt positively plain. While she and Phoebe had motivated each other to exercise during the lockdown, Tessa knew she wasn't in anywhere near as good shape. Her breasts were round and shapely but didn't give her much of a noticeable bust. She also thought her hips were a little too wide in comparison to her upper torso.

"I don't have the figure she has."

"So? From what I can see you have a pretty good figure as well." Jasper grinned, "I've got some outfits next door and I'm sure something will fit you. Want to do some modeling for me and let me show you that you are just as beautiful as these models?"

Tessa's expression was clearly dubious so Jasper continued trying to convince her. "You also have amazing skin, it looks smooth and silky. Your light golden skin tone would really pop out against the white backdrop."

Jasper's compliment gave her a boost to her ego and she accepted that he might be genuine with his opinion. However she wasn't about to blow off her job regardless of how little there was to do. "I'm fairly certain that Jennifer wouldn't be happy with me abandoning my responsibilities to play at being a model."

Jasper grinned again this time with a sly expression, "With how empty this place is, if someone was so inclined there's plenty of opportunity to get up to mischief without worrying about getting caught."

Tessa's eyebrows rose and she looked at him questioningly. Jasper chuckled. He brought up another picture of the same model, this time wearing a sheer and skimpy set of lingerie. Moving in a little closer Tessa could see the model's nipples through the material of her bra. Tessa's eyes widened and she looked back to Jasper. "That photo was taken here?"

He nodded, "Yeah. The shoot started around midafternoon, we started with the more public acceptable outfits, the girls were getting changed in this office and then walking over to the studio. By the time we got to the racy stuff Jennifer had already left for the day. To begin with the models would put on a robe while they were walking through the office but I guess with how quiet and empty it was, they became comfortable enough that they ended up not bothering with the robe."

Tessa pictured the model from the photo walking through the office wearing only her lingerie and was a little envious of her confidence. She looked at Jasper with feigned suspicion. "Is this a ploy to get me wearing revealing outfits?"

He shook his head but remained grinning. "No, unfortunately the clothes I have next door aren't as showy. They're still beautiful but much more modest."

The offer was honestly appealing but Tessa never considered agreeing. "I admit it sounds like it would be fun but I should really keep my attention on my reception duties. Thanks for showing me your photos, can you send me a copy of the photo of me to my email?"

Jasper nodded, "That's no problem at all. Probably better if you give me a personal email account though."

Tessa nodded and gave him her email address before thanking him again and heading back to the reception desk. The rest of the afternoon was uneventful, there were a couple of phone calls and then emails to write to Jennifer and Andrew but that was it. The rest of the afternoon was empty and left Tessa wondering about what it would have been like if she had gone along with Jasper's offer to do some modelling.

On Wednesday, Tessa again wore a pair of black jeans but this time to go with them she had a short sleeve button up top. Her top was definitely more on the casual side of dress but not overly so.

Around mid morning Jennifer dropped by, she talked with Tessa for a bit, asking how she was settling in and if she had any questions before letting her know about the progress of the work being carried out at the other sites. Jennifer then told Tessa that she had actually come by to talk to Jasper about taking photos of the office space so that they could be used on the website. After about an hour Jennifer returned to the reception area, closely followed by Jasper.

Tessa looked at both of them as they stopped in front of her. "Is there something that I can help you with?"

Jennifer smiled and nodded, "Actually, yes. How do you feel about having your photo on our website?"

"Sorry, what?"

Tessa turned to Jasper who just grinned.

"Jasper suggested that rather than just take pictures of the office space and facilities we should include some photos of people making use of the space, give it a more lively feel. I thought that maybe you should be in the photos, seeing as you will be the first person most people will meet when they arrive."

Tessa was pleased that Jennifer seemed to be thinking of her as being a long term employee but the request was pretty sudden. She looked down at what she was wearing. "I don't think what I'm wearing is suitable for what you want."

"No. If you agree to being on our website Jasper can do the photo shoot tomorrow. That will give you the chance to dress up like how you were on Monday."

Despite being uncertain about having pictures of her on the company's website, Tessa didn't think it was too out there as a request. She saw Jennifer's expectant look and knew that she couldn't disappoint her. Tessa nodded slowly. "Sure, I can do that."

"Thanks for agreeing to this Tessa, you're really helping us out. You've been doing a great job."

Inside Tessa grimaced, there was no way that she would be able to back out now. She was too invested in trying to impress Jennifer. She looked to Jasper who winked at her and it occurred to her that in a way she would be modelling for him. It was an amusing thought and she felt a little better about agreeing to do the shoot.

Lunch was again spent with Nolan. As they were getting more familiar with each other the conversation was getting a lot more natural. A little embarrassed about it, Tessa didn't mention how she had been roped into participating in a photo shoot that would be put on the company website.

That afternoon when Tessa had run out of things to do she decided to go for a walk around the rest of the floor. She was hesitant to visit Jasper in case she ended up bothering him but decided that it couldn't hurt to at least check. She knocked at his office door but there was no answer, she then went over to the studio space and knocked on that door but again there was no answer. Tessa was a little disappointed that Jasper wasn't around but she knew there was always the possibility that he would have been too busy to keep her company.

She went back to the window she had been staring out of yesterday and tried to think of something to occupy her time. Tessa's thoughts went to what Jasper had said yesterday afternoon about being able to get up to mischief when no one was around. Her mind then immediately followed up with Jasper's story about models walking around in skimpy barely there lingerie. She wondered if she could do that herself. Walking around an office space in her underwear wasn't something that Tessa would have thought of doing but Jasper's story had intrigued her. With no one else on the floor there was no reason she couldn't try it out. The only risk of getting caught would be if Jasper came back. While it would be embarrassing for her, he likely wouldn't consider it to be a big deal.

She felt a buzz of excitement running through her body and realised that she really did want to give it a try. Jasper had said that she was just as beautiful as the models he had photographed, maybe she wanted to prove to herself that she could do what they had done. After all, Jasper had thought she was pretty enough to be a model and the place was empty so there wasn't any reason she couldn't do it.

Tessa slipped her shoes off first, quickly followed by her socks. The feel of the carpet on her bare feet was a minor thing but as a first step it was still exciting. The next step however had Tessa caught in indecision. She looked around her, the window she was standing near was in sight of a building across the street but she couldn't see through its windows clearly. Whether anyone in that building would be able to see her was unclear so Tessa was reluctant to take her top off during the day when it was most likely that someone would be in the other building. Her other option was to take off her pants but that felt like a much larger step. Tessa was caught in a moment of indecision until she questioned whether she could even take the next step. She took a deep breath, not wanting to give up so easily Tessa decided that she would go with taking her pants off.

Feeling resolute, Tessa quickly undid the button on her jeans and pulled the zip down. Those were simple acts but they gave Tessa a small rush. She took hold of the sides of her jeans and tugged them downwards. As her jeans weren't overly tight fitting they easily slipped down until they were sitting around her ankles. After lifting one leg out of her jeans Tessa gently kicked them off to join her shoes. There was a slight chill as her legs were exposed to the cool air but Tessa hardly noticed it due to the jolt of excitement she got from having actually gone ahead with undressing. Her underwear was a pair of plain white bikini panties, hardly anything to get excited about but in the context of an office area it was still out of the ordinary. Tessa was satisfied with her progress so far and thought that she would walk around a bit before she decided whether she would take off her blouse.

Her first few steps away from her jeans and shoes, away from the sense of security they provided were an effort. As Tessa continued along the corridor of empty offices her nervousness was replaced with a genuine rush, she was actually walking around the offices partially undressed.

Tessa stopped outside Jasper's office and imagined herself knocking on the door and having him open up to see her standing there without any pants on. The thought of Jasper being surprised but then grinning at her mischief brought a smile to Tessa's face.

Looking down at her body, Tessa thought it was time to progress her adventure a little further. She fully unbuttoned her blouse and pulled the sides apart, exposing her stomach and bra. Like her panties, the bra wasn't anything fancy but having it revealed was still exciting. Tessa left her blouse on, having it cover her back gave her some sense of security. Delending on how she felt, maybe she would take it off later.

Seeing her reflection in the glass of Jasper's door she struck a pose with her hip cocked, her arm angled so that her elbow pointed out from her side and the hand resting on the bare skin above her panties. She grinned, she looked a little ridiculous but it was fun and exciting being partially undressed in an office environment. Tessa wondered whether Jasper's models had felt something similar.

Taking her imagined encounter with Jasper further Tessa pictured herself asking if his offer to take some modelling photos was still open. Jasper would nod and smile before grabbing his camera. Tessa strutted toward Jasper's studio, pretending that he was following behind her. She lifted up the back of her blouse to ensure that Jasper would have a clear view of her ass.

When Tessa reached the door to the studio she stopped. She had no idea what it was like inside the studio, other than from the photos of the model she had seen yesterday. Picturing herself in front of the white screen Tessa tried out some poses she had seen on online stores. She then imagined Jasper asking her to gradually show more and more skin, he wasn't being sleazy but was pushing her to be as appealing and sexy as she could. Could she pull her underwear higher so that more of her ass was exposed, slip the strap of her bra off her shoulder, then take her bra off altogether for a shot of her bare back, how about a shot from the front with her hands covering her breasts?

Unexpectedly Tessa found she was getting a little turned on by thinking about being photographed half naked. She was leaning with her back against the glass wall of Jasper's studio and her thighs were clenching together, putting a bit of nice feeling pressure on her pussy. Tessa looked around, her face feeling flushed, while there was no one around to see her she was still embarrassed by how immersed she had got in her imagination.

She shook her head, took a breath and continued walking through the office until she reached the doorway back to the reception area. Tessa briefly thought about dashing past the elevators to the other door. It would be exhilarating, but being recorded by the security cameras in the reception area was too much of a risk. As she was the only person on the floor it would be simple for anyone reviewing the footage to identify her.

Out of nowhere there was a chime from the elevators. Tessa froze for an instant before better instincts took control and she hurried out of sight. She sped through the office area, buttoning her blouse back up and wondering who had shown up. It was most likely just Jasper coming back to his office. Despite what she had just imagined, if Jasper caught her like this, she would be utterly embarrassed but she could live with it. The problem was what if it wasn't Jasper, what if it was Jennifer coming back for a surprise visit?

There would be no way to explain away what she was doing walking around half undressed. The rising fear in her stomach had Tessa moving even faster, almost running back to her jeans. She hoped that if it was Jennifer, that she would wait by the reception desk.

When Tessa reached her jeans and shoes her fear lessened, she wasn't in the clear yet but she felt more in control. She picked up her jeans and shoes and retreated around a corner hoping to buy herself a little time. In record time Tessa had her jeans and shoes back on. Whoever had arrived appeared to have stayed in the reception area, Tessa hadn't heard anyone approaching where she was. Relieved, she took a few calming breaths and went out to see who was there.

As Tessa entered the reception area she couldn't see anyone around. She was a little puzzled, had she misheard the elevator or had someone selected the floor by mistake? Once she reached the desk she saw that there was someone in the kitchenette, they were facing away from her but the well built outline and thick dark hair were clearly Nolan's. Her pulse quickened a fraction and she wondered what it would have been like if he had caught her walking around in her underwear. She stilled as a small jolt of arousal went through her, clearly finding that scenario somewhat appealing.

Nolan turned around and smiled when he saw her. "Hey Tessa."

"Hi Nolan, what brings you down here?"

"Oh, I finished a job and thought I'd take a quick break before going on to the next. I know you've said that there isn't much to do so I thought maybe you'd like a little company."

"That sounds good, I'll come and join you."

Tessa checked her computer and phone for any emails or messages before picking up the headset and joining Nolan in the kitchenette during his break.

When Nolan went back to work and she was sitting back at the reception desk Tessa thought about the photo shoot that was to take place the next day. It wasn't going to be anywhere near what she had imagined today but it was sure to still be an interesting experience.

Riding the elevator up to work on Thursday, Tessa had a slight feeling of deja vu with her being dressed up all professionally and feeling nervous about the day. This time though her nervousness was related to the photo shoot she had felt obligated to agree to taking part in. She trusted Jasper's photography skills and was sure that the photos would turn out great but there was still a part of her that was on edge, urging her to not mess things up or disappoint anyone.

Even though Jasper didn't expect the photo shoot to take all that long, he had scheduled it for the afternoon when it was less likely that they would be interrupted. For Tessa that meant she had to endure her nerves and uncertainty all through the morning. There were periods where Tessa was occupied with a delivery, email or a phone call but as usual there was a lot of time with nothing much to occupy her but her thoughts.

At lunch time as had become the habit she sat with Nolan and talked with him as they ate. Nolan asked Tessa why she was all dressed up and she told him about the photo shoot. He looked interested and even asked if they would need his help. His transparent interest gave Tessa a smile as she shrugged and told him that he would have to ask Jasper.

A bit over an hour after getting back from her break Jasper walked into the reception area holding his camera. "Are you okay to get started?"

After quickly checking her emails and the schedule of deliveries Tessa set the phone to go to messages and then grabbed her handbag. "I'll just go and freshen up my makeup."

When she returned she was surprised to find Nolan talking with Jasper. She smiled, thinking that Nolan had actually gone ahead and offered to help Jasper in order to watch the photo shoot. It was a surprise for Tessa to learn that Jasper wanted to include Nolan in some photos. His explanation was having Nolan there would prevent her from being the sole focus and having only one person would probably highlight the emptiness of the space more than if there was no one in the pictures at all. Whatever the reason Tessa was glad that Nolan was there.

The first picture Jasper wanted to take was of Tessa and Nolan standing together in front of the reception desk. Standing there looking at Jasper pointing a camera at her felt awkward. Having Nolan standing next to her was also distracting her. Tessa was keenly aware of his physical presence and her attraction to him. She did her best to look relaxed and normal and then smiled for the camera.

She saw Jasper lower his camera and reveal a frown. "This isn't quite the image that I'm looking for."

He thought for a moment. "Tessa. Could you unbutton your blouse please?"

The question shocked Tessa out of her awkwardness. "Sorry, what?"

Jasper chuckled. "Not completely, just the top few buttons."

When Tessa had dressed with the photo shoot in mind she had been aiming to look highly professional. As part of that look she had buttoned her blouse all the way to the top. Now Jasper was asking her to undo some of them. That wasn't as bad as her earlier impression that he wanted her blouse fully open but she still questioned whether it was necessary.

Jasper noticed her sceptical expression. "We need to sex things up a little, you'll still look professional but showing a bit more skin will make you seem more approachable and friendly."

While Jasper's choice of words was odd, his explanation sounded reasonable to Tessa and it wasn't like she would be showing anything so she went along with his request. She undid the top two buttons of her blouse and opened it up a little. "Is this okay?"

Jasper nodded. "Yeah, that looks good. Now can I get the two of you to make some funny faces and do some goofy poses? You're both looking a little stiff, hopefully we can have some fun and get you comfortable."

Tessa and Nolan looked at each other and they both shrugged. Following Jasper's instructions they made funny faces at each other and then to the camera. When Jasper showed them the pictures on the view screen they both laughed. After taking his camera back Jasper looked at Tessa and Nolan. "Do you two think you're ready to start for real?"

Tessa could feel that she was a lot more relaxed, she hadn't realised just how tense she had been. She nodded, "I'm ready."

Beside her Nolan also nodded, "I'm good too."

Jasper smiled, "Great. Let's get things going."

Tessa and Nolan moved in close together and smiled for the camera. As Jasper took photos he guided Tessa and Nolan to make a few adjustments to how they were posed. Tessa was impressed by how professional Jasper was, he seemed different from his usual casual jokey attitude. His instructions were clear and he was patient when things weren't quite as he wanted.

The photoshoot turned out to be more involved than Tessa had thought. Jasper ended up taking quite a few photos, some with Nolan, some with just her in them. After taking photos of her and Nolan in front of the reception desk Jasper took some of her sitting at the reception desk. They then went on a mini photographical tour of the meeting rooms and the kitchenette. It wasn't all serious though, Jasper would occasionally ask for some goofy or over the top poses that had everyone laughing.

After the photoshoot Nolan went back upstairs and Jasper went to his office to review the photos and curate a selection to send on to Jennifer. Tessa spent a bit of time at the reception desk checking emails and forwarding some queries to Andrew. Soon though there was nothing else for her to do and it was late enough that it was unlikely that there would be many if any calls.

She knew that Jasper would probably be busy with reviewing the photos so she didn't want to go and bother him. It would be up to her to find something to occupy her time.

While she was thinking of things she could do Tessa went to the bathroom and when she was washing her hands she realised that her blouse was still unbuttoned. She smiled at the memory of Jasper telling her that she needed to "sex things up" a little. After drying her hands Tessa was about to button up her blouse but paused with her fingers on a button. She moved back in front of the mirror and studied her reflection for a second before unbuttoning a couple more buttons on her blouse. Tessa then opened up the sides of her blouse so that her bra was visible. Her appearance was no longer professional looking but it also wasn't particularly sexy either. Tessa undid the remaining buttons that were visible and pulled her blouse wide open so that her bra encased breasts were fully in view. She put on a sultry look and pouted her lips for the mirror. She came across as being more sexy but inside she wasn't feeling it.

As Tessa was about to do up her blouse she stopped again. She had an impulse to try and make herself look as hot as possible. Something that if it was put on the company website would give the entirely wrong impression of what services were on offer. Tessa paused, wondering where that idea had come from. She thought that yesterday's adventure would have satisfied any urges to engage in risky behaviour. Apparently not, but it wasn't like there would be much risk undressing in the bathroom, she was the only lady around.

Due to not having any work to get back to and there being very little chance of being seen and getting embarrassed Tessa couldn't think of a reason not to do it. Before she could rethink what she was doing Tessa took off her blazer, pulled her blouse out of her skirt and undid the last few buttons. That wasn't enough though, having her bra and stomach exposed would have made for interesting photos but it wasn't the look Tessa was going for.

Tessa thought for a moment about what she should do next. Rather than just showing more skin she wanted to be playful, a tease. While her bra was a little more fancy than what she had on yesterday it still fully concealed her breasts. Without stopping to think about it Tessa took off her blouse and then undid her bra.

As she slipped her bra straps off her shoulders Tessa kept her eyes from her reflection. It wasn't until she was pulling the bra away from her breasts that she looked at the mirror. She was struck by how utterly bizarre it was to be standing half naked in the bathroom at work. Tessa noticed her nipples were beginning to harden, mostly from their exposure to the cool air. She got her blouse and put it back on but left it completely unbuttoned. After carefully positioning her blouse so that her nipples were covered but the inner curves and a portion of the undersides of her breasts were visible Tessa looked up at her reflection.

Despite nothing particularly private being exposed, her appearance was wonderfully inappropriate. Her pleased grin made her look like even more of a tease and added to her sexiness. While her blouse wasn't sheer, focusing on her chest Tessa was certain that she could see a hint of the darker colour of her nipples through the material. It was definitely easy to see how hard they were with the way they were poking through her blouse.

Tessa retrieved her blazer and put it on, she took hold of the front sides, holding them close to her body so that they pressed against the outsides of her breasts. That pushed her breasts inward, giving her more prominent cleavage. The sight of herself doing an overly sexy pose was a little absurd but she was having fun and a genuine smile appeared on her face. Somehow her grin made the image in the mirror appear more playful and appealing.

Tessa put some more thought into how she could make her appearance even sexier. The only thing that really jumped out to her was her skirt. With the skirt she was wearing there wasn't much she could do with the waist, her only real option was to shorten its hem. She folded the hem up until her skirt now went down to just above her mid thigh. She posed again and was actually surprised at how well she was pulling off the sexy look. The strip of bare skin running from her neck down past her belly button to the waist of her skirt was an enticing tease, especially when it came to the inner curves of her breasts that had been emphasised by Tessa pushing them inward.

She studied her reflection for a good while. Tessa had never deliberately tried to dress in such a provocatively sexy way before and was finding that besides being fun she liked how she looked. Tessa released her pose, satisfied that she had gone as far as she could in making herself look sexy without revealing too much of her body.

Not ready to end the fun she was having Tessa decided to try out some looks that were a bit more explicit. Smiling, she did a minor striptease for the mirror as she took off both the blazer and blouse. Tessa draped her blouse up over the door of a stall before putting her blazer back on. It felt weird to be wearing the blazer only but Tessa couldn't deny that visually it was pretty hot.

She again started by covering her nipples but drew the sides of the blazer back so her breasts were effectively framed by its lapels. There was just something about the contrast of a professional looking blazer and her bare chest with her hard light brown nipples pointing out that really made her feel sexy. The thought of Jasper photographing her like this sent a small shiver of arousal through her.

Tessa would have liked to have a photograph taken of how she currently looked but she had left her phone at the reception desk and there was no way she could go out like she was currently dressed to fetch her phone. Dressing back up, going and getting her phone and then coming back to attempt to recapture her sexy look was also out of the question.

Tessa sighed, gave her reflection another look and put her clothes back on so she once again looked professional. As Tessa inspected herself to make sure everything was in place she couldn't help feeling like she looked boring now. A part of her wished that she had the courage to go back out to the reception desk with even a halfway sexy appearance.

On Friday morning Tessa felt like she had reached a milestone. At the end of the day she would have completed a full week in her new job. She knew that it had been an easy week but she still felt like it was an accomplishment after the long period she hadn't worked. More importantly, she would be getting paid early next week which would alleviate a lot of the financial pressure she had been under.

At lunch Tessa mentioned her milestone to Nolan and he responded by smiling and congratulating her sincerely. There was a pause and from his expression Nolan had thought of something and was deciding whether he should share it with her. Tessa waited with a patient but expectant look on her face. Eventually Nolan decided to go ahead and say what he had on his mind.

"Do you want to get a drink after work? You know, to celebrate completing your first week."

His question had been tentative, clearly worried how she would take it. Tessa felt a little warm inside at just how endearingly nervous Nolan was. She would have liked to accept his offer but she didn't really have the money to spend on going out for a drink or two.

Tessa smiled wistfully, "That sounds good, but I can't really afford it at the moment. Anyway, are the bars even open again?"

Nolan looked crestfallen but then perked up again. "How about I go buy some drinks and we have them here?"

That sounded good to Tessa but she was wary of whether that would be allowed here. Unlike her little adventure around the office area, there was a security camera in the kitchenette and they would certainly be seen drinking. "Is that going to be okay?"

"Yeah it will be fine. The last couple of Fridays Jennifer arranged drinks for a bunch of us here. We had some wine, beer and snacks. It was actually pretty lively. She also said that her plan was to have little networking events for the tenants once this place was set up and the people moved in."

Tessa was convinced that there wouldn't be any trouble and so couldn't see a reason not to agree. "Well, in that case I'm in. Thanks."

Nolan seemed pleased with her acceptance. "What would you like me to get you?"

"I don't need anything fancy, some beer would be fine for me."

"Okay, cool. I might get us a six pack."

Nolan ducked out for a bit before returning with a six pack which he put inside the fridge. As he passed by the reception desk he called out to Tessa. "See you after work."

That afternoon Tessa received a call from Jennifer. In a moment of coincidence Jennifer apologised for not being able to come over and celebrate the end of Tessa's first week. When Tessa mentioned that Nolan had got some drinks for after work Jennifer sounded happy that something had been organised and promised that she would arrange for everyone to get together once the office was officially open.

Jennifer also mentioned the photos taken from the previous day and gave Tessa a compliment on how good she looked in them. Tessa was ecstatic to hear that she and Nolan would be getting paid a small bonus for their modelling work as the company saved money by not hiring actual models.

After the call Tessa took care of some emails and when Jennifer sent through some of the photos Jasper had taken. She opened them up and was impressed by how well they had turned out. Wanting to compliment Jasper, Tessa left her desk, went to his office and knocked on the door. When he opened up Jasper smiled when he saw Tessa.

"Hi Tessa, to what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?"

"Hey Jasper, Jennifer sent me some of the photos from the shoot yesterday. The ones I saw are really good. You did a great job of making us look good."

"Thanks, I think part of the credit should go to you and Nolan. Both of you were very photogenic and you took directions well."

He looked at her with a smirk, "Do you think I could convince you to do some more modelling for me?"

Tessa thought of the sexy poses she had tried out later in the bathroom and blushed. She hoped Jasper just thought she was embarrassed out of modesty. "Maybe, but only if you pay me a lot. Modelling seems like a massive step down from the glamorous job of being a receptionist."

Jasper laughed, "I'll see what I can do. In the meantime do you want to see the rest of the photos I took?"

Tessa nodded and followed Jasper back into his office where they looked at all the pictures that had been taken. After that they chatted until it was time for Jasper to leave. He was heading off early so that he could get ready for a dinner out with friends. When Tessa returned to the reception desk she found she hadn't missed any emails so she settled back and browsed the internet on her phone while she waited for the day to end.

Just after five o'clock Nolan arrived from upstairs having finished for the day. He accompanied Tessa on her quick walk around to check the offices were all secure before they both headed to the kitchenette for drinks. Nolan fetched a couple bottles of beer and opened them before handing one to Tessa. Nolan held his own bottle up toward Tessa.

"Congratulations on getting to the end of your first week."

Tessa clinked her beer against Nolan's. "Cheers."

They both took a drink and Tessa sighed with satisfaction. It had been quite some time since she'd had a beer and its taste reminded her of better times before everything went to shit. Reflecting on her situation Tessa was feeling a lot better. She had completed her first week of her new job and was going to get paid soon with a bonus on top. While the work had been satisfying, she also had some fun experiences and now she was enjoying a beer with a good looking and interesting guy.

She smiled gratefully at Nolan. "Thanks, this is really good. Now if only we had some snacks, this would be perfect."

In response Nolan reached down for his backpack before pulling out a bag of corn chips and a jar of salsa. Tessa laughed and nodded her head in acknowledgement.

As Tessa and Nolan relaxed and enjoyed their beer and corn chips they chatted about things they were looking forward to doing now that the pandemic was starting to ease. Their discussion then went on to more personal topics. Both of them admitted that the lockdown had really cut down on their social life. While Tessa had given online video dating a try, it was just too artificial and she found it draining. Nolan hadn't bothered with dating, instead he focused on keeping in contact with his friends through gaming. Tessa was pleased to hear that Nolan was single and couldn't help kicking her flirtation up a notch. They ended up staying at the office for a good while until the cleaners arrived and burst their little bubble. After tidying up they left the building together, saying goodbye as they each headed in different directions.

Arriving at work on the following Monday, Tessa found she was actually looking forward to the day. Despite there being only enough work to fill about a third of her day she was being paid pretty well for it. Plus there were other things here to occupy her time. Not least of which was lunch with Nolan.
