"Cleave!"
"Two damage. Leg disabled!"
"Crap. Any healers around?!"
Of course there weren't. I had been foolish and run off after the bandit that had stolen my shield without any backup. As I collapsed to the ground, I realized I was surrounded by a team of bandits and about to be skewered. I closed my eyes and felt the tip of the latex weapon hit my chest.
"Okay. We're looting your sword." I dropped the sword with a sigh. There was so whispering from the group. "And your armor."
"My armor?!!" I sat up quickly. "Hell no!"
"Come on, Rachel, you know the rules."
Yeah, I knew the rules. I had read them several times over the previous few weeks. My boyfriend, Gregg, had finally convinced me to join his friends at one of their live action role playing events. There was a group of about 100 guys and girls that got together one weekend a month and two one week periods over the summer to pretend that they were medieval characters and go through plots created by the game masters.
I've done tabletop games with a bunch of the players before, and I had a chance to meet some of the other girls that would be at the event, so when Gregg invited me along for the week-long event, I thought it would be a nice excuse for a camping trip and a chance to hang out with some cool people.
I didn't want to make a fool of myself though, so I spent a lot of time reading through the rule books and making a character I was really proud of. I was a warrior, descended from a long line of strong female warriors, and my leather corset was supposedly armor passed down from generations. In reality, it was an excuse to wear my new corset armor, and now I would have to give it up.
I knew I would have a chance to buy it back at one of the many merchant shops that pop up throughout the game, or at the very worst, get it back at the end of the week, but neither of those options made me happy right now.
I was ruing how stupid and incompetent I had been in my first actual battle, when a voice broke through. "Come on, I'm sure you have great tits."
I glared at the speaker, a prick by the name of Jon whom I had luckily only encountered a few times in real life.
"Oh! Is that what this is all about?!!" I stood up, angrily, reaching back to unbuckle my armor. I threw the armor at his head, and I was pleased that he didn't get his hands up in time. "I hope that leaves a welt."
I turned to the rest of the gawking boys and squeezed my breasts in my hands. "There, get a good look." I'm a b-cup, so there isn't much sag normally, but I held them high and pointed them at each of them in turn. Several looked embarrassed or nervous, so I made sure they got a good look before I moved on. Others, like Jon, seemed eager and I quickly passed by them.
As I finished my circle, I broke through the group, elbowing Jon in the ribs on my way, and stormed off towards the "Inn" - The registration area where the GMs tended to congregate and where all of our meals were served.
"I need a new character," I announced loudly as I slammed the door open.
Everyone turned and looked at the disturbance, then mouths started dropping open as they realized I was standing there topless, my hands clenched at my sides.
A girl named Mary rushed over and put a cloak on my shoulders. I shoved it off and let it fall to the ground as I sat down on a bench next to the group that authorized new characters. "I don't need sympathy. I need a character."
I explained the situation, and heard some gasps and some grumbles. One guy who I didn't know tried to be helpful. "You know, you could have gone out of game, put on a different outfit, then returned the corset to them."
I just glared at him. He had missed the entire point. Showing my breasts wasn't the problem. I just needed to vent about my mistakes and get a new character so I could go take my frustrations out with a sword.
Smitty, the head plot GM for the weekend, looked like he was either constipated or thinking very hard. He shook his head as if to clear the cobwebs, then turned to me and smiled.
"I have an idea for you, but you don't have to say yes." When I didn't say anything, he continued. "I've been sitting on a plot that involved an NPC, but I didn't know if anyone would want to take the role. I can easily rewrite the character into a PC, so you would have more autonomy, but you would have an important plot hook later this week as well."
"What's the catch?" I asked him suspiciously.
"The character is a water nymph." This didn't mean anything to me - I hadn't read about the magical races since I hadn't been planning on playing one - but it made a few of the other GMs giggle or gasp.
When I didn't seem to understand, he passed me the rule book, open to the page on Nymphs.
 _Nymphs are magical creatures of the elements. They are flirtatious with other species, but rarely let others come close enough to actually touch them. In fact, their magic is such that they can not be touched without their consent. They are masters of illusion and deception, and have often led others to their demise through trickery and deceit._
Nymphs costumes consist of the element that they represent. For instance plant nymphs wear outfits made of leaves.
"So, my outfit would be..."
Smitty shrugged. "That's why I didn't know if I'd be able to get someone to play it. But you seem comfortable enough with your body that I thought it might be an option. We can provide you with a blue "water" outfit that we have, if you'd prefer, but it really doesn't hide much anyway."
I heard some rustling behind me, and turned to see the costume mistress
holding up a gauzy blue dress. I could easily see her behind it.
"Can I think about it?"
Smitty nodded. "To help persuade you, because it would be a major plot character, I'd be able to give you double XP for the week."
I smiled and grabbed the rule book. "That is tempting. Let me read more, and see what Gregg thinks." I headed out the door, lost in thought, oblivious to the fact that I was still topless.

The cabin we had chosen was in the north campground, so I had a while to think before I got there. I knew Gregg wouldn't mind seeing me walking through the woods naked, but how would he feel about everyone else seeing me? For that matter, would I really want Jon seeing me completely naked? I knew my character couldn't be touched without her permission, but would he or his like-minded goons try to grope me?
On the other hand, it was supposed to be getting up into the 90's or even higher this week. Having an excuse to not have to wear layers of clothing could be nice. As a water nymph, I'd probably also have an excuse to go swimming any time I wanted. I had looked at the lake when I had first arrived, and it had been tempting me ever since.
I was imagining floating in the lake, the cool water caressing my body, when I was brought back to reality by some rustling in the trees. I was about to call out that I was not in game, but I stopped when I saw what was going on.
Stacey, a girl from our group back home that always seemed to be hitting on a different guy each week, had apparently snared one. She was playing a Medusa- like character, with her hair dressed to look like a bunch of snakes. She was pressing somebody up against a tree and kissing him passionately.
His hands wrapped around her and held her tightly, while she rested her hands on the tree on either side of his head. The snakes looked like they were actually alive as he ran one hand up the back of her neck and through her hair. I vaguely wondered about how Medusa would have sex. It seemed as though I might find out as she stepped back and pulled her dress off before returning to kiss him once more.
Watching them was turning me on, as he fumbled around for her bra clasp. She started rubbing her hand over the front of his pants as he finally managed to release her breasts. She pulled back slightly, so he could kiss and suck her nipples, and I noticed that my hand had found its way up to my own bare chest.
I watched as she continued to squeeze and massage his pants, and I found myself squeezing my breasts in rhythm. "Well, it seems like this gorgon has turned something to stone." Stacey's voice traveled to where I was watching. "Let's take a look."
Stacey slowly got to her knees, looking into her victim's eyes the whole time. She unfastened his pants by feel alone, and I watched as his hardon came into view. I had to admit, she was good. Without ever taking her eyes off of his, she started licking and sucking his staff. Within moments she was able to get his whole shaft into her mouth and she started massaging his sack.
I realized that I was playing with my nipples in the middle of a road and that I had been lucky so far, but I should really move. Slowly, not wanting to disturb the scene in front of me, I walked towards the side of the path. I made a wide circle through the trees until I found a place that was far enough from the road that I felt safe. When I looked back at the couple, Stacey was still on her knees, but one of her hands was now reaching inside her panties. He was on his tiptoes with his legs spread wide and shaking. As I looked higher, I could see why. He had one arm hooked back against the tree supporting him while the second was holding the very base of his cock. The rest was flying in and out of her mouth as she sucked and twisted and licked him down to the core. The hand that wasn't between her own legs was lodged between his. She was cradling his balls with her palm, and I could just make out the tip of her middle finger stroking his anus. Each time she moved it, his whole body would shudder.
I loosened the drawstring on my skirt and reached inside. I started rubbing myself in time to her ministrations, and was soon on the verge of my own orgasm. I watched her hips start to buck as a minor climax hit, then she redoubled her efforts on his manhood. Soon he was moaning, and removing his hand from his rod, brought it to the back of her head. She enveloped his entire shaft and held her mouth pressed against his groin. Her hand remained busy however, milking every last bit of cum from him. I closed my eyes as pleasure coursed through my body, and I heard rather than saw his orgasm. I let my breathing get back to normal, then tightened my drawstring back up.
I looked back at the couple, and for the first time looked at his face. Gregg! What the fuck was my boyfriend doing getting a blowjob from that tramp?! I screamed and stormed off, headed back for the Inn. For the second time that morning, I slammed open the door.
"I'll do it."