Blackmailed Step Sister

I hacked my step sister's computer one day while she was out. She's 17, 5'5", like 115 pounds, with long black hair and piercing hazel eyes. She's in gymnastics so she has a killer body, especially her round ass and shapely legs. She a bit conceded because of this of course. She has a web cam and I had suspected she was using it for something possibly naughty. She's been on it every night after our parents go to bed, and she often now closes and locks her door which is normally something she never used to do. 

Well once I got into her computer I was both shocked and thrilled at what I found. In her recycle bin I found like 5 discarded video clips that she obviously meant to delete but never did. Oops! Big mistake, ha ha ha. Some were of her just making funny faces and silly stuff like that, but others were a lot more risqué. I opened one in which she was in her underwear only dancing around, some even in a thong, which was a real treat. Then I opened another one and was stunned to watch her strip down completely naked and examine herself standing in front of her mirror. The next clip was like hitting a jack pot. It was her rubbing her hands all over her body then leaning back on her bed rubbing her pussy with one hand while caressing and squeezing her boobs with the other. This one last for almost five minutes and at one point she eve stuck a finger up her ass as she gyrated around masturbating her self right on camera. God she had an amazing ass! Stunned at such a find I could not believe it so I burned all the files on a disk and returned her computer and room back to the way I first found it covering my tracks. 

For the next day or two I didn't say anything while looking at my step sister in a whole new light. I knew I could use this against her in a big way since my parents think she is such a little angel. If anyone at school got a hold of one of these my sister's life as she knew it would be over. 

The next night I left a copy of the CD on her bed with a note while she was in the bathroom showering. It said, "Play me. Then come to my room." I was shaking nervously wondering how badly this could backfire on me if things didn't go as I planned. I waited in my room staring at the TV not even really watching it. About 40 minutes later my sister opened my door without even knocking. She walked in staring at me coldly. She was so mad at me but knew I had her. She was doomed and knew it. 

I told her if she didn't do everything I said I would make sure the vids got out to everyone at school. I also told her that I had uploaded them somewhere on the net so trashing my computer or searching my room was no use. 

I teased her about how embarrassing it would be for certain people in town to see these really rubbing it in. She eventually broke down begging me to not do anything saying she do anything, my chores, give me money, anything. 

I told her to close the door then I told her to lie down on my bed face down. She did it without arguing or saying anything. She was wearing light blue flannel pajama pants and a white cotton tank top that was snug. My heart was beating hard in my chest looking at her nice round butt having very perverted thoughts. I told her to lie there and not move no matter what. She didn't say anything, she just lay there still. 

I grabbed the legs of her pajama pants at the bottom and gave them a playful tug. They slipped down a few inches exposing a pair of thin white cotton panties with small hearts all over them below. I liked what I saw so I pulled on them again more but this time kept pulling. Her soft flannel pants slipped down past her hips then past her butt. She had an awesome ass with her skimpy panties hugging a pair of nice round cheeks underneath. I pulled her pajama pants completely off telling her to keep still. She tried to whine but I shut her up right away. She complied after that not saying a word. 

I kneaded her ass and got a huge boner in my shorts. I tugged her panties up her butt and she let out a little squeal so I shushed her up again ordering her to just lie there or else. I pulled her panties harder stretching them up her butt crack watching the delicate material disappear up her butt as her smooth round cheeks were unveiled to me. I kissed her perfect ass cheek feeling their warmth as I felt my already hard dick tense up even further fully erect in my underwear. Unable to control myself any longer I hooked my fingers under both sides of her waistband and pulled her panties all the way down and off letting her naked cheeks jiggle and shake freely now. She let out another little squeal but did not move. 

She was clenching her cheeks together hard so I ordered her to stick her butt out. She called me a total perv and wouldn't so I told her if she didn't shut the hell up and do exactly what I told her from now on it was over. I threatened her till she said ok, ok over and over. She stuck her butt out arching her back and I pulled her cheeks apart looking at her cute little butt hole and slit between her legs. Her pubes were short and very well manicured. I kissed her soft warm butt all over and then stuck my tongue in her ass. I teased her asking her if she liked that. She didn't say anything at first. Ordering her to stick her ass up again I stuck my tongue in again and this time she let out a little moan. I teased her again asking her how she liked having her asshole tongued and this time she just said, "I don't care." I licked it a few more times and I could sense her breathing differently. With my cock straining in my pants I stood up, pulled my pants and underwear down and got on top of her rubbing my cock up and down against her ass crack humping her ass. It felt so good. I humped her ass toying with her threatening to stick it up her butt hole if she didn't keep sticking her butt out. My dick was sliding up and down right against her asshole. With my precum lubing her ass crack my stiff cock slid up and down with ease. Overcome with lust I finally jumped up and ran around to her face and shoved my cock right into her mouth. She was surprised and wide eyed but did not resist much. I pumped my fat cock into her mouth making her grunt and gag with each thrust. It was awesome watching my stuck up step sister have to suck my cock trapped bottomless in my bedroom. It was so dirty and perverted I could barely control myself. I shoved my hard shaft deep into her throat a good two dozen more times before I felt the rush come over me reaching the point of no return. A moment later I bucked up hard shoving my ejaculating wiener deep into her throat causing her to choke and gag on my spewing cock. Blast after blast of hot jiz shot out of my cock as the orgasmic wave took over. Turning her face away choking I finished off shooting cum all over her face and hair. I came a lot! 

Disgusted she lay there spewing out my cum wiping the load of slimy white jiz off her face. It was quite the visual with her lying face down bottomless on my bed still with her round ass on display and a face full of cum. How degrading it must have been for her to have to suck her own step brother's cock and taste his cum! 

She started getting up assuming it was over but I told her she could not leave. Then I ordered her to get the vasoline from the medicine cabinet. She whined asking why so I told her it was because we were not done yet. She groaned and got up bottomless with her pussy and naked ass on full show and got what I asked for and returned a moment later with vasoline in hand. 

When she returned with the vasoline jar I told her to stand still and raise her arms straight up. She asked why and I snapped at her again reminding her that she was not allowed to ask questions let along talk at all. Pouting she complied and I pulled her shirt up till her bare titties sprung free as I took her shirt away leaving her completely naked from head to toe now. Toying with her bare breasts I pinched her nipples playfully feeling my cock beginning to grow again. I played with her tits and felt her pussy. It was warm and wet now! I teased her about it and she got red in the face with embarrassment. 

Then I spun her around and pushed her face down on the bed as before. Climbing on top I humped her round rump till I got fully erect again. Then I ordered her to reach back and pull her own ass cheeks apart. She whined again so I ordered her again more sternly making sure she knew that I was in charge. She reluctantly did it exposing her stretched open asshole to me as I placed a blob of vasoline right on her anus. I pressed the tip of my finger into her ass lubing it up before pressing the head of my cock into her butt. At first just the head stretched her hole open. After a little squeal I let the rest of my shaft glide right in easily thanks to the lube. I pushed my cock all the way up her butt then out slowly at first but then faster and faster. I butt fucked her ass a good 25 times with her holding her ass cheeks spread apart the whole time so I could see every detail. I reached around and under at one point and started frigging her wet clit with my finger from underneath. She moaned and flexed in perverse ecstasy till I once again shot my second load of cum this time up her butt just as she came, or at least that's what it seemed like. Laying there exhausted for a few minutes I eventually got up unplugging myself from her. She got up covering her wet pussy and dripping ass and just stood there hanging her head in shame. 

I told her she was free to go. She sheepishly asked about the videos and all I said was as long as she did what ever I said her secret would be safe with me. She looked like she was about to sob as she left my room cupping her pussy and sore ass. 

I made her do more embarrassing and perverted things after this but those are stories for another time. 