Now You See Me
bycunninglylinguister©

Now You See Me Pt. 01

When I realized I was a voyeur I was just barely 18. I was in my cousins wedding and I was running late, as usual. I had started driving about 3 months before and I was truly enjoying my 4 wheeled freedom. Everyone else was already at the chapel and dressed but my hair appointment was last and so I told the rest of the girls to get the bride to the chapel and I would meet them there. They stuffed my dress in the back of my car and took off and thus I was 45 minutes behind them. When I pulled into the parking lot it was semi-full. It was a small chapel and the lot could hold maybe 100 cars and all the spots closest to the building were taken. I parked closer to the back under a tree to keep my car in the shade. I was just about to hop out in my yoga pants and sweat shirt to head inside and change when I realized it would be PACKED in there with all of the other girls doing their last minute adjustments. I hate being packed into small spaces with a lot of people, I always have and thinking of it made me sweat.

I looked back at my car and the fairly roomy back seat and decided I could easily slip into the cocktail style dress back there. Sure my bra was one of those peel and stick affairs and so my boobs would be exposed for a few minutes but the parking lot was empty and it would only be for a minute or two. This is when I knew something was up. The idea of my ladies being on display out in the open, even for a minute, made butterflies spring up in my stomach and I felt my small nipples begin to press against my bra. I don't have large breasts but they are perky and a decent handful. At that point in my life no one had ever held them but me yet I had been doing an awful lot of imagining about what it would feel like to have someone else caress them for me. I realized that I had been standing there staring at the back seat for a few minutes now and we were due to start pictures in less than 15 minutes. If I was going to change here I needed to get going.

I yanked open the door and hopped in. As I said the back seat was pretty roomy, at least for a 5' 4" petite 18 year old, and I had plenty of room to maneuver. I took the plastic wrap off my dress and unzipped the back to make sure it was ready to slip on without fumbling. I was getting increasingly excited about the idea of being mostly naked in a parking lot but I wasn't sure how long my courage would hold out and I didn't want to be fumbling with plastic and zipper in nothing but my panties for too long. The material of the dress was thin and it was sleeveless and on the shorter side. Nothing scandalous but certainly trendy and more appropriate for a night on the town than a wedding but that was my cousin for you.

The dress was set and it was time. I looked around the parking lot again to make sure no one was close, or maybe I was hoping someone was, and the parking lot was still empty. I took a deep breath and hooked my thumbs in the waist band of my yoga pants and remembered something important. I had been so focused on having my boobs exposed to view I had forgotten what I was wearing blow the waist. Yoga pants are tight and no one in their right mind wears boy shorts or full panties with them because the world can see the outline. I was a sheltered 18 year old and I only owned boy shorts and full panties so when I got dressed that morning I had just skipped the panties all together. My sweatshirt was long enough that it hung to mid thigh so I didn't think much of it at the time. But now I was about to whip my pants off and if I went through with it I wouldn't be mostly naked, I would be totally naked for several minutes while I wrestled with the stick on bra.

Now I was sweating for real but for a different reason. There was nervousness and a little fear for sure but there was also something else, I was getting really turned on. I wasn't a masturbation virgin even if I was an actual virgin but I hadn't done anything more than rub myself to orgasm, I'd never even put a finger inside of myself and right now I was more horny than I had ever been in my life. I kept imagining a car pulling up next to mine just as I was completely naked and someone getting out and looking down at just the right time to see me sitting there with everything exposed. I felt a wave of warmth rush from my stomach up to my head and I arched my back and moaned a little. My nipples were harder now than I could remember them ever being and the feel of them rubbing against my bra as I stretched sent shivers down my spine directly to my clit.

My right hand slid from my waist band around to my flat stomach and slid down. I was out of control, I needed a release and as my hand slid over my mound my moan turned into a groan and I felt every muscle in my body stiffen. My god my pants were WET. I knew about getting wet there, I always felt it when I rubbed myself but I had never been this wet. The crotch of my pants were soaked and as I found my clit and my vagina spasmed in response I felt a small surge of more moisture make its way out of me. God I could orgasm right then and there.

Suddenly there was the sharp noise of a car door slamming right behind me. I jumped and sat up straight, my heart racing and a knot instantly forming in the pit of my stomach. I loved the idea of someone seeing me but I wasn't ready for the reality of it. I looked out of the back window and a wave of relief washed over me. It was the photographers van and he had parked right behind me at the back of the lot to save the closer spaces for wedding guests but he was so focused on gathering his equipment he hadn't even noticed there was someone in the car behind him. At least he wasn't noticing now, but how long had he been standing there getting his stuff out of the back? Had he been watching me? How loud had I been when I got lost there, had he heard me?

The knot returned to my stomach and some of the fear trickled back, but with it came the rush of pleasure to the crazy part of me that was really into this. He got his last bag in place over his shoulder and began to walk toward the chapel. I was just about to turn around and get on with changing when he looked back over his shoulder. At first I thought he was checking his van to make sure he closed all of his doors but his gaze went past his van and locked with mine. We stared at each other for a second and then he smiled. His back was to me so I couldn't be sure but it certainly looked like he reached down and adjusted himself before he turned back and went into the chapel.

I felt the blood rushing to my cheeks and I felt hot and flushed. He HAD seen me and he knew what I had been doing! If he'd just noticed me changing he wouldn't have given me that smile, he would have looked away embarrassed. That look had been one of hunger, there was zero doubt that he would be imagining me while he played with himself later on and god help me that made me hornier than ever. I had been semi-caught! All of my clothes had been on but a total stranger had watched and listened to me pleasure myself for several moments.

The surge of adrenaline was enough to get me moving. I hooked my thumbs back into my waist band and whipped my pants off with a single motion. The leather seat was smooth and slightly cool on my butt as I sat back down. Next it was time for the sweatshirt. I crossed my arms and grabbed the edges and pulled it off over my head being careful not to mess up my updo. As I leaned forward to get my hand high enough my pussy lips made direct contact with the cool leather of the seat and I gasped out loud. It was like someone else was in control for a few seconds. My hips began to move back forth on their own. I was sitting in the middle to give me more space which means the hump of the seat was directly under my burning hot lips. I could feel the stitching of the ridge of the hump just to the side of my clit as my hips bucked.

I grabbed the headrests of the front seats and slid myself over until that stitched ridge was lined up perfectly with my clit. That had the unexpected effect of lining EVERYTHING up with those stitches. I had never given my butt hole any attention when I played with myself before, I had only focused on my clit. But as I lined that up the cool, ridged leather of that hump slid up and down my butt crack too and my butt hole received the first stimulation of its life. This time my gasp turned into a long loud moan. I was humping that seat for all it was worth and all I could think about was the photographer's smirk as he grabbed his package. If he could see me now he wouldn't just be adjusting, he'd be holding on for dear life. I was almost there, I could feel my orgasm coming like a tsunami and it was all I wanted in the world at the moment. I gripped the headrests even tighter and rode the ridge of the seat like it was a bucking bronco.

My phone rang and it was loud. It snapped me back to reality and dumped a bucket of ice water on my raging inferno, dousing but not extinguishing the flame. I wanted to cum so badly just then but I remembered where I was and why I was there and suddenly I was freaking out. What if the photographer had told my mother and cousins inside that some girl was jilling off in the parking lot. I reached over the seat and dug through my purse until I found my phone and answered.

"Hello!" My answer was breathless, like I'd been running a mile and it was too loud. Crap, I was caught for sure!

"Rachel, are you OK? Why are you out of breath?" It was my mother all right and I didn't have a good answer for her. I took a second, knowing that the longer the pause the less believable the story. In the end I told the truth because I couldn't think of anything else.

"Hey Mom, sorry, I decided to change in that car and it's more difficult than I though it would be, I'll be inside in a minute." I held my breath, it wasn't a great answer but it was better than the whole truth. (I was horny as a jack rabbit and a guy saw me getting off and the thought of that caused me to strip nearly naked and hump my car and now I'm shaking from being interrupted in the middle of the biggest orgasm of my life, be in in a minute.)

"What? Why? Oh nevermind, the photographer is here and everyone is nearly ready. Get in here so we can do photos, we are already running behind schedule."

She hung up and I flopped back agains the seat and sighed from relief and frustration. I was close, not as close I had been a minute ago but I could finish myself off if I was quick. But I didn't want to be quick, I wanted to linger in this orgasm, I wanted to feel it from my toes to the tips of my hair. I sat up and as I did I scooted back from the edge of the seat I had been riding just a minute before. The ridges did their trick and my breath caught for a second but I refused to let go again.

I felt coolness all along my butt and on my thighs and I looked down. There wasn't a puddle or anything but I had gotten the leather really wet and I could feel the moistness extending out from my vagina up my butt crack and down my thighs. Oh god that was hot. Without even thinking I took the middle finger of my right hand and ran it from the bottom of my vagina all the way to the top, twitching as I passed my clit. I stuck the finger in my mouth and sucked it clean, the taste was amazing. A little tangy but sweet too.

Again without thinking I took the same finger and plunged it deep inside of myself, burying it as far it would go, my palm resting warm and heavy on my clit and my eyes rolled back in my head as my pussy gripped my finger and pulsed around it for a second. It was the first time I had put anything other than a feminine product inside of myself. As I held my finger there and my pussy pulsed I felt a wave of fluid rush around my hand and now there was a small puddle under me. My hips came of the seat and pushed against my hand and I closed my eyes tight as the sensation washed over me. It wasn't an orgasm, it was something new, like the strong breeze before the storm. I pulled my finger out and there was a small pool of my juice in my cupped palm. I brought it to my mouth and sipped it in eagerly and then licked my hand before sticking my finger in my mouth and down my throat a little. I had never tasted anything so exquisite.

My phone rang again, this time it was a text.

"I can see your car, get in here we are starting."

Crap, I kept losing myself. I needed to cum so I could clear my head but there was no time now. I was a wet sticky mess from the waist down and I didn't have anything to clean up with. And did I even want to clean up?

No, no I didn't. I wanted to walk around for the rest of the evening coated in my own juices. I glanced around the parking lot again and this time it was nearly 2/3rd's full. Holy crap how many people had noticed me getting myself off on their way in? No cars were near mine but I had to be making some noise and the car must have been rocking the way I was humping the seat. As before the idea just contributed to the building need for release inside of me.

I still had my bra on through all of that and so I reached back and released the clasp. The feel of the fabric sliding over my nipples as it came off caused another involuntary spasm through my body. No time, I had to get inside. I reached back into my purse to grab the adhesive bra and paused. As I've said my breasts are not large and this dress had a little support. I looked from the dress to the bra for a second and then I jumped as a car pulled in right beside mine on the passenger side.

I was now completely naked, insanely horny and supremely late and the thing I most feared/wanted was happening. The back windshield of my car is kind of small but the door windows are large and the glass is not even a little tinted. I was on display as much as any animal at a zoo. Out of instinct I assumed the universal position of every person caught with no clothes on. I threw one arm across my breasts and the other over my crotch and I slid back against the driver side door and cowered.

Looking back I wish I had been bold enough to sit up tall and proud in all of my naked glory but I was shy young girl who was completely out of her element and running purely on instinct. The driver of the car got out and it was someone I didn't know. A middle aged woman, pretty and a little distracted as she was getting her dress sorted and putting her keys away. I was staying perfectly still hoping she wouldn't notice someone was in the car and not even thinking about what she would assume was going on in there if she did.

She started walking away and I thought I was in the clear when she did a double take and looked right at me. She must have seen me out of the corner of her eye. She looked in at me and this time I didn't hold her gaze, I reached up and grabbed the dress and started taking it off the hanger. She didn't linger and I assume she thought I was just a girl getting dressed. Something interesting did happen though. I found out that I was just as turned on by having a woman see me as I had been by having a guy see me. As the woman had glanced at me and even as I was thinking quick and grabbing my dress I felt a fresh trickle escape my aching vagina. I would see that woman several more times throughout the evening and every time I would feel that same surge of need.

I knew then that I wasn't going to bother with the bra and I didn't have any panties to bother with even if I wanted to. I finally pulled the dress on and zipped it. My breasts were held comfortably in the dress but I knew I was going to drive myself insane every time I moved for the rest of the evening. I decided that was exactly what I wanted. I was careful to hold the dress up around my waist to avoid getting it wet from the seat and reached down and grabbed my shoes. I opened the car door and set the shoes on the ground and put my right foot into the first one and bent over to buckle the strap. That's when I heard the voice of my cousin Jimmy approaching the car.

"Hey, I was sent to find you. Your Mom is beginning to think you've been abducted by aliens or something."

If he had come up to the car just 2 minutes earlier he would have seen all of me, every last piece of me and I shivered again at the thought.

"Sorry, the zipper on my dress got stuck and I had to wrestle with it."

Jimmy was a few years older than me and a cousin by marriage, he was from my Uncle-in-laws first marriage and so wasn't blood and I'd always thought he was kind of cute. As he came up beside me I looked up and noticed how amazing he looked in his tux.

"Dang Jimmy, you don't look half bad when you bother."

I smiled at him and leaned down to buckle my other shoe, his hand innocently brushing mine as he took the buckle from me.

"Hey I've got that for you, I am on assignment to get you inside before the photographer finishes the parents photos."

His gaze flicked up and then back down and I blushed a little as I noticed that he was checking out my cleavage. I was bending over and the dress was low cut so it was a pretty nice view. That's when things unintentionally escalated.

I still had my dress up around my waist to avoid the mess on the seat, you couldn't really tell when you were looking down at me. But Jimmy had squatted down in front of me like a shoe salesman. And he lifted my leg to place my foot on his thigh so he could buckle the shoe. I didn't expect him to do that and so I fell back into the car a little ways and the leg he was holding came up higher than he meant for it to. That plus the dress not being under me meant that for a second he had an eye full of my very wet and ready pussy. He coughed and spluttered and my heart leapt into my throat. He looked back down quickly and I sat up and pretended nothing had happened. But he took his time buckling that shoe and his gaze kept sliding up my thigh and every time it did my breathing became a little more ragged.

He took my hand and pulled me to my feet. I turned and leaned back in to collect my clutch and keys and I could feel his eyes on my butt and thighs the whole time. I don't think the dress climbed high enough for him to get another full view but he already knew I wasn't wearing any panties and he had seen what was under my skirt. I think his imagination was doing the rest for him. I stood up and closed the door and locked it and offered my arm to him. I glanced down as he took it and I noticed his pants were very tight and the outline of his manhood was very visible. I again pretended not to notice but as we started walking I felt a drop like the first sprinkle of a rain storm land on my upper thigh and begin running down toward my ankle. It was going to be a long night and when I finally did orgasm I should probably be in a soundproof room because it was going to shake the earth.


Now You See Me Pt. 02

Walking was presenting a whole new world of challenges and... problems/pleasures, the lines were growing incredibly blurred. I knew Jimmy was back there ogling my butt and replaying the unintentional glance I'd given him just moments ago and that was ratcheting the pressure building behind my pussy to dangerous levels. It felt like there was a dam in me about to burst and I kept finding reasons to glance behind me to catch my own glimpse of the bulge in Jimmy's pants. My thighs were growing more wet with every step and the heels I was wearing were causing my hips to sway more than usual. Every motion, every breath was serving to electrify my entire body. My nipples were rock hard and rubbing against the fabric of the dress, my pussy was soaking wet and the breeze drafting up my dress felt like the cool caress of a lover against my moist flesh. So many firsts in the last 15 minutes and they were adding up to what felt like a sexual revolution in me.

As we approached the church I caught my reflection in the glass door and gasped a little as I noticed how obviously erect my nipples were through the thin fabric. It dawned on me that I was walking in this building for the express purpose of being photographed and my decision to go braless and horny was about to be documented for posterity. It should have caused me to rush to the bathroom and put the stupid bra on but it didn't. If I were to be put in front of a judge I could easily have claimed a temporary insanity defense. Every thought was coming through a fog of desire, the higher functions of my brain were no longer in charge and my need to cum was in the drivers seat and I was a slave to it's whims.

Jimmy came around me to open the door for and my gaze was riveted on the reflection of his erection and I let out an audible sigh of disappointment as I lost that marvelous view as the door swung open. Apparently the sigh was loud enough to cause Jimmy concern.

"Are you OK Rachel, your cheeks are really red and you seem a little out of it?"

He had no idea how not OK I was, I needed 15 minutes alone in a very private place... or maybe a very public place. Oh God my pussy released another trickle at the thought of hiking my dress up right here and running my hands all over my body in this parking lot while Jimmy watched. This time the trickle didn't stay on my thigh, I felt a rivulet making it's slow way past me knee. The thick fluid taking it's sweet time and tickling as it ran. I stumbled as I passed through the door and Jimmy reached out to catch me.

There is no way it was intentional, Jimmy was a very polite and well mannered guy and even if he did have a raging hard on and had seen my bare pussy moments before he never would have touched me inappropriately. But as I began to lose my balance he let go of the door and reached out for me with both hands and his left one caught my breast as he wrapped me up. Up until now all I had imagined was people watching as I pleasured myself but with that one touch my fantasy exploded in an instant to include a new player. I wanted Jimmy's hand to stay there, to squeeze gently while his other hand found its way to my butt and slid around my waist making its way to my dripping wet sex.

"Jesus Rachel, you need to sit down, was it that hot in your car? You look like you're going to pass out!"

He pulled his hand off my breast and took a firm grip on my shoulders as he guided me to a chair positioned just inside the door. There was no way he had not felt the hard pebble of my nipple against the palm of his hand but it appeared that he was too full of concern to consider it right now. As I leaned forward and looked down I noticed that his erection was fading as he became more alarmed and now sadness and disappointment were added to the witches brew of my emotions.

"I'm sorry Jimmy" I said breathlessly and as if through a drugged haze. "I'll be fine in a moment, I... I guess it was hotter in the car then I realized (that was an understatement of epic proportions but not the kind of hot he meant). Can I get a bottle of water?"

"Of course, stay right here, I'll be right back." 

I took deep breaths and tried to calm myself down. I had to step back from the ledge and make it through this wedding. Maybe at the reception I could slip back out to my car and finish what I started but right now I had to focus. My heart rate slowed a little and my head cleared the smallest amount as I breathed in and out. Jimmy came back with a cold bottle of water and twisted the cap off as he approached.

"Here, sip this, don't gulp it. I told your mom you were a little overheated and you'd be in in a minute. No need to rush, they decided to do the mini groom and brides photos next so you have a little bit of time."

"Thank you Jimmy, you're very sweet, I'll be OK in a second or two."

I should have been embarrassed, I should be freaking out that my need to cum was causing me to make such a fool out of myself but it didn't even register. Then it got worse.

"Oh wow, your hands must be shaking, you've spilled water all over yourself."

I was confused for a moment, I hadn't spilled the water, I had barely taken a sip. Then I noticed where he was looking. My thighs were very noticeably wet down to my knee. The dress came down to mid thigh when I was sitting and the slickness glistened there as we both looked at my wetness and this did nothing to stem the tide that was building. I couldn't think of anything to say, what could I possibly come up with? He had to know it wasn't from the water, but he was as unexperienced in the ways of physical intimacy as I was as far as I knew and so he couldn't possibly know this moisture was from my driving need to orgasm... could he?

"I'll grab some paper towels, hold on a sec."

He popped into the bathroom next to where I was sitting and was back a moment later with a handful of paper towels. Without thinking or hesitating he began to pat my legs dry, his hand warm through the thin paper and moving from my calf up to my knee where he hesitated for a second. He glanced up at me, his cheeks reddening and he tentatively slid his hand past me knee to my thigh. He didn't pass the hem of my dress but I noticed the bulge in his pants had returned and was bigger than ever as he patted me dry and I knew that it was a pointless venture, I'd be even more wet when I stood back up.

"Rachel! Jimmy! It's your turn, get in here!" My mom's voice came from the chapel.

Jimmy yanked his hand back like he'd been burned and mumbled awkwardly as he looked for a trash can. I felt new warmth surge from my pussy as my eyes bore into the outline of his nicely sized penis, so erect now that the shape of the head was obvious and imagined myself pulling it from its confinement and sliding my lips slowly over its soft tip.

"Are you Ok to stand up now Rachel? Here, hold on to my arm for support."

He took my hand and pulled me up from the chair and wrapped my arm around his and pulled me in close. I intentionally turned in slightly so that my nipple pressed against his bicep, the feel of his strong arm against my breast was achingly perfect. We strolled into the chapel arm in arm, both of our cheeks flushed and our breathing a little rapid. Several stream of thick warm fluid were rewetting my freshly dried thighs and part of me did miss a pair of panties in that moment to soak up some of those juices so I could taste them... or maybe Jimmy would want to lick them?

We moved quickly to the stage and took our places in the bridal party. I felt another jolt of sadness when Jimmy let go of me to move to his side of the bridal party. Fortunately, everyone was so focused on the bride and groom that they didn't notice my nipples or Jimmy's erection. Nobody, that is, except for the photographer. I had almost forgot about that encounter from no more than 15 minutes ago in the flurry of everything I had experienced in the that small window of time. But as he pulled his face back from framing the shot on his camera our eyes locked again. He held my stare for a moment and then his eyes slid down to my breasts and lingered there with a look of pleasant surprise on his face. I could tell he was trying to look away but his eyes kept bouncing back and my first instinct was to cover my chest with my hands or turn away. But my second instinct, the instinct of the animal that was in the drivers seat of my actions in the moment was to drop my arms a little more and arch my back so that my nipples pressed even more firmly and visibly against the thin fabric. Everyone was looking into the camera lens so I don't think they noticed the swelling of the crotch of his pants but I did.

I imaging that guys had fantasized about me naked before that day, boys being boys and all, but I had never thought about it. That day though, I had made two penises so hard that they were straining at the seams and the thought of it was making me lightheaded on top of everything else. The surge of blood to my pussy, causing my vagina to feel full and swollen was coming at the expense of ever less blood in my head. I started breathing deep again and kept my back arched for the rest of the photos, knowing that anyone who cared to look back on these photos would probably be zooming in on my chest and marveling at my visible nipples for years, maybe decades to come.

The photos finished and before I knew it the ceremony had started. The happy couple said their vows and kissed while I split time between staring at Jimmy's constant erection, that he tried to cover up with his crossed hands, and the photographers intermittent erection that swelled up every time his camera moved my way. I was certain that he had taken quite a few close up shots of me as he moved through the ceremony to bank for later when he finally eased his own pressure, maybe even in his van in the parking lot before he drove away. Maybe I could peek through a window and get a look at that erection unclothed and in it's full glory. God! My thighs were so wet, it was getting so bad now that even my shoes had some pooled moisture as my pussy continued to issue forth ever more lubricant in anticipation of being deeply penetrated.

By the time we made it to the reception I knew I was not going to make it all the through the evening before getting my release. As my desperation grew I began to think up ways I could sneak off and find a place to take care of this ache. At first I only thought of sneaking off alone, but the longer Jimmy followed me around and held my arm, hugged me and otherwise found reasons to touch me I dared to expand the guest list to my private party. The thought of actually asking Jimmy to come with me and then undressing in front of him while his eyes grew wider and that bulge grew ever larger made me breathless. For the first hour of the reception I couldn't imagine actually doing it, it was insane, we'd get caught, he'd say no and call me crazy. But by the second hour the reasoning center of my brain had been completely submerged in desire and need and I had no choice but to act on my impulses.

I decided an indirect approach was the right way to go. I made a lap around the small church and discovered a small classroom at the very back of the building that was dark and unused. There was no lock on the door but that only increased the insanity within me. I returned to the reception hall that was a separate building and across a breezeway so I felt certain that I could make all the noise I wanted and the distance plus the music would cover it up. Jimmy was on the dance floor with a group of kids making them laugh as he danced goofily with them. The bulge was not as big as it had been when he was next to me but it was not completely gone either. I felt a pang of guilt for causing that, knowing it must be as frustrating as my own hyperactive pussy was. Oh well, I was going to make it worth the wait. Though I was about to lose my virginity it didn't even enter my thoughts, I just wanted to unsheathe that penis and caress it with my lips and tongue before it slid deep inside of me. My body shivered from head to toe and I heard a quiet splash as more than a drip came from my aching pussy, this time a small stream like pee had come from me but it most certainly was not urine.

Enough, I strode up to Jimmy and took him by the hand as if to get him to dance with me. The kids moved off and we swayed back and forth to the thumping beat for a moment before the song changed. The DJ announced that it was time for a couples dance and kicked a slow and sweet tune. Jimmy looked at me and as I met his gaze I saw the longing in his eyes. It was almost scary, a little feral and I knew my gaze was matching his for intensity and need. He took my hand and slipped his other around my waist. Resting his palm on the swell of my butt. I wanted his hand to slide lower, to caress and squeeze. As if he was responding to my thoughts he pulled me in close, my breasts pressed against his chest, nipples aching at the pressure and his pinky slid down over the top of my butt and made a little circle there. I went up on my tippy toes at the touch, trying to get his hand to slide lower. He was in moderately more control than I however and knew that we could not get too carried away here on a dance floor with family and children watching and instead slid his hand from side to side on my lower back. Every cell in my body was on fire and that small hint of friction was electric.

As the song ended I leaned up to his ear and whispered, "meet me outside in two minutes." My heart was thudding and the ever fading rational part of my brain could not believe I was actually doing this. I slipped away, my thighs sliding over each other as I added as much swish in my walk as I could manage without falling over, knowing his eyes were locked on to my butt as I left. The two minutes were to keep it from being obvious that he was following me out but he couldn't wait that long. The door had barely closed behind me before he came out after me.

"What is it? Is everything OK?"

The poor guy didn't know what to expect, I'd been teasing him all day, starting with the accidental flashing of my wet pussy and over and over again as I found every reason I could to press my aching nipples against his body. He had to pretend he came out here out of cousinly concern, even though it was obvious that I wanted him to slide himself into me until I begged for mercy.

"Don't ask questions, just follow me. There's something I want to show you."

I took him by the hand and moved as fast as I could without running to the darkened room I'd found. The moon was full and bright and filled the room with just enough light to see by, perfect for the first time I was going to let myself be seen fully. I pulled Jimmy in the room and asked him to close the door. While his back was turned I pulled the zipper on my dress and let it fall away from my aching breasts and soaking wet pussy. I looked down and saw the moonlight glinting off my slick thighs. I had never shaved my pussy but I didn't grow much hair either so it was covered with a small mound of hair that I kept trimmed and there were drops held in the curls there. Jimmy turned at the sound of the zipper and his eye became dinner plates as he took me in. He started at the pile that was my dress and moved slowly up my body. His eyes lingered for a long time on those wet curls, as if he was trying to peer beyond to see the soft folds of my sex. They paused again at my breast and his tongue flicked out and twitched as he obviously imagined running it over my nipples. When his eyes finally got to mine my breathing was coming in near gasps. Watching his eyes move hungrily over my body had brought me to a new apex of desire that I didn't know I could reach.

Jimmy's eyes held the question, "can I touch you?" And I nodded my assent, the look on my face a mix of nerves, desire and a small bit of concern over whether he truly like what he was seeing. He answered the last question as he took a step toward me.

"You are the most beautiful girl I have ever seen... I... I don't know why you wanted to show me... I'm... I've never done this before."

His awkwardness and his shyness mixed with his desire made him all the more attractive to me. That morning I had never thought of Jimmy as anything more than my cousin, a good guy and kind of cute but that was it. Now, I couldn't think of anyone else that I would want to give myself to my first time.

"Me either, I don't know what happened to me today, but I need this so bad right now it physically hurts. I'm sorry I've been teasing you all night but I... I want to make it up to you. Can I... Umm... take your..."

Now that it came to it I couldn't bring myself to say the word penis, this was so ridiculous. I had been flashing myself all over the place, showing of my nipples to strangers, leaking from my pussy for hours now and I couldn't say the word penis out loud to the guy I wanted to penetrate me.

"I'm sorry? I don't know what you mean..."

He was so sweet that I couldn't take it anymore, I closed the remaining space between us and began to undo his pants slowly. At first he looks astonished, he had to know it was heading this way but was not able to believe that it was actually happening. He stared into my eyes as I undid his belt, button and fly and then lowered myself to my knees as I slid his pants down. While still staring into his eye that were changing from shock to a smoldering fire I grabbed the band of his boxers and slowly slid them down. I broke eye contact as I turned my attention to the stem of his penis as it became visible. The first one I'd ever seen in person and it was magnificent. As I passed the head it sprang up, finally freed from it hours long restricting confinement and it grazed my check as it popped out. Where it had brushed me there was a large wet spot and there was more dripping from the tip. The head was purple and straining, bouncing up and down as Jimmy twitched at the sudden freedom and a groan escaped his throat as he tilted his head back and closed his eyes tight.

I stared for a long moment, taking it all in. I couldn't believe how thick it was and the veins were very pronounced. Desire was pushed aside for a moment by curiosity, I had to know how it felt. I pushed his boxers to the floor and then reached up and grabbed it and squeezed gently. Jimmy moaned again and I marveled at the feel of the veins against my palm. I ran my hand up and down with a light grip and those veins felt amazing on my palm. I had a sudden thought of how they were going to feel inside of me and desire returned with tidal force. I dropped my other hand to my swollen, wet pussy and slid my middle finger through my mound and between my lips. Now I was groaning and at that smallest of touch what felt like a flood escaped my pussy. I cried out and fell back unto my butt as my hips bucked involuntarily and several more streams escaped me. From the floor they arced up and splashed Jimmy's legs and penis then, as I bucked again, arced around and fell all over my naked body and sprinkled in my open mouth. I lost all conscious thought for a few seconds, the dam that had been building was cracking, even now it had not fully burst but it had begun to. I opened my eyes and looked down at myself. Droplets of my own cum beaded up on my stomach and breasts, I felt them running down my cheek and the site stoked the flames hotter within me. I looked up at Jimmy, a jolt of panic that he would think I was disgusting and had peed on myself. But the look on his face was far from disgust.

"You... you can squirt?"

I had visited enough porn sites to know that was a category option, though I'd never watched any of the videos. Jimmy had obviously been to the same sites but I bet he had watched one or two clips. His jaw was hanging open and an actual droplet of saliva was hanging on the edge of his tongue as it moved as if it had a mind of its own, making lapping motions as he stared at my wet body. My hips were still gently bucking on their own and I knew it was time to move this thing forward.

"I didn't know I could either, in the car earlier, when I was touching myself, was the first time I've had anything like it happen. That was the first time that much has come out of me. It feels like a waterfall, or a river... and I want more of it... can you help me?"

He didn't hesitate

"Oh God, yes!! I want to lick it off of you and then make you do it again in my mouth so I can drink it! Is that OK?"

A sudden boldness overcame my earlier hesitancy.

"Only if you promise to put that dick in me and keep pumping until I tell you to stop!"

We were both shocked that those words had come out of my mouth but only for a moment. Jimmy quickly took the rest of his clothes off and tossed them away. He got down on his hands and knees and started toward me. I propped myself up on my elbows and watched him approach, the motion of my hips increasing again as I let my body go, releasing all control of what happened next to my animal desire. Jimmy dipped his head to my right thigh, starting at my knee and worked his tongue slowly downward. Lapping up juices that had been accumulating for hours and moaning to himself as he did so. I laid back and arched my back as high as it would go and reveled in the sensations his lips and tongue were creating. As he moved closer and closer to my pussy my hips thrust up to meet his mouth and he caught me in his strong arms and held me pinned against his mouth as he began to suck hard on my full lips. I tried to buck but he just moved with me, his hands pressed hard into my butt, squeezing and kneading while pushing me hard into that flicking tongue. After a minute or two he pulled back a little and licked from the bottom to the top of my pussy. I cried out as he did this and I felt the pressure building again in my stomach. The next lick went lower and I flashed back to the wet seam of the leather seat sliding across my butt hole. I hoped he would go even lower but I didn't know how to ask for it. He licked me bottom to top two more times, three more times, Jesus I was getting so close.

"Oh God I'm going to cum so hard!!"

He licked again and slid deep into my pussy and his lips locked unto my clit and sucked hard then he pulled back.

"Do it, cum in my mouth, I want to taste it, I want to drink it!"

Then he dove back in and this time he raised my hips off the floor high enough that my legs came back and my knees were by my head. I was fully exposed, both of my holes wide open to his gaze as he looked down at me, looking with deep desire at both of them, then in my eyes with another question, "may I?" I nodded vigorously, panting and anticipating what was about to happen to me, a little nervous that it would be more than I could handle. That nod of encouragement was all he needed. He tilted me even further and started at the top of my crack and licked me all the way to my mound. As his mouth passed over my butthole my orgasm started. He lingered there for a second or two, darting his tongue in and out as far as he could get it and I began screaming then.

"Holy shit!! Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit... I'm going to cum!! I'm going to fucking cum!!"

I had never used those words, they were the grandaddy swear words and I was in a church! But there simply were no other words to use in the moment. Jimmy moved from my ass to my pussy and shoved his tongue deep inside of me, the first time I'd ever been penetrated by anything other than my finger, and that only hours ago. I screamed again.

"Fuck me with your tongue Jimmy!! Suck my pussy and fuck me with your tongue!! I want it so bad!!"

Jimmy was panting into my pussy and groaning, the vibrations sending waves deep inside me and the dam broke then. My entire body locked and my hips thrust into the air so hard that I lifted Jimmy up with me. His mouth never left my pussy, his tongue never stopped thrusting and licking. What felt like gallons of cum flowed out of me and into Jimmy's mouth. He drank deeply but it was too much for him to contain. It ran out of his mouth and over my ass, driving me even more insane. My muscles went form rigid to spasming. I cried out over and over again as my legs trembled and my hips thrust. My legs locked around Jimmy's head and I grabbed his head with both hands and fucked his face for all I was worth. Jimmy squeezed my ass with one hand and reached up and grabbed one of my breasts with the other. He squeezed my nipple between two fingers and kneaded my breast and I bucked even harder. Another stream of cum began to pour from me and Jimmy pulled back as it did and let it hit him in the chest. He grabbed his dick and began stroking it while my cum rained down over his chest, my juices lubricating his hand as he stroked. He never looked away from me, watching me spasm in exquisite agony and stroking his cock with a feverish look. His eyes darting up and down my body, from my soaking wet breast to my dripping my pussy and back again.

I came down just enough to be able to open my eyes and saw him stroking his cock with my pussy juices and decided I needed to taste myself on him. I sat up and spun around and pushed him back unto the wet floor. Both of us laying in a puddle of my cum I bent down and hungrily took his cock into my mouth as deep as it would. Jimmy cried out in pleasure and it was his turn to thrust his hips up in the air, trying to get deeper into my mouth. He was thick but not overly long, I could fit most of him in my mouth and I did, over and over again. I didn't know what I was doing, I didn't know what felt good for him but I was going to make up for my lack of knowledge with enthusiasm. I suckled as hard as I could and moved up and down his shaft over and over again. Pausing at the top of each stroke to twirl my tongue around his head. I could taste his pre-cum there that had been accumulating almost as long as mine and is was sweet and thick. Over and over again I sucked the tip of his cock and then plunged my mouth down over it's length until Jimmy took over and began thrusting into my mouth. I let him hold my head still while he bucked and thrust. His tip hitting the back of my throat. I began to moan again, yet another wave building up behind the dam in my stomach. My moans sent vibrations up his shaft and his moans changed to match time with mine. Suddenly, he stopped thrusting and pulled away from me. I began to bend down to get his dick back inside of my mouth, loving the taste, the sensation, the firm softness of it, the cushioned tip of his head. But Jimmy sat up and held me back.

"I don't want to come yet... that is if you're OK with... going the rest of the way."

He was shy again, asking if he was allowed to penetrate me, this amazing man, even in the animal throes of passion he was polite and would not push me somewhere I didn't want to go. I had never wanted anything in my life as much as I wanted his throbbing, vein covered cock balls deep inside my pussy.

I sat up on my knees and he did too, both of us dripping from sweat and my juices and I grabbed his face with both hands and drew his mouth to mine. We kissed then for the first time. He put his hands on my wet naked hips and I reached around and grabbed his ass and pulled him close. His dick now pressed against my mound, not yet touching my lips but the anticipation of that event sent a fresh shiver through my body. He slid his hands down over my ass now, just as I had wanted him to on the dance floor an hour ago, and he pulled me in to him even closer. His shaft now slid between my legs and my pussy now rested on top of his incredibly hard cock. I started sliding myself back and forth on that shaft as a fresh trickle of cum came out of me and lubricated the movement. He groaned into my mouth and I groaned right back. His hands pulled my ass cheeks apart, exposed my asshole to the breeze and the moisture there did it's magic and the chilled sensation caused my pussy to pulse and grip the top of his dick. I was at my breaking point, I couldn't take it anymore, I needed him inside of me right now and I wanted it in the most animal way I could imagine. I had looked into his eyes while he sucked my pussy to orgasm, now I wanted him to mount me from behind and slide as deep as it was possible to slide into me.

I broke off the kiss and looked into his eyes.

"I want you to put your dick into me as deep as you can go, and remember you promised to keep going until I said to stop"

"Yes ma'am"

I spun around and got on all fours and put my face on the wet floor. My ass up in the air and all of me open and ready to be taken.

"Take me right now Jimmy, put your fat veiny con inside of my dripping wet pussy right fucking now!"

I heard him whisper "Oh my God..."

And then his hands were on my hips and he was moving closer. He was still the gentleman, knowing it was my first time and no matter how lubricated I was he didn't want to hurt me. He placed his tip against my pussy, parting the lips just a little and held it there. He leaned over and reached through my legs and began to massage my clit. Electricity burned through my veins and I began moaning louder and louder, pressing back against his throbbing cock. I could feel every heartbeat there at the entrance to my pussy, each pulse a warm pressure. More cum began trickling out of me coating the head of his cock and mingling with his pre-cum. He began to push into me as I pushed back into him, the dome of his head spreading me apart farther than I had ever been spread before. When his tongue had penetrated me it had been amazing, warm and soft and electrifying. When I'd put my finger inside me it had felt deep and satisfying. But I had never imagined anything could feel like this. As his head spread me apart it filled me, it felt like it was made to be there, the two pieces designed to be a whole. And then his tip was past my lips and sliding in deep, faster. With so much lubrication and me anxiously pushing back into him once his head was in I slammed myself back, fully impaling myself on his cock. I felt every vein as they passed my lips and words did not exist to describe the sensation. My moan turned into a guttural cry of pleasure with a very small amount of pain. The pain was gone in a moment though and Jimmy started to pump, slowly.

He slid himself out all the way to his tip and then slid himself back in, my legs began to quiver and the pressure in my stomach began to build again, but this time it felt different, it felt deeper and I know this was going to be the wave I would drown in and I was happy to submit to it. Jimmy's thrust started to speed up, his moans turned into grunts and he straightened up and grabbed my hips hard, pulling me unto him time and time again. I grabbed my breast with one hand and squeezed and kneaded there, twirling my nipple between my fingers feeling the link from my nipple straight to my pussy and from there to the universe. I slid my other hand down between my legs and began flicking my finger over my clit. It was like hitting the afterburners on a jet and a steady stream started to trickle out of my pussy, flowing around Jimmy's cock and pooling under our thrusting bodies.

I tossed my head to the other side and opened my eyes for a moment and my heart skipped a beat. The door was cracked a few inches, the door that didn't lock in the darkened church, and standing in that door with his cock in his hand stroking as hard as he could was the photographer. It was then that I noticed the bags for his gear stacked there right by the door. He must have come to pack up and stumbled on Jimmy and I. For a second I was about to yell for Jimmy to stop, that someone was watching. But isn't that what I'd really wanted all day long? Isn't that why I was so horny in the first place. Jimmy's thrusting increased another notch and I could feel the throbbing of his cock growing more insistent, more powerful, he was close to cumming, and oh God I was too. My eyes rolled back in my head and I lost conscious thought again for a moment. I flicked my head back the other way and resumed flicking my clit. Dear God this was the largest one yet. I flicked my head back the other way and that's when I noticed the camera in the photographers hand. Not only was he watching but he was videoing and even more people would see me being ravaged and crying out while squirting like a firehose again and again. And dear sweet Jesus I wanted it! I wanted to sit down in the middle of a park and fuck myself into unconsciousness while the world watched. I wanted to be covered in my own cum, I wanted to drink it and I wanted Jimmy to fuck me in every hole while people gasped and cried out and then began touching themselves.

Jimmy's hands moved from my hips and spread my ass apart as he thrust faster and faster. My hand was a blur as rubbed my clit raw and my breast had a pleasurable ache from being squeezed so hard. I looked up at the cameraman and locked eyes with him again and smiled and flicked my tongue out and ran it across my lips. That was too much for him and cum began flying from his dick toward me as his whole body shuddered. The site pushed me right to the edge and my eyes rolled back in my head again as the orgasm that I'd been waiting for all day finally caught up to me and drowned me in it's intensity. Jimmy's hands moved from spreading my ass apart to my crack and I realized what was about to happen just before it did. He dipped his thumb down to where his cock was thrusting and lubricated it with my cum then slid it back up to my asshole. When his thumb slipped into my ass my world exploded and I left the conscious plane. All I could see was intensely white light and my entire body was one full spasm. I lost all motor control and hips thrust in time to Jimmy of their own accord. The force of my cum was so great that it pushed Jimmy out of me, it covered his cock, stomach and legs and the pool had become a puddle. That puddle ran up to where my face was and now Jimmy pushed back in and I was being pounded while my face was in my own cum. I stuck my tongue out and licked it up while Jimmy thrust again and again. He moved his thumb in and out of my ass and suddenly it was all too much.

"Cum inside me Jimmy! Finish me!"

That was all the encouragement he needed and his thrusts changed into aggressive pounds as he came deep inside my pussy. I could feel it filling me, there was no place left in me that was not filled with him and it felt like heaven. Jimmy finished his final thrust and as he pulled out one last wave of orgasm rocked me and I squirted all over his departing cock one last time before collapsing in my own juices twitching and moaning.

Time passed and I was not aware of it. Jimmy was laying next to me, both of us panting, my cum cooling in the pool around us.

"Thank you Jimmy, I had no idea it could be like that."

"Me either, I don't know how we did that but I want to do it again."

"The cameraman would probably like that too."

"What? What do you..."

Jimmy turned to the door just as it closed and then looked down to the globs of semen on the ground by the door.

"He was watching us the whole time?"

"I don't know if it was the whole time but I noticed him there at the end."

"You didn't tell me to stop?"

"I... think I like being watched... is that OK?'

"Rachel, if you do that to me I don't care what kind of audience you invite, count me in every time." 
