Bob And The Girl Next Door
by Octave888888

Bob And The Girl Next Door Ch. 08

Final chapter.

From the minute Olivia figured out what was going on, Anna became a prisoner in the house. I tried to text Anna, but I got no responses. That evening, I spotted a note in her window. 'Mom took my phone. I've never seen her so mad.'

I guess I understood Olivia's anger. I hadn't meant for her to find out the way she did. Maybe it was ironic that we had been brainstorming ways to tell Olivia when she figured it out on her own. If Anna hadn't called me Daddy....

No, I can't blame her. It was my fault. I'm the adult, and I should have ended this long ago.

Still, I had to try to make this right. So, the first thing I could think of was to settle up on the money for Anna's car. I wrote up a check for $2000, more than I really owed, and wrote a letter to go with it.

Dear Olivia,

I never meant to hurt you. But I do really care for Anna. I know the age gap makes it look bad. I hope that you'll give me a chance to explain. And I hope that you'll still accept the money for Anna's car. I'm sorry for everything.

Grant

I slipped the letter and check into an envelope, stuck it inside their front door, rang the doorbell, and went back to my own house without waiting for them to answer the door. I knew if Olivia had answered the door and seen me standing there, she'd do something we'd all regret.

*****

I waited a few days, and didn't see either one of them. I didn't hear them either. And of course, no messages. I checked my bank account, and the check had not been cashed.

The total silence was broken one day when I heard back-and-forth yelling come from their house. I couldn't make out what was being said, but clearly Olivia and Anna were fighting. It hurt to know that I was the cause. I was ripping their family apart.

The next day, I saw another message in Anna's window. 'Found the check. Mom tried to hide it from me. She's refusing to cash it. Thanks for trying.'

*****

After about a week, I started getting pressure from my boss, Bill, to do my last trip to Phoenix. I had been putting off planning that trip, mostly because of my unresolved issues with Olivia and Anna. I also couldn't ask Anna to watch Bob.

But, work being what it was, I couldn't put it off any longer. I told Bill I'd make the trip next week. I called the local pet hotel and made arrangements for Bob. But, I'd make at least one attempt to talk to Olivia before I left.

I knocked on their door. Olivia appeared, saw me, and went to slam the door in my face. "Olivia, wait, please," I begged, holding the door open.

"Let go," she said, pushing the door again.

"Just one minute," I asked. "I need to go out of town again. Can you please let Anna watch Bob for me?"

Olivia softened for a minute. "Bob?"

"If she can't watch him, I'll have to take him to a pet hotel, and he'd really hate it. I'd much rather have Anna do it." Olivia looked skeptical. "Please. Anna and I don't have to even see each other. And, you can supervise her the whole time if you want."

I think the fact that I'd be out of town, coupled with the fact that it was a favor for Bob, not just me, made Olivia reluctantly nod. "Fine. What days?"

"I'm leaving Sunday night. I'll be back Tuesday night. Thank you."

"Okay. Bye." She closed the door.

*****

I didn't see either of them outside after that, then I left on my trip. I knew that Anna would take good care of Bob, and he'd be happy to see her again. I thought about leaving Anna a note, but decided against it. If I did, and Olivia found it instead, it might make things worse. However, I did switch my cameras, putting the new one with the microphone in the kitchen, as I knew Anna would certainly not be allowed in my bedroom.

That Sunday night, I pulled out my tablet and watched Anna enter my house, with Olivia following behind. It was the first time I'd seen her since that terrible day, almost two weeks ago. But she didn't look the same. How can I describe it? She didn't bounce. She wasn't energetic and fun. She looked fatigued and sad.

Olivia watched as Anna took Bob outside, then fed him. No words were spoken between them. The only words I heard were from Anna to Bob.

Monday morning, the first visit to Bob was a similar scenario, but then I'm guessing Olivia went to work, because Anna came unsupervised for the second visit. She also knew that the camera had changed. "Hi," she said quietly, almost in a whisper. "I miss you. I found the check you sent. Mom and I yelled at each other pretty good that day. I told her I love you, and she said I don't know what love is, that I'm too young. But I do love you."

Monday evening, Olivia was back. The same for Tuesday morning. But Tuesday afternoon, I was in a taxi back to the airport when Anna visited Bob again, unsupervised. "Are you there? Can you move the camera?" she asked out loud.

I operated my tablet and made the camera shift up and down. A small nod.

"Do you miss me?" Nod. "Do you love me?" Nod. "You're not hooking up with other women in Phoenix are you?" I made the camera move side to side, shaking no. She smiled. "Good."

She fed Bob and petted him. She looked back up at the camera.

"Do you still think I'm sexy?" Double nod, showing a definite yes.

She looked around, though no one was around to see. "Want to see my titties?" Nod. She lifted her shirt for me, exposing her chest to the camera. "Do you miss these?" Nod.

She put her shirt down. "I have to go home. Mom's been having me check in, so I can only be here a few minutes each time. I'll talk to my mom again tonight. I can't wait to see you again."

*****

That night, Olivia again supervised Anna. It was late, and my flight arrived a bit early, so I was already in an Uber, coming back from the airport. I watched their interactions on my tablet, listening to every word on my headphones, as we drove into the neighborhood.

"Mom, you're being unfair. He's a nice guy."

"I thought so too, until I found out he's been sleeping with my daughter."

"I already told you, it was only once, and I wanted it. I seduced him."

Olivia frowned. "Did he make you call him 'Daddy'?"

"No. That was my idea. It started as a joke, actually. Too bad it's not funny anymore."

"How is that a joke?"

"Because he started dating you!" Anna snapped. "I liked him, and he liked me back, but he was a perfect gentleman, and wouldn't ever touch me, and that made me fall even more in love with him. So I seduced him, not the other way around. And then, after all that work, he goes and dates my mom instead of me!? Maybe it is a joke, and I'm the damn punchline."

Olivia was shocked at her daughter's speech. "Do you even hear yourself right now? You don't really love him."

Anna was adamant. "Yes I do."

"And he doesn't really love you!"

That was the moment I stepped in the door. "Yes I do."

I don't know who ran to me faster, Anna or Bob. But Anna grabbed me into a tight hug, while Bob merely bumped my leg with his head.

"I want to stay with you," she cried into my shoulder.

I really wanted that too. But I couldn't do that. It would destroy her relationship with her mother. I looked at Olivia and she gave me the most evil gaze I'd ever seen. But behind that look, I could see the pain. She'd be utterly destroyed if her daughter left. "Anna, I think you should go home with your mother."

Anna released me and took a step back. "What?"

"I love you, but you're too young to move out of your mom's house. I think it would be best for everyone," I sighed, "if you stay there, and finish high school."

Anna looked sad, but Olivia looked a little mollified. "I agree," she said.

Anna looked between us. Tears rolled down her cheeks, as if she couldn't understand what I was saying. But in the end, she realized we were right. "Okay," she conceded.

I put a hand on Anna's shoulder. "But I'm not going anywhere. Right now, I think you and your mother need to talk, and be together." I walked her over to her mother, and I put her hand into Olivia's. "Please, talk to each other tonight," I begged them both. "Then come find me tomorrow. Okay?"

Both women nodded, and Olivia led Anna home.

I watched them go, then I collapsed on the couch. I'd either see them tomorrow, or I'd never see them again.

*****

The knock on my door came around 11:00 the next morning. I ran to the door, hoping to find Anna, but opened it to find Olivia standing there. She still looked mad, but not furious, and she looked tired, like she and Anna had been up late in the night. "Hi," I said. "How is she?" I led her in and we sat on the couch together.

"She's still sleeping. We talked about everything, late into the night. She told me... she told me things I didn't like, but I can't change them." She hesitated, then said, "I've asked her to come with me to a family counselor, for at least a few sessions, and she said okay."

I nodded. "That's good."

"I've also asked her not to see you for a while, at least until she graduates. I'm hoping I can get you to agree."

I gave a sullen nod. "Okay. I think I can wait that long." Then I looked at her. "You'll be okay with us dating, after she graduates?" I asked hopefully.

She folded her hands and stared down at them in her lap. "I guess I'll have to get used to it. She's an adult, and I can't stop her or dissuade her. The age gap does still bother me, but I know... I know you're not a bad man. I know you're a good man who cares for her. So, I'm going to cash your check and buy her that car. And I'm going to push her to finish strong in her classes. But after she graduates, if you both still want," she hesitated again, "I will let you and Anna date."

I couldn't resist. I hugged Olivia. "Thank you. Thank you thank you."

"You're welcome. Just don't hurt my little girl."

"I'd never, I promise." I meant it, one hundred percent.

"And one more major rule."

"Anything."

She looked me square in the eyes. "If you ever, ever call me Mom, I will castrate you."

*****

After that, things were better. I gave both Anna and Olivia space, but I did start seeing them out in their yard again. Olivia and Anna had weekly sessions with the family counselor, and things were going well. The counselor had asked that I attend one session, so I could talk about how I felt about Anna. I think we really grew in that session through open communication. Olivia seemed to hate me a little less.

Fall started, and Anna dove into her schoolwork. In addition to her last few high school classes, she took an online course for college credit. In October, her grades were good, so Olivia finally cashed my check and took Anna to a used car lot to find a car. Anna came home that day with a silver, four-year-old Honda. Olivia took pictures of Anna hugging the car in her driveway.

Olivia invited me to spend Thanksgiving day with them, since I was alone. I was tempted, and extremely grateful for the offer, but I politely declined. Plus, I had promised to stay away until December, and Olivia understood. But it was nice to know Olivia was ready to relax her iron grip a little.

Instead, I drove out of state with Bob, to my cousin's house. Bob wasn't a fan of the long car ride, but he did like the attention he got from all of my cousins' kids. When we returned the next day, Anna brought over a container of leftover turkey. We talked, and I fed Bob a little bit of turkey, but our conversation was mostly about my job and Anna's classes. It was obvious that we weren't talking about us, but we both wanted to.

I finally broached the subject. "I miss you," I said.

"I miss you too," Anna responded. "I should probably get back." She stood up, ready to leave.

"When's your graduation?" I asked.

"December 14. It's a Saturday."

"Would you like to get lunch with me on December 15?" I asked, hopefully.

Anna grinned. It was the first time I'd seen her smile, really really smile, in months. It was the kind of smile that reminded me why I fell in love with her in the first place. "I'd love to."

*****

THREE YEARS LATER

*****

I placed the tiny urn on the mantle above the fireplace. Its placard explained its purpose.

BOB

2013-2024

My chest hurt. I'd already cried and was out of tears. I collapsed on the sofa and looked at the urn. I missed my best friend. It hurt, but I knew he'd lived a long, full life, and he was loved.

"Hi," a small voice behind me said. I turned to see Anna. She had a sad smile on her face. She came into the room and sat beside me, snuggling into me. "It's okay. I miss him too."

*****

After Anna finished high school, she immediately started taking college classes that January. And immediately started dating me. Real dating, this time. We had both agreed to take it slow at first, though it didn't take long for us to abandon that. We'd been out to dinner on Valentine's Day, when she gave me her sexy look and called me Daddy. She hadn't called me since the previous summer, and it made me rock hard. 'Going slow' suddenly went out the window. I drove her back to my house and thoroughly fucked her brains out. She stayed overnight and gave me a blowjob in the morning.

Olivia wasn't too happy when Anna arrived home that morning - she had indeed noticed when Anna didn't come home the night before - but Anna was an adult, so she couldn't argue much. To appease her, we said we'd try to go slow again. That didn't last long either. Three weeks later, for my birthday, Anna sent me racy pictures while I was at work. I came home and found her naked on my bed. I licked her pussy until she pushed me away, then fucked her until she screamed. After we had sex again on her 19th birthday in April, we decided to give up on the attempts at 'going slow', and started having sex whenever we wanted. Which was often. Anna was insatiable, and she made me feel young and energetic too.

Eventually, Olivia got used to it, and the three of us became some kind of weird family unit, living in houses next door to each other. Olivia and I did reconcile and we got along fine, and I never once called her Mom.

Anna stayed at her home until we'd been dating almost a year, then I asked her to move in with me, just in time for Christmas. She was practically living there most of the time anyway. She and I were blissfully in love, and having great sex. She also kept to the lessons she'd learned from her counselor, and we talked about everything together. She helped me take care of Bob, and he loved her.

The following autumn semester, Anna's classes allowed her to have an internship, and I got her in to work with me. I even got clearance from Bill to let Anna come with me on out-of-town trips; he didn't mind too much since he knew we'd be sharing a hotel room. Olivia watched Bob for us while we were gone. Anna was well on her way to her business advertising degree, and I selfishly hoped her internship would turn into a full-time job when she completed the program.

On one particular trip, we went to New York City. She'd never been, so we stayed for a few extra days and saw the sights. When I took her to Times Square, she was so amazed at the lights and screens everywhere above her, that she didn't notice at first when I got down on my knee. When she finally turned and saw me, holding a tiny diamond ring, she gasped.

"Anna Tenner, will you marry me?"

Tears filled her eyes. "Yes, Grant. I love you." She hugged me, and a few passersby clapped for us.

*****

Anna was with me as we watched Bob get old, then get weak. Then we found him this morning in his bed, not moving, and we knew he'd passed in his sleep. I took him to the vet by myself and had him cremated.

As I silently mourned on the couch, staring at Bob's urn, Anna snuggled her face into my neck. "I know something that might cheer you up," she said.

That usually meant sex, but I wasn't in the mood. "Not today," I said.

"Not that," she said, giggling. "Well, maybe later, but not now." She pulled out her phone and showed me a picture. It was a little bulldog puppy. "Her name is Bobbie," she said. "She's waiting for us at the shelter, if you want her."

"Oh my God," I whispered. Bobbie looked like she could have been Bob's puppy. "Of course I want her. Look at that adorable face."

Anna laughed. "I wonder if she'll grow up to be just as lazy."

I kissed my fiancee. "Bob was pretty lazy, but he did one thing right. He helped me get the girl next door."

*****

THE END

*****