Becky and Marie
by Chris

So you see my bedroom is just like any other college girl’s, except I don’t have any clothes. Well, that’s not strictly true – I do have a couple of things I keep for sentimental reasons, a silly T-shirt my uncle got me when he visited Canada just before he died in an accident, and the last dress I ever wore. It was just a normal Tuesday in July, or so we thought at the time, I was playing in the garden with my brother and sister when we were called inside for an important family meeting.

Our parents looked serious but also kind of happy, it was odd. Dad explained that there were going to be a couple of significant changes going forwards, but first he asked us what we knew about the new alternative lifestyles laws that the new government had passed when it came to power a couple of months back? Bobby and I both said we knew a little bit but hadn’t paid much attention, thinking it wouldn’t affect us that much. Betty, little ... what’s funny? Oh, Becky, Bobby and Betty, yeah, you can blame grandpa for that one.

Anyway, where was I? Oh, yeah, Betty was a real swot back then, so she pipes up and starts explaining the whole thing to us like we were 5, and how one of her friends’ cousin’s boss was a nudist now. When he could finally get a word in edgeways (that hasn’t changed!), Dad told us that he and mum had been discussing things and had agreed that we would become a CMNF family – that is all the women in the family would be naked from now on while the men would continue to dress as normal. They’d signed all the paperwork and it took effect at 6pm tonight. Obviously I looked at the clock at that point and to this day I don’t know how on earth he managed it, but right then the microwave ticked over from 17:59 to 18:00 and his watch beeped the hour.

I don’t remember exactly what words were said at that point, I was still in shock I guess, but I’m sure all three of us must have sputtered something. I do know that Mum stood up and started calmly taking off her clothes and told us girls that we needed to do the same. Betty did so – she didn’t look exactly happy but she clearly understood the severe punishments possible for not complying with the rules of an alternative lifestyle registration. I don’t remember undressing myself, I guess I must have done as I still have the dress and it’s in one piece unlike our underwear which mum “ceremonially” cut to show that we’d been “liberated from their tyranny” or somesuch so they didn’t have to cut it off me. Bobby didn’t know where to look of course!

The rest of that week was hell, as you might imagine, explaining to everyone you meet that yes I did know I was naked and no I hadn’t forgotten to get dressed, I was no longer allowed to. Which of course meant I had to explain why, and then why only women and wasn’t that sexist? Well, yes, to be honest I think it kind of is. Mum and dad chose it because it was apparently a long-standing fantasy of theirs and they bought in to all the rationalisations about behaviour control and modesty being bad for women, etc. I don’t believe it myself but the registration lasts until I’m financially independent, so I’ve got at least a while to go yet. It’s not like we women are second class in any other ways or anything, so it’s not worth any effort getting worked up about, c’est la vie and all that.

Am I looking forward to wearing clothes again? Actually no, after I got used to it and it became normal I realised the nudity was incredibly freeing and I’ve not spent a penny on clothes in years now – how do you think I afforded all those canvasses? Art isn’t cheap! But yeah, when I do move out I’m registering as a permanude. Mum and dad are pretty happy with that, although obviously they’d prefer I continue their lifestyle – Mum especially would love to see me standing at the altar in northing more than a veil beside a handsome man in a formal suit. I’m not ruling that out, but I think it more likely that both my partner and I will be naked on the big day, or partners – I’m not ruling that out either! After all what more can a bisexual girl ask for than a partner of each flavour with not a stitch of clothing between them!

What do my brother and sister think of the lifestyle? Bobby loves it, he’s quite fashion conscious and is pretty much always smartly dressed rather than a teenage slob, he’s far less casual about clothing than dad is. He’s bought into the whole respecting naked women aspect of the lifestyle, which is rather better than it could be to be honest. His girlfriend seems to like it too, and she’s always naked as much as she can be when they’re together – her parents don’t approve of it though and insist she is dressed when she’s at home and they’d really rather prefer it if she wore clothes all the time. I know they’re talking of moving in together as soon as they can afford it and you can be sure that they’re going to register CMNF the moment they can.

Betty is more complicated, she’s the youngest of the three of us and so it’s been more of her life and she’s got the longest before she can make her own decisions about things, which will make her see things perhaps differently to me. Yes she talks a lot, but she actually says less than you might think – she keeps her cards closer to her chest and thinks about things way more deeply than we do. On the surface she accepts it, and she’s never got into any shouting matches about it (unlike me!), but deep down I’m not so sure. From what I’ve heard from some of the long philosophical discussions she’s had with dad over the years, I don’t think that she’ll be picking CMNF for herself but equally I don’t see her putting clothes on the minute she can and never taking them off again, especially as two of her best friends are also naked. Err, no, they’re not CMNF I don’t think. Priya I’m pretty sure is just permanude, or at least I’ve never seen either her or her brother in anything other than birthday suits. Helen, I’m not sure as I don’t know her very well, but I think her mother might be a pet or slave or something of that sort – all consensual of course. Anyway, I suspect Betty hasn’t made up her mind yet. I wouldn’t be at all surprised if it’ll either be something boringly conventional like fully clothed as if she was living before the new laws, or something more exotic than even CMNF. There’s no shortage of lifestyles you can register for after all!

So, now you’ve had the tour and heard some of my life story it’s time to drop a little bombshell on you – if you’re going to be staying here for any length of time, and that includes just for dinner tonight – you need to get undressed too. Yep, naked as the day you were born. No, they can’t force you to go naked, but remember we are a CMNF family and so the house rule is that female guests should be naked too if they’re here for any length of time, and staying for dinner like I hope you’re still planning to do, does count for that. Why didn’t I tell you earlier? I could tell you were uncertain about visiting but curious despite that and I didn’t want to scare you off. I know we’ve only known each other just over a week, but I would like to get to know you better. Yes, in that way too – I’ve seen the way you look at me, all of me, but I’m planning to spend my life naked and I want any girlfriends or boyfriends I have to share that with me. You’ve got nothing to be embarrassed about, breasts come in all sizes and there’s nothing wrong with having small ones. Part of the point of public nudity is to increase body positivity, your body is good and wholesome whatever shape it is, don’t let some faceless corporation tell you otherwise. Show you are proud of your femininity, yes just like that, so what if you’ve got tan lines? They’ll fade and they’re not that prominent anyway, you can’t tell now of course but I had major tan lines when I took my clothes off that night – my tits were blinding white! Now, lets get your skirt off, there we go that wasn’t so hard was it? Just one last thing hiding your full beauty from the world, and more importantly from me! Oh, don’t worry about that, we just sit on a towel and it keeps the seat dry and clean and it keeps your skin away from anything someone else has left too. You do it all the time so nobody can tell if you’re aroused – the boys don’t have that luxury of course, but personally I don’t know why people care, elections are normal and unless someone is shoving it towards you then it shouldn’t bother you. Why should anyone have to hide their sexuality? Publicly living your sexuality is why some of the new lifestyles exist after all. And there you go, you were so intent on listening to me you forgot that you were almost naked. It becomes natural so quickly, and I’m told full nudity even more so than toplessness, although I only got to experience that for like a minute.

And there we go, one princess fully nude like nature intended. Now let me introduce you to the best thing about nudity – full body hugs. I can look at you later, but now I want to feel your body wrapped around mine. You’ve got nothing to hide now, just relax your body and don’t overthink things, just listen to your body, enjoy the feelings your getting. Isn’t this better than having itchy cloth pressed into you? Mmm, yeah, like that, your skin is like silk and your lips are so tender, now just follow my lead, yeah oh that’s wonderful. Now bring your lips to mine, and oh, mmm...

... Ah, ahaem, yes hello dad, sorry didn’t hear you knocking there. Yes this beautiful lady is the Marie who I’ve been telling you about, and yes that was our first kiss.