Alana's hands skimmed over her smooth skin, following the gentle curves and contours of her body. She shivered as she touched her inner thighs, moving them apart under the covers, then sliding one hand up to her shaven pussy. As she began stroking her clit, feeling the sensation of pleasure, she thought, 'Damn, I wasn't going to do this'. Rick, her husband, had left for work and she was alone, to entice herself with vivid sexual fantasies. Not that the sex life she shared with Rick was in any way boring, quite the contrary, they had a great sex life. But Alana had always secretly wanted a female lover, a desire she repressed, restricting it to sessions of solo masturbation.
She loved the feeling of stroking her clit, especially since she started shaving the area which she found heightened the sensation. Oral sex had never been better, Rick had always been attentive and patient, but it now seemed easier for his tongue to find all the right places. Alana's mind wandered, blurring reality into fantasy, where her deepest desire could be fulfilled.
Alana moaned softly as she felt the warmth of a woman's soft tongue lave over her clit. Her dream lover knew the right pressure, the right intensity. She shook her head, giving in to that feeling, so wonderful, being driven by the attention of her skillful companion. Lifting her head slightly she saw piercing eyes staring at her, the long slender tongue probing and flicking relentlessly. She arched her back and cried out as an intense climax engulfed her. Her pussy contracted, one massive spasm, driving a stream of hot juices onto the sheets beneath her. She withdrew her hand, her clit becoming too sensitive to the stimulation.
As her eyes began to focus, her level of consciousness returning, Alana lay motionless, the quiet and stillness of the spring morning only then apparent to her. 'Would she ever act upon her fantasy if given a chance?' She dismissed the thought, yet smiled as she pulled the covers over her and drifted off to sleep.

Alana was an attractive woman, physically fit. She loved sports, playing competitive tennis, as well as being an accomplished open water scuba diver and alpine skier. Her friends considered her both competitive and tenacious yet with a thoroughly engaging personality which made her fun to be with. She and Rick had joined the nearby country club, and they both used the facilities regularly. Rick had recently hired a personal trainer, and they had spoken about it over Sunday brunch at home.
"So you REALLY think those sessions with the trainer will give you the edge on the golf course this summer?" Alana asked jokingly.
"Sure, not to mention around the pool…buns of steel." Rick replied, grinning.
"Hmmmm…just so long as they remain my buns of steel," Alana chided. "Who is the trainer?"
"New woman…Lexis, quite sharp, knows her stuff."
"Attractive?"
"Well yes, very. She's confident, somewhat aggressively flirtatious, and physically fit. Hard to beat that combination." Rick laughed.
"Uh huh."
"You should consider meeting with her, for a consultation…not that you will need any help with the way YOU will look around the pool!" Rick smiled at her.
"I'll think about it," Alana replied as she stood up from the table and moved closer to him. She lightly tugged on the tie of her robe. With a subtle shrug the robe feel to the floor. Rick's eyes luxuriated in the beauty before them. "Flattery…will get you everywhere," she whispered in his ear as she guided his lips to her breast.

"Where would I find the training office?" Alana inquired of the young woman at the front desk of the club.
"For Lexis or Larry?" The young woman replied.
"Lexis." Alana took note of the directions and headed along the hall to the gym area. She had taken Rick up on his suggestion to get a consultation. Lexis had her calendar available on the Internet and Alana had requested a morning time, and received confirmation via E-mail for a 10:30 a.m. appointment.
Alana was slightly early in arriving, and found the office empty. A note posted on the door invited her to take a seat inside while waiting. She had barely sat down when she suddenly became aware of voices, or more correctly, one voice. Though muffled, it was unmistakably a woman's, and she was in a heightened state of sexual arousal. Alana held her breath as she listened, the sound was emanating from the wall via a heating and cooling vent. Looking around furtively, she moved closer to it, listening intently. She could make out the words.
"Yes, oh yes…like that…oh yes…do it…I'm almost there…" the voice was urgent and chopped. Alana took a quick breath. There was a short silence, then a scream of extreme and exquisite pleasure. Alana's pussy tingled as she heard it. A series of low sensuous moans followed, punctuated by higher pitched whimpers. Alana's heart pounded and her pussy grew wet with arousal. The sounds began to fade.
After a few minutes Alana could hear rustling, then water running. There was talking in the background, but too faint for her to hear. Finally, a door opened and a voice saying, "I'm late…" and the door closed. The conduit fell silent. Alana settled back in her seat and breathed deeply, she realized she had been holding her breath. 'What a horny bitch' she thought laughing in deprecation.
Lexis arrived a few moments later, apologizing profusely for being late. Tall, fit, and fine featured she was indeed very confident and poised. Alana couldn't match the voice to the one she heard, but she thought, 'if Lexis had just had sex, there was certainly no evidence of it'.
"Rick mentioned you might come in for a consultation, I'm pleased to meet you," Lexis said in a businesslike but friendly manner. "I have prepared some examples of cardiovascular and strength training programs I think you will find interesting."
Alana was impressed with Lexis's preparation. 'She really does know her stuff,' Alana thought and soon found herself agreeing to work with Lexis twice a week.

At first Alana found Lexis's workouts strenuous and tiring. Lexis emphasized the importance of completing every session, urging her to pace herself. Alana had a habit of wanting to compete with herself in her training, and was dissatisfied with her effort if she didn't continuously accomplish more with each session. Lexis prevailed on her to abandon this notion. Alana successfully altered her mental outlook, and as her fitness level improved, she looked forward to the training and moved through the routines with greater energy and enthusiasm.
Lexis also recommended Alana end each workout with a rub down. At first Alana was reluctant to take the extra time, but as she grew more relaxed around Lexis, she finally agreed. The result was very pleasing. As well as being an expert masseuse, Lexis seemed to know exactly how and where to touch her, without being sexual, yet clearly piquing her arousal. By the time their sessions ended Alana's pussy ached for release.
Alana would go home after the workout and although she initially tried to resist, engaged more frequently in intense masturbation sessions, fingering herself to a massive climax. While Alana typically engaged an 'anonymous' partner in her fantasy, thoughts of Lexis had been irresistible. Over time Lexis became her exclusive fantasy lover with vivid instances of seductive and increasingly aggressive foreplay. While secure in her fantasy she began to wonder whether she would actually 'go through with it' should Lexis ever make a move…or, as her pussy tingled at the thought, should SHE ever make the first move.

Some weeks later Alana was stepping out of the shower when she caught Rick staring at her. "What is it?" she demanded.
"Look in the mirror sweetheart," Rick motioned to the full-length mirror in their bathroom. Alana turned around and peered at herself, a look of bewilderment on her face. Rick moved close behind her unhitching the towel she had wrapped around herself. "This…is what I mean," as he opened the towel wide to reveal Alana's naked torso. "You look incredible, the sessions with Lexis are paying off."
"Yes, she seems to have a gift…seems to know my limits, when to challenge, when to praise… makes the hard work fun," Alana replied.
"She does," Rick agreed, "and I get hard doing the fun work," he said softly as his hands caressed up her sides resting delicately underneath her firm breasts.
"Is that so?" Alana watched him in the mirror then slipped her hand behind her back over his bulging crotch.
"Only with you dear," Rick added quickly, grinning. "Although from what I am hearing, Lexis prefers pussy over cock any day."
"Oh really…and you know this…"
"From gossip around the club. Seems one of the member's wives announced to him she was leaving him for another woman. She claimed Lexis had helped her 'discover her sexual preference'," Rick explained.
"She has a lot of female clients," Alana stated skeptically, then paused as she remembered the sounds emanating from the ductwork in Lexis's office, the day she had first met her.
"Yes, she does. Many more than male…maybe it's true women eat pussy better than men," Rick laughed.
"Do you want me to let you know if I find out?" Alana teased.
"Only if I get to fuck you after you tell me," Rick retorted.
"Men, always, always, always thinking about sex…and as much as I'd like to, I'm running late."
Rick kissed her up and down the neck, squeezed her breasts lightly, and elicited a soft moan before whispering. "I know, and if I stay here I'm going to have to fuck you…so I'm leaving now."
Alana smiled as Rick disappeared through the bathroom doorway. Admiring the naked body in the mirror she thought, 'Yeah, the work definitely is paying off'.'

Later on the same week Rick called Alana on her cell phone. "Sweetheart, I am entertaining an important client next Saturday. He is an avid tennis player so I've booked court time at the club for 3 o'clock. I would like to invite him over to the house for dinner afterward, have you any plans?"
"No…none," Alana replied.
"And if you don't mind, I'd like to invite Lexis to join us. She has been good to us, Roger is a single guy, could be fun?"
"Are you matchmaking again?" Alana groaned sarcastically.
"Moi? Mais non mon cheri," Rick feigned hurt. They both laughed.
"Never mind…forget I even asked, I should know better," Alana replied. "I'll set it up, just let me know the time." As she put her cell phone back in her purse her thoughts turned to Lexis. 'Could be an interesting evening'.

Lexis accepted Rick's invitation and had called Alana to suggest she accompany him to the club and workout while the guys played their tennis match. Rick came in to say hello to Lexis before heading off to the tennis complex. He had the court booked for an hour but indicated they would likely play on if the court was free. "Why don't you both go back to the house after you are done? I'll call and let you know when we're finished."
Lexis indicated this would be a lighter workout than usual and true to her word planned mainly stretching, light weight training, and a brief time on the stationary bike. After a half hour Alana had fully warmed up and was breaking a slight sweat. "That's enough for today," Lexis announced. Alana looked at her in surprise but happily complied.
Lexis proceeded to give her a very sensual rub down. Her soft hands provided a delicate yet firm touch. Strong fingers kneaded between her shoulder blades. Lexis swept Alana's golden hair aside and reached along her jaw line lightly tracing along it then massaging the side and back of her neck. Following the length of the spine Lexis' palms rubbed firmly and deliberately until reaching the base of the pelvis.
Her fingers lightly clawed over Alana's ass cheeks, streaking them with her nails. She used her full hand to cup under each cheek at the top of the thigh. Her thumbs brushed ever so slightly on Alana's pussy lips causing a slight quiver. Lexis worked further down her legs massaging the firm thigh muscles. She then lightly brushed her fingers behind Alana's knees. Alana's sigh was audible or was it a light moan?
Lexis massaged down her calves to her feet then asked her to turn over. She then worked on the bottom of her feet and up between each of her toes. Letting her fingers slide up Alana's legs she let them dance over the pelvis and torso until sliding her hands underneath the breasts. Alana could feel her juices flowing and pleaded silently that Lexis would squeeze her breasts, pinch her nipples, take each of them into her warm mouth and tease them until flushed and taut. But Lexis traced around her breasts to the shoulders then massaged down each arm.
Alana felt a soft towel being spread lightly over her torso, a signal the rub down was over, and to simply relax for a few moments. Lexis had borrowed this from yoga classes, insisting time for some meditation at the end of each workout. It was precisely at this time that Alana simply wanted to spread her legs and feel a soft tongue lave along her pussy to her clit. She resisted the temptation to touch herself and was in a dilemma. 'No running home to masturbate this time…maybe I'll get a moment in the shower,' she thought.
"Alana," Lexis called to her. "We're a little late, why don't you just get dressed and clean up back at the house?"

The drive home was uneventful, although it seemed to Alana that Lexis believed speed limits were only a suggestion. Alana could not recollect getting home faster, although she certainly had had plenty incentive in the past. Once the fire was lit within her, the only release was a toy or finger session away and that meant getting home in a hurry.
"The guys will be here soon," Alana remarked as she noticed the time. "I need to prepare some appetizers, can I offer you a glass of wine while I'm working in the kitchen?"
Lexis smiled and accepted the wine, following her into the kitchen where they talked. The conversation was light at first, but as the wine disappeared it became more suggestive.
"Alana, you and Rick are one of the most attractive couples at the club. I know when I started working with Rick, I thought of how lucky a woman you must be. Then, of course, I met you and realize Rick is the lucky one." Lexis stated. Alana blushed slightly and smiled.
"What a nice thing to say Lexis."
Lexis got up from her seat in front of the counter and grasping the wine bottle moved to fill Alana's glass. Alana held up her hand.
"No…I have to get cleaned up…the guys should be on their way soon."
Lexis walked around the counter then put the wine down. She placed an arm around Alana's shoulder then deftly manoeuvered them both until Alana had her back to the kitchen counter with Lexis in front her. Alana's first impulse was to move, but her feet didn't respond. The tension of the moment was perceptible, Lexis looking into her eyes, searching…Alana simply not knowing what to do next.
Alana could feel the warm breath on her face and neck as Lexis moved closer to her. Slowly Lexis closed the distance between them until their bodies touched. Alana shivered. Lexis stopped. "Perhaps…when you are ready", she whispered to her. Lexis broke the moment off as she moved away. Alana stared at her in silence. Her heart pounded. "Shower time," Lexis reminded her.
"Yes," she said finally and left the room. The phone rang as Alana was about to step in the shower. It was Rick on his cell phone.
"Hi sweetheart, sorry for the delay. Roger has had to cancel our dinner date, in fact I'm taking him to the airport. It's a family emergency."
"I…I'm sorry to hear that," Alana stammered slightly. "When will you get home?"
"I'm not entirely sure. I told Roger I would wait at the airport to make sure he gets on a flight. Go ahead and eat without me, I'll grab leftovers when I get home." Rick instructed.
"All right…I'll see you later then." Alana put the phone down and slipped into the shower.

The warm water streaming against her body seemed soothing. Alana's mind raced, 'Rick was delayed, Lexis was coming on to her. How should she react?' Her pussy throbbed and she sighed audibly when she touched herself. 'Maybe she could get some relief…won't take much,' she thought. She positioned her clit directly in a stream of water and felt it beat on the hood as she rubbed gently above it. The sensation of great pleasure and impending release began to take over. She closed her eyes as spray danced around her engorged clit.
A cool breeze of air gave away that she was no longer alone. Lexis had stepped into the shower and very quickly moved up behind her.
"Perhaps…you are ready," she said seductively. Lexis removed her hands and took hold of her, pulling her out of the stream of water. Alana gasped as she stood quivering in Lexis' arms. Lexis gently turned her around. "This IS what you wanted isn't it?"
Alana was silent. Lexis stared at her questioningly. Finally, Alana slowly nodded and murmured, "Yes". Lexis smiled, then kissed her softly on the lips. Her hands moved under Alana's firm breasts pushing them up so she could dip her mouth to each nipple, flicking her tongue over them before she took each taut bud in her mouth and sucked on it. Alana's pussy throbbed as Lexis worked each nipple, drawing them deep into her mouth, then nibbling as the flesh retreated. She reached down to her pussy, only to have Lexis intercept her hand.
"Not yet," Lexis said quickly as she continued to suck on Alana's increasingly swollen and sensitive nipples. Alana agonized as each flick of the tongue sent bolts of pleasure to her pussy. She cried out when Lexis took one of her plump nipples in her teeth and lightly shook her head. Alana's supple breasts moved side to side while her nipple was stretched and teased. There was a twinge of pain, but it felt so good.
Lexis stopped, looked admiringly at Alana's breasts, her nipples fully erect. She raised her hands to each and took them between her thumb and forefinger. She massaged them slowly then pinched each of them, lightly shaking Alana's breasts. Alana's body quivered and shook with the action. She thought she was going to come, but Lexis slowed then stopped altogether. After lightly kissing and flicking each nipple with her tongue Lexis said, "Let's get dried off."
They left the shower, patting each other dry with towels while embracing and kissing. Lexis slipped her hand over Alana's pussy and rubbed over top of her mound. Alana gasped when she did it and her knees nearly buckled. But Lexis withdrew quickly, knowing Alana was close to the edge, and wanted to keep her there.
Lexis took Alana by the hand and led the way to the bedroom. Alana was literally drunk with passion, wanting so badly for release. Her initial surprise had begun to subside, she was living out her fantasy, and with Lexis. Both women collapsed on the bed playfully kissing and caressing. Lexis eventually took control, burying her head in Alana's pussy, her tongue tracing along her swollen slit, tasting the salt sweet nectar.
Lexis worked masterfully as her tongue laved carefully around Alana's engorged clit. Gasping and moaning, Alana clung to the bed sheets as her body quivered and shook at every stroke of Lexis' unrelenting tongue. She came quickly in a wrenching spasm of emotional energy. Lexis looked up at her, her chin glistened with the warm cum she had so skillfully induced. Alana could see her smiling at her, then closed her eyes, reveling in a sensation she wished would never pass. She twitched as aftershocks coursed through her. It was a moment of heaven for Alana as she lay there, an incredible feeling of fulfillment, release, and immense satisfaction.  

Alana wasn't sure how long she had lain there, or where Lexis had gone. She knew she had been alone for awhile, but hadn't moved. However, as she slowly recovered from one of the most incredible orgasms she could remember, she felt her pussy tingling. 'Damn I'm a horny bitch' she thought. She became aware of a rustling sound and raised her head. Lexis was standing by the bed. Her tall, lean, muscular body loomed over her. Alana's eyes widened as she noticed Lexis had slipped on a harness with a large life like phallus dangling from it. She stroked it, spreading lube over its full length. Meeting Alana's gaze, she smiled and said, "I'm going to fuck you now, I know you like cock."
"Ohhhh," was Alana's only reply, words having fled her lips as Lexis spread her thighs wide and pulled her to the edge of the bed. Lexis positioned herself carefully, then slowly ran the bulbous head of the dildo along the length of Alana's slippery slit. Alana's body quivered at the touch.
"Ahhh, you like that…" Lexis said as she worked the head of the dildo into Alana's slick cunt. As it disappeared past the swollen outer lips Lexis flexed powerfully, the thrust forward driving its full length into Alana's hot core. Alana gasped as she felt it deep inside her, then Lexis's tongue quickly invaded her mouth stifling the sound.
Leaving the phallus buried deep Lexis paused, taking time to suck on Alana's full nipples, red and swollen from the start of their foreplay. Then she slowly began grinding her hips as she sucked, the lifelike cock working slowly up and down Alana's contracting pussy. Alana lay back, staring up at Lexis as she whispered, "You do me so good, make me cum so hard…"
Lexis smiled at her and for the next hour toyed with Alana, teasing and taunting, fucking her hard for a brief moment then slowing, bringing her to the brink then backing off. She turned her over, tongued Alana's sensitive asshole, then slid a finger in, as she worked Alana's clit with her other hand. Alana writhed and shivered, her body was covered with sweat, her breasts swayed beneath her. She could feel the air on her sensitive nipples, easily twice their normal size from Lexis sucking, pulling, and pinching.
"Do you want me to fuck you in the ass?" Lexis asked. Alana barely nodded. Lexis grabbed her hair and pulled her head back gently. "Tell me you want it," she commanded.
"Oh yes, in the ass, yes," Alana blurted. Lexis slid her finger out, then carefully poured lube in the crack of Alana's ass. Soon she had fingers from both hands deep inside Alana's hole, stretching it open, getting her ready.
"Good…now I want you to work on your clit while I fuck you," Lexis instructed as she pushed the head of the dildo against the soft tissue of Alana's anus. Alana lifted her hand to her pussy and began stroking herself, knowing she couldn't take much more stimulation, yet wanting that incredible feeling of her ass being stretched and invaded as an orgasm overtakes her. Lexis pushed the cock in then began thrusting, driving the long shaft of the phallus deep into Alana's willing ass.
Lexis began increasing the intensity, the cock moving in and out, while she took the back of Alana's hair and began pulling her back toward her. Alana was immersed in the moment, her own stroking, her nearing the edge, and the pounding she was taking in her ass. Lexis pulled Alana up to her knees, her back arched, her aching tits and sensitive nipples thrust forward. With one hand Lexis took each nipple in turn, rolling, twisting, and tugging as Alana's moans became louder and more frantic.
Lexis hissed in Alana's ear, "Look forward…that's it…in the mirror…what do you see? Yes, that's you, getting fucked in the ass…and loving it." Alana raised her eyes and as she did, she succumbed to the sensation, her body giving in to an incredible spasm of pleasure. Her juices spurted from her as she cried out. Lexis thrust deeper and harder, as if holding Alana in a state of perpetual orgasm.
Alana's body tensed and shook until finally she collapsed forward, totally drained. Lexis moved in behind her, holding her as they spooned together, lightly kissing the back of her neck. Completely exhausted, yet incredibly satisfied, Alana drifted off to sleep in Lexis's arms.

Voices awakened Alana. They were faint at first but then she realized it was Rick, talking to Lexis. Her heart jumped to her throat, 'Oh no, no' she thought. A sense of panic, of guilt, went through her mind. She rolled over to face them. "Rick," she said weakly.
Rick and Lexis looked over to her. "Sleeping beauty awakes," Rick said cheerfully. Alana gave him a wan smile.
"I'm sorry," she said.
Rick looked at her. "No need for sorry. Lexis said you enjoyed being with her, as I knew you would."
"But how?" Alana was perplexed.
Lexis sat on the edge of the bed. "Alana, you are a very lucky woman. You have a husband that looks after you, knows what you want…what you need."
Alana looked at Rick. "You arranged this?" she asked. Rick smiled at her.
"I love you," he said softly.