"Desperate women throw themselves at men; the weak accept the offer..."
I went to a party down in Ogden that was a good mix of people I knew from school (or working down at A&W) and I was feeling quite nostalgic as I scanned the room because I remembered funny stories about many of the attendees, and seen plenty familiar faces. This was one of the rare parties where me and my friends were the "older crowd," as we were usually hanging out with the older guys (friends older brothers etc). This group was different because it had a good percentage of people who had graduated two, or even three years after me and my group of friends (or were younger siblings).
In fact the girl who was hosting the party (Natalie) was the younger sister of a friend of mine at both Fairview and Western. Natalie was always a wild child; I remembered back in school how she was always throwing parties, or getting into trouble with drugs, so it was no big surprise when I made my way to the kitchen to find Natalie was offering up mushrooms at this shindig!
"Hey Bossman! Wanna do some shrooms? I'm just about to make some tea!" Natalie yelled out as she invited me on a psychedelic journey.
"Sure! I haven't done mushrooms in forever, sounds like fun!" I said, then I sat down at the crowded kitchen table. I wasn't seated for more than a minute when Natalie came over to sit on my lap, then she started feeding me some Doritos with a few chunks of mushrooms on them, and when she was done she returned to the stove to steep the magic tea she was making for the group.
While sitting at the kitchen table I shot the shit with those I knew, and talked to the people I didn't recognize while I tried to figure out who the new faces were (and who they were related to) when a few of Natalie's friends who had just arrived at the party came into the kitchen; and Natalie made the new arrivals the same offer of mush tea she did me. The three girls declined the offer and they decided to socialize in the kitchen, but there wasn't any more room at the table so I decided to get up and offer my seat (as this wasn't really my "crowd" and I planned on going to find Barry as soon as I had my tea).
One of the girls (Amber) gladly accepted my seat, so I moved over by the stove and started chatting with Natalie (but I kept looking over at Amber because I recognized her, and couldn't place from where). I spent a few minutes cycling thru my friends in my head while I tried to figure out where I knew Amber from; but I was soon interrupted by Natalie.
"Ok ladies and gentlemen; the tea is ready!" Natalie exclaimed as she started pulling out mugs to distribute them (amongst the group of six or seven that wanted to do mushrooms). Once the mugs were distributed Natalie made her rounds filling each one up, then she returned to the stove to put peanut butter on a bunch of toast that she'd made and proceeded to put the mushrooms she used to steep the tea on top of the peanut butter. "No point in wasting any of the mushrooms; who wants some toast to make this trip EXTRA special?" Natalie asked.
Go Big or Go Home right? Being in the mood for an extra special adventure I put my hand up, and Natalie brought me over a slice of toast to go with my tea (It was so stinky I could smell it with my ears). I quickly powered thru the hot drink and toast, then I decided to continue my tour so I could look for Barry. I made my way downstairs; figuring I'd have a good chance of finding him in the laundry room (because it was the only place in the house that people were allowed to smoke). I was chatting with my friends and mingling as I made my way thru the crowded rooms towards the basement (and I waited for the mushrooms to kick in).
The laundry room was a fairly large, undeveloped chunk of the basement, that was at the end of a hallway after the two bedrooms. This room was used for storage, but also kinda setup as a hang out or smoking lounge; as it had a small table with some chairs around it. Like I said the laundry room was the only place in their house where smoking was permitted, so when it was crowded people would usually crack the small window that was close to the ceiling so that the room didn't get too smoky (or they wanted to clear out the abundant smell of weed). I walked into the room and as suspected I found Barry; he was sitting at a small table with three other people chatting and drinking (do you remember That 70's show? You know that table they'd all smoke weed at? It looked much like that).
I said hi to everyone (then waited for the joint that was making its way around the room to get to me) when suddenly in walks Amber and her two friends. Now I still hadn't figured out where I knew Amber from (and the mushrooms were just starting to kick in) so I again started staring at her, the whole while I was trying to ignore the other ludicrous thoughts that were forming because my high was taking hold (like why did they cancel That 70's show? I so forth proclaim that Ashton Kutcher is my mortal enemy!) Amber must've noticed me looking at her so she came over to where I was standing (by the sink and washing machine) and addressed the elephant in the room...
"You don't remember me do you?" She asked as she shot me a flirty smile. I stepped towards her, and took one final look (she was wearing these sexy jean shorts that were all torn to shit, and a rainbow tube top with a sweat band and her hair in a ponytail). I was trying; but for the life of me I couldn't figure out where I knew her from (plus I was now high as giraffe nuts!) So I replied; "No, but I want to pre-lick your stamps!" (She was tiny, and cute; just my style!) Amber laughed, then told me that many moons ago she used to live in Riverbend, and that I used to hang out with her older brother. She continued to tell me that she literally hated my guts, and couldn't stand it when me and her brother would hang out at their parent's house in Riverbend; but despite her hating my cocky, obnoxious attitude, she's had a purely physical crush on me for as long as she could remember.
"I really want to fuck you, but I don't want you to get the wrong idea, or even to talk to me after... I think you're a pompous ass; and I'm only willing to do this to see if the stories about you Ogden boys are true; is that something you can handle?'' She asked as she brushed her hand on my arm. Now keep in mind between the mushrooms and weed - I was HIGH.AS.FUCK! So I gave Amber a final once over (trying to figure out how many two-for-one Golden Corral coupons it was going to take to make this transaction possible) when suddenly I blurted out; "You have small tits; I bet you could wear that sweatband as a shirt (smooth I know!) and to my surprise she said "No I can't!" then she peeled off her shirt exposing her chest (her breasts were not silicone monsters, but they were perfectly shaped! They were definitely on the smaller side, but were in exacting proportion to her tiny frame)
Amber then tried to stretch the sweat band she was wearing down around her tits! I found this display extremely fascinating, and I was thoroughly enjoying the show (who doesn't love tits?) Until suddenly the mushrooms took over and Amber started melting down, then she morphed into this little elf (she was a tiny thing in real life; like 5' max, but the drugs just skull fucked me!) I started panicking as I tried to come to terms with my hallucinations (and what I'd just seen) when suddenly she ran upstairs and went straight into the bathroom (or I thought she did).
I took off in hot pursuit of the little elf; and as I caught up to her I watched her flush herself down the toilet - so I started LOSING MY SHIT! In a panic I grabbed Barry and tried explain to him that we needed a sledgehammer to bust up the toilet so we could rescue Amber, but he dismissed me. I was going nuts while trying to convey the urgency of the situation to anyone who would listen, but nobody would help! Everyone I told about the Amber situation just laughed at me, then they went back to their conversations; It took forever for my friends to calm me down (and convince me that it was just the mushrooms) but once I again had a grip on reality I did a couple bong hits to take the edge off; but I still had concerns that Amber was in danger, so a frustrated Barry held my hand and brought me over to the detached garage to go look inside; to see that Amber was in fact fine.
Once in the garage I explained my hallucinations to my sexy little friend, then we had a good laugh and we actually talked for a bit; having a surprisingly decent conversation. The other people that were out in the garage smoking eventually left as it was a beautiful night outside, so most attendees at the party were smoking between the house and garage. Once we were left alone in the garage Amber asked me if I wanted to smoke a joint (does a bear shit in the woods?) I was more than willing to smoke more weed because I was hoping to avoid the possibility of any further hallucinations, but fighting a mushroom high was like trying to arm wrestle the solar system; there's no question you're going to lose!
By the time we finished the joint I was feeling no shame (and was no longer having hallucinations) so I asked Amber if she was serious about going a round; and she again said; "As long as you don't talk to me after, I still think you're an ass!" It was a weird thing she was proposing, but there were certain guys in our social circle that every girl had on their "bingo card" (and they weren't shy about going after) I guess I was one of those guys to Amber.
I stood in the garage (enjoying the calm that the weed was having on me) while I was trying to process the offer that had just been made (plus I was a little shocked she wasn't joking about hooking up) when Amber broke the silence and asked; "What man will refuse no strings attached sex?" I didn't reply, still standing there thinking (I'm a man with issues that needed lifelong therapy; but a man none the less!) When suddenly Amber decided to show me just how serious her offer was, and she again took off the rainbow tube top!
There is something so disarming about seeing someone naked; there was this vulnerability in Amber's eyes that I found sexy (and I just couldn't resist) so I reached down and grabbed her ass (that fit perfectly in my goon hands!) I lifted Amber onto the workbench that was setup in the garage behind us (so that she was at a comfortable height; remember I'm 6'5) and as I lifted her up I said "You're fun sized!" Then I leaned forward so I could capture her lips in mine while she unbuttoned my shirt, pulling it off, I felt her soft tits pressing against my chest as she pulled me tightly towards her. Amber's hands were roaming all over my bare muscular back (and she was getting aggressive as she started digging her nails into my muscles) then she pushed her tongue deep Into my mouth.
Amber was getting so excited that I could feel the heat between her legs as I ran my fingers along her inner thighs, and up into her shorts! I traced the outline of Amber's panties with my fingers; causing her to break our kiss so she could push me back, then she jumped down off the work bench...
Once off her perch on the bench Amber immediately dropped to her knees, and her eyes were now perfectly inline with the noticeable bulge in my jeans! Amber gleamed up at me with her big blue eyes (and gave me a sultry look) before reaching forward, then she took hold of my belt to undo it (the whole while maintaining intense eye contact!) She popped open my jeans, then she pulled them down and I stepped out of them. Amber turned her attention to her target as she moved her hands back to my groin; running them over the tent that had been erected in front of her (causing my cock to twitch as she touched it!) Desperate to get an unobstructed view of my member she hooked her fingers into my boxers as she pulled them down to my feet; causing my semi- hard cock to spring out in front of her face (and it conveniently came to rest just inches from her mouth).
As soon as Amber dropped my boxers to the floor she wrapped one hand around my erection, and started jerking me off; I moaned softly as my cock hardened, then she bit her lip as she leaned forward to kiss the head; before taking a good length into her mouth. Amber's tongue was swirling around, massaging the head of my now fully hardened member as she sucked it deeper into her mouth each time, my moaning got louder and she noticed (making her smile round my dick; she was an extremely skilled cock-sucker, and knew it!) Amber was proud of her skills so she kept pushing herself; taking more and more of my cock into her mouth with each stroke, until I lost my self-control and I couldn't help but grasp the back of her head as I started to gently push my cock down her willing throat (causing her to make that oh so romantic "gah-gah-gah" noise!)
Amber tried to relax her throat (so she wouldn't choke) as I kept pushing her head further and further onto my erection (it was getting to such a frantic pace that I was basically skull fucking her; the same way the mushrooms had done to me earlier!) I was thoroughly enjoying myself, and I got more confident as she was relaxing her throat; so I started pushing my dick far enough back that it was so deep in her throat I was cutting off her air supply all together! Things were getting extremely heated, until finally I let go of her head so she could lift it off my member and she gasped for air (causing me to smirk!)
I looked into Amber's eyes as I picked her up, then I put her on the hood of the car that was in the garage behind us. Once I had Amber where I wanted her I undid her shorts so I could pull them off; leaving her sitting there with her legs open and her feet on the edge of the hood (in nothing but a thong and that sexy headband that was the catalyst for our little encounter). "You have an amazing body!" I moaned softly as I grabbed her knees to pull her towards me (so that my cock was now at almost the perfect height to empale her wanton pussy). I captured Amber's lips in a kiss as my erection rubbed against her thong (that was hiding her extremely wet pussy!) Feeling my excitement against her thong Amber arched her back, pushing herself against my hard member, then she pulled my head to hers and whispered in my ear; "Fuck me; HARD!"
I certainly didn't need any further instruction; I reached down and moved her thong to the side, giving me the access I wanted to place the head of my dick against her glistening pussy lips! Amber was entranced with pleasure as she wrapped her arms around my neck and our eyes locked, then I felt her adjust her hips; causing my aching member to push harder against her warmth. Amber started to wiggle her hips so she could inch my cock into her wanton body, she continued this seductive motion until suddenly the head of my cock popped in past her lips; causing her to let out a sigh of "Fuucccckkkkk" as she moaned in pleasure!
Hearing this cry of passion was a huge turn on for me, so I thrust my hips forward until my balls slapped against her body! Amber was so wet that I easily slipped into her pussy, and my dick stretched her open with little resistance; she was so tight that her pussy had a vice grip on my shaft, so I held still while her body took a second to relax and accommodate the invasion. During this pause Amber looked up into my eyes (and directly into my soul) then said; "I love being a slut!" Hearing those words leave her lips signalled to me that she was ready to be fucked (hard) so I started thrusting into her tiny body at a frantic pace (feeling the head of my cock assault her cervix with every pump!)
I picked Amber up off the car so I was standing as she rode my cock; and I had my hands holding her tiny ass so I could pull her tight pussy down as deep as possible! Amber's legs were wrapped around my hips, and she locked her ankles behind my back (while she had her arms behind my neck) as she was bucking her hips forward to match my thrusts (making sure she got the deep pounding that she wanted!) she kept looking me dead in the eyes, telling me to fuck her harder (the eye contact was so intense that I almost blew my load early) but I needed to slow things down a little; so I put her back on the workbench and pulled off her thong to start eating her out!
Amber arched her back as she locked her ankles behind my head, then she started to knit her fingers into my hair, giving me encouragement to slide my hands under her ass as I began to kiss the insides of her thighs! I slowly worked my way upwards until she could feel my warm breath tease her before my tongue started to caress its target! I started by sliding my tongue in and out of the same place that my member had stretched out just moments ago, drawing her wetness up to her clit with my tongue, gliding up and down, round and round, slow-fast-slow-fast, until she left a puddle of excitement on the workbench where she was sitting!
Amber's reaction to my oral invasion was a huge turn on; so I pulled away then french-kissed her with an increasingly wild and passionate abandon (so we could both enjoy the taste of her juices!) To help bring her up over the edge I started fingering her pussy; I got increasingly faster and harder as I was pushing her towards the inevitable eruption. "Oh gawd, don't stop!" she cried as she was panting and trembling right on the precipice of an orgasm. Amber didn't want to cum yet, but she had reached a place where she had no choice but to let go; so with a muffled groan she began to convulse and shake! After her orgasm passed Amber reached over to pull a leather dog leash off the wall (that was hanging by the door) then she wrapped it around my neck to pull my face up towards hers. "I want to ride your cock; go sit over on the hood!" she demanded. I pulled her to the edge of the bench, then slid my cock back inside her now dripping hole so I could take her over to the car (to do as I was told!)
I backed up a few steps (with my unit deeply empaled inside Amber's body) then brought us both down to rest on the car so she could ride me with unbridled enthusiasm! She pushed my shoulders back so I was laying flat on the hood of the car, then she began working her hips in a vertical motion (where she was almost coming off my dick with her long methodical strokes) when suddenly she pulled the leash free that was behind my neck, and she started playfully whipping my chest while begging me to fuck her like a slut! This assault (combined with her verbal demands) were turning me on to a new extreme at first, but as she got closer and closer to her next orgasm the whipping got harder (and more painful!)
"Fuck me like I'm a whore!" She screamed as she started picking up the pace of her whipping (it was almost a good thing Amber started whipping me like a rented mule because it kept my orgasm at bay; can you imagine how bad she'd beat me if I came early and left her hanging?) Pain is the strongest motivating force in the world (but there's only so much a guy can take) so I picked her up off my cock, and threw her onto the hood like a rag doll! "Flip over I want to fuck you from behind! I demanded (as I motivated myself by remembering that pain is temporary, but greatness is forever!) When Amber flipped over I teased her pussy by rubbing the head of my dick along her slit, hoping she'd let go of the leash (that she had a death grip on) to reach between her legs and line me up...  
Thankfully my plan worked and Amber let go of the leash (to guide my cock back into her body) in that moment I seen my opportunity to disarm her; so as she backed her pussy onto my shaft I grabbed the leash from the hood and threw it up into the rafters (to prevent her from further assaulting me!) When my member returned to her wet hole Amber reached up to grab the top of the hood (by the windshield) so she could brace herself, and she pushed her hips back to meet my thrusts. "I'm gonna cum! Goddamn!" She gasped, as her back arched and her body pulsed with waves of electric pleasure as they coursed up her back to her brain, then back down again, over and over (for what felt like an eternity as I tried to delay my own orgasm!)
I pounded Amber hard as my cock was systematically driving in and out of her wet pussy, with each thrust I was splitting her open and and my balls were slapping against her clit (as I went to the hilt!) The overwhelming feelings of pleasure that Amber was feeling caused her head to fall back; so I grabbed her ponytail and pulled it back sharply as she moaned loudly and kept screaming for me to fuck her deeper, and harder!
Here's where this romantic little encounter takes a rather funny twist; you see all the commotion of Amber's screaming and moaning in the garage caught the attention of the people who were outside smoking (or in the yard) and I hadn't noticed (at first) but there was now a group of people who'd gathered in the doorway leading into the garage who were watching the little impromptu live action fuck show that me and Amber were putting on! When I noticed that me and Amber were being watched I didn't stop to correct our viewers because I had no shame; hell this whole situation was an opportunity for me to live out one of my fantasies and it was a huge turn on to have a group of people watching me fuck! I didn't say anything (to Amber or the others) and because I lacked any objections my friends assumed that it was ok for them to keep watching!
The audience gave me an extra boost of confidence that mixed nicely with my arousal, so I picked up the pace, until I was plunging into Amber's pussy at a frantic pace! My renewed gumption caused Amber to scream out; "Tell me I'm your whore... I'm about to cum!" So I drew my arm back to deliver a nice firm smack to Amber's ass before I grabbed her hips; thinking I could bring this ball game into its home stretch, but before I could use her pussy to milk the cum from my cock Barry (who'd been watching with the others for a few minutes by this point) answered Amber's cry and yelled out; "She's a whore; fill her up Bossman! Amber was startled by the strangers voice and she immediately turned around where she was beyond surprised (and mortified) to see the group of people standing in the doorway (who were now cheering us on) so she tried to cover herself up!
The problem is I had reached the point of no return; so when my partner turned around to address the crowd I couldn't control myself and I blasted her with my baby batter! When I turned back to face the crowd (and accept many congratulatory high-fives) everybody watching seen the plethora of thrash marks on my chest from the dog leash whips; so they started teasing us both (unrelated question: does gonorrhoea cancel itself out if you get it twice? Asking for a friend).
You know you had fun when the next day you wake up with whip marks across your body, and you realize that you not only left your phone, but also forgot your clothes, underwear, sunglasses (and self-respect) at the party!