Bare Down For Basketball
by TwinkleTwinkie

Chrissy finds a way to win.

Chrissy was obsessed with basketball. She however was not very good. She was around five foot and ten inches. She was very thin. Her skin was golden brown. Her black hair was pulled in a ponytail. Here green eyes gave her the nickname Cat. She was getting ready to play a game with her friends at the gym. Her friend, Mel, is a high school coach. Mel graduated high school with Chrissy in 2014. Mel was blonde. Mel is six foot and two inches. She had a thin built much like Chrissy, but her breasts were small. Mel and Chrissy wore athletic shorts and a sports bra. Mel is known at her school as Basketball Barbie. Chrissy met Mel for salads.

Mel waved at Chrissy when she saw her. "Chrissy are you ready to shoot some hoops?" She asked. Chrissy sat nodded her head as she set down at their usual table. Mel sat.

"Mel, who are we up against?" Chrissy questioned to get info on her competition.

"I invited a couple of interns we have working with the men's team."

"Mel are they any good?"

"Chrissy, if you're worried about losing..." Mel muttered.

"We won't lose." Chrissy interrupted Mel.

"I was going to say we have the advantage of not being distracted by appearances of out rival teams." Mel noted.

Mel poured some ranch dressing on her salad. Chrissy grabbed it and began pouring it on her salad.

"Chrissy, we are all chipping in 250 dollars. If we win, we get a thousand dollars." Mel bragged assuming they will.

Chrissy pulled the ranch dressing toward her lap. White liquid fell onto her shorts.

"My Shorts!!" Chrissy exclaimed.

"I have a spare pair at the gym. Just wipe of what you can. No time to get a fresh pair. We need to warm-up." Mel ordered.

When they got to the high school, Chrissy grabbed the blue athletic shorts. She slipped off the ranched up pair. Chrissy had a superstition that she always wins when she has no panties on. Her curly black bush covered her pussy well. As she put on the blue shorts, she discovered they were a little big. Chrissy tightened them as well as she could. She left with one hand holding up her blue shorts.

On the gym was Mel talking to two seven foot black men. Both wore white shirts and green athletic shorts. They had skin like chocolate.

"Chrissy meet Tyson and George." Mel introduced to Chrissy their opponents. Chrissy held on to her shorts some more and shook their hands with their free hand.

"What's wrong with your shorts?" George responded.

"Oh.... These are not my shorts. They're a little big." She informed everyone.

"Mel, the way you move will be fast enough to catch anything with each squat for dribbling, blocking, and catching." Mel put her hand on Mel's back to reassure her. Mel was right. They all moved on the court mostly together. George lagged behind in order to defend the goal. Mel did the same for Chrissy. So far nothing bad happened. Chrissy shot the ball while squatting. Miss. George blocked it and passed it to Tyson.

Tyson shot the ball towards the hoop. Mel jumped up smacking it away. Chrissy's eyes were glued on the ball. She let go of her shorts and jumped up to catch the ball. While in midair, Chrissy's blue shorts drifted off her tight butt until it was off her feet. Chrissy had the ball and a bare ass on the court. George and Tyson stared. Mel suddenly pointed to her own shorts. Chrissy looked down. No Shorts! It horrified her. Tyson and George went toward her. Chrissy turned around and dribbled towards the men's side hoop. Her bare ass still distracting her opponents. Tyson stumbled on the blue shorts. He tossed them off court. Chrissy appears to not want them. Chrissy got points. A few more minutes went by, Chrissy used her advantage and won more points.

Mel decided to support her teammate. She took her shorts off leaving her buns in just a black thong. The men were now distracted by both girls. Overtime the men got used to it and were catching up. Chrissy and Mel met up to decide their next plan.

"Mel, I think you should lose the thong." Chrissy whispered to her.

"Chrissy, I work with them. They would look at me differently after that. I am not losing anymore clothes." Mel stressed her reason to Chrissy.

"Well...I could always lose the bra?" Chrissy regretfully suggested.

"Chrissy, we can do something else..." Mel trying to talk Chrissy out of it.

"Like what? I am not you!" Chrissy argued. Chrissy reached her sports bra getting it ready.

They decided to switch sides of the court. George and Tyson took their shirts off. Chrissy and Mel glanced at their abs. The women were more used to abs then the men with bare butts. Mel and Chrissy switched positions. Mel could move more freely as they wait to expose their secret weapon. Chrissy stood guard. Mel got close to dunking it. However, George jumped up knocking it away. Tyson caught it when George threw it in.

Tyson was headed for Chrissy. Chrissy was sweating. She never bared all to win a game before. As Tyson got ready to shoot, Chrissy pulled off her sports bra leaving her giant breasts exposed. She threw the bra off court.

"Hey Tyson!" Chrissy called out in a flirty way. Tyson looked as he tried to score. He changed his target as he saw Chrissy's breasts. Her breasts were like giant water balloons flopping back and forth on her chest. Chrissy threw the ball towards Mel from off court. She noticed before throwing that the interns had boners. Mel caught the ball, making several points. As the interns got close to shooting, Chrissy shook her flopping breasts and the intern moved uncomfortably.

Near the end, Chrissy was not even playing basketball. She just walks to one intern and bends over. Her firm ass in their sight and untie a shoe. Then she pulled it off and threw it off court. Her throwing caused her boobs to sway. Then she bent over and got the other one off. She threw it like the other one. She skipped over to the hoop she would have been defending. She laid down. She began pulling the socks off and flinging them across the court.

Chrissy was bare from head to toe. She brushed her bare vagina and bush on the interns while blocking. The bulge grew in each of their pants. The interns mostly just turned away. Chrissy looked behind and saw Tyson reach in his shorts and hold his cock.

Mel had mixed feelings. She was glad that the women were winning. She did not want to win under these circumstances. Mel was not having fun. The teasing went too far.

"I think that is the game men! Got to work a lot better to beat us," Mel said cheerfully. "I am going to do some work in the office. Why don't you clean up!" Mel exclaimed. Mel left the gym.

Chrissy grabbed her clothes and went in the women's locker room to shower off. She was very aroused from all the teasing. She grabbed a shower head and had it pouring on her pussy. She was gasping and moaning. She started rubbing her body and fondling her breasts. Her eyes were well shut. She reached below and began fingering herself. It was like a gamer pushing the buttons.

A big black hand moved her hand out of the way to fondle her. She assumed it was Mel teasing her as she joins in the shower. She reached back and hit a bush with flesh rod. She opened her eyes seeing the interns joined her. Behind her was Tyson and his long rod.

"We thought you could use a reward for your....cheeky...game strategy," George snickered.

Chrissy smiled and bent over Tyson's rod. She began wrapping her lips around Tyson's rod. Her tongue grazed the sides tasting the sweat. She then began bringing more rod in and out to get the salty taste. George poked Chrissy with his rod. Chrissy looked back at him with her longing eyes. She went back to tasting Tyson's cock. George pushed his rod into Chrissy's ass hole.

"OOOOOOooohhhh!!" She moaned.

Mel was in her office. Chrissy was so loud; Mel could hear her. Mel went into the women's locker room. She narrowed the sound to the showers. She poked her head. Chrissy and the interns were having sex.

George moved his hips to let the rod go in then out. Chrissy was finishing up with Tyson's cock as George's penetrated Chrissy. Chrissy slowly leaned back. George reached forward and squished. Tyson stroked his cock as he watched.

Mel was fixated on the interns' cocks. Mel reached in her thong and began fingering her ass. Watching them with Chrissy turned her on. Chrissy took off her thong to make it easier.

George continued to push his hips in to Chrissy. Chrissy's moans got louder.

Tyson was watching Chrissy. In the corner of his eye, he thought he saw someone else. He got up. He could see Mel fingering her ass hole. He went over and poked her shoulder. With the built up sexual energy, Mel just took her top off exposing her small breasts. Leading her bare white ass into the showers.

George held pushed on Chrissy's back to lean forward. Tyson supported her weight. George pushed his hands on her butt cheeks as he pulled out. When George felt the air on his cock tip it leave, Mel hugged George as she put his throbbing cock into her vagina.

Mel whispered in George's ear, "Call me Barbie."

George was picturing grandmothers naked to turn him off so his hard on last longer. Mel was pushed against the wall of the shower. As water dripped on her, George pounded her pussy against the wall. George was still trying to maintain that boner. Mel was caressing the buns on George.

"Barbie...I can't hold it much longer," George stuttered. George pulled back rapidly arousing both of them more. POP! The cock was out. George and Mel sprayed each other with their cloudy liquid. George and Mel drifted to the floors of the shower. Mel grabbed George's head. She pressed her lips against his. Their hands moving around each other passionately. Their tongues feeling the inside of each other's cheeks. If the tongues were animals, they would be two snakes having sex.

Tyson went over to Chrissy. Tyson told Chrissy to stand up. Tyson lay on the ground. Chrissy lowered her vagina onto his long rod. Tyson's cock thrusting roughly into Chrissy's vagina. He was like a horse for Chrissy to ride. Chrissy bounced up and down on his rod. Her hair wet and stuck to her skin. Her breasts mimicking basketballs and "dribbling" in a way. As Chrissy rode, she stretched her fingers to feel Tyson's well-toned abs. Tyson began squinting his face.

"CUM!!! BABY CUM!!!" Cried Chrissy. Tyson joined Chrissy as he finished. Tyson yelled with her moan. Cum dripped from her pussy after Tyson removed his rod.

"So..... when is the rematch?!" Chrissy stated.

The next week Mel was very busy. The interns were done interning. Chrissy texted her friend Michelle (From my story: Catfished to Work). Michelle described to Chrissy her experience at the axe throwing place. I recalled each event as I gave her a juicy narration of what happened. Michelle bit her bottom lip as she pictured in her mind the men.

"Michelle, I was going to play some basketball at secluded park. Actually it is a park that does not allow children," Chrissy offered. Michelle could not text any faster. Her thumbs quick to agree to meeting the men of Chrissy's story.

Before the girls arrived, George and Tyson were joking around.

"Man, I wonder how long Chrissy will keep her clothes on this time?" George chuckled.

"Maybe she will just come in a robe or towel," Agreed Tyson.

"Too bad Mel could not join," George whined.

"I missed out last time. Chrissy was however, very wild," Tyson beamed.

"Tyson, Mel was amazing," George marveled.

"George, we could always be more... playful," Tyson joked.

The women parked in a parking lot a few blocks from the park. The basketball court was surrounded by a thick hedge. The hedge almost completely surrounded it except for the door. The door can only be locked by maintenance at night to prevent homeless from sleeping there. George and Tyson were in the same clothes as the week before. Chrissy wore a bikini top and her black athletic shorts. Michelle had her red hair tied in a ponytail except for a few bangs to go down the side of her pale face. Michelle wore a white shirt and athletic shorts that barely covered her panties. All of them wore sporty shoes and brought water bottles. On the side of the basketball court were empty benches.

"Hey guys. This is Michelle (pointing at the red haired woman). I hope you are having a great weekend," Chrissy inquired while being coy about her feelings.

"Michelle have you played basketball a lot?" George asked.

"Um. I more watch basketball then play the sport," Michelle acknowledge her skill level on the court.

"Chrissy, our weekend has been more chill. I see you found some shorts that fit," Tyson chimed.

"Yeah. I gave Michelle a few pointers on the way," Chrissy added. Chrissy winked at Michelle. Michelle was told to play the game in a clumsy and sexy manner.

"Michelle, I hope they help. I know Chrissy really has a unique way to playing the sport," George remarked.

"I do not know about everyone, but I think we should start playing before Michelle gets sunburned," Chrissy insisted. She looked at Tyson then looked him down and smiled.

Michelle and Chrissy began by stretching. The fellas were drinking some water on a bench. George and Tyson watched the women. Chrissy's shorts were tight enough they could tell she did not wear panties again. Michelle bent over to her toes. As she got back up she looked behind her and waved at the men. Michelle bent this way in the direction of the men. They could see her breasts through the neck hole of her shirt.

A basketball was placed in the center of the court. The men stood on one side and the women on the other. The door opened, but seeing someone was already on the court the people left and closed the door. The two teams counted down from three. On one, George and Michelle went back towards the hoops their protecting. Chrissy and Tyson lunged towards the basketball. Chrissy grabbed it while Tyson's face collided with Chrissy's shorts. Tyson had to think fast. He grabbed Chrissy's rear and caressed it. Chrissy looked down. Seeing Tyson touch her butt in this way gave her the urge to drop her shorts to have him here. However, it was too soon. Chrissy threw to Michelle. Michelle had it bounce then caught it. Tyson was turned around heading Michelle's way.

Michelle watched as Chrissy was near the middle to pass it back to her. Tyson was well heading back to block her. By looking at Michelle, Tyson was venerable to the women's game plan. Michelle faked passing it to Chrissy while Chrissy grabbed Tyson's green shorts and pulled it down. Tyson's long black cock dangled between his legs. Tyson looked down. Michelle was dribbling towards George. Chrissy was already in position to help Michelle. Tyson decided to play dirty. He tossed his shorts to a bench. Tyson bolted towards Chrissy. Michelle was nearing George. Tyson was gaining on Michelle's trail.

Michelle was ready to pass to Chrissy. Chrissy was looking at Michelle until Tyson came near with the cock she remembered oh too well. Michelle missed Chrissy and Tyson stole it. The women were following, but too slow Tyson already scored. Chrissy and Tyson met in the middle for the next count down. Chrissy grabbed the ball again. Tyson's hand hit the ball falling behind Chrissy. Tyson's cock happened to swing having its tip barely touch Chrissy's pelvic area. Chrissy felt a slight trickle of arousal between her legs. She may need to speed up their plan.

Chrissy turned around. Tyson rounded up the ball. He was now steering it towards Michelle. Michelle was looking at Tyson and Chrissy in the distance. Michelle was getting ready to stop he ball. Chrissy decided it was time. Chrissy gave the signal. For those of you wondering yes, clothes will be coming off. Michelle waited till Tyson was about there. Michelle next took her shirt off, exposing her big breasts. Tyson stopped at the sight of the pale jugs. Chrissy got behind Tyson and wrapped her fingers around his rod. Michelle walked real close. Then she began rubbing her breasts on Tyson's chest. Chrissy let go and took the ball. She got to George, who was looking at Michelle and Tyson. Chrissy scored.

Michelle and Tyson this time went in the middle. Each paying attention to both each other's bare body parts and the ball. At the count of one, Tyson picked up the ball. Meanwhile Michelle decided not to wait and pulled off her shorts. As she threw the shorts aside. Her birthday suit was exposed to everyone. Including the group of college students who slipped in to watch the show. Both men and women pulled out their phones to record this spectacle.

Michelle began to feel Tyson's cock tickling belly. She backed away to his stiff rod. George had to take off his pants to let his dick fly out. Chrissy saw her friend with "her" Tyson. Chrissy did not hesitate. In no time her shorts were off her and the court. Chrissy ran to Tyson. Like a knife, she cut to separate Michelle from Tyson. Michelle was briefly discouraged until she remembered another tall man was here. Tyson grinned as he saw the woman made love to the game before clearly wanting seconds. Michelle slowly walked away from behind Chrissy. Michelle reached out and grabbed the string of Chrissy's top. As slow as Michelle walked away, the knot came undone. As it fell to the court, Tyson pulled Chrissy deep in his arms to kiss.

Michelle skipped over to George. Her pale breasts reflecting the sun as they bounced with each skip. Michelle quickly jumped on to George kissing his entire head. As she got back on her feet. George got hold of the tip of his penis. He pushed it into Michelle's pussy. Michelle and George seemed to move in unison as their hips seemed to be joining together. Michelle swung her hair from side to side as she caressed her own breasts moaning while her vagina was being tended to by George. George nuzzled his head between Michelle's globes of flesh she was fondling.

Tyson, George, Chrissy and Michelle could hear the voices of others as they stood women bare and men cocks out. The flashes of phones and cameras were practically invisible. Chrissy wanted to show off to Tyson. She did a handstand to as Tyson caught her legs, he had them supported by his broad shoulders. He began licking Chrissy's vagina as he held her by her waist. Chrissy was busy too. She quickly gobbled onto Tyson's sausage. Her lips had saliva drip to the court as she took in his cock. Before long, Tyson lowered Chrissy to a wheel barrow stance. Tyson held one leg of Chrissy near his waist he inserted his cock into Chrissy's pussy. As soon as it was in, Tyson got hold of her other leg. Chrissy had her hands on the warm court.

The men thrusted into the vagina's of their opponent's vaginas. The benches on the side of the court were full of on looking adults. Every now and then a person would creep closer to take a selfie by one of the couples. Tyson and Chrissy did not care. In fact, I have been told after this the two decided to get married. Michelle loved the attention. Michelle was like a real movie star in her head. She was Angelina Jolie and George her Brad Pitt. After this George became a coach to an all-male high school. He did not want to have affairs with the students, so since he liked women this seemed smart. Michelle continued doing wild adventures. Mel plays bare ball with George every now and then.
