Birthday Humiliation
Mary G
Sat Apr 25, 2009 10:07
141.152.52.216

I woke with a nagging worry about what was going to happen today but also with a thrill knowing Ron had planned a full day not to mention the party he had told me he had arranged. The kids were with there father for the weekend so I didn't have to worry about them.

I took my shower and washed my hair wondering the whole time just what had planned for today. Once finished in the bathroom I moved back into my bedroom just as the phone started to ring. It was Ron telling me to wear simply a dress, nothing else saying he would pick me up in twenty minutes. Well that made getting dressed simple and I knew just which dress to wear. It was a deep Teal button up dress that came to just above my knee's. The top part of the dress was tight as was the waist but the bottom part was made to flow with the wind.

Once Ron picked me up our first stop was at a friend of his shop, this surprised me as he owned a graphic sign business that did quality air brush work. I was going to ask what we were doing here when Ron told me that Jeff was going to do some painting on me that he wanted for later. I almost complained but thought better of it, at least it wasn't going to be something permanent like a tattoo. We headed straight to Jeff's office and once inside Ron introduced me to Jeff. Jeff handed Ron a sheet of paper asking if this was what he had in mind, Ron looked it over and said that it was right on the money. Jeff then told Ron he had made up a set of templates to use being as the area's he was going to be working with and the printing was small. He went on to say that once the templates were in place he would just spray the paint and remove the templates and we would be good to go, with that Ron turned to me and told me to take off my dress.

I removed my dress feeling the excitement and humiliation building in me. I mean Jeff's office was mostly glassed walled and was in the center of his shop so any of his people could see what was going on not to mention any customer who came in. First Jeff placed two of the templates on my breast just above the nipples, then he took another and placed it just above my pussy his fingers just lightly brushed my now swelling pussy lips. Damn I thought to my self, I forgot to shave it this morning. All of this took just a short time then he opened the door and walked out into the shop to get his tools leaving me still standing for everyone to see and believe me several did see me. When he came back it took just a couple of minutes to apply the paint and the sealant. Then he removed the templates and used a blow dryer to help the paint dry before I was allowed to get dressed again. After I was dressed Ron showed me what was now painted on my body. On my breast just above my nipples were the words pinch and twist. Above my pussy was painted SLUT,and on each side was printed CUM DUMP. I was shocked, mortified but thrilled as I knew others would see that before the night was over and I was getting wet just thinking about it.

Our second stop was at the beauty salon where he had my hair done along with a pedicure and a manicure, then he told me he noticed I hadn't shaved yet so he ask the woman who had taken care of me if they offered waxing? Yes she answered, let me check if we can fit you in now. With that she walked to the front where she spoke with two women as she pointed back to me. When she came back she said your in luck we can do it now as they had just gotten a cancellation. It hit me just then what the woman who did the waxing would see shortly and a low moan escaped me.

I was led to a small well lit room and Ron had followed along, the first thing I noticed was how warm it was, well I guess it was because of the heating wax . The woman told me I would need to remove my dress and lay down on the table and spread my legs, before she went back out. When she came back I was laid out on the table legs open as she had ordered. When she noticed the writing she looked first at me then at Ron then she chuckled saying so your like that are you, again humiliation and shame rippled through me. With no warning she pinched one nipple as she twisted the other I moaned not sure if it was from pain or pleasure. Then she got busy applying the wax and laying pull strips to remove my stubble. Most of the time it's quick and not to painful but she took her own sweet time, I could feel every hair as it was pulled from the roots out of my body. It took her several times and each was just as painful as the one before. Then once finished she applied some jell to easy the burn. She turned to Ron and ask if she could take a picture of me to show her friends, yes he answered.


Birthday Humiliation part 2
Sat Apr 25, 2009 14:37
141.152.28.252

As we were leaving the beauty salon I noticed the girl who had done my waxing showing several of the other ladies the pictures she had taken. My pussy tingled and my level of humiliation went up another notch.

Our next stop was a boutique that had specialty women's undergarments and there Ron talked to the woman who both owned and managed the place. He told her what he wanted and both acted as if I wasn't even there. When she was sure she knew just what he wanted she told him that she needed to make some measurements to assure the proper fit and asked if we would follow her to the fitting room. Once inside she told me to undress and step up on the platform in the center of the room. She carefully measured and remeasured my bust then just as carefully measured my inseam although her fingers seemed to have a way of slipping into my by now wet engorged lips just barely rubbing the tender excited clit that was now poking it's pretty little self out. By the time she finished my thighs had become slick with my fluids and I was ready to do anything just to be allowed to cum! She left to put some things together and when she returned she took a wet wash cloth and cleaned me up before handing me a pair of crotchless panties to put on to check for the proper fit. Once they were on she had me step down and walk to a mirror to see what they looked like. In the mirror I saw my pussy perfectly framed as my sex shown in it's full wet glory. Next she handed me a bra that lifted and separated my breast but in the middle were holes that allowed my now rock hard and fully extended nipples to poke through, not only that but the painted on pinch and twist were visible also.
I stood there looking at myself dressed as some cheap slut but knew from experience these garments were anything but cheap. I tried on a couple of more sets each as revealing as the first when Ron told her he would take them all. then he told me to thank the lady for all her help and when I started to speak he slapped me saying that was the thanks he had in mind. I knew what he wanted then and as I bent my knee's and knelled before her I ask if I could worship her sex in thanks. She lifted her skirt and I removed her thong and began to lick a suck her sex. Ron reminded her not to muss my hair. In no time she climaxed covering my face with her womanly juices then I was allowed to dress but not clean my face.

The next stop was a high end shoe store where the man who waited on me got quite a eye full as he measured my foot while the whole time he was looking at my now wet pussy. It took only a moment to find just the right heels and after Ron paid for them we went to lunch.

After lunch we made our final stop, it was at a upscale dress shop that made special gowns and dresses. I didn't know but Ron had ordered a special gown for me and all that needed to be done was a final fitting and any last minute alterations that it needed. Once inside after he spoke to the lady up front we were taken to the rear dressing room and again I had to strip. Ron had me leave on the bra and panties he had brought earlier and he even had brought in with him the heels he had purchased for me. While we waited he had me put the heels on.

The dress was a pale green and the material was so sheer I may as well been naked when I put it on. You clearly could see right through it. My hard nipples poking at the thin gauze like fabric you could see the goose bumps on each of them, my ass was split by a all but invisible thong and from the front my sex was plainly in view for all. Ron had only one request and that was to have the hem shortened by a few inch's leaving it just under my pussy. He was told it would take just a short time before it was finished. I dressed and we went a couple of blocks before pulling into a nice bar. Inside we enjoyed a couple of drinks and he ask if I was curious as to who would be at the party? Yes I told him but didn't think he would tell me. He laughed and said I was right he wouldn't but he did tell me that I would reach a level of shame and humiliation I had never reached before. He did tell me that some of the people he had invited would be a shock to me but it was all going to be alright. We finished our drinks and returned to the dress shop.

The dress was finished when we returned and again I tried it on, this time Ron said it was perfect.

Ron took me home after that and told me that he would pick me up tonight at 8 and for me to be ready when he arrived. He laid the dress on my bed along with the bra and panties he wanted then he kissed me and left . As he went out the door he told me relax and enjoy myself as tonight my life would be making a major change.


Birthday Humiliation part 3
Sun Apr 26, 2009 07:03
141.152.28.252

After Ron left I thought about his parting statement about how my life was going to have a major change as if it hadn't already and it scared me. How much more could it change I wondered. Let's see, so far no one that really knew me had seen me so far at least as far as I knew. That was what worried me most, someone close finding out. Next I thought about someone from management at the cleaners finding out, that could cost me my job. Then I thought about family finding out, he wouldn't expose me to my kids I knew but what about my brother, he had met him. Maybe my ex husband he knew him also, soon I had worked myself into a tizzy but deep down inside me I knew that what I wanted most was the humiliation that the risk brought with this game I was playing. I had come to live for it.

Time past as I waited for the bath tub to fill I wanted a long hot bath to ease my nerves. I soaked till the water cooled and then left the tub. Drying off with a soft towel I looked at myself in the mirror and saw my naked body with the painted on words and shivered, looking back at me was a Slut. I realizes at that moment I liked what I saw and if anyone else didn't that was there problem not mine. Again I thought of the people who could possibly be there later tonight. My ex couldn't hurt me, and my brother, well he chased every woman he met, people from work, hey I don't care, so I relaxed.

By seven I started doing my make up, I applied a heavy coat of deep whore red lip stick and repainted my nails to match, even my toenails. Next I picked up the bra and thong Ron had selected, for the first time I noticed it was as red as my nails and lips. That caused me to smile. Soon I was putting on the dress and when finished the heels were next. Then I checked myself in the mirror again and liked what I saw. I checked the time , it was five till eight, Ron will be here soon I thought as I walked to the living room, then I heard a car pull up. I looked out the window and saw a stretch limo and Ron walking to my door. When I opened the door a huge smile from his face greeted me. He told me I was beautiful and perfect in every way. I knew right then that no matter what tonight would be just fine.

On the way Ron told me that he would be beside me all night and that everything would work out in the long run. Tonight is your coming out party and if everything goes as planned something else very special too.

The party was being held at a private club one of Ron's friends owned and when we walked in the joint was packed, all at once the noise level dropped, I swear you could almost have heard a pin drop. Everyone was looking at me. 

Ron led me around introducing me to his friends, he had banker's lawyer's even two judges there. Not even mentioning Jeff who just this morning had painted me, nor his drinking buddies from the bar nor some of the dancers I knew who either worked where I did or at other clubs Ron had taken me to. Then one of my fears came true, my ex walked up! He called me a slut and a whore saying look at how your dressed, your ... on display . Ron spoke up saying he had a choice to make he could either apologize or take the other choice and get his ass beat right here. He went on to say it wasn't my fault he wasn't man enough to give me what I needed. Well my ex was never the smartest person in the world so he got a bad ass whipping. He threaten to have my kids taken from me and about that time one of Ron's lawyer friends told him try it and you will lose at the same time one of the judges who were there spoke up saying he didn't have a chance as some of Ron's other friends pushed and shoved him out of the club.

My next shock came a little later as Ron and I stood at the bar, me sipping wine and Ron with a beer in his hand. My brother walked up, he shook Ron's hand saying my ex had that coming for a long time then he turned to me saying he was sorry he hadn't done it for me a long time ago. Then he kissed me on the cheek and said in the future he would step in much quicker if anyone hurt me again. Then he said he really liked how I looked but that it was a shame that so much was covered, giving both Ron and I a shy smile. Ron ask if he really wanted to see more and if he wanted everyone else to see it to. My brother told him it wasn't about what he wanted but what Mary wants that was important. I don't think I ever loved my brother more than just then. With that said Ron turned me around and unzipped my dress, letting it fall to the floor. Then he ask me to dance with him. I followed him on to the dance floor. As we danced I could feel his erection pressing into my belly as my nipples hardened my juices began flowing down my thighs tears formed in my eyes. Both tears of shame but mostly of joy.

For the next few hours I danced with most of the men there and yes they followed the instructions on my breast, my nipples were under assault being pinched and twisted by most of the men and some of the women also. My brother included. It was he who while we danced told me I should go ahead and remove the bra and thong also to make the night complete, I stopped dancing and looked him in the eye saying that was his job, not mine. He did it and put them in his pocket before we finished the dance and he led me back to Ron.

I spent the rest of the night naked and exposed and loved it. More dancing followed at one point Ron even put me up on the bar and had me dance like I was at the club giving everyone a good look at my wet pussy and at my puckered butt hole.

Ron ask me to marry him that night and it was the hardest thing I ever did telling him no. I told him I loved him and always would but I didn't want to be married again. Instead I offered to be his sex slave if he would have me. WE have been happy ever since.
