Wanda Limbo Bimbo
by Pugzilla

Party Game Goes Wrong.

This takes place after Wanda Visits Resort.

The hotel manager was very apologetic about what had happened to Wanda at the hands of his pool boys. He offered to let Wanda and her two cousins attend the hotel clientele appreciation party the next night on the beach. The party was mostly reserved for convention planners and big corporate CEOs who had large-scale events in the hotel ballrooms. New rules about what could and couldn't be written off as a tax break had changed the business some. Gone were the days of five hundred dollar a plate banquet dinners. The typical corporate plate was now almost always under a hundred bucks.

The seafood boil and pig roast was one of the few exceptions of the year. Because the meeting planners and CEOs represented so much business the hotel was able to splurge on the food and entertainment. In addition to the food and entertainment, the other big draw for the CEOs and meeting coordinators was the freshly class of just graduated local college hospitality program students that were invited under the pretense that when they become wedding planners and corporate event planners they would push the hotel. In reality, they were overserved and frequently ended up passed out and half-dressed, and used behind a dune.

Wanda and her cousins knew none of that when they accepted the invitation for boiled shellfish and whole roast pork. The only thing that gave them even a little bit of pause was the black light nighttime volleyball setup the manager mentioned. Wanda had a bad history with playing volleyball just a way up the beach. Even the manager's assurance that the hotel had traded nights with several other hotels and attractions around the country to put together some great prizes for the night didn't convince Wanda to participate in the volleyball tournament. Oh well, there were other contests and prizes.

As the hotel manager had promised the party was phenomenal. They had set up a miniature circus tent on the beach and set up a huge stage and dance floor. They had both a DJ and a reggae band with real Rasta musicians from Kingston doing covers of classic reggae hits. The DJ also served as master of ceremony announcing the festivities as the night wore on. Of course, the food was amazing. Wanda felt bad knowing her husband Julie was probably eating tuna out of the can and peeing in a bottle while he and his partner Duane were staked out in a mini van outside a wire transfer place waiting to pick up a bail skip while she and her cousins Tanya and Diana ate shrimp and crab claws by the plate full and fresh pineapple and melon. They even snuck a few bites of the whole roasted pig despite the high-calorie count.

The music was pretty good. The reggae band did some deeper cuts from The Wailers and even a few Peter Tosh songs mixed into the regular rotation of Bob Marley hits. It was obvious the band was annoyed when the theme to cops got the biggest reaction of the night from the mostly white audience. The DJ was very corny as he played mostly Motown and dance songs from the seventies and eighties during the bands' dinner and ganja behind the van breaks. The three cousins were one of the bright spots of the evening for sure. They hadn't been expecting to attend a semi-fancy beach party and were slightly underdressed. Tanya and Diana were a little more appropriate in their bright floral sundresses that on an average proportioned girl probably would have passed for normal beach fancy wear if not for the huge breasts that ran in the family and made almost any outfit inappropriately sexy. Wanda was even less prepared for a fancy beach party and wore her white bandeau top bikini with a long floral print wrap-around sarong skirt and a mesh shrug.

Wanda was clearly the best-dressed woman at the party and as a result, she got a lot of dance proposals and almost as many guys pretending to buy her drinks even though the party was an open bar. Wanda knew better than to accept drinks from strange guys when essentially dressed in a bikini, especially when the audio-visual crew hired to take video footage of the event had spent a ridiculous amount of time shooting Wanda and her cousins. She didn't need anything that might increase the chances of another of her mishaps.

Wanda and her cousins spent the two hours dancing with CEOs and meeting coordinators the video crew got plenty of great footage. Wanda's skimpy bikini top could easily raise tourism revenues by double digits if featured in the right ad campaign. Tanya and Diana did their part too in those fun little sundresses but it was hard to compete with Wanda dressed in essentially a bikini top. Wanda wasn't aware of how much of an impression on the reggae band members.

The volleyball tournament wrapped up and the other games started. There was a push-up competition that one of the bartenders won and a guess the jellybeans competition one of the hospitality graduates won. They played a big game of Simon says that the hotel sales coordinator cheated so her biggest client would win. They played an old Latin American lottery game where numbers were pulled out of a sack. A beer chug that a small female college student surprisingly took second place in.

The girls had little interest in participating in any of the contests. Tanya was living with a man who had plenty of money for traveling and Wanda and Diana were both not only too busy to take advantage of free hotel stays but also involved with guys who were too busy to travel. Between multiple jobs and law school and wedding plans and kids, Wanda and Diana wouldn't make time to take advantage of any of the trips even if they won. Until the big prize came up. A weekend trip to the House of The Mouse Theme park and two night stay in one of the resort properties.

Wanda and Julie's daughter was almost old enough for the park. As long as the trip was good for a year then Wanda wanted that prize. The trip would be given to the winner of the limbo contest.

"That's perfect for you. Julie's been bending you backwards for years." Tanya quipped.

The contest started as two of the reggae singers held the pole horizontally at shoulder height. The band broke into a tropical version of the Chubby Checker Limbo song and the contestants lined up. Wanda got a round of applause when she went making it clear she was the obvious crowd favorite. How Wanda thought she was going to win with her big bikini-clad breasts was anyone's guess. The crowd was going to enjoy the show while it lasted though.

The reggae singers holding the pole waited until the camera crew was good and set up to get the best possible view of Wanda as she was about to go under the bar. Once the Rasta singers were sure the results of their plan were going to be captured on video the singers twisted the limbo bar so that a small fish hook would catch the center of Wanda's bikini top.

Every guy at the party froze and had the same thought. They watched Wanda's bikini top lift off her chest and wondered if they were making that happen with their mind. Like Jedi magic powers were possible if you just concentrated hard enough. If true there was certainly more than enough thought energy at the party to send Wanda's top flying.

"Holy Shit! It's happening!" the DJ couldn't help but yell out as the huge curves of Wanda's underboob became visible.

Wanda's hands shot out and gripped the bar stopping it from pulling her top off. There was a collective groan as the crowd was denied the site of Wanda's huge black tits. It was the sound of hundreds of balls turning blue. You could literally feel the temperature change as a party full of men had their libidos doused.

Wanda couldn't help but feel proud of herself for stopping the incident before it had happened. The one advantage to having so many of these incidents was she had almost come to expect something like this. She actually gave the reggae guys a mocking smirk at their failure to expose her goods.

Unfortunately, for Wanda, she had been too busy dancing earlier to pay attention to the band's earlier set. They were a fairly theatric band and made use of a prop or two during their routine. Wanda had failed to notice that when the band had done the "Theme to Cops" and the reggae version of "I Shot The Sheriff" they had put on badges and hats and police utility belts with popgun holsters, silly string substituting or mace or pepper spray, little foam nightsticks, and most unfortunately for Wanda toy handcuffs.

While she was giving the lead singer a smug look indicating they had failed in their plot to expose her chest to the party, the backup singer on her left slapped one set of handcuffs on her and the limbo bar. Wanda turned in surprise to the backup singer. The men in the audience cheered so loud in their excitement that Wanda was unable to hear her cousin's warnings that the lead singer also had a pair of cuffs for Wanda. With a click, Wanda was attached to the limbo pole. She was able to unhook her bikini top from the fish hook but she couldn't slide the handcuffs off the ends of the pole with the Rastas holding the ends.

Wanda looked out into the crowd and saw that her cousins weren't going to be much help as the mostly male audience crowded for a better view of a very promising show. The reggae singers being the consume showman that they were used the pole to guide Wanda to the raised stage. They stepped up on the platform and Wanda was left with the choice to either step up as well or stand vulnerably with her arms above her head in an encircling crowd of wealthy entitled white business CEOs. Wanda made the best short-term decision she could although she knew she was just choosing to be more exposed instead of easily gropeable. She definitely took note of the audio-visual team standing on chairs to get Wanda from the best angle.

The DJ was one of the rare white guys that was more fascinated by big asses than big tits. Wanda had a very nice ass but it was always overshadowed by her amazing tits, this was especially true with white guys but honestly, Wanda's Mexican husband was also infatuated with her tits.

"Is she wearing a thong?" the DJ asked assuming Wanda was wearing the matching bottoms to her bikini top under her sexy wrap-around skirt.

"Me no Know but me can find out." the lead reggae singer said as he extended his right hand towards the knot in Wanda's shirt.

The Rasta singer gave her skirt a sharp tug and the knot untied. The cute floral wrap-around skirt slowly flitted to the ground leaving Wanda in her sexy white bikini brief bottoms.

"Oh damn, not a thong." the DJ commented into his microphone disappointed that while skimpy and very low cut, Wanda still had a decent amount of coverage on her thick heart-shaped ass.

The men in the party went wild even though there was a group nervousness that this was all part of some act the reggae band had arranged for the party. Wanda looked too perfect in her skimpy white bikini top and bottom.

"No a thong but this wi help." the backup singer said pulling Wanda's bikini bottoms up tight so the white spandex disappeared into the peach-shaped crack of her curvy ass.

Wanda let out a soft moan as the stretchy material rubbed along her slick clitoris. While not translucent her bottoms exposed the effects of her excitement at finding herself yet again in this position. Even the customary video camera was present for this now all too common occurrence. The motion of the bikini on her womanhood made her think of later when she would tell her husband how the party full of men watched her helpless to stop what was coming while Julie used his warm lips to suck orgasmic spasms after orgasmic spasms from her little pussy.

"Girl as wet as a hurricane." The lead singer said to his backup singer.

"Ay, I watch da girl all night parading and exposing for all of Babylon, she know she the white boy titty gad." the backup singer said in an accent so thick Wanda couldn't understand she was basically being called a white man's whore.

"If showing for da white boys makes her wet in da good good then I got plans for miss fluffy titty." The lead singer said using both hands to guide the limbo bar up and behind Wanda's head where despite her effort, Wanda put up to resist leaving her bikini-clad chest in complete vulnerability.

The DJ sensed things were heating up and qued up the stripper theme. The two reggae singers took turns making half-ass attempts to grab at Wanda's top as she kicked at them to keep their distance. The two singers smirked at Wanda as they toyed with her. The guys in the audience were practically buzzing with anticipation as the reggae guys got more and more serious in their attempts to get a hold of her top. Wanda looked out over the crowd of horny guys crackling with excitement and saw no sign that her cousins were going to be able to break through the crowd to help her. At this point, Wanda would almost prefer they did something to stop the camera crew from documenting her exposure.

The Rastas had stopped toying with Wanda as the stripper was coming to an end. They were determined to show Wanda's tits to the crowd. It seemed strange to Wanda that they wanted it so bad. Wanda had always associated West Indians with being fairly militant in their attitudes about race and pro-blackness. But here were two Jamaican guys determined to show a crowd of white men her huge black tits. It didn't make much sense. Honestly, though none of the weird misogyny of Wanda's history of public exposure made much sense to her. It's not like there wasn't a wide-open world of porn out there to explore. You could just go on Lycos or AltaVista and type in big black tits and get a hundred results but for some reason, Wanda kept finding herself surrounded by men obsessed with getting a look at her chest.

Wanda didn't understand why all these guys loved it when she was forced to expose her breasts. Why was it so sexy that she was objectified without her consent? She didn't know the answer. She just knew it was true. She knew it was all some macho bullshit power thing. The part that confused her the most was her husband's reaction. She knew he had the whole "my woman/my property" Latin nonsense drilled into his head from birth and while was protective to the degree Wanda knew he would rip someone apart if they hurt or threatened her or their daughter some part of him was unbelievably aroused by the lust other men felt for his wife. Wanda might have been mad at him except she knew she was the one who had wired the fetish into his brain.

The lead reggae singer made a lunging grab for Wanda's top that was so close to pulling her top down that she felt his fingers brush the top of her right breast. Wanda angrily tried to knee the singer in the balls and just missed. Even worse for Wanda the lead singer grabbed her raised leg behind the knee and pulled her to him as she hopped on her other leg. The singer rubbed his erection against Wanda's bikini-covered pelvis just to let her know he could. Wanda gasped and stumbled backward barely keeping her balance as the lead singer's grasp slipped from Wanda's knee to her ankle.

Wanda felt the backup singer slip his fingers under the back band of her bikini top. The singer looked over to the DJ who switched from the stripper song into a drum roll sound effect. The crowd cheered in anticipation as the percussion sound signaled the desired reveal was about to happen.

As the snare drum stopped and the cymbals crashed Wanda took a deep breath. Her gasp couldn't be heard over the roar of approval from the men in the crowd as the spandex was yanked down from her chest to her waist. Once again Wanda's huge black tits were revealed for the world to see. A realization slowly washed over the crowd. Wanda's tits were even more spectacular than they imagined they would be. Wanda stood dumbfounded as cameras started flashing around the party documenting the exposure of Wanda's naked tits. They looked like two honey-colored honeydew melons capped with silver dollar-sized caramel drops.

Wanda saw her cousins struggling to get through but making no progress. She could see the video crew adjust the lens in an effort to no doubt capture the details. Wanda could feel her nipples stiffen from the excitement of being seen by all these guys. She hated that she couldn't control her body's response and the crowd of pigs are being rewarded with an even sexier view of Wanda's big sexy tits capped with diamond-hard nipples. She could almost feel the puckered ridges of her areolas as the warm breeze rolled over her bare breasts.

Wanda closed her eyes tightly to ease the sting of embarrassment. It only worked for about thirty seconds before the sting of embarrassment was replaced with the sting of having her ass slapped by the DJ who carried his microphone in his non-slapping hand.

"I'd like to invite everyone to come on down to the stage so you can get your photo taken with our star attraction this evening. It's going to be fifteen dollars for a regular photo but for an extra ten you get to touch." the DJ said to the excited crowd.

The microphone picked up Wanda saying something about killing someone. The DJ and the reggae singers who had her trapped just laughed.

"What was that Miss Cocoa Tits?" The DJ asked before shoving the microphone in Wanda's face.

"If any of you touch me, my husband is gonna hunt you down and kill you." Wanda said with a look of angry hatred.

"Well then, if you're gonna spring for the deluxe package, you better make it worth it. Get an extra good squeeze in." The DJ said as both reggae singers held the limbo bar with one hand and each gave one of Wanda's tits a grab and rude shake.

"Line starts to the left." the DJ said giving Wanda's ass another slap.

A loud cheer erupted from the party. The crowd shifted to the left side of the stage. This was good news, bad news thing regarding Wanda's cousin. The crowd on the right of the stage cleared up enough that they would have a clear path to the stage to help Wanda. Unfortunately for Wanda, her cousins had started from the left side. They weren't going to be able to get around the left shift of the crowd in time to prevent Wanda from suffering the indignity of having her big black tits groped by several of the party-goers who were willing to pay the twenty-five dollar fee to get a feel of the warm softness that was Wanda's naked rack.

The two reggae singers used the limbo pole to force Wanda to her knees so the paying customers had easy access to her bare breasts and allow the photographer to capture Wanda's reaction to having her tits groped. Wanda couldn't hide her revolution when the first CEO from the Midwest in his Packers-themed yellow and green Hawaiian shirt laid his money down to wrap his left arm around her back to cup Wanda's big left tit and rest his head on Wanda's soft right breast while the camera clicked.

"Thank you." He said to Wanda giving her left tit one last honk.

"Fuck you cracker!" Wanda yelled as he walked away smiling.

The next customer had the Mouseketeer hat he had picked up for his daughter as a souvenir. He wedged the ears under Wanda's massive orbs and positioned himself between her boobs so that Wanda's huge breasts looked like the Mickey Mouse Ears on his daughter Marcie's souvenir hat. After he smiled for his picture Wanda had to suffer another firm squeeing of her left boob.

"Thank You." He told Wanda.

"Always be looking over your shoulder for my husband motherfucker." Wanda replied.

Next in line were two recent college program graduates exuding the typical frat boy energy. They posed with their faces pressed into the sides of Wanda's huge round mounds. both smiled with their tongues sticking out of the sides of their mouths threateningly close to giving Wanda's nipples a lick. A line they crossed a few seconds later when they suckle one of Wanda's nipples for their second photo that captured Wanda's revulsion at having her nipples sucked by two strangers right before her cousin Diana came up behind the frat boys and slammed their heads together like coconuts.

Wanda's other cousin was now onstage to confront the reggae singers who had Wanda at their mercy. Tanya tried to use her pepper spray key chain only to find it was not functional after she had used it the day before. The reggae singers lowered moved the limbo bar from behind Wanda's neck to the front of her body. They then lowered the bar to the floor so that Wanda was trapped in the doggie position before they stood on the bar waiting to engage with Tanya.

"If ya mess wid me girl, I'll steal dem panty and spank dat ass good." the lead singer said as Tanya squared up.

The two frat boys angrily recovered from having their heads slammed together. While the two reggae singers had to keep one foot on the limbo bar limiting the amount they could go on offense against both were fairly tough Yardies from the streets of Kingston. It wasn't going to be easy for Tanya to move either of the musicians. Diana had a different problem, the two frat boys were kind of suburban candy asses but there were two of them. Neither of Wanda's cousins really wanted to fight in the breezy short sundresses they were wearing. The threat of an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction was amplified by the presence of the camera crew still documenting the party events.

"I have you just how I want you, on your hands and knees." Wanda heard from her rear as the DJ crouched behind her and ran his hand up her thigh.

"I promise you, for every drop of sperm you spill my husband is gonna take a gallon of blood." Wanda told him.

"You can tell I'm real worried about it." the DJ said rubbing Wanda's clit with two fingers through the cloth of her bikini bottoms.

Wanda was unable to control her body from shuddering from the sensation of a strange man touching her sex. She heard the sound of zipper.

"Don't you dare." Wanda said as she felt her bikini pulled to the side.

"We see how wet you are? Don't pretend you don't want it." The DJ said sticking his fingers dripping with Wanda's juices in her face.

Wanda's vision clicked past the DJ's slick fingers to the hulking form yanking the limbo bar up from the floor of the stage. Wanda couldn't see the looks on the DJ and reggae singers faces but he imagined pure terror as her husband twisted the thick wood bar in his grip until a loud crack of the pole splintering in two rang out. It felt like the temperature dropped fifteen degrees as not only the DJ and singers put together who Julie was but the two frat guys who had been relishing the prospect of wrestling Diana in her sundress.

Wanda stood up freed from her bondage. Her tormentors exchanged glances with each other. They were silently debating whether to flee and hope Julie pursued the other four perpetrators or to try and gang up and try him five against one. Julie didn't make it any easier to decide as instead of sizing up his targets he was clearly enjoying the site of his wife adjusting her bikini top and still stripped of her wrap-around skirt. It wasn't until they looked to the right and saw the bloody Mouseketeer Hat and an unmoving heap of a man in a green and yellow tropical shirt curled into a fetal ball.

The five sexual predators made an instant decision to scatter to the four winds as fast s possible. Wanda and her husband exchanged an almost amused look at her tormentors' bad luck of trying to run from a man who hunts people for a living.
