
Angie	
Wrong Day
When I was a 16 I loved to be daring and do all sorts of naughty things. I often went commando to school, sometimes even under my skirt. 

Well one day I was wearing low cut jeans with nothing on underneath and right in the middle of lunch break I had to pee real bad. We were out in the yard so my friend dared me to pee right next to this bush by the side fence. I really had to go so I took the dare and went for it. I had my pants pulled down laughing with my friend behind the bush and never saw Ms Bardwell the Phys Ed teacher spot me. Out of nowhere she descended upon me suddenly grabbing me by both my arms dragging me out into the open. My pants were already down and once she held me up they slipped down even further till they were around my shins. Without any panties I was totally bare with my shaved pussy and bare hiney on full show for all to see. With my arms wrenched up painfully behind me she escorted me around bare ass naked with everyone laughing and pointing at me as I begged for her to let me go so I could pull my pants back up. As if she was getting some sort of perverted thrill out of seeing my bare pussy and teen ass she marched me around humiliated swatting my ass every time I struggled too much. Ignoring my pleas she said I could do my explaining in the principal’s office! She escorted me shuffling bottomless, teary eyed and squirming around right past everyone in the school yard making sure every one got a good look at my bare ass and pussy! Everyone got to see me as she walked me on my tippy toes down the halls of the school spanking my ass making me jump and arch forward flinching after each swat. I saw kids with wide eyes and open mouths and others pointing, laughing and cat calling at me as they stared at my ass and pussy. As much as I struggled Ms Bardwell was too strong for me and held me like a vice forcing me to shuffle down the hall with my pants around my ankles. 

I go to a strict catholic school so once in the principal's office I was ordered to stand there still with my pants down right in front of him and dare not cover. The vice principal, and Mrs Bardwell were there too eyeing me up and down as I was ordered to explain what I was doing, and also why I was not wearing any underwear. Sobbing I stammered humiliated and bare from my belly button down being told I was not allowed to pull my pants back up till I had a believable explanation. Once I could not acceptably explain my behavior I was ordered one at a time to remove my shoes, pants, blouse, and even my bra! I begged them to not make me take off my bra too but they showed no sympathy. They made me strip naked then kneel over a seat with my palms on the ground, and my naked rear in the air. Ordered to remain in this position I was given 25 swats with a paddle and ordered to count each off one at a time. Every time I lost count or moved too far out of position they said I had to start over again. I caught Mrs Bardwell smirking and leering at my open ass and bare jiggling tits as I was spanked. They had their fun punishing me watching me reach back and grab my stinging cheeks every time I was paddled extra hard. At one point Mrs Barwell even ordered me to bend over the desk and spread my rear end wide open as she swatted me right on my privates. 

They took my clothes away and held me naked in detention forcing me to painfully hold books out in front of me straight armed for long periods of time as punishment. After detention they said they would not inform my parents but next time I misbehaved I’d be expelled. 

Humiliated I was force to dress myself right in front of them as they all leered at my bare pussy, ass, and tits. 
