Employee Of The Month
by fearthisss

Dim witted secretary wants to be Employee of the Month.

Employee Of The Month Ch. 01

Steve's secretary Leslie was cute as a bug in a rug. Not stunning. She'd never be a model. But she was girl-next-door cute. Long, brunette hair fell down around an always smiling face and past her shoulders. She was slim with just the right curves in all the right places. Her eyes always sparkled with the innocence of a child and her smile lit up a room. She always wore nice, tight clothes that often revealed way too much skin for an office. No one complained. I couldn't hide my stare every time she walked past my office.

And she was delightfully dumber than a box of crayons.

One crisp October day I called her into my office.

"What's up, Mark?" she asked cheerfully as she bounced into my office.

My bone as soon as I saw you! "Oh, nothin'. Just bored so I thought we could just bullshit for a little bit."

She plopped herself in a chair in front of my desk. "Sure!"

We chit chatted for a bit, then I decided to go for it.

I leaned forward in my chair. My eyes darted side to side. "Leslie, can you keep a secret?" I whispered.

"Oh sure! I'm like a vault!" Which I knew was the truth. Steve had told her things in confidence he should've never told her. Not one peep about any of it got around the office.

"Good good. Listen, all year long we've had Employee of the Month contests. Have you heard anything about it?"

Her jaw dropped. "Nooooo! No I sure haven't!" That's because it didn't exist.

"Right. That's because only a very select group of employees are nominated each month. Only the best of the best. And we want to keep it quiet so we don't upset the other employees who don't get selected."

"Oh! Right! Sure, that makes sense."

"Well, this month you've been selected as one of the finalists for the month of October."

Her eyes grew wide. "(GASP!) No way!" she shouted. I held my fingers to my lips and shh'd her. "Oh! Right! Sorry!" She gathered herself and quietly yelled, "No way!"

"Yes way. Congratulations."

"This...this is amazing!"

"Well, hang on a second. You're a finalist. You haven't won it yet. There are a few things you have to complete before you can win."

"Really? Like what? What would I win?" My cock stuffed inside you if you play your cards right!

"Well, if you're Employee of the Month you get a $25 gift card to Applebee's."

"(gasp) I love Applebee's!"

"And then, at the end of the year, one of the monthly winners will be chosen as Employee of the Year. They get a certificate and a $100 gift card."

"(gasp!) A certificate?! And a $100 gift card?! Oh my gosh! So what do I have to do?"

I asked her some random, easy questions. She got most of them right, which actually surprised me. Then I asked her to stand up and come around the desk so I could get a better look at her.

She giggled. "You see me every day, silly."

"Yes, but this is different. I need to take a really good look at you. Lift up your skirt so I can see all of your leg."

Without hesitation, she turned and lifted one side of her short skirt all the way to her hip. Far enough to reveal the thin band of her g-string and plenty of sweet ass. Her leg was tan and smooth.

"Perfect. Now show me your stomach." She yanked her blouse from inside of her skirt and lifted it to just below her breasts. Her stomach was taut and tanned just like her legs. "Man, you must work out!" I'd like to give you a work out!

She turned her hips side to side. "I do!"

I leaned back in my chair and scratched my chin. Go for it! "Ya know, that's great and all. But I really think we need to get those clothes off of you so, you know, I can get a better look," I said as nonchalantly as I could.

"What?! You...you want me to take my clothes off? Right here?!"

I shrugged my shoulders. "Sure, why not?"

"But...but...somebody might see!"

"Then we'll make it quick. You should probably hurry up before somebody walks in."

She thought about it. "Okay." The tiny skirt slipped down her legs and across her high heels. As she pulled her blouse over her head she asked, "Why do I need to take my clothes off to be Employee of the Month?"

I gathered my thoughts while she reached behind her back and unsnapped her lacy bra. "Well, uh, at the, uh, at the end of the year we're going to do a calendar with all of the winners."

She placed the bra on top of the clothes she already had on my desk. "A calendar?!" Her eyes sparkled at the thought.

"Oh yeah, a calendar," I nodded while her tiny g-string slipped past her knees. "So, uh, you know, we want to make sure our calendar girls would, you know, make our competitors jealous."

"Oh yeah! I get it!" she said beaming. Dumb bitch!

She stood proudly before me naked with the exception of her red high heels, her hands behind her back with a wide smile across her face. Every inch of her body was a golden tan with not a tan line to be found. Her breasts were perky and sat up way and high. She had a landing strip of brown hair perched just above her puffy pink lips. It was tough to keep my composure. I long ago lost the battle with my trouser snake.

Once again, she turned her hips side to side. "So? What do you think? Do I look like a calendar girl?"

"Oh, absolutely!"

"I've always wanted to be in a calendar! That and one of those men's magazines, you know? But a calendar would be great! I can't believe I'm going to be in a calendar!" She was so lost in the thought she completely forgot she was butt naked.

I held up a finger. "Well, you're not a calendar girl just yet. You're really close! Really close! There's one more thing I need for you to do before I report back to the other judges though."

"Really? What's that?" I unzipped my pants and pulled out my python. Her eyebrows went to the top of her forehead. Her hand covered her wide open mouth. "(GASP!) Mark! Why...why did you pull your...your thingy out?!"

"Because I need to check out your oral skills," I said as calmly as possible. "The judges will want a full report."

"Oral skills?"

I waved my tool at her. "Yeah, oral skills. We need to make sure that, you know, your oral skills can pass the test. So I need to make sure that, uh, you know, your oral skills are satisfactory."

She thought about it. Then it hit her. "(GASP!) You...you want me to, you know, suck you?!" I nodded my head and continued to wave my beef stick at her. "But...but what does that have to do with Employee of the Month?"

"Leslie, there are so many things required to be Employee of the Month. Way more than paperwork and a pretty smile." I could see her hesitation. I could also see her lips swelling and starting to glisten. "You want to be in that calendar, don't you?"

She nodded. "I really, really do."

"Great! Why don't you slide under my desk here. I need to really evaluate your skills and it might take a little bit."

"Um, sure, okay." She sexily slid into the dimly lit space and I moved my chair forward. I shivered when her small, thin fingers wrapped themselves around my shaft. "My gosh, Mark, it's so big!"

"Have you ever, uh, practiced your oral skills on anything this big before?"

"Gosh, no! I mean, I've seen plenty of thingies before but, gee whiz, this one is really big!" I'll bet you've seen plenty of them!

"Well, give it your best shot. I really want to see you in that calendar."

"I'll do my best!"

"Uhgah!" I croaked when she took me into her hot, wet mouth. Her head began to bob. My swollen tip slammed against the back of her mouth every time she took the top half of me in. It felt like a shopvac was taking me in. Oh yeah, she's done this before! My hand went to the back of her head. "Oh yeah, that's it, Leslie. You're doing great!" I moaned.

"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!" she gurgled. The room quickly filled with the sounds of slurps and gags.

Two minutes later there was a knock at my door. The bobbing under my desk froze. The door cracked open and a head popped through. It was Matt, one of my designers and a friend.

"Hey, Mark, got a minute?"

"Uh, yeah, sure come on in." Leslie choked when I shoved down on her head. Matt furrowed his brow and briefly glanced around the room wondering where the noise came from before sitting down.

"I've got a question about this Upchuck brochure," he said as he laid his designs on my desk, not noticing the clump of clothes on the corner.

Leslie's head began to bob again while I tried to concentrate on Matt's concerns about the brochure. Meanwhile, Matt couldn't help but notice the occasional sound that sounded as if it were coming from under my desk but wrote if off to the creaks of an ancient ventilation system.

Then it happened.

The tip of one of Leslie's red high heels slipped out from under my desk and tapped Matt's foot. He looked up from the floor with a confused, shocked look on his face.

"What the..." I held my finger to my lips and shhh'd him. He paused before he whispered "What the fuck?" I smiled and moved my hand that was above the desk up and down. "No fuckin' way!" he whispered. I nodded. "Who is it?" I nodded my head in the direction of Leslie's empty desk. His jaw dropped. "No fuckin' way!" I held my finger to my lips again then motioned for him to come around the desk. His jaw dropped when he saw the top of her head diving in and out of my lap. "Oh fuck! No fuckin' way!" We both chocked back laughs. I waved at him to go sit back down.

I winked at him then mouthed "Play along." "Man, have you seen Leslie today? Damn!"

Leslie's ears perked up. Her bouncing head stopped. Huh? She gagged when I shoved her back into my groin.

"Huh?" Then it hit him. "Oh! Right! Oh fuck! Man, those legs...damn! I wouldn't mind having those wrapped around my neck."

Are they talking about me?

"Oh, I know, right? And those tits! Just the right size. Firm and perky. Goddamn!"

"Oh fuck! She could poke an eye out with those fuckin' nipples of hers!"

They are talking about me! A white hot heat grew between her legs hearing them talk about how they'd use her body. She couldn't help herself. She squeaked at the first touch of her own hand. The throbbing in her mouth grew stronger.

"You know that Employee of the Month calendar we're working on?" I asked.

Matt looked confused. "Huh?"

I frowned at him and nodded my head. "You know, that Employee of the Month calendar," I growled.

"Oh! Uh, yeah, right, the calendar. Uh, what about it?"

I wonder if Matt's one of the judges? I'll have to be super nice to him just in case!

"Don't you think she'd be great for this month?"

"Uh, yeah, sure."

I'm going to be in a calendar! She sucked me harder and faster.

"After she's passed all of the tests, of course."

"Oh! Uh, yeah, right. The tests. Sure." There was a pause. "You know, all the guys talk about what a tight little body she's got," Matt continued.

All the guys?! A light yipe slipped through her lips when she buried two fingers in her soaked slit.

"I bet she's got a tight little cunt, too," I groaned.

"Oh fuck yeah! I'd tear that shit up!"

Oh my God! Yes! her mind screamed while she thumped her raised kernel hard and fast.

"She'd wear your sorry ass out," I chuckled.

"Maybe," he snickered. "I'll bet she sucks cock like a pro." We both fought back laughs.

"I'll bet she likes sucking on fat cocks," I said with a grin.

"Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmhmmmm!" she quietly moaned. I do! I do love sucking on big, fat cocks!

"Play your cards right and you might find out some day," Matt said with a laugh caught in his throat.

"I wonder if...if...grrrrrrr...if she'd take two at a time."

"Oh, I'll bet she loves a little DP."

Yes! Yes! I love two big, fat cocks inside of me! Oh God! Oh God! Ah...ah... "Mmmmmmmmmmm!" she couldn't help but moan as the electricity of her self-inflicted orgasm tore through her body.

Matt and I both smiled ear to ear hearing her muffled moan. I shoved down on her head and rocked my hips.

"Oh yeah, I...I...grrrrrrr...I have no doubt she...loves a little...mmmmmm...a little double...teammmmm..." I groaned through a clenched jaw. My body stiffened and my hand on the desk balled into a fist.

Matt covered his mouth to muffle his laugh as Leslie coughed and gagged while I shoved down on her head and held it there. Spunk quickly filled her mouth. She swallowed as hard and as fast as she could.

"You okay there, buddy?" Matt cracked.

"Never better," I panted.

Leslie's head shot out of my crotch and she gasped for air. She found herself yearning to have my pole crammed into her every hole.

"Well, uh, I...I think that about covers it, doesn't it, Matt? Any other questions?"

"Oh, I have a ton of questions," he grinned. "But they can wait until another day."

When Matt got out of his seat he had a noticeable bulge in his pants. Poor bastard I chuckled to myself. I rolled my chair back and peered under the desk. Leslie was on her knees wiping a streak of white from her chin. She tucked it between her lips and smiled.

"Mmmmmm, you taste delicious," she purred.

I helped her crawl out from her hiding place. While I pulled her to her feet, I asked, "So, did you like that?"

Her eyes lit up and she giggled. "Oh my gosh! That was so naughty! And exciting! That was fun! Do you think Matt knew I was under there doing, you know, that?"

I shook my head. "Nah, he didn't have a clue. C'mon, let's get you dressed before somebody else comes in. She grabbed her g-string and bent over to put them on until I stopped her. "You know what? Do you want to score bonus points with the judges?"

"Do I ever!"

"Good. Don't wear underwear for the next couple of weeks."

"Really? How will the judges know I don't have any underwear on?"

I smiled and winked. "Oh, they'll know. Just put those in this drawer here for safe keeping." She dropped the g-string and bra into the drawer I had pulled open.

"Who are the judges anyway?" she asked as she pulled her skirt up her silky thighs.

"Ohhhh, I can't tell you that. You might give them special treatment. We can't have that."

"Is Matt one?" she asked as her blouse came over her head.

"I can't tell you that."

She gave me a mischievous smile. "I'll bet he is."

I shrugged my shoulders. "Maybe he is. Maybe he isn't. I really can't say. You'd better get back to your desk before somebody comes looking for you."

"Oh! Right!" She stopped at the door and turned. "So, uh, when...when you all make a decision?"

"In a couple of weeks. I'll let you know."

"Okay." She paused. "I really wanna be in that calendar. I'd do just about anything to be in it."

Anything huh? "I'll be sure to mention that when we meet to discuss the candidates."

"Okay! Thank you, Mark!"

My lips curled into a wicked half grin. No, thank you.



