Nude Development
by Neykid

Nude Development pt1

I was woken up abruptly by my Mom and dragged out of the house so quickly that I was outside naked watching our house burn down. I was in such a state of shock and just stood there and watched everything I own being destroyed. When the firemen showed it all hit me that I was outside without a stitch of clothing on and my Mom was just in her nightie.
“Farah come on we have to go to our neighbours. The firemen told us to we have to leave to a family member or friend’s house.”
All I could say was “OK.”
Mom just grabbed my hand and started walking to the car then drove to our neighbour’s house. Here I was naked and driving to a practically a strangers place. We just move to this place about 6 months ago and only met our neighbour twice. As we drove up the driveway I began to get nervous but my Mom reassured me it would be ok. She squeezed my hand a little harder as we walked up the steps to his front door. My Mom rang the doorbell and as we waited for Mr Travis to come to the door I hid behind my Mom.
“Well howdy neighbour what’s going on.”
My Mom explained to him about our house being on fire and point in the direction of the flames. Mr Travis was shocked “Come on in I will make you something hot to drink.”
As we stepped into his house my Mom told him that we lost everything even our clothes and that is when Mom pulled me around in front of her and showed naked little old me to Mr Travis. He gave a little smile and then said “ I am sorry I don’t have anything for you to wear.”
Mr Travis went away and came back with a blanket for me and then we sat down and drank some tea. Mr Travis showed us our room for the night and Mom and I got ready for bed.
Mom got up early but I continued to sleep in then I came too again to the smell of breakfast. I dragged myself down stairs to the kitchen and was in shock to see my Mom in just an Apron cooking breakfast.
“Mom why are you in just an apron.”
“Sorry honey I had to wash my nightie since that is the only thing I have to wear and I have to go into work today.”
“You can’t go to work today and leave me all alone with Mr Travis.”
“ I have an important client today and can’t get out of it and besides Mr Travis is harmless.”
I took a look over to the old guy and smiled and took a sip of his coffee. Mom dished out the breakfast. I tried to eat my breakfast while trying to hold on to the blanket but it was no use so I just let it slide of my shoulders. I looked up at Mr Travis again and saw that cheesy grin. My Mom got up and got us both a coffee and before she sat down she took off her apron and finished her breakfast. It must be Mr Travis’s lucky day having breakfast with two naked women. Since Mom wasn’t bothered I became more relaxed.
Then all of a sudden My Mom bolted up and ran to the basement to get her nightie. She ran back up the basement stairs and into the kitchen. “ Sorry honey I have to go or I will be late.” I stood up and gave my Mom a hug and said good bye. After watching my Mom run out the door I went over a poured myself another cup of coffee. I chatted with Mr Travis and found out his wife died a few years ago and he basically keeps to himself. He told me has a bit of a farm with a few chickens,pigs,cows and grows some of his own food.
“How would you like to help me out with my farm Farah?”
“How can I, I have nothing to wear.”
“You don’t need to worry about that I hardly have any visitors. I will be back in a second.”Mr Travis went to the basement and came back with some boots and a pair of gloves. I can’t believe I was about to work on this farm naked. At home I slept in the nude and going from my bedroom to take a shower naked was all I did. Now I was naked in front of an old man an about to help him with his pigs and chickens.
Meanwhile my Mom was on her way to work in just a nightie.
This is great this had to happen today. How am I supposed to look professional and seal this loan deal? Being naked in front of the old man was nothing but my client was very important and had lots of other connections for future business. As I went through the door of my bank all I heard was “Jackie what happened why are you still in your nightie. “I told the girls the story of my house burning down and they couldn’t believe it. I went to straight to my office and tried to calm myself down.
Right on time my client shows up and right off the bat I told him why I was dressed the way I was and he except my excuse. While we were talking business my client Mr Tanaka said “You have to see for yourself what we have planned and why don’t we take a little trip.”
“I can’t really take a trip with you like this.”
“Nonsense, come on lets go.”
I got up slowly and walked out of my office to the front door and I could feel his eyes looking at me. My nightie only came down to just below my ass. I climbed into his Limo and I am pretty sure I flashed him. It was hard to keep covered while sitting in the limo but Mr Tanaka talked about his development and how it would be good for my town. We arrived at the site and I ended up flashing him again. I had to spread my legs to get up and then bend over to step through the door so he got an eye full. The site had a few guys with their trucks and some equipment and one site office.
“Mr Tanaka I am not really dressed to be on this construction site. It is all mucky I need boots and a hard hat.”
“We will get that all for you. So go to the site office.”
On the way to the office I slipped in the muck and got all dirty. I heard Mr Tanaka chuckle and as he reached to help me up he ripped my nightie. We entered to site office and Mr Tanaka introduced me to the supervisor. As he shook my hand the supervisor said “How are you, you look like you are having a bad day.”
“That is an understatement.” I said with a chuckle.
“I guess I need some boots, a hard hat and a vest.”
“Yea you do but you would have to clean yourself off before you can use them. There is a tap on the side of the hut you can use.”
I looked at them and then at myself. I had muck from head to toe. I was in a rough state, so I walked outside to the tap on the side with the two guys following me. I took my nightie off and ran it under the water and cleaned myself off. Mr Tanaka with the biggest smile handed me the boots, highvis vest and hard hat. With no modesty anymore they took me on a tour of the place. The cat calls and whistles I got made me chuckle with embarrassment. When the tour was finished the ride back naked was surreal. He expressed how impressed he was with me and how I handled myself.
“We should have another meeting soon to finalize the agreement.” He said with a wink.
“That would be great and I guess my dress is now satisfactory. “I said with a laugh.
Mr Tanaka laughed and handed me a drink of champagne and we toasted the occasion. When I got out of the limo I saw the shocked look on their faces of my girls.
“Wow what happened and did you seal the deal.”
“Yes and don’t asked what happened.” I said with a smirk.
I sat in my office which isn’t very private and thought about what happened. I was happy I got the deal but nervous that he now expects me to be naked the next time we meet and I suppose it would be the same with his other business partner. I was about to start working on the loan proposal when there was a steady stream of costumers coming into my office expressing how they felt about my house burning and was I alright. There wasn’t too much of a shock to their faces because they saw me as soon as they walked in the front door. The girls brought me back some lunch and I continued getting the loan ready. At the end of the day a got a call from Mr Tanaka saying he would be by first thing in the morning. It was time to go home I mean to Mr Travis’s place. I wonder how Farah’s day was? 


Nude development pt2

I was out mucking out the stalls for Mr Travis and I was feeling quite liberated working outside in the nude. Every once in a while I would look over and catch him looking at me. The boots he gave me were a few sizes too big and caused me to constantly trip so I was getting kind of dirty. He had me go up a ladder to get some feed and hay and of course he stood underneath to watch me climb. I chuckled to myself “what a horny old bugger.”
Then I saw a truck come up his driveway and I started to panic a little.
“I thought you didn’t have any visitors.”
“He is just my good friend.”
“I don’t mind being naked with you but with your friend I don’t know.”
“It will be ok.”
I kind of hid behind Mr Travis as this old guy got out of the truck. As he was shaking hands with his friend he stepped aside and introduced me. He seemed nice just like Mr Travis and I shook his hand.
“It is lunch time Farah you need to wash up but you have to do it outside I don’t want the dirt in the house.” He led me over to a hose and told me to take off my boots and gloves. Mr Travis hosed me off while his friend watched. I guess he was getting a kick out of this because he had both hands in his pockets and smiled like a Cheshire cat. When he was done I had to stand by the door and wait for him to get a towel. I dried myself off and started to help Mr Travis make lunch. I could see the smiles on the guys faces as they watched me make lunch and chatted about everyday things.
“Farah we were going to go fishing for a couple of hours and have a few beers. You are welcome to come along or you can stay here if you like.”
I thought about it for a second and said “Yes sure I will come with you both.” I was enjoying these guys company and was beginning to tease them a little.
We all hopped in the truck and I was stuck in the middle. Despite the age difference of 30 years they were fun to be with and being nude made it a bit of a thrill. It only took 30 minutes to get there. We got out of the truck and I grabbed the cooler and headed down a trail to the river. Both of them tried to teach me fishing by standing behind me. It was pretty funny and I pushed my ass into them and we all had a laugh. Another couple of guys came down the trail to the river and I got nervous again.
“Don’t worry they are more friends of ours.”
“I am just worried about getting arrest that’s all.”
“It’s funny one of those guys is a cop.”
“What” I shouted. I really started to panic.
“Chill out and have a beer.”
Mr Travis handed me a beer and then introduced me to them.
“You know I can arrest you.” The cop said with a chuckle. “ Nah just kidding”
My heart skipped a beat but then I started to laugh. We all had fun and I was the net girl and beer server. On the ride back I asked Mr Travis how I didn’t get arrested and he told me things are pretty easy going in this town. We pulled in to a coffee shop and he told me we are going in to have some coffee and a donut.
“Are you kidding me?”
“No I am not, after the initial shock of things it goes back to normal.”
With trepidation I walked into the café and sat at a booth. There were some stares but everyone continued as normal. I couldn’t believe it and I began to relax a little bit.
The waitress came up to take our order. The first thing she said me was “Didn’t y’all’s house burn down?”
“Yes it did and I lost everything including my clothes.”
“Well sorry to hear about that, at least you are still getting out and about.”
“Yea out in the buff.” I chuckled
As the waitress went away I said to Mr Travis “Wow word really did get around.”
“That is the way it is around here.”
“Mr Travis you have been really kind to my Mom and I. I feel I need to earn my keep. I haven’t been doing much since I came to town. My Mom has been nagging me to get a job. Do you know if there are any jobs around?”
Mr Travis’s friend Steve chimed in and said “I need a secretary because my construction business is going to be getting busy soon with this new development starting up. You can come by tomorrow morning.”
“Thanks Steve but I have nothing to wear or money to buy any clothes.”
“You don’t have to worry about that you would be a welcome ray of sunshine at work.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes I am and if you don’t mind being naked around construction guys then the job is yours.”
“It is going to take a bit of getting use to being naked all the time but I am enjoying so far.”
Steve had a great big smile on his face as we headed back to Mr Travis’s home
While I was making dinner Mom came in the door. I asked her what happened to her nightie and she explained the whole thing.
“Cool because I just got a job as a secretary for a construction company that is doing work for that development.”
“It is funny one day without clothes and everything turned around for the better. When do you start work?” My Mom said.
“I start tomorrow isn’t that great.”
“You have nothing to wear.”
“I know but that is the way he wants it.”
“What you have to work naked all the time.”
“Yes, I was naked with him all day today along with dozens of other people. They don’t seem to mind it here.”
“I think I have to work naked to tomorrow also. It was hinted at but I am pretty sure I have to.”
“Cool.”
Mom and I looked at Mr Travis’s way and saw a huge grin on his face. “Well it has been a positive experience.”
The next morning Mom and I got ready to go to work. She was just going to drop me off but decided to meet Steve since they are kind of working on the same project. The smile on Steve’s as both of us walked in the door.
“Wow a double ray of sunshine.” Steve said which actually made Mom blush.
Mom and Steve chatted for a bit about the upcoming development and then kissed me good bye
“See you later honey.”
“Ok bye Mom.”
Steve went over a few things and then he gave me a pair of boots a highvis vest and a hard hat.
“These are for when you have to deliver stuff to sites. In fact here are some plans and the keys to my truck. Take the plans to the site.”
The first time being on my own naked made me nervous but excited too. When I got to the site I saw loads of guys. I took a big breath walked to the site office. Some guys were elbowing each other and nodding my way. I just waved at them and went straight into the office.
The supervisor said “Wow another naked woman, I am going to like this job.”
I handed him the plans and walked back out to the truck. There were a few guys around the truck. As I walked through them they gave a whistle which brought a smile on my face.
“You are going to see more of me fellas so you better get use to it.” I said with a laugh. 


Nude Development pt3 end

After talking to Steve I think this new development was going to take off. Doing all it all in the nude however is another matter. It doesn’t look professional but I did get the deal. I don’t know I may have to rethink this nudity thing. I walked in the front door of my bank and my girls all cheered. I kind of blushed and walk in to my office. I finished my loan proposal then went through the events of yesterday with Mr Tanaka in my mind and I honestly enjoyed myself. It was embarrassing but I enjoyed the attention.
I called Deanna my assistant manager into my office.
“Deanna do you think it was me being naked that got the deal or what it that I am a good banker?”
“I think it was your confidence being naked that seal the deal.”
“Are you willing to get naked too?”
Deanna nervously said “Yes.”
“I understand if you don’t want to but I am just throwing out the idea that maybe it might help with business.”
Deanna started to strip in my office and was folding her last article of clothing when Mr Tanaka and his business partner came through the front door. I could see Deanna get all nervous as they came into my office. Then I see her take a big gulp and introduce herself. Mr Tanaka and his partner looked very pleased. We talked business and he signed the loan proposal.
“ Well come with me and bring your assistant.” Said Mr Tanaka
I got up from my chair and looked over at Deanna who was wide eyed and shaking her head no. I walked over to her and grabbed her hand and headed for the door. Once in the limo Mr Tanaka handed us both some champagne. Deanna drank hers quickly, I guess she needed some dutch courage. Ten minutes later we pulled into the parking lot of our biggest hotel in town. Deanna and I looked at each other and wonder what was going on. We both followed Mr Tanaka and his business partner into the hotel and right into the conference room. Deanna and I stopped for a second and look at a room full for Japanese businessmen. Mr Tanaka motioned for us to come to him and meet someone. It was a bit much for me but I tried to stay as calm as possible. Deanna grabbed my hand and squeezed my hand that it began to hurt. After doing some meet and greet I began to relax somewhat. I saw Deanna drink a few more glasses of champagne. We spent an hour making contacts and deals then all of a sudden the Mayor of our town walks in. He said I was doing a great job and shook my hand a little too hard just to make my boobs shake. Then in walked a naked Japanese woman and Mr Tanaka introduced her as the principal of the school in the new development. Then he went on to say that all the women in the new development will be nude. This place will be called Zenra Machi( nude town). I couldn’t believe what I was hearing but it explained how he treated me and wanted me and Deanna nude. Mr Tanaka then came to me and gave me a deed to a house in Zenra Machi. I thanked him and gave him a hug and he let his hands slip down and gave my ass a squeeze. The rest of the time at the conference room I was groped by pretty much all the Japanese business men including the Mayor.
To end the small conference the Mayor’s wife came in and we all stood there and watched her get stripped by two Japanese men. It was the most erotic thing I have seen and got me pretty turned on. One kissed her neck from behind and reached in front to undo her blouse. The other guy who was in front let her skirt fall and started to kiss up her thighs then ripped her panties apart in one violent motion. The guy behind her slowly ran his fingers through her hair then unclasped her bra. He reached around and squeezed her tits while nibbling her neck then dropped to his knees. He proceeded to knead her ass cheeks and give them playful love bites. The guy in front stood up and began to fingered her to orgasm. When it was over the Mayor went over to her and hugged her then both of them bowed in front of Mr Tanaka to thank him.
I guess this naked or should I say nude thing is for real now. With Mr Tanaka’s wealth this could turn this town around or might even be renamed Zenra. Getting back into Mr Tanaka’s limo Deanna fell head first into Mr Tanaka’s lap. Mr Tanaka gave out a big laugh but Deanna seemed a little embarrassed. I guess she had a few too many which also made her sit with her legs as far apart as possible giving Mr Tanaka a full view. Being naked and all that happened at the hotel my hand slipped between my legs and I actually started to masturbate in front of both of them. As I came out of my orgasmic haze I saw Deanna and Mr Tanaka smiling at me.
My legs were still shaky as I climbed out of the limo and walked into the bank to my office. Deanna and I chatted for a while about the new dress code and how we are going to conduct business from now on.

After about two months living with Mr Travis our new house was ready for us to move into. We had a bit of a party and all three of us got a bit drunk. Mom flirted with Mr Travis but it was too much for him to see Mom bend over getting something out of the fridge that he stuck his hand between her legs. My Mom stood up grab Mr Travis’s hand, winked at me and went upstairs with him. I went out on the front porch with my drink and looked over in the direction of where our old house use to be and thought how that disaster had changed my life for the better. 


