Baby Sister
by SZENSEI
Copyright© 2022 by SZENSEI

Episode 3: stRAWberry SHortcAKE

“Strawberries coming right up.”

Wiley Barnett paraded through the kitchen; his loose-fitting sweatpants tented in dramatic fashion. Sweet impressionable, downright stupid Maria Blanco following him like a lost puppy. One very adorable puppy mind you. For only sixteen she was drop dead gorgeous, just like her supermodel mother. Only much shorter and still growing. At 4’7, 82 pounds according to Matthew Barnett she was like a living breathing doll. Tiny in proportion yet endowed enough in her breasts to know they would one day catch up in size to her mother. Cutesy might be a good description.

She was uncertain what to do now that her mother was away. Her second day in Man’s world as her mother Esperanza often called it, she was sad yet feeling free. With her mother gone for a month Maria could be herself, of course, being herself wasn’t entirely clear. At barely sixteen and having had no real interaction with the outside world she wanted to further her education of life itself. Again, that too was unclear, having seen Wiley jerk off by the pool and he playfully exposing himself right behind her mother in the dining room, just for Maria, she found him hilarious. Where most young girls might panic, shy little Maria was not one of them. She really didn’t know right from wrong. Blame it on her Mommy.

“I love strawberries.” She pepped up glued to his hip as he grabbed a bowl to put the berries in. She attempted to steal one, but Wiley lifted the bowl high into the air over her 4’7 status. Wiley being 6’3 no matter how high she jumped to reach the bowl she failed. Laughing over her unsuccessful attempts he watched her jubilant titties dancing about beneath her yellow dress’s cleavage. The more she jumped the lower her dress fell, with no straps to hold it up the inevitability of her breasts being concealed much longer was only a matter of time. Facing her even more fun considering his erection stabbed straight at her, each jump led her tummy to collide with his beast, she hadn’t even realized it. To her it was all about the fruit, not the looms.

“My berries.” He teased her laughing at her tormented expression, “Pout all you want Baby Sister. You gotta earn these berries.”

“What do you mean?” She paused in her hops to study his playful sneer. Good God, those big brown orbs. Her expression offering yearn over the berries but could easily be mistaken for sex. A bending at the knees dance she was whining over his unwillingness to share.

“We’ll get to that. Let’s go sit on the sectional so I can enjoy my tasty berries here.”

“You must share.” She stomps her foot, being dramatic over a pouty tantrum. “Do not be stingy.”

“I share when you share.” He twists in step and walks away from her. In tow she explored his muscles at wearing no shirt, having no real visual of a man’s anatomy this was her first. Oscar his father did not count, he was ever the gentleman. Although, she did sneak a brief peek at her mother and Oscar having sex, the images giving her goosebumps, more than any scars. She knew nothing of sex as an act of pleasure. At some point she would demand clarification over what she witnessed. Maria rather enjoyed watching Wiley’s tight butt leading her into the family room. Amazement to say the least. So much for blinking.

“Keepin’ up Baby Sister?” He leered over his shoulder, she skipped along rather than walking, dogging his heels with the most remarkable sparkle in her eyes. He had a hunch that she was curious, how curious remained the question. Reaching the sectional, he plopped down dead center on the sofa and kicked his feet up on the coffee table. Standing over him she fidgeted as he ate a berry.

“No fair. Share with me. I thought I was a member of this family now.”

“Sit down right here next to me.” He pats the cushion making certain she knew he meant hip to hip. Without pondering his request, she just did it. Legs touching legs. “Comfy?”

“Yes.”

“Good. I ask a question and if I like the answer, I feed you a berry. Deal?”

“Yes.”

“Perfect. You’ve never seen a man naked before me, have you?”

“I have not.” She watched him swirl a berry in the air before her eyes, following it in hopes she would be fed.

“Did you like seeing me naked?”

“That is two questions.”

“Don’t get cute, answer me.” He chuckles.

“It was most interesting.”

“Fair enough.” He presses the berry on to her lips and she nibbles it, expressing a vitamin C orgasm. “Look at that expression. You should love everything as much as that berry.”

“Everything?”

“Yep! I’m going to take my sweats off here in a minute. A berry delivered to that tongue if you say you’re not going to run off crying.”

“Why would you...?” Her eyes lower to his tentpole and flare up at its size. While she considered it wrong as it should be, she did want to see him again. Up close! Curiosity lured the cat. “I will not run. Nor cry.”

“Good girl. There’s no need to panic all I’m doing is prepping you for the future. I like living carefree so I pretty much live naked unless I’m at work ... when I work.”

“Berry.” She shifts sideways facing him with a starving look in her eyes. He fed her another one but held onto it to observe her puckered lips sucking on its juices. Her eyes carefully studied his as to why he was doing this. Finally, he winks and releases the berry to her hunger. “Look at that ecstasy.”

“What is ecstasy?” She took a vivid interest.

“You remember when I stroked my boy here by the pool?” Setting the bowl of berries to his left Wiley lifted his hips up and tugs his sweats down to his ass, his dick popping free before her eyes. Just watching her eyes bulge made him grow harder. Rubbing berry juice on his cock just to be cute he awaited her answer.

“Yes. What is stroked?” She grows shy suddenly and stares at it. In her lured in gaze, he swoops a berry under her face and feeds her again, more juices rubbed on his crown right in front of her.

“Why do you rub juice on yourself?”

“Stroked is this.” He curls his wet fingers and thrashes his girth before her mesmerized eyeballs. Strawberry juice helps keep the white devil from being so painful to a guy. Before you ask, I’ll explain that in a minute. I want you to understand I’m not here to hurt you, Maria. I just need to know you’re alright that I walk around in front of you naked.”

“This is your home. I am a guest.”

“Not true. This is your home now too. So, you’re okay seeing me nude?”

“Yes.” She eyes the bowl of berries which he placed in his lap right above his monster erection.

“You might catch me jerking off a lot. White Devil is a bitch. There’s an epidemic ... a medical condition... “He knew epidemic was too big of a word for her mentality. “It attacks both men and women, but men feel it the worst. White devil makes this here penis, that’s what it’s called really swollen. Inside our body is gland, an internal organ where a tiny critter lives. He spits a lot. If a fella or gal doesn’t get it out of their system really fast, it can put them in the hospital. I don’t know about you, but I don’t want to go to one of those. Unless of course there’s a cute nurse who helps me get that white devil out. So, yeah, I have to beat off a lot to protect my health. Can you live with that?”

“There is no cure?” He shakes his head with a deafening sigh. “That must be really hard to live with. I understand. If you must. Berry?”

“Very HARD! Choose one and pick it out of the bowl.” His erection arching right over the bowl made her hesitate. Still, the temptation was too great, and she reached in to pluck up a berry without touching him. Devouring it she studies his eyes as she knows he was looking at her cleavage. Blushing she shares her thoughts.

“Why do you look at me so?”

“Sorry. It’s a guy thing. You know that you’re beautiful.”

“I think so.” She giggles and shares a hint of ego.

“See my penis? His name is Dick.” He points at it again reeling her in.

“Yes. Hello Dick.” Oh, hell! She actually introduced herself to it. “I am Maria.”

“This is what happens to a guy when a beautiful woman is in the room. Dick gets all blown out of proportion. White Devil senses a gal, girl, and fights hard to come out to scare her. He can be a vicious critter sometimes. To be honest I’ve heard doctor’s say that White Devil likes the ladies. Hates us men though. He lives to cause us misery.”

“Does it hurt that bad? Dick looks ... purple.”

“Hurts terribly until you work it out. Recall my jerking off and that white stuff shooting out of my teeny tiny spout right here?” He taps his urethra as she examines it from a distance. “That’s where White Devil likes to attack from. In girls it’s different. As you know you don’t have a penis.”

“Mommy and Conchita call it Cenote. It means a deep hole with water in it.”

“No shit! Well, hello there, Cenote.” He slyly lifts her skirt to look at her cute well-groomed pussy. At least Esperanza showed her how to maintain herself instead of a rain forest between her legs. Shyly she presses her skirt back down. No fear, simply confused by why he did that. She was moist down there.

“I did not get a good look. You were too far away.”

“I’m closer now. Want me to show you what beauty does to a man? White Devil is throwing a fit right now inside me. These berries aren’t helping like they should.”

“They’re not?”

“The CDC ... that’s a medical organization, a place to help people battle illness. They help doctors in finding a way to ward off the White Devil. CDC stands for Curing Dick Calamity.” She was eating up every word he tossed at her. Box of boulders? Try Box of Planets. It was unbelievable how dim Maria truly was. She believed everything he said. He was convincing. “Berry juice helps but sometimes not for a guy. I hear females have a different body chemistry than us fellas, that’s why they have cute nurses to rub in the juices until White Devil gives up. Once he’s out of my system that gives me a few hours relief before he’s back at biting my insides. He hides out right here.” He lifts his dick and shows her his gigantic scrotum, full to the brim with cum. Just teasing her he was fueling up.

“He hides up inside there? He must be very big.”

“Only his spit. The spit builds up in White Devil making him grow until he releases it, then he gets smaller. It’s a constant battle. Just ask Owen and Tyson.”

“They have this problem too?”

“All men do. It’s a worldwide problem.”

“Maybe this is why Mommy kept me away from the world.” It made more sense to her now. “I am sorry you suffer Wiley.”

“We just have to live with it until there’s a cure. The one thing the doctors say is that females are the best short-term cure available. White Devil in males is attracted to girls. Their touch soothes him until he wants out to meet them. Supposedly that spit he hurls up helps gals ward off their own suffering.”

“I do not feel sick.”

“You’re lucky. I’m thinking it’s because you’re from Colombia. I hear it’s bad down there but not as painful as up here. I heard you caught your momma helping our daddy’s White Devil problem.”

“Was that why mommy was ... on Oscar’s ... is his named Dick too?” She points at his erection.

“Oh, no! Daddy calls his Buster. His Buster is waaay bigger than mine, so he suffers a lot more than us boys. Your momma’s job is to keep him happy and pain free. That’s why he’s spoiling her rotten. You might have to help your momma someday. If daddy’s pain gets too bad it takes more than one gal to ease his woes. That happens on occasion to all of us but not often. One gal’s help is usually enough.”

“This is all very scary.”

“If you’re going to live in this house, you can’t be spooked over things like this Maria. Grab a berry.” She instinctively goes after a strawberry. In her decision to choose a larger berry it meant grazing her knuckle on his crown. She freezes up watching his face at her accidental caress. He went into theatrics expressing pain.

“Fuck that hurt.”

“Forgive me Wiley. I did not mean to hurt you.”

“Relax!” He cringed but gave an Oscar performance. The award not his daddy. “I know you didn’t. I’m not mad.” He reaches an arm out and draws her closer into him to hug her. Kissing her forehead, she trembles. “No harm done Baby Sister. You’re shaking like a leaf. Everything, alright?”

“I hurt you, Wiley.” She grew weepy, tears welling in her innocent eyes, “These upsets me, even if you say it is okay.”

“Look kid, the pain goes away quick, but it is the only real way is for me to work out that White Devil. It’s a daily agony for men.”

“So, all of my brothers have this White Devil? You said all men.”

“Yep! All men deal with the pain. It’s how we embrace the pain that makes us a man.”

Tears withheld she bashfully looks up into his eyes without blinking, “You may fix your pain.”

“You’re the one that caused it to hurt. You fix it.” He chuckles as she lowers her jaw in shock.

“Me? I do not know how.”

“Well, like I said berry juice helps the pain, you did notice I wiped some on it earlier.” He counts on her naivety to keep her interest. “Also said a female’s sweat glands, body chemistry added to the berry juice is stronger than when a guy does it. I didn’t have any berry juice out by the pool yesterday, but did you notice the pain I had, I know my growls and grunts had to be loud. It takes everything I got to get him out. He fights back every time.”

“Yes. You looked pale.”

“It’s an old Indian trick. Berries help some but the real pain reliever is this.” He digs into his lowered sweats pocket for a small bottle of lube, showing it to her. “This stuff coats it and heats it up. Notice it says strawberry on the label here?” She nods reading it, “It neutralizes the pain until the White Devil ejects. Neutralize means calms the irritation. Too much hand friction makes Dick here sore. If he gets sore, then the real pain starts because then I can’t fight back.” She winces at the bottle poised before her eyes, “Indian’s make a killing bottling this stuff.”

“Oh! I am going to eat another berry.” Her attention span fades fast as she reaches in for another berry. Again, she grazes his crown, but this time on purpose. Expecting him to grit his teeth she looks up to see his eyes rolling back into his head. “Have I harmed you again Wiley?” She lifts up beneath his arm turning more to face him, placing her left hand on his chest without thinking. The slightest touch to his flesh sent electrical current throughout her entire body, she had no clue what her sensations meant.

“Hurt like a bitch. You keep doing that and you’re going to be the one jerking me off to ease the agony.”

“I will try if it eases your pain.”

“Naaaa! Much as I respect your offer I better not. I don’t think your momma would be too happy about you helping me out. She can help us boys when she gets home. It is only a month.”

“She does not know that I watched you by the pool or when you showed me Dick behind her back in the dining room. I did not want her to yell at me.”

“You kept it to yourself?”

“Yes. I will not tell her. I do not like when she scolds me.”

“I can understand that. Pact? I don’t tell, if you don’t?”

“Yes.” She smiles warmly, “If I may help you I will. Mother did tell me to try and bond with my new brothers. Helping you all will make me happy here. I want you all to like me.”

“That’s a good thing. All of us boys could certainly use your help. We can return the favor whenever you need something from us.”

“Like new clothes?” She peps up, “Mother told me you would take me shopping.”

“We can do that. You’re going to be spoiled in no time Squirt.”

“I like being spoiled. Mother spoiled me every day. Clothes, jewelry, perfume, massages. The only thing is, I was not allowed outside our home. We ordered everything in. Only mother was allowed out of our house. Conchita went home when mommy was back from work.”

“That sounds horrible. A cutie like you should be shown off. A lot of men out there in pain.” He laughs.

“I see now that this is why mother kept me isolated. She knew I was too young to be of help.”

“Probably so. I’m sure she’s helped a quite a few guys in her life. Maids often act like nurses. Alright! I’ll let you help me out. Trial basis?”

“I will do my best.” Her hand still on his chest she feels his heartbeat. She had not even realized her hand was loitering there. He didn’t tell her to back off so surely, he was alright with her close proximity. Blushing again she removed her hand and reached slowly down to ... procure another berry. Stealing it giggling she fed her lips with an alluring gaze.

“Thief.”

“I told you I adore berries.”

He sits the bowl into her lap and stands up to fully remove his sweats before sitting back down in all of his glory. His dick wagging about amused her. “Fuck even that hurt like crazy.”

“Show me what I must do.” She turns sideways completely and sits Indian style; in her unladylike posture he could see her cute little pussy. She hadn’t even considered that he might be looking until she notes his eyes lowered. The bowl in her lap concealed her as she trembled.

“Sorry. I shouldn’t be checking you out. Feel free to tell me to behave if my eyes get too nosey.”

“I should be wearing underwear. I did not have a matching set for this dress. Mother insisted I go without because she wanted Oscar to feel good about buying it for me.”

“Mom has a point. Statistics say a woman should never wear underwear to help ward off the female White Devil’s Daughter. Clothing for that matter. I hear it causes cancer. That’s why I try and stay naked. Now, my brothers, they work jobs, so they have to wear clothing.”

“What?” Her eyes bulge, “Underwear and clothes are bad?”

“Only what I’ve heard.”

“I ... would like to know more.”

“You had a computer at home?”

“No. My nanny looked up things for me and made copies of it from the city. Mom would not let me have a computer or a television. Only books.”

“Only for business. Don’t let daddy ever catch you using it, or he’ll spank you red.”

“I do not know how; you could make copies for me. He would do this?”

“We all learned our lessons the hard way growing up.” He touches his cock then gnashes his teeth, “Still hurts to high heaven.”

Unbeknownst to Maria she and Wiley were being observed by Matthew in his father’s office. Hearing his brother mention underwear and clothing causing White Devil he had to roll his eyes. Coyote’s ethics were ate up, but everything he was telling Maria was too perfect. Chuckling he set about making a fake medical report to share with Maria later. This game was just too much fun. Laughing about it he sent a text to his other brothers telling them to stop wearing underwear. Their reaction was priceless. Easy enough they concurred.

Back in the family room Wiley stroked his cock and applied lube to it, making it shiny, his eager thrusts making the lube squishy in sound. She was mesmerized by its reaction to his grip. Blushing she ate another berry almost seductively, her thoughts on her assistance coping with her nerves. “You sure you’re okay Maria? I don’t want you doing anything you don’t want to do.”

“I will watch for now.”

“Fair enough. The lube helps ease the soreness. If you’re too shy to help out I totally understand.”

“I will work on my shyness. I told mother that I would be a new person when she returned.”

“We’re all happy to help you Baby Sister.”

“I like being called that.”

“True ain’t it?”

“Yes. We are now related. I am much younger than all of you. So, I am the baby.”

“Exactly! It’s our job to guide you along. Maybe not so much like what I’m doing right now. I don’t want you to think we’re all as open as I am.”

“I will learn about each of you in time.”

“Absolutely! Move over here under my wing like you were earlier. I might need your support the more I rub this stuff in.”

She scoots back under his arm, and he hugs her tightly to his hip, rubbing her bicep briskly. The sensations made her bite her lower lip, her eyes flaring up beneath a shared gaze. “May I ask a question?”

“Sure.”

“Does it help that I am closer to you when you do this?”

“It does actually. While I’m in excruciating pain, the closeness of a beautiful woman eases the hardship. Like I told you the White Devil is attracted to the females. Closer the better.”

“I am getting goosebumps.”

“Too many strawberries. You might be breaking out in hives.”

“That is not true.” She giggles.

“Never know. I read a lot of medicine books. From what I’ve read goosebumps mean a person like being close to others. I know I like being close to you. How about you Maria?”

“I will get used to this closeness if it helps.”

“Helps more than you know Maria. Can you get even closer?”

“How do I do this that you ask?”

“You had your hand on my chest earlier. We can start there if you’re comfortable.”

Without a word she shifts in his grasp slightly, her left leg moving over his hip to settle in. Palming his chest, he notes her eyes sparkling at being able to touch him again. He nodded at her reaction, “Any closer?”

“How?”

“Let’s move your hand down some.” He leads her hand from his chest getting lube on her knuckles. Sliding her fingers down to his chiseled abs her heartbeat stormed her own chest.

“You are very fit.” She expels nasally.

“I work out. Not as heavily as Owen but I’m getting there.”

“Does my touch help?”

“Any touch helps Maria. It’s just the closeness that takes the fire out. Try putting your cheek on my chest.” She listens as she watches him stroke his cock below her hand.

Avoiding words Maria makes a surprising move on her own. Sliding her fingers down into his pubic hair she shivers at what she had managed to make herself do. “Better?”

“Hell, yes. Only thing better is if you took over. My hands getting wore out.”

She expresses tension but sighs and eases her hand down to gravitate over his meaty crown. “Touch him. It’s not going to bite you. Well, until that White Devil shoots out. You can’t be afraid of him. Sometimes staring right at him up close makes him crazy. Only time he might be painful to you is if he spits into your eye. Doctors say for a lady the male White Devil is good for the skin on a gal. More you apply the better your skin will get.”

“Does White Devil hurt when he comes out and gets on you?”

“Guys yes. Girl’s no. Doctors can’t explain why it works that way, but male White Devil controls the female version. The more a gal gets on her or in her the better it keeps her own body from being in pain. That’s why your momma was riding daddy. He shot White Devil right up into her. You saw how happy she was. Least that’s what Owen told me.”

“It did make mommy very happy. I have never done such a thing. I think I would like to just use my hand for now.”

“Perfect! Plenty of time for you to understand the world we live in here in Texas. It takes a real woman to ride Dick and Buster. Tyson calls his Bull. Owen’s is Curly. Matty is Boss. And Jacob is Big Doggy!”

“I see. I will try to remember their names.” Daring to place a finger on his crown his beast reacts making her jump back. “I think the White Devil knows I am near. He moved Dick as if sensing I was there.” His grip on her body held her firmly from evasion. Not that she was trying to escape, merely coping with her thoughts and emotions. “This is new to me.”

“Understood. Yeah, White Devil knows, he takes over Dick there and sometimes I can’t even control him.” He releases her arm and stretches back in the sectional, arms folding behind his head, “I’m not going to keep you here if you want go.”

“I do not wish to leave you in pain.”

“Now that makes me proud of you Baby Sister. A true Barnett, even if not in name. None of us would ever leave you hurting either.”

“Thank you. May I try again?”

“Go for it. Here let me put more lube on him.”

“May I do it?”

Puckering at her determination he squeezes the bottle over her palm and coats it. With a shiver at her future endeavor, she reaches down and hovers at his cock’s side, uncertain how best to approach it. Finally, Wiley lowers his hand and draws her fingers to his girth. Curling her fingers around him he lets out a growl of agony. “Fuck, that hurts. You have to get busy Maria. The more he stands there the more he throbs.”

“I can feel the throbbing.” She looks haunted.

“It’s the pain. Stroke him like I was doing.”

“Like this?” She moves up and down on his cock slowly.

“Faster. Grip it tighter to show him you mean business. Use both hands if you need to.”

“I will need to change positions if I am to use two hands.”

“Crawl up on your knees facing toward your job there.” She moves quickly and leans over his lap to return to her mission. In her current stance her ass was in the air, her skirt already short revealed her tight little heart shaped booty. Careful not to let her notice he pinched the skirt and lifted it for a succulent view of her tight butt pucker. Whistling silently, the Coyote howled.

“Am I doing it right?” She asked leering back at him. Again, his eyes were white. “Am I hurting you more? I cannot see your eyes.”

“Don’t stop. If you let him think he’s winning I’m going to start screaming. I’m just trying to fight off the torture he’s causing.”

She takes more interest in her mission. Doing her best, she increased her speed and rhythm in hopes that she was doing him service. Finding it fun she took time to admire his crown, eyes flaring at how purple and glossy it was. Further inspection she realized his balls were becoming even more bulbous and tight. Watching his scrotum dance about under her hand motions made her grin sheepishly. She was liking men, her mother’s distaste for letting her see the world for what it was hurt her feelings. Hearing Wiley groan she wasn’t certain if she was doing him justice. Still, he did tell her not to stop so she refused. Until he told her not to, she intended to bring out that nasty White Devil he said hurt him so much.

In his delirium of lust Wiley Barnett found himself unable to not touch her. His left hand slipping under her skirt to palm her spine made her jump and hesitate briefly. Knowing that he fucked up he quickly removed his hand and pulled her skirt as low as it could go. “Sorry Maria. I didn’t mean to do that. I meant to rub your back because you’re slumped over. It can’t be good on your posture. Only ... on top of the dress.”

She trembled heavily having been touched in places only her female nanny who was also her masseuse had been allowed to back in Colombia. Beet red she resumed her stroking, trying to overlook his hand which now rubbed the same spot but only outside her yellow skirt. She realized then that he could visually see her private parts, eyes flaring at the thought she felt caught between a rock and a harder place. “Wiley?”

“Yes, Baby Sister?”

“May I sit up and finish? I do not feel comfortable that you may look up my skirt.”

“Trying not to. See I have my eyes covered.” She looks back to find his right forearm over his eyes. “That’s why I accidently went up your skirt, because I was rubbing blind. Not saying I didn’t see your cute lil’ ass but it wasn’t intentional.”

“You think my tushy is cute?” She blushes even harder trying not to laugh.

“Don’t make me blush too. I’m trying to be a gentleman here.” He bluffed her.

“Would a gentleman want this of me?” She pauses to stare at his cock.

“OWWWWWWWWW!” He blurted, “DON’T STOP. IT’S ALREADY RESISTING YOU.”

Immediately, she returned to jerking him off, living with her predicament of Wiley being able to see her bottom. He grew smug that she was falling for his every word. Naïve was her middle name. Sensing his body quivering at her grip she brightens her eyes and dares to look back at Wiley without warning. “You are looking.”

Chuckling he reached up with both hands and grabbed her hips tickling her. She lost her grip briefly at his unexpected attack. She hated being tickled but found herself laughing uncontrollably. “Shit! What am I doing?” He retraces his hands, “The agony! I tried to make you loosen up but now I’m only suffering for it. Work it ... please.” He expressed pain and covered her butt again. “Don’t hate me, Sis.”

“I do not hate you. I do not like being tickled.”

“Couldn’t resist. I’ll keep my hands to myself.”

“Your eyes as well?”

“Not promising that. Just relax Maria.”

“I am trying to.”

“You’re getting close. I can feel the White Devil ready to shoot. Don’t get too close it might blind you. You can stare him in the eye but be ready to lift your chin.”

“Okay! So, it won’t burn my skin?”

“Not at all. It only hurts inside me, when it comes out and hits the air it becomes less potent. I know it sounds weird, but the White Devil is good for you once it’s out. Tasty even.”

“You taste it after White Devil spits it out?”

“I do. Recall that nondairy cream I mentioned outside? The White Devil is that cream. The male White Devil is often ingested ... eaten by women to ward off the female version. In my case it settles my tummy. I get heartburn after he leaves my body. Women across the world say male White Devil relaxes their body. Sometimes it pushes them to get their own out. Now, in the case of White Devil’s Daughter, guys eat the lady’s version which in turn slows the male agony some. Just not for long. Sooner or later the Doctors will have a breakthrough.”

“I do not think I want to try it.” She expresses distaste.

“You don’t have to. I’m just telling you it’s a delicacy. In some countries they can’t get enough of it. It’s like snails. Top dollar quality.”

“I do not like snails. I am vegan remember?”

“Yep. That’s it, Baby Girl. You’re there, lil faster and the agony will be over.”

“My hands are tired.”

“DON’T YOU DARE STOP NOW.” He bellows making her cringe. Realizing his mistake, he lays back and shuts up outside of his moans. She shook heavily but continued until he tensed up and before her eyes shot his load in a fit of serpentine shots of cum. Amazed by his powerful ejaculation she continued as more fountains out. Her face over his crown she screamed at shots across her lips and chin. Her knuckles covered in his cum she suddenly didn’t know what to do. “PERFECTION! Thank you, Baby Sis. I feel incredible now.”

“I am glad I could help ease your pain.” She sits up holding her wet fingers out wondering what to do outside of wiping them on her dress, which she did not want to do. Eying her stress Wiley reached over and picked her up dragging her to straddle his lap. Feeling his wet cock rubbing up under her dress along her butt crack she whimpered.

“That deserves a hug.” He pulls her against his chest and hugged her tightly.

“You are welcome. Wiley? White Devil is on my face. What do I do now?” She sighs with her chin on his shoulder, hands fearing touching him for getting him wet. Releasing her he let her sit up on him but took her by her wrists. Leading her fingers to his mouth he licked and sucked his jizz off of them. She began breathing heavily at his attentiveness. Not only that but his dick was dangerously close to her tight little virgin cunt. Afraid to move she just sat there in shock.

“Damn I taste good.” He held her middle finger between his teeth his tongue flicking its tip. Eying her fear he releases her hand, “Shit! I’m scaring the holy hell out of you. I didn’t mean to do that Maria.” He hesitates with a cringe before reaching over for the bowl of berries. In her shock she had not realized his fingers had slipped under her skirt and gathered trickles of cum from his balls just before picking up a strawberry. Rubbing his cum on it he guides it to her lips. “Forgive me?”

She glared at the poised berry upon its tempting arrival then devoured it with greed. Realizing a new taste her eyes brighten up. “See? Not as bad as you thought.”

“You tricked me.”

“Gave you a treat. Mad at me?”

“No.” She blushes, “White Devil is quite good.”

“Want some more?”

“We do not have any more.”

“Lift up a bit.” He coaxes her to rise in her seat over his lap. Taking another selected berry, he moves it under her skirt blindly and gathers more cum on it. Returning with even more white puddled up goodness he shows it to her. Her eyes trembling in their sockets she lets him bring it to her tongue, then her lips surrounding the fruit. “Suck on the berry.” She does so and rolls her own eyes back at the taste. “Good stuff, huh?”

“It was better than the first time.”

“There was more on it that time. Any time you want more of that you just come see ole’ Wiley Coyote.”

“Do you hurt often?”

“Every fucking day. I gotta say Maria, you sitting on me like this feels nice. Feels like family.”

“I find it awkward.” She leers behind her at her ass feeling his dick rubbing along it beneath her skirt.

“Of course. Hop off before I get too comfy.”

“You find my sitting on you comfy?”

“Very much so. I’m sure you don’t feel the same way, being new to a man, but we men love being close to a beautiful woman like this.”

“I am a girl.”

“You ain’t no silly girl. I see a very smart young woman. You might need to mature more but Sis, you have us Barnett’s to help you along.”

“I ... still feel like a girl. I want to show mommy I am a woman though.”

“You’re not hopping off very fast there, Baby Sister.” He notices her reluctance to move. She lowers her gaze to his chest and plants her palms on his pecs.

“It is comfy.”

“You just said it was awkward.” He laughs.

“Awkward, but comfy.” She hides her eyes bashfully. “I still don’t know what to do with White Devil on my face.” Playfully, Wiley licks her face and eats his nut. She laughed over his prickly beard stubble.

“There! All fixed.” He passed up another strawberry and fed her. In her chewing and staring at him without blinking she suddenly lunged and hugged his neckline; kiddy like in burying her face into his shoulder.

“I am glad that you are my brother.” Her tone melted his heart. Even Matthew watching over hidden cameras swallowed dryly. As a profiler for the FBI, he saw her naivety but also saw her soul. He had to get up and stretch. Only two rooms away it was not hard to reach the family room. One of three in the manor.

“Well now! Ole’ Coyote is proud to be your big brother. I don’t want you to get the wrong impression of me Sis, so it might be better if you climb off of my lap before he starts hurting again.”

Before she could cooperate, Matthew took a stroll into the family room with his hands in his pockets. “What are you two doing?”

“Getting to know one another. Our new sister is mighty helpful Matthew. I was just telling her about White Devil.”

“Don’t remind me. I just fended him off in the office. Vicious fucker snuck up on me.” Matthew winces.

“You do not need my help, Matthew? Is Boss hurting you?” Matty wanted to laugh, having heard the nickname of his penis thanks to Wiley’s creative stupidity.

“I appreciate the offer. Boss is fine for now. I’m sure there will come a time I’ll be grateful to accept your offer. You have a lot to learn Maria. This world has gone to hell. Hopefully, Fiji helps daddy. He’s suffering bad in his old age. Esperanza’s youth will help him heel better.”

“Oh, yeah!” Wiley sat back drawing Maria over his chest as Matty stood behind her opposite the coffee table. In drawing her forward Matty saw her tight little clam glossed up by Wiley’s leftover droplets. She was clinging to Wiley and cuddling up. “I did forget one detail from that CDC report. Girl’s that are sixteen to eighteen do show signs that help the older males control their pain threshold.”

“What is threshold?” Lifting tiny Maria, a tad higher in his lap his giant cock slipped into her inner thighs, the crown pointed right up at her vulva area. Eyes flaring Maria reacted to how close he was.

“None of that threshold stuff Coyote. The female threshold is for Esperanza. Male threshold is what you saw daddy and Esperanza dealing with in his bedroom. Maria isn’t woman enough to know about thresholds.”

“Tell me!” She did try to lift away from Wiley’s big wet erection. It was too close to Cenote. Cute how Cenote and Coyote were so similar in spelling. “I want to know.”

“Not today. Some things should come as you get older.”

Poo! Then, I will go to my room now. Thank you for showing me how to be helpful Wiley.” She leans forward and gives him a peck on the cheek. In easing back down Wiley had moved his erection higher toward his abdomen so that when she sat back his penis rolled right over her clitoris. The stimulation made her squeal and apologized with her eyes for the outburst.

“Trying to make me deaf Baby Sister?” Coyote winced and put a fingertip in her ear wiggling it about. “Go on to your room. We’ll call you for dinner. Oh, remember what I said about underwear.”

“That is not true.” She smirks.

“Tell her, Matthew. Isn’t it a medical fact that underwear of any kind is bad for the health. Clothes too.”

“Definitely, not good. Here, I’ll prove it.” Matthew takes his cell out of his pocket and looks up his fake medical report indicating how dangerous underwear is specifically to younger women. Showing her as she stands up and shuffles around the sectional to face Matthew she claims his cell, never once in her life seeing one. She was in awe of technology. In Colombia, Esperanza hid her own cell very well in order to know when clients required her services. Maria never once knew she had one. Eyes bulging, she reads the fake document and pouts, “Why did my mother not tell me of this? I will never wear panties or bra again.”

“Tight clothing is just as bad. Looser the better.” Matthew squeezes her shoulder. “Even this cute dress here could be hazardous to your health.”

“I do not wish to go naked.”

“Course not. Not that picturing that is bad.” Matthew chuckles.

“See Maria? Even Matty thinks you have a cute ass.” Wiley jokes leering upward in his slouch.

“You do?” She hands his cell back then fidgets.

“Not trying to make you feel uneasy Kid.” Matty scowls, “You are pretty perfect.”

“Thank you. I will go to my room now.” She twists on her heel and scurries away leaving the men to share a devious smirk. Giving her time to reach her bedroom they switch on the television monitoring of her room. Within they watch Maria disrobe and feel her ass. She was still damp of Wiley’s jizz and went so far as to sniff her fingertips.

“Ohhhh, yeahhh! Maria’s hooked. Eavesdropping paid off. Good move comin’ up with that medical report.”

“Too early to tell. Don’t push things. Let the other boys have their moments to sort out her thoughts. I will say this ... the kid is beyond naïve.”

“Better for us.”

“True.”

Lifting his bowl of strawberries Wiley shared the wealth.

“Berry?”

“Fuck you, you sick bastard.”

“Worked on Shortcake.”

Matthew rolled his eyes and left Wiley to his fruit. He would return to the office to watch Maria take a bubble bath. Matty even found it in himself to jerk off at his desk a second time. Highbone could clean up his mess. It was ironic that all of Maria’s hygiene products were strawberry in scent.

Strawberry shortcake did sound appetizing.

Matty would pick his own berries from the garden.
