Busted at the Beach Resort
by Humilatron 

“Hands against the wall now!”

Caitlyn, Janet, Megan, and Kelsey all had their hands pressed against the wall, freaking out. How did they get here?

It all started just one week ago. Caitlyn had the bright idea to arrange a little prank. It was supposed to be one of those fun youtuber pranks where they would pretend to shoplift but ultimately pay for all the items once the cameras turned off. They did this every day and the videos would all gain millions of views.

This day, however, they were just casually at the beach. Maybe the resort was tipped about their previous viral videos because as they walked by the building, suddenly they were surrounded by resort staff. “Hands in the air! Get against the wall!”

All four girls looked terrified as they pressed their palms against the wall. “You think we wouldn’t know what you’ve been up to?!” the manager yelled. “We saw those videos of you four stealing items from local shops.”

“Please…” Janet tried to say.

“Silence! We’re going to get the cops, but first,” the manager said. “We’re going to strip you to make sure you don’t have anything on your person at this moment.”

The girls gasped as four guys approached and began peeling their clothes off. “We don’t have anything!” Megan cried. “We promise!”

“Tell it to the judge. You’re all looking to spend 5 years each for the amount you’ve stolen. Laws are different in this country,” the manager said.

Soon the girls were just in their bikinis which they wore underneath. “You see we don’t have anything!” Caitlyn cried. “Please let us go.”

“I saw those videos,” the manager said. “Y’all were stuffing items in your tits and up your privates.”

Megan wailed. “Caitlyn, this was all your idea!”

“Yeah, you said we would be internet famous!” Kelsey cried.

The manager chuckled. “Oh… you’ll get your fame alright… now gentlemen, strip their bikinis off.”

The girls all cried as their bikinis were pulled off their bodies leaving them naked outside as the crowd slowly got bigger. Their bare asses were on full display.

“Look at you girls all naked,” the manager said. “How does it feel to be exposed to everyone now! Oh look there’s the news van now! You said you wanted to be famous? Well there’s your fame.”

The girls all gasped as they saw big cameras being taken out of the vans. “Oh no! Some of those cameras are American!” Kelsey cried. “Everyone back home is going to see! Where is the police!”

“Like I said,” the manager said. “Laws are different in this country, now, ladies bend down and arch your backs. It’s time to make sure you don’t have anything up your privates.”

The girls complied, exposing their buttholes as their cheeks spread apart. The manager had the guys put their fingers up their butts for a very public cavity search. “Now turn around.”

The girls couldn’t believe the humiliation as their full frontal was on display while the guys put their fingers up their vaginas. Unfortunately all of them had special Brazilian waxes done before coming on vacation so each one of them were completely bare and on display.

“Please,” Megan cried. “We learned our lesson!”

“We won’t steal ever again!” Caitlyn sobbed.

“Let us go!” Kelsey whimpered.

“I can’t believe this is happening!” Janet cried.

The manager chuckled. “I’m glad you four have learned a very important lesson,” the manager said. “The police aren’t coming, but if you want your clothes back before you go back home, you’re going to do one more thing.”

“What?!” Caitlyn cried.

——
The girls knocked on the door utterly humiliated. “H-house keeping!” Caitlyn called out.

A man with a big grin opened the door. “Hello ladies, hope you don’t mind. My room is a bit of a mess, but I’ll gladly watch as you all clean. Hehehehe.”

The entire stay they were responsible for cleaning rooms and working in the beach resort completely naked from head to toe. So many patrons came to visit the now humiliated pranksters.

Finally it was their last day at the resort and they were ready to go home. They approached the manager hoping for their clothes back as they stood in the front lobby. The manager grinned as they stood in front of him, begging for their clothes. “I’m sorry, but I have reason to believe the clothes you packed were also stolen in your videos,” the manager said. “So you won’t be receiving them back at all. In fact, you’re not getting anything back except your legal documents.”

The manager handed each girl their passport and boarding passes. The girls stared at them in surprise. “P-please no…”

“We did everything you asked…”

“We cleaned all of the rooms naked…”

“We serviced all those patrons…”

“They all saw us naked…”

“Please give our clothes back!”

The manager laughed. “I couldn’t even if I wanted to. It was confiscated by the government,” the manager said. “Now, go. You don’t want to miss your flight.”

The girls were forced to call a cab and ride completely naked in the car. All the way to the airport. So many people were pointing and laughing at the four naked tourists.

They went through the entire airport naked. They finally reached security. “Haha… sorry girls, but you’re all being stopped for cavity searches. Get against the wall,” the male TSA agent said.

The girls were felt up and down as the TSA agent stuck his finger up their buttholes and vaginas. They boarded the plane going back home to California.

They finally got off the plane only to be met with a huge crowd of people. “Oh my gosh it’s them!”

“Hahaha it was real?! No way!”

“I thought it was all fake!”

Caitlyn shrieked as there on every television screen was plastered an image of all four girls completely naked against the wall. And another shot of them facing front. Their naked bodies were everywhere with a scrolling text. “YouTube Pranksters Taught a Naked Lesson, Shoplifters Busted by Foreign Government” all four of their names were included too.

“We’re never going to live this down!” Caitlyn cried.

“Oh God,” Kelsey said as they made their way through the crowded airport all there to see the naked YouTubers.

They had gotten the internet fame they had wanted, but at what cost?
