Week In Lauderdale-By-The-Sea
by LostDreamer79

Week In Lauderdale-By-The-Sea Pt. 01

We used to vacation in Lauderdale this is one of those trips.

We were staying on A1A across the street from the beach at Lauderdale By The Sea, this the last summer that the Candy Store was open, so some of you may remember how long ago this was. We were there on vacation planning on doing some sunning, scuba diving, and partying at the beach clubs.

We arrived late Sunday evening after driving in from North Carolina. We had packed light because we were not planning on doing a whole lot of anything except relaxing. Everything I brought was small, little and short and as promised my husband, I brought no panties or bras with me, neither of which I wore very often anyway. Although I sometimes wore a thong under my really short skirts if we were just out shopping, dancing not so much.

It had gotten late by the time we had unloaded the truck; I had stripped off my clothes, which wasn't much, a pair of "way to short" jean shorts and a cropped men's tank top tee shirt. I put on a 2X-large men's tank top; I use it for a cover-up sometimes over my bikinis. I traded it on a dare with a biker in Myrtle Beach, we swapped shirts in a bar with several on-lookers, he just wore my bikini top as a neckless.

My husband loves it because it has large arm holes and when I turn just right, a boob has been known to slip out, but it is long enough that you can't tell if I am wearing shorts or not under it. We were just sitting around relaxing when we realized we had not eat'in anything yet, and my tummy was telling me I was hungry.

My husband suggested we go next doors and eat at the club with the outside tables. I told him I didn't feel like getting dressed again, so he got up, grabbed my hand and we headed out the door him saying, "You don't have to, wear what you have on."

There were not a lot of people on the streets so I guess it was ok, we had never been to this part of Fla before and I didn't realize how much I could actually get away with not wearing proper clothes wise, but I was to learn before the week was over!

I have always been a bit of a showoff, so I was ok with a little flaunting of my assets. Which I am told are worthy of flaunting more than I do. I am a 28-year-old blonde with crystal blue eyes, about 5' 4", oh about 125 pounds but all in the right place, guess you would call me a soft body. Small "C" chest sometimes a big "B", depending on what I put on, the time of the month and how its cut, and a butt that is killer in or out of clothes (so I'm told). Oh and I keep my little friend shaved most of the time, as it is for our trip to Florida.

Well, we got to the bar next doors and the only seats available were at the tall tables with glass tops and the typical bar chairs you have to use the rail to step up on to sit, you know the ones that sit up high. The waitress was there in a flash as I struggled to get in the tall chair and stay in my shirt, but it wasn't working very well. As I was looking at the server's T-shirt, which had a lot of cuts across it all over, showing off a lot of skin, barely covering her nipples, she motioned to me to look down at my shirt.

I had twisted a bit and one breast was completely hanging out my shirt. I smiled and thanked her and straightened my shirt back up, to my husband disappointment. Although when I leaned forward, if you were in the right place, you could just about see completely through the inside. I told the girl to bring me a tequila shot and a beer, I needed to unwind.

Not being too busy she was back in only a few minutes with our drinks.

I shot down the tequila and chased it with the beer, then we ordered wings and mushrooms, as the sun was going down. The evening went on as we just relaxed and did a bit of people watching and being watched, we continued to drink the beers and I could feel my buzz creeping up on me!

My husband told me he wanted to see more of me, and I asked, "What he wanted to see?"

"Legs" he said,

I looked down and told him, "If I showed any more, I would get in trouble!"

He said, "Look around, no one will even notice."

I giggled at his requests while evaluating the people seated around us and those passing on the sidewalk, felling no pain. I just spread my knees a little showing him what he wanted to see, although people on the street had a better view than he did. It was dark, so unless someone was paying attention, they would miss my little show.

Feeling brave, I finally just hooked my legs behind the chair legs and finished eating very un-lady like. I few people slowed to look at me, most trying not to be too obvious as to what they were doing. My husband enjoying my exposure more than I was, even though it felt extremely erotic to be on display like I was.

We finished eating and decided to walk on down the street to see what was around and where we could go and play while we there on vacation. As we walk my husband continued to try and show me off pulling on my shirt causing my tits to slip out one side or the other. Guys in the little bars were calling to us to come and drink with them. I was not done partying yet and a bit giggly enjoying the attention and exposure.

We stopped and had a few beers in one of the little pubs. Some friendly guys and my husband talked me into playing a game of pool, at first not realizing what was up, I soon found out. Every time I would bend over to shoot, one or both tits would come out my shirt and anyone standing behind or to the side of me had a good view. On some shoots people could see down the sides and through to the bottom as well, revealing the fact the T-shirt was all I was wearing.

I was too the point I didn't care, I was 700 miles from home and no one knew me here!

We returned to our seats at the bar, facing toward the band this time to people watch and be watched as before, my husband kept running his hand up my thigh trying to keep my shirt pushed higher on my thighs, I knew what he wanted, he wanted to show off my bare pussy.

It was getting late, I reached around to the bar feeling the material sliding off my boob. I started to fix it but my husband quietly whispered, "Leave it." It felt so wild sitting there like that, I finally hooked my feet back again like at the Candy Store where we sat out front for dinner, with me on display.

This time when he pushed the shirt up my thigh, it stayed near my waist. What a rush that was, tit out, legs spread and shirt covering nothing down there. The looks were turning me on getting me a bit excited. We finished our drinks and I told him it was time we headed back, it was going to be an early morning, he wasn't overly excited to leave.

We headed back down the street toward the hotel, he did his best to keep turning the shirt so my boob would slip in and out while we walked. Back at the hotel he was pulling my shirt off before we got to the room, we made out while he tried to open the door with me leaning against it, the key card in one hand my blue tank top in the other. Let me tell you the exhibitionism was well worth it, making us both hungry for each other.

We had planned to catch a dive boat in the morning, knowing we had to get some rest we fell asleep around 1:30.

The next morning started out to be a wonderful day, calm seas and getting hot quick. We loaded the truck and headed south toward Hollywood. I was wearing my wicked weasel yellow thong bottoms and triangle top, covered with a regular white men's tank top t-shirt. We checked in at the boat, stored our dive gear and snacks then waited for the boat to depart.

While we were sitting around talking a big boat came down the ICW, there were several very busty girls sitting up front on the bow sunning. One of the other dives hollered at them "show us your tits" and I was surprised when two of them pulled their tops off and waving them at us.

"Wow"! I thought, "Girls can get away with about anything down here".

It wasn't long and we headed out to the dive site, everyone began milling around setting up their gear, I just watched! I pulled off my t-shirt and just stood around watching my husband get my gear ready, all the guys seemed to be interested in striking up conversation with me, must have been the tiny yellow bikini I was barely in, but I didn't mind I like being the center of attention. One thing about wicked weasel bikinis, no linings at all.

The dive master told us we were about 10 minutes out, so to everyone disappointment I pulled on a dive skin expecting the water to be a little chilly.

When we got in the water and too the bottom, I realize how warm the water actually was; I told my husband by way of his dive slate, I was going back up and I would be right back.

When I got to the surface, only a boat hand and the captain were on board. I got them to pull me and my gear out the water so I could peal out of the dive skin. Both of them were too happy to help me get out of it, as they pealed it off they were pleased to see my bikini was see thru and my nipples were poking through the material and the bottoms were molding to my lips.

They told me next time when I get to the top to release my straps and they would pull my BC and tank out so I wouldn't have to climb out with it on. They helped me back into my gear and I was back to the bottom to continue the dive in minutes.

It was a great dive, it felt so cool to be almost naked swimming with the fishes.

When our time was almost up, we headed back to the surface to get back on the boat. At the surface most of the other divers were back on board, having entered the water before us, and were waiting for us.

I handed up my fins and weight belt and then as the captain said before I re-entered the water, remembering he told me to release my strap to the BC and lean forward and he would pull my gear onboard for me, which I did, and it was so much easier. I was just about to the top of the ladder when I realized my top was untied from around my neck and I was on display to everyone on the boat, what the hell I figured, I climbed the rest of the way up and then retied my top once I got on board.

The guys all moaned when I retied it, telling me they had all seen me and that I should just leave my top off now.

Laughing, "Naaa... not this time" I told them, although it was a awesome feeling.

We did our next dive and I managed to stay in my top this time. But after we finished the dive and we were putting our gear in our bags, I slipped my tee shirt back on and then untied my top and pulled it out from under it. Of course, the wet bikini top had made the tee shirt almost transparent, so I did put on a bit of a wet tee shirt show of my own.

Later that afternoon we stayed on the beach getting sun, I was a bit disappointed to see that it was mostly gay guys there and no girls were laying out topless. So, I just did my usually thing, mirror sunglasses on, slide the bikini triangles over as far as I could, untied my top from behind my neck, then pretended to sleep and let my top fall down to get a little extra sun on my tits. Even though many of the guys were gay, a lot still took their time passing checking me out.

When I flipped over later, my husband took joy in not only untying the string at my back but pulling my top from under me, which I allowed him to do of course. I loved the feeling of knowing the only thing I had on was the tiny string thong, and with my feet apart, it hid little.

Later that evening we ordered pizza and ate it by the pool, me in a oversized tank top again. We made an early night of it and went to bed a bit exhausted.

Tuesday was to be a beach day, I started out in my smallest wicked weasel thong and top, the top is actually more of an "A" size top, so I barely stayed in that one. I headed across the street; my husband headed out on a Golfing trip for the day. I got a few comments from the guys in passing cars, as I made my way to the beach. Hurrying to across the street, the sign flashing not to cross, I all but bounced out of my top with half of my big right nipple peeking out, good thing it didn't cuz, I would have had to wait till I got across the street to put myself back together as my hands were full.

I ask two other girls who were laying out already if they minded if I joined them, I had seen them at our hotel the day before, and they seemed friendly enough and invited me to join them. One of them, Donna, was an Italian looking girl with jet black hair and olive skin, wearing a thong and top similar to mine, but she was in hers. She had a soft body like me, a little more than a handful of tits and a very round butt. The other, Jessie was a strawberry blonde with hair down to her butt almost, and skinny as a rail, almost flat chested, with pale skin, she was in a cover everything modest bikini.

I set up my chair made my adjustments again and sat down, I untied my top and just let the weight of the string slowly easy the top off my tits. I pulled my top back up a few times, not wanting the girls I had just met, to think bad of me. But they did seem to watch me to see how far I would let it go each time.

I later flipped over and asked if one of them would untie me and they both jumped at the chance it seemed, but Donna sitting next to me reached over and untied both my strings. I felt it strange that here I was on a beach covered with gorgeous guys, half naked, and the only ones to even give me a second look are two other girls.

I later notice a few young men, maybe in their early 20's I would guess, on bikes had stopping to admire us from the sidewalk. I decided I would make their day and sat up on my elbows to allow them a good look at my breasts, keeping my nipples barely hidden, as I pretended to read my book. I think it was exciting me, as much as them as I felt my nipples getting hard. I asked the girls why no one on this beach goes topless and they didn't know either.

I figured it was time to see if I could get away with it and turned over, dropping my top in my bag. Donna said, "I wish I was as brave enough to do that."

I told her she was and reached over and pulled her strings loose, she didn't put up any fight at all, like she wanted me to do it for her. She was much smaller than me but very perky, she had been tanning a lot, even with her olive skin her breast were very white and almost glowed against her tan except for her almost dark chocolate colored nipples.

She turned about 12 shades of red, but she didn't put her top back on. Jessie said, "You won't catch me doing that," and when Donna reached for the back of her top, she took off running. She came back and asked that we don't do that to her, she would die if we did, and anyone saw her.

"If I had tits like you guys I would do it too, but I just don't have anything to show off," so we left her alone and enjoyed our nakedness. No one ever came and told us we needed to cover up, so we stayed that way all day.

Later, I told them we would be at the Candy Store for some dancing if they wanted to join us. They said they might just do that!

When my husband got back from golfing, I had already got a bath and had picked out my minimal clothing for dancing. I told him he needed to get ready because I was ready to go party. He asked if we could stay in tonight, I told him he could, but I was going dancing.

I slipped on one of his favorite outfits, a short black micro mini skirt, a lace see-thru sleeveless cropped top that came to just under my boobs and leaving my shoulders bare, a shortie black jacket with two buttons which I left unbuttoned, my two-inch open toe heels, and out the door I went.

It was like a meat market when I walked in, lots of guys and a not near as many girls there, with at least two guys to every female if not more! As I walked to the bar to get a drink, I felt my jacket already beginning to gap open in the front. When I got to the bar the guy standing there asked, "what are you drinking?"

I said, "tequila and a beer", he quickly filled my order, handing it to me and said it was paid for, amazing what a little skin will get a girl.

I shot down my tequila and was chasing it with my beer, shortly after that while sipping my beer, my too friends came up to me. Donna put my outfit to shame when I saw her getting closer to me, she was wearing a black fish net dress over black panties and a half bra that allowed her dark nipples to just peek a little at the top. Poor Jessie was in a little button up the front sundress, with string ties for shoulder straps, her white bra straps showing.

They were such opposites, but they were best friends and that is all you need. We got three more shots of tequila and shot them down, Donna told Jessie you better be careful you know what that stuff does to you, she said she knew but it was a short crawl home.

I grabbed the guy that bought me my drinks and the four of us headed to the dance floor. I was buzzing already, from I guess partial dehydration, nothing to eat all day and the tequila. The music was loud, and we were having a blast dancing with my newfound friends, it was then that I noticed that Donna had on G-string panties, and her butt showed thru the back of her dress.

After a few numbers we headed back to the bar for more drinks, I ordered another shot and a beer, as did Donna and Jessie. Donna told Jessie, "That is you limit,"

She giggled and said she knew that. Donna told me she will be about ripped once that second shot kicks in. We drank them down and headed back to the dance floor, sure enough a few minutes later Jessie had that "I'm fucked up" look on her face.

By now, I was feeling no pain either and had started to get hot in the jacket I was wearing, so I slid my jacket off to cool down a bit. I went over to the side of the dance floor and put my Jacket over one of our chairs. I could feel my tits trying to bounce out of my lace top, the bottom like they had been all night but were out of sight, not they anyone who wanted to see my tits could not. The fact that they were not in the least bit obscured by the lace, made it more exciting.

I danced back toward my friends and started dirty dancing with Tom and when I raised my arms above my head, I already knew from past experiences, my tits would partially come out the bottom of my top showing off a lot of under boobs, my husband love it when I wore this top.

I then moved Jessie, so she was dancing up close with Tom, the guy who we had been dancing with. I asked Donna if she was ready to get Jessie to loosen up some, she smiled and said "sure, I can blame whatever happens on you!"

I told her to follow my lead. We danced in close to Jessie, dancing close to her sandwiching her into Tom. I told Jessie we had to get rid of these silly looking bra straps that were hanging down, she just gave me a silly smile like she didn't even understand what I said.

So I pulled one strap down and over her hand and then Donna did the other. We kept dancing close to her, touching her butt, running our hands up and down her body. She was in her own world. I unhooked her bra and as we danced, I slowly pulled it out her dress and she never noticed it, it was one of those super padded models.

I handed it to Donna, and she just tossed it over her shoulder. Donna leaned over and said we got to do better than that, I ask her if Jessie could do another shot, she said yeah but we might have to carry her back to the hotel.

I told her I would be happy to help her. Off we were to the bar again leaving Tom dancing with a few other girls. I asked Jessie how she felt.

"Wonderful" she said, "But I am thirsty." I ordered another round, handed her another shot and a beer, she downed the beer like water, then just stood there watching the dance floor lights, Donna asked her, Are you ok sweetie?"

She said, "Yeah let's dance," and did the shot and headed back to the dance floor. Donna told me to start working on the buttons of her dress. We all three danced close again, me in front of her and Donna behind her, then I noticed Donna reaching around and undoing the top buttons on her dress.

I reached down and undid the bottom one. There weren't but five and she had two undone already while I was doing the one. She was, unknowingly, flashing her small pink nipples, she was really, like I said earlier, flat chested but she had thick hard noticeable nipples, they were quarter size, almost the same color as her skin.

She was clueless as to what we were doing to her. Tom saw us and danced back over to us; he had a surprised look on his face when he noticed Jessie's dress unbuttoned. I started pulling her dress strap down, she would feel it tickling her arm and pull it back up, I did that several times, each time her tiny tit and hard nipple would completely show.

Finally, Donna reached up and untied one of the strings allowing her top to drop away and open exposing her tit, but she just kept on dancing. Donna started to untie the other one and I stopped her, I told her that her dress would fall off if she did, she laughed and said she knew that, I told her to wait a little bit.

Everyone was enjoying Jessie's little show when Donna undid another button. I could not believe her best friend was doing this to her, the front-left side of her dress was hanging to the side, almost like a toga and her white panties were showing from what little bit of dress she still had on. Then she grabbed Donna and hung on her, telling her she had to pee really bad, but she needed help getting there.

So off we went to the lady's room. Everyone was laughing and pointing at Jessie in her state of undress. We made it to the rest room and Donna had to help her lift her dress, pull her panties down then help her sit down.

We talked and waited for Jessie to finish, I giggled, and then I told Donna how mean she was, she laughed too. We open the door and Jessie was sleeping where Donna had left her.

This ain't good, I thought to myself. Donna reached down and started to pull her panties back up, but then said, "You know it would be easier to just take them off of her, wouldn't it?"

And Donna just pulled them off of her limp legs. I asked Donna, "how are you going to get a naked girl out of her, down the street and back to your room?"

She said giggling, "She ain't naked yet!"

Donna then lifted her out of the stall and leaned her against the sink, she had the cutest red bush, which was on display as well as her one little titties. Donna than asked me to help her get her to one of the sofas in the club, so with me on one side and Donna on the other, we kind of carried her to one of the sofas and sat her down.

She was gone, passed out, one little tit and nipple still on display and her bush was for the most part on display as well! We sat there and rested a minute laughing at her, and what we had done.

Donna asked if I wanted another beer, I said yes and off she went. I watched Jessie and walked over to get my jacket, as she ordered our drinks, then she motioned me over to her. She said she needed another dollar and a tip. I gave it to her and we waited for our beers. When we got them, we head back to Jessie, still passed out, but two young guys had taken our places.

The one on the left was shaking her shoulder and trying to get her to talk to him. The other one was just staring at the half naked girl they had found. We just stopped and watched as he tried to get a response from her, then he reached down and undid her last button, very carefully like he didn't want to wake her, and opened her dress up all the way down both sides.

A few more guys were now crowded around watching them. Then he reached up and untied the other tie letting her dress fall off her body completely leaving her total naked and on display. When the guy on the right pulled her legs apart and started to play with her, Donna said, "ok that's enough," and headed toward them to get Jessie.

Donna pushed her way through the wall of guys to get to Jessie and stopped them, asking them, "What the hell do you think you are doing to her?" Donna reached down and started pulling her up to get her out of there, the two guys jumped up and taking her dress and headed across the bar with it.

I told Donna, "Now she is naked!"

I put my jacket back on and we half-carried her toward the door across the dance floor, when Tom saw us and asked if we needed any help, Donna said sure can you carry her to the hotel for us. He easily scooped her up and said, "Lead the way."

When we go to the door the guy said you can't go out there with her like that the cops are hanging around tonight, so I took off my jacket and sorta covered her chest up. Out the door we went, and after about a block the jacket fell off of Jessie, Tom said not to cover her back up, it was his payment for carrying her home. When we got back to the hotel, I left them to get poor Jessie to her bed.


Week In Lauderdale-By-The-Sea Pt. 02

A week of exposure in Laderdale.

Wednesday Morning came way too early, we decided to do a beach dive today, I helped get everything ready. All we had to do was to walk across the street, down the beach and into the ocean to start our dive. After he had everything hooked up and was ready to dive, I told my husband, "I will be ready in just a minute let me go and change out of the tee shirt and into a little bikini."

He told me to wear what I had on, it was a man's white tank top tee shirt, the kind girls cut up and wear for wet "T" shirt contests.

Giggling, I quickly agreed knowing I would draw a little bit of attention after the dive, maybe a bit before.

He told me to grab the towels, water bottles and small stuff we could leave on the beach, he would make two trips with the tanks and BC's. We were off, as we crossed the street, I stepped in front of him because it felt like my butt was peek out the bottom of the tee shirt and asked, "Can you see my ass when I walk?"

He said, "A little, but no more than if you had a thong on".

We got on the beach, and I spread out our towels and water bottles on the sand while he ran back to get my BC. I made a point of bending over and showing off to the gay guys next to us. While I waited, I walked over asking them if they would mind keeping an eye on our stuff while we did our dive, knowing with them looking up at me, they were well aware of my lack of any swim wear under my tank top.

One of them, smiling up at me said, "I would be happy too, enjoy your dive!"

I smiled back knowing what he was looking at.

When my husband got back, he helped me into my BC and weight belt. I grabbed my fins and mask then headed to the water. As soon as I got wet it was clear to anyone watching that the tee shirt was all I had on as it clung to my body like a second skin, as the small waves washed in and out, covering then revealing my ass as I continued farther off the beach into the gradually deeper water.

My husband caught up to me, telling me everyone loved watching that ass after I got wet. We swam out to the second reef before dropping down for our dive, it felt so cool being almost naked again diving and thinking about the show I was about to put on when I got out of the water, whether I wanted to or not.

I enjoyed the feeling of the shirt just hanging loose, floating around my waist leaving me bottomless for my husband's enjoyment.

The dive was great we saw lots of fish and a nurse shark and then headed to the beach.

As we approached the shoreline, I stopped and sat down in about waist deep water and started peeling out of my gear, as was my husband. He carried all his gear to where I had laid our towels and came back to get my stuff. I looked down and the material of the tee shirt clung to my wet breasts like I was in a wet tee shirt contest.

He grabbed my tank and BC, I had my fins and mask, still wearing my weight belt, he grabbed my arm to help me get to my feet. When I stood up, I felt the material of my shirt pulling tight against my body. The weight belt was pulling my wet tee shirt down exposing a lot on skin around my shoulders, sides and chest. To the point that the arm holes had stretched down past my tits.

As soon as I got to the towels, I dropped my weight belt, but it had already done a number on my tee shirt. My husband headed toward the street side showers to rinse his gear before heading to the room.

An older gentleman walked up and asked about the dive, we started talking and I told him about the fish, shark and coral we saw, then his boyfriend came over to him and asked if he was coming back to join him. He told him he was discussing my dive and he would be there in a minute. The whole time his eyes were looking me up and down at my nearly naked body.

His younger boyfriend just stood behind him steaming like a jealous girlfriend, so I figured I would add a little fuel to the fire and hooked my thumbs into the already stretched out arm holes and the pulled my hands together below my tits. This caused a little more of my breasts to spill out the sides and squeeze them to the center making more cleavage. As we talked his eyes stayed fixed on my breasts like he was waiting for one of them to be totally exposed.

I continued to tease him, applying the pressure down, further stretching the tee shirt as we talked and even pulled it out a little to allow more skin to show. He wouldn't even look up at me by this point, so I finally asked him if he liked what he was looking at so hard.

He then looked up and me and said, "Why yes, you have a very nice body and I can see most of it thru that tee shirt, so yeah hard is a good way to describe it"

Then his boyfriend asked him again if he was coming back with him or not?

With that I lifted my shirt a bit allowing my tits to move back into their normal place, this allowing both of them to spill out the sides of my shirt, as I grinned at him with an evil grin.

And off the guy's boyfriend went stomping down the beach. The old guy thanked me for telling him about the dive and the little show, then adjusting himself, turned to go back to his chair and his boyfriend.

I adjusted my shirt as best I could and sat down to wait for my husband to return. When he came back, he grabbed my BC and tank, he asked me to bring all the rest of the stuff to the shower so we can wash it off too, then I can come back and sun. I wasn't sure if he wanted help or to show me off at the shower mere feet from A1A.

I grabbed the rest of the lite gear and followed him to the shower. He washed off my BC and stepped aside to allow me to wash the other stuff off. Washing the salt from the masks and fins, and the cold water began to wet my shirt again causing my nipples that were about to spill from the sides of the stretched out top to harden and poke against the wet material.

When I had finished, I was a quite wet again, causing the material of the shirt to cling in the right places on my body. A few guys had stopped to check me out while I washed the gear off. I asked my husband to take my BC back to the room and I will wait here and rinse the gear so when he came back it would be ready.

As soon as he stepped across the street, I stepped into the shower causing my tee shirt to almost disappear allowing the shirt to mold to my body completely showing every curve I had, and I had to keep moving the shirt back in place over my tits as the water kept exposing my wet breasts from under the sides of the stretched out tee shirt.

A bit excited showing off my body again, I stood there facing the street tilting my head back, allowing the water to run thru my hair to rinse out the sea water. I had just turned off the water when my husband walked up, he looked at me and ask why I didn't just take off the shirt, I told him not to tempt me because it was feeling extremely erotic at the moment. I helped him gather the rest of our gear to carry across the street and then I headed back to our towels.

When I got there, I sat down to soak up a little sun, then it hit me I should have told him to bring me back a bikini to put on. I just pulled the tee shirt up so that I was just covered allowing my legs to soak up the sun. My tits kept spilling out the sides of the now big arm holes. I figured, hell everyone can see them anyway, so I sat back up, looked around and then quickly pulled the shirt over my head and placed it between my legs with my knees apart, pulling a little of it back up to cover up my crotch, but just barely.

When my husband came back, he was a bit in shock, there was his wife naked except for a little piece of tee shirt pulled up between her legs covering her pussy. He asked me if I was allowed to be naked on the beach, I told him I wasn't naked, but I could be if he wanted me to be, then I rolled over with my round butt in the air, totally naked with nothing at all covered, the feeling was unreal and so exciting especially when I moved my feet apart a bit more. I don't know what was showing but in my mind, I was hoping everything.

After a good 20 minutes or so and feeling more daring from the excitement of showing off and comfortable with my surroundings, I rolled over onto my back again except this time I didn't cover my shaved pussy or hide it from the people walking up and down the beach. My husband just stared at me and watched the people looking at me.

After an hour or so I asked my husband to join me in the water because I need to cool off. I sat up and looked about and figured I had better not push my luck and slipped my tee shirt back on, which really did little to hide my breasts at this point.

Once we got in the water, my husband was all over me, touching me, kissing me, pulling on my tee shirt. As we moved out deeper the shirt floated up father allowing my husband easier access to me.

He told me he wanted to do me now, I told him people are everywhere and would see us. Then I let the passion of his kisses get the better of me and wrapped my legs around his waist and allowed him to enter me, the wave action caused us to move about and it didn't take long before it was over. He just held me for a few minutes until he shrunk out of me and then we head back to the towels.

It had gotten late, and I didn't want to get burnt, so we picked up our things and headed back to the room to get ready for the evening out. Of course, I had to stop at the shower to rinse off once again to get the salt water out of my hair and show off a little more, but only very briefly.

Once we got back to the room I fell across the bad, and eventually woke up about 10:00 with my husband sleeping next to me.

I woke him up and ask him if we were going out and he said, "If I wanted too, we would."

I jumped up and got a quick shower, the warm water made my slightly red skin tingle. I finished getting ready, while he was getting a shower. I laid out my clothes and fixed my hair.

While he was doing his thing to get ready, I slipped into my outfit for the night. It consisted of a quite short black pleated skirt that rested high on my thighs and quite low on my hips, a very short loose cropped tank top and my two inch open toe heels. The top was one of those that if you don't pull it down every five minutes something is going to show, must be why it is one of my husband's favorite shirts to wear out clubbing, especially after I have had a few drinks.

We were out the door in less than 30 minutes and as we walked down the street the breeze kept blowing my skirt up showing my ass to the guys walking behind us. Of course, they had to make comments about it instead of just enjoying the show, finally I told them to grow up and we turned to go into the door of the club. The guy on the door smiled and asked me where my friends were, I told him I hadn't seen them since last night.

The Doorman told the girl working the door that we were his guests tonight. My husband asked if he had missed something, I told him, "He missed a lot"!

As soon as we walked in, I saw Donna and Jessie dancing on the dance floor, they saw me and they both ran over to give me a hug, I introduced them to my husband then we headed to the bar for drinks. Jessie was already glassy eyed and giggly, she had a permanent smile on her face already.

I figured I had some catching up to do and ordered two shorts of tequila for my husband and I, and a beer for me making them both disappear in a matter of seconds. My friends did a shot with me shortly after that, then we all headed to the dance floor. Donna had every guy on the dance floor's attention including my husbands.

She had out dressed me again, tonight she was wearing a very short white leather micro mini skirt that barely covered her ass and a white three inch wide tube top over her tits, her dark nipples showed thru the thin material.

Jessie was in one of those tight tube dresses with bad panty lines, but no bra to my surprise!

As we danced, Donna was either pulling her skirt down or her top up and every guy around, including my husband, was waiting for her to pop out somewhere.

After we danced a while, we headed back for drinks and following Donna, I swear I could see the bottom of her butt cheeks peeking out from under her skirt in the dimly lit bar.

We got to the bar and Donna, Jessie and I climbed on to bar stools and ordered our usual drinks of tequila and beer chasers. I kept noticing my husband looking down at Donna legs. I looked to see what he found so interesting, and I saw it.

Donna, now sitting down caused the little skirt to ride up higher on her thighs, and like me, she was not wearing any panties and she was showing everyone who happened to notice she was almost shaved clean except for a little black patch above her clit.

Her skirt was so short and tight that she shouldn't have been sitting on the stool, either she didn't know or didn't care, but she wasn't trying to hide anything. I could tell Jessie had already passed her limit again, and I asked Donna if Jessie remember last night.

Donna said she doesn't remember a thing and she couldn't find her bra tonight. Donna said she told her she didn't know what happen to it. My husband asked if we wanted another round of tequila, Donna told him none for Jessie she is about done now.

We did our shots and headed back to the dance floor, with both Donna and Jessie wobbling. We all started dancing again and Jessie had found Tom from last night.

I was dancing close to my husband who kept tugging the back of my tank top down in the back exposing my breast for his enjoyment. I asked him if he want to see more of Donna, since he seemed to have his eyes locked on her body. He laughed and asked if it was that noticeable, I told him, all the guys are staring at her.

He said, "They are watching both of y'all, and I am enjoying seeing both of you," as he tugged my short skirt a bit higher on my hips knowing it would expose my cheeks like Donna was, "Sure, go for it!"

Without adjusting my outfit after what my husband had done to it, I dance over to her and started dancing close to her, rubbing my body against hers. She was so hot, physically and visually. I was behind her and had my hands on her tummy, moving my hand up to her just below her breast where I could feel her under boobs touching my index fingers, and then down to below her belly button to the top of her skirt. I could tell she was enjoying my attention, I kept one hand on her tummy and moved my other hand to her back and pushed lightly.

As I did this, she took the hint and bent over pushing her ass into my crotch, grinding into me. I could see her white untanned cheeks starting to show as she bent over, so I ran my hands down the outside of her thighs and brought them back up bringing her skirt up with them, pulling the minimal material higher on her thighs, she just continued to dance pushing her ass into me as I looked down at her bare ass pressing against my thighs and my own too short skirt.

When she stood up, I grabbed her hands holding them across her chest, with her hands cupping her own breasts, and her skirt still almost to her waist. I could feel her rubbing her own tits under my hands.

Jessie came over to her, and put her arms around Donna's waist. She whispered in Donna's ear in a very drunkin voice, "Do you know your skirt is above your waist and I can see everything!"

She told Jessie, "Yes, I fucking love it."

She asked Jessie if she looked hot, she told her, "You two have everyone's attention."

Then she turned around and wrapped her arms around me and said you know this isn't fair, and before I could say anything, she unzipped my skirt and it dropped to the floor. She kept her arms around me and kept dancing not letting me pull my skirt back up.

I was in heaven dancing bottomless with another girl who was almost as naked as I was, with hundreds of people watching us. My husband came up behind me and told me he could not believe what he was seeing and that I looked incredibly sexy like that, he then reached around and slid his hands under my loose shirt and grabbed my breasts, rolling my nipples in his fingers. I felt my feet dance over my skirt as we move around the dance floor and everyone was cheering us on.

Jessie had backed away and was leaning on the rail watching us put on our show. I felt like doing my husband right there, I was so hot. He then told me to pull down Donna's top, and do to her what I was doing to her, without even thinking about it, I pulled her top down to her belly and grabbed her breasts. The crowd was cheering us on to go all the way.

Just then my bouncer friend came over and told us we had to break it up and put our clothes back on. I searched around for my skirt on the floor and started to panic when I couldn't find it.

Donna was now wrapped around the bouncer who was trying to pull her skirt back down and her top up, and she was doing her best to kept everything uncovered. I was to the point, that I wasn't horny anymore and I was covering my pussy with my hands to hide myself while I searched for my skirt.

I heard the bouncer tell Donna if she didn't cover up, she would have to leave. My husband and Tom went over to Donna, they were helping the bounce try and get her clothes on before we all got thrown out, I didn't realize she was that drunk already.

Then I saw Jessie again leaning against the rail holding my skirt in her hand, I headed toward her to get my skirt and when I got to her, she told me she remembered more about last night than Donna knows, and now I owe her big time!

She told me this was the first time she had been in public braless and thanked me.

She continued to tell me, she was enjoying the attention she was getting from some of the guys that she had never gotten before, that Donna and I had finally made her want to be more open and enjoy the attention she had watched Donna get all her life.

I asked her if she wanted to make her tube dress look even better, she kinda looked at me strange. I told her, "Loose the panties, you have bad panty lines." She told me she had never been panty-less before, except for last night, and didn't know if she was brave enough to do that.

I smiled at her, "You never went braless before either!"

I then asked her if she really enjoyed the attention Tom had given her last night and she said it started a tingling she had never experienced before.

I grabbed her hand and pulled her to the lady's room. As soon as we got thru the door I told her to take off her panties, she blushed bright red but slowly lifted her tube dress up then hooked her thumbs in the waist band of her full coverage white cotton panties and pulled them down toward the floor, the whole time telling me she wasn't sure about this.

As she stepped out of them, I grabbed them from her and told her to come on and left her standing in the lady's room with her dress almost around her waist.

She came running out the door after me, pulling her dress back down, when she caught up with me, she told me she needed her panties back because those were her last pair and she needed them for the rest of the week.

I told her I would put them in my husband's pocket and give them back to her when we all left.

We found Donna, Tom and my husband at the bar, we went to join them and as I passed a trash can, I dropped her panties in the garbage. We got another round of drinks Jessie and I; Donna was about passed out but still standing, almost in her top a hint of nipple was showing which was easy to see against her white untanned breasts and she had everything covered down below for now.

Jessie grabbed Tom and headed for the dance floor while we held Donna up, who, every time she moved came farther and farther out of her tube top, much to the enjoyment every guy standing around us including my husband. While we watched Jessie and Tom dancing, a blonde girl walking passed Donna said something to her about being a slut and she should cover her tits up. Apparently, it hit one of her Italian nerves, and she was all over the girl before we could react.

The two of them were rolling around on the floor and Donna was already showing off everything she had, they were pulling hair and trying to hit each other. This girl came no better dressed for a cat fight than Donna had, her light sun dress was already around her waist and her white thong panties were on display as the two of them screamed and tried to fight each other.

The crowd was so tight around them that the bouncers couldn't get thru to break up the fight. Donna ended up sitting top of the girl and had two hands full of hair slamming her head on the floor, the guys all start chanting tits, tits, tits. Donna, who's top and skirt were both around her waist, took the hint grabbed the front of her sun dress and began to pull on it as had as she could, the little straps popped on the first tug as she began losing her dress.

As her bouncy tanned tits came into view, one of the bouncers finally made his way thru the crowd and grabbed Donna trying to pull her off the girl, but she wasn't letting go. The harder the bouncer pulled the more the girls dress ripped away, everyone laughed and hollered as she fought to keep her dress. She managed to keep enough to cover up her breasts with a piece of the back of the destroyed dress, but she was left bottomless except for her lace white thong panties.

Donna was carried toward the front door with part of the girl's dress still in her hands, screaming, kicking and for the most part naked still with her clothes around her waist.

We pushed our way toward the door thru the crowd and grabbed Donna as she stood naked in the door arguing with the bouncer saying the other girl started it.

Jessie did her best to cover Donna up, but her top had gotten stretched out in the fight and wouldn't stay up, we all headed back down A1A toward our hotel with Donna still bitching about getting kicked out.

My husband was smiling looking at Donna with her top around her waist and most of her ass cheeks showing walking down A1A, not caring as we passed other people.

It wasn't until we got to our room when my husband told me my ass was hanging out the whole way back and he wished I had been topless as well!

I pushed him against the wall kissing him, "You didn't ask, we can go to the pub at the other end of the block if you want!" as we continued to make out with our hotel door still open.

Needless to say we never left the room the rest of the night, my husband continued mentioning how hot I would be walking topless on A1A.


