Bikini Breakfast
by Poorwriter©


Hi Honey,

I was laughing to myself when I just remembered another thing that happened shortly after I met you. I was only 23 and fresh out of college, living with my brother Dan and his best friend John, in John's double wide trailer. I lived there for almost two years while you and I were dating. A few fun things happened, but today I will tell you this one.

I had my own small room. Next to mine Dan had his own room too and John had the other whole end of the trailer to himself. I have known John my whole life. He is a real nerd and has always had a crush on me, but he is harmless and nice. He is sort of socially awkward and doesn't have the greatest luck with the ladies, but he is always polite and respectful to me at least. If nothing else, he is safe.

John and Danny are both several years older than me, the same age you are. You had been encouraging me to show myself a little bit and I was at first very reluctant. I still tried little ways of being naked more of the time. I would find little ways to let someone 'accidentally' see me naked, even if just for a second. 

I must admit to my surprise that I was slowly beginning to enjoy it. Here was one incident that was not planned and totally happened by accident.

That summer was a very hot summer and this particular morning I was very tired. Our room mate John had one of his nerd buddies over. His buddy's name was Trent and he was sort of cute actually. He visited John regularly and he was quite shy, especially around me. John had told me Trent thought I was 'super hot' and had a crush on me. So that sort endeared the guy to me in a small way.

It was a Saturday morning and I got up early. I intended to just go lay outside and sleep a little more and tan for a few hours before the sun got so blasted hot. 

I heard the guys out in the kitchen and figured I'd get some breakfast with them. I was groggy and just quickly slipped on my bikini. I didn't really think about it, I just pulled it on. I came walking out in to the kitchen and I got the predictable stares from the guys. Their faces lit up upon seeing me in my swimsuit. All you guys are sooo predictablt and so easy to get excited. Admit it. You know you are.

I ignored them and actually decided to tease them a bit since they seemed to be giving me so much attention. I got a bowl from the cupboard and a spoon. I bent over, poking my perfect butt out a 'little' more than necessary and got some cereal from the lower cupboard and poured it in my bowl. I stayed bent over just a 'little' longer than necessary too and, wouldn't you know it, I had to move my hips from side to side just a 'little' more than usual just to be able to reach the dang cereal.

Next I got some milk from the fridge and poured that in the bowl. I opened the cupboard to get some sugar and it was on the top shelf. Oh my!! I had to go on my tippy toes and I could feel my suit slipping down a little bit and I knew my butt cleavage was showing. I had to strain a 'little' hard to reach the sugar because I 'accidnetly' bumped it back out of my way. 

I put on the sugar and turned around and leaned back on the counter. I remained leaning backwards against the counter while they stared at me as I ate. 

I know seeing my body all long and stretched out while I was standing there was getting them all excited. My boobs, flat tummy and long bare legs were something they never got to see in the morning. 

They stared especially at my swim suit bottoms. I finally said, "Boy's you act like you've never seen a bikini before." They both replied, "Not one like that we haven't!!!" I looked down and I realized that in the dark bedroom I had pulled on my bikini top but I had inadvertently put on some panties instead of my bikini bottoms. 

They felt the same, but these were my little sheer, light blue panties that are basically transparent. YIKES!!!!

I could even see my perfect little shaved pussy, Miss Clitty, slit, and all, with the little tiny landing strip above it. My tiny tan lines were even evident through the material. At first I was mortified that these nerds were getting to see me like this. But I quickly gathered my wits about me.

I did NOT want to give up my 'power' and act all embarrassed. So I said, "Oh, so I made a little mistake, big deal!" you act like you've never seen a girl in panties before." 

They said, "Not one as dang pretty as you we haven't." That was actually quite sweet of them to say and I know they meant it too.

Now Honey, is this turning you on to be reading that two guys were seeing your little Catherine's pussy through those tiny see-through panties? And only a couple of feet away too!! My, my , my!!!! I wonder.....

I happened to remember doing laundry the night before and sure enough there was my actual swim suit bottom on the top of a stack of folded laundry on the back of the couch just a few feet from the kitchen table. 

I remained there and finished my cereal letting them stare all they wanted. Then I turned and put the cereal bowl in the sink, washing it and setting it to dry. I knew they were now able to see my bare bottom through the transparent panties, for a minute but I didn't care. I even exaggerated the nice bubble on my butt my letting it poke out a 'little' more than usual. 

They were now so flustered and nervous that I myself was actually NOT nervous. I knew I was in complete charge just like you told me I would feel if I ever did this. 

And I was beginning to feel a bit naughty and to actually have fun. After all, in fairness to them, they were polite enough and they were not being rude at all. And I was the dummy who walked out in see through panties. I figured they deserved a little reward for their good behavior.

I turned and said, "Oh, Here is my suit." I picked it up and just stood there in front of them and slipped my panties down letting them hit the floor and stepped out of them while holding the suit. 

"Whoa!!!! Catherine!!! Are you SOOOOO FINE!!!!" They both went crazy banging their spoons on the table and hopping up and down. It was actually quite funny. 

I said what has become one of my favorite lines, "Relax boys, it's just a pussy. Every woman has one you know." Then I turned around to let them see my fine booty too and stepped into the bottoms. I bent waaaay over and slowly, slowly, tor-tur-ous-ly slowly I slid them up my legs to mid thigh. 

I turned back to face them so they could actually see my fine pussy once more as I slipped up the bottoms the rest of the way and sort of 'patted' my pussy to make sure they were 'in place' once they were up. 

I said, "Thanks for the breakfast boys. I'm going to go out and tan now." So it was a little quick tease and a flash, but it sure was fun and they sure seemed to be grateful and enjoy it too.

You were right again. I let the boys see me a little naked and no harm done. Actually the result was fun for them, fun for me and I'm guessing as you read this fun for you - WHICH will then mean more fun for me and maybe if I like being naked even more often .. another possible moment of fun for them.

Oh now I can't wait for you to take your time to read this. I hope you have me wear a little tiny skirt and with no panties and just a tiny little camisole with no bra. And I hope you make me act out the story for you too, so I'll have to change into a bikini to do it.

And remember as always, if you think I was too naughty of a girl, you may spank my firm, curvy, bouncy, round, perfect, little, bare naked bubble butt as I lay naked across your lap. O.K.? Yeh!! I thought that would be o.k. with that Big Boy!!!

Love, 

Your precious, loving, faithful, modest little wife, 

Catherine 
