Emily's Story
byEmilyP01©

Emily's Story Pt. 01

I looked through the glass at the same pair of shoes I've been looking at for weeks. They were a specialty brand and were only available for a limited time and I felt like I had to have them. They were only $150 but as a jobless student there wasn't much I could afford.

My name's Emily, I'm only 5ft tall with small but perky breasts, bright blue eyes and short black hair. I live in a fairly small town but it was next to a big city so there were a lot of businessmen who lived in the town and just traveled to the city for work. Because of the richer people living in the area, there were a lot of high price shops. I loved to walk around town and look at them all even though I knew I could never afford to buy anything at them.

While staring at that same pair of shoes, a man walking by noticed me and stopped. He was a tall man, had black hair with a bit of grey coming in, stubble all across his face, dark brown eyes, and wore a button down shirt with slacks. I looked up at him and couldn't help but smile at his handsomeness.

"How are you?" His voice was deep and somewhat soothing. 

"I'm good, just doing a little window shopping." I usually try to avoid talking to strangers but he had an air about him I couldn't resist.

"I've noticed you looking at this same pair of shoes a while now."

I blushed with a bit of embarrassment, "yes, they are my favorite."

"Are you planning on getting a pair?"

"Oh I could never afford them but it's nice to dream."

"That's a shame, I'm sure a pretty girl like you would look great in them."

I blushed even more, looking away from him shyly. "Thanks."

He smiled and stared at me for a minute before he spoke again. "How badly do you want those shoes?"

I looked up at him smiling, "More than anything, I've been wanting them for weeks."

"I could buy them for you. I don't mind at all. But of course, I would expect you to return the favor."

I wasn't sure what favor he could mean but I knew I wanted those shoes so badly. I hesitated for a moment before finally asking "what would I have to do?"

He moved in closer to me and put his hand on my shoulder and leaned down to whisper in my ear "I want you to suck on my cock til I cum."

I froze and my heart dropped. I was very inexperienced and the only guys I have been with were around my age, never a man so much older. Normally I would say no right away but it was hard for me to turn down my one chance to get the shoes I wanted. Plus I was a bit flattered by the man's attraction to me.

We both stood in silence for a minute, me deciding and him waiting for my decision. I looked at him, and then the shoes, and then back at him before I finally responded. "Ok."

He didn't say anything after that, just grabbed my hand and led the way. He took me inside the store and led me to the back. It wasn't a huge store but it was big enough the clerk did not see us enter. He led me to the back where the restrooms were, made sure the coast was clear before taking me inside and locking the door behind him. He took out his wallet and slid two hundred dollar bills out. He set them out on the sink and told me they'd be mine the second he filled my mouth. I just smiled a little and nodded.

"Get down on your knees," he commanded and I obeyed. "That's a good girl."

He unzipped his pants and dropped them and his boxers down to his ankles. He was already hard by the time his pants dropped. His cock was about seven inches long and thick. He was the biggest guy I'd have ever seen. I was starting to get really nervous seeing it inches away from my face.

He began to pet my hair and rub my face, "Go ahead babygirl."

I froze for a second but I knew I had to keep going after making it this far. I opened my mouth and started to suck on his cock.

At first I just sucked on the tip, just slurping away, but I could tell he wanted more. I started slowly taking him deeper and deeper. His hands squeezed my hair tighter the deeper I went.

"Ooh that feels soo good. You know just how to suck my cock baby." His cock was throbbing he was so hard. I stared up into his eyes as I took him deeper and deeper into my throat. At first I was in control, swirling my tongue around his cock as I moved my head up and down. He would pet my head and gently pull my hair and rub my face as I sucked his hard cock.

Eventually he started getting close and took control. He grabbed the back of my head and started thrusting in out of my mouth hard and as deep as he could. He started letting out manly moans and I started whimpering, I was so turned on. It wasn't much longer before he pushed all the way in and said here I cum baby. I moaned pretty loudly as he filled my mouth and throat. It felt like he was cumming for the longest time. He came so much it overflowed and dripped down my chin. I wiped my chin off and then licked his cock clean before he zipped it back up.

He helped me up and then took the two hundred and put it right in my hand. He kissed me on the forehead and told me I did a great job. He told me he had to be going but he gave me one of his business cards and told me to call him if I ever wanted anything else. I was so flustered over the situation that I just nodded quietly and stared into his eyes. He stared back for a minute before leaning in again but this time kissing me directly on the lips.

We kissed deeply for a minute before he said his goodbyes and we stepped out. He headed straight for the door and left. I went and grabbed the shoes and bought them. I had finally gotten the shoes I wanted with cash to spare and had never felt so accomplished.






