
Naked at the Beach, Part 1


Written by Janice 
Tuesday, 30 June 2009 13:27
This involved a lot of firsts for me. First real daytime public nudity, extended nudity in front of strangers, the beach, flashing, dance club, and so forth. This has also turned out to be very long and will do several parts to it.
When I first got into doing this, Jessica was the only one of my friends who was aware that I loved being naked in public and was continuing to do it after that first dare to walk down the street. Jessica liked to see me naked and did what she could to get me that way as often as possible! LOL She assisted me in pulling off a lot of experiences over the years, but especially during the first 4 or 5 years. Eventually, our careers sent us to different parts of the country, so we do not get together as much as we would like.
In the very beginning, I was doing those walks in and around my neighborhood and other areas that we found that suited what I was doing. In that time period, I was doing it all at night. While I was comfortable with being naked and by being seen whenever that happened, we still tried to avoid “exposure” to large numbers of people.
We both planned to stop working the last couple of weeks before starting our freshman year in college. During the course of that summer, we made plans to spend a week at the beach. Our parents rented a house for us to go to and relax before we started getting ready for school and starting classes.

It was about a 3 hour drive down to where this place was located. Jessica and I made the drive down on a Saturday and after getting lost a couple of times, finally found the house. It was right on the beach about a mile outside the nearest community. The nearest houses on either side were a couple of hundred yards away, I suppose. We looked the house over, unpacked the car, and then changed into bikinis and went to check out the beach.

By the time we went out onto the beach, it was later in the afternoon, probably somewhere about 5 or so. While we could see a few people on the beach in the distance, there was no one nearby at all. We walked along the beach for awhile without encountering anyone. Walking back to the house, Jessica said that it looked like we had really lucked out and I could go naked anytime I wanted. I said that it sure looked that way to me too. I could see the gears working in her head and knew she was thinking of something!

We were almost back to the house when Jessica got an evil grin on her face and giggled and told me that she had a plan. I laughed and said I was not sure I wanted to hear this. I had already learned that she had a very active imagination. She had been having all kinds of ideas for me to do, that, at that time, were not feasible or that I/we were not able to pull off yet. She kept coming up with more ideas than I was!

Jessica told me that her idea was for me to be naked all week long, on the beach and in and around the house. When we went into town, I could not wear panties or a bra and she would decide what I would wear. She told me that I would have no say in anything what I wore or she would have me do the entire week. I looked at her and asked her just what kind of wicked person lived in her head and where did they come up with these ideas. Jessica just laughed and asked me if it was a deal or not.

I trusted her completely and knew that she would not knowingly put us into a situation that we could not control or evade. By that point, we already had come up with guidelines to the circumstances in which to do things that avoided too many risks or dangers. I also knew that if it did not feel right, I could say no and she would accept that.

I looked at her for a moment and then shrugged, laughed, and said what the hell, yeah, it was a deal. I untied the strings to my bikini and let them fall off. Jessica grabbed it from me and said that I did not need it any longer as she resumed walking to the house. I followed her with a growing sense of excitement about what this week was going to have in store for me. I already knew that she could come up with some really wild ideas, so I realized that this was going to be a rather wild week.

We got back to the house and took a shower, planning to go into town to eat and do some shopping. After the shower, Jessica went through my bag and removed my bra, panties, bikinis, jeans, and a couple of other things that she deemed “not right” for me. I looked at what was left and told her that she did not leave me much to wear. Jessica laughed and said that was the point! I just shook my head at her and said that I did not know which of us were the bigger monster created by all this.

Jessica then went to work on what she wanted me to wear. She settles on a thin, cotton black pleated skirt that was pretty short, and a white blouse for me to wear. Once I had them on, she looked me over and told me to undo several of the buttons on the blouse. Doing that allowed the blouse and exposed a very large amount of cleavage. Jessica had me pull the skirt a little higher up on my waist so the bottom of my skirt just covered my butt. After a few more little adjustments, Jessica said that we were ready to go.

That area tends to have a good breeze blowing most of the time and just the walk from the house to the car lifted the skirt several times. After an attempt or 2 to hold it down, I just gave up. Jessica laughed and said that was the spirit. I already knew I was going to be exposed quite a bit. This was going to be my first time in real public, and surely, really crowded areas. Surprisingly, I was not too concerned about it and was actually kind of excited by the idea.

We had dinner and did some grocery shopping. Any time we were outside, the breeze blew up my skirt almost continuously. Mostly, I pretended to not be aware of the situation or that the whistles and comments were directed toward me. Jessica and I just smiled and giggled at each other the whole time. I loved the breeze blowing over my exposed skin and that everyone who cared to look could see me from the waist down a large part of the time. It was very exciting to me to know I was exposed to all those people.

I felt like I was on cloud nine and going higher from all the looks and attention directed at me. A shiver would go through me every time some guy whistled or made a comment towards me. Pretending not to know made it even more thrilling to me. We got back to the house and Jessica had me undress in the car and then go back and forth to carry the groceries in. There was some traffic on the road and cars passed as I was getting the groceries. It was getting pretty dark, so it is possible that they did not see that I was naked.

The next morning, I woke up early and went out and sat on the back porch. It was really nice out there and the breeze blowing over my naked body felt really amazing. I saw a couple of people walking along the beach, but either did not see me or did not pay any attention to me. It looked like they were more interested in shells in the sand than anything else.

Jessica came out about an hour later and we sat there for some time before going in and fixing some breakfast. After eating and cleaning up, we decided to go lay out on the beach for awhile. We grabbed out stuff and went out. The beach was close to a hundred yards wide and Jessica chose a spot about halfway between the house and the water.

It was still fairly early in the morning and there were not many people in sight in either direction yet. We sunbathed for an hour or so before the number of people walking along the waterline really began to pick up. Whenever women or kids started getting close, Jessica would place a small towel over my midsection until they passed. That was to make it not so obvious to them that I was naked and to avoid offending them. If it was guys walking or even younger couples or groups, I remained uncovered.

It was amazing to us that I could be naked in full view and these people not realize it. We would laugh and giggle every time someone went by without noticing. A couple of people seemed to do double takes but kept on walking. My heart began racing every time that happened. I was starting to get rather disappointed by the lack of reactions!

At one point, there was a gap in the people walking along and we headed down and into the water. We splashed and played around in the water. At first, I was pretty aware of people walking by and keeping covered by water when they were close. I eventually quit thinking about it as Jessica and I goofed around. Then she said she was ready to get out and I turned around and saw 2 guys standing right there looking at us with big smiles on their faces. I froze in place for a moment or 2. My first immediate reaction was to duck back into the water. Jessica told me that it was okay to come on out, she said they had been watching me for 5 minutes and already knew I was naked. She started walking out of the water and I followed along behind her.

Jessica stopped next to them and said hello to them. I had no choice but to stop with her and say hi also. Jessica told them that I just liked being naked and hope they did not mind. They both said it was fine with them. LOL My heart was racing but I was totally stoked to be standing there in front of them. They made a comment about how brave and cool I was for going naked and letting them look at me. I smiled and said I did not mind at all and liked it really.

Watching the rest of the beach, we could see a mother and a couple smaller kids walking our way. Jessica said that we needed to go and said it was nice meeting them. One of the guys asked us if we minded if they went and got their stuff and join us. Jessica looked at me and I smiled and said it was okay with me. They said great, thanked us and took off down the beach.

We went back and sat down and waited until they returned. I told Jessica that I was really amazed how much I liked standing there and that knowing they were looking me up and down was very exciting. Jessica said she bet it really was for me because it got her excited just watching it all happen. She then got that look in her eyes again and I laughed and said okay, what are you thinking about now, you evil woman.

Jessica looked at me and said that she thought after they got back, when I was laying on my stomach, it would be a great idea to let them put the lotion on me. I looked at her like she had lost her mind completely and then caught myself from saying no. My imagination kicked in and it was a pretty exciting thought after all. I giggled and said okay, but that I wanted to move just a little farther back from the water in that case. Jessica said that made sense and we moved back some more.

The guys reappeared after about 45 minutes with their stuff. They told us that they had to dump the friends they were with before they could break away from them. I had to ask them what their names were again because I did not remember them from before. They told me their names were David and Michael. They sat down about 10 feet from us to give us room and to make sure they did not make me feel uncomfortable.

We stayed there and talked for a long time. They were very respectful of me and other than looking me over, made no sign of getting carried away. That made me relax some more with them. I waited for Jessica to suggest they oil up my back, but she did not say anything. I finally decided I was ready and tired of waiting on her.

After checking out the beach situation, I rolled over onto my stomach and asked them if they minded putting lotion on me. Michael asked me if I was sure it was okay. I smiled at him and said I would not have asked them if it was not okay.

They nearly killed themselves moving to either side of me. I handed the bottle to David and the poured lotion in their hands and began to rub it into my back. It felt like I had died and gone to heaven, it felt so good having their hands rubbing my bare skin. My skin was tingling all over and my motor really got to going, if you know what I mean! LOL

They kept their distance from my butt in rubbing the lotion into my back and legs. Jessica and I looked at each and smiled as she told them to not forget my butt. They looked at me and asked me if I was sure about that. I did not trust myself to speak and smiled and nodded at them.

They began to rub the lotion in and I could not control the groans that escaped when they did. It was on of the more intense feelings I had ever had up to that time. The guys stopped after just a couple minutes. I could not believe my ears when I heard myself ask them if they were sure they had used enough lotion. Jessica burst out laughing at that and they joined in. We all laughed hard for several minutes. Needless to say, they went right back to playing with my butt.

It was a real miracle that we did not attract a real crowd. Jessica said that she kept an eye out, but no one really seemed to be paying that much attention. Later on, we went swimming and this time, I had to be real careful because there was a stream of old people and families with kids walking by while we were out there.

Michael and David sat back on their towels. I sat down and applied lotion to my front. I was tempted to allow them to do it, but was not really ready for that just yet. LOL Jessica went into the house and brought sandwiches out for everybody when we got hungry.

We stayed out there the remainder of the day with them. One older gentleman walked over to us and stayed for about 5 minutes before moving on. I let Michael and David to put lotion on my back and butt again. They did not try anything like copping a feel or anything else that might upset me. They were very nice and respectful of my limits. I was very comfortable around them because they were and completely relaxed.

They eventually said it was about time for them to go. Jessica quickly spoke up and asked them if they wanted to come over for dinner. They readily agreed. They said they would take their stuff to the car, stop and pick up some steaks, beer, wine, and stuff and would be back.

They left and Jessica and I went into the house. Jessica went and took a shower first, so she would be dressed when they returned. They must have ran and drove like maniacs because they arrived while I was in the shower. I dried off and combed my hair then joined everyone on the patio. We grilled the steaks and had a great dinner.

Later on, I got up to go in and get us more drinks. As I walked by Jessica, she grabbed my butt and rubbed it. I just stopped and let her do it. The guys did not know what to think! LOL The look on their faces was priceless and I laughed and turned toward them and said they could feel it too. I told them that it felt really good and I did not mind.

We spent a really great evening together. We had a total blast and I enjoyed bring naked the entire time with them. I felt so incredibly beautiful. It was almost like being a queen or something with all the attention I was being given by all 3 of them. That night could have lasted forever in my mind! They left and Jessica and I stayed up for several more hours talking about everything that happened.

I told her that she was the best friend in the world and thanked her for everything she had done so far. I told her how much I had liked everything that had happened and that maybe she was not all that evil after all. Jessica laughed and said that she probably was but that I was welcome anyway. We eventually went to sleep and I slept like a log.

WOW! I did not realize how long this had gotten! I guess I need to break this into several parts.


Naked at the Beach, Part 2


Written by Janice
Saturday, 04 July 2009 00:00
I was sleeping like a baby when Jessica came in and slapped my butt and said it was time to get up sleepyhead. I sat up and looked at the clock and it was almost noon. Jessica said that we were going to go into town for awhile and that she would have something to eat when I got out of the shower. I felt like I could sleep for another 8 hours but made my way to the shower. Afterwards, I felt better and was more awake anyway. We ate breakfast and talked about how great David and Michael were and how much fun it had all been.
Jessica had me put on a pair of hot pants that were tight on me and a blouse that she had me leave unbuttoned but tied it off at the waist to hold it mostly closed. We drove in and parked. We spent several hours going in and out of all the little shops.
We were in one of the bikini shops and found some wraparounds that were meant to be worn as cover ups over swimsuits. I bought several of them that were really pretty. We did some more shopping and eventually ended up back near the car. We decided to go ahead and drop off the stuff we had bought.
I pulled out one of the wraparound out and asked Jessica if I dared to wear one of these around. Jessica laughed and said yeah, go for it. I stood between cars and looked around and did not see anyone, so I stripped. I put the clothes in the trunk and picked up the wraparound. Right about that time, there was a little toot on a car horn. We looked around and saw a guy sitting in a car a couple of spaces over. We both missed him in looking around for pedestrians! There was not much I could do since he could see that I was naked except laugh and give him a little wave as I  put on the wrap.
We had resumed walking and soon discovered a problem a few minutes later. In the store, the wraparound appeared to e completely opaque, but out in the bright sunshine, it was quite see-thru.. Jessica looked me over from in front and in back and said that it was very easy to see that I had nothing on underneath. We ducked into a store and she said that maybe we should go back to the car and I put the other clothes back on.
I thought about it for a minute. She was probably right and I should go and change. The thought of knowing that everyone could see through it excited me quite a bit. I looked at Jessica and said I thought I would just stay in the wrap. I told her that it was her idea for me to be naked as much as possible anyway. She said yeah, but maybe that this was a little too obvious.
I said that this was perfect really, because inside here you could not see anything, and I did not know it was showing anything outside. I said that if anyone said anything to me, I would pretend to be embarrassed and act like I was trying to hide. Jessica giggled and said okay, if I was really sure.
We went back to walking around. We chatted away and pretended to be totally clueless. Behind sunglasses, it was easy for us to watch the faces as we approached people. Most of the guys looked a lot and smiled as we passed them. Of the women, most scowled at me and looked away. A surprising number of them did look at me and smiled. A few were openly checking me out as we passed them.
We made our way down to the beach and walked along the waterline for a little while. We could see all the looks directed at us. We heard a few comments also that made us giggle. A time or 2, we would pass a couple and we would hear the female give the guy a real hard time for looking at me too much.
We made our way back off the beach and decided to find some place to eat. We went back to the car and drove around and eventually decided on a Italian restaurant. It was still a little early for there to be much of a crowd for dinner, which is why we decided to go ahead and eat! Inside the restaurant, there were a couple of tables and booths that were occupied, but the place was mostly empty. The waiter led us to a booth and took our drink order.
He was an older guy but still very handsome. (Unfortunately, neither of us can remember his name.) Jessica and I were giggling about it when he returned with our drinks. We both flirted with him shamelessly as we decided on what to order and he wrote it down. He was a good sport and threw comments right back at us that had us giggling like crazy. He said that he would put our order in and then bring us some bread.
Once he was gone, Jessica and I both were interested in having some fun with him. Jessica suggested I try loosening up the wrap and move it down my chest some to show off some cleavage. I did and it came undone right away and fell into my lap. I redid it again and this time it held. When he returned, he seemed to notice the change right away. He was looking at my cleavage as he said that he liked my dress.
Very much unintentionally, when he said that I said thank you and sat up a little straighter and the knot came right undone and fell to my lap again! I froze for a moment because it was totally an accident. He broke the spell by saying “Again, I REALLY like your dress.” My mouth fell open when he said that, but then I bust out laughing. The way he said was so funny! I was laughing so hard that I made no move to cover my breasts up right away.
Once I stopped laughing so hard, I reached down to cover up. Jessica jumped in and said why bother, he has seen them already. I looked at her like she was crazy. He said she was right and it was okay by him and that we were safe here and no one could see anything from here. I looked between him and Jessica a couple of times. He was really handsome and I was getting over the initial shock, and I was getting excited by being exposed in there too.
I looked back and forth a couple of times, then smiled and shrugged and said what the hell. I just left it alone and sat there topless. He stood there for a couple of minutes talking with us before going off to take care of other customers.
Jessica said that I was totally amazing. I laughed a little and said that was a total accident. I said that I was totally blown away by the feelings I had been having all day knowing that people could see thru it and see that I was naked. I loved the looks they gave me, both good and bad. I told her that it was the most incredible feeling in the world to be like this.
We sat there talking back and forth waiting for our food.. As we talked, I decided I wanted to go all the way. I lifted up and pulled the wrap out from underneath me, halfway folded it up and put it on the other seat. Jessica looked at me, smiled, and said I was the craziest, most outrageous person in the world, but she loved it! I just giggled and said that she had no idea how great it made me feel.
The waiter came back with our food and he almost lost the try when he saw me! He shook his head, smiled, and said “I take that back. I really LOVE you dress!” That set me off laughing again for a very long time. I had tears streaming down my face and could hardly breathe.
We ate dinner and we and the waiter conversed just as if everything was perfectly normal. We continued to flirt back and forth throughout dinner. It was the most surreal situation really to be naked in a restaurant, not 20 feet or so away from other customers. They had no clue what was going on that close to them! I loved every second of it!
After we finished eating, he came over and asked if we wanted dessert. I giggled and said I didn’t, but I bet I knew what he would like for dessert. Jessica punched me in the arm and he just smiled and said “Yes, we both would enjoy that dessert very much, but my wife and kids would kill me.”  We paid our bill and I put the wraparound back on, rather reluctantly. I told him that I really thanked him for being so nice and that I had had a really great time. I added that we were very lucky to have met him and for letting me do what I had done. He said that he would remember us for a very long tie and that we were the best customers he had had in a very long time, even WITHOUT my dress. That set me off to laughing again and we left shortly after that.
Back in the car, Jessica said that was so crazy, she did not believe that it had really happened. I laughed and said I know, and that it was a complete accident made it even crazier.. I told her that I was hooked on being naked around other people now. I said that I loved knowing they could see all of me and I was letting them do it was so exciting. It made me feel so good.
I said if it had not been for this thing turning out to be so see-thru, it probably never would have happened. Jessica agreed and said there were all kinds of things I could do with them, especially since I liked it so much. I asked if she had anything particular in mind. Jessica said she did not yet, but she would think of something. I giggled and said yeah, that is what I am afraid of!
We drove around some and we passed a movie theater. Jessica suggested that we see a movie. I said okay, that just had to watch out for kids. When we parked and got out of the car, Jessica looked me over and said that without the sun directly on it, I looked to be okay. We went to the window and picked an “R” rated movie that should not have any kids in it.
We went in and sat down and waited for the movie to start.  Jessica sat down about halfway down the row and I was a couple seats closer to the aisle. As the movie started, there were maybe 20 other people in there.
About 10 minutes after the movie started, Jessica tapped me on the arm and motioned for me to hand her the wraparound. I hesitated only for a second before taking it off and giving it to her. Jessica took it and put it on the seat at the end of the row next to the wall. There was not going to be anything I could do if someone came along and saw me except just sit there.
About 15 minutes later, the door from outside opened and a couple came in. The guy moved up the aisle and stepped into our aisle and sat down about 3 seats from me! The woman sat next to him. My heart started racing and I was finding it hard to breathe properly. I was scared to death and excited as hell at the same time.
It took the guy about 5 minutes to look sideways. He looked harder a second time and got a smile on his face. He nudged the woman and whispered to her. She leaned forward and looked in my direction. She smiled at me and gave me a little wave. I smiled weakly and sort of gave her a wave back. Jessica was watching all of this with a very amused look on her face. Easy for her to be amused! As far as I could tell, she never had any thought or intention of giving me the wraparound back! What nerve! LOL
At least it appeared that they were not going to go running off screaming. I relaxed just a little but was still really scared. The man and woman whispered back and forth for a couple of minutes, then she got up and moved past him and sat down next to me.
She told me her name was Denise and said that I was super hot and really brave. I said either that or really stupid! She said it was very brave and that I had to be really excited. I said I was and also scared to death.
Denise said that she liked the idea but just would never have to nerve to actually do it. I said yeah, the first time is probably the hardest. She asked me if I had done it before and I said that I had. I told her about my walks and at the beach briefly. Denise looked amazed that I had really done it. I told her it was such a great feeling to be naked and having people see you was really incredible.
Denise and I kept chatting through the movie. She told me that her husband was trying to get her to do things like I was and she was scared to do it. She told me that she had only gone as far as not wearing panties for him. She said that she liked that feeling after she got used to it. We continued to chat through the rest of the movie. As we talked, she seemed to warm up to the idea just a little bit. She started talking to her husband some also.
The movie was getting close to being over and Jessica handed me the wrap around. I stood up and put it on. When the movie ended, we stood up and they followed Jessica and I outside. The guy introduced himself as Jim and Jessica and I introduced ourselves to him. He thanked me for talking to Denise and making her feel better about maybe trying it herself 1 day. I said that I hoped that I did help and told her that she would love it if she ever gave it a try.
As it turned out, they were parked close to us. We stopped at our car and started saying goodbye. Jim said that they had a boat and if we were interested, we could all go out in it tomorrow. I looked at Jessica and she said it was okay with her. He wrote down directions for us and we agreed to meet there about 10 in the morning.
On the way home, Jessica said that was totally out of this world. She told me that she nearly freaked out when they sat down. I told her I thought I was going to die. I said that I was so scared I was shaking but at the same time I was so excited, I could hardly control that feeling too. Jessica said that we really lucked out and we had better be better prepared and plan it more next time. I looked at her and asked who says there is going to be a next time? She said you know as well as I do that there will be! Then we both broke up laughing.
We drove down to where the boat was located. Denise met us in the parking lot. She started laughing when I got out of the car and said I was totally out of my mind. I was wearing another of the wraparound things and it showed me off just as much as the other one did. I laughed and said that she was just lucky I had this on. Denise said I had to be joking. I said don’t be so sure about that and then laughed and said I was.
Denise led us down to the docks and to their boat. Jim whistled when he saw me and said that’s what I am talking about. Denise sneered at him and shot him the finger and he just laughed. He helped us into the boat. It was a real nice boat. It must have been about 30 feet long or so because it  is bigger than the 26 footer that I own.. Jim showed us the little cabin and then started the engines and pulled away from the dock.
Jim said that he would head out a couple miles from land if that was okay. That sounded okay to us. As soon as we got out past the jetty, I took the wraparound off and stood there naked. They looked at Jessica in her bikini and she laughed and said that I was the show off, not her. They laughed and said that was cool.
He ran out for about 30 minutes and then turned off the engines and dropped the anchor. Looking around, there was not another boat in sight. Jessica and I laid out some towels and starting putting lotion on ourselves as Jim broke out a big bottle of wine for us and beer for him.  Denise disappeared into the cabin and called for me a couple minutes later. I went down and she was on a bunk type seat and looking like she was abo ut to pass out from nervousness.
Denise said that she was really scared about doing it. I sat next to her and told her it was okay, that it was a normal feeling to be scared the first time. I told her to take her time and that she had to be ready to do it or she would not enjoy it at all. If this was not the right time, then that was fine also. Denise said that she wanted to do it for Jim because he wanted her to do it, and after seeing me so relaxed about being naked last night, like it was normal. She told me that she was just really scared that someone would see her and laugh or make fun of her.
I nodded and said that I understood that. I said that I get scared sometimes myself. I also said that I found that no one laughed or made fun of me. They usually were just happy about seeing me naked. I said that whenever she felt ready and decided to do it, I bet that she would find that she liked the feelings it would give her.
We talked some more and then Denise asked me I there were other boats around. I told her that there were not when I came down, but I would go up and make sure. I went up and looked around, I did not see any other boats at all. I refilled our cups while I was out there and then went back down. I also mentioned to Jim that if she came out, not to react too strongly and just act as if it was perfectly normal and he said okay.
Denise was sitting there with her clothes off and wrapped up in a towel. I smiled at her and handed her the cup and told her that there was not even a boat in sight, let alone nearby. She just nodded and took a drink from the cup. I did not say anything about her taking off her clothes because I wanted her to relax and just get used to it. We continued to chat for another 10 or 15 minutes.
Denise then told me that she was starting to get used to it asked if she could tell me a secret. I said sure, she leaned closer and said that she was actually getting kind of horny being naked. I smiled and giggled and said that I got that way all the time! She giggled and said that was funny. We laughed and giggled along those lines for a few minutes.
She emptied her cup, stood, up, dropped the towel,  and said okay, let’s get the show on the road. The way she said it had me cracking up. She turned around and gave me a push and told me to stop that and behave myself. She went up out onto the deck and sat down next to Jessica. She put lotion on and then stretched out on her stomach.
We all sunbathed for awhile, then jumped overboard and swam some to cool off. Denise seemed to get used to being naked very quickly and looked like she was enjoying herself.  A couple boats passed by the area, but not too close. Denise grabbed a towel the first time, but just watched the others that went by.
We started to head back in about 3 or so. I went down to use the restroom and Denise was waiting there when I came out. She said that she wanted to thank me for being so nice to her and helping her. She told me that she now felt maybe she could do something that Jim wanted sometime. I smiled and said I was glad I could help. She hugged me and then let go. She said oh, that felt pretty good and giggled. I giggled and said yeah.
Denise hugged me again and this time pressed against me. We stayed like that for a couple of minutes. Denise and I just stood there holding each other. I really did like the feeling and whispered to Denise that if we stayed like this much longer that I was going to get really horny. Denise giggled and said yeah, me too and we broke apart.
Denise got dressed. I waited until we were back at the jetty before putting the wraparound back on. Once we were back at the dock, we exchanged phone numbers and said goodbye. Denise gave me another hug and said thanks for everything. All in all, it had been a great day with them.
Jessica and I got in the car and explored around more of the town. We found a stretch of antique stores and other little shops on one road and stopped and walked through several of the stores. The last store we went into had all kinds of stuff that looked like it was from the middle east. The whole store was decorated like that also. A old man came out to ask if he could help. He was definitely from over there somewhere because it was very hard to understand him through the accent he had. He was a very sweet old man who must have been in his 70’s at least and we was wearing the robes and head thingy that I had seen in pictures. ( Sorry, I do not know what they are called.)
He stayed with us as we browsed around. In the back, there was this statue of the Sphinx. Jessica pulled out the camera and took a picture of it. She then had me stand next to it and took another picture. Jessica turned to the old man and asked him if he would pose for a picture with me. He came over next to me and put his arm around me. What he did was put his hand on my butt and played with it as she took the picture. If he had not been such a harmless looking old man, I would have slapped him!  He kept doing it as we walked around too! He did not seem to care that Jessica was watching either! It was too funny!
Eventually, some other people came in and he ran off to talk to them and we snuck out of the store while he was busy with them. Jessica gave me a hard time for letting him do that. I laughed it off sand said that he was a harmless old man and it probably was the highlight of his life.
