Naked in School - Dennis and Susan
by centauri4 ©

Rumors - "The Program" Expands Across the Nation

In our school rumors of a program requiring students to attend classes 
completely naked had begun to circulate around campus just before summer 
break last year. Someone said they read a participant's account on the 
Internet, but most of my friends and classmates simply could not believe 
it was true.

Being normal curious teenagers we chatted about the outrageous ideas in 
the halls and wondered whether "The Program" was the bizarre creation of 
another student's imagination, a cult of nineteen-sixty's hippie parents, 
or a group of Ivy League sociologists bent of redesigning society along 
utopian lines. Some pretty amazing speculations from a bunch of hormone 
driven teenagers in suburban northern Virginia, huh?

On the last day of classes the novelty of these rumors had largely worn 
off and talk of summer jobs and planned family vacations prevailed. When 
the final bell rang and all the buses left West County High's parking lot, 
a sizziling silence descended over the buildings disturbed only by the 
sounds of grasshoppers in the distance. I walked home with three friends, 
Mike, Jim and Paul. Nobody mentioned the rumors from school, but I imagine 
we were all thinking about them.

Over the Summer

The job I arranged during the last few months of school was working at the 
local import car repair shop in the center of town. The pay was pretty 
good and it also afforded me an opportunity to keep in touch with car 
owning classmates and hear stories of the summer adventures long before 
anyone else.

Susan was a quiet blonde haired girl I remembered from Alegbra class who 
owned a sporty convertable handed down from her older sister. We had only 
spoke to each other a couple of times during the school year, so I was a 
little surprised when she struck up a conversation with me in the waiting 
room while her oil was changed.

"So, have you been doing anything interesting outside of work this 
summer?" she asked.

"Oh, well, not really. Working here takes up most of my time and you 
wouldn't believe the number of people in this town who let their car's 
maintenance slide until summer heat catches up with them." I replied 
emphatically.

Susan said her dad had gotten her an internship at the local television 
station for the summer, and that she was learning everything there was to 
know about broadcast operations and on-air news reporting. The money was 
okay and the people seemed really interested in making sure she learned as 
much as she worked at ordinary office tasks. This was something she really 
had not expected, but many of the station employees were fairly young 
themselves and working at WWHN was their first post-college job.

When her car was ready I completed her service order, she paid for the oil 
change, and then she asked me something rather unexpected.

"So, you probably haven't heard anything else about that program everyone 
was talking about since school got out have you?" she said discreetly 
while we stood to the side of the service counter.

"No, I haven't. There have been a few other students in here but nobody's 
mentioned THAT at all." I said. "Why? What have you heard?"

Quickly Susan explained the television station had received canned footage 
for the news staff to work with, and that one day a couple of tape editors 
asked her to look at some of it. When they asked if she was offended by 
nudity at all, she wondered what sort of Summer Break footage was about to 
be viewed.

"Then I told them nudity was no big deal to me, but that I actually hadn't 
seen much of it outside of the locker room, at a friend's sleepover or at 
home." So both editors nodded and began to run the first segment. "Dennis, 
it was about 'The Program' and its impact on a high school in southern 
California!" she said.

I was somewhat surprised to hear that rumor come up again, but even more 
surprised to hear that it was not shimply a rumor, but in fact a real 
thing!

"So what did the tape show?" I couldn't help but ask, knowing that I 
needed to hear the details quickly and get back to work. Susan sensed my 
need and told me a reporter covered the introduction of The Program, 
interviewed a couple of school board members, a psychologist, and a 
handful of parents before cutting to a wide pan of the school campus 
itself.

"It was a shot of students getting off the buses before first class and 
there were actually several naked butts walking away from the camera!" she 
said in a totally serious manner as if to convince me she was not making 
this up in the least. "A few heads turned to watch the naked students go 
inside, but most of them were totally to busy to even care apparently" she 
added, and then she went on to finish the tale by saying that everyone 
interviewed, including the students themselves, had nothing but positive 
remarks about The Program.

"No way. You're kidding me, right?" I asked.

"Absolutely not. I watched every piece of video we received later that 
same day and not one minute of it was negative or disapproving" she 
answered. "And get this..." she added pausing briefly to compose her final 
sentence, "The Program is coming here next year and the Parents and 
Teachers Association is meeting to discuss how WE will be introduced to 
it!!"

"You mean WE as in West High?" I could barely ask.

"Yes. Us." she replied with a tone of dread and foreboding. "Apparently 
the politicians in Washington have already reviewed the trial program 
data, questionaire results, and heard testimony from school officials and 
parents representing the cities where The Program was tried. Afterwards 
they found no Constitutional infringement was involved and the civil 
benefits worth further exploration."

Wow! Susan really seemed to have learned the complete details of the 
entire story and become somewhat of a reporter herself in the two short 
months since classes ended. I felt myself hanging on every word she said 
and almost immediately considering the implications they carried... Which 
not surprisingly caused my mind's eye to picture her on a television 
screen with bare shoulders and chest descending to the lower edge of the 
picture. Even though Susan is a nice looking girl, I had never before 
imagined her in a bikini or less during all the time we were in classes 
together!

The End of Summer

About two weeks before classes were scheduled to begin a letter from the 
school board arrived addressed to my parents. Dad opened it before dinner 
that evening and found a survey to be completed by parents of West High 
students.

The survey included questions about their personal attitudes towards 
nudity, whether they had ever been skinny-dipping, modeled for art 
classes, and whether they considered simple nudity to be sexual or 
pornographic. After dinner mom and dad answered these questions quietly 
while I sat at the dinner table also. Very few words were excahnged 
between them, but a few gestures with a number two pencil and alot of head 
nodding occured.

Before the survey was finished they found a page labeled, "Remainder to be 
completed by the oldest student in your household" and being an only child 
that was obviously me. Mom passed over the pages and the pencil and then 
both of them left the room headed for the den. I spread the pages out in 
front of me and began reading.

The first questions were really basic stuff, list your age, weight, 
height, hair color and of course, sex. I didn't think I would be filling 
in any circles with a number two pencil over the summer, but here I was. 
The next set got into attitudes and opinions I had towards nudity as it is 
depicted in classical art, literature, old and new movies I might have 
seen, and finally the ways the body is used in contemporary print and 
television advertising. "Do I think it is acceptable for billboards to 
show young men in their underwear?" was one of the questions, and the 
possible answers were "Yes", "No" or "No opinion".

A few of the other questions were, "Have you ever seen ancient Greek or 
Roman era art depicting nudity in social or athletic settings?", "Have you 
had a reading assignment where any character in the story was described as 
unclothed or being nude?", and "Do you believe western society currently 
portrays nudity in a positive or negative manner?", all of these questions 
simply listed "Yes" or "No" as possible answers.

As I finished the survey, the final paragraph instructed the student to 
return their portion of the survey directly to the school board in the 
postpaid envelope provided. The instructions also asked students not to 
allow their parents to read their answers or discuss the questions with 
other students prior to the beginning of Fall classes.

September - First Day of Classes

A class assembly was called at the beginning of the day.

Everyone gathered in the main auditorium. The principal steped forward and 
explained the results of the surveys had been tabulated and after careful 
analysis, West High is to be a "pilot school" for the Virginia in The 
Program. West High was confirmed as a participant in The Program because 
of both the parents answers to the survey AND the high marks achieved by 
the surveyed students as well.

Principal Jones then explained "The Program" and said a video presentation 
was the next step in introducing all students to the details of how this 
program worked and what it hoped to achieve. The lights in the auditorium 
were dimmed, the stage curtains parted and the video began about thirty 
seconds later.

The video explained the history of nudity in civilized and primitive 
societies, the social dynamics involved with what it called "open nudity" 
in "mixed sex" settings, how The Program first started and why many 
experts in the fields of sociology and psychology believed many modern 
countries were repressed and not achieveing the same levels of 
enlightenment demonstrated by various cultures in the past, or something 
like that anyway. I may not be recalling the details with complete clarity 
because of what followed after the video was finished and the auditorium 
lights came up.

The principal once again walked to the middle of the stage and explained 
that while small groups of students had been selected to participate at 
other schools involved in this program, West High was going to trial it 
with the entire student body at the same time! This would prevent any 
student from being ridiculed, teased or otherwise isolated from their 
peers due to their lack of traditional attire.

Gasp and groans from almost everyone in the crowd filled the air for 
several minutes, I think even a few teachers made noise until Principal 
Jones quieted everyone down and continued. "Because each student already 
has a locker in the main areas of the campus, you are all being required 
to go to them at the conclusion of today's assembly, remove all articles 
of clothing except for socks and shoes if desired and store the in your 
lockers." He further explained that the school was fully empowered to 
direct each student to participate in The Program by the authority it had 
over the student body before such a program was ever imagined, but that 
anyone who wanted to contact their parents for confirmation of this was 
welcome to do so. Furthermore the deadline for beginning our participation 
was moved from the end of the assembly to around ten o'clock, just about 
an hour away, after second class period.

Principal Jones concluded his presentation by announcing this initial 
trial of The Program would last for one week.

As he finished, teachers began passing out brochures on The Program moving 
down the aisles from the front of the auditorium at the ends of each row. 
It did not take very long for them to finish handing out to the entire 
student body. The assembly was dismissed and we all began filing out into 
the halls, at which point many students headed for the Commons and the 
school's payphones, while even more began pulling cellphones out of their 
backpacks and purses. Some just stood in small groups in no hurry to go 
anywhere, apparently discussing whether they had actually gotten out of 
bed this morning or were still at home dreaming.

I knew for a fact that this was not a dream because of the conversation I 
had with Susan over the summer, and so did a few of my classmates 
apparently. Conversations quickly turned to whether it was a good idea to 
wait as long as possible before leaving their clothing in our lockers, or 
how manly, brave, independent and self-assured we would appear by simply 
getting on with participating. Before these discussions ever finished and 
the small groups had broken up completely, a few students were observed 
pulling t-shirts over their heads near lockers or hanging up cellphones 
with looks of dispair on their faces. It appeared that West High was about 
to become the first Program representative on the east coast of the 
country whether any of the students liked it or not!

"The Program" Begins

A few classmates nearby had anguished looks on their faces, but just as 
many had already removed their shirts, shoes and socks; in preparation for 
undressing all the way I imagined. It was really an amazing sight to 
witness given that absolutely nothing like this had ever happened to any 
of us, ever!

Quiety I set my backpack on the floor and began spinning the combination 
lock on the front of my own locker. Once I had my locker open I knew, 
right now anyway, I was in my own little corner of the world. A place with 
familiar pictures and posters tapped to the inside of "my space", a 
familiar place, and a place I alone had total control over for the past 
couple years of my teenage life. All of that had now changed, and somehow 
I knew that when I closed my locker I would be part of something different 
and sort of "historic". These ideas were quickly squashed from my mind by 
thoughts of embarrassment and humiliation much stronger than I had 
expected.

'I can do this!', 'everyone is doing this!', 'what's the point in 
refusing??' From everything Susan had told me and from what I could 
imagine more quickly than anything I had imagined before, it was a program 
who's time had come. People, well students, were either forced into it or 
ended up volunteering themselves by making teasing comments of other 
students as they participated. The brochure explained that teasing another 
student about their nudity was grounds for getting your name moved to the 
top of the list of involuntary participants for following weeks. West High 
was going to be different because schools elsewhere had only tried The 
Program with small portions of their student bodies, and typically 
required a few students to participate for one week involunarily. I 
unbuttoned my shirt and hung it up in my locker, but before I could get my 
shoes removed in order to remove my pants, I was startled by a tap on my 
shoulder. I turned around and was surprised to see Susan standing behind 
me with only her backpack strap covering one shoulder but otherwise 
completely nude!

"Come on Dennis, you might as well hurry up. The bell for first class is 
going to ring in a minute or two and we will both be late" was all she 
said initially. For some reason, to me, the fact that she was nude didn't 
mean much to my mind for the first few seconds, and then I found my voice 
and replied, "Well, you certainly didn't waste any time gettting with The 
Program!"

"Yeah, I know" she said. "Well, you know the story of my summer job along 
with a handful of others, and I guess I had already played out the 
scenario in my head a thousand times since watching the footage of the 
California trial of The Program".

"It doesn't feel bad to be nude, just strange" was the sentence she spoke 
which finally registered with me as being made BY A NAKED GIRL directly in 
front of me! I quickly resigned myself that she was probably right and 
that I could deal with whatever feelings I might have after removing my 
clothes later in the day. Continuing to undress I removed my sneakers, 
unbuttoned my jeans, and pushed everything down from my waist in one move!

In a way I guess I felt like I was at home getting ready for a shower, but 
when the cool conditioned air of the hallway touched exposed parts of my 
body as never before I realized home was not the only place I would be 
naked from now on.

It was no surprise when my penis began to grow slightly when fully exposed 
to view in front of Susan and the other students in the hall. I was 
embarrassed. Thankfully Susan did not comment on my appearance and, as I 
hung my pants inside my locker, put my sneakers back on and picked up my 
backpack, for a brief instant I felt perfectly normal.

As Susan and I began walking down the hall to our next classes, we passed 
many of our classmates who were either completely undressed or nearly so. 
Everyone was busy looking up and down the hall to see what reaction other 
students were having to this new experience, and no one initially said 
anything, not even 'Hi' to either of us. My first class of the day was 
Third Year Art, and Susan's was English Composition, a tough class early 
in the day. Today, I knew there would be no shortage of topics to write 
about!

"Hey, you know this doesn't seem so bad" Susan said as we neared the 
corner where we would go in separate directions. "Oh sure! Who are you 
kidding??" I replied. She just smiled and I thought I saw her eyes glance 
downward in a quick survey of my body. Once again, I was embarrassed.

Walking into Art class was another new experience for me, because more 
than three-quarters of the class was already in their seats and every one 
of them was naked just like me. A few sat quietly but others were chatting 
and whispering to each other the way they almost always do. I noticed a 
few of the guys chests had a little hair on them, but many were mostly 
bare like mine. I couldn't really see anything below the desks on either 
the guys or girls, but the sight of so many bare breasts of my female 
classmates excited me a lot more as I dropped my backpack and slid into my 
seat. Surprisingly several students were still fully dressed.

In class we discussed the history of nudity in art, a topic perfectly 
suited for the day. It seems that history's artists have been as 
preoccupied with drawing and painting the nude human form as we are with 
using it in print advertising and making films which usually include at 
least one actor getting naked. Our teacher, Mrs. Winger, pointed out that 
the subjects of nude art ranged from everyday activities such as bathing, 
to obviously posed modeling, and finally to highly erotic nudes attempting 
to capture the variaties of human sexual behavior. This was all very 
informative but nobody commented or giggled; most just sat and listened 
attentively. This stunned behavior was not what I expected from my 
classmates based on recollections of last school year.

After Art Class everyone poured out into the hallways and began moving to 
their next classes. It was truly a spectacle to see so much bare skin in 
one place! Shoulders, backs, butts, and, well, everything. There were a 
few students still wearing their street clothes, but none of the teachers 
said anything to them because one more class remained before the 
participation deadline.

All of the teachers remained fully clothed, and a few of them were 
obviously in awe of the sight of so many nude young bodies circulating 
through the halls. I doubted whether any of them had heard of The Program 
over the summer or, if they had, were mentally prepared for the reality of 
nude school.

The Program - Susan's Recollections

Susan walked past quite a few familiar classmates on the way to her next 
class, but fortunately none of them stopped her or asked to inspect any 
portion of her body. As an essential educational part of The Program, the 
brochures had explained interactive human anatomy "lessons on demand" were 
required of the participants. Students cooperation with each other's 
requests was stipulated in the Program's rules very clearly.



She told me that at the time she felt more exposed than embarrassed 
because at least everyone else was as exposed as she. Her backpack 
provided little comfort in the way of concealment but at least it was 
something to hang onto.

English Composition class with Mr. Banister was one of her favored classes 
because she had developed a knack for expressing her thoughts in writing. 
The entire class, about two dozen students, was already in the classroom 
when she arrived. Mr. Banister was writing, "Today's Assignment - Initial 
thoughts about The Program" on the blackboard as she took her seat. The 
deskchair was cool and smooth against her behind but not particularly 
uncomfortable.

The boy next to her was already writing and Susan told me she could not 
help but glance down at his penis to get an idea of how being naked was 
effecting him. He appeared to be relaxed in his new surroundings or was 
doing his best not to get excited. Although it was somewhat more difficult 
for someone else to tell, Susan felt mildly excited by the new dress code 
and she hoped no one would notice. She took out a binder and pen and began 
writing...

"I guess I am not really surprised by The Program because I not only heard 
of it over the Summer, but I saw footage of students participating in it 
at my job."

At the end of the day everyone rushed getting back to their lockers and 
dressing. All in all, I have to say that our first day in The Program went 
surprisingly well.

Next Installment - Comments after School 






