Weekend At Robyn's
by Tlerone

Siobhan sets Robyn a challange for the weekend.

"Come on Siobhan, just a quick one!"

"No Robyn! Stop suggesting it!"

Robyn slumped in her seat on the couch of her student house. With her housemates gone for the weekend, it seemed only natural that she invite Siobhan, her best friend, a posh Brit new to the country, and the university they both attended, to stay for the weekend. Robyn not being alone in the house for multiple days was a big factor in it, but it seemed the blonde had other motives too...

"Are you going to help me with my stuff?" Siobhan asked, struggling to drag her suitcase through the door of the student house. Why she needed a suitcase worth of stuff for a single weekend was beyond Robyn, but the blonde put a finger to her chin regardless, as though she was thinking about her response to the question.

"Hmmmm... if you bring it in naked, then yes!" Robyn finally answered, grinning like a maniac, snark apparent in her voice, something her roommate for the weekend didn't seem to appreciate.

"That sort of defeats the point of the suitcase full of clothes, don't you think?" Siobhan retorted, finally dragging said suitcase over the surprisingly high step of the front door, "What is your obsession with getting me naked again?!"

"Gee I don't know!" Robyn raised her voice a little with her answer to the posh Brit's question, her tone dripping sarcasm, "It couldn't be anything to do with the fact that I caught you streaking the city centre last week! Naked, head to toe, and miles away from any cover... no, it couldn't be anything to do with that!"

Siobhan's face went red at the reminder from her best friend, or the previous weeks humiliation, and it took everything within her not to let out an embarrassed squeak at the comment. Robyn rose from the couch, finally deciding to help her housemate for the weekend up the stairs with her ridiculously overpacked suitcase, since the Brit it seemed was frozen in embarrassment.

"You can't tell me you didn't like it. You came right in front of me! C'mon, just a quick one, around the block and back..." Robyn bargained, pulling the handle of the needlessly heavy suitcase up the first step of the staircase.

"It's not... it's not as simple as that..." Siobhan answered, finally coming back to reality, and beginning to help Robyn with her luggage, the task going a lot quicker now that the two of them were involved.

"Then... what... what is it? It's it because... ugh... I'm here? Prefer to be alone doing it?" Robyn struggled to reply, heaving the suitcase occasionally as the girls lost momentum while ascending the staircase, finally nearing the top and stopping to catch their breath.

"No... It's embarrassing! On my own or not!" The post Brit stated through heavy breathing as they took their small break, Robyn's insistence of not dropping the topic causing more embarrassment to the recently discovered unnatural blonde, causing her to be more worn out than she should.

"But you were clearly enjoyed it! It'll spice up a Friday night!" Robyn began again, the pair of them heaving the suitcase up the final few steps onto the landing, "I promise, it'll be easy!"

"Then you do it!" Siobhan finally snapped at her, both girls freezing in place, the outburst being very unlike the usually prim and proper Siobhan. Robyn opened her mouth to retort, only to be cut off before she could speak by the Brit, "Better yet, since you think it's so easy to go wandering around outside starkers, I'll make it easier for you. Spend the weekend naked. You don't even have to leave the house!"

Siobhan's proposition left Robyn's jaw hanging open, her best friend not usually being one to be so forward with a lewd suggestion, let alone present it in such a challenging way. Not that Robyn was competitive... no, that wasn't the case at all...

"Except you won't..." Siobhan's tone of voice had lowered in volume, but there was something teasing about it that Robyn hadn't heard before, "You would never do that. I must be crazy even suggesting it..."

"Now hold on a second." Robyn stated, the blonde holding out her hand to literally stop Siobhan from walking any further towards the bedroom she would be spending the weekend in, "Why wouldn't I? You think I'd back down from a challenge?!"

"Well..." The Brit's voice dragged off in a very sarcastic manor, "I'm just saying, you're not nearly brave enough to pull off what I did, and I don't believe you could even last two days in your own house nake.. wait... Robyn... what are you doing?!"

The blonde in question was busy pulling off the fuzzy socks she was wearing, throwing them into the open door of her bedroom. Before Siobhan had even finished talking, Robyn's hands were fumbling with the waistband of her grey sweatpants, having them at her knees, and even further down than that within a matter of seconds, exposing a lilac thong. Siobhan's mouth hung open as Robyn revealed she hadn't been wearing a bra beneath the lime green hoodie she was wearing, pulling that over her head, and stopping momentarily to make sure she hadn't messed up her ponytail, showing off a fit and athletic torso, and a pair of full yet perky b cup breasts, and before the Brit even noticed that her mouth was beginning to dry out from hanging open, the lilac thong joined the rest of her clothes in the pile on the floor, showing off a patch of hair above her pink pussy, naturally blonde unlike Siobhan's own. Robyn placed a bare foot on the pile of clothing, sliding them into her bedroom with one swoop, and standing before her best friend in all her naked glory.

"All weekend?" Robyn had an eyebrow raised, her cheeks tinted red, and her heart pounding with adrenaline, but her competitiveness that had just compelled her to strip also encouraging her to say, "Challenge... accepted."

Mustering up as much confidence as the embarrassed blonde could, she swayed her hips as she walked past Siobhan to make her way downstairs, her British friends eyes magnetised to her perfectly toned ass as she did, and begun making her way downstairs, leaving a shocked and second-hand embarrassed Siobhan frozen outside the bedroom.

~

Siobhan had to admit, despite the fact that she wasn't at all serious when she'd laid out the terms of the 'challenge', rather seeing it as a way of ending the argument she was having with Robyn regarding her own exhibitionism, she definitely hadn't expected Robyn to actually go through with it. Much less, commit to it as hard as she had. It had been 2 hours now, longer than Siobhan had spent naked on her initial streak through the city, and Robyn was showing no signs of cracking.

The pair were sitting in the living room, glasses of wine in hand, and the latest trashy reality tv on the screen, Siobhan bundled up cosy in her pyjamas with a blanket. Robyn on the other hand, was still completely naked from head to toe, having elected to not even cover herself with a blanket of her own as she lounged on the couch, her commitment to the challenge being all too apparent.

"Ready to admit that I'm more willing than you and accept your fate of streaking around the block?" Robyn asked cheekily, a grin on her face as the blonde looked on at her friend, confidence oozing with every word. Despite this, on the inside Robyn's adrenaline hadn't cooled down at all, the student's heart rate just as high as it had been when she'd initially stripped down. And the prolonged exposure... well let's just say Robyn could see why Siobhan was as horny as she was last week.

"I'll admit, you've taken this a lot more seriously than I thought you would have..." Her British roommate for the weekend replied, voice sounding unsure, taking another sip of her wine to sate her nerves, "But you said the whole weekend. You've hardly even started."

"Longer than you were naked for." Robyn retorted, her smile shining through despite her blushing face, "And I've managed without blowing my load once, Miss multiple orgasms!" She couldn't help but laugh at her own vulgarness, especially at seeing the posh girls face go pale, and scrunch up in disgust at her words.

"That language! So unladylike!" Siobhan's disgust, and uncomfortableness was apparent in the tone of her voice, with some light embarrassment in there too, perhaps an acknowledgement that Robyn's crass and gaudy way of putting things did in fact affect her. "Besides, I'm sure I wouldn't have... reacted... like that if all I was doing was sitting around on your couch all day. You want a challenge? Try going outside yourself."

Robyn was cooking up a retort, an excuse to, in fact, not take Siobhan up on the second challenge she'd issued to the naked blonde that day, but was cut off by her phone beginning to buzz on the arm rest of the couch her naked body was splayed on. Holding up a finger in a "hold that thought" motion, Robyn read the caller ID, seeing it was Emma, her boss from work. Robyn's eyebrows furrowed, she was supposed to be off all weekend, she had specifically requested that knowing Siobhan would be staying with her.

"Hello?" Robyn answered after only a few seconds hesitation, the notion of answering would mean speaking to a co-worker while completely head to toe naked not being lost on her, but the blonde eventually deciding it would be no big deal.

"Robyn, glad I caught you," Emma answered. Robyn could tell from the older woman's voice that she was stressed out, not at all how you want to be on a Friday, "Listen, I know you're only part time, but I need a favour. I messed up the shift rota and put Helen and Cleo both on last Saturday, which means I have no one to cover tomorrow."

Robyn's heart dropped in her chest, it likely being apparent on her face as well, as she could see Siobhan reacting to her friends obvious change in expression, Robyn beginning to feel a bit of sweat begging to form on her forehead. She couldn't lose this bet to Siobhan! This couldn't have come at a worse time, "Look Emma, getting into the office might be a bit of a problem for me and... like you said I'm only part time..."

"I've already cleared it with the higher ups, you have the go ahead to work from home tomorrow." That was surprising. In Robyn's limited interaction with Emma, she'd never known her to go out of her way for anyone, so the fact that she was clearing something like that must mean she's at the end of her tether, "I've literally asked everyone else. I'll give you the overtime rate for tomorrow too!"

Robyn was silent for a few moments, the blonde considering her options now. The overtime rate was double pay, and she could certainly use a little extra cash in her back pocket... Her hand unintentionally reaching for said back pocket and instead finding a firm ass cheek brought her train of thought back on track. Working from home meant she didn't have to leave the house, and baring any Teams calls, she could avoid her co-workers completely. The fact that Saturday's are considered easy days as well helped. Still, there was a part of her that couldn't get over the notion that she would effectively be spending an entire work day naked! And all this just to win a bet with Siobhan? A glance over to her posh bestie showed her watching the conversation intently, hugging a pillow to her chest, a shit eating grin on her face at the thought that Robyn's confidence was about to crumble. Her face gaining a stern look, Robyn finally responded,

"Fine. I'll do it. But you owe me one." Her heart was fluttering as she sealed her own fate, a mixture of sighs of relief and grateful thanks coming from Emma on the other end of the phone, before Robyn finally hung up, never once taking her eyes off Siobhan for the rest of the call, staring down the Brit who's expression of disbelief was spurring Robyn off, despite the anxiety and dread and... other feelings she was having at the thought of working naked tomorrow, "You can make yourself busy for a few hours tomorrow, right?" Robyn asked, putting her phone down, and taking another smug sip of her wine.

"I... you... are you crazy? All this just to... to what? Win a challenge?" Siobhan could barely get the words out, obviously not having the same context as Robyn, but hearing enough to know that her best friend would be attending work, completely in the buff tomorrow. If Siobhan wasn't truly and utterly dumbstruck, she would be in a fit of laughter at the situation that Robyn's pride had just gotten her into.

"Relax. I can work from home. And the extra cash would be nice. Not like that's anything you have to worry about, huh rich girl?" With that, Robyn returned to the trashy tv, the student trying her best to put all thoughts of what tomorrow would entail out of her head, the anxiety of rationalising it already having her heart beating at a much faster rate and... well... having an excessive amount of heat radiating from her groin. Robyn decided not to have another glass of wine tonight... and to make sure Siobhan got up before she did, so she didn't see the wet spot she had surely been leaving on the couch this whole time...

~

An alarm blaring at 8am on a Saturday wasn't something Robyn was used to, and it showed. The athletic blonde rolled over, her hand scrambling on her bedside table for her phone, groaning in displeasure at the loud noise exacerbating her wine related headache. Finally managing to hit the off button, Robyn laid back in her pillow, the blonde cursing herself for having taken Emma up on her offer. Work, on a Saturday? Even the double time seemed like it wouldn't be worth it at this point...

"Rise and shine lovely!" Robyn was further disturbed from her sleep by a sing song British voice suddenly entering her bedroom, followed by light streaming in as the curtains were pulled open, revealing a lovely summers day.

"Siobhan! Go away!" Robyn groaned, addressing the intruder, her green eyes finally cracking open to see the Brit standing in her robe, at the bottom of her bed, a grin on her face.

"I'm just making sure you won't be late for work!" Siobhan said cheerfully, clearly not suffering from a similar wine hangover from the night before. She made her way from the foot of the bed to the side Robyn was lying on, placing a glass of water on her bedside table, before leaning into her friend, whispering "Naked work..."

Oh... yeah... she knew there was something she'd forgotten.

Moving to a sitting position, Robyn wondered how it was even possible that she'd forgotten about her challenge, each movement of the soft fabric of her quilt against every exposed inch of her skin causing tingles to run through her body. Robyn kept hod of the hem of the quilt, using it as cover for her perky breasts, and what she was sure were very hard nipples topping them, stretching out her arms and body as best she could without exposing too much to Siobhan.

"Oh come on, it's not like I didn't already see everything last night." Her blonde roommate for the weekend chuckled at her attempt at modesty, walking back towards the hallway as Robyn extended her arm to take a drink from the glass of water, "You start in half an hour. Should probably get showered and have some breakfast. At least you won't have to worry about picking out an outfit for the day..."

Robyn took a few sips from the glass of water, feeling her headache already starting to disappear and shaking her head at Siobhan's joking tone. After having slept on it, she had decided that doing a full days work completely naked was in fact a bad idea, but it wasn't like she could go back on it now. Her only option would be to lose the challenge and get dressed, and she wasn't about to admit defeat! No, instead the blonde poked her bare legs out from beneath her bedsheets, feeling her bare feet be tickled by the carpet of her bedroom, and stood up, exposing every inch of her athletic naked body for the first time today.

20 minutes later, Robyn had showered and done her morning hygiene routine, still not thrilled about having done it so early on a Saturday, but resolved that it was necessary in order to stick it to Siobhan. Walking down the stairs, the nude beauty found herself in the kitchen, the cold tile flooring being quite a different sensation than the carpet and wooden flooring of the rest of the house on her bare feet, seeing Siobhan finishing pouring two cups of coffee.

"So are you just gonna sit around and watch me work all day?" Robyn asked the Brit, gladly accepting one of the cups of coffee, and taking a seat at her kitchen table, where she had set up her work laptop the night before. Gosh if any of her housemates ever found out that she was lounging about the house so casually while naked from head to toe, they'd never let her live it down.

"I'll be in and out. I have a few errands I can run today, but I'll still be thoroughly entertained when I am here..." Siobhan replied, taking a sip of coffee, watching Robyn's hands shaking a little while entering her password, entering the wrong one a few times before finally getting logged in, "Nervous?"

"Shut up..." Robyn snapped, voice cracking a little as she was presented with the home screen, the very same thing she had seen hundreds of times before while working, but never while naked. She hadn't thought she would be feeling the effects of her nudity as much after spending most of yesterday unclothed. But now, sitting at her kitchen table about to do a full days work, and not being allowed to get dressed... Her nerves were going crazy, and she could feel familiar arousal she was feeling last night beginning to creep up on her again. Crossing her legs, and pulling the chair closer to the table, she took a deep breath as she looked at the time. Only a few minutes until her shift began.

"Well, I'm going to watch some tv. I'll be in and out to check on you every once in a while. To make sure you don't cheat and get dressed." Siobhan teased, beginning to exit the kitchen while holding her coffee, grinning like Robyn had never seen her before.

"As if!" Robyn snapped back, the blonde feigning confidence one final time before Siobhan was out of sight from the kitchen, letting out a breath, her face being overtaken with a blush as she swallowed hard. This was it, she was stuck like this for hours. She imagined she hadn't been allowed to work from home today. Having to get the train to the office completely naked, probably packed with people heading into the city centre for a day of shopping, all getting an eyeful of the naked girl. Seeing her perky breasts, nipples standing to attention, and her butt, just as tight and firm as she liked it, staring incessantly and even recording videos on their phones of the blonde's lower curls, and the treasure that lay beneath that. Robyn felt a tingling running through her body as she saw a notification on her screen. Her first email of the day.

Quickly opening it, Robyn saw that it was from Emma, and was sent to her and the other co-workers in that day, laying out the work that needed done. Robyn was a little surprised as she saw just how many people were actually online today, and thanking her lucky stars that Emma had sent an email instead of getting everyone on a video call. She could imagine nothing worse than her camera turning on, exposing her breasts to the thirty or so staff members also on the call, before panicking and exposing herself more as she tried to figure out how to turn the camera back off. Her legs crossed tighter beneath the table at this anxiety inducing thought, though the added pressure was having another effect between her thighs.

"This isn't the time to be getting horny..." Robyn thought to herself, as she read through the email two or three times before finally taking in what it was she needed to do. Robyn could already feel herself sweating as she began her assigned work, nervous at the prospect of a colleague calling her for a video call at any point, adrenaline running through the athletic blonde's nude body as she made progress, but far less than she normally would.

After just a bit though, the nude blonde found herself thankfully getting into a bit of a grove, having made it almost a third of the way through her assigned work. The only times she would be reminded of her total nudity, would be when a small breeze rolled through the kitchen, making her tingling nipples even harder, or when she adjusted her crossed legs, and a bare foot would touch the cold tile flooring of the kitchen. Robyn would only grimace when it happened, trying her best to power through and keep working. Despite her best efforts though, she was sure there was more than a few spelling mistakes in the past few pieces of works the blonde had submitted.

Sighing and deciding that a break was required, Robyn uncrossed her legs, looking at the clock and cringing. Not cringing at the fact that she was only two hours into her work day, but at the fact that as her bare thighs untangled themselves from each other, the unmistakable sound, and feeling of wetness between them was very apparent. Looking down to inspect, Robyn felt her stomach drop, both from embarrassment, and from a throb of arousal as the fit blonde confirmed that her thighs were caked with her own pussy juices.

Robyn got up from her chair, cringing at the thought of the puddle she might be leaving on the kitchen chair she was sitting on, but not having it within herself to check, the furiously embarrassed girl stretched her arms above her head, an action that caused her perky breasts to be even more visible, the rock-hard nipples atop them tingling with the cool air of the kitchen caressing them. Robyn sighed as she finished stretching, walking to the counter-top, cringing at every slap of bare feet against tiled flooring she heard. She was getting way too worked up, way too quickly. Even though she was far too horny to reasonably work for the rest of the day, and wanted nothing more than to hop into some cosy pjs and wrap herself up in a blanket, the fit blonde simply wouldn't allow it. The image of Siobhan's face as Robyn cowered down from her challenge was fuelling her to keep going. The bare naked blonde found herself leaning on her arms at the sink, running the cold water and splashing some on her face, trying to rid herself of the arousing thoughts.

While she did feel her mind beginning to become more focused, it was only a few seconds later that Robyn felt a chill at the back of her neck, a sharp freezing sensation that made the fit blonde let out a yelp of shock, and goosebumps appear all over her naked body. Turning around, she saw a giggling Siobhan standing behind her, an ice cube in hand.

"Need to cool off?" The bubbly Brit asked between giggles, still holding the ice cube threateningly towards Robyn's torso, inches from her cleavage, "You can back down now, I wouldn't blame you. It must be difficult to work in the nude."

"Tell me about it..." Robyn rolled her eyes, turning off the tap spewing the cold water behind her, and walking back to her seat at the kitchen table, considerably more aware of her surroundings than just a few minutes ago, "I'm fine Siobhan! Nothings gonna make me back down!"

"Not even your manager calling from a meeting?" Siobhan asked, her eyes motioning towards Robyn's computer screen.

"Shit!" Robyn exclaimed, the fully nude beauty scrambling for her headset, double and then triple checking that the camera atop her work laptop was switched off, not wanting the enter the team meeting with all her assets on full display.

"I'll leave you to it..." Siobhan said, walking past Robyn to exit the kitchen, leaving the tray of ice cubes she had been holding down on the table, right next to Robyn's computer, "In case you 'get too close' and need to cool off..."

Robyn looked at Siobhan, confused by her statement, before her attention was drawn back to the virtual teams meeting she had just joined. Her racing heart was only beating faster as she saw that almost half the people working today were already in the meeting, and a majority of them already had their cameras on. Robyn nervously studied their reactions, waiting to see if any of them outwardly reacted to seeing a nude co-worker join the meeting out of nowhere. Thankfully, it seemed that her camera was indeed turned off, making the twitchy nervous girl let out a breath, safe at least for the time being.

"Alright, that looks to be everyone. Can everyone get their cameras on please? The bosses are wanting to make this mandatory for every call now." Emma began the meeting, followed by a few grumbling voices, and the final few holdouts turning on their cameras. Robyn felt her face beginning to heat up even more, the naked blonde hoping Emma wouldn't mind her being the only one without her camera on. Unfortunately for her... "Robyn, camera on." Emma stated.

"Um... is it not on?" Robyn said, the nervous naked beauty doing her best to sound surprised despite her growing anxiety and arousal, adding "Oh... I'm hitting the camera button, but nothings happening. Must be broken." Her thighs rubbed against each other, the athletic girl hoping that Emma would buy her deception and let her off the hook, just this once. It's not like she would make a habit of working naked!

"Whatever, bring it in to IT on Monday." Emma sighed, clearly rolling her eyes on camera, making Robyn let out a barely audible sigh of relief, that she had gotten away with it for now. That her athletic body, unrestrained by clothing, that every inch of her pale skin, wasn't going to be exposed to all of her co-workers currently on the call.

Emma continued on with the meeting, and Robyn tried her best to relax, having muted herself, and instead just trying to focus on the words her boss was saying, as well as all of the co-workers on her screen, all having their cameras on, and all in various states of dress. Some, clearly morning people, were fully dressed and well groomed, as if they would be in the office, while other were very obviously in their pyjamas, not thrilled about working on a Saturday morning. But none of them were as underdressed as Robyn, something the blonde couldn't shake. She kept carefully studying the faces of her co-workers, for any change in expression, one that might tell her that the camera on her laptop had randomly decided to turn itself back on, without her input, exposing her entire body, pale smooth skin, to them, giving a lovely view of her perky breasts and abs with how the computer was currently angled.

And from there, as the meeting went on, Robyn's thoughts just spiralled. Not even thoughts of the camera randomly turning itself on, but now images of her sitting in the meeting room of the office, dressed exactly as she was now, bare from head to toe. Sitting with her legs crossed, her entire naked body covered in goosebumps as she tried her best to listen and take notes, despite every eye in the room currently being on her, seeing all of her. Their gazes looking up and down her body frequently and repeatedly, seeing her hard little nipples atop her breasts, the thought only making her face hotter as she got more and more aroused, both in real life and in her fantasy shifting in her seat, her crossed thighs putting just that little bit of pressure on her engorged and throbbing lower lips, to make her exhale a small moan, Robyn's heart rate skyrocketing and snapping out of her fantasy, the embarrassed girl making sure that her microphone was also muted.

Thankfully for her, a quick visual inspection confirmed to the blonde that she had indeed muted her microphone, and that Emma was still talking on about whatever she was talking about. But that relative safety just let her mind wander back to her previous thoughts, this time she was standing in the meeting room, up at the front, presenting a PowerPoint. Standing naked in front of double digit numbers of her co-workers, them now being able to freely see below her waist, her athletic legs, leading all the way up to her secret patch of hair, just above her pussy, now spilling juices down her thighs at an increasing rate. She was so hot, so horny! Back in reality, Robyn let out another moan after having flexed her thighs, putting more pressure on her pussy and sending a shot of arousal through her!

Quickly moving to uncross her legs, the blonde was feeling her arousal continuing to rise more and more, even after she had removed all stimulation, now sitting with her legs spread, wide open, revealing her throbbing, puffy pussy, wet with her dew. Robyn took deep breaths, trying to regain control of her breathing, which she found to have gotten heavy and ragged, Robyn feeling something familiar building up inside her, but not understanding how when she wasn't even touching herself! But then, her mind wandered back to the previous week, to Siobhan running around the city totally naked. When Robyn had found her, the poor girl had obviously gotten so worked up that she lost control, and climaxed in front of Robyn, seemingly without stimulation. Was this what was happening to her? Was she so horny from her nudity that she was about to cum?!

Robyn couldn't allow that, she couldn't have an orgasm while on a call with all her colleagues, mic and camera turned off or not! But her own mental decrees that this just couldn't happen was doing nothing to calm down her raging libido, in fact it was only making it worse! The naked blonde was barrelling towards bliss, and was starting to panic now. Doing the only thing she could think of, she reached for the tray of ice Siobhan had left behind, grabbing an ice cube out of it, and bringing the frozen cube directly to her clit.

"Oh god!" Robyn yelled in surprise, the freezing ice cube on her most sensitive nub sending her body into shock, although thankfully having the desired effect of calming the girl down, the blonde no longer feeling like she was in danger of cumming, though her clit and her nipples were not both harder than ever, a delightful combination of her arousal and the cold. Robyn removed the rapidly melting ice cube as quickly as she had touched her love button with it, feeling more aware of her surroundings, and thankfully just in time to hear Emma wrapping up the meeting, and all of her co-workers saying farewell. The naked and shivering Robyn un-muted her mic for a few seconds, just to say a quick "goodbye", before exiting out of the virtual meeting, the naked blonde letting out a massive sigh of relief, feeling herself sweating more than ever now, thankful that was over.

Robyn jumped at the sound of a slow clapping coming from the doorway of the kitchen, the embarrassed blonde looking over to see Siobhan, leaning against the doorframe, giving her a sarcastic applause.

"Well done. You got through a whole meeting without a stitch of clothing on. And without losing your composure." She sarcastically joked, walking over to the ice tray, "Guess these were necessary after all."

"I just didn't want to give into it, unlike you, miss three-times in one morning." Robyn quipped back, her body readjusting after being so close to climax, to have been so suddenly pulled back from the brink. But now, the naked blonde could feel her body tingling with arousal once again.

"Well, since you need to be cooled off, how about a little lunch time walk?" Siobhan stated, knowing she had Robyn backed into a corner now, her roommate for the weekend would surely have to back down now.

"Outside?!" Robyn exclaimed, the fit blondes heart rate increasing in pace at the thought of what Siobhan was suggesting.

"Yep. Just a casual little walk around the block. Why? Are you backing down? I was able to do that and then some after all..." Siobhan teased. Robyn's anxiety turned to a competitive sense of encouragement, her mind telling her that she needs to do this. She can't back down. She's not a quitter!

"Or I suppose you can just go get dressed and..."

"Lets go." Robyn cut Siobhan off, having stood up and beginning to walk out of the kitchen, into the hallway, and towards the front door. Siobhan's eyes were wide, and she stuttered for a second, obviously shocked, but not as much as she had been when Robyn had initially stripped down, the British girl instead following her naked friend as she walked towards the front door.

"You're really going to do this? Willingly?" Siobhan asked as the two girls stood right beside the front door, seeing the nervousness and embarrassment written all over Robyn's face, but the light from outside reflecting just right to reflect off the visible wetness of her crotch and thighs, and of course her hard nipples poking out, clear cut signs of her arousal.

"Just around the block?" Robyn asked, her hand reaching for the door handle, looking over to Siobhan's stunned face, the Brit nodding in response to her question, Robyn taking a deep breath before saying, "Let's get this over with."

With one motion, like ripping off a band aid, Robyn opened the front door, exposing her entire naked body to the street. The girls body went stiff, as a pulse of arousal shot through her as the warm noon breeze caressed every curve of her. Robyn's arms shot into covering positions, one draped across her breasts, her hard nipples poking into her forearm, while the other dove between her legs, her hand splayed out in an attempt to cover her blonde patch of curls, though a few stray hairs poked out, as well as her engorged and dripping pussy, the fit blonde having to take extra care not to accidentally stimulate herself while doing so. Extending one bare leg out, her bare foot met the concrete ground below, warmed by the sun, and with a half nervous, half horny sigh, she began walking, one step after the other, out towards the sidewalk.

Robyn jumped as she reached the sidewalk, at the sound of a door slamming shut, the fit blonde looking around frantically as the blush on her face grew hotter, looking to see if someone had just exited their house only to be treated to the view of the nude blonde shuffling along the sidewalk. Her heart rate calmed only slightly as she realised it was Siobhan exiting the house, and closing the door behind her, her British friend making a show of having the key, maybe in an effort to let Robyn know it wouldn't be as bad as her own streak since she wasn't locked out, but more likely to signal to Robyn that she would determine when the naked beauty would be allowed access back to the house.

The two continued their walk, Robyn torn between her nerves wanting her to walk as slowly and carefully as possible, the naked girl walking past each of her neighbours houses with not a stitch of clothing on, feeling her arousal only grow by the second until she was sure she was in some sort of horny hell, and wanting to move as quickly as possible to get this over with. Her body was on fire, and embarrassment fuelled arousal fire was burning within her, Robyn's hand covering her crotch emanating heat as she walked. Every sensation, from the sun shining down, illuminating her soft curves and every inch of pale skin, to the breeze caressing her, and the sensation of her feet on the ground, any hope of forgetting about or ignoring her naked state was lost.

"Careful, you don't have any ice cubes to save you this time." Siobhan joked as they were approaching the end of the street, nearing the main road. Robyn had been lucky that no one was around to see her nudity in the relatively enclosed street, but once out on the main road to loop back around, the amount of cars and people around during this time would be impossible to effectively hide from! Robyn wanted to cower, to give up the challenge and run back to the house to get dressed. But her pride, her damn competitive nature simply wouldn't allow it!

"I won't need them." Robyn said through gritted teeth as they approached the main road. Damn Siobhan, for making adding not cumming to her list of challenges, even if not specifically stated! Robyn felt her adrenaline pumping as they rounded the corner, the naked blonde beauty now standing on the sidewalk of the main road, emphasised by a car immediately speeding past. Robyn felt her heart thumping as she was counting how many pedestrians were walking up and down the road, her foggy mind giving up once she passed double digits. The reactions were not immediate, some walking the other way, and others not paying attention, but slowly and surely, attention started to be drawn towards the fully naked girl walking down the sidewalk, with only her arms for cover, and her face an impressive shade of crimson.

The reactions were slow, and varied. The people walking down the sidewalk almost all did a double take, their heads whipping around with their eyes wide, and Robyn could feel them taking in every inch of her exposed body, the nude girls arms, still in their covering positions, tightening their hold of her most private and precious areas, that she was finding to be very sensitive, and ridiculously tingly, her nipples she was sure would be able to cut through glass, and her pussy leaking hot lady honey onto the hand she was covering it with, the blonde feeling like she was again rapidly approaching orgasm.

The onlookers would mostly laugh or scoff at her embarrassing and shameful display, something Robyn was a little bit thankful for, that she didn't have to focus on any of them seeing her for more than a few seconds, even though the nude girl knew they were also getting a view of her athletic ass from behind. Siobhan though, it seemed wasn't satisfied with this, a hand making it's way to Robyn's shoulder, the Brit guiding her friend to one of the store fronts they were passing.

"Lets grab a quick drink and then head back." Siobhan said casually, as if she wasn't standing next to a naked and horny girl out in public. Robyn's mind was too busy trying to mentally hold off climaxing on the street in front of all these people. The concrete of the ground soon gave way to cool tiled flooring beneath Robyn's bare feet, the naked girl having not even registered what Siobhan said, or where she was being led, until she was already in the small corner store!

"Oh my god!" Robyn suddenly exclaimed, drawing the attention of Siobhan and the guy behind the counter, him looking up, and his eyes widening at the sight, "Siobhan, we come here like, every day!"

"And now you've been here naked!" Siobhan cheerily replied, turning back to the bewildered store clerk, "Afternoon Dave, can we get 2 lemonades?" Dave, who knew Siobhan and Robyn from their frequent visits was still staring at Robyn's glorious naked body, the blonde standing there, jerking and twitching, her arms doing their best to cover what they could of her intimates, but Dave still seeing enough to know Robyn was a natural blonde. Stuttering out a, "S...sure, no problem..." Before reaching behind him to grab the two lemonades out of the fridge behind him.

Robyn was on the edge, she knew there was no saving herself this time short of asking Dave if there were any ice cubes behind the desk. And the thought of that only served to heighten her arousal and bring her closer to the dreaded edge. It was only when she heard a car horn honk from behind her, alerting Robyn to the fact that she was still exposing her ass and entire back to the street, that Robyn lost it.

"Oh! Oh shit... oh.... Fuck.... Damn it!" Robyn moaned as her pleasure climbed to the height it had earlier, but unlike earlier, went beyond that, the dam inside her breaking and a mornings worth of pressure being released thanks to her exhibitionistic activities. Robyn's body went stiff, as her orgasm overtook her, her pussy convulsing with each wave of pleasure that overtook her.

Robyn felt the warm sensation of pleasure spreading through her body like a wave, and her breathing became shallow as her pleasure intensified. She felt her body start to tremble, and her legs began to shake beneath her. The sensation was too strong to resist, and she moaned softly as her orgasm took over. Her eyes fluttered shut, and her head fell back as her body became overwhelmed with pleasure. Every nerve ending was alive with sensation, and her naked body began to shake uncontrollably. Her fingers curled into fists, as she tried to keep herself standing as the waves of pleasure rocked through her. Every inch of her body felt alive, and her breathing became erratic as her orgasm began to reach its peak. She gasped, and her legs started to buckle, but she held her ground as her body was overcome with pleasure.

Finally, the sensation subsided, and Robyn slowly opened her eyes, the blonde feeling drained, yet completely satisfied, like no sex had ever made her feel. She was amazed that she had been able to stay standing during her spontaneous orgasm. Also amazed were her onlookers, Siobhan and Dave.

"Well we should be going Dave... Thanks for the lemonade." Siobhan grabbed the two bottles, leaving a few coins behind on the counter in payment, and began to drag the naked and panting Robyn out of the store, the dazed girl barely noticing as she recovered from her orgasm, as Siobhan led her back down the main road, towards the street they came from.

"I... I still win." Robyn panted, her arms resuming their covering position of her intimates, but her pride still intact despite her very public orgasm. Siobhan giggled,

"I guess. But don't get too cocky... you've still got another day left in the challenge."

"Shit."