Back to school shopping
by Melody16 

I think I've been reading and enjoying too many enf stories because I put myself in such a humiliating situation the other week, so I figured I would share.

Let's start by telling a little bit about myself. I'll go by Crystal, I'm 16 and just starting high school. I'm from a very small town so you know everyone. White, long blonde hair, blue eyes, glasses, skinny, average looking I guess. I'm not very popular in school, others would call me a band geek and often pick on me and tease me, especially about my small breasts.

My friends, Tara and Jennifer took me to the mall (more of a department store really) for some back to school clothes shopping. I'm wearing my blue jeans and a light blue short sleeve blouse, very conservative, what I typically wear. We start looking at some skimpy clothes, mini skirts, ripped jeans, tube tops, belly tops, thongs, that kind of stuff. Things we would never wear. The only revealing clothing I've ever worn was a dress that went to my knees, and that was for picture day. I start joking and carrying on how we should dress like that for our first day back to school, and how we would get so much attention from the guys. Then Tara says "I dare you to try that on." I immediately get embarrassed and say "no way." , but secretly I'm thinking how exciting it would be. Now both my friends are teasing me saying that I'm such a good girl and would never do anything risky. To their surprise I say "I'll do it." The look on their faces is priceless, I can tell they're in total shock.

I can see the excitement in their eyes, not wanting to let this opportunity go to waste Tara tells me that her and Jennifer will pick out an outfit for me to put on and wear around the store. At first i hesitate, mostly pretending not to want to be caught in this situation. I say "no way, this is only to try on, not to be seen in." Jen says "I thought you wanted to wear this to school, you can at least wear it for a few minutes." Tara chimes in "I knew she wouldn't do it Jen, she's too much of a goody two shoes." I try to act like their teasing and taunting actually worked and persuaded me. "If I do this you girls are buying me lunch" I demand "and no more teasing me about being a coward ever!" They both quickly agree and tell me to go to the dressing room and get ready.

I can hear them giggling as I start heading to the change rooms, at first I feel a little aroused at the idea of wearing something so 'naughty' in public. I can feel my heart beating faster, and my face getting redder. I look around the store and think to myself that there weren't this many people here a moment ago, also was the store always this big? I start getting nervous and panic and decide to call the whole thing off; tell my friends that I was just joking. I turn around to let them know, but they aren't right behind me, somehow I managed to walk to the centre of the store where the dressing rooms are. Immediately out of nowhere a lady who works at the store asks me if I need a dressing room. Somehow I feel like I am going to get in trouble so without thinking I blurt out "Yes please." She asks how many outfits I have to try on. I just stutter and stammer and explain that my friends have the clothes I wanted to try on and that they would be here any minute. I can tell she is annoyed, but she just rolls her eyes, unlocks one of the dressing room doors ushers me inside and says "if you need any help just ask." But you could tell she didn't mean it and had the attitude where she would be happier to not have to put up with any bratty teenage girls.

Being inside the dressing room, behind a closed door allowed me to calm down and stop panicking. I catch my breath and realize that I am being dramatic. There really wasn't that many people in the store, mostly older women, some mothers with their children shopping but not paying any attention to me. It was a Tuesday after all, not busy even though it's summer. Already I could tell that the assistancant had left to go do other work so I had my privacy. Realizing my friends should be here soon I decide to undress, thinking the faster I get this over with the better. I decide to take off my blouse first, and pull it over my head rather than unbuttoning it entirely. I get stuck but manage to pull it off over my head messing my hair. I hang up my blouse on one of the hooks in the room and turn to face the mirror. My glasses are crooked, my hair is out of place, I see the flat chested nerdy girl everyone makes fun of standing there in her unattractive beige bra. I fix my hair and glasses and stick out my tongue at the girl staring back. I tell myself that I'm an A cup and that doesn't make me flat chested. Next I unbutton my jeans and pull them off, hanging them up next to my blouse. Looking back in the mirror I feel better, I'm happy with how skinny I am. I think I look good in my black panties despite not matching. I turn around to get a look from a different angle; nope, still no ass, if any part of me is flat it is that. I chuckle to myself. Then I realize why I am here, and what I agreed to do and the feelings of being nervous, scared, and turned on all at the same time come back. I start thinking how embarrassing it will be if someone sees me especially any guys. I can feel my myself becoming wet and notice that my heart is beating faster again. I look and down and see my hand is over my panties between my legs rubbing and squeezing my crotch. I let out a faint moan. The next thing I know I am being snapped back to reality by my friends loudly screaming "Crystal where are you?" Idiotically I loudly reply "Quiet down I'm over here."

I hear my friends come over to the booth giggling and laughing their heads off, but at least a little quieter now. "We've found the perfect outfit for you, you're going to love it." Tara laughs. "Are you ready to try it on?" Jen inquires. "Yes, let's get this over with." I say trying to sound embarrassed. "You're not going to chicken out now are you?" Jen teased. "No" I answer. "Well to be sure, give us your clothes and we will trade you." Tara suggests. "No way! I never agreed to that" I object. "It is so you don't back out, like you always do" Jen snickers. "If your going to do this you better hurry up before the store closes." Jen reminds me." Still wanting to do this dare I took the excuse given. "Fine, just hurry and let's be done, you owe me dinner." I reminded them. "Only when you walk around the store with what we picked out for you." Jen reminded me. We all agree and I hand Tara my blouse and jeans under the door. "Where's the rest?" Tara asks. "What are you talking about?" I ask back. "You agreed to trade us your clothes for the ones we picked out." Tara insists. "I definitely didn't agree to that, just give me back my stuff, the deals off!" I say getting upset. "We knew you'd back out, so if you want your clothes you can come and get them." Tara says as they both start walking away taking hostage of my clothes. "Really funny girls." I laugh. No reply. I now know the mess I got myself into.

Still in denial I stay standing in the dressing room, just wearing my shoes, socks, bra and panties. I know I can't go out like this, I'd get in trouble, besides it be way to embarrassing. This isn't what I wanted. Almost in tears I hear my phone ring and I immediately pick it up. It's Tara. I can hear them both laughing through the phone. "Get back here with my clothes!" I order. "We knew you would back out, so we want to teach you to live a little and not be such a coward. We put your clothes somewhere safe, now we will trade you what we picked out for your underwear, and then you can go on a scavenger hunt." Tara tells me. My mouth is hanging wide open and I'm speechless. The next voice I hear is a reminder coming from the loudspeakers "the store will be closing in an hour." I hear Jen say in a taunting voice "you better hurry up." "alright" I say in a defeated tone. "We'll be right there" Tara says before hanging up with a loud click.

The many thoughts racing through my mind. I didn't think my friends would take it this far, surely they will be back with my clothes and say how they were just joking, but what if they weren't. What if they get mad and decide to leave me here with the store closing? What could be more humiliating than being found helpless like this? I quickly think of a plan, maybe I can get the assistant to get me some clothes and just buy them. "Hello?" I ask. No reply. I can't see much through the crack in the door, so I open it a little and take a look around, no one. "hello, can anyone help me?" I whisper. "We're here to help you." Jen says mockingly. I immediately retreat to the dressing room and shut the door again. "Not undressed yet?" Jen asks curiously. "No. Come on girls, this isn't funny." I try pleading. I can hear as they both laugh "Really? We find it quite hilarious." Tara says quite amused. "Fine, give me the outfit you picked out for me." I say trying to trick them. "You know the rules, we are going to trade, and time is running out." Jen says sounding rather impatient. "Unless you don't want the clothes we picked out for you?" Tara says jokingly. "Have fun looking for your clothes that we hid in your undies." Jen says knowing how humiliating it would be. Having had enough of their teasing I yell out "I'll just buy something else to wear!" Silence... I won, I think to myself. Tara interjects "Crystal" long pause "how can you do that when we have your purse?" I look around the dressing room, I forgot that you can't take your purse with you and that I gave it to my friends. "I'll ask you one last time. Do you want to make a trade?" Tara asked knowing she had won. "Yes" I answer defeated. "You have to ask nicer then that" Jen jests. "Yes, please" I say unimpressed. "Alright then it's about time you get naked." Jen pushes.

Knowing I have no other choice, with my back to the door, I finally give in, and begin to strip. I Unhook my bra from behind and let it slide down my shoulders, off my arms and fall to the floor exposing my breasts to the mirror. They seem smaller again, two pink nipples protruding from my chest. My friends finally stopped laughing, I think they actually started feeling bad because of how quiet I got. Holding back tears made me feel a bit more in control of the situation. I did get what I asked for I remind myself. I will get this over with quickly, get my clothes and get redressed, go home and hide under my pillow. As my confidence began to return I decide to remove my panties. I pull them down to my knees and let gravity do the rest. I step out of them one leg at a time. I glance at the mirror to see that I'm completely naked, except for my socks, which help a bit. I notice my pussy looks completely shaved, despite having a bit of blonde hair. Not wanting to be naked any longer I bend down and gather my underwear in a ball, and tell my friends I'm ready to trade. "Here you go." I say timidly. I can feel the last of my clothes being snatched away. "Very sexy beige bra and black panties" Jen taunted. I thought I could hear them whisper about how it looked like a training bra, something about a wet spot on the panties and how I must be enjoying this; although it could just have been my imagination. What felt like entirnity, but was only a few seconds. I ask, "can I have my outfit?" Adding a sincere "please" at the end not wanting them to make me beg more increasing my humiliation. "You can come out and get them now." Tara informed me. "What?" I scream as my eyes started to bulge and mouth was left wide open. "Just kidding, lighten up" she teased. "Jen is gone finishing the scavenger hunt we set up for you. She will be back quickly and then you can have your new outfit. I promise."

Hearing the thought of having to go outside the dressing room naked and grab the clothes startled me. The fear came racing back, what if they actually decided to do that. Would everyone in the store be staring and laughing at me? My imagination began running wild. I saw myself in the mirror, my face was blood red from blushing, I tried to cover up my nakedness by placing my arm over my breasts, and crossing my legs to hide my pussy. To my surprise I could feel my nipples against my arm, they were hard. I could feel how wet my legs were when I squeezed them together. My body was enjoying this, it wanted more, despite me wanting this nightmare just to be over. As if on queue I saw some clothes being thrown under the door. "Here you go, sorry about the wait." Tara said sounding almost apologetic. I think it will look great on you." I hear Jen say positively.

Finally I thought, as I grab the outfit from the floor, if you could call it that, there wasnt much fabric here. I want to start getting dressed as hastily as I can. I grab the first piece, a blue mini skirt. I slip my legs into it and pull it up to my waist. I look in the mirror hoping it will be longer then it feels. I quickly figure out this isn't a mini skirt, it's a micro skirt. From this angle my ass is exposed and you can still see my pussy lips just protruding from the hemline. I pull it down a few inches to cover my pussy and turn around. Sure now nothing is hanging out but you can see my ass crack. I pray it will be better with the rest of the clothes. I grab the white top and pull it on over my head. I figured it would be as skimpy as the skirt but luckily it covered my breasts. It was a regular tank top, very tight, and went several inches above my belly button, but could have been worse. I breathe a sigh of relief as I look around for some underwear to throw on. I don't see any other clothes on the floor, "ummm I'm ready for the rest." I inform my friends. "We figured since we picked out the clothes, you could pick out the undies. Besides we didn't know what size to get you." Jen laughed. Once again if on queue, the loudspeakers came on "the store will be closing in half an hour, please finish your shopping." I began to freak out, "please give me something." Tara ignoring my pleas told me "there are plenty of choices right next to the dressing room, and there is no one around if you hurry." Realizing my friends won't back down, I plan to grab the first thing on the shelf and run back and put them on and stop wasting time. One last peak in the mirror, if I hold my skirt down with my left hand I won't flash anyone. My top isn't see through, but you can make out my breasts and nipples poking at the fabric, so I will have to cover that up with my arm the best I can.

With my mind made up I open the dressing room door and bolt out almost knocking my friends to the floor. Luckily no one else was around and I was able to walk my way to the underwear aisle quickly without being seen. Not wanting to be picky I grab the first two things I can find. A satin blue bra, and a matching pair of panties. I race back to the dressing room, still keeping my arm across my breasts and holding on tightly to my skirt. As I get to the door I see that my friends are now on the floor screaming, crying, and laughing at my predicament. I realize Tara has her phone out and is trying to record every embarrassing moment. Jen in between her tears of laughter blurts out, "she looks like sailor moon." More laughing. I am not amused and realize I will have to deal with the phone later, I reach for the door handle of the dressing room and try to turn the knob and push the door open with my shoulder but it doesn't open. I try again and I get the same result. I locked myself out. Once my friends clue in to the dilemma I am in they can't control their laughter. This draws the attention from nearby shoppers and the assistant from before. Trying not to be seen I dash to the corner of the dressing rooms, not wanting to be in trouble either Jen and Tara compose themselves and follow. With my heart pounding it occurs to me I am still carrying the underwear from earlier and begin to put it on. I've never gotten dressed so fast in my life. The feeling of the satin panties covering my pussy made me not feel naked. I remembered the brief feeling of excitement of the air against my private parts as I burst out of the dressing room prior, but this felt secure and safe. Thinking we might still be pursued by the store assistant, I turned the corner again and hid between some clothing racks. I looked around and couldn't see anyone nearby so I took the opportunity to put the bra on. In my haste I grabbed a bra that was about three sizes too big, it didn't have any straps so I was able to clip it on in the front and pull it up. Doing so I inadvertently ended up flashing my friends who thankfully didn't catch that on video. I scrambled to adjust my bra, my shirt and the rest of the outfit. The dark blue bra was clearly visible trough the white shirt but only close up. The panties were also too big for me but the skirt had kept them in place. "The fun is over now let's get clothes and get out of here." I demand. Seeing how upset I was my friends agree to take me to retrieve my belongings.

I wanted this ordeal to be over but my friends were still having fun at my expense, capturing videos, pretending they forgot where they put my clothes, commenting that I should wear this to school, and asking where the other sailor scouts were. By now many of the shoppers had left the store but there were still a few people left. I tried zig zagging between many of the clothing racks as I could, or going up empty ailes, but occasionally I could feel people's gaze find their way to my body, but thankfully from a distance. I stormed through the store to the first location where my friends told me they hid my panties. Were in a baby clothes section, which my friends seemed to find hilarious. I say, "I don't see them." Jen instructs me that they are on the top shelf by the ladder. Knowing my friends aren't going to help I scowl at them as I begin climbing. I only have to climb a few rungs, but meanwhile Tara is trying to get a few upskirt shots from below. As I look around I say, "they aren't here" with an impatient tone. "Oh it was this shelf" Jen says mistakenly. I look over and sure enough my black panties are over on the next shelf. I climb down, move the ladder and climb up to retrieve my underwear. At this point I am utterly annoyed. I climb back down and to my surprise I am greeted by another associate of the store. "Can I help you find something?" he asks suspiciously. "No thanks" I say as I hide my panties behind my back. "Actually we're looking for bras" Jen says comically. "Over there" he points. Before he has a chance to say anything further I walk away in the opposite direction. "I think you made him very happy" Tara suggests. "Also what you're looking for you'll find in the guys clothes section." As we head towards my next destination I can see other teenage boys looking through some of the clothes racks. I also notice right in the middle of the section next to the baseball caps, hanging up is a small beige bra. Unimpressed I march towards my bra, grab it, turn around and march right back out. This time I could tell the guys were watching, I could even hear some whistling, hooting, and cat calling. Blushing from embarrassment I left from eye sight although I think a few boys may have tried following. My friends can tell that I've had enough and take me to the far corner of the store where they hid both my top and jeans together inside racks of discount clothes.

I wish I could say the ordeal ended there, as I headed toward the dressing rooms again in the almost empty department store, but things took a turn for the worse. I hear a voice call out "hey losers." As I said, almost empty store except for Linda, Tami, and Nicole, the popular pretty girls who would be seniors this year. The three of us pause in our tracks frozen in fear. We turn around and sheepishly say "hi" back. They immediately surround me and start poking at my outfit. "Well what do we have here?" Nicole snidely asks. "One of the band geeks wants to dress like a ho" Tami answered as she pushed me towards Linda. "I like the skirt" Linda says as she pulled it up a little bit showing off the large blue satin panties hidden underneath. "Stop that" I snap, trying to bat her hand away. "We're just admiring you're outfit" Nicole objects. "Yeah it looks good on you, except if you want to dress like that you should wear a thong" Tami adds. "That's a great idea Tami, let's get her one" Linda suggests. Before I can figure out what is going on Tami is on one side of me, Linda is on the other, and Nicole is blocking my friends from helping. The next thing I know I am being lifted into the air several inches from the ground by the satin blue panties. The pain in my crotch is agonizing. I let out a 'yelp' as I'm lowered to the floor again. I fall to the ground not being able to stand, but Tami and Linda still have a grip on the side of the panties. By now the panties are up around my waist near the bottom of my shirt. My friends are just staring at my predicament and begging the bullies to stop. I feel the two girls just start tugging on my panties more, now dragging me across the floor. Their laughter getting louder, I can feel my butt scraping across the hard floor and the pain shooting through my body. I am still in shock and don't know how to react to what is happening. After being dragged about 20 feet I begin to be lifted into the air again and placed on my feet, I can hear the fabric being ripped apart. The pain in my crotch is now excruciating. I look around, alot of eyes are on me and the girls. I look down and to my horror I realize somewhere the skirt had fallen off, about five feet away from where I am standing. I want to go grab it, but the pain in my legs and crotch won't let me move. Time seems to have stood still. I can hear laughter coming from around the store now. I'm still staring down in bewilderment. The panties are now in the shape of a thong, they were pulled so tight I can see my pussy lips and public hair sticking out around the fabric. I feel a slap on my bare ass from Linda as she says "there that looks better" as all 3 girls walk away laughing all the time. My friends come over and help conceal my nakedness from the onlooking crowd. They take me to the dressing room and give me my clothes to change. They can tell that I am in shock. I can hear as they explain what happened to some of the workers, who felt sorry for me. They take me out of the store, as the commotion had died down. When in Jeniffers car they apologize, explaining they deleted all the videos, and how sorry they are. I forgive them, but ask if they will help me get revenge.
