In Our Friend's Apartment
byEmiTsuruta©

This is the third letter that I have written. The first one was called "In the woods with my boyfriend." The second one was "On my university campus." If you have trouble finding them I guess you can send me an email.

Since we started getting more serious, Ryosuke and I have been spending a lot of time alone together, but actually I guess I first met him because he used to come down to the lounge outside the ESL classes where I was studying. He was always talking to this other girl, Asuna, and I kind of knew her because we had arrived at the college at the same time. At first I thought that the two of them were going out, but it turned out that they are cousins. Apparently, Asuna's parents knew that Ryosuke was going to college here in California so they arranged for her to come here so he could look after her or whatever.

I get along pretty well with Asuna and this other girl Satomi even though they were in a different class from me. Every day after our classes were over, we would go out to the lounge and Ryosuke would always be there waiting. At first, it was like he was coming to check that Asuna was doing OK, but then we all started hanging around together. Ryosuke didn't really feel comfortable hanging around with three girls so he eventually started bringing along two of his friends, Futoshi and Kenta.

Futoshi and Kenta come from rich families and are different from Ryosuke in a lot of ways. Ryosuke is pretty smart, and he tells jokes all the time and makes us laugh. He was sort of like the leader of our group, making plans and everything. At first, when Ryosuke and I started spending more time together, I think he was trying to get the others to pair off, but actually Asuna and Satomi are pretty shy, and so they mostly split off and talk to each other and me. Ryosuke kind of treats Asuna like she's his kid sister or something, teasing her and ignoring her and stuff, but she does act a bit like a kid sometimes. I think that the two guys feel kind of weird about Asuna being Ryosuke's cousin too, so anyway, nothing has really happened between them.

As time went by, Ryosuke and I gradually started to get more serious about each other, and so we stopped hanging around as a group as much as we used to. Maybe, I worry too much, but sometimes, I get the feeling that Asuna doesn't really approve of Ryosuke and me going out, and I wonder if she has told Ryosuke's parents about us. Ryosuke doesn't seem too worried about it though, but he doesn't worry about much really.

What brought all of us back together recently was that somehow Kenta managed to talk his parents into paying for a place of his own. We all helped him move in, but actually he doesn't have much stuff, so really it was just an excuse to get together again and talk and stuff. Kenta's brother or someone had sent him some Japanese videos, so after supper, we sat around watching them.

When it started getting late, Kenta invited us to sleep over. At first I wasn't too keen, but Futoshi offered to drive Asuna, Satomi and I to pick up our pajamas, toothbrushes, bedding and stuff so we finally all agreed. My host mom, Loretta, kind of gave me a strange look when I dashed in and just grabbed my stuff, but Satomi came in too and explained that I was staying with her, so Loretta said,

"Have a good time," and we headed out again.

We finally got back to Kenta's place and started setting up the bedding. Satomi and I put out some futons on the floor of the bedroom while Asuna got Kenta's bed. The three guys just kind of crashed on the carpet in the living room. At first, we were all too excited to sleep, but I was pretty tired so I kind of nodded off while the others were still talking.

The next morning, I woke up with the sun streaming in on my face through the windows. I felt something pressing against me, and opened my eyes to find Ryosuke lying right there next to me. I guess he must have slipped in after the others had gone to sleep.

At first, I forgot where we were and just kind of snuggled up next to him, but as I began to wake up, I saw Satomi lying on her futon just on the other side of Ryosuke. I kind of freaked and shook him to wake him up, but he was already awake. I whispered that we should get up before the others saw us, but he said not to worry because they'd all gone to bed pretty late. I looked up at the alarm clock. It was something like six thirty in the morning. I put my arms around Ryosuke and tried to relax.

Ryosuke was smiling this big grin, and then he leaned over and kissed me. My heart started racing because I kept thinking of the other two lying right next to us. I knew how Ryosuke was and how he tends to get carried away even when there are people around. Satomi was facing away from us at first and I couldn't really see Asuna because she was on top of the bed. I tried to breathe softly so they wouldn't hear.

Ryosuke as usual didn't seem worried at all, and he started to move his hand inside my pajama top. I was wearing big flannel pajamas, kind of like the ones guys wear, but with a pink curly Q pattern. I pulled the blanket up so no one could see. I could feel Ryosuke's fingers sliding up my stomach right to the edge of my bra. It was too tight for him to get in, but somehow he managed to get his arms around to my back and undo the bra. He started to undo the buttons on my top, but I kind of gestured for him to wait. I pulled my arms in through the sleeves into my top, and then let him pull the bra down and off. I put my arms back through the sleeves while he hid the bra under the futon. Satomi was lying there the same as before so I guessed that she was till asleep. I could hear Asuna kind of snoring above on the bed.

Ryosuke put his hand back up my top and started to run his fingers gently along my breasts. We both started to get pretty excited. However, suddenly Satomi rolled over on her back so we could see her face. Her eyes were still closed.

We just kind of froze there not daring to breathe, afraid that she would wake up and look over. She didn't, but even Ryosuke realized that we could not continue there, so we got up and walked out into the kitchen. On the living room floor, Kenta and Futoshi were snoring away. I was, like, so nervous, but I also had this feeling like I wanted to be close with Ryosuke.

I stood at the sink just out of view of Futoshi and Kenta. Ryosuke came up and hugged me from behind. My heart started beating a mile a minute as Ryosuke slowly slipped his hands into my bottoms. I started to breathe more heavily as he gently ran his fingers through my hair and started touching me.

He slipped both hands into the waistband of my panties and suddenly pulled down taking my pajama bottoms with them. I was kind of shocked. I covered my hair with one hand and put the other around to cover my bum. I peeked around the corner at the boys, as Ryosuke tried to get me to lift up my feet. I stepped out of pajamas, and felt this sudden rush. I couldn't believe I was standing there spreading my fingers to cover my bare bum. If Kenta and Futoshi woke up, boy would they be surprised. Ryosuke and I usually don't even hold hands in front of them let alone kiss.

I don't know, but sometimes, like when Ryosuke and I did it in the park, I feel so afraid that I don't really enjoy it, but for some reason, this time, I felt safer as if I could play around a bit. I got the sense that Ryosuke was more relaxed too, partly because neither of us expected that we would be able to be alone together. He had such a nice smile on his face.

I smiled back, pulled down the pajama top to cover my pubic hair and then turned around to face him. He made like this disappointed face, so I lifted the top up to show him the triangle of black pubic hair between my legs. I was starting to get so excited that I walked over to the doorway and stood there holding my top up. I spread my legs a bit and could feel this kind of sticky feeling as I looked down at the two sleeping boys and out the window. Kenta didn't have any curtains yet so the room was so bright with the morning sun.

Ryosuke came up behind me, and I felt his hand slide down my bum and between my legs. My face began to flush with embarrassment, and I tried to back up out of the light, but he held me steady as his finger found just the right place. My hips started moving guiding him right in closer round and round. I wanted to back away, to hide, but it felt too good.

Then all of a sudden he stopped. I turned to see him doing out the other door into the living room. I moved into the kitchen to get out of the light, feeling a bit disappointed. Then I realized he had gone to get his condoms. Doubt started to creep back. I began to feel anxious standing there alone in the kitchen with no bottoms on. I pulled the top down again and cautiously peeked around the corner.

Ryosuke came back holding his bag, looking so sad.

"I can't find my condoms," he whispered. I looked at him in shock. He had always been so good about things like that.

"Do ... does Kenta have any?" I suggested. He gave me a look that was a definite no.

"Wait a sec. I think there's a convenience store or something just down the street a bit. I'll go get some."

"I'll go with you," I said immediately.

"Like that?" he smiled an evil grin. I pushed my hand between my legs but felt even more exposed.

"No, just wait while I get dressed."

"We don't have time. Just grab a sweater of something."

I tiptoed into the living room and picked up my bottoms and panties where Ryosuke had thrown them. I stopped to look down at the two sleeping boys. Ryosuke motioned for me to lift up my top again, and I did, just for a second. "They don't know what they're missing," he cracked. I thought they might wake up but they continued snoring away.

I went into the bedroom, put on my panties and bottoms again, grabbed the white sweater I had brought, and pulled it over my head. Ryosuke had already opened the door so I quickly slipped on my running shoes and followed him. He had Kenta's keys in his hand, but we left the door open just in case we had to get back in a hurry. We tiptoed down the stairs trying not to make any noise. Outside, it was a bit cool but very sunny.

"How do I look?" I asked pulling the white sweater down as far as it would go.

"Like a girl in her pajamas and a sweater," he joked. We both laughed.

He hadn't brought any pajamas so he was already in his street clothes. I held his arm as we walked along the path that leads through the buildings of Kenta's condominium complex. There was grass on either side of the path and a few trees here and there, so it's nicer than the apartments we have back home in Japan. We even found an empty tennis court and an outdoor swimming pool.

"Pretty nice place," Ryosuke said enviously. I just held him tighter. I didn't care how rich Kenta was. I looked up at him with wide eyes.

It was still pretty early, so we didn't see anyone along the paths or even when we got to the street. There were cars parked here and there, but no people. I guess everyone was still asleep.

We finally got to the store. A bell went off when we opened the door, but there was no one at the counter. Ryosuke waited there for the cashier to come out, but I didn't want to be seen in my pajamas, so I went to the back to hide. I stood at the far end of the aisle and looked out the big front window towards the street. A car drove by, but otherwise it was still pretty quiet.

I could hear Ryosuke talking with the cashier. The cashier must have noticed my head over the shelves, because when Ryosuke went to find the condoms, I caught him staring at me from the other end of the aisle. As soon as I looked at him though, he immediately turned and returned to his room in the back.

Ryosuke came walking down the aisle stuffing the condoms into his back pack. He was smiling widely.

"Seems you've got a fan," he said, gesturing towards where the cashier had been standing. "Seems a bit shy though." I just laughed. I felt so happy, like I was on a vacation or something.

"Here, can you hold this for a second?" He handed me his bag, and then kneeled down in front of me, his back to the window.

"What ..."

He turned and looked out the window to see if anyone was coming, and then lifted up my sweater.

"What are you doing?" I whispered frantically moving the bag to my left just in case the cashier came back out and saw. He untied the string on my pajama bottoms, and then undid the button. I put my hand down to try to stop him, but he just brushed it away, and started to pull my pajamas down. "Hey!"

"Shhh! He'll hear you." Ryosuke nodded toward where the cashier was. He pulled my pajamas down till they were around my ankles, leaving my panties on this time.

"Kyaaa!" I shouted.

"Shhh! I said. Here lift your foot." With my free hand, I pulled the sweater back down to cover up my underwear. It felt really weird standing in the middle of this convenience store in my undies, but for some reason, I find it kind of funny too. I giggled a bit, and Ryosuke smiled up at me.

"Hurry up or I'll pull your panties down too." I held my legs together and leaned down to pull up my bottoms, but Ryosuke got his hand up my sweater, and was fumbling for my panties. I thought he was just kidding around so I didn't really fight, but when I tried to pull away, I almost fell over. He let go of my panties, but managed to get my pj bottoms off my feet.

"Hey, give those back." I was kind of shocked that he had actually taken them all the way off out here in public. I mean the apartment was one thing, but his was different.

He grabbed his bag and started walking away. I looked down at my bare legs. "I can't walk around like this."

"Sure you can. You can't see anything anyway. Your sweater's too long." I tried to pull it down to cover up, but it sure didn't feel that long. My underpants are made of this thin cotton, and I was starting to feel kind of funny again, excited or whatever. Ryosuke stuffed my pajamas into his bag and walked towards the door.

"Thank you!" he yelled at the cashier as he walked out. I ran after him holding the sweater down. Once we were outside, I started to talk louder.

"C'mon, Ryosuke. This is ... this is ... I mean we're outside and everything. I don't think this is such a good idea."

"If you just act normal, no one will notice." Another car drove by, but the people inside didn't seem to notice us.

"I don't know, Ryosuke ..."

"C'mon, let's go." He crossed the street and walked back up into the condominium complex with me running after. Some of the apartments had lights on. I tried to pretend like everything was normal, but every time, I let go of my sweater, it would pop up exposing my undies. I tried to pull it back down, but Ryosuke took my hand and started pulling me along.

"Who cares if people see your underwear? They'll think it's a swimsuit." We walked by the swimming pool and tennis court, and I stopped fussing with the sweater. I took a deep breath and tried to calm down.

We finally got to Kenta's building and used his key to get in through this side entrance. I started up the stairs. We were getting close to where everyone was still sleeping so I began whispering again.

"Now what are we going to do? They might be awake by now." About halfway up to the first floor, he grabbed me from behind. I tried to pull away, but he got his hands up my sweater again and started pulling down my panties. I grabbed at them, but fell forward and put out my hands to stop my fall. He lifted up one leg and pulled them off. I started to feel funny again, like something was tickling me down there.

Focusing to get back to reality, I bent over and reached down to try to get back my panties, but then I realized that my bare bum was sticking straight up in the air. I reached around to cover up, but he caught my arm and pulled it aside. I felt so embarrassed and tried to wiggle free, but that only made Ryosuke more excited.

He leaned forward, and I felt his lips touch my bum. Shocked, I felt, like, this electric charge run through me. I could feel his tongue probing around trying to find my most sensitive place. He soon found it, and I shuddered. The cool soft wetness of the tip of his tongue felt so good. I slouched forward onto the stairs, and he spread my legs wide apart.

My head was swimming. I wanted to run, to hide, but for some reason, instead, I tilted my bum up to make it easier for him to get at me. His tongue slid right into me. I spread my legs further apart as his tongue bobbed out again and started circling in just the right spot. I tried to think straight, but the softness of his tongue was making it impossible to focus.

I was swimming up and up. I would be just at the point when I thought I couldn't take it anymore. Then he'd stop, and just tease me for a while. I wanted him. I wanted him so badly. I would gasp and reach down to hold his hand, but then he would start again. He was driving me crazy.

Finally, one time with him flicking away, I was going up and up and I lost control. I couldn't hold back anymore. I just let go, and I remember this wave of pleasure, kind of washing over my body like nothing I've ever felt before. It was incredible.

And then it was over. I was still gasping, but I slowly began to come out of it. I could feel the hard steel of the stairs on my legs and breasts. I still felt light-headed, but I began to realize where we were. I wanted to say something, but I couldn't catch my breath. I turned around and Ryosuke looked amazingly calm.

"Did you like that?"

I smiled, but was too out of breath to say anything.

"Hey, listen I've got an idea." He looked back down the stairs but there was no one there, no noise at all. He sat me down, and I felt the cold step on my naked bum. I was still pretty high, and I began to get excited again. He started to pull up my sweater, but I felt too weak to resist. He pulled it right off over my head and then started undoing the buttons on my pajamas.

"Wha- ..." I was still out of breath. He pulled my top off, and suddenly there I was sitting naked (except for my shoes) in the stairwell of Kenta's building. I looked at my watch and it was just past seven. I wonder what time people get up here.

Ryosuke stuffed my clothes into his bag and tied it shut again.

"What ... ah ... ah ... what are you doing?" I covered my breasts and pubic hair with my hands as I became more and more nervous about where we were. He put out his hand.

"I just thought we'd go for a little walk. That's all." I remember my whole body shaking, but I stood up. Ryosuke took my hand, and started leading me down the steps toward the door. Finally, catching my breath I said,

"Oh Ryosuke, I really don't think this is such a good idea."

"OK, maybe you are right. Wait here a sec. I'll see if anyone is there." He let go of my hand and continued down the steps and then opened the glass door that went outside. There was another door on the right that led to the corridor where people lived. The light from the glass door was so bright. I looked down at my naked body in the reflected sunshine. This can't be happening.

Ryosuke went out and away from the building until I couldn't see him anymore. I began to worry that someone would come down the stairs so I walked down and looked out to see where he had gone.

For some reason, he was hopping and skipping around on the grass. Taking a deep breath, I opened the door and called out to him. There was this big apartment building just behind him, so I tried to keep as far back as possible.

"Ryosuke!" My voice sounded so loud in the morning air. Worrying that people would wake up if I called again, I waved for Ryosuke to come back.

"C'mon out, Emi. The weather is beautiful." I could feel the breeze on my whole body and it was quite warm, but there was no way I was going to go outside with nothing on but my running shoes. I was already starting to panic when I heard a door slam on the other side of the door just behind me.

"Quick, Ryosuke, someone is coming."

His face changed, and he ran back towards me, but I couldn't wait so I started bolting up the stairs. I heard someone coming up after me, but I wasn't sure if it was Ryosuke or the other person so I ran all the way up to the fourth floor. I cautiously opened the door to the corridor and looked down. There was no one there so I ran back to Kenta's apartment and quietly opened the door.

I breathed a big sigh of relief to have made it back safe, but immediately realized I was still naked. Kenta and Futoshi were still asleep on the living room floor. I took off my shoes, and quietly crept into the bedroom. Asuna and Satomi seemed to be asleep too. Thank heavens.

Hurriedly, I knelt down and pulled my jeans out of my bag. Oh no! Ryosuke still has my underwear. I waited for a minute to see if he would come in. Satomi rolled over, and I decided I couldn't wait. I pulled the jeans on over my naked skin. It was such a weird feeling wearing no underwear. As I looked around for a shirt, Ryosuke finally came in.

"Phew! That was close."

I signaled for him to be quiet, as Satomi continued to toss back and forth. I finally found a shirt, but as I started to put it on, Ryosuke came over and took my hand again. He pulled my shirt back up and off me as he led me into the kitchen.

"What are you doing? They could wake up at any moment." He had this playful look in his eye. He reached down and started undoing my jeans. I moved as far from the two doorways as possible, but I didn't stop him. I guess I should have, but actually I was still feeling high from our encounter in the stairs. I couldn't believe he was actually going to try to do it here in the kitchen with all our friends sleeping in the rooms right next. I shook my head no, but he grabbed my wrists with one hand, as he pulled down my jeans with the other. Half panicked, I peeked over into the living room, but Kenta and Futoshi still seemed to be fast asleep.

I was even more shocked when Ryosuke pulled his own shorts down and stuck out his ... well, you know. I hadn't really even got a good look at it before, and here it was sticking straight up. He ripped open a condom, and took my hand and showed me how to slide the condom on. It was like pulsing up and down as I ran my fingers along its length. He seemed to be enjoying it so I gave it a playful little squeeze. He got this weird look on his face and started to breathe pretty quickly so I let go.

He turned me around, and got me to bend forward. My legs were caught in the jeans wrapped around my ankles so I lifted one leg up and out and spread my legs. He dug his fingers into my hips, and then I felt him entering me from behind. It slid right in. I kind of twitched as I felt him filling me up. Right away he started to thrust in pretty deep. I was gasping but trying not to make any noise. He put his hand over my mouth, and pushed it in even harder. My body was on fire. Everywhere he touched me felt good.

I was so wrapped up in these feelings that I almost didn't notice when Satomi walked by rubbing her eyes on the way to the bathroom. I almost had a heart attack, but she closed the door without looking this way. Ryosuke had noticed too, but instead of pulling out, he kept on thrusting. All my feeling was going to where our bodies were joined. I was being swept along on a wave and Satomi was just a memory. I struggled to remember, but my body took over. There was just this feeling of Ryosuke being there inside me and that was all.

He exploded inside me so much so that I felt it right trough the condom. I followed a few seconds after, caught up in the wave. Ryosuke pulled out pretty quickly, but I feel forward onto the floor. I could vaguely sense him taking off the condom and cleaning up.

Still dazed, I looked down blankly at the jeans wrapped around one ankle. Ryosuke signaled for me to go to the bedroom, and I slowly did. I pulled the jeans off and collapsed onto my bed as Ryosuke closed the door from the outside.

"Wow!" was all I could think. Slowly I began to come back down to earth. Satomi came back into the room rubbing the sleep from her eyes.

"What are you doing?" Looking down, I realized I was still completely naked.

"I was hot," was all I could think to say.

"What if the boys see you?" She seemed pretty freaked out, so I sat up and reached down for my jeans. Shoot! Ryosuke still has my underwear and stuff. I got up on all fours, crawled over to the door, and opened it a crack.

"Ryosuke, can you hand me that bag?" Kenta and Futoshi were starting to stir. I began to realize I would have to change quickly before one of them tried to come in. I needed to shower too. Shoot.

I slowly rose to my feet and gathered my stuff. Satomi looked completely shocked.

"Wha- ... wha- ... what are you doing?"

"I was going to have a shower." I remembered the bra and pulled it out from under the futon while Satomi looked on. I opened the door and walked out into the hall. Ryosuke moved to block the view for the boys, but he gave me a little slap on the bum as I scurried into the bathroom. I was still feeling pretty high, but anyway, I took a shower and finally got dressed.

When I got out, Satomi gave me a strange look. I wasn't sure how much she had seen or suspected, but it looks as if she hasn't said anything to the others. Still this is definitely the closest we have come to getting caught yet.

I guess it was a few days later that I finally got up the nerve to talk to Ryosuke about how worried I am about what we've been doing. He listened to what I said and nodded, but he didn't look like he wants to stop even after being seen by Satomi. She is acting a bit cool towards the two of us, but I don't see her much anyway nowadays so I guess it doesn't matter.

I am still worried about the next time, but I guess I shouldn't be blaming Ryosuke for all this anymore. I mean if I really wanted to stop I guess I should have said no right from the start. Now it's like I'm actually beginning to enjoy it. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying I want to continue, but the one thing I do know is that that I don't want to break up with Ryosuke. Not yet anyway. What do you think? Anyway, write me if you have any good ideas or advice.
