New Car Shopping
by nakedskin2000©


This is Chapter 1 of a short story. Chapter 2 will follow shortly. Please leave 
any feedback or comments, they are helpful! Enjoy!!

*

It was a bright summer day when my good friends Dave and Maggie decided to buy a 
new car. Their only source of transportation had finally kicked the bucket a 
month or so ago. They had been borrowing and bumming rides and even rented a car 
for a few days while laboring over the decision of whether or not to repair 
their clunker or get something else. Looking at the vehicle itself, one would 
not even think twice about the decision, dump it. However, from what Dave has 
told me, he and Maggie have had a lot of good memories and special moments in 
that car and that made it very special to them. The old 1998 Dodge Intrepid had 
seen it share of romantic Dave and Maggie moments. It was that car that took 
them to their first drive-in movie on their first date. It also was the place 
where they held hands for the first time and shared their first kiss under a 
beautiful full moon in the heart of Texas. Eventually it was also the first 
place they were intimate. Even though, according to Dave, the backseat was 
cramped, the two lovers became one on that magical night. Yes it would be hard 
to get rid of the old faithful companion but knowing that they could have so 
much more fun in a newer vehicle finally sealed the Dodge's fate. Next weekend 
they would go car shopping.

Dave works strange hours and is out of town much of the time, so he asked me if 
I could go with Maggie one day to start the search for a new car. Being the 
generous friend that I am I agreed. Of course the fact that Maggie was a 
knockout made the decision a whole lot easier. Maggie stands about 5'4" and 
weighs around 130lbs. She is athletic and toned from spending 4 to 6 days a week 
in the gym. Her flowing brown hair accentuates her glowing face with those big 
brown eyes and pouty full lips. Her body is tight from her 34B sized breasts to 
her taut ass and legs. Yes she is a knockout and she knows it. We agreed on 
hitting some car lots after work hoping they would be empty of pushy salesmen. I 
picked her up at their apartment around 7PM. She answered the door in her 
workout clothes, a tight spandex top and tiny black gym shorts. She said that 
she just got home and didn't have time to change. I told I could wait, like an 
idiot, but she said no and grab a jacket and bounced out the door. As she locked 
her apartment I was already in my car admiring the view. Man she was smoking. 
Finally she made it to the car, opened the door and slid in next to me. I 
thought I was seeing things but I could have sworn that I got a quick peek of 
her inner thighs where her shorts were supposed to be cover. Needless to say I 
was intrigued and we started off to the car dealerships.

We arrived at the first dealership and we both got out and started to roam the 
lot. She kept asking questions and I kept answering them, I think. I could not 
help but think of what I might have seen earlier. I had to figure a way to find 
out. Then it hit me. Get her to sit in some of the vehicles! Unfortunately the 
lot we were in was closed so all of the cars were locked. I told her lets go to 
another one. Through the whole ride I kept stealing glimpses of her toned legs 
thinking that that lucky bastard Dave got to get in between them whenever he 
wanted! The next lot we pulled into had signs of life. I almost jumped out of 
the car in a rush to get Maggie into one of the cars on the lot. We walked 
around and I found a truck that was raised up some and said she would look cute 
in that and that Dave would love it. She giggle but did not look interested.

"Come on, Mags. You would look so hot driving that and what man doesn't love a 
pickup truck?" I said.

"Really?" she asked.

"Give it a chance," I responded, "at least sit in it."

She agreed, opened the door and hopped in. She did look great in the truck. This 
petite piece of sex wrapped up in all that steel and horsepower. I was like a 
kid at Christmas as he slowly unwraps his biggest gift. She started to slide out 
of the cab and I was rewarded with the perfect view! Her tiny shorts opened up 
nice and wide giving me an unobstructed view clear up her thigh. She was wearing 
a tiny black thong that clearly left me thinking that she either had a tiny 
landing strip of pubic hair or none at all. My dick instantly responded by 
shooting up straight! I was so turned on that I told her that maybe we should 
call it a night. She agreed and I dropped her off at her place and rushed home. 
Once inside my place, I had my pants off and my dick in my hand rubbing off a 
few good ones thinking of that heavenly vision from the car lot!

A few days later Dave was back in town and we got together for lunch. He asked 
me how the car hunting went. We talked about that for a few minutes but he could 
tell my mind was elsewhere.

"What's on your mind, bro?" Dave asked me.

"I don't know how to tell you this but I think I should" I responded.

"Look we been best friends for years, just tell me" he said.

"Ok, well when Mags and I were car shopping there was an incident," I said, "I 
sort of got a quick peek up her shorts as she was getting out of one of the 
cars. She had a thong on but still I got a real good look."

"Ok," he responded. Dave sat for a few minutes thinking about the situation and 
finally he said, "It's not a problem. I'm glad you liked what you saw at least."

That is how we left it. We finished lunch chatting about sports and cars, 
everything was copasetic. That is until I got a phone later in the week. Dave 
called and asked if I could do him a huge favor and go car shopping with Maggie 
again since he was called away at the last minute for business. I said sure and 
we agree on the upcoming Saturday. I pulled into Dave and Maggie's parking lot 
and honked the horn. The door to their apartment opened and Maggie floated out 
as if she was a vision caught on a breeze. She looked gorgeous. She was wearing 
a very thin summer dress that showed off plenty of her toned skin. She drifted 
down the stairs and to the car, opening the door in a subtle movement. She slid 
in next to me and I was speechless. That Dave was one lucky bastard, but I did 
not know that today I was going to be one lucky bastard as well.

We drove in silence for awhile and I noticed that Maggie seemed uncomfortable. 
She was restless and fidgeting in her seat. Finally I asked if everything was 
alright. She said yes but then added,

"You know Dave told me about your conversation at lunch the other day."

My face flushed, "Oh really?"

"Yes. And I have got to be honest with you it turned me on, immensely!"

"Oh really?"

"In fact after Dave told me about it, we had some of the best sex ever!" she 
added, "And I was wondering if you could do me a favor?"

"Sure, what is it?" I asked.

"Well I was hoping you could indulge me but "documenting" some "creative" 
shopping for me today?" she asked. 

I could see she was slightly embarrassed to be asking me this but turn on as 
well. I smiled at her and pretended to think deeply about her offer. Obviously I 
had already made up my mind, HELL YEAH! 

"Ummmm, sure if you think Dave wouldn't mind," I responded.

"Don't worry about him," she said, "He will definitely love the result!"




New Car Shopping Ch. 02
by nakedskin2000Â©


As we drove to the first dealership Maggie reached into her purse and produced a 
small digital camera. She explained that she wanted me to take some pictures but 
to be as discreet as possible about it. We pulled into the lot and no sooner had 
our doors closed were we swamped with salespeople. We politely declined and move 
around the lot by ourselves trying to find an out of the way section of the 
dealership. We finally made our way to where the big pick-up trucks were parked 
and she decided that climbing in and out of one of the large machines should 
produce a few good shots. 

She opened the door to the raised up Ford 250 and as she was about to climb up 
we heard from behind us, "She's a beauty isn't she?"

A salesman had followed us over. I discreetly palmed the camera and Maggie froze 
not knowing what to do. The salesman encouraged her to hop in and feel the 
quality of the leather seats. I positioned myself in such a way as to be behind 
the salesman but close enough to snap a quick picture. From our positioning, if 
she did get into the truck both the salesman and I would have a very good look 
at what was under her flimsy summer dress. 

Maggie continued to hem and haw and finally I said, "Go ahead Maggie, you know 
Dave will want to hear all about it and you should get the complete experience."

With that an evil grin crossed over her beautiful face. She lifted her right leg 
up and immediately her skirt moved way above her thigh. She hoped in fast but 
not before the salesman and I got an eyeful and I snapped a quick picture. My 
God, what a beautiful sight it was. Her pussy was completely shaven and tanned. 
Obviously she had either laid out naked at the apartment or bought some tanning 
session; either way, at least from the waist down, she was completely tanned, 
not even the hint of a tanline! I could see her face was flushed and the 
salesman was clearing his throat when I asked how it was. She said it was 
exhilarating to be in such a vehicle. She played with some of the buttons and 
knobs on the dashboard, stalling, building her courage to dismount the truck. I 
knew the salesman was not going anywhere until she got out of the truck either. 
Finally she had garnered up enough nerve and slid out of the truck. Her skirt 
once again rode up exposing her tanned slit to us. I snapped another quick 
picture as she hit the ground. She quickly rushed to me grabbing my arm pulling 
me to our car. She thanked the salesman and rushed us out of the dealership. 
Once in the car I noticed she was breathing heavily.

"That was so fucking incredible!" she exclaimed.

"Yeah, yeah it was," I responded.

"Did you get a good look at, you know, "it"" she asked sheepishly.

"Ummm, well...yeah a pretty good look," I said, "It is quite exquisite!"

With that being said, I drove off to the next lot with a grin on my face and a 
hard-on in my jeans. We drove in silence for awhile and eventually we hit 5 car 
lots in all. Each lot produced its own set of challenges but we managed to take 
plenty of pictures while giving employees and customers alike a free flash. One 
lot saw Maggie flash her bountiful breasts by pulling down her sundress, another 
saw her exposed her tight ass leaning over the hood of a shiny black Mustang and 
yet another saw her sitting in an expensive BMW with both her hands gripping the 
wheel with the top of her sundress resting around her waist. After the last car 
lot Maggie asked me to take her home. On the way back to her apartment I could 
sense the sexual tension inside my car. Both Maggie and I fidgeted in our seats. 
The erection in my pants made driving uncomfortable. That being said it was even 
more complicated to concentrate on driving with visions of Maggie's perfect 
naked form flashing across my mind. I could not wait to get home and jerk off! 
My balls felt heavy with my seed and I needed to release the pressure soon.

"So what do you think about today?" she asked, "You don't think I am a slut or 
anything do you?"

"Hell no, girl!" I quickly responded. "I think it's great that you and Dave are 
into exploring the boundaries of your relationship."

"I am glad that you feel that way because Dave gave me permission to explore 
another boundary."

With that she moved her petite hand onto my upper thigh and began a nice strong 
massage of my leg. She slid her hand upwards until her palm rested on the stiff 
bulge in my jeans. She gently squeezed my hard member through the denim of my 
pants.

Licking her lips she whispered, "Dave said that if I wanted to I could give you 
a private show. Would you like that?"

As the remaining blood in my head rushed to my loins, all I could do was nod my 
head dumbly. I was stunned that this attractive little fireplug was going to let 
me see all the goods, unfettered and unhindered. Quickly searching the area of 
town we were in, I pulled the car into a deserted shopping mall parking lot and 
parked it behind one of the empty stores. Once parked Maggie undid her seat belt 
and locked her piercing brown eyes with mine. She opened the car door and slid 
out of the passenger's seat like a feather caught on a gentle breeze. Once 
standing out in the open air, she crossed her arms and grabbed the hemline of 
her dress. In one quick motion she lifted the dress above her head and then took 
it completely off. From the open door I got an excellent look at her body from 
her neckline down to her upper thighs. She was flawless! Her breasts were a 
perfect handful and were capped with hard pink nipples the size of pencil 
erasers. Her abs were well defined on her flat tummy where a silver chain hung 
down from her bellybutton piercing. As I noticed earlier, her pussy was 
completely shaven bare. Her nether lips were puffy and red; she obviously liked 
how the day was going! Maggie jumped back into the car, her dress crumpled on 
the floorboard. Her chest was heaving rapidly as if she had just run a marathon.

"Holy shit! That was fucking hot!!" she exclaimed, "Look at how fucking wet I 
am!"

With that she spread her perfectly sculpted legs, running her hands across the 
skin of her inner thighs. I was hypnotized by the sight of her pouting pussy 
lips and how they glisten with her moisture. She placed her left hand on my 
trapped one eyed trouser snake and her right hand on her slippery honey pot. She 
began to rub both areas with an urgency unmatched in mutual masturbation 
history. The sensations caused us both to begin moaning out loud. As she 
approached an orgasm she removed her left hand from my holstered monster and 
began massaging her breasts. She bit her lower lip as her ecstasy over took her. 
Maggie's right hand became a blur as it pleasured her erect clit. Finally the 
dam burst!

"Ah, ah, ah, UUGGGGHHHHH!!!!" 

She cried out loudly as her most intimate womanly experience flowed throughout 
her body. I watched as her entire body shook violently with orgasm. She was 
nearly hovering above the seat with rapture. She slumped in the seat as her 
pleasure receded with her eyes closed and her breath shallow. I could not resist 
the urge to reach out and stroke her sweaty skin. As I touched her thigh her 
eyes shot opened.

Stay tuned for Chapter 3...



New Car Shopping Ch. 03
by nakedskin2000©


We stared into each other's eyes for what seemed like an eternity but in reality it was no more than a minute. I could see the fury burning deep within her dark brown eyes. I began to slowly withdraw my hand from her thigh when her hand shot out at lightening speed securing my wrist. What I mistook for the fury of anger was in actuality the fury of lust! She slid my hand up her thigh, across her stomach, and to her right breast. I instinctively started to massage her supple flesh. She closed her eyes and tossed her head back while I groped her exquisite breast, pressing my palm firmly against her hard nipple. She spread her legs as far as the confines of my passenger seat would allow, her free hand circling her sex mound. Soft moans escaped passed her lips as her hungry fingers dug into her soaking wet womanhood. Within minutes her grip on my wrist tightened even further. I could sense another powerful orgasm was about to tear through her body with the force of a F5 tornado.

"ughh, uggh, Ughh, Ughh, AHHHHHHHHHH FUUUCCKK!!!" she screamed as her orgasm crashed through her and her cum rushed over her hand and onto my leather seat. 

I watched in total amazement at the sight of her pure ecstasy. Her whole body reflected it as if it were a mirror. As she came back down to earth she noticed the swollen and now wet lump in the crotch of my jeans. Without saying a word she placed both hands on my crotch grasping at the zipper. Maggie carefully unzipped my pants and reached inside my very wet underwear. Taking a hold of my straining member, I gasped audibly as she maneuvered my meat out of my underwear and jeans and into the open air. I watched as she began to gently stroke my exposed shaft. My precum had more than lubricated the sensitive skin of my love stick. Like a fool I had not thought of capturing her public masturbation with the digital camera. I was not going to repeat that mistake again while she gave me a wonderful handjob. Even though it is a well known fact that the ladies cannot stroke a hard cock as well as the guys (since we have so much more practice at it), this was about as damn near perfect as one could get! I aimed the digital camera and started shooting pictures of the action. I knew I wasn't going to last long after all of the teasing the day had offered. Maggie gripped my dick tighter and started pumping my shaft faster and faster.

"Ugh, Fuck! You are going to make me cum soon!" I managed to say.

She just kept pumping my dick. The then took her free hand and held back her long brown tresses. Lower her head to my meat pole, she gently lapped at the purple head of my cock. That was enough for me!

"FUCK I AM GONNA CUUUMMM!!" I cried out.

She opened her mouth wide and with one final stiff downward stroke my cock exploded sending cords of thick white cum into her gaping mouth. Stream after hot stream of my ejaculate splashed against the back of her throat. She lower her head further encapsulating my dickhead with her lips. Sucking hard, she prolonged my orgasm milking more of my seed from my heavy balls. When my dick finally stopped contracting, she lifted her head and opened her mouth wide. There in front of me was this beautiful women who was dating one of my best friends with a mouth full of my cum. I had pumped so much of my seed into her mouth that copious amounts had dribbled out over her bottom lip and onto her heaving breasts. With a wide cum smile on her face I snapped a few final pictures. She then swallowed my man juice, licked her lips, and began to get into her sundress. I grab her by the shoulders and stopped her progress. As she sat up and looking into my eyes I leaned forward and began sucking on her left nipple. What made this even more exciting was the fact that some of my seed had sought refuge on that nipple and for the first time in my life I tasted my own cum! Doing the deed set something off inside of me, something primitive, primordial. I proceed to clean the remaining driblets of my nut butter from her chest, chin, and lips. With every lap of my eager tongue, Maggie moaned louder and louder! When I finally finished cleaning her body, my cock was at full mast again.

Looking at it, Maggie said, "I highly doubt you are going to be able to fit that monster back into its cage. You better let me see if I can tame to beast some first!"

With that Maggie opened her door and slid out of the car. She walked around to the hood and laid out spread eagle on the hood of my car, her perfect tits mashed against my paint job. She just stared at me for the longest time. Finally she licked her lips and motioned with her slender finger for me to join her. I did not need a second invitation! I flew from the car and in the process of my exodus I removed my jeans and underwear. I hurried to the front of my ride and promptly buried my face between her outstretched legs. My nose pressed against her anus as my tongue darted around her juicy pussy. My god she tasted good! I ate her pussy right there in that abandoned parking lot for a good 5 minutes. Finally I could not wait any longer to feel her velvety slit encase my sex steel. 

Flipping her over onto her back I gazed at her naked form. I slid Maggie closer to me and let my fat hard dick rest against her bald pussy mound. I slid my dick back and forth over her puffy nether lips burrowing my cock a little deeper with each pass. Our combined juices overflow provided more than enough lubrication. Maggie was so horny, she finally reached her bursting point.

"GODDAMNIT, WILL YOU FUCKING STICK THAT FAT COCK IN MY PUSSY, NOW! FUCK ME ALREADY!!" she wailed.

And with that I plunged my flesh sword to the hilt into her pussy!

"Oh FUUUUUCCKKKK!!!" we cried out together.

I start a stiff rhythmic pistoning of this wonderful creature. My cock slid easily in and out of her sex crevice. My balls slapped against her ass cheeks and the hood of my car simultaneously. Our grunts of passion were deep and loud. Her cum flowed freely from her pussy coating my shaft and balls, leaking casually over my nice red paintjob. I was in heaven and knew I could not last long. I increased my paced and raced to my own climax. On the verge of exploding I grabbed both of her perky tits and squeezed. She wrapped her legs around my body and pulled me closer. I could feel her inner pussy muscle begin to massage my dick, coaxing the release of my nut butter. With one last deep stroke I bottomed out in her pussy hitting he g-spot. She dug her nails into my back as we both screamed out with desire. My dick exploded sending volley after volley of my hot cum deep into Maggie's womb. My ass clenched involuntarily as my climax continued. I could feel my sperm being pushed passed my cock and out of her pussy. Finally it stopped. I stayed buried in her honeypot until my rigid warrior went limp. As I withdrew from her pussy, Maggie stayed still with her legs outstretched enjoying to post coital bliss. Finally she looked up and noticed that I was staring directly at her freshly fucked taco.

"Why don't you take a picture, it will last longer," she said sarcastically.

"Okay," I replied. And with that I grabbed the camera quickly and snapped off three good shots of my cum leaking out of her pussy. 

We got dressed and finally made our way back into my car. During the ride back to her apartment, nothing was said. She merely got out of the car and floated inside where I am sure a very horny Dave waited to hear about the day's adventure! 


New Car Shopping Ch. 04
by nakedskin2000
It was a few weeks before I saw, spoke or even heard from Dave. Then one day out of the blue while checking my email, I noticed an email from Dave. For the most part it was nothing more than small talk, asking about getting together for lunch the next week. Then at the bottom it read:

"Oh by the way, I loved the pictures you took of Maggie and I guess you all had a great time! I enclosed some of the pictures you took as a reminder!"

Opening the attachments revealed very sexy pictures of Maggie. Immediately my blood began to boil and the memories of that wonderful afternoon flooded my consciousness. I needed to relieve the pressure my growing erection was causing in my pants. I unzipped my jeans and snaked out my hardening cock from my underwear. While looking at Maggie's perfectly toned and naked body, I massaged the sensitive head of my dick. My precum provided the perfect lubrication for my masturbation session. It only took a few minutes to reach my point of no return. Soon I was grunting my pleasure as thick cords of my hot seed detonated from my cock and splashed across my chest and lap. Before I cleaned up the mess I made, I replied to Dave's email confirming a lunch time the next afternoon.

Dave was waiting at the table when I arrived and I have to admit I was a little nervous approaching my friend having carnal knowledge of his lovely girlfriend. He rose, smiled, and extended his hand just like he always has. It was obvious that everything was copasetic between us and he was okay with the situation. 

"How's it going, buddy?" he asked.

"Good, good. You?" I replied.

"Busy as usually and we are still no closer to deciding on a car."

"Oh really, that sucks." I said, "Well if there is anything I can do to help, just let me know."

"Well, that is sort of why I asked you here. I was wondering if you could help us one more time?" he asked. "I was wondering if you would go with both of us this time and document the day?"

I thought for a second. I could not believe my luck. Here was my best friend asking me to be part of another sexual adventure of theirs. The best part was I would once again get to see Maggie naked live and in living color! It took about two seconds for me to make my decision.

"Sure! Anything to help!"

We hammered out the details over lunch and decided to get an early start that weekend. I could not focus on anything other than seeing Maggie naked again. I even had to leave work once to rub one off in the parking lot. My orgasm was so powerful that my cum actually hit the interior roof of my car! The week finally passed and the weekend was upon us. I hit the rode early and arrived at Dave and Maggie's at 7 o'clock sharp. I honked the horn and Dave was the first to come out. He leaned down by the driver's side window and told me that Maggie was just finishing getting ready and she would be out in a minute or two. We chatted about nothing for awhile and then we heard the door to their apartment close shut. Like it was scripted, we both turned to look at the vision at the top of the stairs that lead from their second story apartment to the ground floor. Maggie was absolutely stunning. She stood for a moment at the top of the stairs wearing tiny white cutoff shirt that exposed her toned stomach and even tinier cutoff jeans. As she came down the stairs and approached the car it became obvious that those were the only two articles of clothing she was wearing. This was going to be a great day!

As we drove to the first car lot I stole as many glances as I could at Maggie's fabulous legs. Her daisy dukes did little to cover them and I was certainly enjoying the view. Meanwhile Dave sat in the back and prattled on about how they would approach the flashing and how I should take the pictures. Somehow it seemed less exciting with him there scripting the event but I knew that would all change with the first appearance of Maggie's spectacular nude body. We pulled into the first lot and all hoped out of the car. The lot was not opened yet and that allowed us the freedom to roam the lot freely. I took several pictures of Maggie flashing her breasts near several cars. The sight of her tits caused a reaction in my pants but I knew the best was yet to come. The next lot saw more people and more opportunities for Maggie to exposed her body and create sexual excitement. She actually took her tiny shirt off while standing next to a BMW. While I snapped a couple of pictures a female salesperson came over and caught us. Maggie covered up quickly but the saleslady just smile and asked to be in the picture. We obliged, got the shot, and moved on. Inside the car you could cut the sexual energy with a knife!

As we continued to drive Dave reached his hands around the front seat and began to massage Maggie's breasts through her shirt. Her nipples were obviously hard and I snapped a couple of pictures while we drove. As we passed a RV lot, Dave asked to stop in there. I looked in the rearview mirror and saw a wicked grin slink across his face. I did as I was instructed and dumped the car into a vacant spot on the lot. We got out and traversed in and out of the motor homes. After separating ourselves from the crowd Dave stepped on and tried the side door on a 40' long brand new coach motor home. It was open and we piled inside. Dave suggested we take some fully nude pictures inside this modern behemoth. Maggie was quick to agree and started stripping of what little clothing she wore. I casually snapped picture after picture while admiring her naked beauty. Apparently in the weeks following our first photo shoot, Maggie had grown a small landing strip that was starkly contrasted against her new bikini bottom tan line. The flesh of her pubic area was milky white and stood out loud and proud against her otherwise bronze skin. And her thin dark brown landing strip really drew attention to her womanly slit. I started shooting Maggie in all her glory. I took shots of her sitting in the captains' chairs, shots of her boobs with their hard pink nipples, her toned ass, and her heavenly pussy. It was very obvious with her new tan line that she was very aroused. Her honeypot was swollen and bright red. Her moisture had spread from her inner lips to her outer lips and caused her whole sex to glisten. 

"Hey babe, come on back," Dave called out.

I turned as Maggie walked past me and in my fevered admiration of her body I hadn't noticed that Dave had strip completely naked. We have been friends for years and in all that time we had never seen each other naked. And now there he stood by the kitchenette with a semi-hard cock sticking straight out at Maggie as she approached. I kept shooting pictures as she sauntered up to her man and gently grasped his rapidly hardening member. She playfully tugged on his flesh rod as they kissed passionately, his hands roaming all across her firm ass cheeks. Soon they forgot I was even there as Dave help Maggie sit up on the faux granite counter. She instinctively knew what her man wanted. She spread her athletic legs as wide as she possibly could while he knelt before the alter of pure sex. I zoomed in on her tight twat and got a great capture of her pussy lips unfolding revealing her inner pinkness. She was soaking wet as Dave used his tongue to probe her most intimate of areas. Maggie purred like a cat at a saucer of milk while Dave administered to her pleasure orally. As Dave continued to eat her pussy, she her moans grew louder and I knew she was close to cumming. So I switched the camera from picture mode to video capture mode. Within minutes Maggie was grabbing the back of Dave's head and smothering him against her wanton sex hole as she came!

"AH AH AH UUGGGHHHHH!!!" she cried as she climaxed.

On her way back down to this planet she and Dave switched places. She wasted no time take his large hard member into her delicate mouth. She began giving him loud sloppy wet head. Dave had his eyes closed and his head back as Maggie bobbed up and down on his long shaft, cupping his heavy balls with her petite hand. I kept the video rolling as Dave rushed head long to his own climax. 

It was almost as if he knew what I was thinking when he opened his eyes and said to me, "Come on, dude, get in on some of this!"

I did not need to be asked twice and within seconds I was naked stroking my hard dick. Maggie stopped sucking Dave's cock and turned to take mine in her hot mouth. Dave wasted no time in sliding his meat stick into her dripping wet pussy. With one powerful stroke he completely sunk into her. The result pushed her forward forcing her to deep throat my thick rod. The sensation was incredible and almost made me cum instantly. Dave started to fuck Maggie urgently. His hips slapping loudly against her ass and within a few strokes he cried out as he dumped his hot seed deep within her love canal. He withdrew his flaccid dick from Maggie and grabbed the camera to shoot the action still going on. Dave's cum embedded deep within her seemed to fuel her lust. Maggie was sucking and stroking my shaft and balls like a wild woman. It did not take long for me to reach my breaking point. She must have sensed the swell in my dick because she popped my dick from her mouth. Stroking my shaft faster, Maggie started talking like a whore.

"Fucking cum all over my face! Shoot that load on my slut face, bitch! Give this slut what she needs!" she wailed.

What she did next was the raunchiest act I had ever been involved with. Kneeling in front of me with her mouth open, tongue extended, stroking my hard cock, this naked beauty stuck her middle finger up my ass! As soon as her fingered penetrated my virgin asshole, my cum erupted from my cock like a volcano! I deposited stream after thick stream all over her face, lips, tongue, and even the carpet of that $100,000 RV! My seed kept spurting from my shaft for what seemed like an eternity. When it finally stopped I was both physically and emotionally spent. We hurried to get dressed and leave the RV lot. I was so weak from her incredible blow job that Dave had to drive us back to their apartment. As they climbed out of my car Dave said he would get me copies of this most recent session and maybe next week we all could go shopping again. I couldn't wait until next week, so I turned to car off and knocked on their door. Maggie answered the door stark naked. She simply grabbed me by the collar and pulled me inside. But that is a different story!
