Erica's Spring Break
by Aznight

Erica comes home for break and returns to her old habits...

Jim flicked the signal left as he merged onto Interstate 95 for the hour long drive to the Orlando Airport. His stepmom was working and Dad was on a business trip up north, so the task of picking up Erica had fallen to Jim. He was almost 20 and would be graduating from the local state college soon. For now, he was living at home until he decided what to do next. Erica was his stepsister; His dad had married Erica's mom, Rachel, nearly ten years earlier.

The family had always meshed well, with the exception of Rachel's contempt for Erica's free-spirited shenanigans. Despite Rachel's objections, Erica had chosen to accept a scholarship from an art college in Vermont. She was out of classes for spring break and had flown home to visit for a few days.

The family had made this trip many times throughout the years to pick up relatives, so getting to the terminal was no problem for Jim. Standing near the gate, he caught himself checking out a hot brunette in a Ron Jon's tank top, jean shorts and Converse high tops. Approaching Jim, she cocked her head to the side with a quizzical look on her face "Jim? You ok?"

Suddenly, Jim realized he had been eye-banging his own sister, and the thought disgusted and intrigued him in equal measure. "Wow, yeah, I'm just kinda still checked out from the drive. I'll definitely be ready for a nap when we hit the house."

Shifting her bag excitedly to her right shoulder and leaning in toward Jim, she asked "Have you got any on you?" acting a bit more cautious than was really warranted for the occasion. It was Florida, after all. "Not in a damn airport! But yeah, I got a couple J's in the car for the ride home."

Erica and Jim had always gotten along fairly well, with their bond growing stronger toward the end of their teenage years. When Erica had gone away, Jim missed her more than he had expected, and having her back home for a few days would be fun. The trip back home was filled with gossip, laughter, and plans for the week.

The family home was split level, with the "kids" bedrooms upstairs. Each bedroom had a French door leading to a shared balcony deck that jutted out over the space between the detached garage and the house.

Erica's old room had been largely untouched since she left. Rachel had filled the closet completely full of winter clothes, though. "Mom says she'll get those jackets out of there tonight." said Jim, setting her bag inside the door.

Erica did a little half twist on her toes, a bemused smile on her face. "I mean, they're fine in there, I really didn't bring much at all." It was true...you can definitely pack a lot lighter in Florida, and Erica was no stranger to that, having been raised on the coast.

"Welp, I'm gonna head on to my room now, if you need anything just tap." said Jim. "Ok, 'night...wait, you got a T shirt I could use for tonight? I've been in this thing way too long and I forgot to pack a sleep shirt." Erica said, sniffing her armpit and making a disgusted face. Turning aside, Jim said "I'll go find one and leave it on the railing." Squirming a little, Erica said "but I'm going to take a shower and I need it to get to my room."

Chuckling, Jim motioned for her to come in. "I wouldn't want to come out and have mom and dad freak out with me walking half naked around the house! Remember how they used to get so pissed at me? If I told them everything else, they'd both have a stroke!" she hooted as she strode toward the closet and began rifling through Jim's shirts.

"I figured if you and Dad could walk around in only underwear, I could too...Ooh can I do this one?" holding up a baggy well-worn Misfits shirt. "If you want I guess, I don't wear it anymore. You can just have it, really." Jim replied, hands in pockets. Erica folded the shirt over her arm and lightly punched Jim with her free hand. "Thanks, you're a pretty adequate little bro" she said, turning away down the hall to her room.

It was barely a whisper, but Erica heard it. "We all know about your walks, Erica." Jim didn't even really mean to say it, he just...did. Erica, rushing back to Jim with a puzzled and frantic look on her face, whispered loudly, half shouting "How did you know, and who's WE?!"

Jim shifted uneasily "Dad was actually the first one to catch you, said he was out on the garage one night sneaking a cig and he glanced out the window to see you walking down the driveway. You weren't doing it all the time, so he and Mom decided that it was an isolated thing I guess..."

Jim then related how he would set his alarm to wake up at 2:00 A.M., which seemed to be the regular schedule for her adventures. "I actually started following you from a distance because you would go farther and farther every time." Erica leaned awkwardly against the wall, as if trying gently to cover herself even more. Her eyes were downcast, face reddened in stark contrast to her pale skin that had always belied her native birthright.

After a moment, she looked up, teary-eyed and waved her hand dismissively "Well, I guess the whole family knows I'm like this now...they probably think I have mental problems." Chuckling, Jim said "well I mean you are pretty messed up..." An enormous snot bubble expanded from Erica's left nostril as she guffawed in that laugh-as-relief-from-trauma type of deal. Recoiling in mostly authentic disgust, Jim shouted "get back you sick freak!" which got her laughing even more, as she fell to her knees.

The dog barking downstairs broke the moment. A Buick SUV, Mom's car - was pulling in. Erica jumped up. "Shit! Somebody is with her! Tell them I'm in the shower and I'll be out soon." To which Jim replied sarcastically, "wow. that's scandalous. I'll just tell them you've become a full time nudist." Peeking her head out of the bathroom door, she shouted half jokingly, "You'd better not say anything, I can still beat your ass!"

Jim mused that yes, she probably still could. They had fought and hurt each other in the way that even blood brothers and sisters do...and yes, Erica had soundly defeated him in the vast majority of their conflicts.

But for a stepsister, she was pretty chill, and had always done the right thing when it came to her adopted brother. She enthusiastically delivered many ass-kickings on Jim's behalf when they were kids, and she was always athletic in a practical sort of way, having played team sports from elementary through high school.

Jim turned to go downstairs and heard the water come on in the shower. For a moment, his mind was filled with an image that was not entirely unwelcome. He opened his eyes wide, tousled his hair and continued down to welcome his parents and who ever else they had brought with them.

Coming around the corner, Jim was happily surprised to see his Aunt Cathy and her daughter, Melissa.

"Wow, I didn't even know you guys were coming!" exclaimed Jim, hugging each of them enthusiastically. Aunt Cathy and Mel were his favorite Aunt/Cousin, respectively.

"Actually, it was kind of a surprise." said Cathy "I had to take a few vacation days off or forfeit it, so I thought we'd drive down and see our favorite relatives." Cathy was an 80's kid who had done well in Real Estate, but now worked for a logistics firm.

Nobody ever explicitly stated it, but everyone knew that Cathy smoked weed. She had always been the cool, slightly unstable Aunt that kind of just did life her own way.

Melissa was 3 months older than Jim and also working toward her degree. She was a slim, quiet bookworm with a blue streak running through her sandy blonde hair. Her and Jim had always gotten along well; some would say a little too well.

Just then, Cathy looked around, asking about her niece "Erica made it in, right?" Rachel rolled her eyes and did a flourished wave in the air. "Who knows, that girl has always taken forever to get ready." Jim loudly interjected "and she still looks like shit when she finally comes down." Erica's voice boomed from upstairs "I heard that, you asshole!"

Rachel urges Jim and Melissa to the stairs. "You two go up there and get her to come down, it's still early enough to catch coffee and dessert somewhere close maybe."

She then turns to Cathy. "Also, you guys are staying here tonight. We have the spare bedroom and Mel can bunk with Erica" said Rachel sweetly but firmly. "I mean, we can get a room over on 26 no probl..." Cathy trailed off as Rachel shouted yet another threat at Erica.

Jim started up the stairs, followed closely by Mel. The shower was still running, so Jim just leaned against the wall. Melissa sat down cross-legged on the floor. They spent several minutes talking about the standard things, like school and work but then gradually shifted toward more suggestive topics. "So, should we continue where we left off last time?"

Just then, from the shower, Erica began singing "Ironic" in her best Alanis voice, and it was not the best, nor even good. They both started laughing; first at Erica, and then at each other's laughs. Soon they both had tears in their eyes and Mel had fallen forward on to her hands and knees to catch her breath.

They laughed and chuckled for the entirety of Erica's performance. After a long exhale, Mel crawled forward to Jim's feet and looked up at Him. Slowly rising to her knees, they locked eyes as she removed her hair band from her wrist and tied up her ponytail...

Jim, preoccupied, didn't notice Erica's head and shoulder sticking out from behind the bathroom door. "Is anybody around? Also, like did I just miss something?"

Mel jumped quickly to her feet, blushing considerably. Just then, a cacophony of laughter erupted from the living room, where Rachel and Aunt Cathy had found the wine and were updating each other on the local gossip for their respective towns.

"It looked like..." Erica started. Jim cut her off... "I know what it looked like, but it wasn't. We were rolling out here hearing you sing, and Mel was just getting up."

Erica shot them both a glance that could have meant anything from "I'm watching you two" and "I'm in if it happens."

It was not a big surprise that Erica stepped out in just a towel while holding the T-shirt loosely across her chest. She tiptoed over to the railing to check for potential threats. Satisfied that she wouldn't be spotted, she hung the shirt over the railing and confided "Wouldn't it be a trip if I just walked down there and acted like it was normal?" They all agreed, including Melissa, that Aunt Cathy would probably be super chill about it.

Turning to Melissa with her hand on her hip, Erica said "Jim told me like, an hour ago, that Mom and Dad know that I went on naked walks at night. I was so sure no one had seen me, but Jim said he used to follow me for miles."

Melissa clapped a hand to her mouth in genuine disbelief, and when she moved her hand, a smile was spread over her face. "Like naked naked?" she asked. Erica and Jim both nodded at the same time. "So your entire family knows that you're a public nudist, there's worse things, right?" she offered.

"I'm really hoping they'll think that I was just going through a stage..." Erica trailed off. Jim cocked his head "It was just a stage, right?" Erica, leaving the shirt on the railing, smiled coyly and spun around back toward the bathroom.

She tugged the towel gently and it fell from her body in what seemed like slow motion. She tossed it in the hamper and asked pointedly "You guys won't say anything about this, right?"

Melissa and Jim turned to follow Erica as she walked to her room. Her pale skin belied her Florida roots, but light freckles covered any that had seen sun, which was virtually everywhere.

Her athletic figure was softly padded by ten stubborn pounds gained in freshman year that she hadn't been able to shake. She was trimmed well, with a narrow patch that ended well below her bikini line.

Her ass was nothing short of magnificent, if you like a little cake, of course.

Jim and Melissa regained their composure and turned to go back downstairs, grinning sheepishly.

As they reached the living room, Rachel was yelling in the general direction of the stairs. "Erica! just throw something on and come down, right now!"

Their Mom's voice echoed through the house as Jim and Erica simultaneously cringed, in their respective locations. But Erica stood up straight, made a little "hurmph" sound, and stared down at the faded pair of Red All Stars that she had worn on the plane.

"Fine! If it's such an emergency, I'm coming down now!" shouted Erica from her open bedroom, "Can I at least tie my damned shoes?!"

Melissa, looking for some way to soothe this increasingly awkward situation, stammered out "I think she was looking for some shorts or something." Rachel wagged her head, muttering "I certainly hope she's wearing something decent...she'd just wander around most of the time in underwear until she left for college."

Jim turned his head when he heard a stair creak, and his eyes went wide.

Erica was casually coming down the stairs with nothing on, save for her shoes and socks.

As she entered the room, Rachel had gone into the kitchen to boil water for tea. As soon as she turned away from the microwave to look at Erica, a look of shock and embarrassment flooded her face.

"Good Lord Erica, put some clothes on!" she gasped " I guess I shouldn't be surprised though!"

Crossing her arms under her milky white breasts, intentionally pushing out with her forearm, lifting just enough so her nipples were pointing slightly up...

Erica's freckled face assumed a subtle pout and she declared that it wasn't hurting anyone, Dad wouldn't be back for three more days, and she was technically a guest. As such, she should therefore enjoy some sort of special guest privileges, right?

Rachel stood quiet for a moment, then said "Well, I guess if it's just us, we can deal with it. I'm not happy about it though.I just can't believe you'd do this in front of Cathy and Mel."

Aunt Cathy was quietly taking this all in with a very confused look on her face, but spoke up to ask "And...why should you not be surprised, Rach?"

"Everyone here except you two knows about it anyway" she sighed, nodding in the direction of Aunt Cathy and Melissa. Melissa gave a half-wave, saying "Yeah, no, I heard about it too, earlier." Rachel looked at Cathy and gave another sigh, prepping herself to tell her sister about Erica's hobby.

In a sympathetic gesture, Erica stepped forward from the living room into the bright light of the kitchen and put her hands on the island countertop. "About a month before I went away for college, I saw some videos on the internet and thought it might be fun to go outside naked at night. One thing led to another, and I was getting pretty comfortable, I'd be out sometimes for an hour or more. Mom and Dad thought it was a one-time thing, but Jim knew I went out pretty much every night."

She took a seat on a stool "But he didn't say anything to me, so I thought I was getting away with it. He was even following me to make sure I was ok." Erica said, blushing and looking down at the counter. "She was definitely putting in some miles, like a damned dog in heat" remarked Jim.

Erica shot a nasty glance at him and bumped him so firmly with her hip as she walked by that he lost his balance. She opened the fridge and stood there looking around, one hand on her hip.

"Like, where would you go?" asked Cathy. Shifting her gaze, Erica realized that Cathy wasn't at all upset by this...in fact, she was not-so-subtly enjoying the view of Erica's body. Erica felt a tug in the pit of her stomach right then, but it wasn't unpleasant. She walked back over and sat down.

Taking a deep breath, she began to detail her exploits. "Well, the farthest I ever made it was to the Dollar General over there on 342, but mostly I just walk the neighborhood. I've walked past every house on this block several times. I even got brave one morning and cut through the parking lot of the high school just as the sun was coming up."

Cathy was enjoying this more than anyone could have predicted. She gazed at Erica with an expectant look. "Wow. just. Wow...we did a little skinny dipping back in the day sis, but nothing like this!" She glanced at Rachel impishly and got another stern look.

Cathy made a beckoning gesture with her hands and asked pleadingly "So what else did you do? Do you always wear shoes?" Rachel looked surprised at her sister's interest, and asked Cathy to please not encourage Erica's behavior.

"I don't need encouragement Mom, it just makes me feel good," said Erica as she took a nice stretch "but I'll put something on when I go up if it makes you feel better."

"At his point Erica, I don't really care anymore...you're legally an adult and you'll eventually get yourself arrested. Maybe that will cure your problem." Sighed Rachel, exasperated.

Rachel motioned to Cathy and they retreated to the couch with their coffee and a plate of muffins. "You kids have fun" said Rachel, waving them off. This was her way of telling the youngsters to go away for the night so her and Cathy could engage in a salacious gossip session. Erica could only imagine what her Stepmom was telling Aunt Cathy about her.

Jim started up the stairs, followed by Melissa. Erica followed and they all stood talking for a few moments in the hallway. Looking at his watch, Jim said "Well, I'm gonna head to bed, I got an economics test tomorrow at ten thirty." Mel and Erica offered the standard "g'night" and headed off toward Erica's room.

It was exactly 11:37 PM when Jim heard a faint tapping at his partially open bedroom door.

It was Erica. "Hey, you got any weed in here, or just in the car?" Jim chuckled "C'mon Erica, I was almost asleep...but yeah I got a bong right here already packed." Jim said, grabbing it and a lighter from his dresser and handing it to Erica, who had by now donned the Misfits shirt.

"I just did something I never imagined I could do..." Erica began. "And now, I'm going out on the deck and get high!" She stated emphatically. "Why don't you come out and burn down with me bro, like old times?"

By midnight, Erica and Jim had finished a bowl. Emboldened by the hit, Erica leaned toward Jim, glancing furtively. "So, what's going on with you and Mel?" Jim straightened and looked surprised but then loosened a bit. "It's nothing really Erica, but yeah, it's always a one-time deal..." Jim said, then mused quietly, "until the next time, I suppose."

Erica was sure that her suspicions were true, but hearing it confirmed like this most definitely shocked her. "That's like ew but kinda hot at the same time...like what kind of stuff?" Jim blew a long breath of smoke skyward and confided that there was never any vaginal penetration, that was agreed upon. But Melissa, little quiet Melissa, had been swallowing Jim's sticky cum during her last few visits.

"She'd sleep in your room while you were away." Jim told Erica, "And of course there was no checking up on us, because who would suspect that?"

Erica shifted her hips and her hand moved downward to the hem of the shirt.

"Fuck...I don't even know what to do with this...wow...but my body is..." Erica shuddered and firmly bit her bottom lip, "I'm literally getting so fucking horny right now listening to this but its so wrong." she inhaled quickly, and clear liquid audibly spattered onto the deck.

"You know, Erica." Jim began, "I used to get super turned on by your walks, and when you stopped to masturbate, I jerked off as well, from a safe distance." Erica glanced playfully at Jim.

"I could have sucked you off, we're not like blood relatives...imagine that...just on my knees in the middle of 23rd street." Jim shifted uneasily not only at Erica's statement, but at the fact that she had eased her shirt up and was visibly rubbing her clit.

"I just...I don't know that I could ever, I mean, we're close but it still wouldn't be right, but you are so fucking hot..." Jim stammered out, as Erica stood up and pulled the shirt off over her head, tossing it over the railing. Unbeknownst to her, it was caught by the limb of a small Oak and hung there, suspended in view of the French doors leading to the porch.

"Let's just try a little something," She sighed, dropping to all fours and crawling toward him. Jim's sleep pants were pointed skyward until Erica tugged the waistband down over Jim's balls. She leaned in close and licked, one long slow lick, from the base then a light spiral around the head and then leaned back and looked up at Jim.

Just then, a voice came from across the deck "Wow. I thought I was the only relative that got to do that, Jim."

Erica gasped and spun around to see Mel, who had emerged from Erica's bedroom. As she stepped out of the shadows, they both realized that she wasn't wearing anything at all.

Jim's cock twitched. Erica seemed to be enjoying the show, and a broadening smile spread across her face. "Fuck yeah, Girl!" Erica shouted as she shook her fist in the air.

"I'm just a little bit more naked than you," she taunted, pointing to Erica's footwear.

Erica rose to one knee and had started to untie her shoe when she stopped.

"You know what? I'm good with that, Queen...because I'm thinking I'll need my shoes on tonight..." Erica said, winking at them.

Mel crossed the deck to stand in front of Jim, hands on hips, and looked down hungrily at his now throbbing cock. "Should we relieve poor Jim here, or make him wait a while?"

"I'd gladly take care of him, but I've heard you do a pretty good job." Erica teased. Mel put her fingers to her lips in mock embarrassment. "Oh my, what must you think of me! But yeah, I overheard your conversation out here."

Erica stood up, stretched, and walked over to the deck stairs. She placed a hand on each railing, stepped down a couple steps, and peered out over the neighborhood.

"You're thinking about it, aren't you?" Jim asked.

Erica turned her head and breathed out "Get your shoes on Mel, we're gonna make him wait awhile."
