Vacation
byJD_Wallace©

Vacation Ch. 01

After a thirteen hour flight, a bus ride and a ferry, we finally made it to the island. It was barely noon but Kate and I were both physically and mentally drained. This is probably why we didn't put up a fight at the hotel when we found out our room wouldn't be ready until the following day. All we cared about was falling into a bed and not moving for the next eight hours so we accepted their offer to put us up in one of their hostel rooms for the night. Kate and I are no strangers to the hostel experience, in fact we sometimes preferred it. It's the best way to meet new people when traveling and you can't beat the price. We did picture this vacation as more of a romantic getaway so a dorm room filled with other people definitely wasn't ideal but it was just for the one night. The manager handed us our key and a couple drink vouchers redeemable at a club down the beach for the inconvenience. 

Our room was a typical six bed hostel dorm. Three twin beds on either side of the room and dark shades to protect hungover tourists from the sun. It was empty when we arrived but it was obvious there were others staying in there by the clothes strewn across two of the beds. We claimed two unused beds next to each other and pushed them together to give us more room. I lost my jeans and shirt and hopped under the covers of our bed. I watched Kate as she shimmied out of her long skirt. She wasn't wearing anything underneath and my cock twitched at the sight of her full, dark bush in the dim light. She pulled a pair of panties from her bag and slid them up her long, toned legs. Just as she was reaching under her tank top to unclasp her bra, the door opened behind her. Kate scrambled to get in bed and under the blanket as two guys in their mid-twenties walked in. She was fast but not fast enough and we knew they'd both seen her big, panty clad ass. They were respectful in the sense that they played it off as if they didn't just see my wife half naked. 

Both men had just come from the community showers and were naked except for the small towels wrapped around their waists. They apologized for barging in so quickly and introduced themselves as Jerry and Pat, both from London. I reached from the bed to shake their hands and Kate gave an embarrassed wave from under the covers, just her eyes peeking out. 

"Hey, don't worry about it love," Pat said. "As much time as we spend in hostels that's about the tamest thing we've seen."

I laughed at his remark and Kate blushed, finally pulling the blanket down past her face. 

"We're heading out to grab a bite so we'll be out of your hair." Jerry assured us. "I'm sure you two are exhausted."

We thanked them and got ourselves into a more comfortable sleeping position. Both of us were on our left sides facing the open room, my hand resting on Kate's hip. Pat and Jerry got dressed quickly and before we knew it we were alone again. It really turned me on knowing they got a good look at Kate's beautiful ass. In any other situation I would have been buried deep in her tight pussy the second they walked out the door but I was too exhausted to function and was out like a light within minutes. 

I was woken by a rustling noise in our room. I looked at my watch and was shocked to see we had already been sleeping for six hours. Kate was still out cold, curled in a ball on the other side of the bed. I heard the noise again and scanned the room. Just then a tall blonde woman stood from a crouched position. She was unpacking a backpack onto one of the other empty beds. She was very pretty. Tall and thin. A little too thin for my tastes but she still had a great body. Without even glancing our way she started to unbutton her jeans. Was she really about to undress? My cock came to life at the thought. She must not have noticed I was awake because in one quick motion she pushed her jeans down to the floor and stepped out of them. She was left in a small black thong and a tank top. The top came next. No bra. She had small, perky tits capped with puffy, light pink nipples. She tossed the shirt onto the bed and began sliding her panties down her long, slender legs. Her cunt was waxed clean. No protruding lips, just a thin, smooth slit. My cock was at full attention watching this sexy woman undress only a few feet from me. I shot a quick glance in Kate's direction. Still sleeping. When I looked back to the mystery woman she was wrapping a towel around her naked body. Damn. She picked up a toiletries bag from the bed and walked toward the door. The sound of the door closing behind her stirred Kate and she was starting to wake up. 

Kate scooted closer to me and draped her arm across my bare chest. Hopefully she wouldn't notice my raging erection. I didn't know how it'd go over if I had to explain how I was watching our new roommate strip naked. 

"Good morning." She said groggily. 

"It's almost 8:00." I laughed.

She just smiled and crawled out of bed. Reaching for her towel she told me she was going to hop in the shower. I needed a shower too so I grabbed a towel of my own and followed her. The showers were typical for a hostel. A common room with sinks and countertops and four shower stalls with curtains. I heard water already running in one of the small rooms and figured it was the blonde from our dorm. The stalls were far too small for two people so shower sex was out of the question. Kate turned on the water then pulled down her panties from underneath her towel. She opened it quickly to give me a peek at her hairy muff then closed it with a smile and a wink. She stepped into the stall and closed the curtain behind her. Kate's hand appeared from behind the curtain with her tank top in hand. I took it from her and set it on the counter. As I was stepping out of my boxers, the other shower stopped and the blonde, with a towel wrapped around her, hopped out just in time to get a full view of my cock. I froze. She took in the sight for a few seconds before smiling and walking away without a word. I felt a bit awkward but I remembered that not ten minutes ago I was spying on her undressing so I guessed we were even. I chuckled to myself and shook my head as I stepped through the curtain into the hot water. 

Kate and I finished at the same time and walked to the room together, both covered up with our towels. When we walked in, the blonde was sitting on her bed pulling her shoes on. She was fully dressed now in blue jeans and a tight black tank top. She clearly wasn't wearing a bra and her nipples were poking through the top. Kate seemed a little embarrassed at first because we were in towels but the woman's warm demeanor made her feel more comfortable. 

"Hi!" She said as she stood with an outstretched hand. "I'm Anna. It's very nice to meet you."

We introduced ourselves and chatted as she finished getting ready. Anna was from Germany and had just arrived today. This was her last stop on a three month backpacking trip through southeast Asia. She was incredibly nice and even invited us to accompany her to club a friend had told her about. We told her we could probably meet her there after we got some dinner. She gave us the address, kissed us both on the cheek and was out the door. 

"She seems nice." I said to Kate.

"I'm surprised you heard anything she said with the way you were checking her out." Kate responded playfully, hitting me in the arm.

I quickly denied it but there was no doubt Anna was a sexy woman. Not nearly as sexy as my wife and I was immediately reminded of that when Kate dropped her towel to the floor. Her skin was still bright pink from the hot water and the large nipples at the end of each of her big, beautiful breasts were standing at full attention. I wanted to take her tits in my hands and suck her nipples between my lips.

"No time for that." She said in a stern voice. She must have seen the way I was staring and read my mind. 

I continued to let my eyes dance across her smooth, milky white skin. Down her tight stomach and curvy hips. Her curly, brown bush was still damp from the shower and I could make out the hood of her clit through the thick patch of hair. If you've read my other stories you know how much I love Kate's full bush. She keeps everything below her pubic mound waxed clean but her furry muff drives me crazy. Kate noticed that I was still staring so she started to have fun with me. Instead of walking around the bed to her backpack, she jumped onto the mattress on all fours. While digging through the bag for an outfit, she held her ass high in the air. Her meaty pussy lips and puckered asshole were on full display. I knew it wasn't taking her this long to find an outfit, she was just teasing me. She started to wag her ass from side to side. When she arched her back more it caused her pussy to open, showing me her moist, inviting hole. I couldn't take her games anymore. She didn't hear me bound across the room and she jumped when she felt my large hands on her smooth hips. I lowered my face to her spread ass cheeks and slowly ran my tongue between the folds of her steaming cunt, from her clit to her hot and hungry hole. 

"Uhhhhhhhhh...no babe...mmm we need to get going." She groaned.

Between the Brits seeing her ass, the naked German girl and Kate teasing me, I was completely overcome with lust. I buried my tongue deep into Kate's slippery snatch, her wetness soaking my face. I worked my mouth up and down her swollen slit, slurping and sucking my way from her engorged clit to her tight asshole. Her whole body shuddered when the tip of my tongue touched her rosebud. As my tongue snaked back down to her splayed cunt she began to buck against my face. She grabbed a pillow from the head of the bed and buried her face into it.

"Oh my god. Oh my god!" She cried into the pillow as she reach back with both hands, one spreading her ass wider and one grabbing my hair and pulling me into her deeper into her pussy.

As I licked and sucked on her clit, I slid two fingers into her sloppy cunt and began thrusting them in and out at fast and steady pace. Kate started breathing faster and was writhing around uncontrollably. I felt her hand touch my face as she took over at her clit. Her hand was a blur as she frantically rubbed at her swollen nub. I continued pumping my fingers into her pussy as she helped rub herself to orgasm. I felt her cunt muscles clamp down around my fingers and it was almost like her pussy forced my fingers out. 

"Fuuuuuuuuuck......Ugggghhhhh." Kate grunted and she bucked hard against the air.

I leaned back and watched as streams of clear fluid poured out from her gaping pussy over the bed. Her cunt and asshole were both spasming, opening and closing as she climaxed. Her body jerked and contorted for a few seconds before she collapsed onto the bed. 

"Oh shit." She whispered over and over as she turned to look over her shoulder at me. 

I just stood there grinning with my eight inch erection standing straight out like a metal pipe. She was reaching for me and I walked toward her when we heard a knock on the door. Kate dove under the covers and all I had time to do was hold the towel up in front of me before the door opened. Anna walked in, playfully covering her eyes but peeking through her spread fingers.

"I didn't want to interrupt your guys' fun but I forgot my wallet." She explained in her thick German accent as she hurriedly dug through her backpack. "Sorry sorry sorry." She continued with a smile as she put her wallet in her purse and was back out the door. 

Kate and I both looked at each other and laughed. "Do you think she heard me?" She asked.

"I think everyone in the building heard you." I teased.

She shrugged at me. I shrugged back and she threw her covers off. Her legs were spread wide and her pussy was a sloppy mess of her sweat and cum. As soon as I dropped my towel and she saw my cock at full attention she giggled and rolled out of bed. I stood there with a confused expression and my hands in the air. 

"What..." I started.

"I'm starving. Let's get something to eat." She replied with her best innocent smile as she dug through her clothes. 

Such a tease.


