Becca Takes Her Hands Off The Wheel 
by ratios 

Part 12:

Standing there, with three pairs of eyes staring expectantly at my nude self, I struggled to remember how words worked. Luckily, Sasha came to my rescue.


“This is my cousin, Jenny, from California. She talked a lot of shit and made some pretty outrageous bets at the bar but her foosball skills left a lot to be desired, so now she has to walk back to our place in the buff. Say ‘Hi’ to the nice people, Jenny!”


It took me a second to realize that Sasha had just improvised up a fake identity for me for cover. This let me breathe slightly easier, but I was still interacting naked with a stranger, so I was still in emergency panic mode. Just as soon as I figured out how my muscles worked, I gave a feeble wave to the group.


The three strangers all laughed and the left guy, apparently Ollie, tapped the woman on the shoulder and made a ‘gimmie’ gesture. She pulled a combination phone case and wallet out of what had to have been her bra and handed the guy a twenty out of it before looking me up and down.


“Jenny, huh?,” the girl asked, smirking for some reason. Holding her phone up by the corner with her thumb and forefinger, she commented, “Well, Jenny, you just lost me twenty bucks. I think the least you could do would be to join me in a selfie for my trouble.”


Not another picture, I thought to myself. Hoping to get bailed out by my friends, I looked back at them to see if any were going to object on my behalf, knowing that I was unlikely to be able to on my own. Sasha swooped in once again.


“Jenny would love to take a selfie with all of you! Wouldn’t you, Jenny?”


My shoulders slumped at that declaration; not just one selfie, but at least three, with three different strangers, probably on three strange phones. Despite my reluctance, I did my best to put a smile on my face that didn’t look too much like a grimace and gave the strange girl a lukewarm thumbs up. Smiling wide, she stepped forward to stand next to me but Sasha held a hand up to stop her.


“Just one tiny condition. For all we know, you all are going to pass these pictures around to everyone you know and post them on a bunch of amateur porn sites. I’m sure my cousin doesn’t want to be quite that recognizable, so we’ll have her wear this.”


What the heck?!?! Had Sasha just given this girl implied permission to post my picture on porn sites? My knees started feeling like jelly and I felt a surge of warmth and wetness in my pussy. Spinning to face her, I saw that Sasha had a cloth face mask in her hand, probably left over in her purse from during the pandemic. The mask was little more than a couple of thick rectangles of white cloth with a filter layer between them all folded up accordion-like with a couple of loops of elastic punched into each end. There was a shit-eating grin on her face as she handed the mask over to me and waved for me to put it on.


Reluctantly, I looped the elastic over both of my ears, but the collapsed cloth just bundled up under my nose. The mask was either poorly homemade or super cheap and I had to wrestle with it to get it to expand enough to actually cover my face from just below my eyes to my chin.


“There, now the parts that matter are all covered,” Sasha concluded, stepping back and whispering with the other giggling members of the group.


“Awesome! Looking quite stylish,” the girl teased. “I’m Kira, by the way,” she said as she draped an arm around my shoulders. She leaned her head in next to mine but immediately recoiled back, giving me a look that sat somewhere between amazed and disgusted. “You dirty girl… What have you been rolling in? You smell like one of Ollie’s used jock straps!”


She was laughing when she pulled herself back next to me. Holding her phone at arm’s length by a stuck-on pop grip, Kira told me, “Say cheese, Dirty Girl!”


With the mask on, the camera wouldn’t know if I was smiling or not, but I did my best to smile anyway, because that’s what you do in selfies. I felt the mask begin to collapse a bit when my face moved, and I think it popped up from below my chin, but I ignored it as I was still being held by Kira. Flicking around with her thumb, Kira reviewed the photo, which looked fine to me, and announced, “Bad angle,” before extending her arm again.


“Let’s try this,” she said, and then started to lower herself down, dragging me with her. Unsure what we were doing, I allowed myself to be pulled into a squat position with her and then noticed her grinning wide on the phone screen.


“Perfect!”


She took several photos, the constant strobing of her front-facing flash making spots appear in my eyes as moved the phone around at different angles. After ten or so shots, she took her arm off me and stood up to flick through her new pictures.


“There’s our winner,” she announced proudly, showing me the chosen photo on her screen. This was a lower angle shot with my masked face next to her sticking her tongue out and acting goofy. The main focus of the picture wasn’t either of our heads, however: it was the fact that, squatting as we were for the photo, my legs had naturally come wide apart and my glistening labia were just slightly parted and well centered in the shot. There wasn’t time for me to panic over the overtly phonographic image, however, as one of the guys -was his name Andy?- came up and said, “My turn!”


Not waiting for a response from me, he spun me ninety degrees and positioned me leaning against his side. Since he was quite a bit taller than me, I essentially had my face in his armpit at this point.


It seemed like he was taking way longer to set things up than he needed to, but I think it was because he was enjoying the feeling of a naked co-ed pressed up against him.


Eventually he told me, “Put your head on my arm and lift one of your feet up while standing on tiptoes on the other, like one of those cheesecake posters from the fifties.”


I had no idea what he was talking about with cheesecakes or old posters, but, after a few attempts, I got my right leg positioned, bent at the knee and foot pointed back, like he wanted and was straining to stand on pointed toes on the other. Once he was satisfied with how my bottom half was arranged, he had me lay my head on his bicep and look up at him longingly. Moving my head around so much had caused the mask to fold back on itself again even further and I felt it slip under the tip of my nose, but he had me gripping his arm so I had to ignore it again.


Just before Andy was ready to take the picture, Kira commented, “Look at those filthy feet. You really must not have very much respect for yourself, Dirty Girl!”


Pressing my face into Andy’s arm to hide my blush was futile as I was sure it was spreading to my exposed chest at this point, but I did it anyway. When the mask started slipping a little more, I regretted my actions, but Andy called for me to look back at him and a bright flash indicated that the picture had been taken. The capture on the screen didn’t look nearly as bad for me as Kira’s had been, though my right breast was pressed out lewdly and it looked like I was fawning over someone I had never met before.


Andy didn’t ask for any extra shots, thank goodness, and Ollie came over and pulled me off of him. He was only a few inches taller than me, and the only words he said to me were, “Stand here.”


He stood right behind me and wrapped an arm around my shoulder and chest, resting his hand right on top of my breasts. My entire body went stiff when his hand made contact with my boobs, but I wasn’t sure if this was an expected part of the selfie or not, so I said nothing. Holding the camera out, he gave me no warning that he was going to take a picture until his hand slid down my right breast and he gave the nipple there a firm squeeze and twist. This nearly caused me to jump out of my skin and the flash went off just as I reacted. Opening my mouth into a silent O of shock caused the mask to slip even further, coming fully off my nose and sidling up my chin at this point, but I had other things to worry about.


Seemingly oblivious to my inner turmoil, Kira giggled and spoke to the guy that had just grouped me. “You’re such a dick, Ol,” she teased, adding seductively, “You better do that to me later, too.”


She pulled Ollie’s arm from around me and grabbed him with both hands to kiss him, leaving me standing there feeling shocked, violated, and insanely horny. There went my first touch by a boy; a nipple tweak for the sake of a naked selfie. How many other firsts had flown by without notice in this chaotic mess of an evening?


“Having fun, Jen,” Sasha asked cautiously. I’m not sure how much my group of friends saw of Ollie’s liberties, but Sasha’s voice made me suspect that she had at least an idea of what had transpired.


Despite a mild feeling of trauma, and a major feeling of sticky wetness down below, I figured my obligation to Kira was now over and we would all be moving on so, so I sucked it up and replied, “Yeah, lots!,” trying to sound as cheerful as possible. The fire in my pussy was burning brightly once again and I wished we were back in the clearing so I could put on an encore show there.


“You really are loving this, aren’t you, Dirty Girl?,” Kira asked, looking at me curiously. An idea seemed to dawn on her and she bit her lip for a moment before acting super nice once again. “Say, would you be willing to do a group photo for us? Last picture, I swear, but I think you’ll seriously love it.”


Doubting that I would love anything other than leaving these people far behind and going home, I nonetheless relented and gave a single small nod of acceptance.


“Great! One second.”


She went over and pulled Ollie and Andy into a huddle and there was some whispering back and forth. Andy laughed out loud and Ollie got a big grin on his face and they carried on in private for another few seconds before the guys came over to stand beside me and Kira went to hand her phone to Sasha. The three new people and I were now all facing the study group ladies, with Sasha holding Kira’s phone and Deeta and Monique with their own phones out, I guess to further document my humiliation.


Moving to stand behind me, Kira whispered in my ear, “Since you liked the nipple thing, I’m assuming you’re okay with some light touching?”


Alarm bells went off in my head but, in my confused and horny state, I found myself replying without really knowing what she was asking, “Um, I guess?”


“Great,” she replied. “Boys?”


Then I was unexpectedly airborne. Andy and Ollie had each taken hold of one of my legs and picked me up, drawing a surprised, “ooooOOOOHHH!,” sound from my lungs. Once I was lifted, they each shifted their grips to have one hand under my butt and one hand holding an ankle and I found my legs were now as widely spread open as they could physically go. The hands underneath me were tantalizingly close to touching my pussy and butt crack, and my weight on their fingers was prying my pussy lips apart. I had no choice but to throw my arms around their shoulders to keep from pitching over backwards. Behind me, I felt Kira’s breasts push through her bra and blouse into my naked back and worried what she was doing behind me.


“Might take just a second to get ready for the picture, but feel free to take a few warmup shots while I get Dirty Girl ready,” Kira called over to Sasha.


One of Kira’s hands came around and started massaging my right breast gently, kneading it like dough, before slipping down to pinch and tweak my nipple. The logical part of me knew that things had gone way too far, way too fast and that I should be screaming about sexual assault, but I was way too horny to care about silly little things like consent at this point.


Apparently sharing my more logical concerns, Nicky called over, “Yo, you good, B… Jenny?”


There wasn’t time to formulate an appropriate answer to this, however, as Kira’s other hand chose that moment to reach around to my crotch. With as wet and stretched as I was at the time, her middle finger was able to slide up into me up to the second knuckle with almost no resistance, drawing a reflexive hissed, “Yessssssssss,” from my throat.


The finger inside of me began to pump in and out and my head fell back in pleasure, letting out a throaty, “AAAAAAAHHNN,” sound. This head movement finally caused the mask on my face to finish collapsing on itself, reverting back into a narrow bundle of cloth that slipped into my widely opened mouth like a horse’s bit. The gagging feeling this caused only heightened my experience of losing control, causing a surge of arousal when I imagined myself as a chained animal suffering abuse.


Gone were all concerns of bodily autonomy or how to say ‘No’, those reasonable things having been washed away in a new flood of wetness oozing around Kira’s fingers. In their place was left a shell of a woman obsessed with her approaching orgasm: Dumb Slut Becca, moaning and squirming like a bitch in heat at a stranger’s touch, my body begging to be used.


“Dirty Girl is really bucking on my fingers. She’s a wild one.” Kira announced. “I don’t think she’s going to last much longer. Try to take the picture when she pops off. You might need to just take a bunch to get it right.”


“Woo! Get it, Dirty Girl!,” Deeta yelled in encouragement as I raced towards my second public orgasm of the evening. Two video flashlights and one rapidly firing camera flash were now blinding my vision and my eyes were tightly shut.


Whispering directly in my ear, Kira commanded, “Look at the camera, Rebecca. Smile while you cum like a slut for me.”


Opening my eyes but squinting, I did my best to look at the array of phones pointed my way and plastered a fake looking smile on my face, despite the mask’s interference. Had I been thinking, I would have wondered why smiling was relevant at all, given the mask but, then again, had I been thinking, a lot would have been different about my situation.


A few more seconds of thrusting was all it took and I began to tremble and shake in the arms of the guys. Nearly blacking out, my body went limp and found myself leaning back onto Kira for support as she slowed and then finally stopped fingering my spasming hole. I’m not sure whether it was dehydration, or whether my body was just cummed out at that point, but I only dribbled a bit of wetness this time despite the magnitude of my orgasm.


“Good slut,” she cooed into my ear, gently stroking the side of my face with her cum covered hand before pulling the mask off and inserting the two fingers she had been using to fuck me into my mouth. Cringing at the taste of my own juices, I lacked the energy to pull away, and so I just sucked her fingers clean as that seemed like what she wanted me to do.


Waiting until after I had finished cleaning Kira’s hand, Andy and Ollie then carried me to the side of the sidewalk and lowered me to the ground to lean against a concrete pylon used to block cars from going down a small alleyway.


Deeta was by my side immediately brushing my hair out of my face, asking, “Are you okay, B? It looked like that lady wrung you out. I can punch her if you need me to, just say the word.”


Not wanting to talk or think about what had just happened, I replied with something that would end the conversation quickly between heavy breaths.


“I’m fine. That was awesome. No punching. Thank you,” and then waved her away while I drug myself up the pylon to stand.


The three newcomers were all gathered around Kira’s phone, swiping through photos and pointing and laughing a lot. My ladies gathered to do the same and, soon, I was the only one not laughing as leaned and wheezed. Kira eventually came over to where I was standing and lifted my chin so that I was looking at her.


“I hope that you enjoyed riding my fingers, Dirty Girl. Ollie and I are going to fantasize about tonight while we fuck forever. All those pictures we took will help.”


It wasn’t clear whether she was laughing at me, or at the idea of screwing her boyfriend while he thought about me, or at having a shameful record of my debasement, but she was laughing nonetheless. Without asking, she came in for a hug and patted me on the back. After giving me a final squeeze, she whispered in my ear, “See you in Mrs. Arma’s class on Tuesday.”


Three quiet seconds passed before my brain got it, then my heart stopped beating, my lungs stopped breathing, and I’m amazed my feet allowed me to remain standing as I processed what she had said.


Mrs. Arma was my Sociology professor.


Sociology was a class that I had on Tuesdays.


This girl, Kira, must be in my sociology class.


Then I remembered that she had called me Rebecca right before she told me to cum.


She not only had a class with me, but also knew who I was… And now she had a bunch of pictures of me committing vulgar sex acts on a city street.


Standing frozen in place, I stared at Kira’s back as she, Ollie, and Andy all walked off down the street, laughing and joking about the dumb slut they had just gotten to play with.


“Oh wow.” Monique declared behind me, interrupting my most recent anxiety attack. “Bex, when you squished the mask down on your face like this it turned into just a tiny white line that barely hides anything. Someone who knows you could totally recognize your face in some of these pictures.”


Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck.


