I think it's best if I start this off by telling you a little bit about myself, my name is Sara. My husband Ethan and I have been married for about 20 years and both of us are in our mid forties. We have two children, both are in high school and both are active in sports and other activities. I have been working in real estate for most of my working life and my husband is an executive at a fortune 500 company.
We love doing things together as a family but my husband and I also like to do things just the two of us, it can be as simple as running errands together or taking a quick getaway for a weekend which is on the rare occasion of a birthday or anniversary.
I would say we have a strong marriage and are very open with each other. One thing I know my husband would say is that we could always spice up the sex life but I am not sure if I could ever keep up with his libido. With that said things were about to take a turn and one I can promise you I was not expecting.
It all started with an innocent Google search, one that was related to the lawn and nothing that you would have ever thought would lead me down the rabbit hole it took me. My husband and I were making changes to the lawn, specifically the islands in the backyard. It was early spring so pretty typical for the two of us to start getting the yard ready. He loves keeping up the yard and I love playing in the islands planting flowers and bushes. I would not claim to have a green thumb but I really do.... Anyways, back to the Google search.
We wanted to come up with new edges for the islands, maybe stone or some other decorative option. Without thinking anything at all I typed in edging into the search and what came back was not what I expected. In fact I was quite surprised by how many results came back about something I'd never heard of.
Edging: Sexual Practice: In short what I read described it as taking an orgasm to the edge but not finishing. I was intrigued, I am not sure why but the thought of taking an orgasm to the edge and not finishing at first sounded crazy. Why in the world would you not get to the best part and just ride the wave. Then as I read some more I saw how it talked about building up the excitement so when you finally do reach the climax it is at a fever pitch and can be much more intense.
I found myself continuing to read more articles, one was saying why would you have an ordinary run-of-the-mill orgasm when you can have an earth shaking one.
I will admit as I scrolled through there were articles about gardening and the edging I started out to look for but I found myself fascinated by sexual edging.
It talked about playing a game of green light red light with your orgasm and keeping yourself in a prolonged state of arousal, doing so made your orgasms stronger, longer and mind-shattering! I found myself continuing to read and without even noticing at first found my legs closed tight with my left hand pushed between them as my right hand controlled the mouse as I read on.
I thought to myself, could this really be true, I mean how much better could it be. But as I continued reading and saw all of the stories, descriptions and techniques I was beginning to believe that there was something to this.
A couple of the articles talked about individual edging and others talked about doing it with your partner. There was no way I could do this with my husband, he would think I was crazy. I cannot even imagine how I would bring this up to him in a conversation.
I found this fascinating and by the way I was feeling between my legs might be something worth trying.
Some of the articles talked about things that have never been of interest to me like restraints and other methods to perform edging with your partner but then I got to one talking about longer term edging "The Long Term Squirm".
It talked about chastity cages for guys, basically a device you put the male penis in to keep anything from happening and it has a key you can lock it with.
I laugh for a second at this thinking I need to get one for my husband as he can be a horny freak sometime and I know he probably yanks himself at least a few times a week if not more. Would serve him right I thought.
Then thinking about it some more it kind of started to turn me on, his penis locked in a cage, having control and knowing he was not able to sneak off and blow his load and that I was in control. I think an evil grim just crossed my face...
I came across an article that seemed to be more focused just on women and edging individually. It seemed to be focused on beginners and talked about methods. It recommended taking yourself just to the edge 3 or 4 times and using a toy like a vibrator. It talked about how it takes practice and many people fail the first couple times wanting to get right to the orgasm and not stopping in time, but with all things practice makes perfect. As I read on, the article encouraged you to keep trying as it is 100% worth it.
It was just as I was about to open the next article that I heard the door open from the back and knew Ethan was coming in. I quickly closed the browser and got up to go to the kitchen to see what he was up to.
The rest of the day was uneventful, we worked in the yard some more and went out to dinner that night to one of our favorite Italian restaurants.
Ethan was exhausted from working all day and with a couple glasses of wine at dinner was spent. Our daughter Katy had decided to spend the night over at one of her girlfriends house and our son Luke was in his room I am sure playing on the Xbox.
Ethan and I got into bed and I think he was asleep before his head even hit the pillow. He doesn't snore but when he is that tired he seems to breath a little heavier than normal and that is what he was doing.
Later that night as I lay in bed I thought more about what I had read, the fact was that I had been thinking about it all day and now with my husband asleep next to me I could not get it out of my head and get to sleep.
Could it really be that much better I thought, would I be able to stop once I started and control the orgasm, would I use one of my vibrators and when would I even be able to do it? With two children and my husband it was not like I got a lot of me time.
I was already a little worked up from the thought of masturbating most of the day and then to add to that the anticipation thinking of building it up to climax 1, 2, 3 and maybe even 4 times before letting go had me tingling between my legs.
At some point I must have dozed off but woke back up about 1:15am. I got up to use the restroom and then got back into bed, once again I laid there not able to fall back to sleep. Thirty minutes went by and I found myself still up and again thinking about edging, denying myself an orgasm. Building it up just to the point of no return and then stopping and doing this over and over again.
My god I thought to myself. Pull it together women, you are obsessing over this. But the thoughts kept dancing through my head.
I finally thought to myself I need to take care of this and as quietly as I could I slipped back out of bed, pulled my vibrator from the nightstand and headed downstairs.
As I walked to the stair I could tell that the house was quiet and everyone home was asleep. Both my husband and son are sound sleepers.
I first went to the kitchen to get a glass of water then went and sat on the couch, frustrated I thought to myself I need to get this knocked out quickly and get myself back to bed.
The vibrator came on and I heard the sound of the low hum. I slowly lowered it between my legs hoping no one would come downstairs while I was doing this. I want to do it quickly so as to not get caught.
I started to rub it lightly against my thin cotton pajama bottoms just so softly below my clit as not to touch it right off. I continued this for just a minute or two but could feel the excitement growing and knew it would not be long before the orgasm overtook me. I turn up the vibrator to the next level and immediately put it back between my legs. I was so close now, I could feel the orgasm building at my core and that I was about to cum. My legs started to tense as well as my stomach muscles and could feel my breathing had picked up. Now pressing the vibrator right onto my clit I felt what I knew was the impending orgasm and just as I was reaching that moment I found myself pulling the vibrator away.
I thought to myself, what are you doing! Get this done already and get back to bed! But another part of me wanted to try this new found technique.
After just a minute I turned the vibrator back on and within no time was back working the vibrator between my legs like a pro. I could also tell that I was wet, wetter than I thought I would be.
As I moved the vibrator up and down it felt like electricity running through me. My pussy was warm and I could tell it was swollen with excitement. It did not take long before I was right there again coming to the edge of my orgasm, once again close to Cuming right there on the couch. Breathing heavy and tensing even more this time I started to buck a little as I reached climax but just as I got to the point of no return I pulled the vibrator again.
I could not believe I was doing this! Now sweating a little and breathing at an elevated rate I was laser focused. I thought to myself, was I really doing this, am I really edging? Everything else was out of focus, at this moment all I could think about, no, obsess over, was edging.
Within seconds I was back at it for a third time, pushing the vibrator into me I could not believe just how wet I was. So wet I slid my pajama bottoms down and touched myself. Oh god, I thought to myself. I am drenched. I grabbed the blanket on the side of the couch and put it under me and slid my pajamas down past my knees.
Now with my pajamas down and the vibrator back in place I was back at it sliding it up and down my slit. Pushing my silk panties into my swollen lips. I could even smell the musk coming from between my legs. All of this was too much and it only took another minute or so before I was right back at the brink of Cuming right there all over my panties and the blanket but just before I reached that magic moment I once again pulled the vibrator away.
One part of me was thinking, WHAT ARE YOU DOING ALREADY! The other part wanted to go on with this journey and prolong what you knew was going to be an explosive orgasm. One like you have not had in years, many years.
As I got ready to go for a fourth time I felt between my legs and my mouth dropped open as I realized just how wet my panties were. Boy I am glad I stuck the blanket under me as I could tell it was wet as well.
I slid my panties down and in the same motion got the vibrator back in place and worked my pussy like I had never done before.
At this point with my pajamas and panties both down to my ankles with the vibrator working its magic again sending a tingling throughout my entire body.
Moaning, a rocking of the hips and tensing throughout my body I was not working the vibrator more than it was working me. One hand was holding the vibrator and the other hand was exploring my body. Squeezing my tits under my shirt, up to my neck, over my stomach and even between my legs. While the vibrator was pressed into my clit I actually slipped a finger into my now drenched cunt. I was so wet my finger slid right in, one was not enough so I inserted two. Curling my inserted fingers as to press the tips with just the right pressure against the top wall of my vagina. Moaning, breathing hard, sweating and now bucking there was no holding back. With a powerful wave the orgasm came over me, over my entire body! OH, OH, OH, YES, YES, FUCK YES! What felt like one of the longest, most powerful and deepest orgasms I have ever had!
Not being able to move I just laid there still sweating, I could feel the cool air lightly blowing over my sweat and could smell the sweet musk from between my legs.
After a few minutes I started to compose myself, feeling between my legs I realized I am oozing out all over the blanket. I realize there is no way I can leave it here so I use it to wipe my juices from between my legs. As I do so I am still tingling from the explosive orgasm I just had.
Pulling my panties and pajamas back up and collecting my thought I grab the vibrator and the blanket and head upstairs.
I dropped the blanket in the laundry room then quietly made my way back into the bedroom setting the vibrator back in the drawer and then myself into bed.
Lying there under the covers thinking I cannot believe what just happened. It was almost animalistic. Would I do it again, should I share this with my husband and how did I not know about this before.
As those thoughts ran through my head it was not long before I was fast asleep.