Beach with the Boys
by Emi Tsuruta

I'd been waiting all summer for another chance to go to the beach, and finally, the day arrived.  My best friend Satomi and I had bought new bikinis, and had made a date to go with Takuya and Hiro, two younger boys who were staying in Satomi's dorm for the summer.  For a while, I've thought that Satomi may have a thing for Hiro, and perhaps he likes her too. I must admit I always found Hiro to be a bit of a clown.  When we were in the bikini store, he tumbled right into one of the clothes racks, and knocked it over.  I guess that was partly my fault, but still.  Anyway, I was really glad Satomi was showing interest in guys again, and I wanted to help her in any way I could. 

That Saturday, I went over to Satomi's dorm, and the four of us headed out from there.  Everyone was dressed in a breezy style ready for summer. Satomi had on a short yellow sundress with blue flowers.  Takuya and Hiro had on sunglasses, and were wearing these long shorts, cargo pants I guess like the American boys wear.  They were both smiling ear to ear, apparently looking forward to seeing Satomi and me in our bikinis. 

Satomi peered over at me nervously, worrying as usual about how she should act around Hiro.  She's so hopeless around guys, but anyway, he didn't seem to mind.  He'd told us he had a girlfriend in Japan before he came, but they broke up after she sicked her new hooligan boyfriend on poor Hiro.  Apparently, that was one of main reasons he had come to the States - to get away from this guy.  I didn't know quite what to make of all of this, but Satomi clearly felt sympathy for Hiro and his troubled past. 

Anyway, we took the bus down to the main beach.  It was absolutely packed.  Oceanview is not a major beach destination, but sometimes people come here from Los Angeles or San Diego.  There usually aren't too many Japanese tourists, but there are lots of Americans and some Mexicans and people from other places.  We walked up and down the beach looking for a good spot to set down our stuff, but the whole beach was pretty crowded. Satomi kept trying to drag us away towards the far end, but we finally managed to find an empty patch of sand right in front of this hotel. Around us were all these Americans lying out on their reclining beach chairs. 

For some reason, there seemed to be a lot of men, hanging near the beach fully dressed.  Satomi noticed it too, and the two of us were trying to figure out what was going on.  Were they locals who hadn't brought their swimsuits?  Or out-of-towners who just came to gawk?  Takuya and Hiro didn't seem too concerned.  They headed off to find a washroom.  Satomi had her swimsuit on under her clothes, so she was ready in no time. 

"How do I look?" she asked.  She was wearing her new suit, a light blue and white bikini with a lily pattern on it.  She'd tied the sides neatly in bows, and smiled, looking down at it shyly. 

"You look great.  You should wear suits like that more often," I nodded, happy to see her in a bikini for once.  I think Satomi has a great body - a slender waist, wide hips and nicely shaped breasts.  My bust is maybe a bit bigger than hers, but I still think she has the kind of figure guys go for. She finally sat down on her towel, and started rubbing sun block onto her arms and shoulders. 

I still had to change into my own swimsuit.  Even though there were all these people around, they didn't seem to be paying much attention to me.  I finally pulled out my big coral and pink beach towel, and wrapped it around my shoulders to cover up.  When I was younger, a couple of times, I wore my swimsuit under my dress, but forgot to bring underwear, and had to go home pantiless.  That was pretty embarrassing, so more recently, I tend to pack my suit in my backpack, and change once we get there.  That way I have undies for the trip home. 

Satomi was still busy putting on sun block, so I tried to push down my mini-skirt without flicking the towel up.  It was actually pretty windy out there by the seashore.  The towel kept fluttering in the wind.  I kept smoothing the towel back down, but it was hard to do two things at once.  I let the towel blow up, and pulled off my skirt.  Satomi was glaring over at me, worried, but the other beachgoers weren't really focusing on me.  A lot of people change on the beach.  I remember a Chinese girl who got changed by her family's van.  It seemed like a natural thing to do. 

Once I'd gotten the skirt off, I tried to pull off my t-shirt.  That was a bit harder because I needed both hands.  I had a sports bra in my bag for later, but I was bare-breasted under the t-shirt.  I held the towel against my tits with one hand, and slowly pulled the t-shirt up.  I wriggled out of the arm holes, pinned the towel to my chest with my chin, and finally managed to get the t-shirt off.  I took a hold of the towel again, but just as I tossed the t-shirt to Satomi, a big gust of wind blew my towel up. 

I gasped, and grabbed for it, but I wasn't quick enough.  For a moment, everyone could see my bare breasts.  I was so embarrassed.  I looked around to see what people made of this.  Satomi wasn't really paying attention, but some of the guys zeroed in on me right away.  One guy had a camera, and was eyeing me in wonder.  The young couple lying behind us started laughing. I let out a little giggle, embarrassed.  I hope that guy didn't get a picture of me topless. 

Satomi could tell from the way people were reacting that I must have done something.  She jumped to her feet, grabbed my towel, and helped wrap it back around me.  She looked at me sternly urging me not to fool around. 

"It wasn't on purpose, I swear," I whispered.  She looked doubtful. She'd seen me do these things before.  Anyway, Satomi grabbed hold of the towel, and held it tightly around me while I pulled my bikini top on.  I finally got it on, and gave Satomi an apologetic smile, but she was still grimacing. 

"Relax," I whispered.  "It's no big deal." 

She pursed her lips in this exasperated look, but she didn't seem all that angry.  I think she was mainly trying to keep Hiro from seeing me. She should try some of these things on him.  He'd probably like it. 

Anyway, next I started pulling down my panties.  The wind picked up again, and Satomi had trouble keeping my towel in check.  I giggled, and grabbed for it, but it had blown way up again.  My panties were hanging mid-thigh, so the people behind us probably got a peek at my bare behind. Satomi covered my bush with my bikini bottoms, and glared at me trying to get me to stop laughing.  I couldn't help it though.  The whole situation seemed so funny. 

Satomi helped me wrap the towel around my bare bottom, and I wiggled my hips till my panties fell to the ground.  Just then, Takuya and Hiro came back grinning like idiots. 

"Quite a show!" Takuya burbled with glee.  "You've got a great ass, Emi." 

I was kind of grateful for the compliment.  With my panties off, I felt kind of sexy, but I was glad in a way that he'd noticed.  It's not often that guys tell you what they think.  A lot of guys seem to like my body, but a girl likes a little confirmation now and then. 

Satomi smoothed my towel down, determined more than ever to keep it from blowing up again now that Hiro was right here watching.  I thought she was overreacting though, and gently nudged her to back up.  Unfortunately, it was true that all the people around us were staring at me now.  I gave in, took the bikini bottoms from her, and slid them on. 

"There.  Are you happy?" I whispered to her.  She didn't look happy at all.  I felt a bit bad, but honestly, it wasn't like I planned it.  Anyway, we all finally sat down on our towels.  I got out some sun block, but Takuya took it from me. 

"Here, let me help," he offered.  Satomi would have none of it though, and took the sun block from him. 

"Oh no, you don't.  I've heard about the things you do." 

"What?  What things?" he protested. 

"Oh, all kinds of stuff.  I know all about it.  You're a bad boy." 

I didn't say anything.  I was pretty sure I hadn't told Satomi about Takuya's stunts, but I guess she heard it from other people - perhaps from Hiro.  Anyway, I let her rub the sun block on my back.  Both Takuya and Hiro were sitting there were their mouths open staring at Satomi and me. They looked as if they were getting a real kick out of watching Satomi oil me up.  I just laughed, but Satomi looked at them annoyed. 

Anyway, as soon as I was all ready, I went in swimming.  I'd been really looking forward to this.  Takuya came out too, and followed me around while Satomi and Hiro lay chatting on the beach.  I was so pleased because it finally looked like Satomi might have found herself a boyfriend.  He was a bit young, but even so, I was happy for her.  She needs to get out, enjoy herself, have some fun. 

Anyway, after we'd been swimming a while, I started to get hungry.  I came back to shore, and suggested we go get some lunch.  There are a few restaurants near there and fast food places.  Takuya and Hiro pulled on shirts, but Satomi and I just slid on our sandals, and went in our bikinis. 

We walked up to this family restaurant, but a sign on the door said we had to be wearing shirts and shoes.  I suddenly pictured myself putting on a shirt but taking off my bikini bottoms.  That would be so funny to walk in there bottomless.  And they wouldn't be able to complain either as long as I had on a shirt and shoes.  Is that what the sign meant?  I started to picture all four of us bottomless.  I guess Satomi could tell I was thinking naughty thoughts.  She said we should just go in.  There were lots of girls outside there in bikinis.  The Maitre D' looked at us a bit funny, but in the end, he didn't object. 

We sat down, and the waitress brought our menus.  She was a tall woman, blonde with big breasts.  She was really friendly too, flirting with Takuya and Hiro a bit.  Satomi seemed pretty annoyed, and even I couldn't help wishing she would be a bit more considerate.  The guys seemed quite taken with her.  I tried to change the subject. 

"Do you think I'm getting a sunburn?" I asked. 

"Did you put more sun block on after you came out?" Satomi asked. 

"No, but it says on the bottle that it's supposed to be waterproof." 

Takuya finally turned to me, and said, 

"I can't tell.  Show us your tan lines." 

I wasn't sure if he was serious or not, but anyway, it did give me a chance to get their minds off the waitress.  I undid the right side tie on my bikini bottoms, and showed him my hip. 

"Here, stand up.  I can't see," Takuya said, grinning. 

I did as he suggested, showing my bare hip to the whole restaurant.  I held the front of the bikini tightly against my pubic hair, but I kind of let my other hand drift, exposing my bare bottom to whoever was behind us. Satomi grabbed my arm, and tried to get me to sit back down, but my pussy was starting to tingle, getting me all hot and bothered.  Unfortunately, the waitress saw me, and started coming this way.  I quickly sat back down, and did my bottoms back up.  I was so worked up my hands were shaking. God, I don't know why I do things like that.  It was like I couldn't stop myself.  I'd better settle back down. 

Next the boys wanted to see Satomi's tan lines, but she refused to show us.  She looked embarrassed enough with us all staring at her.  Anyway, finally, the food came, and we dug in to eat. 

After lunch, we couldn't go back in swimming right away, so Satomi finally got out our cover-ups, and we went shopping on the main street. They've built a few little interesting shops, but they didn't really have anything I wanted.  Takuya bought a t-shirt though, and we looked around for sunglasses. 

After a while, we went back down to the beach.  Satomi wanted to go to some quieter spot, but I kind of liked where we were just in front of the hotels.  There were these big stereo speakers there, and they were playing nice summery music.  We spread out our towels, and took off our cover-ups. 

Takuya and I left Satomi and Hiro alone again, and we walked along the beach.  Takuya had been grinning all day, cracking stupid jokes and telling me how good I looked.  To tell you the truth, I wasn't planning on dating him, but I was kind of enjoying hanging around with him, and teasing him a bit. 

We walked away from the hotels up to where there is this river and tunnel heading inland under the highway.  Takuya went in to take a look, and I got this horrible idea to get back at him for all the tricks he'd played on me.  I snuck up behind him, and suddenly pulled down his swim trunks, getting a little peek at his bottom before he managed to pull them back up.  I ran back out onto the beach, but he looked like he wanted revenge. 

"Be good now!" I kept telling him.  "Remember your promise." 

"What promise?" 

"You said you wouldn't try any tricks anymore.  Don't you remember?" 

"I never said that." 

I finally had to run all the way back to where Satomi and Hiro were, and get them to protect me.  Takuya was breathing pretty hard, but we finally managed to get him to settle down again.  Satomi and Hiro went all silent, and I wondered what they'd been talking about.  Anyway, I went in swimming again, and soon enough Takuya followed me out. 

"Leave me alone," I whined, but he just kept laughing and chasing after me.  I got some seaweed tangled on my bikini bottom, and he kept grabbing for it trying to pull it off.  He almost pulled down my bottoms, and he even got a short peek at the crack of my bottom.  "There we're even now, OK?" I told him.  He didn't seem convinced, but he finally agreed to be good.  I couldn't tell if he liked me or not, but he knew I was going out with Ryosuke, so probably it was all just in good fun. 

Eventually, it came time to head back.  The boys sat down on their towels a little ways away, and started pulling on their clothes over their still-wet swimsuits.  I don't like that clammy feeling, so I got out a towel, getting ready to take off my suit, and change back into my street clothes.  Satomi looked at me suspiciously, and came over to help me get back dressed.  She obviously didn't want me pulling any more of my stunts especially with her beloved Hiro watching. 

Satomi held up a smaller towel against my breasts while I took off my bikini top.  Instead of helping me though, she was gazing over at Hiro. She wasn't quite holding the towel high enough, and you could see my nipples sticking out over the top.  I struggled to pull my white cotton sports bra on over my head, but it got all tangled up and stuck to my wet skin.  Satomi raised her hands to help me pull down the bra. 

The bra was stuck, and suddenly she reached around behind my back, leaving my breasts exposed.  I was so shocked.  Takuya and Hiro looked surprised too.  I tried to keep a straight face, but I could tell a lot of the other guys sitting around us were checking me out too.  My face was getting all hot and flushed, as Satomi and I struggled to get the bra untangled, and pull it on.  I was trying so hard to act calm, but inside my body was boiling with excitement.  Trying to make it easier to get the bra on, I pulled my arms back, but that just emphasized the size of my bare breasts.  I smiled but more from embarrassment than anything. 

We finally managed to get my bra on, but not before a bunch of people saw.  Satomi pulled the bra down, and smoothed it out, brushing against my nipples, which were quite sensitive by then. 

"I guess we could have done that a bit more carefully," I joked, trying to ignore all the stares.  Satomi had this serious look on her face, gearing up to work on my bottoms next, I guess.  Satomi rubbed the towel down the front of my tummy, tickling me, and brushing against my bikini bottoms.  I was so worked up by then, I wasn't thinking straight any more. I tugged on the front of bottoms, almost about to pull them down in front of everybody.  Satomi, though, quickly pulled the towel around my waist, and helped me tie it on.  I still felt pretty frisky though.  This was fun, teasing Takuya and Hiro and all these guys with Satomi actually helping for once.  Everyone seemed to be watching me, wondering what I would do next. 

I reached up inside the towel, and pulled my bikini bottoms down, and stepped out of them.  The breeze felt so good on my pussy.  I was getting so excited.  There was this weird atmosphere in the air too.  The towel was hanging a bit like a miniskirt, just barely covering my pubis.  Everyone had seen me take off my bottoms, so they all knew I was naked underneath. I think they were hoping I'd drop my towel or let it blow open.  I didn't know what to do, but the tension was incredible.  It was like the whole beach was watching me now, anxious to see what I would do. 

My pubic hair was still wet from swimming.  I ruffled the towel up and down along my pubis, trying to make the whole thing look innocent.  That wasn't easy though.  My pussy was throbbing by then, my head, swimming with pleasurable sensations.  Without planning to, I lifted the towel up giving everyone a peek at my bush, still pretending I was just drying it off.  I was so embarrassed.  Satomi put out her hands as if she was going to help, but I covered up again before she could. 

The towel was sort of folded over around my waist, so pretending to fix it, I lifted the towel way up again giving Takuya and everyone an even better look at my pussy.  My hello kitty was tingling like crazy.  It felt so good I didn't know what I was doing anymore. 

I finally let the towel fall back down, and then moved my hands around to the back.  I used the towel to dry off my buttocks, but that just got me even more excited.  I moved my hands back to the front to dry off my pussy hair, but the towel fell open at the back.  I gathered it up till it was just a little bunch barely covering my pussy.  I was flashing my bare backside at the whole beach.  There I was standing almost stark naked right in the middle of the beach with all these people looking on.  I felt so exhilarated, so free.  I swear I was a second away from taking the towel off completely.  I would have too if Satomi hadn't put out her hands to stop me. 

I finally pulled the towel back around my hips, but I just held it there not bothering to tie it up.  Satomi looked edgy, but remarkably calm considering I'd just flashed my pussy and buns at Hiro and all.  I avoided looking at Takuya.  I probably shouldn't be teasing him. 

Satomi finally held up my white stretch cotton panties.  I stepped into one leg, but as I did so, the back of the towel fell open exposing my bare bottom again.  I pulled it shut, but it fell apart again when I stepped into the other leg.  The angle I was standing at, Takuya and Hiro probably couldn't see.  I turned my back to them to show them.  I felt so naughty, flashing them like this deliberately even. 

I stood there a moment with my panties hanging around my thighs, but Satomi had evidently had enough of my games.  She grabbed the towel, and wrapped it back around my behind tying it on more securely.  I was almost disappointed in a way, but I knew I shouldn't stand here flashing everyone forever. 

As I finally managed to pull my panties up Satomi lifted the towel, giving everyone one last peek, and then she pulled it off completely.  I really couldn't understand what she was up to because Hiro and them were all staring at me standing here in my undies.  I tried to straighten the bottoms out as best I could, but now that I had some clothes on, I was starting to feel more self-conscious again. 

Satomi handed me a pair of orange cargo pants from my bag, and I slowly pulled them on.  People were still watching, but now that I had clothes on at least I was decent.  Satomi handed me a sleeveless white hoodie next. 

Takuya, usually quite the chatterbox, was quiet.  He glanced over at me curiously, looking drained almost.  I wasn't sure what that meant.  Was he disappointed with me that I would do these things?  He does act kind of protective sometimes.  Maybe he worries about my being safe. 

I tried to get everyone talking again, snap them out of their trances. 

"Where are we going for supper?" I asked cheerfully. 

Takuya just rubbed his face, and Hiro was still looking at me in wonder. I don't know why they were responding like this.  They enjoy seeing me naked.  I guess they just didn't expect me to do it here.  Well, anyway, it doesn't matter.  What's done is done. 

Once we were all ready, we caught the bus downtown, and had supper in one of the restaurants there.  It was a very strange atmosphere, but slowly they started to snap out of it.  Takuya started joking with me again, and I was glad that things seemed to be back to normal. 

Anyway, there are still a lot of things I want to tell you about that summer, but I guess I'd better save them for next time.  Hope things are going well for you. 

