Erotic Trio Ch. 01
by gossog ©

(Author's note: This story was obviously inspired by the "Little Girl 
Games" series by TheSparkZone. Like any remake, I hope it works at least 
as well as the original...)

Hi, my name is Andrea and my best friends are Nicole and Rochelle. We're 
about to graduate from high school and go to college. We've been friends 
since sixth grade. We all like to show off our bodies -- a lot.

We met in home room in sixth grade and became good friends. And even 
during junior high and high school we stayed friends, which doesn't always 
happen. Some girls grow up at different times and in different ways, and 
drift apart. Or someone decides she's going to be a social climber and 
hang with a cooler crowd.

But we stayed best buddies, even as we all went thru puberty, discovered 
guys, and grew up. It helped that we were all lucky and became really 
pretty as our bodies developed. We all got nice breasts, we stayed thin, 
and we're really just cute all over. It sounds snobby to say this, but 
that's the way it is. And I know we're fortunate. Because of good looks, 
we're popular and can have our pick of guys, so high school was mostly fun 
and easy. We try not to let it get to our heads.

My hair is brown; Rochelle's a blonde; and Nic is brunette. It's all 
natural; as the boys might say, "the carpet matches the curtains." Which 
is really crude. At our age, boys are no way as mature as we are, and the 
more I see of men, the less I think they'll ever catch up. It's like 
they're 14 all their lives. But that makes them fun to tease!

We found out how fun it was to tease men when we stayed at Nicole's 
parents' beach condo over the summer on the Gulf Coast. It was two weeks 
of great sunny weather, and the three of us walking around in skimpy 
bikinis. And we got all kinds of attention from the men we walked by: some 
thinking they could pick us up (as if), and others shy enough to hang back 
and just stare at us. Sometimes it felt a little creepy, knowing all these 
guys were imagining us naked. (The way we were dressed, it wasn't too hard 
to imagine.) We turned down all the guys hitting on us, but we loved the 
attention.

It was a headrush just thinking about it, walking around in those teeny 
weeny bikinis. There was so little material hiding our bare breasts, butts 
and pussies from everyone to see. What if a knot came untied, or a string 
broke, while we were in a crowd of people? The idea that we were so close 
to being naked kept us so aroused all day, really wired. And it took a lot 
of energy. When we finally got back to bed each night, we would just 
collapse into bed and fall asleep.

The day before we went back, Nicole wanted to go shopping for a new 
bikini, something even more daring than she already had. Even though you 
might think Rochelle is the outgoing one because she's blonde, it's the 
other way around. Nicole has always been the adventurous one.

We went to the shop with the widest selection. Nicole found this one 
bikini from a maker called Wicked Weasel in Australia. It was hard to 
believe anyone could wear it in public. It was light blue, smaller than 
the ones we were wearing, and really sheer. No lining or anything. If you 
held it up from the rack, you could see your fingers right through it.

"That's the one," Nicole said, and she bought it. Then she went back in 
the dressing room and put it on.

She stepped out looking like she had second thoughts. "Omigod, I don't 
think I can wear this!"

It was held together by spaghetti straps tied in knots. You could see her 
brown areolae and dark nipples very clearly through the nearly transparent 
top. Below, her dark pubic hair was easily seen, and in back you could see 
the cleft of her bottom. The suit didn't hide anything. She was 
practically naked.

"You look soooo hot," Rochelle said.

"Shut up!" Nicole said, but smiling, because she thought Ro was just 
teasing her.

"No, I'm serious, you look like so hot in that thing," Ro said.

I had to agree. "It's like your other suit says, 'I'm a hottie, look at my 
body'" -- (Shut UP, Nicole said) -- "but this new suit just says, 'Sex.'"

"Yeah, it basically says 'Fuck me'," Ro said.

"Watch your MOUTH!" Nicole said, laughing. Then she thought for a moment 
and frowned. "So are you like attracted to me when I'm wearing this? 
Better to find out now than later!"

I just pointed two fingers up and stuck my tongue between them, as if 
licking pussy. Nicole said "G-rossssss!" and smacked my arm.

"I still think you're hot, and yes, I want to sleep with you," Rochelle 
said, deadpan, before she busted up laughing. Nic stuck her tongue out and 
turned away.

We were still inside the shop. Nicole was trying to figure out if she had 
the courage to wear the suit outside. "I don't know," she said, looking 
down at her barely-covered body and frowning. "Andy, what do you think?" 
("Andy" is her silly nickname for "Andrea.")

"I think you should try it," I said. "Just for a little bit."

Nic agreed, and took a deep breath, and then we walked outside.

I could tell this was really really tough for Nicole. It was scary. We 
were getting a lot of attention before, but now guys were just outright 
staring at her. They were laughing, pointing her out to their friends, and 
even whistling and cheering. I was watching her from behind. It looked 
sort of like she wasn't wearing anything, and someone had gone over her 
bare butt sparingly with a blue highlighter.

About a half block from the store, Nicole stopped and huddled up as if 
trying to stay warm. "I don't like this," she said. "I think I should go 
back in."

"Come on, Nic, be brave!" I said. I didn't want her to change clothes. 
Whatever Rochelle really was thinking, I really did like the way Nicole 
looked. It was a weird thing. We had seen each other naked many times, 
just casual stuff when showering and sleeping over and stuff. And I had 
never fooled around with any other girl. It wasn't my thing. But I loved 
the way she looked in that suit. I couldn't stop looking at her.

"How about let's just go to the ice cream shop and get a cone," I said. 
"And then see how things go. We could go to the bathroom and change if you 
want."

The ice cream place was two blocks further. Nicole thought about this for 
a while, then said she was OK. We kept walking down the street.

"Don't cover yourself up," I said. "It just makes you look scared. You're 
probably freaking yourself out."

She reluctantly dropped her hands to her sides, letting people once again 
have a clear view of her nearly naked body in front. Now I had pictured, 
since she was on display like this, that some guys would walk up to her 
and just start hitting on her, talking about their yacht or seaside condo 
blah blah blah. But they mostly kept their distance. I guess the sight of 
her was so unusual that it made more sense to just look. Then again, 
sometimes guys aren't easy to figure out.

At the ice cream shop, a small open-air place, we each got a cone and 
stood at the counter by the sidewalk. I kept an eye on our little handbags 
on the counter. Nicole stood facing indoors, her back to the sidewalk, so 
people could see only her bare bottom through the sheer material. They 
still stared, though. "See, you're doing okay," I said. "People are 
checking you out, but they're also scamming on me and Ro." But this was 
mainly because we were facing outward and giving them a frontal view in 
our skimpy bikinis.

"You should turn around," Ro said. "If they like the view from the back, 
the front view will blow them away."

"I think I'll stay like this," Nicole said, still apprehensive.

"Oh, come on!" Ro said. "We're leaving tomorrow. This is our last chance 
to do something crazy!"

"Nobody'll know who we are, or where we live," I said. "They're all 
strangers here." But Nicole wasn't budging.

So I took Nic's shoulder and said, "Ro, you grab the other side." We 
started forcing her to turn around. She was protesting and tried to 
resist, but we soon had her facing the people walking by. The sight of 
Nicole in the nearly transparent bikini, her nipples and bush clearly 
visible, caused some guys to stop in their tracks and nearly fall over.

Nicole stood there, nervously looking the crowd over, as more and more 
guys started hanging out nearby, pretending to wait or look for something 
as they kept gazing at her. How naughty this was! Even though she didn't 
want to go through with it at first, it was really cool that she was doing 
it. I was impressed with her. How many other girls our age would have 
accepted a dare like that?

A bit of chocolate ice cream dripped onto Nicole's chest, and slowly slid 
down her cleavage, leaving a trail. She didn't know what to do at first, 
just kind of staring at it. Then Rochelle handed her a wet napkin and she 
wiped it off. I could tell the guys liked this. There's something sexy 
about cute girls in bikinis licking ice cream cones.

Then two guys walked directly up to us. They looked like they were about 
21, three years older than us. The taller one was obviously the alpha 
male, better looking, and showed a lot of confidence. He said hi to all 
three of us and then said to Nicole, "That swimsuit's really hot." No 
pickup line or anything. Just really direct.

Nicole had gotten over her nervousness a little bit and smiled at him, 
flirting. After all, he was really cute. "It's from Australia," she said.

"Hi, I'm Brandon."

"Nicole." They shook hands.

"You're really brave to be wearing that out here."

"I know," she said, almost gushing. "Like, these bows are the only thing 
that keep it on me."

"You must have to double-check them when you put it on," Brandon said. He 
was totally checking out her body, not even trying to hide it.

"Yeah," she laughed, "if it got caught on something or came loose, wow! 
That's it!"

"Really," he said. He took one end of the knot at her hip, holding the 
bottoms up. He didn't pull it, but gently held it between thumb and 
finger.

"Uh uh. Don't you dare!" Nicole said, but still smiling, enjoying getting 
teased.

"So like, if this gets snagged, it can get pulled right off?" he said, 
grinning.

Then she got the idea that he might really pull the string. "No! Don't do 
it!" With her free hand, she covered her pubic area, holding on to the 
suit there, protecting herself. She took a lick of her ice cream, which 
was starting to drip. What if he wasn't just teasing?

"Jay, check those knots in back," he said. His friend Jay stepped behind 
Nicole. There was a knot at the back of her neck, and another one between 
her shoulder blades; those kept the top up.

"C'mon, you guys," she pleaded. "Let go." It was looking more and more 
like they might try to untie her. Looking back, I'm surprised that we 
didn't do anything to stop them. The reason for me (which I didn't want to 
admit for a while) was that I didn't want them to stop.

Brandon undid one side tie at her hip. So he was really doing it! Nicole 
couldn't do anything, because she had the cone in one hand and the other 
hand was covering her pussy. Even though the suit was see-through, she 
didn't want to lose it. The bikini hung loosely on the side he untied, 
baring her hip, half of her lap (except what her hand covered), and half 
her butt.

"You guys, I'm serious. Don't do this!"

They weren't listening. In back, Jay untied the knot between her shoulder 
blades, and now Nicole's top rested loosely on her breasts. The ties from 
the cups (really just triangles of fabric) dangled down toward her waist. 
If she leaned forward, her breasts would be completely exposed. A gust of 
wind would do the same thing. This was getting out of hand!

The guys didn't stop there. Brandon untied the other knot for her bottoms, 
and now it was almost completely off. Her hand kept a bit of fabric in 
front of her pubic hair, but the rest of the bikini hung limply between 
her legs, which were about shoulder-width apart. Her shapely butt was 
completely exposed.

"I mean it! Put it back on, now!" Her eyes were wide. It wasn't funny 
anymore.

Jay untied the top knot at the nape of her neck, and the top slid down. 
Nicole tried to trap it between her arm and breasts, but she missed, and 
it fell to the ground. He picked it up. Her bare breasts and dark nipples 
were visible for a moment before she covered them as well as she could, 
with one arm. Aside from what she covered with her hands, there was only 
bare skin.

Even though Nicole was almost naked, Brandon wasn't satisfied, and tugged 
at the loose fabric between Nicole's legs, trying to free it. She refused 
to let go, and so he stepped back and kept pulling. Now, instead of being 
able to cover herself down below, she was in a one-handed tug of war. With 
one arm she covered her breasts, and held onto her ice cream, but the 
other arm was now stretched in front of her. Her pussy was completely 
exposed. No doubt everyone was getting a really good look at her bare 
butt, and her dark pubic hair, and a partial glimpse of her breasts.

Nic and Brandon still tugged at the bikini until it slipped out of her 
hands, and she stumbled backward. Throwing out both hands to steady 
herself, one still holding the dripping cone, her lovely breasts were 
exposed, and now everyone had a full frontal view of her naked body. 
Brandon and Jay each held half of her bikini and were grinning.

Then finally I got my conscience back for a moment. "You creeps!" I said. 
"Hand it over and get the hell out of here."

"Geez, what's your problem," said Brandon. "What do you expect, wearing 
something like that." He tossed Nicole's bikini bottoms at her feet, next 
to her top. "Let's go."

Nicole stood there huddled, trying to cover as much of her nakedness as 
she could. "Why didn't you guys do anything?"

"I'm sorry, it was just so weird," I said. "I was like spellbound or 
something."

"It happened really fast," said Rochelle. "God, I'm so sorry."

"It's OK, it's OK. Can you help me with my suit?"

"Sure," I said, and picked it up. She was doing an OK job of hiding her 
front, but she was still completely uncovered in back. "I'll put on your 
bottoms. Move your hand for a second."

Nicole lifted her hand, exposing her pussy once more. I was trying to get 
her bottoms on straight, but I couldn't figure out which side was forward. 
Then realized I had her top instead. When things were that skimpy, they 
looked alike.

"Sorry, this is the top. Lift up your other arm and I'll put it on," I 
said.

Nicole lifted both arms, elbows out, completely exposing herself again. 
Man, she was just really beautiful naked! I found myself wanting to delay 
getting her dressed again.

Nicole's ice cream started dripping, forming little chocolate drops on her 
bare white skin. One on her thigh, another between her breasts, one near 
her left nipple. "We have to clean you off before we put the suit back on. 
Ro, can you get me a napkin?"

Rochelle dipped a napkin in her water and handed it to me. I thoroughly 
cleaned off each spot, dabbing it dry with the dry half. "Hurry up!" 
Nicole pleaded, arms still up. She was shifting her weight from side to 
side, impatient with us. Her bare breasts jiggled a bit as she did this. 
Quite a crowd had gathered around to watch.

"Okay," I said and picked up the top again. But more ice cream dripped on 
her skin. "It's really melting now," I said. "You'll have to eat some so 
it doesn't drip over the cone."

"Come on!" Nicole pouted. "I need to get dressed!"

"Until you stop dripping, we can't really do anything," I said.

She wanted to argue further, but I think she realized the longer she 
argued, the longer she would be naked, and draw even more attention. She 
licked her ice cream until it was level with the cone. She could have 
covered part of her body while doing this, but I guess she wasn't thinking 
that clearly. Many men got a good look at naked Nicole licking her ice 
cream. Maybe they were imagining her licking them, or them licking her. 
"Okay, I'm ready now!" she said. "Put my suit back on!"

But there were still chocolate drips in many places. "Ro, you got another 
napkin?"

"No, we're all out!" she said.

No more napkins to clean our friend off. So what were we going to do?

"We'll have to lick it off," I said.

"You'll what?" Nicole said.

"It'll be really quick. Ro, you take her legs, I'll do up top."

I guess Nicole so couldn't believe this that she didn't even say anything 
more. Ro kneeled and I bent my knees a bit so my face was at Nicole's 
chest.

At each spot of chocolate on and around Nicole's breasts, I licked slowly 
and warmly, making sure I got every last bit. The taste of the ice cream 
on her bare skin was delicious. I looked down and Rochelle was doing the 
same thing, spending a lot of time licking just inches away from Nicole's 
pussy. She had her hands on Nicole's bare bottom to keep her steady. How 
hot this must have looked to bystanders: two cute girls in skimpy bikinis, 
kissing and licking another girl who was completely naked!

I loved the taste and sight of Nic's breasts, and spent extra time there, 
even after everything was clean. I could tell she was starting to enjoy 
this, even in spite of herself, because she started to shiver a little 
bit, and her nipples became really erect between my gentle lips. Then I 
started licking her breasts in really broad strokes, like they were big 
scoops of vanilla ice cream. She started writhing and bucking, and 
breathing really hard. I went back to her nipples, and gently nibbled 
them, like cherries on a banana split. It was like she was the sundae, and 
I was taking my time enjoying her.

Nicole started moaning, and I thought wow, she's about to come, right here 
in public! But I wanted that to happen. Ro was still going too, down 
below. "We just have to finish cleaning you off, and then we'll put your 
suit back on," I teased, and then went back to kissing her nipples. Nic 
didn't say anything. I think she realized we wouldn't get her dressed 
anytime soon.

I glanced down and Ro was doing what I thought she would. Her head was 
between Nic's legs, working away. No more teasing, she was actually 
licking her pussy! That was so hot! I looked up, and Nic's eyes were 
closed, and her lips were open. She no longer cared where she was. All she 
knew was what we were doing to her. And then Ro must have finished her 
off, because she came, gasping and moaning. Her bare breasts jiggled as 
she shuddered. Her lips were slightly open as she breathed. I put my ear 
to her chest and could hear her heart pounding really fast.

Nicole's eyes opened, and she looked happy, maybe a little embarrassed, a 
little sleepy, and a little freaked out. I looked at her lips again. 
"There's a spot I missed here," I said and kissed her with open mouth, my 
tongue probing her. She responded forcefully, sucking and nibbling as we 
kissed. Her eyes were really surprised for a second, but then she brought 
me against her in a tight embrace. I had never touched a girl, or kissed a 
girl, or anything "bi" like that, but there was no question I was doing it 
now.

We were snuggling and kissing, and then she unclasped my top in back. I 
thought, wait a minute, I'm not ready for this. She looked me in the eye 
and said, "It's only fair."

She pushed me back a little bit and I let her take the top off, over my 
head. I could feel the open air on my nipples. Now I was topless in 
public! Adrenaline rushed through me, like it does when you're speeding 
and then you notice a cop. I still wasn't sure I wanted to do this. But 
Nicole was right, fair is fair. And I had already made a spectacle of 
myself, even with my bikini on.

Rochelle stood up, smiling. "Hey, cutie!" she said, noticing my top off. I 
wondered if I should go for hers. But instead she said, "Wanna trade 
sides?"

Did I want to lick Nicole's moist pussy and make her come again? You bet I 
wanted to!

So we started working on Nicole's again, this time with me at her waist 
and Ro licking her chest. What a nice assortment of girls for those 
watching: Rochelle in a skimpy bikini, me topless, and Nicole nude. Nic's 
pussy was wet and pungent and I just went straight in with my tongue. 
Meanwhile, I massaged her bare bottom, squeezing and caressing.


We did this for a while, and Nicole was close to coming again, then 
Rochelle stepped behind me and squatted down. "Stand up," she whispered in 
my ear. I stood up, and Nic had a look like "huh?" and then Rochelle 
started kissing the nape of my neck and fondling my breasts!

I almost came right away from the surprise. Rochelle was coaxing out this 
warmth which radiated from my nipples all through my body, and her light 
kisses, like a butterfly, were doing the same thing. And then Nic started 
kissing me, and instead of us ganging up on her, they were ganging up on 
me.

I felt hands at my hips, and it had to be Nicole, because Ro was still 
cupping my breasts. Nicole stopped kissing me and kneeled down, and took 
my bikini bottoms off. Now I was completely naked too, and I shivered from 
a thrilling feeling that rushed through me. Nic stood up again and resumed 
kissing me, wetly, open mouth and lots of tongue. And Ro was still kissing 
my neck and fondling my boobs, and Nicole had a finger between my legs, 
and now up inside my wet pussy. All this in front of so many people... I 
couldn't even think about that. I closed my eyes. With four lips and four 
hands making love to me, I came really hard, many many times.

Then Nicole and I looked at each other, and without speaking, we knew it 
was time for Rochelle to be naked too. We turned toward her, but she was 
already picking up our suits.

"Cops are coming," she said, which broke the spell immediately. "We really 
gotta go before we're in big trouble." Two policemen were walking over and 
trying to get the crowd to disperse. Many were protesting and booing this 
turn of events.

I just froze, and I think Nicole did too, as the reality of this hit us. 
What had we done? I was standing out here naked, and probably about to get 
arrested!

The shop owner, a retired military guy with short gray hair, called to us. 
"This way!" He lifted up a hinged section of the counter. He was going to 
help us escape!

"I've got your suits!" Rochelle said. Good; Nic and I could get out of 
sight as fast as possible.

"I loved your show out there," he said, leading us through the back of the 
shop. "No way should you get in trouble for it. Out the back door, and 
I'll stall the cops for you."

"Thanks!" Rochelle said, blowing him a kiss. Nicole and I waved behind us 
as we headed for the exit.

The door opened into a back alley. No one else was around, which was fine 
with me.

"That was a close one," Nicole said. "Can we have our suits? Let's go back 
to the condo."

But Rochelle was empty-handed. She was supposed to have picked them up! 
She told us so!

"I think I dropped them," Ro said. "Sorry."

"Sorry??" said Nicole. "Thanks a lot! Now what do we do?"

"Let's just go," I said. It wouldn't do any good to stand here arguing, or 
to go back in and look for them. But I was pissed off too. Because Ro 
forgot the bikinis, Nic and I had to walk home naked, while she had no 
consequences at all.

The condo was three blocks away. We cut through parking lots and back 
alleys, staying away from main streets with lots of people. Still we were 
seen. Nicole and I could sort of cover ourselves with arms and hands, but 
our backsides were still completely exposed. When we got to the condo 
complex we sprinted to our room, and were finally out of public view.

We didn't speak to Rochelle for a while. First I showered and got dressed, 
and then Nicole did. Ro stayed in her bikini, watching TV. Then Nicole 
called her out.

"I can't believe you, Ro."

Ro stood up. "I'm sorry I lost the suits. I didn't mean to."

"Not only that," Nic said. "First you have me and Andy naked while you 
keep everything on. Then you forget our suits. And on the walk home, you 
never even offered to share! You've got that full bikini on and we are 
completely naked! It's just selfish." 

"It was your idea to wear the see-through bikini," Ro said.

Nic glared at her. "Not to have it stripped off! You guys were all, 'let's 
lick off the ice cream' while I'm standing there with everything showing!"

"Hey, I was naked too," I said, trying to calm things down. "I know it was 
wrong what we did. But it was a mistake. And who knows, Ro might have 
stripped off her suit if the cops weren't coming."

"She should take it off now," Nic said.

"No way!" Ro said.

"It's only fair," I said. We both stared at Ro, and she at us, for 
probably a full minute.

Then she said "Oh, all right", and stripped her bikini off. She stood 
there naked, arms out like she was being crucified. "I'm really sorry you 
guys. I got caught up in the thrill of it and wasn't meaning to hurt you."

"That's OK," Nic said. "Now all three of us will go down to the pool and 
hang out until dinner. Rochelle, you can stay like that."

"Hey!"

"She did apologize," I said. "Do you really need to get revenge?"

"Yeah, two wrongs don't make a right," Ro said.

Nicole thought about this. "Okay. No eye for an eye. Instead, let's hang 
out here until it's time to eat." She smiled. "You can get dressed when we 
go out."

"What?" Ro looked confused.

"Andy and I are going to explore that cute little body of yours."

Ro's eyes widened. "I think I'd rather go to the pool!"

We cornered her and took her to the bed, and she didn't put up much of a 
fight at all. With me licking her pussy and Nicole nuzzling her breasts, 
it wasn't long before Ro was really enjoying it. We ditched our clothes 
and soon all three of us were under the sheets fooling around.

We didn't feel like going out for dinner, so Nicole ordered pizza. When it 
arrived, she told us "watch this", and went to answer the door naked, just 
as casual as could be.

The pizza guy read more into this than he should have. "You guys having a 
party? I could have my buddy cover my shift."

"Noooo," Nicole said coyly, looking over at us. We were under the sheets, 
but our bare shoulders probably told him all he wanted to know. "I've got 
more than I can handle right now. Thanks... bye bye!"

He was still trying to peer in as she shut the door.

Have you ever eaten pizza naked? We did, just that one time. I had to be 
careful not to spill anything on myself; otherwise, Nic or Ro would have 
to lick it off. After a while I was dipping a finger in tomato sauce and 
marking off parts of my body I wanted to be licked.

We didn't put any clothes on until about lunchtime the next day, when it 
was almost time to leave. We didn't get much sleep that night, either.

So did this set us on a life of wild uncontrolled lesbian exhibitionism? 
Well ... not immediately! What we did in that condo stayed in the condo. 
Back home, we were our regular selves again. Good friends, who kept our 
clothes on. For a while.