New Adventures In Exhibitionism
by xxxkittenxxx ©

This happened a couple of years ago, a week after I became legal. I had 
developed early and had absolutely massive breasts for my age. I spent 
most of my life trying to hide them at this point, ashamed I was so 
different.

One night my brother's friend had come round, but I was the only one in. 
Mike, my brother, had gone out but I told him he would come back soon, and 
was welcome to wait.

He accepted, and came in. As I hadn't been planning on seeing anyone I was 
wearing a cropped T-shirt my breasts were virtually falling out of, and no 
bra. My denim shorts showed off my slim legs nicely, although they were 
too short for me to even think about wearing in public.

I saw Greg staring at my breasts, and I reddened. I turned away from him, 
asking if he wanted a cold drink while he waited. He said yes, and as I 
reached up to get the glasses from the high shelf, the bottom of my tits 
became visible, and before I knew what was happening, Greg was standing 
behind me, his hands slowly working their way up my stomach. 

I froze. His hands cupped my breasts, and I heard him groan in my ear.

'My god Mae, you're amazing,' he said, 'why don't you always dress like 
this?' He was rubbing my nipples, and they had become like rocks.

I let out a small moan, and didn't say anything as he pulled my T-shirt 
over my head. My breasts sprang free and I saw my top fall to my feet.

I felt a thrill as he turned me around, I had never been so exposed 
before, I was loving it. He roughly lifted me onto the kitchen surface and 
pushed me back against the wall. He took one of my breasts in his mouth, 
and began sucking and biting. I opened my eyes and looked up realising 
that I was sat opposite the very large window in the front of the house, 
which looked out onto a busy street. It was usually covered with curtains, 
but they were being washed so I soon realised I was totally exposed.

I knew people would be watching me, and they were. A group had stopped, 
and were enjoying the show, but not as much as I was. I couldn't believe 
all this people were getting turned on by watching me, I had noticed a few 
men rubbing their crotches.

I was torn away from my pleasure as I heard a loud zip, Greg had undone 
his zipper and was busy releasing his cock. I had never seen one before, 
not even in pictures, and as it sprang out, all hard and purple, I began 
to feel sick. When he roughly pulled me off the counter, I could tell he 
wanted me to blow him. I panicked, realised what I was doing. It was like 
waking up from a dream, all of a sudden I felt exposed, vulnerable. I 
stood and ran out of the room. I think I heard him shouting after me, but 
I quickly ran up the stairs and locked myself in my room.

The next day we were eating tea as a family downstairs. My parents 
announced that they were going away for the weekend. They were leaving 
Mike in charge, with strict instructions to not have parties.

I knew he would have a party, and Greg would come. 

I had been thinking about the day before a lot. In fact every time I did I 
got really wet, and soon realised that I was incredibly turned on, not 
from Greg, but from all those people outside seeing me. I tried to stop 
feeling this way, but part of me just wanted to do it again.

But as I knew there would be a party my heart sank, I didn't want it to 
happen again, especially not with Greg.

I consoled myself with the fact that I would just be able to lock myself 
in my room and watch television.

Saturday night came all too soon, and I was right, Mike's friends all 
started to arrive. I panicked and tried to leave the house.

'Mae,' Mike saw me trying to leave, 'Where do you think you're going? Mum 
told me not to let you go out. Stay, join in the party.' I tried to go, 
but he insisted I stay, and he can be very persuasive.

I gloomily slunk back up to my room, shut the door behind me and tried to 
lock it, I couldn't believe it - someone had removed the lock. I decided 
the best thing to do was just to stay dressed and watch TV, as I had 
planned.

An hour or so later the music downstairs was loud, and it sounded like a 
lot of people were downstairs. I had settled and decided that the lock had 
probably just been removed to put on another room, the dining room 
perhaps, to stop people going in. Just as I had decided everything was OK 
I heard a knock on my door. I straightened up and walked to the door, 
opening it slightly. It was Greg, and some other blokes I didn't 
recognise, and a couple of girls in the background too.

'Hi,' said Greg, 'It's all getting a bit noisy down there, can we come 
in?'

Something inside made me nod, and I opened the door for them all to come 
in. Everyone sat on my floor, and Greg invited me to sit next to him.

'I told everyone about how beautiful you are,' he spoke quietly, but 
everyone was listening. 'And they all wanted to see your breasts too, just 
to look.'

I could feel the exhibitionist in me surfacing again. 'Just to look 
though, right?' I looked at everyone.

'Absolutely,' Greg was smiling now.

I numbly lifted my T-shirt over my head. Again I wasn't wearing a bra, and 
the heavy tits bounced as they sprang free. As I saw everyone looking at 
me, I began to squeeze my nipples hard, I couldn't help it, I loved the 
thrill. As I looked round I saw some people were masturbating, trouser and 
skirts pushed aside. This made me hotter than I had ever felt in my life, 
and I let Greg suck my tits again, as I rubbed my clit.

Before I knew what had happened I felt a hard cock rub against my back, 
and another one between my breasts, someone pushed me down and my skirt 
was pulled off me by a girl I vaguely recognised. I was rubbing myself 
faster now. I saw everyone gather round, all the boys had their cocks out, 
rubbing them fast, one was pushed into my mouth, and I tried to swallow as 
much as possible, then he began pumping in and out, fucking my face.

I heard a loud moan and someone was spurting white stuff on my breasts, 
covering me in it, more and more people began unloading themselves on me 
and I felt my body ripple in orgasm as more and more of the stuff fell 
onto my chest, still with a cock in my mouth. All of a sudden I felt it 
swell and he began to come too, Greg removed his cock from my mouth and 
covered my face with his cum, I tried to swallow but he was shooting off 
in my eyes, my hair, moving to my breasts to finish the job. 

I lay back in my post-orgasmic joy, shaking slightly. As I opened my eyes 
for the first time in a few minutes, I realised everyone had left. I stood 
and walked to the bathroom, I didn't bother to cover myself up, I had 
discovered a new thrill, and I couldn't wait to have more of it.

This made me realise how much I loved other people looking at me, it 
opened my eyes to a whole new experience, and after that I couldn't help 
but show myself off... 
