Water Park Turns Sexy
by ShareMySecret

AGREEING TO MORE

Chapter 4 of "Water Park Turns Sexy" series.

This is a continuation of my previous stories: "Water Park Turns Sexy", "Public Pleasure at Amusement Park", and "Word (and Video) Gets Out. You should read those before this one.

*****

I read and re-read "we have to agree to do more videos for the company." This porn company wants to buy the rights to the video of my ... we'll say exploits ... at the amusement park and put it behind a pay wall. Since the video is already out there, with who knows how many people watching it, that part sounds great -- less exposure. But to have to agree to do more videos? To sign a contract to make porn? That felt totally different.

Last time, I just got carried away because I was so turned on. I didn't NOT understand that people were making videos of me, but I also didn't explicitly sign up for that part of it. I staged my little accident on the chairlift for a quick thrill, not to be immortalized on some skeezy web site. Ending up on a porn site had been an accident -- an unintended consequence. I wasn't sure if I could go through with that.

I continued to stare at my phone, lost in thought, when it began to ring and vibrate in my hand. Startled, I looked at the screen and saw the same unsaved number I had been texting with. Unsaved, because I still didn't even know this girl's name or anything about her except that she worked at the amusement park and had given me the most intense orgasms of my life in front of a crowd of people, who helped to make sure that moment was preserved forever online by recording her face on my pussy from every conceivable angle.

I let the phone ring three times, debating whether to answer, then picked up on the 4th ring.

"Hello?" I answered.

"I thought you might be a little freaked, and it would be easier to talk. What's your name?"

"Sarah," I lied. I'm not quite sure why I didn't want to tell her my real name. The problem was that my face (and the rest of my body) was shown clearly in the video, not that my name was there. Still, here I was, Sarah for the time being.

"Sarah," she repeated. "I'm Holly. Nice to meet you ... officially."

"Yeah, you too," I answered. "So, what's the deal with this contract, Holly? It would be great if they want to buy the rights to that video and start getting it taken off all the free sites they can, but I don't want to make another video -- seems like that just makes the problem worse!"

"Sarah, I get it," Holly said. "You've got a life and people who might find out about this, and you want to avoid the fallout if your friends or family or boss or whoever happens on the video, right? I'm in the same boat. I didn't go to work at the fucking chairlift ride expecting to do ... that, and certainly not to get recorded doing ... that."

She seemed a little nervous or embarrassed. It was reassuring to know it wasn't just me. She went on.

"From what I've heard, it can be expensive to do whatever legal thing they have to do to start enforcing their copyright if they take ownership of the video. They don't think they'll make enough from this video alone to make it worthwhile, so they're only willing to buy a set of 5 videos, with the next 4 going directly to them so they don't have to get them off other sites."

"Four more videos?!" I exclaimed, "Of what? Me naked? Having sex? I can't do that -- I'm not a porn star! I'm a goddam high school science teacher!"

"Really?" Holly asked. "A teacher? Huh, way cooler than any teachers I ever had in high school! Anyway, I get that you're not excited about this. I'm not either. I think, though, that we're choosing between two bad options. The reality is that we're both already in a porn movie. It's edited all fancy and has a bunch of camera angles, so it kind of looks like it was professionally done. Not super professional, or anything, but what I'm saying is that people watching it might assume that we got hired as actresses in a porno. That video is out there already, with more people finding it every day. How long until your dad or your boss or one of your students finds it? When they do, aren't they going to think you're a porn star?"

That rang true -- I was pretty sure people I knew had already seen it, and that they knew (or at least suspected) it was me. I paused, thinking about what she was saying. Finally, I said, "I just don't think I can do that. That's not who I am!"

"OK, hard truth here, Sarah." Holly tone was calm, but firmer than before. "As far as I could tell, nobody forced you to go to the amusement park and get naked on a chairlift. Nobody forced you to let that guy finger you. Nobody forced you to rub your clit and cum in front of a crowd who all had their phones out recording you. And I know I never forced my tongue on your pussy. You gave me a very clear yes before I started, and you grabbed my hair to hold me in place once I did. You came so hard for me! I looked up and you and watched as you looked around at your audience, recording you as you had your orgasms and I saw such lust in your eyes!"

I felt shame welling up inside of me and thought I might cry. Holly continued.

"And I'm not saying this out of judgement. That was the most exciting, sexiest thing that's ever happened to me. I've gotten myself off every night thinking about that scene, and more recently watching our video. I just think you need to realize that whoever you think you are, you aren't a prim and proper science teacher who would never do anything like appear in a porn movie."

That fact hit hard. I didn't say anything.

"Look," she went on. "Why don't you come over and we can talk a little more about it. I'll tell Mike to come over, too."

"Mike?" I asked.

"I worked with him at the park. He's the one who bought all the videos everyone recorded on their phones and edited them together. He's also the one who is in touch with this porn company that wants to buy the video."

I got her address and drove over. It was a longer drive, so I had a little time to think. There was a minor identity crisis brewing up inside of me, but I forced it back down and tried to pay attention to the driving. Holly did have a point, though. I had gone to the park because the thought of showing my naked body to a bunch of strangers in public had been driving me wild for years. I wanted them to see me, and I wanted them to think about me later when they were touching themselves. I hadn't planned for it to go any further than a quick flash, but I was far from powerless to stop what had happened. I never objected once. I climbed that ladder, knowing people were taking my picture. I never told that guy to get his hands off me, and even gave him instructions on how to do a better job of it. At the far end of the chairlift, I absolutely could have sat with my hands covering my nakedness and waited for them to return my suit, but I chose to spread my legs and get myself off for a crowd of people as they took pictures and videos.

Yeah, that kind of does sound like the type of person who would agree to be in a porno.

I arrived at Holly's condo and knocked on the front door. Holly, whose face I had mainly seen between my legs up until now, opened the door. There was an awkward moment when I wasn't sure whether to walk in, shake her hand, or go in for a hug. Holly closed the distance and gave me a quick, but soft, kiss on the lips, then led me into her living room.

With her drab amusement park uniform (including a baggy polo and a baseball cap), it hadn't really hit me previously just how pretty she was. Today she was wearing form-fitting jeans and a grey t-shirt that hugged her curves attractively. As she walked in front of me, she glanced over her shoulder at me, tossing her dark brown hair out of her face, and flashed a beautiful smile.

"So, when is Mike coming?" I asked.

"He's working for another half hour or so, but he'll be over right after. The park is only 10 minutes away. It's just us for a while. I figured that might be better, anyway."

She gestured for me to sit on the couch, which I did, then she sat down next to me.

Holly continued, "Look, I don't really know what to say about what happened at the park. I ... um ... that wasn't what I ..."

She trailed off, so I interjected, "Yeah, it wasn't something I was planning either."

"How did you end up doing that? Was it a bet or something?" She asked.

I let out a big sigh, then told her about my initial water park exposure, and how I'd fantasized about it for years after that first time, never being able to recreate the rush with my less-daring dalliances with exhibitionism.

"The plan was just to go to the water park section that night and to make it look like my suit came off on the waterslide again," I explained. "Then the water park was closed, and I was riding the chairlift, and got the idea that I could loosen my suit a little and snag one of the ties on the wooden slats of the chair. I figured it would just pull my suit loose or maybe even off, I'd get my quick flash, then adjust and be done, but then the suit caught on the chair and ended up leaving without me."

"Yeah, we saw it come to our end," Holly said. "I was just going to send it back, but Mike wanted to tuck it away and wait for the half naked girl it belonged to to come asking for it. Of course, he said it was because he didn't want to risk someone getting on that chair and stealing it, but he was pretty transparent. He's an assistant manager, so I kind of had to do what he said."

"Wait, so if it wasn't for Mike, my suit would have come back around, and I wouldn't have had to get on the chairlift naked to go retrieve it?" I exclaimed. "Son of a bitch!"

"Yes, he most definitely is." Holly answered. "Anyway, what happened after you lost your bottoms? That's still a long way from 'lost swimsuit' to the first time I saw you."

I told her how I'd waited in line for the chairlift, how the guys around me were getting grabby and loosened my top, and how I'd ended up getting seated with the guy who would later finger me for a crowd.

"So, you didn't even know that guy?" Holly asked. "Sorry, I didn't mean to sound judgmental. I just figured he was a date or something." She put her hand down on my leg, which was bare as I was wearing a skirt. The skin-to-skin contact was unexpected, but not unpleasant. I left it there.

"No," I went on. "I think he bribed the chairlift guy to say that I had to ride with him. I was covering myself with my hands because there were guys under the lift trying to take my picture through the slats of the chair. When I went to try to fix my top, the guy with me oh-so-gallantly put his hand between my legs to shield me from the cameras."

"And then he just started finger banging you?" Holly asked. Her breathing had gotten faster, and I felt her hand start to slide up my thigh slightly. My breathe matched hers as the butterflies went haywire in my stomach.

"Well, no." I answered. "At first, he just held his hands there while I tried to fix my top. The top fell out of place, so he could see my tits, and he told me I was sexy. He wiggled his fingers a little and told me I was really wet."

Holly's hand, continuing its slow journey up my thigh, reached my panties. "Like you are now?" She asked, biting her lip.

I panted back, "Yeah, just like that."

"Then what happened?" She asked, as she pressed her hand against my vulva through my underwear.

"I told him that I was horny as fuck, and he stuck his finger in me."

"Like this?" Holly asked. She pulled my panties to the side, then gently inserted one finger into my pussy. She moved it in and out slowly. In the quiet living room, the only sound was our fast breathes and the quiet squelching of my wet vagina.

"Mm hmm," I answered, then leaned in and kissed her passionately. She reciprocated, firmly pressing her lips against mine. She tasted like strawberry lip gloss.

"Keep going," she urged. "What happened next?"

"He didn't know what he was doing, so I told him to rub my clit." I answered. Just as the guy had done, Holly switched to rubbing circles around my clit. We continued to kiss as she rubbed me, but my panties kept sliding back over and getting in her way. Not wanting anything to hamper her progress, I lifted myself from the couch and pulled down my panties, then kicked them off. I sat back on the couch and spread my legs.

Holly stared at my naked pussy, then kneeled in front of me. "Keep going. I want to know what it was like getting fingered on the chairlift," she said, then put her head between my legs and began to kiss my vulva.

I moaned, then managed to say (between pants), "I told him to show my pussy some respect and rub my clit, and he followed directions like a good boy. Oh, god, that feels so good. I slid forward on the chairlift and spread my legs wide, so he had better access. I knew there were guys taking pictures below me, but I didn't care. I felt so powerful, commanding this guy to pleasure me and getting a whole crowd of guys all riled up. I wanted them to see me."

I paused, breathing hard and wiping the sweat from my brow. I was getting close. The combination of her mouth on my pussy in the present, and being taken back in my mind to this insane wet dream of a night as I retold the story was powerful.

"I could feel my orgasm building. It was so intense. Shit, just like that. Don't stop. He sucked on my nipple and rubbed my clit, and I stuck a finger in my pussy and I felt myself cumming. I sprayed out and could hear it hitting the ground and the guys who were recording probably had to dodge, but I was cumming so hard that I wasn't embarrassed or self-conscious or anything. Oh god, I'm close. Don't stop!"

Just then, a loud knock at the door startled us both, and Holly stopped her ministrations on my very wet, very near-to-orgasm pussy.

"Shit, that'll be Mike," she said. "I'm sorry, I'll finish you later, OK? We really need to talk to him now."

With that, she stood up and walked toward the door, stopping briefly in the kitchen to wipe her face with a towel. When she reached the door, she turned back and saw me, still stunned and on the edge of an orgasm, with my legs spread wide and my bare, soaking pussy on display.

"Better cover up!" She whispered to me.

Startled to action, I stood up and smoothed out my skirt. I looked for my underwear, but it was nowhere to be seen. Shit! Holly opened to the front door and Mike walked in. I recognized him immediately -- he was the guy who had told me they couldn't let the chair come all the way down because they thought it might be leaking something, then asked if I had really squirted like my chairlift buddy claimed. I, of course, had taken that as a challenge, and had voluntarily demonstrated my aquatic feat for the gathering crowd.

Holly gestured for Mike to come in and introduced us.

"Sarah, this is Mike," she said.

"Well, hello-o-o-o-o-o, Sarah!" Mike said "You know, I think something's different about you from the last time I saw you. Did you get a haircut? New eye shadow?"

"Hilarious, Mike," I answered. "So, you're the perv who refused to send my swimsuit back to me so I had to ride over naked, then gathered up all the videos of me so he could post them on the internet."

I stared daggers at him. His smile withered slightly.

"Listen, I don't know how much blame you want to be throwing around for what happened," Mike said, his tone lower than before. "Yeah, I kept your suit, figuring we'd see you a few minutes later covering up as you dashed from bush to bush. Nobody forced you to take off your top and ride the chairlift while some guy fingerbanged you all the way in."

It was my turn to wither. He continued, "And yes, I did gather up those videos, and edit them expertly before posting them. And frankly, you should be thanking me for that."

"Thanking you?!" I was incredulous.

"Absolutely! Without me, there would have been 20 people posting their own videos all over the place. I bought all that footage off of everyone I could find so I could post it exclusively. Without me, I bet at least a dozen of them would have posted their own videos of your juicy cunt splashing the front row of the crowd. Those would be EVERYWHERE by now. As it is, my video's the only game in town, and we've got an offer for a pretty penny for it. Not only that, but Holly tells me you're hoping to lock this up behind a paywall -- you think our sponsor would bother trying to do that if there were 20 different versions of it out there? Not a chance. So yes, I'd say I did you a fav-."

He stopped suddenly, looking to my right at something behind me.

"Did I interrupt something?" He asked.

I turned, and saw that he was staring at my panties, dangling from a lamp next to the couch. He turned back to me grinning widely, as I felt a flush cross my face. Holly walked to the lamp and plucked the underwear from the lamp. I thought she meant to return them so I could excuse myself and put them back on, but instead she tucked my panties into her back pocket. This made me suddenly very aware that I was in a fairly short skirt, pantiless, and wet both from my own juices and from Holly's tongue. With that realization ... it felt a bit drafty in here.

As she returned to my side, she said "that's none of your business, Mike. Now, can we all please calm down and sit so we can discuss our situation?"

I sat on the couch, keeping my thighs tightly squeezed together. Holly sat next to me, and Mike took the chair across the coffee table from us. As soon as we were settled, Holly put her hand back on my bare thigh and I felt that electric tingle begin anew. After such a near miss with an orgasm my whole body felt on-edge.

"So, we have a choice to make," Holly continued. "There is a video we are all ... involved in ... starting to make its way across the free, open-to-everyone porn sites. Sarah and I would rather not have our friends and family come across that video."

Mike snickered, "Oh I'm sure plenty of people have *cum across* that video!"

"Shut up, Mike," Holly said. "Normally, in these situations, we'd be shit-out-of-luck, but we actually have an opportunity to get this off the free sites, but only if we all agree to make more video for this porn site ... what's the name of it, Mike?"

"Real Sluts in Public" he answered.

Holly grimaced. "OK, so we can either enter into a contract to make a total of 5 videos for Real Sluts In Public to use exclusively on their site for paying members, or we can take our chances on who will see the video on the free sites."

"You forgot the money," Mike said. "They're going to pay us for the videos."

"How much?" I asked. I realized again that I was now discussing terms to begin my porn career and slumped back, raising my hand to my face and squeezing my temples.

Holly seemed to understand how conflicted I was and squeezed my thigh. It tickled a bit and made me squirm, parting my legs slightly for just a moment as I squeaked. Mike's eyes were immediately glued to my hem. I don't think he'd seen anything, though. Holly hand now rested higher on my leg, now just below my skirt.

"$5000 dollars," Mike answered, finally.

"That's it?" I asked. "Split 3 ways that's only like a month of rent."

"Each," Mike continued. "Per video. Plus expenses for filming the other 4."

"That's $25,000 dollars!" Holly exclaimed. "I could pay off my car and not be halfway through my cut!"

I looked at Holly to see her grinning uncontrollably back at me. She continued to squeeze my thigh, now rubbing little circles into the muscle. I tried to focus on the discussion, but the massage I was getting was starting to distract me. And was the hem of my skirt moving upward a bit from her movements?"

"What else is in the contract, Mike?" I asked, tearing my attention from the hand on my leg and its proximity to my still wet and ready pussy.

"Not much else," He answered. "We get paid on delivery of all 5 videos, so nothing right away, but they'll start going after the other videos as soon as we sign the contracts."

"Ok, I guess that makes sense," Holly said, now gently tracing my inner thigh with her fingertips. The slight tickle of her touch was so distracting, but I wouldn't have considered telling her to stop -- not in the state I was in. "What about the videos -- anything more about what they have to be like?"

"Similar to the first one," Mike replied. "I take care of the filming and editing. They like the cell phone footage style -- they said that's more realistic, doesn't look as staged. We're going for, 'look what I happened to see this chick doing in public,' rather than, 'look what this porn actress is doing in a staged environment.' We have to be careful about kids, of course -- nobody under 18 in the video watching or, uh, participating."

"And what about us, Mike?" I asked. "What do we have to do in the videos."

Mike seemed to blush a little, and said, "Well, it has to be in public again, with people around to see. You need to get totally naked in each video, Sarah. Holly -- you need to at least show your tits in two videos and get naked in the other two."

I thought Holly might object to this, given that she hadn't shown any of her naked body in the first video, but she didn't flinch. Holly's fingertips were fully up under my skirt by now, still brushing lightly across my inner thigh. I had, without realizing it, parted my legs slightly to give her room. I don't think Mike could see all the way up to my pussy, but probably pretty close. His eyes were glued to my thighs as Holly continued her suggestive stroking. My breathing was getting heavier, and barely heard a word Mike said. That is, until he shared the final condition.

"Sarah, you have to squirt in every video, and in at least one video, someone other than Holly or me has to make you cum."

"What?!" I gasped. "So, like, I have to let someone I don't even know touch me and get me off in pub ..."

I trailed off as I realized they were both staring at me. Then it dawned on me, "Sorry -- that seemed like a way more shocking thing until I remembered why we're all here."

We all chuckled a bit. I went on, "Wait, someone other than Holly or you for one video -- does that mean that you and Holly are supposed to get me off in the other ones?"

"Yes, that's allowed" Mike nodded. "They want Holly in all of them with you, but said I can be in one, if we wanted, if we could still get good video. Oh, and you have to squirt in every video, just like on the chairlift. They were clear about that part -- that's a big selling point on these videos, I guess."

"Fuck," I said. "Look, I know what you both saw, but honestly ... I usually don't do that when I, you know, 'get there'."

I felt simultaneously bashful about talking about my orgasms, and ridiculous for feeling bashful, given that I'd willingly shown them and the rest of a crowd my orgasm, and that Holly had even ... participated. Shit, there's that bashfulness again. Right then, Holly's fingers made a subtle but important shift from gently tracing my upper thighs and were now on the outer edge of my pubic mound. Mike slouched in his chair a bit, obviously trying to get a better view. I didn't try to close my legs or shift my hips to block him.

"Well, I got you there once," Holly said. "I think I could make you squirt again." She looked me in the eyes, our nosed just a few inches apart, and traced a slow spiral in toward my pussy. I sucked in air, my chest heaving, and felt a flush across my chest and face. I was getting wetter again.

"What about Mike?" I panted. "Does he HAVE to make me cum?"

"No," Mike answered, still watching the hem of my skirt as it got higher and higher. "But they did say you need to cum for a man in two of the remaining videos."

"And what if that guy can't make me cum?" I asked, beyond feeling bashful. I just wanted the teasing to stop and for Holly to finish me right then, but she stubbornly avoided touching any closer than the outer-most edges of my outer lips. My skirt was bunched near my waist, and I was sure Mike could see me. I didn't care. In fact, looking across and seeing his bulge only turned me on more.

"Does that still count as one of our four videos if she doesn't squirt?" Holly asked, after my question was left hanging in the air while we all focused intensely on my pussy.

Mike shook his head a bit, and answered, "No, we wouldn't be able to use that one, then -- we'd have to shoot another with Sarah squirting."

Holly looked back at me and said, "Maybe you should let it be Mike, then. I could teach him how to do it. He might need some practice, though."

Just then, her fingers finally reached my inner lips and began to circle around, gathering some of the lubrication I'd made before rubbing at my clit.

"Yes," I moaned, once again spreading my legs for her. Mike had an unobstructed view now, and even got out of his chair and kneeled in front of me to get a better look. Holly continued to rub my clit, as I tried to finish my thought.

"You're right ... Mike should ... learn ... and he needs to practice ... so we don't have to do it extra times." I was barely able to string a sentence together. God, how was Holly so good at this?!

"So, you're in, then?" Holly asked. "You'll sign the contract and make the videos?"

"Yeah ... yeah ..." I panted. "I'll do it. I'll do it."

Abruptly, devastatingly, Holly stopped touching me entirely, leaving me once more on the edge of orgasm with my legs spread and pussy dripping. She stood up and walked toward the kitchen. Mike, still kneeling in front of me, had his hand in his pocket and was moving it slightly -- evidently trying to be sneaking about jerking of. I sat in shock, my hips bucking slightly every few seconds: a reflex seeking the fulfillment I needed so badly. I was just about to reach down and rub my clit myself with Mike inches away when Holly walked back into the room, holding a paper and pen.

"Here you go," she said, setting the paper down on the coffee table.

"Right now?!" I asked, incredulous.

"Best to do it now, before you lose your nerve. Go ahead and sign it. I'll snap a picture of the signed contract to send back to the company, and then I'll finish you off."

Honestly, in that moment, I probably would have done just about anything for her to finish me off. I was vaguely aware that Holly was holding my orgasm hostage to get me to sign this paper, which seemed off, but I was too horny to care. I picked up the pen and signed and dated the contract. Holly picked it up, read it for a moment, then said, "Sharon Egret, huh? Not Sarah?"

I had forgotten I'd given a fake name earlier. I still wasn't sure why I'd done it -- I guess I just figured it would be harder to trace anything back to me personally if nobody knew my real name.

"Sorry, I ..." I stammered. "I didn't want anyone to know my real name. I figured it was safer."

"That's OK, Sharon," Holly answered, putting extra emphasis on my name. "Better to have your real name on the contract anyway -- you won't be able to cash a check made out to someone else."

She got her phone and took pictures of the contract. Instead of leaving it on the table though, she held the paper up between herself and me and took the photo. I thought this was odd, but honestly, I was mostly still just thinking about how much I needed to cum RIGHT NOW. Mike was still staring at my wide-open cunt, and I couldn't resist any more. I brought my feet up to the couch, spreading my knees wide, and moved my finger down to my clit as Holly continued taking pictures of the contract that she held. I felt an explosion of sensation as soon as I mad contact with my clit -- I was so sensitive!

Mike rubbed his cock faster and faster through his shorts, no longer making any effort to hide what he was doing. He began breathing hard and continued staring into my swollen, juicy cunt from mere inches away. Moments later, he grunted, exhaled hard, and rocked back and forth. Seeing him shooting into his shorts sent me over the edge and I came, too. My legs tensed and my toes curled. I leaned back in the couch and my hips bucked, humping at the air. I strong wave washed over me, but I was still left feeling a little disappointed. It was a decent orgasm, but not huge. More importantly, though, I hadn't squirted.

"Oh, you ruined it," Holly said, finally lowering the paper and her phone. "You were supposed to wait for me. I told you that I could make you squirt, Sharon." She set her phone down and the contract on the table and moved toward me.

"Move over, buddy," she said, nudging Mike with her knee.

Mike scooted over, still kneeling on the floor, to make room for Holly in front of me.

"S ... sorry," I stuttered. I was disappointed in myself for my lack of self control, and a little rattled at the thought of doing everything for one of these videos and not being able to use the footage because I couldn't squirt. I must have shown my nerves, because Holly started to comfort me. "I was just so horny, but then I came and it wasn't very good and I didn't even squirt a little. I don't know about this ... I don't think I can do this anymore-"

"Don't worry, sweet Sharon." Holly interrupted, reaching up to touch my cheek with the back of her fingers. The way she said my name (my real name) still felt strange. She was being very tender, but maybe she was also mad that I lied about my name. "Let's try again, and this time you let me take care of you."

Holly's hand slid from my face, down my neck and across my breast, giving a slight squeeze through my shirt before trailing down across my tummy and to my naked thigh. She kept eye contact with me the whole time, then asked, "Ok?"

I nodded, and she leaned in and began kissing a circle around my vulva. Everything was so sensitive after my orgasm that I jumped at several of her kisses, which had turned ticklish, especially near the creases where my thighs met my pelvis. After a few little jumps, Holly wrapped her arms around my thighs and held me tightly. Her gentle kisses still tickled, but I could no longer move away from them. Instead, I was left to squeak and squeal and giggle for several more revolutions.

Then, without warning, Holly pushed her face squarely against my pussy and stuck her tongue inside of me, licking circles around my vagina. Instantly, my squeaks turned to moans. All those little tickles had left me hypersensitive and laser-focused on the sensation between my legs. She continued though several more circles, her tongue darting in and out as she licked all around my cunt. My breathe quickened, and I felt sweat breaking out all over my body.

Between dives into me, Holly managed to get out, "Sharon ... you said ... you wanted ... to show off ... your body. Why don't you ... get naked ... and show yourself ... to Mike?"

I wasn't Mike's biggest fan, and figured he was getting a pretty good show already, so I was about to decline, but then Holly stopped what she was doing. My attention snapped to her immediately. She looked up at me, her face wet with my juices, and said, "Get naked, Sharon."

Her tone was assertive -- a tone I might call a "teacher voice" in another setting. Silently refusing to go on, she stared up at me and waited for my compliance. I was not about to say no to her.

"Ok," I answered, and stood up. I lifted my t-shirt over my head. I hesitated for only a moment before reaching behind to take off my bra.

"Stop," Holly interjected. I froze. "Mike, help Sharon with her bra, please."

Mike wordlessly reached behind me, and I felt his hands on my back. This brought him face-to-face with me, and we made eye contact. His pupils were as wide as I'd ever seen a person's pupils get -- almost owl-like. After a few moments with the strap, I felt the bra go slack. Mike pulled his arms from behind my back, bringing the straps with them, and I felt the fabric fall away from my skin as the air-conditioned air of the apartment hit my breasts, giving me a slight shiver. Mike's face was still at my level, but his eyes were now staring at my breasts. I joined his gaze and watched as my nipples hardened from the chill (among other things). Finally, I sat back down on the couch.

"I think she's cold," Holly said. "Are your hands warm, Mike?"

Mike quickly felt one hand with the other and replied, "I think so."

"Then you should warm her up," Holly answered.

Mike reached out toward my breasts, the bra falling to the floor, and squeezed them. I winced and pulled back.

"Your hands are ice cold!" I exclaimed. I hadn't noticed when they touched my back, but on my bare breasts -yikes!

"Sorry," Mike said, pulling back. "They felt warm enough to me."

"She looks even colder now," Holly continued. "Is your mouth warm, Mike?"

Mike grinned widely, looking back and forth between Holly's face and my bare chest, never making eye contact with me. Without another word, he leaned in and took my nipple into his mouth, sucking eagerly. More shocks went through me, but this time they were very pleasant. I reached out to his head and pulled him in tightly, making sure he couldn't pull away.

"That's better," Holly said, then she leaned back in and licked up and down my slit a few times before placing her mouth squarely on my clitoris. Sucking gently, she pulled my clit between her lips, then began licking it with lightning-quick little laps. I felt another orgasm building quickly and began moaning with increasing volume.

Mike switched to my other breast, kissing and sucking eagerly, and reached across with his other hand to massage my first breast. This time, I didn't pull away from his cold hand. The shock of the new sensation just added to the sensual symphony being played across my body. My moans grew raspier with each breathe.

Holly stopped suddenly and asked, "will you come for me now, Sharon?"

"Yes," I answered immediately. "I'll come for you!"

Returning to my clit, Holly licked enthusiastically once again. The pleasure grew and grew. Without stopping her work, I felt Holly reach up and take Mike's hand away from my breast and guide it to my pussy. Reaching under Holly's chin, Mike (under her guidance) put a finger inside of me. Holly guided his hand, angling it so the finger rubbed against the roof of my vagina, then continued to grasp his hand, controlling how he pumped in and out as she sucked and licked at my clit. After he got the idea, she let go of his hand and reached up to pinch one of my nipples.

The final stimulation sent me hurtling over the edge. I held off as long as I could, squeezing every muscle in my body, and repeating, "I'm gonna come for you! I'm gonna come for you!"

Finally, my will gave way and the climax took me. My whole body convulsed. I felt my pussy squirt out, hitting Mike's hand and Holly's chest. Mike paused, but Holly grabbed his hand and kept pumping it in and out. She held up her own hand in front of his face, showing him two fingers curved upward and making a "come hither" motion. I felt him add another finger, stretching my pussy lips slightly, then felt the pressure change as he began to move his hand as instructed.

Immediately, the sensation in my body grew, and I felt what I had on that chairlift. The line between one long, continuous orgasm and a series of short ones blurred. I came and came, my breathe ragged and uncontrolled. I writhed on the couch, squirting the two of them, along with the couch, the floor, the coffee table -- everywhere! Holly wrapped her arms tighter around my thighs to hold me still and continued to attack my clit while Mike did the same to my vagina. I was sure I was going to die, or explode, or SOMETHING, because I knew I couldn't endure this. It felt SO GOOD, but it was just too much sensation to take any more. I heard a woman screaming for a few seconds before I realized it was me and clamped my hand over my mouth. Finally, the room went dark.

In the darkness, I heard Mike exclaim, "Holy shit! Did you see that?"

I opened my eyes and found that my head had slumped forward onto my chest. I saw Mike and Holly looking up at me. I lifted my head and inhaled sharply.

"Jesus Fuck!" I yelled. "That was ... oh God ... it was ... oh, fuck!"

"Whoa," Mike said, still in awe. He looked down at my pussy again, then reached out and lightly traced the inside of my thigh. The moment he touched my leg, my abdominal muscles convulsed. His finger reached my clit and just barely made contact before another small shiver of orgasm ran through me.

"Oh God, yes!" I called out. "Fuck!"

"Whoa," Mike repeated, now staring at and playing with my pussy lips, spreading them apart. I joined him in his staring -- could that really have been MY pussy that just did all THAT? When I scanned the room, I could see the full extent of the mess I'd made. There was barely a dry surface in the living room, and I was pretty sure the couch was ruined.

Holly, silent until now, said, "I told you I could make you squirt again." She smirked at me. "Now, we need to figure out our next video. But first, follow me, Sharon."

"Where are we going?" I asked as I stood up, following Holly and wearing nothing but a skirt that had bunched up around my waist.

"To the bedroom," she answered. "It's time you started paying off that debt you owe me. Oh, and Mike?"

"Yeah?" he asked, hopefully.

"Grab some towels from the bottom drawer and start cleaning up, OK? We'll be out in a little while."
