New York, no kids, three nights and a room on the 25th floor of the Doubletree overlooking Times Square. Everything was set for a perfect get away from it all break.
It was just a short 2 hour flight from our home town and barely an hour after landing we were gazing down on the madness below, as yellow cabs fought with an endless tide of tourists trying to get a picture in one of the most must do locations in the city. It was early evening and the light had begun to fade making the huge electronic displays become even more impressive in the few minutes we had been looking down.
Veronica stood beside me pointing out various buildings that we had only ever seen in the movies, a giant Pepsi display flashed its message in competition with Sony, LG, Panasonic and virtually any other multinational company you care to name. Even Mary Poppins was represented by what must have been the biggest poster ever made hanging off the side of one building.
In the middle of excitedly listing everything she could see, Veronica's voice slowly trailed off causing me to look toward her to see what had stopped her enthusiastic chatter. Something had caught her attention in the hotel opposite, following her line of sight I soon discovered the object of her attention. Directly opposite, but two or three floors lower, there was one room illuminated in the descending darkness, as we stared one or two other rooms were switching on lights and closing blinds or curtains, but the room we were watching had no such inhibitions.
Neither of us spoke as we watched a slim blonde, naked apart from a pair of stiletto shoes, slowly climb onto the end of a giant bed and make her way on all fours to reach a naked guy who was very obviously about enjoy the attention of her lips! I looked at Veronica and saw her lick her own lips as if to moisten them ready for the task ahead. I turned back just in time to see the blonde lower her head at precisely the same moment the naked guy waved in our direction and turned off the light.
'Wow, welcome to New York!' I exclaimed, before adding; 'But what a coward, she obviously didn't care if anybody was watching, so why should he?' As I said it, unnoticed by veronica, I managed to adjust my position to allow my cock room to move in my pants.
'Because we were watching, obviously. So they should turn the light off!' Veronica snapped, 'She's probably a local prostitute that he's picked up. Pervert! And no normal woman would have sex in a hotel knowing that anybody could see what was going on.'
Wanting to disagree, but realising she was genuinely offended at the thought of doing such a thing, I quickly agreed and changed the subject so as not to ruin the mood of our first night. Mentioning the subject no more, I suggested a drink would be good and peered into the mini bar to find the obligatory half bottle of bubbly - the quickest way to relax Veronica has always been to ply her with bubbles.
As she unpacked, I showered before dressing casually for the warm summer evening ahead and lay back on the bed to wait for Veronica. Although it hadn't been a long flight, it had been a long day, and I soon drifted off to the sound of the air conditioning fan and the shower. I was awoken by the sound of the curtains being parted slightly and opened one eye to take in the sight of Veronica's rear as she leant forward to look down at the street and glance across the way. 'Well at least they've left the curtains closed, I can't even make out which window is theirs now.' I noticed she had helped herself to another glass of the bubbly.
Without answering, I stayed on the bed and raised an eyebrow in appreciation of an extremely sexy set of underwear she had on; tiny short French knickers, an even tinier bra and she was already wearing my favourite very high heeled shoes. She looked stunning, and when she caught my gaze, it was obvious from the look on her face that she knew just how good she looked! I watched as she walked across the room to the dresser and begin to go through her selection of clothing, I was impressed that each item she held up to inspect in the mirror was incredibly sexy and surprisingly risqué. Seeing the look on my face she laughed;
'I'm not a total prude you know, I might not agree with sucking someone off in full view of the world, but I did come to New York for a little fun!'
Having selected a virtually sheer black blouse she placed it on the bed with a plain skirt in the same colour. I could imagine how classy she was going to look, but first had to wait as she sat down to do her hair. It was only then that I realised the curtains had remained open. What to do? Should I remind her that we were overlooked? Did she know, and was sitting at the mirror knowing she was probably being watched by some unseen stranger? I decided to do the gentlemanly thing and pointed out how exposed she was - the bubbly was relaxing her nicely, and I didn't want it ruined by starting an argument about the curtains!
To my surprise, she told me she wasn't going to open and close the curtains every time she wanted to look out, and even added that if some pervert got off by watching a woman doing her hair then it was his problem, not hers. A strange answer considering her obvious objection to events earlier in the evening, but who was I to argue? I remained on the bed watching her and was sure she was exaggerating her arm movements to thrust her breast as high as possible towards the mirror. No, surely not, I decided it was a mixture of my overactive imagination and too many whiskies from the mini bar. I soon drifted off again to the hum of the drier.
What seemed like an age later, but in all probability less than ten minutes, I felt a warm kiss on my neck and opened my eyes to see Veronica standing next to me looking stunning and ready to hit the town. At that moment I could have happily grabbed her and stayed in for the night, but she definitely had other ideas.
We rode down in the elevator with another couple, they were probably about our age, but he was not as lucky as me when it came to his partner for the evening. Where his wife was very plainly dressed with sensible flat shoes for an evening of sightseeing, Veronica was very obviously a different kind of creature. The high shoes elevated her almost three inches above her natural height, the pencil skirt clung tightly to her hips and the blouse was indeed sheer enough to allow a great view of the tiny bra and the flesh it was fighting to contain. As I stood openly drinking in the view before me, she was also being checked out in a far more discrete manner by our two temporary companions. The wife had a look bordering on contempt, the husband one bordering on outright lust.
We spent the evening in a restaurant being served by the campest waiter I have ever encountered, at first I was a little disappointed he was so very obviously gay, a straight waiter and Veronicas blouse usually ensures that we receive the most attentive service ever! As it turned out, and totally unexpectedly, his very obvious lack of interest in her breasts resulted in her completely forgetting her usual concern about appearing too slutty (her words); she loves to dress sexily but is always concerned she might go too far. However, on this occasion, knowing she wasn't going to get stared at every time her wine glass was helpfully refilled, she allowed herself to enjoy the evening without any inhibitions at all.
By the time the waiter had drained the last of a second bottle of wine into my glass, Veronica was completely at ease. She had kicked off her shoes before dessert, and despite my protestations, began playing around with my balls with her toes. By the time coffee was placed on the table, I had reluctantly released my cock from the confines of my pants after being virtually ordered to do so by an uncharacteristically aggressive Veronica. Luckily my back was to the room and our quiet corner of the restaurant allowed me to enjoy the sensation of painted toenails stroking the length of my raging erection.
Each time the waiter returned, Veronica gave a little cough to let me know he was on his way and I covered up before he appeared at my side. Part of me was telling me to stop acting like a teenager on heat, and part of me was telling me to join in the fun and just enjoy having Veronica in such a horny and dangerous mood.
Just as I began to moan under my breath at the sensation of her toes stroking the head of my cock, I caught sight of a devilish look in Veronica's eye. Unfortunately, it took me just a fraction of a second too long to decipher what was going through her mind! Suddenly, completely without warning, the waiter appeared at my side. Veronica simply left her bare foot on full view scarcely even trying to cover my embarrassment! Far from being offended, or even slightly shocked, he simply smiled and raised an eyebrow. Veronica giggled, and realising he was cool with the situation, shocked me more than ever before by once again beginning to slide her toes up and down. I almost sank under the table in my attempt to cover myself.
Veronica looked completely innocent and casually chatted to the waiter as she tapped her PIN number into the card machine. Before I could protest, she even made a reservation for the following evening, and the delighted looking waiter promised he had a table that would be perfect for us to fully enjoy our meal in a little more privacy! He also said he would ensure he would be waiting on us!
After what seemed an age, he turned and left. Instantly, I pulled away from the table and did my best to conceal the bulge in my pants from other diners as we escaped into the street. We hurried back to the hotel with Veronica clearly enjoying the appreciative stares from several Guys on the way.
It was only a short walk, and we were soon back in the elevator as Veronica pressed the button for the 45th floor. I looked at her quizzically, but she simply ignored me and ran her fingers over my now much reduced bulge;
'Just do as you're told!' she ordered before sliding the zipper down and falling to her knees. The elevator hadn't even reached the 5th floor before she had released my semi erect cock into her waiting mouth.
'Whoa', was all I could utter as I attempted to stop her, but she pushed me roughly against the mirrored wall and began running her tongue around the quickly hardening flesh.
I was stunned when she almost growled at me; 'Shut up and fuck my face. You liked watching that slut sucking cock earlier, so now you will learn just what a slut I can be, if that's the kind of woman you'd prefer!'
Not quite believing what I had just heard, I immediately began thrusting into her waiting mouth.
'That's it, move your hips, pump it into my mouth. Mmmpphh.' I watched in the mirror as this entirely new Veronica continued to act like a complete pro and took the length of my hardness into her throat.
Suddenly at the 35th floor, the elevator jolted to a halt and the doors instantly slid open. In the blink of an eye, Veronica was standing in front of me and leant back to cover my exposure from the two guys who had stepped in. To my great relief they pressed the button for the 37th floor and were stepping back out of the elevator just a few seconds later. Veronica turned to face me;
'If it's a guy next time the doors open, don't expect me to stop, I'll carry on and he'll know you've just picked me up for the hour'. She then dropped to her knees and once again engulfed me in her warm mouth.
The journey up to the 45th and back down to the 25th seemed to take an age, but luckily the late hour meant there were no other people wanting to use the elevator. Veronica almost seemed disappointed as she led me with a firm grip on my cock across the hallway into our room. I had never been so relieved in my life when the door closed behind us!
'Did you really think I didn't notice how hard you got watching the couple earlier? I saw you try to hide it, but it was obvious what you were thinking. You wanted to be that guy on the bed. You wanted to be the one with the whore didn't you?' Her voice shook as she spoke, she was clearly as aroused as me and having trouble controlling her breathing. She virtually ripped my shirt off and unbuckled my belt before falling to her knees in the darkened room. I looked at the window, there seemed to be a thousand rooms opposite, many of them as dark as ours and some with lights on but curtains closed, but at least as many with lights on and people moving around.
I stepped out of my pants as Veronica stood again and led me across the room. In her new dominant guise she ordered me on to the bed and left me there as she made her way to the window. She stared out into the night hidden by the darkness of our room, not looking down but scanning the building opposite for signs of activity.
'Oh, yes. There's another one. I can see her riding him now, they don't care who's looking at all' I started to rise from the bed to join her. 'Get back where you were!' she barked, 'You wanted a slut and for this weekend you have one, and I don't like my clients to answer back, just do as you're told and we'll get along fine.'
After ensuring the curtains were completely open, she turned and strode across the room to switch on the bedside lamps. The room was now lit in a soft yellow light allowing anybody in the opposite building to clearly see in, but not so brightly that the reflection of our own room stopped us from looking out.
I quickly rolled over to cover myself from view, but was immediately ordered to roll onto my back and instructed to grip the bed above my head.
'Now let me see those balls properly. Open your legs!' She was more aggressive than I had ever heard before and I obeyed immediately, even spreading my legs more when she instructed me to do so. In all this time Veronica hadn't moved at all, and for a moment I thought she was going to back down and switch off the lights. How wrong I was!
She was merely enjoying my embarrassment as my cock slowly grew, passing over my thigh and pulsing harder and harder until it was finally pointing directly toward my navel. I felt my face flush when my foreskin rolled back to expose the head.
I looked toward the window and was relieved to not see anybody looking back, I couldn't be sure about the darkened rooms, but at least there was nobody looking out of the illuminated ones.
Veronica was looking too as she unbuttoned her blouse. Was she really going to go through with this? The blouse fell to the floor quickly followed by the skirt. When she took a step toward the bed, my cock pulsed involuntarily and a small drop of pre cum landed on my belly.
'You like your woman as a slut don't you? I can see that you are going to become a regular client this weekend, I'll have to give you an email address to make a booking next time you're in town'
She was really into her character now (I don't think she would have had the nerve to go so far without a bit of role playing to give her courage). Like the woman we had watched earlier she kept her shoes on and climbed onto the foot of the bed. Really getting into the part, she raised her ass into the air and crept up the bed like an animal about to pounce on its victim. With a hand on each of my thighs she leant down and gently rolled her tongue across my freshly shaved balls. I looked straight down at her and had the view of her tits straining against the material of her bra. Her tongue flicked further and further up the length of my cock. Finally, she opened her mouth and I groaned aloud as my hardness met her soft tongue. I arched my back in an attempt to enter her throat – a move that met with her immediate approval.
'That's it let them see how good I am at taking cock into my mouth. I want them all to know that you have a real pro in your room!'
My God, was this really the same Veronica who had been appalled only hours earlier?
Despite my whimpering protest, she released my cock from her mouth and sat up between my legs, I looked at her pleadingly, not daring to speak. She arched her own back as she reached behind herself and released the clasp of her bra. Taking as long as possible, she slid the straps down her arms and sat perfectly upright to ensure any unseen voyeur had a great a view of her tits in profile. Once more leaning forward she crawled up the bed and began kissing my chest, moving further up to sit astride me and kiss my neck. When I attempted to stroke her neck and hips, she immediately sat up and ordered me to replace my hands above my head.
'I'm here to fuck you because you are my client, you don't get to touch unless I tell you that you can.' She stated coolly.
Only when I had replaced my hands above me did she continue, sliding back down the bed until she was once again sucking my cock, only this time she was really taking me deeper and moaning loudly each time her throat was filled. Usually, a couple of thrusts into her throat is enough for Veronica, but this time she was playing the part of an experienced pro.
I tried to warn her what was about to happen, but she was oblivious to my now very loud groans and gasps. The neighbouring rooms must have heard me shout in ecstasy as the first shot of cum released itself deeper than ever before into her throat. Without the slightest panic or gagging, she began milk me by swallowing hard each time a fresh gush of cum entered deep into her throat, not once attempting to raise her head. She remained motionless, clearly concentrating on taking every drop like the true pro she had become. When my final involuntary spasm pushed the last of the warm liquid into her, she calmly lifted her head and stared into my eyes.
The woman staring at me was someone I had never seen before, in her eyes was a look of utter dominance, complete satisfaction at a job well done, and not even a dribble of the cum she had taken so professionally. If I thought that was the end of the game, I was wrong.
Stepping from the bed, Veronica made her way to the mini bar and drank the last of the bubbly from the bottle I had opened earlier. She then placed her hands on her hips and hooked a thumb on either side of the waistband to slide her tiny panties down to the floor – she did this facing directly at the window and stood back up to stare back at her imaginary audience.
The question was; was the audience imaginary or real? She soon got the answer she had been hoping for. Presumably taking the blatant removal of her panties as a signal, a light came on in a room one floor above ours to reveal a guy on his own standing naked at his window.
'Good boy, I hoped you would do that' she whispered almost to herself.
I couldn't believe what I was watching. Veronica simply remained in front of the window and smiled up at her admirer. He in turn smiled back and lowered his hand down to stroke himself openly.
'You must have read my mind!' she whispered again, and turned back to me.
Still ensuring she was showing her body off as much as possible, Veronica returned to the foot of the bed and once again crawled towards me. Kissing and biting each leg as she slowly made her way higher, it was obvious that she was keeping her ass raised high and making sure her tits were as visible as possible as, inch by inch, she made her way back to my cock. I looked down at her and wondered what had happened to my adventurous but usually more cautious wife. She again took my cock into her mouth and I was amazed to feel a pulse of blood as it began to grow so soon after the longest cum I had ever experienced. Feeling me starting to grow in her mouth, Veronica moaned with satisfaction before releasing me to make her way further up the bed.
'You might be the client, but it's not all about you mister, I want some tongue'.
Very soon I was looking up at her neatly trimmed cunt as she lowered her moist lips onto my mouth. She was soaking, she really was enjoying her role!  
Almost immediately, she let out a loud groan as my tongue slid smoothly over her clit. Throwing herself back with her palms down on the bed either side of me, it was now Veronicas turn to arch her back. I struggled to reach into her wetness as she thrust her tits into the air. The sight from across the way must have been incredible, lit by the soft bedside lamps Veronica looked stunning, her visibly erect nipples were pointing at the ceiling as she rode up and down my tongue. It was all I could do to maintain my position as she controlled the pace of her bouncing up and down against my face.
'Oh God, he's wanking for me!' she gasped and, although I couldn't see her face, she was obviously watching her friend as he put on his own show for her.
Without warning, she suddenly sprang away from me gasping for breath, and positioned herself to slide straight on to my now straining cock. With her hands against my chest, she began to buck and bounce like a woman possessed. The bed hit the wall in a steady yet frantic rhythm.
'Fuck me harder!' she screamed and I struggled to match her pace. Even in her passion, she hadn't forgotten her new friend. She sat up and put her hands behind her head to allow a clear view of her bouncing breasts. I clung to the headboard to maintain my thrusts and Veronica was lost in her passion.
'Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! Oh my God! Yeeeeees!!!!' she screamed as the bed banged against the wall.
When another light came on opposite, I watched as a couple entered a room, in no time at all both were standing at their window watching the show. Veronica was beyond caring until finally........
'Yeeeeessss! Yeeesss, Yeeesss! We're com........ing!!!!'. She came at the very instant the first shot of fresh cum exploded from my cock deep inside her, but as I looked up, I realised she wasn't talking about me coming with her! The guy opposite was leaning against his window with one hand as he pumped furiously with the other gripping his swollen cock, it was obvious he was coming too by the agonised look on his face and his silent scream. By now she was panting heavily and despite the air conditioning was covered in glistening sweat.
At last, her frantic thrust subsided as she ground herself against me until she finally fell forward against my chest. With my cock still deep inside her, she continued to gently raise herself up and down its length until at last she slowed to a halt, after a few final shudders she lay silent.
With her head on my chest facing the window, I reached to the side of the bed and turned off the lights. Now safely hidden in the darkness, the view out was much clearer and Veronica began counting.
'Oh shit. There's a couple looking as well as the first guy! And I'm sure there's somebody up above him. Hey, look he's wiping his window! I am so sorry darling, I have been so naughty!'
'Good God that's got to be the understatement of the century!' I replied. 'And I'm just a bit worried about going back to that restaurant tomorrow too! Perhaps we should cancel'
'I told you I was your whore for the weekend, and I've got two more days to prove it, so don't even think about it!' came her instant reply. 'Besides, I've got an idea for tomorrow!' Already, I could hear Veronica, prostitute for a weekend, returning.