Birth of an Exhibitionist
by Nothing Nothing

Part 1

Amy had always wondered what it was like to streak. Of all her dirty fantasies, it was by far the biggest. She couldn’t begin to count how many nights she had sat up in bed late, debating back and forth like a game of tennis in her head if this was the night. Of course, the rational part of her brain always won. ‘No, of course, it’s not worth it. It’s risky. I could get caught!’ she would think to herself — but it didn’t stop her from fantasizing about it. It was only when she turned 18 that she was brave enough to try anything. She would wait until her parents were asleep and stand in the middle of the room, undressed, with her long dirty blond hair tied back into a ponytail. At first, the idea of being naked scared her, even if she stood in her room. She worried about what would happen if one of her parents were to suddenly walk in unexpectedly. How would she explain it? It never happened, but the idea alone sent chills up her spine, yet simultaneously, brought with it the thrill of being caught.

Amy started small, standing in just her underwear, and opening her bedroom door. She chose a thong to make it feel more revealing. The hallway from her bedroom was dimly lit, with only moonlight cascading across the carpet. With her parent's room being down the hall just after the bathroom, she crept to the far end, then waited by the window, her heart pounding as she listened for any movement, then would quietly get back to her room. The next night, she slipped off her bra, and made the same trek, covering her breasts with her hands. Each night she got more and more daring until the night came for her to streak across the hall completely naked. Even after working her way up to the idea, it felt insane. Her heart was pounding like a jackhammer. In the rush of emotions, she had an idea — a daring idea. Fully dressed, Amy quietly opened her door and peered out into the hall. Of course, it was empty, but she always expected someone to be standing outside.

She moved across the hall and stood in front of her parent's door. She could feel her heart pounding in her ears. Amy peeled her shirt off and dropped it beside her. She tried holding in her breath to not make as much noise. Slowly, she pulled down her running shorts and stepped out of her leg holes. Then, she reached around back, and unhooked her bra, letting it fall as well. Amy put a hand to her heart. She was blushing, her body heating up. Amy quickly hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties, and yanked them down, kicking them away.

She was never a fan of her body. She always thought her breasts were too small, or her butt not big enough. Amy wasn’t sure what she wanted it to be, but it didn’t matter at that moment. She was standing butt naked in front of her parent's door. Her most intimate area was on full display, a patch of trimmed pubic hair covered her pink lips. Her legs were trembling, her arms shaking. She felt like she was going to pass out from a heart attack. The sensation of being caught, being seen completely nude, her parents seeing her in such an exposed state. Her hand slowly glided down between her legs. Strands of juice clung to her fingers as she pulled them back.

Amy gulped, brought two fingers to her entrance, and slowly rubbed circles around it. She held her breath as a soft moan escaped her lips. Her other hand moved up, and groped her breasts, squeezing them gently as her body tensed up. It felt so good. She didn’t want the feeling to end. Her fingers slipped in, and her mouth gaped open. “Oh, shit~” she mouthed. It was heaven, standing here nude. She could feel the air against her cold skin, her body shaking in anticipation. Amy didn’t know how long she’d be able to hold back the wave of relief, but she sure tried. The slicking between her legs was getting louder the faster she fingered herself. She had to force herself to slow down, but that only made her more desperate.
What if they opened the door right now? What if they saw her like this? What would she do? How would she explain herself? Sweat ran down her forehead, rolling across her skin, around her breasts, down her armpits, and between her legs. She was heating up. Amy slipped a third finger in, and that was it. Her knees buckled, and she reached out, slamming her hand into the door frame as she orgasmed. Spurts of juice ran down her legs, despite her efforts to cup her vagina to keep the mess at a minimum. She slapped her hand over her mouth to hold in her moans, shutting her eyes as the wave of pleasure rode up her body like a shot of adrenaline. Her head pounded, she could barely stand.

The bed on the other side of the door shifted. Amy’s senses snapped back into action, and she scooped up her clothes, making a quiet run back to her room before closing her door just enough to leave a gap so no noise would be made. She tossed her clothes into the hamper hanging from her closet door and quickly dove back into bed. Her parent's door opened down the hall, followed by footsteps. She stared at her door intensely, barely able to break her line of sight with it. The footsteps grew closer, a bright light beamed through the gap in her door — then the bathroom door shut, and the light vanished. Amy sighed in relief, leaning her head back against her pillow. Under the covers, she was still tracing circles around her wet lips, swirling her juices as she slowly calmed down. It was invigorating, an absolute rush. She wanted to do it again. She wanted to feel the pressure, the sense of fear, the thrill of being completely naked. Amy had an unbreakable smile, one that followed her as she drifted off to sleep that night, unaware of the dark stain she had left on the carpet outside her parent’s bedroom door.


Part 2 

“Your joking?” Lilly glared back at her friend.

"Y- Yeah, I finally did it.” Amy blushed. The two sat across from one another in the locker room. Steam permeated the air as the echo chamber bounced a clatter of voices, and running water. Neither girl was dressed, rather wrapped up in their towels after a shower. Gym class had ended five minutes ago, and with the fifteen they were given to freshen up and rid themselves of sweat and body odor, the two made good time. 

Lilly’s demeanor shifted, and a smirk slowly pulled at her cheek. She brushed her ginger hair to the side, untying it so she could more freely mess with it. “Alright, you got me there, I didn’t think you’d have the guts to go that far.”

“Neither did I? My hearts still pounding just thinking about it.” Amy stood back up and finished drying herself off, rubbing the towel between her legs, and under her arms one final time before opening her locker. Her clothes had been neatly folded and tucked over her books for Math next period. “God, I really want to do it again.”

“Why don’t you then?” Lilly asked.

“It didn’t feel easy, I had to force myself to do it.”

“Then have someone else force you to do it,” she suggested. Lilly unwrapped her towel, giving her friend a good look at her completely shaved body. Not a trace of pubic hair was visible to cover her glistening lips. The mere conversation was getting her excited, and the idea that raced through her head only made her more eager with anticipation.

“What are you saying?”

“I’m saying get someone else to force you into that situation.” Lilly dressed, putting her thong back on with her matching bra, and white shirt. “For instance, let’s say I walked up behind you and grabbed you by the waist.” she reached for Amy’s hips, startling the girl as she felt her friend's fingers squeeze her. “Then, I drag you to the door —” she started pushing Amy towards the locker room door.

“No, no, no, no!” she quickly pushed Lilly away, “No, I can’t do it here!”

“Why not? I’m sure tons of boys out there would want to see that cute butt of yours, or those cute tiny tits.”

“Shut up.” Amy blushed, moving her arm to cover her chest. 

Lilly pursed her lips, and eyes her friend up and down. She wouldn't have to worry too much about people seeing her pussy, not with how much trimmed pubic hair she still had, and with another couple of minutes left before the bell rang…

Amy took another step back as she watched her friend's face contort mischievously. “L- Lilly?” 

Her friend whistled, grabbing the attention of some of the other girls. Then, raising her voice so that it could bounce around the locker room, “Anyone who helps me push Amy out into the hallway right now gets two dollars!”

The color flushed from Amy’s face. Her head jerked frantically around the room as several girls dropped what they were doing to walk over. Was this really happening? No way, it had to be a dream… right? Several pairs of hands grabbed at Amy. Each palm brought a new chill. Other girls were touching her when she was completely naked! One even groped her ass from behind as she was forced over to the door. “No! No, Lilly! Stop!” Amy reached for the door frame and clung to it like a spider, but with more girls joining in, and grabbing at her wrists, she was pried free and shoved out into the hallway. The door slammed shut behind her, locking with a distinct heavy click. Amy froze completely, her arms outstretched like she was balancing on a beam. She couldn’t move. The cool air of the hallway brushed against her bare skin. She was in her school hallway BUTT NAKED. Her face couldn’t get any redder. 

“Oh my god… Amy?” 

Her eyes widened. It was Tracy, another one of her friends, a very tall girl with freckles and a pair of glasses. She was crossing her face between embarrassment and amusement seeing her friend so exposed, her eyes dancing between her unshaved crotch and perky small boobs. 

“Are you naked?” she wheezed.

Amy’s arms slapped her body, squishing her breasts tightly as she spun and backed up against the wall. The cold bleach white stone pressed into her ass, and she shivered, panting as if she had just run a marathon.

“Yes… I — I need clothes!” without thinking she ran back to the locker room door, and yanked at the handle, “Guys! Open the door!”

“I think you should get going.” Tracy teased and delivered a hard, painful smack to Amy’s ass. Her cheeks rippled as the stinging radiated. It was like kicking a horse into gear, and she started sprinting down the hallway, much to her friend's amusement watching her ass bounce.

Amy squealed as she ran by her classmates, drawing their attention like she had their heads on a leash. They whistled, and laughed, and some even pulled out their phones to snap a quick picture of her butt. 

"Nice ass!"

"Dude, did you see her tits?"

"No? She barely has any."

"Can you believe her?"

Amy started desperately fidgeting with each lock in the hall until finally one of them worked. She slipped into the room and slammed the door shut. Her hand rested against it as she hunched over, trying to catch her breath. She couldn't believe Lilly had just done that! People just saw her completely naked! They saw her privates, her small perky breasts! She tried to cover them as best she could, but no doubt someone got a good look. Her face flushed as she groaned, then noticed the wetness between her legs. 

'No way am I turned on right now?!' She rubbed her palm against her wet lips and pulled it away. Strands of juice hung limp as she wiped her hand trying to shake some of it off. It was all sticky between her pubes too, 'great.' Her heart was racing, her body heating up like a boiler engine. 'That just happened… it really just happened.'

"Are you uh… you alright?"

Amy screamed, and spun around, crossing her arm over her flat chest, and sliding her hand down between her legs. 

It was a girl around the same age and height as Amy. If she remembered correctly, her name was Lucy. She had cut her hair shorter, one side completely shaved whilst the other left the hair hanging like curtains over her face. She was sitting cross-legged on a stack of wrestling mats, an old metal lunchbox that she had sensed she was ten was left open, and her meal half finished.

It was only now that Amy realized she was in the sports storage room. Racks of old tennis gear, baseballs, softballs, volleyball nets, mats for warmups, dumbbells, weights, and jump ropes, it was all here in the room that smelled like an old bookstore. 

"What are you doing here?" Amy asked.

"Uhh… eating lunch? What are you doing here?" She eyed the girl, a smile slowly crossing her face.

"I — I got kicked out of the girl's locker room. Please, I need some clothes!"

"I don't know, I kind of like seeing you like this." She teased.

"Come on, I'm not joking. I need clothes, classes are going to start soon!"

"I know, that's why I'm trying to finish my lunch. You won't even grant me a meal and a show?"

"The phrase is dinner and a show, and no! I will not!"

"A hot girl like you walks in here butt naked and I'm not supposed to ask?" Lucy scoffed, "I flash you, you flash me?"

"What? N- No, what are you talking abou-" Amy didn't have time to finish her sentence. Her jaw dropped as Lucy casually lifted her shirt, and pulled her black laced bra over her mounds. She gave Amy a good five seconds to stare before covering herself back up. 

"Your turn."

"I'm not flashing you!"

"I just flashed you, it's only fair."

"That was your decision. I didn't take you for being such a pervert."

"Okay, fine, fine, I’ll go find you some clothes… but…”

Amy’s heart sank. She let out a shaky breath, and sighed, “But what?”

“I want something from you.”

“No shit.” she rolled her eyes, “What?”

Lucy pulled her phone from her pocket, prompting Amy to immediately cover up again.

“No! No pictures!”

“Just a few, and a video.” Lucy grinned, “Or I can just leave you here, the choice is yours. But the boys for next period’s gym class are going to be getting in here soon for softball supplies sooooo — you better make a decision quickly.”

Amy pouted, shaking as she looked back at the door. “F- Fine. Just make it quick.”

“Yes!” Lucy fist bumped and opened the camera app. “Okay, arms to your sides.”

Amy grimaced, but dropped her arms, giving Lucy a full frontal exposure. She snapped dozens of pictures, walking around, and making Amy do awkward and humiliating poses. It felt never-ending, but the longer it went on, the more her body heated up. Finally, Lucy told Amy to spread her legs wide open. The naked girl hopped onto the stack of wrestling mats, and opened her legs, unknowingly giving Lucy a good look at just how wet she was.

"Are you getting turned on by this?" She teased.

"Just take the pictures so I can get this over with!" she blushed.

"Oh my god, you are!" She laughed, "You're naughtier than I thought."

Amy groaned, and let out another shaky breath.

"Spread those lips~" Lucy grinned.

Amy blushed, pouting as she looked away, and pulled her vagina lips apart, giving Lucy a good look at her special spot in all its leaking glory. She snapped a few pictures.

"You know, if you really want to get into exhibitionism, you're really going to want to shave."

"Shut up." 

"I'm serious. It feels so much better feeling the wind between your legs when you don't have a mount of hair blocking you. Plus it gives everyone who sees you a little treat — a pretty pink kitty. Alright, video time. Masturbate for me."

“What?” Amy slammed her legs shut, “I — I can’t do that in front of someone!”

“You're going to have to if you want some clothes.” 

Amy looked into the camera. Her legs were shaking as she slowly opened them up again. Her hand traveled south, and closing her eyes, she pushed her fingers against her vagina. It felt good, amazing even. The stress she was building up was about to burst, and all she had to do was play with her sensitive lips a little. She slipped her fingers in and moaned softly as Lucy got a good close-up of the action. The heat between Amy’s legs was building, and finally erupted as she squirted into the camera. Lucy jumped back, laughing a little as Amy’s orgasm rocked her body, tensing her muscles until she went limp, and fell back onto the wrestling mats.

“Awesome!” Lucy chuckled, and wiped her phone off, “You really got into it.”

“S- shut up.” Amy panted.

“Hey, I’ll tell you what. If you want to do more of this, give me a call. I’m sure the two of us can do some exciting things together.”

Amy leaned against her elbows and glared back at Lucy. It wasn’t a horrible idea. Streaking with another person would feel so weird though, wouldn’t it? Or would Lucy put her through trials? Dares? The mere thought of it changed Amy’s expression to one more curious, and excited. 

“Alright, wait here, I’ll go fetch you something.” Lucy tucked her phone into her pocket. She opened the door, and kicked her foot into the edge of it, leaving it wide open. Her hand raised, and she whistled loudly down the hall, “Hey everyone! A girl is masturbating in here, come look!” 

Amy’s heart dropped as she fully sat up. A crowd of footsteps approached the door. Lucy winked at the naked girl, and walked over to the girl's locker room, allowing for the crowd of people outside to come to peep in and see Amy with her legs spread wide apart, and a trail of juices across the floor. She screamed, and quickly covered herself, diving behind the wrestling mats. 

“That bitch.” she muttered, a small smile working it’s way across her face. 
