Bella Restrained At The Club
by Llorna

Four friends have a night out, three wearing clothes.

"It's a little over four hundred miles," Luna said, answering my question. "So we can't return the same day. Thanks for putting us up tonight."

"You're welcome," I said mechanically. I poured coffee into the four cups and put them on the Lazy Suzanne. "But you reached Franklin this afternoon, and you'll leave in the morning? What's it all about?"

"We just came to talk to you, Bella," said Gianna, fidgeting with her sleeve.

I waited. Carter and I had settled in Franklin after we got married two months ago. Hazel, Gianna, and Luna were three of my oldest and closest friends. The week before the wedding, they'd arranged a bachelorette party for me. I was grateful to them for the trouble and expense, of course. But the party itself had been a demanding experience for me. Hazel and Gianna had wild ideas. I was still processing that night, unsure what I felt about them.

"You've been busy after the wedding, of course." Hazel spoke slowly. "But we haven't spoken much since your bachelorette."

"That was a pretty intense experience you arranged for me," I said. "It was shocking in so many ways."

Hazel and Gianna looked at each other. "I-I hope you'll believe us, Bella," said Hazel. "We didn't plan something so awful for you."

I kept quiet. Hazel had a reputation as a prankster, and Gianna was wild. Luna usually went along with them on their plans. We were meeting for the first time after my wedding. My three friends were visiting me on a weekend Carter was away for work.

"We knew you couldn't..." Gianna began. "We thought you couldn't handle being naked at the party. So we'd planned to take you naked in the van and pick up all the girls. Then you'd meet William, who's such a shy guy himself." I raised an eyebrow and said nothing.

"We were pretty sure," said Hazel, "That as soon as you found out there were going to be guys at the party, you'd ask for your clothes and get dressed."

"I see." I kept my face and voice neutral. All three involved in arranging my bachelorette were close friends I'd known since childhood. They'd taken me to the party naked, not revealing they'd invited six of our male school friends.

"Vince joined William at his house, which we didn't expect." Gianna was almost wringing her hands. "And the box with your clothes got left at Evelyn's house by mistake. It wasn't intentional, I promise you."

All three looked at me anxiously. I'd been a bit cool with them since the party. The party had been great, and I did end up enjoying myself after the initial shocks. Even the forced nudity had been fun, after I got used to it. What I'd really minded was the assumption I'd be okay with attending a party naked. A party with twenty girls and guys.

I looked at the three worried faces around my dining table. My heart somersaulted as I realized how they valued my friendship. "It's all right, Gina. I had a good time at the party, honestly."

"So, we're fine?" asked Hazel. Her eyes were troubled as she waited. She hadn't touched her plate or her coffee.

"Hazel, you're a terrible prankster," I said. "It's quite likely you planned the whole thing. Hiding the fact that guys would be at the party and keeping me naked. But it doesn't matter now."

I got up and walked around the table. "I had a wonderful, memorable bachelorette. And you three driving all this way to talk to me means so much."

Stopping behind Hazel, I put my hands on her shoulders. As she turned around, I kissed her. Gianna and Luna stood up, and we all hugged joyfully.

* * *

"You came three times on the way back, at least," Gianna said. We were having an early dinner at my place. We'd talked non-stop for an hour, catching up. Now, the talk had turned to the bachelorette party. "And everyone in the van knew, though you tried to keep your orgasms discreet."

"You people are quite awful," I declared. Being naked for hours had aroused me, and on the return trip, Gianna had sat next to me, fingering my pussy to orgasms in the dark.

"Well, it was a night to remember," sighed Luna. "I'm still getting messages from the gang about it. I wish we'd taken some pictures."

"We decided not to, Luna," said Hazel.

"And I'm grateful." I hugged Luna and Hazel to me. "Pictures tend to find their way to the net."

"But you were terrific that night." Gianna did a mock salute. "Striding around on those deadly heels stark naked. No one will ever call you Bashful Bella again."

I'd been given that name in high school, and it had stuck all through college. I was happy to get rid of it.

"He, he, he," I giggled. "That night changed me. Pretty much nothing scares me anymore."

"You were amazing, Bella," said Gianna, kissing my fingertips. "I met Vince the other day, and he said everyone's still talking about you."

"I'm not sure I want to know what they're saying," I said, grinning.

"It's mostly complimentary," said Luna, giggling. "But it would embarrass Carter for sure. A lot of anatomical detail."

"He, he," I laughed. "Yeah, it felt strange having so many people looking at my body. But in some ways, it set me free."

"Speaking of free and fettered," said Gianna. She picked up a glass bowl from the sideboard and placed it on the table before me. Luna and Hazel giggled on seeing the gleaming steel handcuffs inside.

"That's a failed experiment," I said. "Carter bought them last month. He wanted to try bondage and domination."

"Didn't fit you?" asked Luna. She took the handcuffs and held them up. "Seem all right."

"No, they fit fine. Carter put them on me and buttoned up a coat around me. We went for a walk." I went around the table, serving seconds.

Gianna asked," So what went wrong?"

"Oh, it was Carter's turn next weekend, but he chickened out. Didn't want to undress."

The girls sat up. "What were you wearing when he put the cuffs on you?" asked Luna.

"Shoes," I said, grinning. "It was Carter's idea. The coat is knee-length, so no one could see the handcuffs. Or me."

"Ooh," said Gianna. "How exciting!"

"This sounds like fun!" said Hazel, grinning. "But you wanted to do unto him?"

"Well, he imagined I'd get the cuffs, and he'd have the key whenever we used them." I sat down again. "I told him that's not how things work. Marriage is equal opportunity. We take turns."

"Right on!" said Luna. "That was a great dinner, Bella. What are we doing tonight?"

"If you're driving back tomorrow morning," I said. "Then we all go to bed early tonight. But if you stay till Sunday, I know some good nightclubs on Park street."

"You want us to stay another day with you?" asked Gianna. "Truly?"

"We've been friends most of our lives," I said slowly. "You played a prank, it went wrong a little, and I think I overreacted. Let's give ourselves some time together to make things good again?"

"That's the most..." Hazel was unable to finish. "We'll stay?" She looked at Luna and Gianna, who both nodded. Suddenly, we were all laughing and crying as we held each other.

"Tell you what," I said after we were over the emotions. "Let's all get dressed and meet in the living room at eight-thirty?"

My friends hadn't brought clothes to go clubbing; I was happy to let them choose from my closet. At eight-thirty, we were all in the living room.

"This is a great dress, Bella." Gianna looked at herself in the mirror. "You must look a bomb in it. But it's hanging on me. I'm too skinny."

"You have a lovely, slim figure," I said. "But that dress is a bit loose for me, too. Come up and choose another? Although I don't have much else."

"How about you two exchange? said Hazel. "I think what you're wearing now would fit Gina all right."

"Let's try it out," I said, putting my hands behind me and running the zip down. I handed the dress to Gianna and said, "Well?"

"Uh, I'll change in the dining room," said Gianna. She looked at me, standing in my bra and panties. "I'll give you this dress in a minute."

"You look great, Gina," said Hazel as Gianna returned. "This one fits you much better."

"Thanks," said Gianna. "Really nice of you, Bella. Here's the other dress. Or," she said, putting the handcuffs she'd found in the dining room on the table. "You could wear these and a coat."

Hazel and Luna giggled. Then Hazel shook her head. "It'll take time to build that much trust again." Luna and Gianna both sobered up and nodded. Gianna held out the dress again.

I looked around at the three of them and stepped away from Gianna. My friends were stunned and then began grinning as I took off my bra. Gianna gave a wolf whistle as I slid my panties down and stepped out of them.

My friends looked me up and down as I picked up the handcuffs. My C-cup breasts, with their pink nipples, sagged very little when I stood. Luckily, I'd shaved only a day ago. My pubes and pussy lips were clean, except for a thin inverted triangle above my clit. I locked the cuffs around my left wrist.

"Whoops!" said Hazel. She came close and hugged me. Her dress rubbed against my nipples and belly. "Bella, you're incredible!"

I held out my hands. Gianna asked, "You want your hands in front?"

"Well, I have to hold a glass," I said, smiling at her. "But your choice, Gina."

"I'll hold your glass for you," Gianna said. "Hands behind is sexier. Much."

I turned around, and she locked my right wrist into the cuffs. She passed the key to Hazel. "I'm not taking my bag."

Hazel swung the key on its cord from her finger and looked at me. "Do you want to take the key with us, or are you willing to make a commitment?"

"Your choice, Hazel." I smiled back at her. She dropped the key on the table as Luna held up my coat. It was a thick, midnight blue coat that fell below my knees. No one could know I was naked and handcuffed inside it, but they'd realize the sleeves were empty. Luna buttoned it up to my throat.

"Thanks," I said to Luna. "Guys, let's not go to Park street. Carter and I go often, and we always meet friends at those places. There are some good clubs out on Airport road. Who's driving?"

It was early, and we found a parking spot close to the entrance. Luna opened the door for me. I swung my legs out, and she held my shoulders and helped me climb out of the car.

"Not many cars," remarked Gianna. "Club isn't full yet."

At the cloakroom, my friends deposited their coats. "What about Bella?" asked Hazel, and my throat went dry. Surely they wouldn't make me remove my coat? I braced myself.

"What do you say, Bella?" Gianna looked at me, eyes twinkling.

I smiled, hoping my terror wasn't showing. "I'll let Luna decide."

Luna looked taken aback. Smiling, she said, "Well, she did say pretty much nothing scared her now." She started undoing the buttons on my coat. "And we're far from town." She was down to my belly, my coat falling open. "Not likely to meet anyone we know."

She undid the last button, and my coat fell off my shoulders. Luna caught it and walked to the cloakroom girl, who looked startled. But she put my coat with the other three and wrote out a ticket.

Hazel pushed me back till my shoulders touched the wall. Naked and handcuffed, I watched the door, hoping no one would come in. The cloakroom was warm, but I felt myself shivering.

"Better keep this carefully," Luna said, folding the ticket. "Club isn't a problem, but Bella won't like her neighbors seeing her coming home naked."

The music wasn't too loud as we entered. The club was about half full, and every head turned to us as we entered. Luna talked to the hostess while I stood near the door between Hazel and Gianna. The hostess beckoned, and I followed her and Luna. My heels clacked as I walked, drawing eyes to my bouncing breasts and handcuffed wrists.

The hostess stopped, and Luna nodded. It was a table set against the wall with two high-backed seats. I slid into the seat first and was happy to have the high back behind me. The handcuffs were drawing more attention than my breasts and pussy, I felt.

"A round of Daiquiris for everyone?" asked Gianna, and Hazel and Luna nodded. "I'll fetch them."

"I'm not really a rum girl," I said. Hazel slid into the seat next to me. Luna sat opposite me. The bar was close to our table, and Gianna was already talking to the barman.

"Because you try to stay sober, Bella," said Luna. "You always drive us home safely."

"Well, someone should," I said, and Hazel and Luna burst out laughing. "Oh!"

"Yes!" said Luna. "You won't be driving tonight, love. Tell us why not?"

"My wrists are handcuffed behind my back," I said, shaking my head. "I feel so dumb."

"You're not dumb," said Hazel. "Just habits of a lifetime. But today, drink up." She leaned over and came close. I opened my lips, and she kissed me.

"Here we go," said Gianna, lowering a tray with four drinks. Lifting a glass, she held it for me to sip.

"Thanks," I said after swallowing. I leaned back against the seat back. The bar being so close meant a lot of people passed by our table. The table covered my lower half, but most guys leaned against the bar to ogle my breasts.

"I ordered a Caesar salad," said Gianna. "Anything you guys want?"

"Later, perhaps," Luna said. The light over our table dimmed. "Ah, she did it."

"Did you ask the hostess to turn down the light?" I asked Luna. She nodded, and I grinned. Maybe fewer people would notice I was naked.

"We used to come to town often," said Hazel. She'd studied at Franklin Tech, I knew. "But these places on Airport road were out of student's reach."

"Yes, the downtown places have better prices." I leaned forward as Luna held my glass up for me. Gianna took advantage of my leaning forward to grip my nipple.

"Tell me if you want your coat," murmured Hazel. "I have the ticket."

"I wish I could give you a hug," I replied. "Did you advise Evelyn's brother about student accommodation?"

"Yeah, Ian called me the day after your bachelorette." Evelyn's brother had been accepted at Franklin Tech. He had asked Hazel for help in apartment hunting. On the way to my bachelorette, we'd gone to pick up Evelyn and met Ian. I'd been naked in their living room through no wish of mine. Hazel looked at me. "Are Evelyn and you fine?"

"Evelyn was pissed with you that night," remembered Luna. We'd stopped at Evelyn's house on the way back from the party. She'd offered me a shower, thinking her family would be asleep. "What went down between Ian and you?"

"Nothing went down," I said vehemently. "I was exhausted, and I'm not a cradle-snatcher, anyway."

"No, I know you didn't have sex with the kid," said Luna, holding up her hands. "I know you wouldn't. And he's eighteen, anyway."

"I realized it was weird the next day," I went on, thinking back. "It was past midnight, and Evelyn assured me everyone at home would be asleep. But just as I started my shower, Ian opened the door and came inside."

Gianna leaned on the table to listen. Her fingers held on to my nipple, rolling it absent-mindedly. I glanced at the bar to check if anyone was watching. "Yeah, and?"

"Well, that was the weird bit. He didn't say excuse me and leave. He put down the lid of the toilet and sat down." I shook my head. "Next morning, I realized that was strange."

"You didn't feel odd then? Showering naked and Evelyn's brother watching you?" Luna was curious.

"I was numb to being naked and watched," I said. "Right then."

Hazel grinned. "Yeah, you were naked for hours in the van and at the party. But what was Ian thinking?"

"Dunno." I shrugged. "But I'd been naked in their living room earlier, so maybe he thought I didn't need privacy."

"So, what did you talk about?" Luna asked. "A voyeur and a naked hottie?"

"Normal stuff," I said. "Ian asked about the party, of course. He knew I'd gone naked. How many guys were there? Did you fuck all six? Once I told him there was no sex at the party, he lost interest."

"Typical teenager!" Gianna grinned. She pulled my nipple towards herself, and my eyes widened. Hazel and Luna looked on as I pressed myself against the table.

"Easy, Gina," said Luna, softly. "Don't pull it off!"

Grinning at Luna, Gianna released me, and I sank back. "I'll do the other one after a minute."

"There's no need!" I said. "I can do without it."

"Naked and handcuffed is an awesome combination." Gianna paused as a guy stopped near our table for a moment. "Can't let it go waste." She reached out and gripped my other nipple. "I wish we'd had these cuffs at your bachelorette."

"It was already bad enough for me!" I said. "A series of shocks. I'm glad there were no handcuffs."

Hazel grinned, remembering how the events had unfolded. "But for Ian, what a boring party it was!"

"I know, right?" I grinned back. "Then he talked about going to college and the upcoming family trip to Hawaii. I dried myself and came downstairs."

"Pretty tame," said Luna judiciously. "I don't see Evelyn has anything to be upright about."

"She was a bit reactive that night," I said. "But she called the next day. We're fine." I accepted a sip of my Daiquiri from Hazel. "I told her Ian could stay with me when he landed at night and go to campus in the morning."

Our server arrived with the salad. He grinned as he saw my bare breasts and Gianna stretching one nipple. Placing the platter between our glasses, he told us to enjoy our food and left.

The reduced lighting was working for me, I realized. People coming to the bar often didn't notice my naked body.

Luna lifted my Daiquiri to my lips and held it there. "We've all finished, Bella. Drink up!"

"How're you doing?" whispered Hazel.

"I'm pretty good, Hazel," I said. "It's a thrill -- I'm naked here, but hardly anyone notices me. I'm glad we got this table."

"Are you cold?" asked Gianna. She released her grip, allowing me to sit back in the seat.

"No, I'm all right," I said. I looked at the brightly lit bar, and the barman gave me a cheery wave. He'd gotten a good look at me when the hostess showed us to the table. I nodded back at him.

"Another of the same?" asked Gianna, holding up her empty glass. Hazel nodded.

"I'm going to drive," said Luna, shaking her head.

"Too much for me," I said. "Could you get me a nice white?"

Gianna rubbed her nose. "I don't know about wines. Why don't you come and see what they have?"

"Come up to the bar?" I looked down at myself, then at Gianna.

"It's right here," she said. "You just tell him what you want and scoot back."

"Umm, I don't know." I looked at the bar again. It looked bright, and a guy was waiting for his drinks.

"It's a quiet time just now," said Luna. "Just this one guy. Take the chance, Bella."

Hazel got up to give me room. I slid along the seat and got to my feet. Hazel held my arm to steady me.

"I'm okay now," I said, having found my balance. Hazel nodded and sat down again. Gianna and I moved to the bar. The man at the bar turned around, and my heart jumped into my mouth.

"Why, hello, Bella," he said, smiling at me. He lifted his hands, each holding a drink. "Sorry, I can't shake hands."

"That's all right," I said, thankful he hadn't offered his hand. Perhaps he hadn't noticed I was handcuffed. "This is my friend, Gianna. Gianna, Lennox, my colleague."

"My pleasure," said Lennox, turning to Gianna. His sharp jacket and formal trousers stood out in the informally dressed crowd at the club. "Do you work here, too?"

"No, I'm visiting Bella," said Gianna. She looked dismayed at my having met someone from work. "Just for the weekend."

"I hope you have a great trip," he said politely. "Bella, come meet my wife, Darlene." Without giving me a chance to reply, he pointed the way. With one desperate glance at Gianna, I followed him.

The club was crowded now, and the clicking of my heels drew eyes to my naked body and bound wrists. I felt eyes roving over all my secret parts. The steel grip of the handcuffs held my hands fast; there was no possibility of covering anything. Holding my head up, I kept my eyes on Lennox as he led the way.

Lennox had a table at the edge of the dance floor. His wife was an elegant-looking woman of about forty, wearing a graceful mid-length dress. She raised her eyebrows as she saw her husband return with two drinks and a naked girl.

"Darlene, meet Bella," said Lennox. "She works in Mergers in the company."

"Hi," I said, nodding. Darlene and Lennox puzzled me. Neither of them seemed to react to my being naked and cuffed.

"Hello," said Darlene, smiling down at me. They had a high table with tall bar stool-like chairs. Even sitting, her head was higher than mine. "Nice to meet you, Bella."

"Me, too, Darlene," I said, wondering how soon I could politely leave them. Our table, with its dim lighting and high-backed seats, seemed very attractive to me.

Darlene tapped the glass Lennox had placed before her and looked at him. Lennox nodded and headed off towards the bar again. What a well-trained husband, I thought.

"Do you and Len work together?" Darlene asked.

"I'm in M&A, so we work with Legal often," I said. "I don't work with Lennox, of course. He's head of Legal. If anything needed his attention, my boss would talk to him."

I wished he would return soon so I could say bye and leave. Darlene and I talked about the band playing in the club and then the music scene in town, she in her designer dress and me in my handcuffs. With relief, I saw Lennox approaching, holding a glass.

"Here you go," he said. "Another Cosmopolitan."

"Len, we weren't thinking," said Darlene. "Bella can't get into this chair on her own."

"Sorry, Bella," he said. He put the glass on the high table and bent from the knees. Before I realized why, he wrapped his arms around my thighs and straightened, depositing me on the tall chair. "There we are!"

"Be careful," warned Darlene. "That chair back is only about four inches."

"Oh, thanks," I said. I discovered other disadvantages of the chair Lennox had deposited me in. It was tall and had no sides or back. It effectively put my naked body and handcuffed wrists on display. And there was no way I could get out of the chair on my own unless someone freed my hands.

Darlene picked up a glass and held it to my mouth. I took a cautious sip, wondering if vodka after rum was a safe combination. Lennox climbed into his chair.

Being next to the dance floor, our table was brightly lit. With the tall chair and good illumination, I imagined every eye in the club on my naked, restrained body. Then I looked around and found my imagination was right. The club was full by now, and everywhere I looked, people were staring at me. People passing by our table would stop and inspect my breasts and nipples. I kept my thighs tightly crossed and hoped no friends of Lennox or Darlene would turn up.

Darlene gave me another sip of my drink. I nodded my thanks, and she said, "Well, tell us."

"I beg your pardon?" I looked from Darlene to Lennox, both leaning forward in their chairs. The noise level here was much higher, and I wondered if I had missed something.

"You're completely naked and handcuffed." Darlene smiled. "There must be an interesting story."

"Is Gianna your girlfriend?" asked Lennox. He looked at my breasts, and I realized he hadn't done that since we met. He must have enormous self-control, I thought.

"She's a friend," I said, shaking my head. "I'm with three of my old friends."

"So, how did this happen?" Lennox asked, indicating my naked body. "Did the club provide the handcuffs?"

"No, they're mine," I said. "That is, my husband bought them, but we only used them once. They were lying around, and my friends found them."

"Only used them once?" Darlene raised an eyebrow and smiled. "You're beautiful, and those handcuffs do something for you."

"Oh, thanks," I said. I was unsure what to say. No one had ever complimented me on the way I looked in handcuffs. I took a sip from the glass Darlene held to my mouth. "Well, he didn't enjoy using them. It made me a passive participant in bed."

"Ah, I understand now." Darlene smiled. "I think your friends have found a better use."

"So your friends found your handcuffs," prompted Lennox. They both looked at me.

"Well, they wanted to try them out," I said. I didn't want to give them the whole back story of friendship repair. "So here I am."

"I see," said Darlene. "To try out the handcuffs, you got naked and came to this place." She looked at me, smiling.

"My friends called in an old debt," I said. Lennox nodded as if he knew all about old debts that were repaid by getting naked and restrained in public. "Oh, Gianna is looking for me."

Gianna made her way through the tables to us and said, "Hi again, Lennox."

"Hi, Gianna," he said. "This is my wife, Darlene. Gianna."

Gianna and Darlene said hi to each other. Then Gianna turned to me. "Your order's come, and it's getting cold."

Now, I hadn't actually ordered anything, but I realized Gianna was offering me a way out of a very awkward situation. I nodded at her and said, "All right." I wished we'd brought the key with us. Getting off this chair with hands cuffed was going to be impossible.

"Bella will be along," said Lennox. "As soon's she finishes her drink."

Gianna waved and left, and I hoped to finish my drink quickly. But, of course, it depended on Darlene holding my glass for me, and she was in no hurry. She raised my glass infrequently and made sure I only had small sips.

"Do you enjoy being naked at a club?" Darlene asked, swirling the liquid in her own glass.

"I don't know," I confessed. "It's the first time I've tried. I'm yet to process my feelings."

"First time?" Lennox sounded surprised. "But you're so self-assured!"

"Trying to act that way," I said. I leaned forward as Darlene offered me my glass again. "But I have butterflies in my stomach."

Darlene laughed. "I can imagine. But you're brave, Bella. I admire you."

"Thank you," I said, smiling. I noticed all the guys on the dance floor had collected near our table. I screwed up my courage. "I think I'll leave the drink, Darlene. I've had rather a lot today."

"That's fine, absolutely," she said. "Knowing when to stop is good."

"Sure, leave it," Lennox said. "And your friends are waiting for you." He smiled at me and nodded.

"Uh, Lennox," I said. "Could you help me get down, please?"

He immediately got off his chair and came to me. Then he paused. Lifting me into the chair had been simple, but getting me out wasn't as easy. "Er, I'll have to lift you," he said, looking at his wife.

"Well, do it," she said. "We can't keep her trapped forever."

Lennox put an arm under my buttocks and the other behind my back. He straightened, lifting me into his body, and staggered backward. For a moment, I thought he would spill me, but he recovered his balance. Carefully, he lowered my feet to the floor.

"Thanks for the drink," I said to both. "A pleasure meeting you."

"The pleasure was ours," said Darlene, blowing me a kiss as I stepped back.

"And Bella," said Lennox. Coming close, he lowered his voice. "What happens out of office, stays out of office."

"That's great," I said, grinning at him in relief. "Thank you."

I wound my way between the tables to my friends. I had come walking behind Lennox, but I was alone now. My heels made people look around, and no one looked away. My breasts and pussy lips were at the right height for people at the tables I passed. The handcuffs were unrelenting; no matter how close I came to staring eyes, I couldn't cover myself.

And then I realized I needn't. These people were strangers and most were appreciative. I got a lot of whistles and compliments as I passed. My stride slowed, my nervousness evaporated, and I smiled at anyone clapping or making a positive comment.

I was startled to feel a trickle on my thigh. Oh no, I thought, my pussy's acting up again. The stimulus of being on display at Lennox's table had aroused me, and his final words had provided the relief to set my desire free.

I quickened my step as I felt the tingling in my pussy. This is crazy, I thought. I'm naked and cuffed in a public place and getting horny. I saw the women's restroom but knew it was no use. The handcuffs were implacable; I had no hope of rubbing myself to relief.

I was trembling by the time I made it to our table. Gianna was sitting opposite Luna and Hazel. She saw me coming and got up quickly. I almost fell onto the seat. Gianna waited, standing, till I managed to shift and make room for her.

Luna leaned forward and lifted a fresh glass to my lips. I looked at her gratefully and took a big sip.

"That sucked," I said and laughed, happy to be back with my friends.

Gianna noticed I was trembling and put her arm around me. I turned towards her, and she kissed me.

"Bad luck, Bella," said Hazel. "Meeting someone from work. Will it be a problem?"

"No, he's a decent sort," I said. I sat up straighter. "Oh, it feels good to be back with you all."

"Their table was rather... exposed," said Gianna. She put her hand on my thigh. "It was so easy to find you. Everyone in the club was looking towards you."

I laughed. "It was awful. Having a conversation with them while naked and cuffed, and that tall chair!"

"Shall we leave now, love?" said Luna softly. She put her hand across the table to squeeze my shoulder. I accepted another sip as she raised the glass. "You're shivering!"

"Nah, I'm fine now." I looked down at Gianna's hand on my thigh and smiled at her. "I'm not cold, just..."

"Yes, I know," said Gianna. Her hand on my thigh moved upwards, touching my pussy. Her eyes met mine, and she smiled.

Our table was relatively dark, but I knew we weren't invisible. However, I was on fire. Being exposed in a public place, with over a hundred people looking at my naked body had aroused me. I could feel the familiar tug in my lower belly and knew my pussy was leaking onto the seat. I spread my knees and allowed Gianna to access my pussy.

"Are you going to...?" Hazel guessed what we were doing. "Here?"

"She's worked up," said Gianna quietly. "Give her a sip, Luna." She inserted two fingers into my pussy, and I turned in the seat to allow her better access. Gianna began sliding her fingers in and out of me. My breath came quickly as my pussy sensations overwhelmed my other senses.

I felt the pressure of a building orgasm. Hazel put a wad of tissues into Gianna's other hand, and she placed them below my pussy. I was already flowing and was glad of the tissues.

"Close your eyes, Bella," said Gianna. "Forget where you are. Just you and me. Your pussy and my hand. Let yourself go."

My eyes rolled back as my orgasm hit. I held my breath as the storm roared and burned through my body. My pussy was ablaze and spurting hot nectar. I closed my eyes and ignored the barman watching us. For long moments, Gianna continued moving her fingers gently inside me. Finally, my orgasm abated, and Gianna removed her fingers. I gave a deep sigh and leaned back, letting lethargy wash over me.

I was aware of my friends conversing in low voices as I recovered from my monster orgasm. I felt Gianna leaning over and kissing my lips softly. I wished I could hug her.

"No, I'm not sleeping," I murmured in response to Hazel. "Just feeling so nice to be back here. So peaceful."

"Let's go home," Luna proposed. "Bella seems tired."

"I'm all right now," I said, sitting up. "Just got keyed up sitting at that table. Jeez, it was bright there." Luna offered me another sip from my glass. "Now that I'm here, things are fine."

"Comparative thinking," said Hazel, smiling. "You're still naked and bound."

"But you had a good one, didn't you?" Luna asked. "I felt the table shaking!"

"Being naked is arousing," I admitted. "Let's not cut the evening short on my account. We're all having a good time, aren't we?"

"You were trembling when you got back," said Hazel. "It was almost scary to see you."

"A bit overwhelming," I said, thinking. "All those people on the way cheering and whistling. I was horribly turned on when coming back."

"You were ripe," agreed Gianna. "I hardly had to do anything. You basically exploded on your own."

I felt myself blushing. "Happens to me sometimes. But I'm fine now."

"Dr. Gianna to the rescue!" said Hazel, giggling. "Saved your life with her magic fingers."

"He, he, he!" Gianna laughed, too. She stood up. "A Diet Coke for you, Luna?"

"Nothing for me, too, please," I said as Luna shook her head. "I'm feeling light-headed already."

Gianna sat down again. "I'm not all that keen," she said. "Hazel?"

"No, I'm done for now," Hazel said. "I'm hungry, actually. Their food menu isn't much."

"Let's go home, then," I said. "I'll whip up something quick."

"Or we could pick up some takeaway," Hazel said, looking through her bag. She produced the car key and cloakroom ticket. "Shall I get you your coat here?"

"No, that's all right." I tried to see the entrance. "I can't see if the place is busy."

"We'll go ahead and get our coats," Luna said to Gianna. "You come with Bella after a minute."

"Come again," the barman called out as he saw Hazel and Luna leaving. "We loved having you here."

Gianna laughed. "He means you." I grinned at her as she stood up. I followed her as she set off. Walking to the entrance again got me some whistles, which I acknowledged with nods and smiles.

Luna was waiting outside the cloakroom with my jacket. "There's a bunch of college kids inside," she murmured, draping the coat around me. "I'll just do some buttons. We'll do the rest in the car."

I nodded. We were going home, anyway. I was happy the evening had gone well. These were old friends, and spending an evening with them had been fun. Luna stepped away and then walked with me to the car park.

"Oh, wow," I heard behind me as Luna unlocked the car. "It's the handcuffs babe."

"What, really?" It was a girl's voice, so I looked over my shoulder. The college kids Luna had seen in the cloakroom had come out, too. There were six of them, three girls and their boyfriends, I guessed. I was nervous for a moment, but then remembered I wasn't naked.

"Hello," one of the girls said. "I'm Heather. You were awesome in the club, totally."

"Hi," I said, at a loss. What was the appropriate response? "Well, thanks."

"No, really," said another of the girls. "We'd just sat down, and this character's eyes suddenly got big. I turned around, and oh, God!"

"Yeah, you were walking past our table," said a slim guy in a blue hoodie. "Clicking your heels and smiling at people who whistled. You were mind-blowing, ma'm."

"Bella," I said. "Not madam, please."

"I'm Benjamin," he said. "Or Ben." The others introduced themselves. I introduced my three friends. They seemed friendly and respectful, but I was aware that I was wearing just the coat, and still handcuffed.

"You'd just come in when Bella walked back?" asked Gianna. "You didn't party much, then."

"Just the one round of drinks," said a boy who'd introduced himself as David. "We usually go to Park. This area is kinda pricey."

"That's true enough," said Hazel. "Doesn't fit into student budgets. You're students, right?"

After a few minutes talking, Luna opened the car door. Hazel was in a talkative mood; she always was after a few drinks.

"Going to stir up another club?" asked Heather with a grin. "Have fun!"

"I don't think so," said Hazel. "But get a snack, maybe. The food menu in there was pretty thin."

"They want you to order drinks, I guess," said a short brunette called Donna. "We're going to Don's Diner down the road."

"Yes!" said Ben enthusiastically. "The best wings in town."

"State," said Heather.

"World!" chimed in Eric, the only blonde in the group.

"Wow!" said Gianna. "I could just put away a few wings right now!"

"Join us!" This was a slightly chubby girl called Brenda. "Our treat!"

"No way!" said Gianna. "You're still students. Our tab. Wings, here we come."

"Umm, Bella?" said Luna once we were in the car. "You want to do this? We can just have some packed."

"Oh," said Gianna. "Sorry, babes. Just slipped. Yeah, let's have takeaway."

"No," I said slowly. "Wings have to be eaten hot. But let's see when we get there? If it's a big crowd... "

But the diner was empty. Our new friends had driven up just before us. This late at night, it was just the owner managing the place. The boys joined three tables to seat all of us together.

Hazel opened my can for me and put in a straw. It was her idea; I could drink it myself, reducing some awkwardness. Gianna was busy arguing with Benjamin about why he couldn't pick up the tab.

I was between Luna and Brenda and kept quiet. Best not to draw attention, I thought. David was entertaining us with stories from their last Spring Break trip. The air turned delicious, telling us our wings were ready.

"Aha," said Heather, rubbing her hands. "Time for serious eating." She took off her jacket and hung it on her chair back.

Eric grinned at me. "How about you, Bella? Want to eat seriously?"

"Shut up, Eric," Brenda said, sounding furious. She was obviously his girlfriend. "You realize you're basically asking her to get naked?"

"Well, sorry," said Eric, looking at me. "I didn't... "

"It's okay," I said. "No offense taken."

"Thanks," he said, sounding relieved. "I just thought, at the club, you know."

"So what, Eric," said Brenda mildly. "It's still her choice. Never assume."

"Let's drop it, please," said Gianna. She looked at Brenda. "Actually, it's not Bella's choice. Luna, here, is the Chief Executive of Car and Coat."

"You mean," said Heather. "Luna decides if Bella wears her coat or checks it at the cloakroom."

"That's right," confirmed Hazel. "Bella appointed Luna because she's the most conservative of us."

Luna turned and gave Hazel a long look. Oh no, Hazel, I thought, what have you done? Luna turned to me and reached for the top button.

"Holy shit!" said Benjamin two minutes later as Luna hung my coat on her chair.

"Wow!" said Heather. "You're even lovelier than I remember."

"What a bombshell body," said Donna. "I'm dying of envy."

"Thanks, people," I said. Smiling was a big effort. I'd thought there was just the ride home in my coat. Suddenly, I was naked again in this well-lit diner with six people I hardly knew. "But let's not let the wings get cold."

Luna cut a piece and held it to my mouth. I knew the whole table was looking at my breasts. I swallowed and bent my head to suck at my drink.

"So." Brenda looked at me after a few minutes. "The back story?"

"Hmm?" I pretended not to understand the question. I thought furiously. I couldn't tell them this was a patch-up party with my old friends.

"What Brenda means," said Heather. "Why are you naked and handcuffed?"

"Yeah, we're all dying," said Benjamin. "Of curiosity."

"Oh, my husband is on a business trip." I looked around at the kids, trying to see how many were shocked. Lennox had assumed I was lesbian. "He opted not to come home on the weekend, so I thought he should regret it."

Donna sputtered as her drink went down the wrong way. There was an explosion of laughter. I accepted another piece of wing from Luna.

"That is awesome, Bella," said Heather, coming around to clap me on the back. "The best thing I've heard!"

"Thanks," I said, smiling. To Benjamin, "Yes, I'm married. Been two months."

I was feeling more at ease now. The kids were nice, making only positive comments. And, after all, I thought, they'd all seen me naked and cuffed at the club.

"Have you done this before?" Donna asked. "I mean, clubbing bare?"

"Once," I said. "With Carter. But that was for a few minutes only."

"But you're amazing," Donna said. "I'd be dying."

"Did he handcuff you that time?" Eric asked.

"Nope. Just a quick on and off." I drank from my can. "It was early evening. Hardly half a dozen people. And staff, of course."

"The club was full today," said Brenda. "Everyone was looking towards your table once you walked past us. What a buzz!"

"More wings?" Offered Hazel. "Shall I order again?"

"Anyone wants more?" said Benjamin, looking around the table. Most people shook their heads. "You ordered a big lot to start."

"Did you order a cake?" asked David. We followed his eyes and saw the owner approaching, holding a tray with a cake.

"Hello, people," he said, placing the cake on our table. "I'm Donald." He gestured towards me. "A cake for the birthday girl."

"Thank you!" I said. "Not my birthday, but I love cake."

"Ah, my mistake." He lifted his hands. "You're in your birthday suit, so I made a guess. Please enjoy it."

He produced a lighter and lit the single candle. With a cheery wave, he went back to his till. The cake was pushed towards me.

"Blow out the candle," encouraged Heather. "And we'll sing happy birthday, anyway."

"Better not." I shook my head. "There's a pandemic going on. Better not breathe or blow on the food."

"Say, that's right," said Eric. "But you can extinguish a candle by clapping near it."

"That won't work either," I said, as everyone laughed. "Any other suggestions?"

"You could unlock Bella for a minute," suggested Brenda. "The wax is trickling onto the cake."

"Ah, that is up to the Grand Exalted Keeper of the Keys," said Luna. She pointed to Hazel.

"Well, how about it, Hazel?" asked Heather. "Can Bella be freed to douse the candle?"

"Unfortunately, we don't have the key," said Hazel. "Any other ideas?"

"Her handcuff keys," said David, staring. "You don't have them?"

"Didn't want to carry them around," explained Hazel. "I'm always losing things in my bag. We kept the key safely at home."

"Yeah, we don't want Bella locked up forever," said Gianna. In a stage whisper, she continued, "She's a good cook."

"That's a good reason to unlock her," declared Donna. "Man, she's so yummy herself."

"He, he, he," said Gianna. "All evening, I've been wishing I weren't straight."

"Gina!" I exclaimed. "Behave!"

There was laughter all around the table. Girls and boys were all looking at me. I was glad of the cover provided by the tablecloth. I could feel wetness in my pussy.

Brenda removed the candle, which had gone out on its own. She cut a slice and held it for me to take a bite. "A new experience," she said, smiling. "Feeding someone naked and handcuffed."

"Let me try it," said Donna. I swallowed quickly as I saw her cut a slice. Turning around in my chair, I took a tiny bite as she held it to my mouth.

"Move it, Donna," said Heather, standing behind her. "I'm in the queue for good deeds, too."

"Can we have a turn?" asked Eric. "Who's Chief Executive of Feeding the Handcuffed?"

"He, he, he," Gianna giggled. "No such post. I suppose giving Bella a slice of cake is harmless enough."

"Speak for yourself," I groaned as the three guys lined up behind Heather. "So much cake will go straight to my bottom."

"Take small bites, Bella," said Heather. She held up the half slice Donna had put down. "We don't want to ruin that bombshell body."

The next piece of cake crashed against my chin and showered me with crumbs. "Oops!" said David. He was standing opposite me, holding half a slice. "I don't know how that happened."

"I can tell you," said Brenda, giggling. "You were focusing on Bella's nipples instead of her mouth."

"No, no," David protested. "I never... "

"Oh, we don't blame you," said Hazel. "Bella can be quite distracting."

"Move on, bro," said Eric. "Don't hold up the line."

After I took a bite from Eric's slice, Benjamin took his place. He held out his hand, never taking his eyes from my breasts. Brenda put a piece of cake into his hand.

"Pay attention, Ben," I said softly. "I'm a mess already."

Benjamin shook his head and smiled. "Yeah, I can look at 'em later," he murmured, almost to himself. He pushed the cake into my open mouth.

Brenda looked at me. My chin, throat, and breasts were covered with cake crumbs. "Shit, did we do all that?" She looked dismayed. "We should clean you up..."

It was an awkward thought, I thought, cleaning my breasts. Awkward for everyone. Everyone but one.

"Coming through!" announced Gianna. "Housekeeping! Some room, please." Brenda moved her chair to let Gianna stand near me. "On your feet, babe. I'll have you cleaned up in no time."

"Umm, stand up?" I looked up at Gianna and saw that wicked smile of hers. Reluctantly, I got to my feet. The guys gasped and whistled as my landing strip and pussy came into view. I was feeling horny with all the attention and hoped I wouldn't embarrass myself by leaking pussy juice.

"How awesome," Benjamin sighed. He leaned forward and placed his chin on the table. David and Eric followed him, and I realized their eyes were at the level of my pussy.

"Guys," I said as Gianna cleaned my chin. "This is gross."

"We're just looking," said David. "Oh, man!"

"Lift your chin, please," said Hazel, beginning work on my throat. "Any feedback for housekeeping, people? Any suggestions?"

"Do a good job, please," said David. "Take your time. Don't be in a hurry."

I couldn't help it. I burst out laughing. To my horror, I felt a drop escaping my pussy and moving down my thigh. I shifted my legs, hoping to contain any more. Gianna finished cleaning my throat and stepped back.

Picking up a fresh tissue in each hand, she turned to me with a wicked smile. She looked down at my breasts and beamed. I knew what was coming.

"No, please," I whispered to her. The table was silent as Gianna rubbed the tissues on my breasts. As she rubbed the textured paper on my breasts, I felt my nipples responding. Gianna could feel them hardening and lengthening, and she grinned at me as she stepped back.

"There we go!" she declared, walking away. "As good as new!"

The other five girls and three guys stared at my reddened breasts and long, erect nipples. I again felt a trickle start down my thigh.

"Wow!" whispered Donna. "Just look at those nipples!"

"Be careful when you go out," said Eric. "You might key someone's car with one of those."

I sat down, afraid I would explode into a fierce orgasm. My pussy was leaking fluid, and I hoped I wouldn't leave a puddle on the seat.

"It's been great meeting you people," said Heather. "We should plan to get together sometime."

"We had a fun time with you, too," I managed to speak normally, though my breath was catching in my throat. "You're a fun bunch."

"Shall we leave now?" proposed Brenda. "It's pretty late."

I stood up as all the others did, too. The kids took another look at me and let out theatrical oohs and aahs. Luna folded my coat over her arm and walked out. It was obvious there was still payment due for Hazel's comment. The group trooped out.

I stopped near the till. "Thanks for the cake! We enjoyed it."

"You're welcome." Donald came out to talk. "Is it your bachelorette party, then?"

Hazel ran her fingers down my back, distracting me. I tried to talk in a normal tone. "No, no, this was just a night out with friends." I looked down at my naked body. "This was just a spur-of-the-moment thing."

"Well, I hope you'll be regular here," Donald said, running his eyes down me. "We're open till midnight every day."

I nodded to him as he held the door for us. The diner was close to the road, with the parking lot off to one side. Luna and Gianna were saying goodbyes to our new friends.

I walked to the car, feeling the night air on my body. My friends waved to our new friends as Luna unlocked the car. Gianna got in the front.

"I'm glad you're staying an extra day," I said, sliding in to make room for Hazel. "We had a great evening."

"Yep," said Hazel, sitting with me in the back. "A really fun, sexy evening. We're back to the old days."

"Better," said Gianna, turning around from the front. "We never had cuffs then." She reached out and tickled me on my belly.

Luna drove steadily along the mostly empty streets. "We'll be home in five," she announced after a while.

"What about sleeping?" I asked. "The guest room's enough for two. One of you can come to my room."

"Yeah, Luna and I'll be in your spare room." Hazel looked at Luna for confirmation. "Gina can share yours. She can't keep her hands off you, anyway."

"No fear," I said as Gianna protested. "She only does that when I'm naked. Once I get dressed, she won't be tempted."

"Want to drape your coat?" offered Luna. She'd parked the car outside my house.

"Yes, please. Better not flash my neighbors." I waited as Luna struggled to put my coat on inside the car. "Two buttons is enough."

I got out of the car, the coat hanging loose but covering me. Hazel already had the door open. Inside, Luna unbuttoned my coat and hung it up.

"My final task as Chief Executive, Car and Coat." Luna yawned and started up the stairs. "See you guys in the morning."

Gianna held my arm, and we walked up the stairs. Hazel caught up with us on the landing.

"Keeper of the Keys, at your service," she announced, holding up the key to my handcuffs.

"Good girl, Hazel," said Gianna. She held my elbow and guided me to my bedroom. "Keep that key safe. We'll need it in the morning."

Wait, what?
