Watch Me
bysnaillover69©

Crystal had just moved into her new Condo, located on the 7th floor. It was beach view, she couldn't afford beach front, but she still could see the ocean from her balcony.

There was a condo directly across from hers, it was right on the beach, she was certain it had to have an awesome view.

Crystal figured it had to be several hundred feet away, so she wasn't worried about bothering with curtains. She didn't really care anyway, if someone could see her she was fine with that. 

Crystal had found out when she was 18 that she enjoyed being watched, it was such a turn on.

Her first experience with being watched was when she was out by her pool, her boyfriend at the time was Jake.

They had been swimming and started making out in the pool, Jake sat Crystal on the edge of the shallow end, he pulled her bikini bottoms to the side and started eating her pussy.

Jake ran his tongue up her wet slit, and pushed his middle finger inside her, and started fucking her cunt with his finger.

Crystal reached behind her back and pulled the string to her bikini top, and pulled it off, exposing her perky little tits. She caressed her nipples, pinching them between her thumb and fingers, gently tugging at them.

Jake had now slipped a second finger inside and was fucking her cunt, causing Crystal to moan with pleasure.

While Crystal was playing with her nipples her eyes glanced over towards her neighbors house, she thought for a moment she could see someone in one of the windows.

Jake was now gently nibbling Crystal's clit, sending her into an earth shattering orgasm, he lapped up her juices, savoring her sweet taste.

Again Crystal's eyes caught sight of the window, she knew it could only be one person, Mr. Anderson, he was her retired neighbor, he was in his 60's, dirty old man she thought.

Crystal suddenly felt something different, she didn't expect to feel this way, but she felt a rush, a thrill, she was actually feeling excited about being watched with Jake.

Crystal led Jake over to the chaise lounge, she had him sit down and she dropped to her knees in front of him and sucked his cock into her waiting open mouth.

Crystal than stood up and removed her bikini bottoms, turned around so she was facing her neighbors window and lowered her wet pussy down onto Jakes hard cock.

Jake reached around and pinched her nipples as Crystal rode up and down his long hard cock. Crystal could feel every inch of his cock, throbbing deep inside her cunt.

Crystal was now starring right at her neighbors window, she smiled, and blew a kiss towards her peeping Tom.

Jake had no idea what was going on, he had never seen Crystal so hot before, she was riding his cock, raising her hips all the way until just the tip of his cock was still inside and than ramming her cunt down hard, taking all 8 inches he had. 

Crystal could feel her orgasm building, she tightened her cunt muscles around Jakes cock and fucked him faster, her eyes were locked on her neighbors window, she didn't even blink.

Jake grabbed Crystal by her hips and was thrusting his cock upward as she was pounding her pussy into his crotch, faster and faster, harder and harder.

Crystal orgasm erupted, she started gushing her cunt juices, Jake couldn't hold back any more and shot his load as well.

Crystal raised up off of Jake's cock and fingered her clit, she was so turned on she squirted, she had never down that before, she squirted again and again, her body was shaking.

She slipped three fingers inside her cunt and coated them with her juices and raised the fingers to her lips, she looked directly at her neighbors window and licked her fingers clean, smiling the whole time.

Ever since that unforgettable night, she had never been the same, she always loved sex, but being watched, well, she would have orgasms that couldn't be topped, and she loved the thrill of it all.

Now Crystal was all grown up, she was 32, her parents had both died in a car accident and she, being their only child, got everything, so she had some money.

Crystal was really attractive, 5'5", her boobs were 36C, with short Brunette hair, but she felt her best feature was her tight little butt.

The moving company she hired had done an excellent job, the only thing that Crystal had to do was unpack all her personal boxes.

She spent the whole day, unpacking her clothes and arranging them in her closet, she unpacked the box for her bathroom, soaps, shampoos, etc., the last box she opened was for her bed, sheets and bedspreads, and pillows and pillowcases.

Once her bed was all made up, there was still one more box, she saved it for last, sort of a welcome to my new home present to herself.

Crystal laid down on her bed, it was facing the floor to ceiling window, she thought for a moment if anyone at the condos across from her could see in, she instantly felt a small tingle in her pussy.

Crystal removed her T-shirt, and bra, and wiggled out of her shorts and panties. Someone else might have turned off the lights, but not Crystal, she secretly hoped that someone might be watching.

Crystal reached into the box and removed her favorite vibrator, it was her largest, it didn't move in all sorts of ways, but it was very powerful, and she was going to fuck herself with it until her cunt was dripping.

She brought the tip to her lips and let her tongue lick it all over, coating it in her saliva. Her fingers were already twisting her nipples, making them stand up hard.

Crystal turned the power on low, feeling the vibrations in her hand, she slowly moved the vibe to her left nipple, touching it softly against it, she purred at the touch. She touched her right nipple, she circled it around, mmmmmmmmmm, a soft moan escaped her lips.

She again thought about the possibility of being watched, she could feel her juices starting at the mere thought.

Crystal parted her legs and slid the vibe along her pussy lips, slowly, gently, she was putting on a show, she wanted to make someone cum, she wanted a perfect stranger to be watching her with a telescope or binoculars.

Her room was well lit, her windows were wide open, maybe someone was watching, and with that thought she penetrated her cunt, shoving half of the 8 inch cock inside.

She turned the speed up, and started fucking her cunt in long deep thrust, until she had every inch deep within her wet pussy.

Her eyes were starring out the window, knowing that if someone was actually watching her, they would see her looking right at them.

She mouthed the words, I want you to watch, watch me fuck my cunt, watch me until I cum, watch me until you cum.

Her hand was moving faster, ramming the vibrator deep inside, feeling the buzzing deep within her. Crystal's ass lifted up, off the bed, she knew what was going to happen next, and it did, she squirted her cunt juices, she pulled the vibe out and another squirt came gushing out.

Crystal sat up in bed and looked straight out the window, she blew a kiss, just like she had to Mr. Anderson all those years ago, she could only hope she had an audience for the show she had just put on. 

Crystal went to the bathroom and cleaned up, she crawled into bed and turned out the light, and looked out the window at the condo across the way. Just before she closed her eyes, she saw a light go out in one of the condos, had someone been watching, she drifted off to sleep hoping so.


Watch Me Ch. 02

Crystal's eyes opened slowly, as she sat up in bed and stretched her arms over her head. She had slept so peacefully, her first night in her new condo. She sat looking out her window, admiring the view, and then thought if anyone had been admiring the view they had of her last night. She thought about the show she had put on, and hoped that someone had been watching.

Crystal climbed out of bed, she always slept in the nude, and she wondered if anyone might be watching now. She walked into the bathroom, sat down and relieved herself, and stepped into the shower. 

The water felt wonderful cascading down her body, as she rubbed the body wash on her breast. Her nipples responding to her touch, always super sensitive. Her hands moving lower, caressing her soft skin, over her stomach until her fingers found their way to her crotch.

She let her middle finger part her pussy lips and glide up and down, feeling that familiar tingle. She shoved two fingers deep inside her cunt, and brushed her thumb across her clit, again and again.

Crystal leaned against the wall of the shower, her knees buckling, as her orgasm exploded, she pulled her fingers out and sucked them into her mouth, savoring the taste of her own juices.

She finished her shower, and dried herself off, brushed her teeth and walked out to her bedroom. She pulled open her dresser drawer and selected matching bra and panties, lacy pink. She moved to her walk-in closet and chose a cute little sundress.

She sat down and put on her makeup, a little perfume, and she was set to go explore her new neighborhood. She grabbed her purse and slipped on her sandals and headed out, first stop would be the coffee shop at the corner.

As soon as she stepped outside, she could feel the gentle ocean breeze, and the sun on her face. She smiled at an older couple as they walked past her, holding hands. 

The coffee shop was just down the street, a short walk, as soon as she walked inside, the coffee aroma enveloped her. She placed her order, coffee and a bagel, and found herself a seat by the window.

As she sipped her coffee, she glanced around the room, wondering to herself if any of the customers lived across from her. There were several people on their computers, enjoying the free Wi-Fi, two well dressed women in the corner, gossiping about who knows what, and than she noticed a man, sitting alone, reading the newspaper.

He sat the newspaper down, and she got her first real good look at him. He was very handsome, about 40, a well groomed beard, brown wavy hair, and blue eyes. Their eyes met and he smiled. Crystal wondered if he might come over and join her, but he just returned to his paper.

Crystal finished her bagel, and coffee, and as she got up to leave she noticed the man had already left. When she got outside, she could see him off in the distance. He was walking towards the condo's across from hers. She thought back to the smile they shared, had he smiled because he recognized her from last night.

Crystal walked over to the beach, pulled off her sandals and walked down to the water, letting the waves splash against her feet. It was still early, only a few people were on the beach. She would have to start jogging mornings, now that she had the beach to use, she thought.

As she walked along the water’s edge, she felt like she was being watched. She looked up towards the condo, just as she did, she could see someone walking inside from their balcony. She couldn't see what they looked like, she couldn't even tell if it was a man or a woman. 

Some clouds were rolling in, she had heard the other day that there might be some early morning showers. She started walking back, and felt a few raindrops. By the time she made it back to her condo, the skies had opened up. Her sun dress was soaked to her skin, and the cool ocean breeze had picked up, causing her nipples to harden.

When the doors to the elevator opened, Crystal spotted a package by her door. She figured it must be from one of her friends, a house warming gift. She bent down, dripping wet and picked up the neatly wrapped gift, and unlocked her door.

She sat the gift down on a table, she had to get her wet clothes off, the A.C., was chilling her to the bones. She peeled off the sundress, and kicked off her sandals, reached behind her and unclasped her bra, and pulled off her panties. She ran to her bathroom and grabbed a towel to dry herself off.

She picked up the gift, and saw that there was a note attached. The note wasn't signed, it simply said, welcome to the neighborhood.

Crystal pulled the ribbon, and ripped the wrapping off, she opened the box and looked inside. She smiled as she reached inside and grabbed ahold of her gift. It was a purple, 8 inch long vibrator, with bumps all over it. She twisted the end and felt it buzz in her fingers, batteries included, how thoughtful.

She brought it to her bathroom and cleaned it thoroughly, just in case. 

She wondered if she should wait until night, before using it, but she knew she couldn't wait that long. She now was certain that someone had been watching, she had a secret admirer. 

Crystal walked out to her room, and positioned a chair facing the window. She grabbed her bottle of lube and sat down, and spread her legs wide apart. She was looking across at the other condo, trying to see if she could see anyone.

Her eyes traveled all over, up and down, every floor, but she couldn't see anyone. She might not be able to see anyone, but she felt like eyes were on her, watching her every move.

It was nice of someone to give her a gift, the least she could do was to show her appreciation by using it.

She looked out the window as she gave her new toy a kiss, and mouthed the words "Thank You," to whomever had sent the gift.

Her fingers stroked the shaft up and down, feeling all the little bumps, it was nice and thick too. She knew she would enjoy the feeling once she had it all the way inside her. She wanted to take her time, she was in no rush, she wanted to tease her gift giver. 

Crystal sat the vibrator down, and using her fingers, she played with her tits, cupping her left tit in her hand she could just barely raise it up high enough that she could lick her own nipple. Her tongue flicked across her nipple, her nipples were like gumdrops, guys always loved sucking on them. She couldn't get her lips around them, but she could lick them, and loved the way it felt.

She licked her nipples for several minutes, switching to her right nipple as well, she could already feel her excitement building.

Her mind started to wonder, was she being watched right now, was it the guy from the coffee shop, maybe someone else, maybe more than one person. Could it even be a woman watching her.

Crystal lifted her legs onto the arms of the chair, spreading herself open even wider, for all to see. She looked down at her pussy, she could already see her lips were wet.

She picked up her gift, she wouldn't need any lube, her own juices would do the trick. She twisted the end and slowly brought the toy against her skin, placing it on her thigh, letting it glide down her leg. 

It wasn't going to be easy to tease her audience, she knew that once she penetrated herself with the vibrator, she would more than likely orgasm instantly. Maybe she was teasing herself.

The feeling of the vibrator on her thigh was sensational, she moved it to her other thigh, she was almost ready to cum without even putting the vibe inside.

What was her mystery gift giver doing while she was putting on her show. She thought, are you naked also, are you masturbating while watching me. Again she thought about the possibility of it being a woman. Maybe she has a matching vibrator, maybe she will fuck her cunt when I fuck mine.

Crystal couldn't wait another second, she plunged the vibrator deep inside, and fucked herself rapidly, in and out, fast and deep, with every stroke. Her cunt gripped the fake cock, feeling the bumps against the wall of her pussy.

She twisted the speed to full power, her hand continued to shove the cock deep on every down stroke, and left only the tip inside every time she pulled out.

Crystal was shaking all over, she started cumming, she rammed the cock as deep as possible, and removed her hands from the vibe. She tossed her head back and closed her eyes, the vibe still clenched deep inside her.

Her cunt juices were dripping out of her, soaking the chair, her hands grabbed her thighs, digging her nails into her flesh. She wouldn't allow herself to touch the vibe, she held tight, as the vibe slowly slipped out of her soaking wet cunt and dropped to the floor, still buzzing, coated in her juices.

Crystal was panting, perspiration was dripping off her, her legs were burning from being spread apart for so long, and her cunt was still throbbing from the fucking she had just given herself.

She eased her legs off the arms of the chair, she was going to be sore tomorrow she thought. She sat for a while, she didn't think she could stand just yet. She reached down and picked up the buzzing vibrator and turned it off.

She looked at the clock and realized she had been playing with herself for almost an hour. She wondered how many times her gift giver had cum.

She slowly got to her feet, walked into her bathroom and drew a hot bath for herself, she needed a nice bubble bath, too bad her mystery friend couldn't see that.


Watch Me Ch. 03

Crystal woke up the next morning, her legs were still sore from the day before, being stretched apart, and hanging over the arms of the chair. But she had experienced one of her most powerful orgasms ever.

She climbed out of bed and walked into the bathroom, she normally doesn't bother taking a bath in the morning, but she really needed to soak her aching muscles. She lowered herself into the tub, and just relaxed, rubbing her legs, massaging them.

She soaked for a good half hour, until the water started getting cold, she dried herself off and got dressed.

Crystal needed her morning coffee, so she went down to the corner shop. She looked around at the customers, everybody seemed to be either busy in conversation, or busy with their computers.

She ordered her coffee and bagel, and found herself a seat, and waited for her name to be called.

When her order was ready, she hopped up to get it, and when she got back to her table, she found a note. She looked around to see if she could tell who had left it, but once again, no one was looking in her direction.

She opened the note, it read, I loved your show, call me, K. , and a phone number.

She thought back to the note that she received with the vibrator, the hand writing on this note looked different. Could she have more than one person watching her. She took her coffee and bagel with her and headed back to her condo.

Once she was in her condo, she walked over to the box that the vibrator came in, and found the note. She held them side by side, no doubt about it, they were different.

The first note had bolder pen strokes, but todays note was smoother, more like her own penmanship. Could the note she received today be from a woman.

Crystal took another look at the new note, she could just call and find out. She could block her own number, and hang up if things got strange.

The more she thought about it, why not call, she did say she liked my show, there is nothing wrong with that.

Crystal dialed the number from the note, she could hear the phone ringing, and when it stopped, a woman answered, "Hello".

Crystal paused for a moment, and than she said, "Hi, I got your note".

The woman on the phone said, "I was wondering if you would call or not, I'm glad you chose to call". Than she added, "may I ask, was the vibrator a gift from a boyfriend of yours"?

"No, it was a gift from someone who watched me, the first night I was here", Crystal replied.

"Really, so I'm not the only one watching you, and obviously you don't seem to mind being watched. Do you realize how hot you looked, fucking yourself, ramming that vibrator inside your beautiful pussy", the woman asked.

Crystal looked out her window, "are you watching me now, as we speak".

"Yes dear, you don't mind do you", came the woman's reply.

Crystal decided she wanted to see how far this would go, she wanted to see if she could get the woman hot.

"Is that all you do is watch people, maybe you would enjoy a more close up experience", Crystal waited for the woman's response.

Crystal expected the woman to hang up, but instead the woman replied, "are you inviting me over".

Crystal was trapped, she had only been playing with her, but now, who was playing with whom. The woman did sound pleasant, if nothing else she would get to meet one of her secret admirers.

"Yes, I'm in number 704, I'll be waiting", and Crystal hung up before the woman could say anything else.

About 20 minutes passed, Crystal figured the woman had been scared away, she wasn't going to show.

The doorbell rang, Crystal looked at her door, she walked towards the door quietly and looked through the peephole.

There in the hallway, stood a very attractive, slightly older woman, Crystal figured she must be in her 40's, tall, Blonde , with large breast.

Crystal reached for the door knob, and opened the door to greet her.

The woman held out her hand and said, "I'm Katherine, but my friends call me Kay", "and what's your name dear".

"Crystal, pleased to meet you Kay".

Kay than explained that she had a disadvantage over Crystal, "I know what you look like naked, now that's not really fair", and with that she removed her jacket.

Crystal could only stare at Kay, she was wearing a sexy see through teddy, her large breast, with big nipples clearly visible, and her pussy looked to be very hairy.

Kay was attractive, Crystal was a bit surprised by Kay's forwardness, but standing in front of her, she was also getting turned on.

Kay looked at Crystal, she moved closer, and placed her hand in Crystal's and raised her hand up to her breast, placing Crystal's fingers against her hardened nipples.

Kay leaned over and brought her lips to meet Crystal's, her mouth opened and she sucked the woman's tongue inside. As they kissed Crystal let her fingers caress Kay's boobs, pinching at her nipples. Crystal guided Kay into her bedroom, she sat her on the bed and continued kissing her, while still fondling her boobs.

Before long, Kay had Crystal's clothes off, and Crystal had pulled off Kay's teddy, leaving them both naked on the bed.

Crystal had experimented with girls back in college, she did enjoy the way a woman felt, and how they could touch her like a man can't. Kay was older, and she also seemed to be the one in charge.

Kay pushed Crystal down onto the bed, and wrapped her lips around Crystal's nipple, while caressing her other breast. Her hand slipped down to Crystal's pussy and she shoved two fingers deep inside of her. 

Crystal wondered if her other watcher was looking right now, this was something completely different from her past shows.

Kay worked her way down, when she reached Crystal pussy, she looked Crystal in her eyes, and said, "Honey, I'm going to eat your pussy like no one has before".

Kay removed her fingers, and pushed Crystal's cunt lips apart with her fingers and jabbed her tongue deep into her pussy, she pressed her face right into Crystal's cunt, and sucked, like a vacuum cleaner, Crystal had never felt anything like it before, she could already feel her orgasm building.

Crystal could feel Kay's tongue, wiggling around, her tongue seemed to be extra long, as it snaked deep inside her pussy. She pulled her tongue out and started licking, again she shoved two fingers inside Crystal's cunt, fucking her cunt, moving her fingers inside of her.

Kay added a third finger, fucking her roughly, she brought her lips against Crystal's clit, and clamped her lips down hard on it, pulling, tugging on her clit.

Again she pulled her fingers out of Crystal's cunt, and shoved her extra long tongue deep inside. It felt like a small cock, but it moved in a wonderful way.

Kay raised Crystal up, and shoved a finger up Crystal ass, while at the same time she started rubbing her fingers across Crystal's clit.

Crystal started bucking, her hips rising off the bed, Kay had all she could do to hold on, but she kept her tongue buried deep inside of Crystal cunt.

Crystal was cumming, juices flowing, and Kay just kept on licking, her tongue still rammed up inside her cunt, her finger still up her ass, and she continued to rub her clit. 

Kay wasn't slowing down, she was wiggling her tongue, faster and faster, her face was getting coated with Crystal's cunt juices, she didn't care, she just kept at it, waiting for Crystal to beg her to stop, until than she was going to keep on licking and fucking her.

Crystal's orgasms were not stopping, she lost count, one after the other, after the other, on and on, Kay's tongue kept up it's assault, licking her cunt raw.

She couldn't take any more, please Kay, I can't, please, oh god please, your tongue is driving me crazy.

Crystal's sheets were soaked with her juices, and she was exhausted, she rested her head on Kay's boobs, and fell asleep.

Crystal opened her eyes, Kay was sleeping next to her, she had never been licked by anyone before the way that Kay had.

Crystal looked at the clock, they had been sleeping for hours, it was now night, but her bedroom was still well lit.

Again Crystal's thoughts were filled with what the person watching had thought of what Kay had done, she wondered.

Crystal didn't want to disturb Kay, but she was hungry, and she knew that Kay must be hungry as well. She walked out to the kitchen to make something for them to eat, still naked, she loved being naked.

Crystal made omelettes, she was just about to bring them into the bedroom when she heard a knock at her door. She sat the plates down and peered out the peephole, she couldn't see anyone. She opened the door just a crack, she was still naked of course, and noticed a box. She looked up and down the hallway, and saw nobody, she reached for the box and pulled it inside.

Once she got the box inside, she noticed the note on top, same hand writing as before. The note read, you are full of surprises, well I have a surprise for you, try this on for size, I hope your friend enjoys a good fucking.

Crystal walked into the bedroom, Kay was just waking up. Crystal handed her the omelettes, and they both ate.

Crystal asked Kay if she wanted to help her with something in the living room. The two woman walked into the living room, and that's when Crystal told Kay about the knock on her door and the package.

She showed Kay the note, and told her it was from the same person who had sent her the purple vibrator.

Crystal grabbed a knife, and sliced open the box, reached in and pulled out her surprise.

Kay looked at it, from what the note says, you get to use that on me, well lets not disappoint your audience.

Crystal followed Kay back into the bedroom, "are you sure you want to try this", she asked.

Obviously he wants a show, so lets give him a good one.

"Let me help you put that on, I've had some experience with these before", Kay told her.

"I'm going to need some lube for that monster", Kay said.

Crystal handed her the lube and Kay smeared it all over.

Kay got on the bed, doggy-style, she looked over her shoulder at Crystal, and said, "it's been a while since I got fucked with a strap-on dildo, and this one is pretty big".

Crystal got on the bed behind Kay, she aimed the tip of the cock at her pussy and eased it in. She grabbed Kay's hips and gave another shove, going deeper.

Kay looked at Crystal's mirror, she could see their reflection, she could see the big cock slowly entering her cunt, she knew whoever was watching was seeing the same thing, and she felt herself getting wetter at the thought.

Kay told Crystal to fuck her, ram that cock in my cunt, lets give him a show.

Crystal pulled back, and shoved forward hard, penetrating Kay's cunt deeper, she had about 8 inches buried inside her, she didn't think she would be able to take any more.

Crystal was fucking her, just like a guy would fuck a girl, so this is what it feels like, ramming a cock in a girls cunt. She was really getting into it, she was thrusting harder, fucking deeper, she had 10 inches, she gripped Kay's hips tight and shoved all the way in, she could feel it against her own pubic mound as she ground the cock deep inside of Kay's dripping cunt.

Kay was loving it too, she started telling Crystal to fuck her cunt, give me your big hard cock, fuck me, fuck my cunt, give it to me, make me cum.

Crystal could feel her own orgasm building, Kay continued to tell her to fuck her, she was so turned on, she felt her juices trickling down her thighs.

Kay started screaming, YES,YES,YES, oh fuck meeeeeee, I'm cumming, oh god I'm cumming, don't stop, don't stop, keep on fucking me, oh god I love your cock, fuck me, fuck me, yes, yes, yes.

The two woman collapsed onto the bed, Crystal pulled the dildo out of Kay's well fucked cunt, her juices dripping of it. 

Both woman ended the show by licking the dildo clean.



