A Canoe trip To Remember
byapplevalyan©

Back in the mid 1980's Valerie, my wife of 15 years and me, my name is Darrin by the way, decided to take a trip to the panhandle of Florida to go on a canoeing trip down 'Coldwater Creek' just north of Milton Fla. We had been down this creek a couple times with friends and really enjoyed this easily paddled trip. This time we wanted to go by ourselves and possibly have a little naughty fun that day.

Valerie or I didn't wear much. Val asked me to wear my men's black bikini underwear instead of my black speedo swimsuit during our drift down the creek. She'd convinced me to wear them on a public beach near 'St. Augustine', before and it was no problem. As far as I know, no one even knew I was on a public beach in my underwear, plus they were more comfortable than my tight speedo. Over the suit I wore some old cut jean shorts and a tank-top.

I in turn suggested she wear her black string bikini bottom and a tiny white bikini top I made for her one day. The top was made from an old pillow case. It was only three inches wide at the base of the triangle and 5 inches vertically to cover her 36C breast. And it just barely did, plus it was very thin and was see-through when wet. The stings were narrow white shoe laces. That top probably wouldn't have been legal on a public beach because it showed more tit than it covered. Over her 'bikini top', she covered it up with a cut-off mans' white undershirt that ended right at the bottom of her breast. She needed to be careful when she wore just it because when she raised an arm, an entire breast and nipple would come uncovered. On the bottom she wore her old 'junk' shorts. These shorts were cut-off so short, a nice bit of ass cheek showed when she wore them and the seams on both sides were ripped all the way up to the belt-loops. She has worn these shorts in public a couple times before and has turned a few heads when she did because she refuses to wear underwear with them!



Well we made it to the canoe rental shop a little early with no problem and waited for more canoers to arrive before we loaded up. Valerie had me retie the strap around her back as loose as I could tie it but not as loose as to where it would untie by itself. The only thing keeping the triangles of her top in place was the weight of her crop top now. She knew that any quick movement now would result in a nipple getting free of one cloth covering. After about a half-hour wait, a couple pick-up trucks arrived separately with 4 guys all about 20 to 25 years of age. They didn't seem to know each other. We all loaded into a short bus pulling a trailer with our canoes on it. The four guys got on first then Valerie and me. I had noticed Val had freed one of her tits from her bikini top and her nipples were nice and hard as she headed to the bus and slowly walked past the boys on the bus to our seat. As we traveled down the road, she leaned to me and told me to untie the strings on her top. She had decided she wanted to wear her crop top only the rest of the day. I removed it and shoved it into our dry clothing bag. Val had packed only a short sundress to put on after the trip and I had packed just another pair of shorts. I was going to put the shirt and shorts I was currently wearing in the bag before we pushed off.

You should have seen those guys when they noticed Val had removed her bikini top. I didn't mention it before but Val's crop top is big on her and everytime she bends over, if you are in the right position, you can see both her tits from underneath. Well, they came into view often as we loaded our canoe. A few times she purposely reached over her head to scratch the back of her neck with would bring an entire bare tit into view. Just before we pushed off, Val turned her back to the boys and took her top off and gave me the suntan lotion so I could cover her back with it. She then made a show of lotioning up her front side as she kept her back to the boys. She put her top back on and was pulling it down as she turned around flashing all four of those guys both her tits.

All the guys pushed off as Val and I finished loading and securing our cooler and stuff then we pushed off. We had pulled away from the boat launch and had gone maybe a quarter mile and I could see the two canoes a few hundred yards ahead of us as Val removed her top and carefully slipped out of her shorts. She was now wearing only her string bikini bottom. She put her shorts in our dry clothes bag and asked for my shorts. I carefully worked them off as to not upset the canoe and gave them to her.

About a half hour later, we came around a bend in the river and found one of the canoes had beached itself. One guy was sitting in the canoe and the other guy was unseen. Val calmly waved to him as I asked if everything was alright. He said his friend was in the trees taking a crap. I noticed his eyes never left my nearly naked wife. A short while later, those two guys were coming up from behind us fast, I figured that would happen. I knew they wanted to get another look at Val's tits. I told her that they were coming and all she said was that she thought that would happen and that she didn't care if they wanted to get another look at her tits. She then surprised me when she said she had decided she didn't care if they hung around a looked at them all day because she thought it would be fun to show them her tits all day and so she had decide not to put her top back on until we reached the unloading dock.

Well that is exactly what happened. They caught up with us and asked if we minded if they stayed with us. I think Val's answer surprised them, "I don't care if you hang around. Even if it is just to look at my tits. I like having them looked at and showing them off." We all beached our canoes an hour or so later and took a break to stretch our legs, go for a swim in the nice cool water and have a couple sandwiches. I could tell Val was enjoying herself by the way she giggled and flirted with those guys. We loaded backup and pushed off again after again reapplying the suntan lotion. I spent extra times putting lotion on Val's tits as the guys watched, and as Val mentioned to me, they were both sporting large bulges. I then pulled down the back of Val's bikini bottom and lotioned up her her exposed ass as the guys watched and while Val's backside was facing the guys, I sipped my hand down the front and found she had a nice wet pussy. She moaned and gave me a kiss as I gave her a quick finger fuck. Val then had fun rubbing the lotion all over me too.

We drifted slowly again for about an hour until Val said she was getting hot and wanted to take another dip. We beached our canoes on a wide sandy beach. Val surprised me when she took off her bikini bottoms and walked away from us showing all her cute bare ass. I quickly decided to join her and removed my suit and joined her in the creek naked. She quickly took my cock in her hand and said, "I see you got my message about me being hot. I want you to fuck me here and now. I don't care if they want to watch. I want them to know that I'm getting fucked in front of them. And if you don't do me good, I may have to let one or both of them fuck me too."

As I slipped my hard cock into her hot pussy, I think I surprised her as I said, "I think I'd like to see that." Her eyes got big and then she moaned and kissed me hard and long. Val had her back to them as I fucked her so I motioned them closer. We had made pillow talk a few times of me letting another man fuck her as I watched and she always seemed to get off on it but it has never had a chance to happen before. Val is an exhibitionist and loves to let strange men see her naughty bits but has only let one guy touch her since we got married. She let a friend of our play with her tits one evening after we played a game of strip poker at our house.

Val was leaning back away from me as I pounded into her when the first of the guys got there. He reached around her and cupped both her tits. Her eyes shot open, she looked at me, then looked down at the hands cupping her tits, and then looked back at me as I smiled and nodded to her. She smiled at me and said, "Oh yea, fuck yea!" I then slipped out of her and turned her to face him. Since we were standing in waist deep water, Val reached down and pulled off his shorts with him helping her. He tossed his shorts towards the beach. Val wrapped her legs around him and grabbed his dick and guided it where she wanted it. That was the first time I ever seen her with another man. I kissed her and told her to enjoy him. I led the other guy to the beach and told him to get naked and lie down on his back on the sand because as soon as Val was finished with his friend, I thought she would want to come over and ride him. When that guy dropped his shorts, I was surprised. Val was going to have another fantasy fulfilled. This guy was hung. He had to be at least 10 inches long and 2 to 2 1/2 inches across. I'm only 7 inches and Val has always told me I had the biggest cock she had ever seen and that I was the only man she had ever fucked.

I looked over at Val and she was in the middle of her orgasm. They stopped moving and Val slipped off and turned around towards me. When she seen what was waiting for her, she stopped and stared a second then a big smile came across her face as she walked up to me and gave me a big sloppy kiss and telling me thank you. I then took her hand and led her to her next adventure. I held her hand as she stood over the monster cock and then knelt over it. I continued to hold her hand as she took hold of it in her other hand and lined it up with her freshly fucked pussy. She slowly worked it in and she excitedly told me how big it felt that she was surprised she had gotten it all in. Val started to ride that cock like there was no tomorrow. She told me later that she wasn't going to stop riding that thing until he filled her full of his cum. She said a thousand people could have come by and watched and she wouldn't have cared. I quickly grabbed my phone and took pictures of Valerie getting fucked. By this time, the other guy had walked up next to Val and she was playing with his cock as she rode the big one. I was able to get a couple pictures of her putting it in her mouth and sucking on it as she fucked the other guy.

I could resist the urge and brought my cock up to Val's face on the other side, she didn't hesitate to wrap her mouth around my cock and almost swallow it whole, and then she went back and forth between our two cocks. I wanted to cum so bad in her mouth but I wanted to fuck that sloppy cunt of hers' even more and it took all my willpower to pull out of her mouth. I could tell she wanted my cum but I told her I wanted her sloppy pussy when big cock finished with her. Finally they both came and Val crawled off him and got on all fours and I slipped my cock into the biggest, wettest, and hottest pussy I had ever been in and it felt great! The first guy got on the ground in front of Val and she quickly swallowed his cock again as I pounded her from behind. It only took us both a minute to unload inside her. Valerie was exhausted so we helped her back into the creek and I helped her cleaned up. The guys and I got dressed but Val wanted to stay naked as long as she could. We didn't want to stop her.

Val got dressed less than a ¼ mile for the get out. Well, if you call cut-off top and bikini bottoms dressed. We liked it! Val made sure her top was soaking wet when she put it on so she could show off in a wet top in public parking lot before we left. I got everything loaded in the car and then Val stripped naked in the parking lot and pulled on just her very short sundress in front of about 10 people before she got in the car and we drove off back to the motel we had stayed at last night and were staying at tonight.

On the way to the motel, we talked about what she did and how she felt about it. She said she never thought she would ever be such a slut but that she did enjoy it but didn't think she would ever do something like that again, even though it was fun. She claimed she was joking with me when she told me she would fuck one of those guys but when I pulled out of her and gave me to the first guy, she was so horny from my fucking she had to have his cock. Then when she finished with him she felt ashamed of what she had just done but when she seen me standing there with my hard-on, standing next to that big cock, she lost control and her pussy took over. She had to have that big cock inside her and me standing there next to her and helping her mount him made her feel so much love for me, that she lost any shame she had and all she had was lust for cock, any cock at that time. Plus when I told her that I wanted to have sex with her after she was filled with cum of other men, she would have done anything I wanted because she loved me so much.

We passed an adult store on our way back to the motel and made a stop. Val made a purchase of a large 12 inch dildo and and a smaller 6 incher. She also lifted her dress to show her pussy and ass to a couple customers while we were there.

Val stayed naked all evening and night once back in the motel and the next day during the drive home, she had her sundress if she needed to get dressed. She did the nude walk to the vending machines twice that night, her idea not mine. And let's just say, a lot of truckers seen a lot of my wife on the trip back home and she showed a few of them her new large dildo, as she used it! My Valerie has really turned into an exhibitionist slut!!!

We now use her dildos often in the bedroom. Val loves her big dick in her pussy, her smaller one up her ass, and my cock in her mouth all at the same time. She says she wished we had tried that at the creek that afternoon, she is sure she would have enjoyed three hot, hard, cocks in her at the same time!

