Woke Up On My Lawn Covered In Cum
by sexy23luvchic

Girls night out gets out of control.

I've been sneaking out of my house to go off on wild sexy adventures with my two best girlfriends ever since I entered high school, in 9th grade. One of our favorite activities was to go sneak into clubs downtown. We've always looked older than our age and to slip by the bouncers, we'd find two single guys (they were always willing) and pretend to be their dates just to get inside. I turned 18 over the summer between 11th and 12th grade, and we celebrated my birthday at one of my favorite clubs. We didn't have fake IDs or anything, but we could always count on coaxing some guys to buy us our drinks for us. Anyway, we had been there for about twenty minutes, long enough for us to have downed a few drinks and we hit the dance floor together, all three of us, kind of half-drunkenly grinding against each other in an effort to garner some male attention.

Not too long after, we were approached by an attractive guy in his early 20s and his slightly less attractive, though still perfectly handsome friend. They came carrying several bottles of corona and told us they were for us. We thanked them and agreed to dance with them and so the three of us girls started dancing with the two guys and it was pretty hot and we got pretty into it. After a while we took a break and all sat down and they bought us more drinks and we chatted amongst ourselves about all sorts of stuff. They introduced themselves as Mike and Bret, Mike being the hotter of the two. As we talked, the conversation drifted from mundane, everyday topics to our personal lives. We ended up disclosing all sorts of stuff like that we were all single, around 18, and none of us were virgins, and it was obvious they were interested in us. Not wanting to get in too deep, and realizing it was getting kind of late, we professed that we really should be going. They both readily offered us all rides home if we wanted, and my friends politely declined, saying they were just going to take the subway back, but I agreed to let Mike drive me home because I didn't feel like walking all the way to the station and he was pretty cute anyway.

So I said goodbye to my friends as we departed and I followed Mike out of the club and to his car. On the way to the car he kept telling me how hot I looked and how nice my outfit was. I was wearing this cute gold sparkly dress. It was pretty short at the bottom, falling about 6 inches below my waist, and the top, although a snug fit, showed considerable cleavage amongst its seemingly loose folds of fabric. During the ride, while he drove he kept glancing over to me and smiling and talking to me about all sorts of things. I was a somewhat drunk, I guess, but I laughed and answered all his questions. I loved all the attention I was getting, especially when he started commenting on how my dress "accentuated my lovely chest," saying my boobs were the perfect size. He asked me what my bra size was and I laughingly told him that I don't always wear a bra, but that when I do, I wear a 34b, adding that my boobs look bigger since I'm only 5'1" and 110 lbs. He said that he likes smaller sized boobs like mine better than big ones, especially since they're real. At the next red light he turned to me and stared at my chest for a few seconds before asking, "I can't tell. Are you wearing a bra under that dress?"

"No," I replied sheepishly grinning.

"I'm impressed," he confided, "Most girls your age don't do that. At the club it's mostly the single ladies in their thirties that can't admit their past their prime who go braless." I just grinned, unsure of what to say.

I'm not sure I believe you that you're braless," he continued, "You might have to prove it to me." I told him he could feel my boobs through my dress and feel that there was no bra. With his right hand, he reached out and groped at me for almost a minute before finally concluding that my dress was too thick and he still couldn't tell. "Yeah, right," I joked, laughing, "Sure you can't tell."

"Maybe if I could feel a little more?" he asked, "I would be able to tell." I laughed and let him go back to fondling me through my shirt. I noticed his hands creeping towards the seam of my shirt and trying to slip under but I didn't stop him. Soon I felt his hands caressing my bare breasts under my top and fondling my nipples and I was enjoying every moment of it. I felt him start to pull down my top and a moment later my bare boobs were on display. He grinned, and said I was right about being braless. I jokingly told him that "I told you so."

After several moments with my boobs on display, I started to pull my dress back up but stopped me and said not to bother, because he was still enjoying the view, and in my drunken state I thought that was such a cute thing to say and so I just left my boobs on display for the rest of the car ride. The thrill of being exposed topless and felt up by a stranger in his car was making me really horny and wet and I guess he noticed a little wet spot on the hem of my dress where I had tucked it between my legs to cover up while I was sitting that I wasn't wearing panties either (haha).

"You're dress seems kind of wet," he remarked, amused. I think he knew what was going on.

"Whats up with that? You better not have pissed in my car."

I made up a story about how I must have spilled one of my drinks on it back at the club and he offered to dry it off for me at the next red light. When we stopped next, he leaned over and started blowing air out his mouth onto the hem of my dress to dry it off. Since the wet spot was right above my pussy, his blowing felt really good, and frankly just made me wetter. He said that the best thing to do was to pull it up and let it dry by itself now, so I that my body wouldn't be touching it. I was a little concerned about doing that since I wasn't wearing any panties underneath, so I asked him if he was sure if that was the best method and he said he was positive. At the next light he helped me hike up my dress to about my navel and told me to sit back against the seat to keep it pinned up there. I blushed when I looked down and saw that not only were my boobs exposed, but I was now sitting completely naked from the belly button down.

He assured me that there was no reason to be anxious, because I looked really hot like that and he commented on how nice my navel piercing was and how clean shaven I kept my crotch area. He asked me if I had ever touched myself down there and I sheepishly answered yes, that I do it quite often. He then asked me if I would show him how I like to masturbate, and I was really embarrassed, but I decided that I was so exposed already that what was the big deal at this point. Or maybe it was just the alcohol talking. Haha.

So I gently started to stroke my outer pussy lips and soon my clit became engorged and I began to pay special attention to my hood. As I kept on going, I got more and more into it and found myself forgetting about where I was and that I had an audience. I began to breathe more rapidly and my moans of pleasure became more vocal. I was so horny already that it wasn't too long that I became solely focused on trying to climax. As I felt myself growing close, I started using one finger to penetrate my pussy while I used the other hand to feverishly rub my clit. As I felt my pleasure building up, I switched to using two fingers to push in and out of my pussy, and then three! I was almost there! I started roughly kneading my tits with one hand while I shoved my three fingers in and out of my pussy like a maniac as I erupted in a massive climax.

When I came down from my orgasmic high, I noticed a considerable puddle of my juices on the black leather seat underneath my pussy. Mike leaned over to kiss me and he said that what I had just done was the hottest thing he'd ever seen. I was flattered. But he reminded me that I was going to have to wipe up the mess I made in his car for him. When we stopped, I asked Mike what I should use to wipe it up, since I didn't see any towels or anything in the car. He looked around under the seats for something, but didn't see anything either, so he told me to just take my dress off and use that. When the car stopped at the next light, I unbuckled, pulled the dress completely off, and buckled up again. I told him that I'd finish the job if he pulled over. So he turned off on a side street and stopped the car and I got out naked on my hands and knees on the seat with my bare ass and pussy staring him right in the face and I used my dress to mop up the mess I made. I had just finished wiping it up when I lost my balance and fell back onto his lap in the driver's seat. Mike just laughed, called me a klutz, and sweetly grabbed my ass and caressed it all the way down to my thighs. I softly moaned in pleasure and he stealthily slipped his hand under me to stroke my pussy. It felt really good and he took my moaning as a sign to begin thrusting his fingers in and out of my pussy while he kissed my neck. As he did so, I helped him out of his shirt and leaned back against his sexy, muscular chest and let him fondle me to another intense orgasm there on his lap.

I finally looked up at the car clock and saw that it was getting late so, I told him I needed to get home. We traded numbers and we agreed to meet again sometime. I asked him if he would continue driving me home, but he said he would as long as I stayed naked for the rest of the ride on his lap so I giggled and swung my legs over so I was on his lap facing straight ahead and as he drove home. All the way home, I could feel his boner in his pants pressing and rubbing against my naked pussy, and it was making me wet all over again. He told me that I was getting his pants wet from all my pussy juices dripping out, and that I better fix the situation. I laughed and repeated his line about letting the pants dry away from his skin. He told me I should help him with that since he was driving, so I unbuckled his pants and pulled them down to his knees. I was greeted with the sight of his boxers, elevated like a tent from his raging boner. I gingerly pulled out his cock from his boxers and straddled stood it upright, pointing towards the opening of my pussy as I straddled his lap. After a few attempts, I found my opening and guided him inside. Slowly, I lowered myself onto his cock until I felt my bare ass touch brush against his pubic hair. Slowly I started to pick up speed and soon I was feverishly riding his cock on his lap while he drove. Every so often he'd tell me to stop because he was getting too close to cumming and he wanted to save it until we got all the way back. When this happened, I would just sit there straddling him, with his cock buried deep inside me, just waiting for him to give me the "all-clear" signal to resume.

We made it back to my house just before 5 am and neither of us had cum yet so we stayed in the car in the same position, and he moved his seat all the way back and had me lean forward and grab onto the steering wheel so he could help pump his cock into me and not just have me do all the work. Pretty soon I felt myself getting ready to climax and I told him to pump faster. For a minute or two we fucked like jackrabbits until my orgasm erupted with such intensity that I nearly fainted. He told me he was about to cum too, so he made me disembark his cock and climb back to the passenger side. He then climbed over to join me so he was now kneeling next to me and he started rapidly beating off his cock, which was pointed right at me. I decided to help him out and I engulfed his thick cock in my mouth and used my other hand to rub it. It wasn't long like this until he told me he wanted to cum all over my face and tits. I guess it's because I was drunk, but I said he could.

He pulled his cock out of my mouth and let it erupt all over my face, hair, neck, and boobs and it felt all warm and nice against my skin when he opened the car door and I felt the cool night air rush in. Covered and dripping with cum everywhere, I stumbled out of the car onto my front lawn, my dress balled up under my arm, and I started walking up tipsily toward my front door. As I walked I heard him drove off behind me. I'm not sure what happened next, but I think I must have passed out there on my lawn from all the booze because when I woke up the next morning, I found myself naked, hung over, and covered in cum with my dress nearby on the grass. And to make matters worse, or funnier depending on your point of view, when I opened my eyes I was greeted to the sight of the whole neighborhood crowded around staring at me. I was not looking to what my mother would say. Fuck. Here she comes now, storming out from the crowd. Shit.
