Was Showing Myself Off Addictive?
By Cleevedreams

Wanting others to watch me was addictive.

When I admitted to a close friend a few years ago that one of my fantasies was 'to be watched,' little did I know that it would become reality.

For a seemingly respectable 'mature' woman to have such thoughts, let alone admit them to someone other than a lover, was quite a thing, and perhaps the way it came about was, like so many things in life, a product of one's life experiences.

And so to the beginning, and the beginning was the 'first time.'

When Jimmy and I crept nervously into his bedroom while his parents were at work, neither of us had had full sex before. It was a bit of a disaster. I was frightened of possibly being caught if they came home early, Jimmy was over excited, and was not used to condoms, and when he eventually began the good bit he finished too quickly.

It did get better the next time, but I hated the idea of someone walking in on us.

When Jimmy was allowed the use of his dad's car the only problem was where to park up. Fortunately we didn't have to drive far to get into the countryside, and despite the infrequency of those evenings when we borrowed it, we got very used to enjoying our new found freedom.

I was still nervous about being seen, but away from our parents it seemed exciting and daring. And then one late summer evening we were parked in the gateway to a field, down a country lane, and we were both completely engrossed in kissing and fondling. I'd unzipped Jimmy's jeans and was stroking him. He had his hand underneath my skirt, tugging my panties down slightly, and he had his fingers about to slide inside me, when I saw a movement in the wing mirror.

I remember saying, "Fuck," which was unusual, I never swore, but the movement was the farmer walking along the other side of the hedge towards the gate. We both froze, he looked directly at me and chuckled, before walking on across the field, accompanied by his sheepdog.

It killed any passion, and Jimmy drove straight off with his limp cock hanging out of his jeans.

I remembered two things about that. The shock of being caught, but also the excitement of someone seeing us.

Moving on several years when I met my first husband Mike, we had great sex. Like all new relationships we experimented and got to know our bodies much better. At first it was exciting, and during the summer together we used to have sex outside.

There were fields close to where he lived and making love in a cornfield was exciting as long as we managed to take a blanket with us. One day the farmer was harvesting so we detoured the fields and Mike told me he knew of somewhere that was away from all the farm work that was going on.

When I saw the railway track I said to him that surely we'd be seen if a train came past. He reassured me that the trains were hourly and when one passed by I relaxed and soon we were exploring each other, lying in the long grass.

I must have been particularly horny that day because it wasn't long before Mike was inside me. My legs were wrapped around him, he was thrusting himself into me, and very soon I was asking him not to stop.

When I heard the sound of the approaching train I was too far gone to worry. The thought of the train passengers looking out of their windows and seeing us having it off, actually thrilled me, so when it passed, and the driver sounded the train's horn I had an incredible orgasm.

Mike was laughing and still inside me when I told him what a bastard he was, but the excitement I felt was not caused by just my orgasm, it was the thought of being watched.

When my marriage ended, and the messy divorce was over, I found myself living in my house on a very average road in the suburbs of my town. My kids had grown up, and although they had been to uni and partly lived at home, I was very alone in an emotional sense.

There were a few relationships, some brief, some regretful, none totally satisfying.

I got on with life, I had a reasonable job, but often found myself lying in bed at night after a couple of glasses of wine, turning to my little electric friend to bring me some relief.

Most of my neighbours were very friendly, they'd lived there for years. The Thomsons next door, the Patels on the other side, and Mr and Mrs Langley opposite. Mr Langley, Vic, often took in parcels from Amazon or Royal Mail, if they arrived while I was at work. I knew he fancied me a bit, and I'm afraid I used to play along with that. Looking at his wife Audrey, I think he needed a boost.

Anyway, my 'hidden' fantasy resurfaced in the autumn, a couple of years ago.

I saw Vic and Audrey one Saturday morning as we were both getting into our cars. We had a brief chat and Audrey told me that they were just off to buy paint at the diy store because they were about to decorate their bedroom. She was moaning because they were moving into the back bedroom and she was having to sleep in another bed.

I'd forgotten all about our conversation until that evening. I saw Vic taking down the curtains in his bedroom opposite, and saw the step ladders and him stripping off the old wallpaper.

I hated Saturday nights, I was alone in the house, there was absolute rubbish on the tv, and so I opened a bottle of Malbec and tried to read a book.

I couldn't settle and went onto my iPad, opening up the website where I'd met my last 'failed' romance. When I saw his image come up, and saw the latest version of his profile I heard myself saying aloud, "The bastard!"

Quickly flicking off that, I thought how sad I was talking to myself.

The wine was taking effect when I went onto a semi pornographic website actually designed for women. It was click bait for women like me, nice hunky men having semi explicit sex with mature women like me. It did what it said on the tin, and I felt myself becoming quite aroused.

I spoke to myself again.

"Fuck Jenny, you're so sad!"

Curled up on the sofa I was fidgeting, and I decided to go up for an early night. It was nearly ten 'o clock, very early for me to go to bed, but I needed relief.

I checked everything was switched off, and locked up, and climbed the stairs. The landing light was on, then just as I stepped into my bedroom, I saw Vic still working in his bedroom opposite. He was halfway up a ladder. The room looked bare, and a naked lightbulb hung down illuminating the room.

What made me stand and watch I'm not sure, but I didn't turn on my bedroom light. I stepped inside the room and realised that he could probably see my silhouette from the landing light behind me.

I walked towards the window and pulled one curtain across. With half an eye on Vic, I pulled the other curtain across and noticed him stop, and stare across the road. There was no other reaction, except that I knew he'd seen me. I was just surprised that he was still working that late into the evening.

Something inside me flicked a switch. Very deliberately I took both curtains and left a gap of about a foot between them. I knew exactly what I was doing, and I felt a thrill permeate right through me.

I left the landing light on and turned around, standing in the centre of the room facing away from the window. Slowly I unbuttoned my blouse and let it slip from shoulders.

Of course I had no actual idea as to whether he was watching me, I was still facing inwards. I unzipped my jeans, and holding onto the wardrobe I slid them down and stepped out of them. The window sill was unusually low, and if he was watching he would be able to see my bra, and my panties, and down as far as my knees.

Taking a deep breath I unfastened my bra and threw it on the bed. By now my breathing was rapid and I could feel my pussy warming.

I'd gone far enough, I decided I had to know if he'd been watching so I spun around, exposing my breasts and stepped towards the curtains to pull them together.

I had enough time before I closed them to see him still halfway up his ladder staring across at me.

I chuckled, and couldn't get rid of the smile while I went to the bathroom and got ready for bed. Just before I got into bed I turned off the landing light and crept over to the window to peek out. Yes, he was still there, I guessed hoping to see if I reappeared.

As my fingers found their way down my body, I was excited about exposing myself to him. I used my arousal to lubricate my fingers. My clit was so sensitive that I tried to delay what I needed to happen. There was no need for any toys that night, I just exploded, my whole body lifting off the bed when I came.

I felt a bit guilty next day, and I knew it would be awkward when I saw Vic next time. He must have felt awkward too because I saw him back up the ladder in the bedroom, but avoiding my glance when I went out to my car.

He was a bit braver when I got back from posting a birthday card. He waved, and I returned the acknowledgment.

It was a Sunday alone again. I spoke to both my daughters on the phone before doing some tidying up in the garden. As I tipped a load of leaves into the bin at the front I heard Vic's voice.

Hi there Jenny, hard at work?"

I knew it was just a greeting to see my reaction.

"Yes, just tidying up, how's the decorating going?"

"Ok thanks," he replied, "my legs are killing me though, being up a ladder, I'm not used to it."

"You were working quite late?"

I was in mischievous mode now, I wanted him to react to my flirting. He stumbled over his words.

"Yes... Audrey's putting the err... pressure on... she wants her proper bed back."

"Take your time," I whispered back, "I'm sure if you work late, you'll get it done."

I think both of us knew we'd better not continue the 'edgy' conversation, however, I knew he would be up his ladder later!

Sure enough by seven 'o clock he was there.

I was trying hard to make myself behave. I just had a single glass of wine, and by half past eight I was relaxing answering a couple of emails.

Just as I was about to turn on the tv, an email notification arrived from the dating site I'd been on. I couldn't resist seeing who had 'liked' me, it seemed it was always someone weird.

But Simon seemed ok, in fact he looked a bit good! On impulse I liked him back, and within minutes he'd sent a message asking if I wanted to 'chat' online.

I saw no harm in it, and we'd only been talking for just over an hour before I'd fixed to have coffee with him at lunchtime next day. It turned out to be the start of something good for a change, but I didn't know it then.

I was feeling better about myself when I suddenly remembered my 'adventure' with Vic the previous evening. It was ten thirty, I couldn't believe that he would still be decorating.

I looked out of the lounge window and sure enough he was there, looking like he was painting the ceiling.

Going upstairs I was resisting the temptation to tease, I was trying to get into sensible mode.

I turned on the bedroom light and walked over to pull the curtains. I was clearly visible that night and Vic actually waved. I felt I had to respond so I waved back.

When I tugged both curtains across, the temptation got me again. The fact that I was only allowing a restricted view of me made me braver, so I left the twelve inch gap.

This time though I left the bedroom light on, fully illuminating the room.

I disappeared into the bathroom and ran the shower. The hot water seemed to make my whole body glow. I was thinking of this guy Simon and our coffee date, and I was thinking of Vic across the road. I soaped myself, trying to avoid too much stimulation, but by the time I'd finished, my pussy was fully alive.

Standing in the en-suite I pondered if I ought to go through with it. Poor old Vic was so expectant it seemed a shame to disappoint, but what was I cultivating?

I wrapped the towel around me and stepped back into the bedroom. I could see from across the room the narrow band of window between the two curtains and although Vic's bedroom window was not lit now, I could see his figure illuminated by a light from further inside the house.

I felt a bit like a stripper, I knew my body wasn't perfect, but the shiver that ran through me was tangible.

I pulled the towel away from my body, and let it drop to the floor, I didn't want to appear as though I was definitely exposing myself to him so I moved to one side, pretending I was picking something up, and then I moved back, across his vision, letting him see the whole of my body, at least down to my knees. Finally I went to the curtain and briefly opened them just a fraction more, and then closed them completely.

"Fuck!" I felt exhilarated, my body was trembling, and my pussy glowed. Reaching into my bedside drawer I found my toy. It had rescued me so many times on lonely nights, but never like this. In just a matter of minutes I found myself moaning out loud, stretched out across the bed naked, with my damp hair soaking the pillow, and cumming twice in quick succession.

I slept like a top, and got up a bit earlier to make myself look good for coffee with Simon. I'd resigned myself to him not being the way he appeared, it had happened so often before, so when he sat down beside me my whole world changed.

He was good looking, charming, intelligent, and had wonderful eyes. When he asked if he could see me again, I gave him my mobile number and I was on cloud nine.

Not much work was done for the rest of the day, and when he texted me that evening my day was complete. When he suggested we 'Skype' each other I agreed straight away.

We had so much in common, a failed marriage, similar interests, and he flirted deliciously. At 1am in the morning we both realised how long we'd been chatting.

"Would you like to go out for a meal tomorrow evening?" was the icing on the cake. I accepted immediately and the whirlwind had begun.

The meal was a blur, I don't even remember what I had to eat, but when it was time to go I knew exactly where the evening would end up.

When Simon pulled up outside my house, I asked the inevitable old cliche, "Would you like to come in for coffee?"

Actually we both burst out laughing, and my laugh was stifled by our first kiss. It felt good, not a long kiss, but it made me want more. As I fumbled for my front door key I was conscious of Simon's closeness behind me, and it excited me.

Gallantly he offered to help with the coffee and followed me into the kitchen. The coffee never got made, he touched my shoulder just as I flicked the switch on the coffee machine. I turned and we kissed again.

My arms went up around his neck, his hands gently gripping my waist, and the kiss went on and on. Gently at first, little kisses, him sucking my lower lip, then me his, until we both explored the other with our tongues.

When we broke apart we were both a bit breathless, and his eyes drew the response he wanted.

"Do you want to stop the night?" I asked timidly, not really wanting rejection.

"If you're ready for that, it's been rather quick?"

Simon was being too thoughtful, I just wanted him. When he realised that, he followed me upstairs and for the first time in a long time I went to bed with a man.

The first time we made love it was a little fast and furious, and he came too soon, but after we lay there kissing and exploring each other I was surprised to feel his desire again. This time I was more relaxed and so was he. I found myself cumming in the darkness and suddenly aware from the moonlight that I'd not closed the curtains.

Vic, across the road, came to mind, but I couldn't imagine he'd be up at 1.30am in the morning. When the dawn light hinted outside, I got up to go to the bathroom and closed them together.

"Do you have to be in work today?" Simon asked when I got back into bed.

"Afraid so, but I can ring in and say I'll be late today?"

I looked down at him, and he had a mischievous glint in his eye.

"That would be good," then hesitating he added, "wouldn't it?"

I smiled and leaned forward to kiss him, at the same time guiding my hand down towards his cock.

"It certainly would," I replied as I felt him start to get harder. It only took a little massaging before it stood erect, and as he reached towards me I pushed him back down.

"You stay there," I said in my most determined voice, and drawing my knees up under me, I hitched one leg over him and with my fingers guided him inside me.

"Ohhhh... mmmmmm... that feels good."

His hands reached up, cupping my breasts, as I sank down on him, just resting there, his cock deep inside me.

His finger tips played with my nipples, at first stroking over them, circling them, then squeezing them gently.

My hands reached down and did the same to him, smiling as we both enjoyed similar sensations. And then I began to move my hips, and I saw him close his eyes briefly. I squeezed my pussy muscles and he moaned imperceptibly.

Looking up I saw our reflection in the half open door of the wardrobe mirror, and it thrilled me, seeing myself riding him, and our hands exploring each other. It fed my fantasy of being watched, but I was watching myself.

"Look there's another couple in here," I whispered, and Simon turned his head to see the reflection himself.

"Is that one of your kinks?"

He said it in a jokey way, but it felt odd that on the first night we'd slept together he was talking about kinkiness. But it was true, the thought sent a little shiver up my spine.

"Stop it," I replied and rose up and down on his cock. His remark was forgotten and the bed became our playground once again. He fought me off and threw me on my back before we both came again. I watched our reflection for a few brief moments catching our breath and sinking back into the mattress.

Eventually reality returned and I rang in to say I'd be in around ten 'o clock. Simon left before nine, and I couldn't help noticing Vic watching him drive off. Inevitably there was a comment made, but not until I got back home that evening.

"Got a parcel for you," he came over minutes after I got through the front door.

"Oh thanks Vic, I don't know what I'd do without you, I hate having to go all the way to collect it."

"No problem," he replied.

"How's the decorating going?" I felt I had to ask.

"Not too bad, just got the wallpapering to go, back on the ladder again!"

"Well at least Audrey will be happier."

"Hmmmmmm, yes," he said doubtfully.

"Anyway I must get on, I've got someone coming over."

Vic couldn't help himself, "Oh yes, the young man."

I put on my 'Nosey Parker' face and replied sharply, "You've been looking out that window too much Vic!"

Even as I said it I realised it was another innuendo.

"Sorry I didn't mean to pry, but I do keep an eye out for you."

I smiled, trying not to compound the comment, "Well, thank you, it's good to know someone is."

Closing the door, I told myself that I was just an inveterate flirt, no matter who or what the situation was.

Simon was coming to see me again. He'd texted me several times with suggestive messages and I found myself replying with equally intimate ones. When I asked him over again he took no persuading. In an hour and a half I had the bed sheets changed, I was showered, and had put on a sexy dress. With some cold pasta out of the fridge as a snack I was ready by the time he arrived.

When I opened the front door we kissed, and I couldn't help noticing Vic was up his ladder opposite.

Once inside Simon commented on my dress, a black jersey dress which was a bit 'clingy' but I always felt good in it.

"Coffee or wine?" I asked.

"Coffee for me if I'm driving," and then he laughed, "but make sure I get it tonight!"

He did get it, we sat on stools in the kitchen and we talked about this and that. We were taking our time before we both knew the inevitable would happen. It was actually hastened when I stood up to refill the coffee mugs and Simon stroked his hand across my buttocks.

"You have the most delicious ass!" he said, not allowing me to get away, "I find it temptation itself."

As he continued stroking it I stepped between his open thighs.

"Really? you're easily satisfied, last night you were touching all sorts of places."

The kiss sealed both our fates. In minutes we were undressing even before we got into the bedroom. As Simon pushed me back onto the bed, he fell to his knees at the side of the bed and thrust his face between my thighs.

"Oh god!" I cried out, this was something that he hadn't done before and he was a master at it. His tongue swept over my clit, lapping away at my juices and when he sucked me gently, I was a quivering wreck.

"Oh go on, go on," I moaned, and he did, until I came, bucking and shouting out loud.

"Oh fuck," I eventually sighed as he pushed himself up onto the bed. I'd barely come down from my first orgasm when he slid inside me.

"Simon, god you're a devil."

As he lifted himself up above me, his arms supporting himself, I saw the desire in his face. When he began to move his hips, I moaned once again, closing my eyes and turning my head to one side as he lowered his head to kiss my neck.

When I briefly opened my eyes my heart missed a beat.

When I'd been getting dressed earlier, I'd left the wardrobe door open, and I'd opened the curtains again afterwards. There in the reflection of the mirror was the clear view of Vic on his ladder opposite.

"You ok?" Simon whispered in my ear as he kissed my neck and continued to move inside me.

"Yes... oh yes... don't stop," I managed to say it as I stared into the mirror.

Vic could see, almost as clear as day, illuminated from the light on the landing outside the bedroom, both of us on the bed naked.

I couldn't stop looking. Vic was frozen halfway up his ladder, staring back at us.

I shuddered, this was my fantasy, someone was watching me have sex.

In moments I was cumming again, Simon was thrusting deep inside me, I was clutching at his back, and then I heard him grunt. The feeling of him jerking inside me, and the sight of Vic watching us, made my orgasm go on and on. Even when Simon rolled aside I was still excited.

Suddenly I saw Vic turn off the light in his bedroom, but I knew he was probably still there in the dark.

I lay there, not daring to move, should I get up and close the curtains, or just stick a leg out and push the wardrobe door. I did neither, and I still didn't change anything when I made love to Simon again.

I'd found my ideal lover, but I'd found my taste for exhibitionism once again.
