Shy Wife's First Exposure
byttlvr©

So, some of you know my wife Jessica. She is petite, helpful, beautiful and probably has taught some of your younger children in her job as an elementary school teacher.

For those of you who don't know her, she danced her way through high school, a better than average ballerina. She still has that fit, small, lean body and she draws a lot of eyes everywhere we go. I love that and for years I've tried to get her to be a little less modest, maybe go for the bikini instead of the one piece, show a little skin when we go to the beach with other families etc. She is amazingly modest and refuses. It makes me crazy.

It turns out that she was raised pretty religious and modesty was deeply instilled in her from a young age. It's amazing that I managed to talk her out of her clothes when we were in college. Alcohol probably helped there.

So years go by, and I'm resigned that my perverted desire to show off my wife will go unfulfilled when something interesting happened on a thanksgiving trip.

We had moved several cities away from the home of her mother, stepfather and slightly older brother, and we made plans to go visit over the thanksgiving break. Amusingly they had kept her old bedroom just as it had been and we were going to sleep there.

Jessica is from a small town, everybody knows everybody else, and many of her old class mates and church friends still lived there, so she looked forward to the trip back.

We had a few days to stay at her childhood home, and on day one, it was quite the gathering. Her brother was back, staying in his old room, and he had assembled quite the gathering of his old high school friends to hang out late into the night, visiting and playing cards. It was a smallish house, so we were crowded in there.

Eventually, Jessica, who usually gets up pretty early announced that she needed to go to bed. Her childhood bathroom was down the hall and she hit it for a while to get ready for bed, and because of the crowd of her brother's friends, (all her age or one year older) she stayed fully dressed, planning to change into her sleep shirt in the privacy of her room.

I wasn't playing cards, but I was just lounging around, knowing that I wouldn't get lucky in her house with such a crowd right outside her bedroom door. I noticed, that very soon after she went to her bedroom, the card game shut down and the whole of 6 guys in their early 30's piled into her brothers room, getting very quiet once his door was closed. They said nothing to me as they headed there.

Left alone, I just headed to the bedroom as well, arriving in time to watch Jessica getting ready for bed in our (her) room. She normally closes up in the bathroom at our placed, gets ready for bed and comes out in her sleep gear, but since there had been an audience at her parent's placed, she didn't want to walk past all those guys, braless in her sleep shirt and panties, so I had a chance to watch her strip and change into her PJs. Something that never got old.

I started to pretend to read, to force her to keep the lights on, and watcher her remove her shirt and pants, then her bra, her little A cups standing up great without it as she twirled around looking for a place to put her cast off clothes for the night. She went to change her panties and faced away from me, shy as always, as she bent down to slip them off, unknowingly flashing her little asshole to me in the process. It was then that I heard a noise, a small gasp from the other side of the wall. Jess didn't seem to notice at all, but it occurred to me then that her brother's room shared a wall with hers. At the moment that I noticed that, my shy little wife was facing that wall, nude and bent over, her tiny a cups pointing to the ground, in my bright reading light.

I pulled my eyes off of her and looked at the wall. It was ugly as sin, an old, 70's wood panel wall, unremarkable .. or I thought so, until I saw a tiny bit of light, hardly any, flicker for just a second in a knot hole. By know, Jessica had turned toward me, still nude, her glorious dancer's ass facing her brother's wall, and was asking me where her overnight bag was. Well, in that second, I just kept my suspicions to myself, letting her know that it was at the foot of the bed. She then bent over, no doubt her ass parting and revealing her well groomed anus and shaved pussy, and pulled out her panties, dressing quickly. She then give me a little kiss and jumped under the blankets. About 60 seconds later I could hear her old classmates and her brother come out of his bedroom, all of a sudden, loud again.

Right then, of course, I suspected that my modest wife had just shown it all to most of her male childhood friends and her brother and I had a surge of excitement. We had spend all evening with them, my wife modestly dressed as ever, prim and proper just to unwittingly strip for them that night? I had to look at that hole from his room.

The next day, While the family was playing crochet in the back yard, I went inside, alone for a "bathroom break". I headed straight to my brother in law's childhood bed room and looked around. Jessica's wall shared a wall with his closet, and, unsurprisingly it was empty with room for several men to stand at once. Of course, as suspected, on the back wall, a piece of rubber, probably the remains of one of those old large high school erasers plugged a hole in the wall. I pulled it out, exposing a hole just big enough for one eye, and looked through. It revealed a panoramic view of my shy wife's childhood bed room. My wife had definitely shown it all to her male friends last night, and, jarringly, I realized that this probably wasn't for the first time. The eraser was old, probably dating back years. Her brother, just a year older than her, must have been watching from his dark closet since they were in high school, perhaps sharing the view, unbeknownst to my wife, with all the male friends that hung around the house with her brother. Many of them in her class! The idea that my wife had been refusing to wear short shorts due to her modesty while unknowingly stripping for her brother and their friends, possibly for years, seemed pervertedly hot to me. I convinced myself that it was a victimless crime, as long as they kept the secret and she never knew. So... I couldn't confront him or make a fuss without embarrassing the hell out of my wife. I put the eraser back in and walked away.

Every night, though not with his friends over each time, my brother in law disappeared into his bedroom right after my wife went in to change. I felt a little bad for her, but I didn't see anyway to confront him and, I have to admit, I thought her exposure was a little hot. More than I had ever dreamed of, of course, but still...

On our last night there, she ran her fingers over my shoulder on the way to the bedroom - kind of her signal that she was interested that night. I looked over at the BIL who was on his phone, pretending disinterest, and I made the decision to follow her to the bedroom.

It seems that Jess wanted to have sex her her childhood bed room! Our door shut, and she put her finger to her lips, calling for quiet from me. In the silence, I heard her brother enter his room, and I'm sure, his closet, just the sound of a muffled door closing in the other room. Jess was oblivious.

My mind raced here, I could remember if any of her old school mates were still around, but I knew that her brother would be watching by now.. Had he ever seen anything like this out of his hot, super modest sister? I had a rush of heat and decided that I had to give him a show!

Jessica, unfortunately started by stripping me. Something that she loves to do. Some kissing, and off came my shirt. In no time, she slipped my boxers down, my mid sized dick being the first reveal of the night. She moved to drop to suck and get me started, but she was still fully dressed, and for tonight, I wanted her naked. I stopped her, and slowly, slowly stripped off her shirt, spinning her to face away from me while I undid her bra, effectively making her face her brother's hidden view spot while her tiny tits sprang into his view as the bra came away. I held her like that while I slipped her PJ bottoms down, having her face him while her shaved pussy came into view. She is a thin woman, and when she stands like that her pussy lips are fully viewable.

Then, thinking about his view, I just backed up and flopped on my back on the bed, knowing that for her to suck me to get me good and hard as she usually does, she would have to crawl up on the bed and put her head down, ass in the air - toward her brother and likely his friends.

Now this is a view that I love. Her dancer's ass hides nothing. Without any fat, even lying on her back, her little dark asshole is visible when she lies on her belly. With her ass in the air, her mouth on my dick, her ass would be lewdly spread in the direction of her brother. I let this go on for minutes - he got a better view that her gynecologist. ;)

Finally , I had to push her off to keep from coming, and I had to decide how to position her. She loves missionary, but I thought that would ruin her voyeur's view, so with a little coaxing, I stood to the side of the bed and got her on her hands and knees, in profile to to the peep hole. For the next few minutes, I pounded away while her brother was treated to a side view of her tiny hanging tits, bouncing forward and back in rhythm. Eventually, the outrageousness of it all made me come, just seconds after she did, quiet moans from the two of us.

To my delight, she was exhausted and flopped onto her back to rest, giving her brother the view up her crotch, flat tits and panting face before she put on her robe to hit the bathroom again.

The next day, I looked for a tell on my Brother in Law, and I did see some lingering looks, some smiles, but no grand confession from him. Still just knowing that he has seen everything is hot. I'll repeat that show for him someday.
 