My Brother and the Threesome 

I was 19, in community college, and on the cheerleading team of the college while still living at home. One afternoon I came home to find my brother showing his friend a picture of me naked that he had taken while engaged in being a peeping tom. They were in my room and he was holding the picture while they were going through my panty and bra drawer. He tried to hide it but I was close enough to see that it was me in the picture. The bastard had had it developed in a regular store too, because it wasn't a Polaroid.

In the picture I had just gotten undressed and ready for bed, and I was bent over a table looking at something, some homework I think. I remembered the day because I'd heard a noise, and turned but I didn't see him so I went on doing my thing. He'd taken it from behind. Even though you can't see anything between my legs because of the bad lighting, it was still embarrassing. 

I was pretty pissed because he and his friend were going through my stuff and I yelled at them, but they just laughed and kept grabbing panties and acting immature. My brother said, "come on Lis, you know you like it when boys look at you". Of course I did, but I wasn't going to admit it to him, so I played innocent.

Well, time heals all wounds, and after a few minutes of teasing me, I was more flirtatious than angry. Also, the boy that was there was really cute and I'd noticed him before. I didn't really mind him seeing me naked in the picture, so when my brother said "come on Lis, you know Jaimie here wants to fuck you... as a matter of fact, all my friends do" I didn't react. When he saw that I didn't say anything, he was like a shark. He kept pushing, and pushing, and finally said, "Hey Lis, why don't you show him your pussy? Like, for real?"

I was just standing there with my mouth open. I was shocked, but really turned on. First of all it was my own brother talking about my pussy; then it was the opportunity to get naked in front of my brother and his friend. I was so horny by this time that I would have done anything they asked, but I didn't want to be branded a TOTAL sl*t, so I played a little hard to get. My brother walked behind me seductively and was whispering in my ear, "Show him your pussy Lis, come on, show it to him", while his hands were on my hips.

When he started to lift up my skirt, I only mildly squirmed and objected. I said something like, "What about if dad comes home?" He kicked the door closed behind him and said "Problem solved". Anyway, I was in my cheerleader outfit and the skirt was short already, so he lifted it slowly over my hips. My white panties were in plain view now. He pressed himself into my back to hold my skirt up with his body, and I could feel his hard cock pressed into my ass. He then lifted his hands to my breasts and lifted my sweater up dragging my bra along with it. My legs were held together tightly, but I sighed heavily when my breasts were exposed. My brother cupped my tits and pinched my nipples to bring them out and make them hard.

My perk tits held my sweater up without problems, so he went back to my panties. While kneeling down behind me and kissing my back and my butt he pulled them down slowly. I admit, I got a little scared at this point because I was completely naked. My brother was kissing my butt cheeks and then Jaimie came over. Jaimie was younger than my brother, so my brother led him by the nose.

I immediately leaned forward and started making out with Jaimie. I still hadn't considered getting fucked. The thought should have crossed my mind, but it really didn't. I was still at a point where sex was just a great experiment, not necessarily a great experience. Soon, now my brother was in my ear again, like the little devil on my right shoulder and he said, "Lisa, Jaimie's never had his dick sucked or anything... would you do it? You know what a blowjob is, don't you Lis? Come on, I know you do! I wanna watch you suck Jaimie's dick."

Anyway, Jaimie was quick to drop his shorts and whip his dick out and he was pointing it up at my face. My brother was slowly pushing me forward until Jaimie took over and placed his hand on the back of my head. He pulled my head toward his cock until his cock and when I reached it I just opened my mouth and started to lick it. I flicked my tongue at the tip of it licking the little hole there. I then started to lick from the bottom of his shaft, ending each lick at the tip and letting him enter my mouth, then starting the process again, each time letting him go deeper into my willing mouth.

I was still standing at this point and bending at the waist, because that's how my brother kept me, but I was getting weak at the knees so I lowered myself into a kneeling position, but keeping my knees off the ground. I wanted no such proof as carpet burns on my knees. It was a great shock when I felt my brother bury his face in my pussy from below me. He had laid on his back and lifted his face upward until his lips and tongue were touching my pussy lips. I could feel him forcing his tongue into my pussy like a dildo, then pulling it back out occasionally and flicking my clit with his tongue. 

They both kept saying, "This is so cool" or, "This is fucking awesome!"

I realized I was totally having a threesome. I also knew that if dad happened to come home right now and heard us, my brother and I would be disowned for this, but I knew I'd pay the biggest price just because I was a girl. How unfair! 

A few minutes later my brother tried to fuck me. That's where I drew the line though. He tried and begged but no go. Anyway, his friend asked if he could and I played hard to get, but I agreed to let him fuck me anyway. My brother was pretty mad that I didn't let him, so he acted like a jilted lover. He told Jaimie, "Fuck her from behind like the b*tch she's acting like. Maybe then she'll then feel sorry for me and suck my dick too." I told him he was acting like an asshole, but I shut back up because I had to reach back and guide Jaimie's dick into my pussy. We had moved to the bed and it made me even more afraid because I knew it was very creaky. Jaimie had also gotten completely naked and my brother pulled my sweater off letting my breasts bounce freely below me. 

He got on all fours too in front of me and started to kiss my mouth. His tongue was probing and rolling around my tongue. Jaimie's hands were on my hips, just below my ribs and he was holding my body while trying his best to keep his cock from "popping out" of my pussy. I was very wet and this made it easier to slide in and out of me but it also made it harder to stay inside. 

The sight of my brother's naked body before me made me hornier than ever. I knew I'd never in his life let him fuck me, but for some reason or another I didn't consider oral sex as breaching that bond at the time. When he stood up on his knees to adjust himself his cock dangles right before my face, so instinctively I reached out with my hand and took hold of it. I took it into my mouth all the way to the base of his shaft, and I felt him shudder as he reached down and pushed the back of my head onto it further. He said, "Oh sis, I didn't think you'd do it. " I just stayed on task.

My brother didn't last long at all. No more than one minute later he started to squirm and buck and said, "Lis, I'm coming." He didn't make any attempt to pull out, and I'd never had someone come in my mouth before, so I definitely didn't know what to expect. When he did come, I felt his cum hit the top back of my mouth several times and start to stream down my throat. It felt and tasted no different than all the times I eat yogurt, only a little thinner and sweeter. I know now it tastes a little salty, but I think since we ate lots of sweets at that time and stayed away from onions, garlic and spicy foods in general, maybe it had an effect on it. 

Jaimie wanted to see my mouth full of cum, so he asked if he could come in my mouth too. We all laughed because he came across so needy that I couldn't help but say yes. I rinsed with some of my brother's soda from the nightstand, and repeated the process, but Jaimie was more a gentleman and so when he said he was coming I just opened my mouth and he shot his cum into it from a couple of inches away. He shoots, he scores!

Anyway, I wanted us to get dressed right away because I was still afraid dad would be home soon and catch us, so I went and showered while the guys went back to doing their thing… going through my panty drawer. 
