Missy Becomes An Exhibitionist
by Lisasuzanne

Chapter 8

Spring Break Continues.

On our next day of vacation in Cancun we woke up to the sound of housekeeping knocking on the door. We yelled for them to come back later. I looked at the clock and it was just after 10 am. I was still very tired from our trip yesterday and the naked adventures in the hotel bar. But it didn't make sense to waste our trip sleeping, so I got up and opened the curtains a little bit to let the sun in. The beach was already filling up and it looked gorgeous outside. I crawled back into bed and jostled Matt to wake him up. He slowly came out of his sleep as I gently rubbed his cock to attention. After last night, I needed a good fucking.

I climbed on top of Matt and positioned him at my entrance. We developed a rhythm with me bouncing up and down on top of him. After a couple of minutes, Matt grabbed me around the waist, and we rolled to the side, and he finished inside me. It was short, but just what the doctor ordered. We held each other for a few minutes before Kim quietly opened the door between the two rooms and came in.

She said, "Are you guys awake?"

Matt and I both rolled over and looked toward the door to see Kim standing there wearing only a skimpy pair of white lace panties. She obviously had just gotten out of bed and her long blonde hair was mussed up and she was rubbing her eyes because of the light coming through the curtains I had opened. She looked SUPER HOT!

I squeezed Matt's cock and whispered to him, "Mmmmm, check her out!"

He didn't say anything, but I know he enjoyed the sight.

Finally, I said, "Yeah, we were just getting ready to get up."

Kim came over and sat on the foot of the bed and said, "Lisa is in the shower. We need to decide what to do today."

Matt and I were both sitting up in bed now, staring at the nearly naked Kim. I couldn't help but scoot down the bed and give her a hug. My pointy nipples poked into her back, and I reached around and toyed with her nipples, quickly bringing them to attention. Matt just watched as we made small talk for a couple of minutes while I continued to manipulate her nipples. Kim let out a couple of sighs that let me know she liked what I was doing.

Lisa then came sauntering in fresh from her shower, completely naked and drying her hair with a towel! WOW, she looked as hot as Kim! Matt's mouth dropped open as he watched her approach the bed and sit next to Kim.

She said, "So, what's the plan for today?"

Kim, Matt and I all just kind of said, "Ummmmm...we don't know yet."

Lisa said, "Go get a shower and let's get going!"

She turned to look at Matt, who was nearly drooling, then got off the bed and walked around to his side and pulled him into a hug with her tits smothering his face!

She said, "how you feeling big boy?"

He answered, "I definitely don't have any complaints!"

She continued to tease him be by propping her right leg up on the bed and running her fingers over her pussy right in front of Matt's face!

She asked him, "Do you think I should shave today?" as she used her fingers to separate her pussy lips for him.

He said, "I don't know, I can't quite tell from here."

"Well, check it out and let me know."

After a quick glance over to me to make sure I wasn't mad, Matt leaned in closer to examine her pussy better. Then, he reached out and brushed his fingers lightly over her pubic hair and then ran them around her lips and up and down the crease of each leg. Lisa let out an "mmmmm" as he did this and leaned her head back to enjoy his ministrations.

After a few seconds of this, Matt said, "There is a little stubble there, you might want to shave."

Lisa said, "You want to do the honors for me?"

"Yeah, sure, I'll go shower while you get ready," Matt eagerly said.

Lisa spun away from him and headed back to her room, presumably to get a razor.

Kim looked at me and said, "I could use a shave too, want to help me out?"

How could I refuse? "Certainly, I'll do you after my shower," I said.

Kim went next door to get ready for me and I hopped out of bed to join Matt in the shower. I LOVED these large showers!

We didn't waste much time as we were both anxious to play with Kim and Lisa. We soaped each other, quickly rinsed and got out. Matt's cock was beginning to come to life again as we dried and hung the towels over the shower door. Matt took my hand and pulled me out of the bathroom.

Lisa was sitting on a towel on the end of our bed with some shaving cream and a razor, which she handed to Matt. Kim had not returned yet. Matt walked over to Lisa with his cock nearly at full mast now. She grabbed ahold of it and stroked him a few times as I took a seat on the bed next to her.

She laid back on her elbows with her feet propped up on the bed and Matt squirted a small amount of shaving gel on his fingers and began rubbing it around her crotch. Lisa giggled as she noticed a drop of shaving gel on Matt's cock. I leaned forward and pulled on it while he rubbed the shaving cream on her.

When he finished applying the gel, he pulled away from my hand that was stroking his cock, to get the razor. He stepped back between her legs, put one hand on each side of her ass and pulled her all the way to the edge of the bed. His cock was bouncing up and down with his pulse and a string of pre-cum began to dangle off of it. He timidly asked Lisa how she wanted it trimmed.

Lisa said, "Just clean up the edges, I don't want it shaved completely."

Matt started to glide the razor around Lisa's pussy and then he used the fingers on his other hand to pull her pussy lips tight so he could get a clean shave all around them. This caused Lisa to moan slightly and lay back on the bed as she started to get heated up. She wasn't the only one getting heated up! I was starting to juice myself and the pre-cum was streaming out of Matt's dick!

I glanced over to the door between our rooms and saw Kim with her phone taking video as she absentmindedly ran her fingers through her pubic hair. I motioned for her to come closer to get a better shot of the action. She focused in on Lisa's crotch and the razor gliding around it. Matt was really taking this seriously, like a surgeon in the operating room! He asked for a towel to wipe her mound clean, so I quickly went to the bathroom and got a face towel and handed it to him.

Matt took the towel and cleaned up her crotch to examine his work. He found a little stubble and tried to clean it up, but the area was dry now. So he ran two fingers over her pussy lips to get some lubrication and smeared it over the area! With a couple more strokes of the razor, he had her perfectly trimmed. He straightened up, to admire her pussy while still standing between her legs.

Kim moved closer and turned her phone to Matt's pulsing cock. Another drop of pre-cum oozed over the head and dangled below, slowly stretching downward. We all watched in amazement as it eventually landed on Lisa's pussy lips and comingled with the juice leaking out of her. Her lips were so sensitive that she felt the drop hit her pussy and let out a deep sigh! Matt's cock was so hard, the pee hole was gaping open and you could actually see the pre-cum flowing from the tip down the string connected to Lisa's pussy lips!

Matt set the razor on the bed beside Lisa, who was still laying on her back with her feet up on the bed. Lisa didn't make any move to get up, so Matt put his right thumb on her clit and pressed down on it. Then, he used his left index finger to break the string of pre-cum running from his cock to her pussy and collected the juice. He used it to lubricate his fingers and placed them at the entrance to her pussy.

With his right thumb now making circles on Lisa's clit, his left hand fingers separated her lips. He teased her opening for a few seconds until Lisa bucked forward and his fingers disappeared deep inside. Lisa was gyrating her hips as Matt's fingers plunged in and out of her sloppy, wet hole!

Kim nudged me with an elbow as she walked past me and stood behind Matt. She pressed her pussy against his ass and reached around to grab his cock with her left hand and held her phone around Matt's right side to continue recording. When she squeezed his cock, another glob of crystal clear pre-cum ran out and streamed down to Lisa's pussy!

Kim nodded toward me and then toward Lisa, telling me to go play with her. I climbed on the bed on my hands and knees and started teasing her nipples. I rubbed, pinched and pulled on them while Matt finger banged her.

Suddenly, Lisa reached between my legs and grabbed my thigh, pulling one of my legs over her head so that I was now straddling her with my pussy directly over her face! I was facing Matt and Kim and could see that Kim was stroking his cock vigorously.

Then, I felt Lisa's tongue just graze my pussy lips. That sent a chill over my entire body and I let out a loud moan. I was rocking back and forth on her tongue, when I heard Matt groan. I looked up just in time to see gobs of his cum spurting onto Lisa's chest and belly! She was moaning and panting into my pussy as Matt continued to finger her. She came next in a bucking orgasm, which caused me to cum almost immediately after that!

I collapsed down onto Lisa's chest with my face just inches from her pussy. I could feel Matt's warm cum practically adhering me to Lisa. Matt leaned forward on top of me, with Kim on his back. We laid there in a sweaty, cum covered heap for a couple of minutes while we recovered. Then, Kim got off the pile and laid on her back next to Lisa.

After laying there for a few more minutes catching our breath, I noticed Kim rubbing her pussy. I realized that she was the only one that hadn't cum yet. I think Matt and Lisa realized this at about the same time. Lisa jumped up off the bed and patted Kim on the thigh as she scurried past her.

She said, "I'll be right back."

She returned in just a few seconds, carrying a large pink dildo! Matt and I sat up to watch. She propped Kim's feet up on the bed and began rubbing the tip of the dildo over her pussy lips. Matt went around to the other side of the bed and we each toyed with a nipple as we watched Lisa plunge the dildo into Kim's pussy.

Matt reached down and rubbed Kim's clit, while Lisa increased the speed of her pumping and started twisting it as it went in and out of her! It wasn't long before Kim was writhing and bucking to meet the Lisa's thrusts. She screamed as she came, and Lisa gradually slowed her pumping as Matt withdrew his finger from her clit. Lisa made one final push with the dildo and left it buried deep in Kim's pussy as we all rested with her.

Once Kim had come down from her orgasm enough to speak, she said "Oh fuck, that was great!"

I looked at the clock and it was a little past 11 am now. We had been at it for an hour! Then, there was another knock at the door, "Housekeeping!"

I yelled, "Give us 20 minutes and we'll be out, OK?"

There was no response. We knew we were going to have to get out of there soon, or we wouldn't get the rooms cleaned. Kim still had the dildo buried in her pussy and as she stood up and it slowly slipped out of her with a plop and fell to the floor. We all laughed at the sexy scene.

We all needed another shower now! So, I led Matt to the bathroom and turned on the water. To both of our surprise, Lisa came pulling Kim by the arm into our bathroom! We all squeezed into the shower and quickly washed each other off.

Kim turned the shower off and I stepped out, followed by Matt, Lisa and then Kim. There weren't enough towels for all of us, so Kim and Lisa just walked out to go to their room and get towels. A couple of seconds later, we heard a shriek from Kim. Matt and I ran out of the bathroom to see what was going on and found Kim and Lisa standing naked in their room, dripping wet in front of the maid! Apparently while we were showering, housekeeping knocked on their door and not getting any response, went in to clean.

The maid apologized profusely and Lisa just laughed and said, "It's not a problem, we'll get dressed and be out of here in 2 minutes."

Matt and I had a little chuckle and went back into our room to finish getting ready. We were looking forward to the beach, so Matt put on his suit and gathered the sunblock and sunglasses etc. I grabbed my pink bikini and pulled the bottoms on and got the top ready.

Matt looked at me and said, "Sure you want to put that on?" As he nodded his head toward my crotch.

Shit! I can't get dressed in the room. I quickly pulled the bottoms off before Kim and Lisa caught me. It was none too soon, as a few seconds later they both came wandering into our room.

Lisa looked at me and said, "Good for you, you remembered the rule this time!"

I glanced over at Matt and gave him a wink. Matt had my swimsuit in his hands and asked if I wanted to take anything else. I handed him a t-shirt and decided against shorts since I planned to be on the beach all day anyway.

Once we had everything together, Matt opened the door and went out into the hallway with Lisa and Kim right behind him. I took a quick look out and saw the housekeeping cart parked right between our rooms. OK, this was going to be awkward, but screw it, I thought.

I confidently walked out of the room buck naked and Matt handed me my bikini and t-shirt. I decided to have a little fun with the maids and set my suit and shirt on top of their cart. I bounced my tits with my hands a couple of times and grabbed my top, making a show of putting it on. I then pulled the t-shirt over my head, leaving my pussy bare. The maid that was cleaning the rooms on the other side of the hall was there now too. I looked up at the maid that had caught Kim and Lisa naked and she was staring at me with her hands on her hips. I smiled at her, picked up the bikini bottom and pulled it on, wiggling my ass for them. She shook her head with a little smile and gave me a couple of sarcastic claps as I joined Matt, Lisa and Kim!

It was already about noon, so we thought we would head down to the lunch bar first and get a burger. They had an outdoor lunch area where burgers and hot dogs were served. We got a table and ate without incident this time.

Kim and Lisa then decided to go off by themselves to see what was happening around the resorts. That gave Matt and me some time alone, so we decided to go lay on the beach for a while and soak up the sun. We lubed each other up with sunblock and just tanned for a couple of hours. Matt was getting thirsty, so he went to the bar and brought back a couple of beers for us as we talked about what to do next.

There weren't any parties going on at our resort, but down the beach, there appeared to be a large party tent with lots of people and music. We strolled that way and found there was a $20 charge to get in. Matt paid the money for each of us and we joined the party. The pool area was really crowed with rowdy spring breakers and the alcohol was flowing. The pool was full of girls and guys drinking and partying. Some of the girls were topless and the guys were hooting and hollering.

We struck up some conversations with other partiers, but we didn't say anything about our naked adventures. The DJ was trying to get girls to come up for some sort of contest, but I told Matt that I didn't want to get involved in those. After another couple of hours at the party, we got a little bored and decided to go have a swim. We ran hand in hand into the surf and played for a few minutes. That's when I confided to Matt that I had an urge to get naked again.

He laughed and said, "You really love it don't you?"

I said, "Yeah, it just makes me feel so good to be naked and knowing that others are watching. I don't know what I'm going to do when Kim and Lisa graduate in a couple of months and they aren't around to make me do silly things anymore."

Matt then surprised me by saying, "When we get home, what would you think about you and I making Carly our little naked project? You and I could think up adventures for her just like Kim and Lisa have done for you. And, you could always feel free to join her if you want."

I was beaming from ear to ear as I said, "Oh, Matt, I love that idea!"

I kissed him deeply as my hand went under the water and squeezed his now hard dick.

I said, "I'm so excited. I need to get naked!"

Matt said, "Well, what's stopping you? Give me your swimsuit."

I quickly untied my top and handed it to Matt. We were in the water at about shoulder depth, so I had to duck under the water to slide my bottoms off. When I emerged with my bottoms in hand, I tossed them to Matt, and he started heading toward the sand.

I said, "Hey where are you going?"

He replied, "I'm going to put your suit up with our towels and I'll be right back."

"What if somebody steals it?" I asked.

"That is a chance we'll just have to take, I guess," He replied as he exited the water.

I watched him toss my suit on top of our towels and turn to come back to me. He didn't even cover it up, just left the suit sitting on top of the towels for everybody to see. People were noticing as they walked by, and they would look out into the ocean in my direction. Many suspected I was naked, but nobody said anything.

Matt swam back out to me, and we hugged, splashed around and played like kids in the ocean, with me completely naked and my suit on the shore. Pretty soon, we heard Kim and Lisa calling for us from the beach. We turned to look in their direction and scanned the shoreline for them. It was hard to find them with all the people on the beach, but eventually, we saw Kim waving her arms.

They were trying to yell to us, but we couldn't hear what they were saying. Then, Lisa began waving my bikini around above her head! This could be trouble, I thought, and I asked Matt what we should do.

He said, "We better go see what they want."

"I'm naked," I said.

Matt said, "I'm very well aware of that. That is what you wanted wasn't it? Might as well get it over with. You know they aren't going to bring your suit to you."

I said, "You could go get it for me."

"You think they are going to let me do that? No way. Come on, let's just go" he said.

He grabbed me by the hand and started pulling me toward the shore. I was getting more scared by the second as my boobs slowly came out of the water and then my pussy. Matt was holding one hand and I tried to cover my pussy with the other, but my nudity was soon discovered by the partiers around us, and a loud shout and whistles erupted. Matt and I quickly scurried to where Kim and Lisa were waiting. Matt kept away the gropers as we made our way to them.

Kim and Lisa were laughing when we reached them, and I held out my hand to Lisa asking for my suit.

She yanked it out of my reach and said, "Not yet. Please explain what is going on here."

Matt and I just looked at each other and finally, I sheepishly explained, "We were just playing around and I got a little excited and wanted to be naked in the water. I didn't know Matt was going to take my suit to the beach."

Lisa asked if I was still excited and I had to admit that I was, but was a little scared too with all of the guys around that could easily try to start something.

Kim said, "We'll make sure nothing happens. Besides, there are all kinds of girls who are topless."

She was right about the topless girls, but I was completely naked and that was a whole different story.

It was getting to be about 5 pm now and Kim asked what we wanted to do that night. We all sat down on our towels to talk about it, with me being the only naked one. It was a completely normal conversation, outside the fact that I was naked and guys kept walking by and whistling and making comments. I was really uncomfortable and kept my head on a swivel for cops or other trouble. I still wasn't sure how far they would let things go nudity wise and didn't want to end up in a Mexican jail.

Eventually, it was decided that we would go to the club district that night and check that out. We had some time yet before going there and we decided to go back to the hotel where they grill food for the evening meal by the pool as an alternative to the hotel restaurants. We all got up and packed up our towels and stuff. Kim, Lisa and Matt turned and started walking toward the hotel.

I scurried to catch up to them and yelled, "Hey, I'm still naked!"

Kim said, "You're fine, come on."

I complained a bit, but it was useless. They weren't going to give me my bikini back just yet.

We had a long walk through the sand back to the hotel because we had been a couple of resorts down the beach from ours. I was getting all kinds of comments, stares attempts to touch me, which made me feel really self- conscious. Eventually, I decided I would be better off embracing my situation than looking like a deer in headlights. So, I began making comments back and giving high fives to the guys who reached out to me. It made the walk much more tolerable.

When we finally got to our hotel pool area, we could smell the food grilling. Kim, Lisa and Matt walked up the short set of stairs from the beach to the pool area, leaving me standing at the bottom of the steps, naked as the day I was born. Matt stopped at the top of the steps and looked back to me.

He said "They are already up at the bar, so you might as well come."

I said, "I can't come up there like this!"

Just then, Kim appeared next to Matt and she yelled down to me, "We checked with the bartender and they said they don't have any problem with you being naked, there is nudity in the pool area all the time."

I'm sure THEY don't have any problem with me being naked! I had no choice, so I trotted up the steps and took refuge beside Matt as I looked around the pool area. It wasn't too crowded yet because it was a little early for dinner. Kim had gone back and joined Lisa in the food line. Matt dragged me by the hand and led me through the maze of pool loungers to the food line directly behind Kim and Lisa.

I can't believe I'm doing this, I thought as I grabbed a plastic plate and followed Matt to one of the guys manning the grill. The guy's eyes got wide as he saw me standing there bare assed naked, but he simply said, "miss?" as he pointed to the grille to ask me what I wanted. I got a small piece of steak and continued following Matt down the line where I got some vegetables and a roll.

When Matt and I reached the end of the food line, we looked around the pool area for Kim and Lisa. They waved and motioned for us to join them on the pool loungers to eat. We made our way over to them and sat down on the loungers with our food. There weren't any tables for our plates, so we had to figure out how to eat like this. I put one leg on each side of the lounger and sat down with my plate of food between my legs. This brought the stark realization of my nakedness back to my mind! My legs were splayed open, giving everybody a clear view of my pussy!

Kim said, "Nice beaver shot Missy! And, it looks like that pussy is pretty wet too!"

I blushed deeply at the remark, but knew it was true. All three of them were staring at my oozing pussy as I tried to eat.

While we ate, guys were making excuses to walk past our area, even though we were kind of off to the side and there were more direct ways to get to the food line. There were a couple of topless girls in the pool, so I felt a little more at ease, but was still pretty uncomfortable with my pussy on display.

The uncomfortable feeling seems to be what I live for now. The excitement of being on display had my pussy juicing so much that the lounger was wet under me and my nipples were hard and pointy!

When we finished eating, Kim gathered all the napkins and disposable items to take to the garbage. Lisa told me to gather the plates and silverware and pointed to some tubs up by the grills, telling me to take them up there. She obviously wanted to push me to flaunt my nudity even more.

Matt asked if I wanted him to go with me and I said, "No I can do it."

With all the dirty plates in hand, I weaved my way through the pool loungers, that were nearly all full of people now, and made my way to the dish tubs at the front. Very few people said anything as I passed, they just stared with their mouths hanging open at my brazenness.

After dropping the plates in the dish tubs, I turned and made the trip back to our loungers with every eye in the place on me. By the time I returned, one of them had gotten a round of beers for us all and they were lying back on the loungers enjoying a drink. I joined them and began to relax a little with my beer. All three of them were asking me questions about how it felt to walk around naked in the pool area for everyone to see.

I said, "I still can't believe I'm even doing this, but it is so exciting and feels so good to just be naked! I'm incredibly embarrassed and a little scared, but the adrenaline rush is addicting."

Kim asked, "Is that why you were naked in the ocean when we walked up?"

I said, "I guess so, I just had an urge to be naked."

I was getting more and more excited by the moment and Matt, Kim and Lisa questioning me about it just pushed me more toward the line of being out of control horny!

Finally Kim said, "Well, I could use a nap before we go to the clubs tonight. How about we meet up at 9 o'clock and figure out how to get to the bars?"

We all agreed a nap would be a good idea and started to get up to head to our rooms.

Of course, I was still naked, so I looked at Lisa who said, "Come with me."

We all followed her back up to the area where the hotel staff was grilling. We stopped in front of the guy who had served me the steak and Lisa pulled my bikini from her bag and held it out to the man.

She said to him, "Sir, my friend needs some help getting her suit on. Would you be willing to help her?"

He smiled and said, "Si, si I help," as Lisa handed him my top.

The guy held it out and had me turn around so he could put it on me. I was suddenly facing the crowd in the pool area like I was on stage giving a performance. Every eye in the place was on me.

The guy took his time getting my top on as he ogled my boobs, but he didn't try to touch or grope me. When he fastened the top behind me, Lisa held up my bikini bottoms and showed them to the crowd like she was displaying a prize on a game show. There were actually some boos from the crowd. I guess they wanted me to stay naked.

Lisa eventually handed the guy my bikini bottoms. He came around in front of me knelt down and held them up for me to step into. I began to lift my right leg when I saw the guy's eyes grow huge. I looked down and to my horror, saw a trail of pussy juice streaming down my thighs, revealing my excitement! I blushed deeply again and covered my face with my hands in an attempt to hide my embarrassment. Peeking through my fingers, I saw the guy still there with his face directly even with my dripping pussy, just staring. He reached out a finger and ran it through the juice dribbling down my leg and turned to show it to the mesmerized crowd. They all cheered as they realized that my pussy was dripping from my excitement!

Matt tapped the guy on the shoulder, signaling him to get on with it so that he didn't get any ideas about touching me any further. The guy was still holding my bikini bottom out, so I again raised my right leg to step into it, which gave him a great view of my soaking wet pussy! Once the right leg was in, I repeated the process with the left leg, again giving the guy a great view of my open pussy. With both feet in, the guy slowly began to slide the bottoms up my thighs, with his face just inches away from my pussy.

When the bikini panty was fully covering my pussy, the guy surprised me by running his index fingers under the leg hem around my butt to stretch the bottom tight. Then he did the same in front to get the fabric out of my crack and fully covering my pussy! His fingers lightly grazed my pubic hair and pussy lips, nearly causing me to orgasm in front of everybody!

The guy stood up, smiled at me and Lisa thanked him for his help as we turned to head inside. The whole pool area was buzzing from what they had just witnessed. Once inside, we made our way to the elevator lobby and Kim pushed the button. My head was still swimming and I felt like I was on the verge of orgasm as we stood there waiting for the elevator in silence.

We could see by the lights that the elevator was descending to the lobby, so Kim said, "Matt, why don't you go ahead and take that suit off her now so that we don't have any mistakes with the rules when we get to the room?"

Matt looked at me, but I was in my own world at that time and hadn't even comprehended anything that was said. All of a sudden, I felt the bikini top slide off me again, just as the bell sounded for the elevator reaching the lobby. The doors slid open and some people got off as we moved past them to get on. Two other guys got on with us and the doors slid shut. Then I felt my bikini bottoms sliding down my thighs! I was still in a daze, but looked down to see Matt kneeling in front of me, sliding my bottoms off! I absentmindedly stepped out of them and Matt handed the bikini to Lisa. He stayed crouched in front of me and started to run his fingers through the copious amount of pussy juice that was still flowing from me.

His fingers began exploring my pussy and I was rocking back and forth against him. My breathing was heavy and my heart was pounding as he started to work two fingers up into me! I leaned back against the elevator wall to allow Matt to finger fuck me and then heard the bell ding as the elevator stopped at the fourth floor.

The two guys that had got on with us reluctantly stepped out on the fourth floor and the doors slid shut again. I was moaning now as Matt continued to thrust two fingers up into me while the elevator climbed to the 6th floor. He had me going really good by the time the doors opened up on our floor. Suddenly, I felt Matt's fingers withdraw and I looked at him pleadingly.

He said, "Come on, this is our floor."

I could barely even comprehend what he was saying, so he pulled me by the hand out of the elevator. As we started down the hall to our room, Matt gave me a swat on the ass that echoed down the hall and caused Kim and Lisa to turn and look. It also caused me to nearly have an orgasm right there!

When we finally made it to our room, Matt unlocked the door and we tumbled onto the bed. Matt dove between my legs and licked my wet pussy until I exploded in orgasm! He then pulled me to the end of the bed and gave me a great fucking until we both fell asleep from exhaustion.

We slept for a couple of hours and then got up to get ready to go out for the night. We both showered and Matt got dressed, while I stayed naked to follow the rules and gathered my outfit for the evening. When we were ready, we used the adjoining door to Kim and Lisa's room and waited for them to finish getting ready. Once they were ready, I handed Matt my clothes and purse as we headed out the door.

The door closed behind me and I followed the others down the hall. I assumed we would do the same routine with me getting dressed in the elevator on the way down to the lobby. When we reached the elevators, we waited briefly and the doors slid open. Luckily, nobody was on it. Matt, Kim and Lisa stepped in and I started in too when Lisa put her hand to my chest and stopped me.

She said, "We are taking the elevator, why don't you take the stairs and meet us in the lobby. And don't waste too much time, or we'll leave your ass here!"

I was stunned as I looked at her questioningly. Matt started to get out of the elevator to accompany me, but Lisa told him I should do this by myself. I told Matt it was OK and the doors slid shut.

Now, I was in the hall of our hotel completely naked with no room key! There was no choice but to make my way down to the lobby and try to find them. I'm sure they won't be waiting at the stairwell for me. That wouldn't be any fun! I wasn't even sure where the stairs were, so I peeked out into the hallway and looked each direction. There was an exit sign at each end of the hall, which I assumed would be the stairs. Which one should I take?

I heard a door open from one end of the hall, so I dashed out to the vending area and hid behind the ice machine, hoping they weren't coming for ice. I watched as two guys and a girl walked past the vending area toward the elevators. Once they entered the elevator lobby, I wasted no time going to the other end of the hall in a full sprint toward the door.

I reached the door and entered the stairwell. It was a little dark and damp and the concrete was kind of cold on my feet. I wasn't really worried about coming across somebody here, so I quickly made my way down six flights of stairs to the first floor.

There was just a little skinny window in the door, and I couldn't really tell if anybody was around, so I cracked the door open and peeked out. I only saw a few people milling around in the lobby, but they were quite a ways away. There was no sign of Matt, Kim or Lisa.

What am I going to do? This was the first time that I was naked in public without one of the others there to keep me safe. It was really scary. I didn't think they would actually leave me if I took too long, but didn't want to test them either.

I took another peek out the door and saw no signs of Matt, Kim or Lisa again. Should I go up to the second floor and try the stairwell at the other end of the hall? That might take too long. Oh man, I was scared, excited and anxious all at the same time. I took another peek out and saw some large potted plants and chairs etc. that would give me some cover. So, I crept slowly out the door at first then sprinted to the first plant and took cover.

I still didn't see the others, so I scurried from behind the plant and hid behind a big chair. I was getting dangerously close to the lobby and front desk now and there was a lot more noise and people around. My heart was beating a mile a minute and I still didn't see Matt, Kim and Lisa!

Finally, I saw them in a seating area with a couch and three big chairs just around the corner from the front desk. They were looking around but hadn't seen me. I waited until they were looking my way and popped my head out from behind the chair and waved to them. Kim held up my clothes and motioned for me to come to them. I shook my head and she made a motion as if they were going to leave. I held my hands up in defeat and started to plot how I was going to get to them without getting caught.

I decided I was just going to have to make a run for it. After screwing up the courage, I covered my pussy with one hand and my boobs with the other arm and darted out from behind the chair. There was a door that was shut, so I put my back against the door and hid momentarily while checking for any other hiding spots between me and them.

I noticed my pussy was wet again and my fingers lightly danced over my pussy lips. What am I doing? There is no time for this. Suddenly, I heard some noises behind me and I bolted out of the doorway toward Matt, Kim and Lisa. This time, I didn't stop until I reached them at the seating area. Several people saw me and were staring, but nobody tried to come over. I plopped down on the couch in between Kim and Lisa. Lisa slowly started gathering my clothes while I squirmed on the couch with my head on a swivel looking for possible trouble.

Lisa handed me my bra and I quickly put it on. Next, she gave me my panties after holding them up to let everybody that was near see them. I quickly slid them on and felt a little more relaxed now that I was at least covered. But I was still sitting in the lobby of the hotel in my bra and panties! Lisa gave me my blouse and skirt and I finished dressing. When I stood to put the short skirt on, Kim noticed a wet spot on the couch and brought it to everybody's attention. That really embarrassed me. I don't know how this can excite me so much, but it sure does!

Having finally dressed, we made our way to the hotel van and got a ride to the club district. Once there, we found it extremely crowded to the point of barely being able to move. Inside the clubs was even worse with sweaty bodies everywhere. Almost all of them had some sort of wet t-shirt contest going on. The music was so loud we could barely talk to each other.

The wet t-shirt contests really held no interest for any of us, so we just had a few drinks and milled around. At about 1 am, we got bored and decided to head back to the hotel. The van didn't run that late, so we had to take the bus. It smelled of stale beer and sweat and it was REALLY HOT!

There was probably about 20 others on the bus. We picked out seats and sat, all sweating profusely. I pulled my blouse out and fanned myself with it, complaining that I felt light headed.

Lisa said, "Well, you have too many clothes on! Why don't you take them off?"

"This bus is disgusting," I said.

Kim came to my defense and said, "Yeah, it IS gross, let's just get back to the hotel without getting killed by these bums."

Lisa nodded her approval and we rode quietly to our stop without incident.

We got off at the closest stop to our hotel, but it was still about a block away, so we started walking. Lisa mentioned something about how hot she was.

Without even thinking, I blurted out, "You have too many clothes on, why don't you take them off?" Uh oh, I wish I could take that back.

Lisa laughed and quickly responded, "Now that we're not on that gross bus, there's nothing stopping YOU from getting naked."

"But we're right by the street out in the open," I complained.

Kim said, "There's hardly anybody around, it's dark and the three of us are here, so you have nothing to worry about."

She was right, it was pretty deserted, but this was way different than nudity on the beach! What if a cop car drove by and saw me? I just kept on walking, hoping that the subject would be dropped, but there was no real chance of that.

Finally, Lisa said, "C'mon, get naked for us! We are almost to the hotel grounds and away from the street."

I looked around and reluctantly unbuttoned my blouse, slowly peeled my bra off and handed them to Lisa. All of them were just staring at me so I slid my skirt off and dropped my panties, handing them to Lisa too. My heart was pounding as we all turned and continued our walk to our hotel.

I was trying to huddle up next to Matt to get some cover and Lisa didn't like that. She and Kim each took a hand and had me walk between them with Matt following behind. I kept my head on a swivel while Kim and Lisa walked normally, swinging my arms between them.

In a couple of minutes, we reached the hotel property that had a long driveway up to the front doors. I was able to relax a little now that we were away from the street. The hot breeze was rustling my pubic hair and tickling my nipples! It felt so liberating! I was so excited now that I became giddy.

There was a fountain about a hundred feet away from the front door. It was a boy pouring water from a bucket into the pool below. I broke free of Kim and Lisa and ran up to the fountain. I stuck my toe in the pool and found the water luke warm. It was still better than the hot humid air, so I stepped in, crouched down and let the water from the bucket held by the concrete boy pour over my head and run down my body.

Even though the water wasn't cold, it cooled me down a lot. Kim was recording on her phone as Matt splashed water on me. Lisa started directing me to pose in sexy ways. I hugged the statue boy, put my nipples up to his mouth, put my hand on his butt, on my hands and knees with the water pouring onto my ass and facing up so the water poured onto my pussy.

The water hitting my clit nearly caused me to cum! I arched up to meet the water streaming down and massaged my pussy and clit. Kim came around with her phone to get a better angle as I played in the water.

I said to Kim, "Oh, it feels so refreshing! You should give it a try!"

She just said, "I don't think so," and kept recording.

I splashed around a little longer and had Matt play with my pussy before we decided it was time to move on before we got into trouble. Matt took my hand and helped me out of the fountain. I told him how good it felt to cool down. There were a couple of cat calls from off in the distance, so I hadn't gone completely unnoticed. Nobody was running towards us, so we just continued our leisurely walk toward the hotel.

Matt asked if I wanted to walk on the beach before going back to the room and I eagerly agreed. Kim and Lisa said they were going to go to bed, so we parted ways at that point.

Matt and I had walked a couple hundred feet before I realized Lisa had my clothes! I tried to yell to them, but they were just going through the doors of the hotel and didn't stop. Even if they had heard me, they probably wouldn't have given my clothes back anyway.

Matt reassured me, "There won't be anybody on the beach anyway."

"What about getting to the room?" I said.

"We'll figure that out when we get there. You did it naked the other night without a problem, so we can do it again," he said.

I was OK with that for now, so I took Matt's arm and walked around the side of the building on the sidewalk down to the beach. The feeling of the sand in my toes was accentuated due to my nakedness as we strolled along the beach! Matt was wrong about there being nobody on the beach. There were actually workers cleaning and setting up for the parties for the next day, but they didn't even seem to notice the naked girl.

Matt took off his shirt and put it down on the sand so I could sit. He sat beside me and put his arm around my waist. He gently caressed my arm and ran his fingers over my side as we just sat and watched the waves wash up.

I looked him in the eyes and said, "I wish we could stay like this forever!"

He said, "Me too! I'm so lucky to have a sexy girl like you. I love you!"

I practically screamed and grabbed him, kissing him deeply.

"I love you too," I said as we broke our kiss.

We stayed for another 15 minutes or so enjoying each other on the beach. It was really late, so we decided it was time to get some sleep. Matt stood and extended both arms, taking my by the hands to help me up. He picked up his shirt and shook out the sand, then used it to brush the sand off me.

We then started to casually walk back to the hotel arm in arm. When we got close, Matt scoped around for the best way to get me inside. We tried the door by the pool, but it was locked. We tried another side door, but it was locked too. It looked like the only option was the main entrance at the front.

We walked around to the front and Matt offered me his shirt and shorts. He had on briefs, so it wouldn't be too bad for him. I was just really happy at the moment and declined his offer. I said I wanted to go naked. He just smiled and opened the door for me.

I walked through and Matt took my hand as we passed the front desk where a younger gal was working. She looked at me in amazement as we walked toward the elevator. I was practically gushing and wanted to scream to her "he loves me!" My body was tingling all over!

We reached the elevator bank and the door opened immediately. There was nobody else on it. The door closed and started up to the 6th floor. Matt grabbed me around the waist and pulled me to him. He placed a hand on each of my butt cheeks and massaged them while kissing me. My erect nipples were poking into his bare chest. Each time he squeezed my butt, I could feel my pussy lips opening! I thrust my mound forward and he moved his left leg between my legs so that I could grind my pussy on his thigh.

The elevator bell dinged and it stopped. I looked up and we were at the sixth floor already. That was the fastest elevator ride I had ever taken! I wish it would have been about ten minutes longer!

Matt kissed me one more time before leading me out into the hallway. We proceeded down the hall to our room without incident and collapsed on the bed in an embrace. I quickly stripped Matt of his remaining clothes and crawled on top of him. I faced his feet with my knees on either side of his chest and stroked his beautiful cock. His hands began sliding over my butt. I leaned forward and took his cock in my mouth, which caused my hips to raise up. Matt's right hand moved to my pussy and he lightly teased it. I could feel my juices being spread around.

Just as I was developing a good rhythm bobbing on his cock, his fingers separated my pussy lips. I scooted back to get positioned over his mouth. When his tongue touched my clit, I went off like a rocket! I tried to keep my mouth on his cock, but the spasms from my orgasm made it impossible. So I grabbed his cock with my hand and started jerking until my tremors had subsided somewhat.

I wasn't done yet. I had to have him inside me. I spun around, reached behind me, put his cock at my entrance and sank down. Matt groaned as his cock fully impaled me. I put my hands on the bed and lifted my hips to the point where just the tip of his cock was inside me and then slowly eased back down. Matt was desperately clutching the sheets trying to hold off, but it was no use. His cock erupted into me as I continued to slide up and down!

Eventually, his cock slid out of me and I collapsed down on top of him. We were both panting as we laid there in a wet heap. We dozed off in each other's arms.
