Mindy at an amusement park

It was a cool spring Saturday morning when Mindy had a brilliant idea. She’d had a rough couple of days and was looking to show off a little. Her inspiration came after reading a flyer about an amusement park she got in the mail. “This is almost too good to be true.” Mindy said to herself as she did her hair in the mirror.

“What dress should I wear?” She asked herself. After looking though her closet for about 15 minutes, the most incredibly sheer dress was now in her hands. It was a white sundress that had buttons up the front from the lower hem to about 6 inches below the neckline. As she held it up to the light, she noticed that it was very thin and would invariably show off her nipples and that little “racing stripe” patch of pubic hair. She became wet just at the thought of what she was about to do. As she slipped it on, she immediately noticed that, although her nipples were not completely visible, her dark areolas shown quite perfectly. 
“This will be perfect!” she said, walking out the door with her pocketbook slung over her shoulder so that the strap clung between her breasts.

Mindy climbed into her car and took off. As it was such a nice day, she decided to open both windows on her car. “This breeze is positively invigorating.” Mindy said as she entered the highway towards the Seacoast. Mindy was in heaven. It had been days since she had felt this free from worries. She set the cruise control to just above the legal speed limit and relaxed for the forty-minute drive to the coast.

The sound of a Tractor-Trailer horn snapped her back to reality. She angrily looked up to see the driver smiling at her and giving her the thumbs up. Mindy smiled and waved back to the truck driver, thinking that it was rather odd for someone to do that on the highway. Every time she passed a Semi, the same thing would happen. “I wonder what’s happening?” she said under her breath as she turned off the highway and proceeded toward the tollbooth. 

Mindy grabbed 3 tokens as she rolled up to the tollbooth attendant. “Good morning.” Mindy said to the attendant but all he could do was stare and stutter “H-H-Hello miss.” as she drove off. “Now that’s very strange.” She said as she reached down to scratch an itch on her thigh. That’s when she realized with a gasp that the familiar feeling of the dress wasn’t there. Mindy looked down in shock as she realized that the wind coming though the car windows had blown her dress up exposing her white thighs and wet, glistening pussy. “Oh my God!” she said loudly as she pulled the dress hem down to her knees where it belonged. 

Mindy parked the car and walked to the closest entrance to the amusement park. She paid the entrance fee and headed towards the park. As Mindy passed thought the gate, part of her dress snagged onto it. There was an audible pop as some of the buttons started to give. As she looked down, Mindy noticed that a few of the buttons on the top of her dress had popped off and was exposing a fairly good amount of cleavage. “Whoa!” said the Teenage boy who was stamping red smiley faces onto peoples hands.

Mindy quickly walked up to the map on the bulletin board located in the middle of the square. She took the pamphlet with a map of the park and attractions. After noting the ones she wanted to go to, Mindy placed it in her dress pocket. Her plans for today were to show a little skin (and make it look like an accident). Already today she had inadvertently done that more than she had planned to. After getting her bearings, she proceeded to the first ride on her list.

*The Turkish Twist 

*For those of you that don’t know what the Turkish twist is. The Turkish twist is a ride where you are strapped against the wall of a round “room” while it spins. On some rides the floor drops out and you stay against the wall due to centrifugal force.

Mindy waited in line for 10 minutes before getting onto the ride. The young man in charge of the ride paid particular attention to the straps that held Mindy’s arms to her side. The straps held her tight enough so that she couldn’t move her arms. “It’s to stop your arms from hitting yourself,” the teenager explained as he tugged a little tighter, causing her chest to be thrust forward and upward.

Soon enough, the teenager was done checking everyone. He headed to the controls and engaged the large switch to start the ride. Slowly the ride started to spin. Faster and faster it went until Mindy started to feel herself getting pressed against the wall. And then it happened. At first it was nothing more than her dress started to shift to the side. But after a few minutes, her right breast started to pop out of her dress. Mindy tried to shrug her shoulders in an attempt to get her tit back under dress, but this only made things worse. By the time the ride was winding down, the dress had slid off her right shoulder leaving her breast completely exposed. When the ride had come to a complete stop, the teenage boy walked up to Mindy and cupped his hand under her breast and placed it back inside her dress top. As he removed the last strap holding her arms, Mindy brushed her hand on his cheek and kissed him saying “thank you sweetie.” She looked down and noticed the bulge in his pants and the telltale wet spot. Even though she was more than shocked at her brazen act, Mindy still chuckled to herself as she walked away. 


The next ride: Whitewater Express

Mindy had been dying to go on this ride. All she could think of was the last plunge into the pool riding the log. This line was much longer than the previous ride. The line traveled in a serpentine path that went around half of the ride. Part of the path traversed a bridge that went over the large pool that the people in the boat landed in. Mindy had not been paying attention to her surroundings when she heard a series of screams and one large splash. Turning to see where the sound came from placed her standing before a large wave traveling fast and straight. “Oh my!!” Mindy exclaimed, as the wave slammed into her, pouring cold water down her face. The material became transparent and clung to her body very tightly. Mindy’s breasts and hardening nipples became visible to everyone. Even her neatly trimmed pussy could be seen. As if things couldn’t get worse, in an attempt to turn around in haste and leave, Mindy lost her balance and slipped on the wet walkway. When the stars stopped swimming around her head, Mindy became aware of gasps from other woman along with laughter from some little kids. “Mommy, she’s not wearing any underwear.” One little boy said. Mindy pulled the dress down from around her waist, got up as fast as she could and ran away before security could respond to the report of a girl exposing herself. “That was too close,” Mindy said as she walked briskly off to the next ride. 

Mindy tries to dry her dress in the female’s restrooms

Mindy went into the ladies room to use the hand drier on her dress. She couldn’t stop, the warm air felt so good as it blew up her dress. Mindy hadn’t noticed anyone else in the ladies room, so she lifted up the bottom of her dress and directed her pussy in front of the drier. The warm air blowing felt like a tongue lightly flicking her now swollen clitoris. Mindy was biting her lower lip and moaning in pleasure when she heard a cough. Mindy’s breathing stopped. “Please let that be coming from one of the stalls.” She whispered to herself. “I don’t mean to intrude,” came a small voice from behind. “I just really need to pee.” Mindy turned around to see who was there. Starring at Mindy was a teenage girl. She looked to about 18 years old. All the girl could do was stare at Mindy, who was standing in the middle of the woman’s bathroom with her fingers spreading her lips open and her red, engorged clit covered in juices as it dripped down her thigh. Mindy ran out of the bathroom and out into the crowd trying to blend in so as not get caught with her “fingers in the honey pot” again. “I’ve got to slow down before things get out of hands.” Mindy muttered to herself as she disappeared into the crowd on this busy Saturday. 

Mindy rides to the top of the Ferris wheel to see the park

Mindy looked up high to the sky at the ride before her. The Ferris wheel had always held a special place in her heart. Ever sense she was a child, the Ferris wheel was the definitive ride if you wanted to see the park from one spot. She had fond memories of eating cotton candy while being so high up. It was almost like flying. This was to be the perfect end to a perfect, yet challenging day. “I’ll just do this ride then it’s home.” Mindy said to herself as she walked up the line. As Mindy climbed into the basket, the attendant smiled and told her to enjoy the ride. The ride was everything she had remembered and so much more. She closed her eyes as the Ferris wheel made its gently circle towards the heavens. It felt as if she was a child again, flying across the sky with the wind in her hair. But just as her childhood had come to an end, so to was the ride. The familiar feeling of the Ferris wheel advancing so the next carriage was able to unload wasn’t enough to remove that feeling of nostalgia Mindy was experiencing. Mindy stepped off the ride and paused. Standing there, on the edge of the carriage, it was all coming back. The smell of cotton candy, popcorn and fried dough with powdered sugar sprinkled on top of it.

She was lost in the moment, but that was about to change in ways Mindy wasn’t prepared for. Mindy hadn’t stepped far enough forward and as the carriage moved up, the safety bar snagged on her dress. It only took a matter of seconds and Mindy’s dress was pulled up over her head. The buttons popped off and fell down making a sound that made everyone look. Her dress was sent 15 feet up in the air. Mindy screamed in shock as her tits, pussy and ass went on public display. “Oh my god, please get my dress down!” Mindy pleaded the operator, as she attempted to cover herself with her hands. “I can’t.” the operator said. “The thing spins in one direction only”. Mindy stared at the dress hanging up there when she remembered where she was and what she was wearing, or not wearing for that matter.

In a panic, Mindy ran, she ran as fast as she could. The only problem was where to run? The park seemed more packed than it was when she was clothed. She knew it was a Saturday, Saturday noon, Saturday noon at an amusement park. Of course it was crowded. “Name any day it would be busier.” Mindy said as she sprinted through a group of teenagers, all of which were calling her to come back. Mindy’s tits were starting to hurt from her running. On top of that, she was running out of breath. Try as she might, Mindy needed to stop and catch her breath. The first thing that looked as if it might provide some shelter was the House of Mirrors. Although there was mirrors everywhere you looked, it was hard to see anyone unless you were directly behind them. As luck would have it, there was no one in line for this and there was no attendant watching it. 

Mindy slipped inside the entrance and felt her way inside to what she thought was the middle. Mindy turned around staring at the nude lady in the mirror before her. “What the hell have you gotten yourself into this time girl?” she said loudly at herself. Mindy looked herself up and down in the mirror. It was strange to see her reflection from so many angles. She was mesmerized at the sight of herself. Her hair was wet with sweat. Her breasts were hot to the touch. There was a small trickle of sweat dripping down between her tits and that familiar tingling coming from between her legs. It all felt so unreal, artificial and yet there she was, completely naked in the middle of the amusement park. This wasn’t like the beach. At the beach, it’s a little more understandable to see people maybe not nude but at last scantly dressed. Mindy could wait any longer. She had caught her breath and needed to get to her car. At least there was a spare set of keys under the wheel well and some cloths in the trunk. “Move!” she yelled at herself. She had to do that just to get her feet moving. Mindy made her way to the exit of the House of Mirrors. Cautiously she peered out towards the park. She tried to remember the map, the map that was 15 feet in the air last time she saw it. “Come on Mindy, where the hell is the exit?” she muttered. And then she saw something she remembered from the map. Out in front of her, at about 150 feet, was the fountain in the square. Looking out Mindy noticed that the traffic of people hadn’t slowed down. It was now or never and never just wasn’t an option.
Mindy braced herself for the next dash that would get her to the exit and on her way to her car. She ran as fast as she could, at first she tried to cover her tits with her hands but realized that it slowed her down too much. Gasps and catcalls started to burn her ears. She also was becoming aware of the flashes going off as she crashed into a group of Japanese tourist looking up at the map. Mindy stumbled into one man and fell hard into the fountain taking him with her. She stood up gasping and choking for air. More flashes went off as she wiped the water from her eyes. “Oh my god!!!” she shrieked and made a dash for the last 20 feet that would get her past the gate. Once outside, Mindy had to cross two blocks to the parking lot her car was in. Mindy hadn’t stopped running and was starting to become winded. A couple of guys driving by started driving at the same pace as Mindy. “Hey baby, your cloths catch on fire?” the driver yelled out. Mindy turned down a one way to get a way from those guys. 

After what felt like an eternity, Mindy finally made to her car. She had to bend over to reach the key hiding under the wheel well. While doing this, she unwillingly showed off her bald pussy and tight little asshole to anyone driving by. Mindy opened the trunk of her car and pulled out the spare cloths. After getting dressed, Mindy drove to a mall to collect herself. She put the car in park and ran her fingers though her hair. “Man, have I got to be more careful next time.” Mindy sighed and drove home.

Home at last 

Mindy got home and jumped into the shower. It felt good to have hot water taking away all the stress she had inadvertently brought on herself. After getting out of the shower, Mindy wrapped herself in her favorite terrycloth bathrobe and went to lie down on her bed to relax. She grabbed the remote and turned on the local News. Sports and Weather came and went without notice, but then Mindy heard the Anchorman talking. “And in an unrelated story, here is the latest images from a amateur video taken at the Seashore Amusement Park, where apparently there was a lady running around nude, Police have yet to ascertain her identity…” “OH MY GOD!!!” was all that Mindy could say. 
