Maggy at Camp - Bare Bottoms in Bear Cabin
by SDS

Part 1: Cabin Traditions

I had just unpacked ready for my first day at camp, when Michelle, the oldest camper in our cabin and self designated leader, dropped the bombshell on us.

“Ok girls,you know the tradition! Bear Cabin let’s go bare!” She announced getting a wave of giggles from the others in the room. It was my first year at camp but it seemed like all of the other girls had been coming for years and they all seemed to understand what our cabin leader meant.

I was dumbstruck, what did she mean? Before I could voice my question however the unthinkable happened. The blond amazon of a young woman reached beneath her regulation camp skirt and removed her shorts and quickly followed this by also removing her (in my modest shy girl opinion) adult style panties from beneath.

My cheeks blushed red and my jaw hung open in scandalised shock. She was naked underneath her short dark green camp skirt, the once modest outfit suddenly reminded me of the slutty Halloween costumes. I quickly scanned the room for the others' reactions but instead only found to my growing horror the other girls all doing the same.

I watched a younger girl as she removed her big white childish knickers and then my eyes flicked to some of the girls my own age giggling as they also removed their modesty shorts and seemingly without hesitation dropped their underwear to the ground too.

“Oh you’re the new girl aren’t you” said Michelle coming up on me from the side while I was busy gawking as a red haired girl twirled her bright pink knickers around above her head, dancing in silly laughter. “yea” I managed at last looking back at the gorgeous blond who had just approached me. I had to look up to her as she was tall, strikingly pretty and had a woman’s full curves, unlike my own just developing curves.

“Don’t worry sweetie, it’s just our tradition, we all go bare bottomed on the first day of camp in Bear Cabin” she winked at me. “It's a mark of trust and sisterhood” She looked at my blushing face and her naughty smile only grew. “Come on, join us, get your panties off girl”

I grasped for words, my face blushed even deeper red just thinking about doing something so embarrassing. “but…but what if someone sees?” I stuttered nervously. The rest of the eleven girls in the cabin were all looking at me now making me feel very self-conscious and singled out.

“Don’t be so silly!” Michelle laughed, patting me on my shoulder in an overlay familiar manner. The older girl intimidated me in a big way making me feel like a little girl in comparison despite the one year age gap. “It’s only orientation today, were not doing any activities that would risk exposing your… your woowoo” she giggled at her own use of the childish word.

“but…” I tried to start but was lost for words. The other stares of the other girls melted my protests and I felt peer pressure like I had never before in my life. My mother always said to me ‘if your friends jumped off a cliff would you?’ Turns out for these girls I might. Why were they all ok with this? Why was I the only one that had a problem with doing this? Would the other girls shun me if I declined? All these thoughts flushed through me making me feel silly for not going along with the tradition.

“Bear Bear Bear Bear…” Michelle started and soon the whole room joined in chanting the cabin’s name making my heat beat faster as if some primal ritual was occurring.

Blushing like a sun-ripened tomato, I reached beneath my own short camp skirt and pulled down the regulation shorts. The pair we had to wear underneath to preserve our modesty while doing the various sporting activities of the camp. The room erupted into cheers as my shorts dropped to my ankles as I sheepishly stepped out of them.

I was about to protest that it was as far as I could go when the chanting started up again “Bear Bear Bear Bear Bear…” oh god it was so awful with everyone watching me so closely as I reached below again trying my best to keep myself covered. It felt so strange as I removed my knickers in front of the room. They all watched as my blue and white striped knickers came into view. They were neither childish or adult, just a normal boring pair of panties as the room cheered in joy at the sight of them. From their reactionary cat-calls and wolf-whistles you’d have thought I had been a bachelorettestripper. I just blushed an even deeper red that grept to my best as I carefully stepped out of my knickers, the feeling of exposed freedom washed over me losing my breath for a second.

I was now bare down below, just like the rest of the Bear Cabin girls. Despite my embarrassment, I felt a mad rush of joy in joining in their naughty ritual, I suddenly understood why they all did this every year. It was our shared secret, none of us dare reveal and yet we could all share in the inside joke.

The rest of the morning passed without incident. I quickly got used to being undieless as I walked around giggling with the other girls. We met with more girls and even some boys from the other cabins, the thrill of what we were doing grew into an almost kinky pleasure for me. The skirts were short but luckily also rigid, I could probably have hung upside down without it even moving or exposing me further. The only problem I quickly discovered was when I sat down, I had to be extra careful not to flash my private area when I did so.

I got to know the other girls better and my love of camp blossomed and my earlier fears and worries were quickly blown away. That was until the induction meeting.


Part 2: Inspection of the bears

The camp was run by the church and had some very traditional ideas about propriety and discipline. We had all had to hand in our mobile phones when we arrived as one example of this. It was supposed to be a wholesome life skill building experience without the trappings of modern life. I yawned along with the other girls as the large robust women in charge went on and on about rules. I however was snapped back to attention when she brought up one particular point, “...and now due to the incidents in previous years we will once again now have an inspection.” She let out a loud sigh, “I can’t believe I’m having to do this again but Cabin Bear you come up first please.”

The other girls were really giggling now and a few passed whispers between themselves as we all stood up (very carefully in my case) from the floor of the hall and made our way to the raised stage in front of everybody, both boys and girls.

“What’s going on?” I asked the girl Amy in front of me nervously.

She was trying to suppress a giggle but instead just answered me “oh It’s nothing ...don’t worry about It, happens every year” I wanted to know more but quickly we were lined up on stage in front of the gathered boys and girls of the other cabins. There were over 200 teens like myself sat on the floor below watching us. A few whispered to each other although many were shushed quickly by the staff.

I felt like all eyes were on me but I put it down to my imagination. I watched curiously as the big lady walked between us, inspecting our uniform. She passed me without comment. I let out a sign of relief. This however was very short lived…

The large woman cleared her throat and announced loudly “ I can’t believe I have to do this again... but Michelle you go first show me your shorts” My eyes went wide as I looked over at our cabin leader. She didn't even blush as she shimmied her skirt up her lovely long legs. My heart hammered, my eyes went wide and time seemed to slow, the skirt went up and Michelle now stood on stage exposing her … her … her shorts!

I almost fainted right then. One by one the same instruction was given to my fellow bunkmates and to my absolute devastation each one lifted up their skirts to reveal the boring pair of shorts I had seen them remove that morning. The same kind of shorts I had removed along with my knickers. Whether they had been wearing two pairs earlier or had all secretly redressed since I knew I had been set up. I was at the end of the line so had to endure each other girl revealing her shorts as the big burly camp matron ordered each to lift their skirts.

Finally she reached me, I felt sick, I was dizzy, almost ready to faint. “Ah the new girl, Margret wasn’t it?” The woman was terrifying, she had the Miss Trunchbull vibe to her from my favorite film as a little girl. “M...Maggy Miss” I stuttered much to the delight of my cabin mates and the few in the audience close enough to hear by quite voice.

“Well Magret” she went on totally ignoring my preference of name “Go on girl, show your shorts so I can move onto the next group” Her eyes bore into me and in an instant I knew she knew I wasn’t wearing any.

“I...C...C...Can’t Miss” I whimpered. My legs were clamped together now, despite being totally covered I felt naked and humiliated already.

“You can’t? Why are you not wearing any shorts?” She asked loudly and sternly, getting a collective giggle from the crowd who were now all really interested in me. They were quickly shushed by other staff members.

“”N...n..no miss” I was bright red now and under the bright stage lighting I must have shone.

“Well you are going to have to lift your skirt anyway. Showing your undergarments to your other campmates will be a good lesson in modesty and why we insist all girls wear shorts at our camp”

This brought even more excited laughter from the other boys and girls who were eager to see my knickers. However this wasn’t possible as I was naked under my skirt.

“Go on girl, you’re holding everyone up” She said impatiently

“I can't,” I whispered loud enough for only her to hear. “I’m not...not wearing any” This was a nightmare, the type you get when you turn up naked to school but it was actually happening to me. I was the center of attention for all the wrong reasons.

“You're not wearing any!” She boomed causing a mad laugh and quickly shushed excitement from the crowd.

“That is a clear camp uniform violation! We can’t have girls thinking they can break the rules like this year after year!” She stared down at me angrily, the fat of her face creasing into a horrifying frown.


Part 3: Punishment for the bare bear

“Well since you're so eager to bare your little bottom, I’ll have to show you some good old fashioned discipline. Emily be a dear and bring me over my stool and ruler please”

My head was swimming in confusion, surely this couldn't be real? What did she mean? Why did she need a stool and ruler? I was always a good girl growing up and so my parents hadn’t needed to discipline me like they had my older brothers. I wanted to run but where could I go, I wanted to beg but words dried up in my throat. I was so used to being a polite young lady, always following the instructions of my teachers and other adults.

“Now Margret, bend over the stool and assume the position”

She planned to spank me! I felt like I had no control of my body, it was like an out of body experience as I was maneuvered towards and bent over the stool by the horrible woman. My barely covered bottom was facing all of the other teenagers and I cringed wondering if any of them could see up my skirt from this position.

I let out a shocked intake of break and was brought back to reality as my skirt was tugged upwards. I was gripping the stool legs, getting any comfort I could trying to pretend this wasn’t happening to me. My pale bare bottom was revealed firstly to the large heavy set woman and then to the rest of the crowd as she moved out of the way. I wanted with every fiber of my being to cover myself up, to run away, to hide my nudity. I made the mistake of glancing backwards. Seeing everyone in the hall trying to get a better look at me only brought more shame. The girls smirking, the boys openly lusting at my naked bum was too much. I closed my eyes, I could feel a faint breeze tickling my exposed flesh, it felt unreal to be exposed like this. The laughter and roudyiness of the crowd was settled before the spanking started, extending my shame to unbearable levels. I whimpered to myself, tears already running down my face and falling to the wooden floorboards below as I braised myself in defeated suspense.

*Waaap!* The wooden ruler caught me by surprise stinging across my readied bottom. I let out a pained squeak which was answered by cries of delight and laughter from the audience. I didn’t know how many she would give me as I reddied myself again gripping the wooden legs so tight my knuckles turned white.

When I was almost about to turn to look back she struck again *Waaap!* “This time catching the same already stunning area making me cry out louder much to everyone's delight. I barely had time to catch my breath as the next one hit, the speed and lack of delay catching me by surprise. *Waaap!* I let out a girly scream that echoed around the room. I was sobbing now and everyone could hear me when the laughing crowd quieted again.

“Emily,please go and retrieve a pair of suitable underwear and a top from the spare clothes box for Margret while I finish up dear” The old bag said to my grinning cabin mate who skipped off on her second errand of the evening.

I hoped she was done and wondered what I needed a top for but this thought was quickly lost as my bottom was assailed again. *Waaap!* she hit me low, striking a stinging blow on the top of my legs. My legs felt weak, the only thing stopping me moving was the fear I might expose my most private area to the crowd if I jumped up.

I opened my eyes briefly looking towards my bunk mates who were all grinning down at me getting a frontrow view of my humiliation. The betrayal I felt towards my new friends was unreal, they had sent me up and now I was exposed beyond belief.

I put my head back down again staring at floor, bracing for a hit that took forever to come. *Waaap!* *Waaap!* I tried to keep some semblance of pride and bite by lip to stop myself crying out from the impact. However the unexpected double canning took me my surprise causing me to cry out on the second hit as once again the room laughed as I jerked in shocked pain.

I could just make out comments about the new red streaks across my bottom or how I cried like a little girl and other mean remarks from the jumble of voices. “Even better than last year!” I heard the ginger girl from my bunk whisper loudly to Michelle.


Part 4: Uniform Confiscation

Emily reappeared with some clothing bundled up in her hands. The Matron took these from her and to my absolute relief passed over the wooden roller to back back in it’s palace displayed proudly in the corner. I dare not move but longed to pull my skirt back down to conceal my pale cane marked bottom.

The woman bent down behind me, thankfully concealing my exposure from the room again and lifted my foot. I didn't protest as she dressed me like a little child putting the knickers over each of my pumps before before pulling them up my legs. Mortifyingly Emily had chosen a pair of childish knickers covered in little cartoon fruit characters, they were a paste pink with a white trim and bow in the centre.

“Stand up now girl!” She ordered me as she stepped back letting the crowd giggle at my underwear now. I quickly stood up pulling down my skirt but had other plans for me.

“Since you’ve disrespected the camp uniform, you will now go without it for two days!” She announced as I could only stare up at her in open mouthed shock. It was almost a relief when she did not order me to undress myself, as I was shaking so much I don’t think I would have been able to. Again handling me like a little child she unfastened my skirt and tugged it to my ankles, I went to cover up my exposed knicker clad bottom but she moved my hands away without a word. I was a teenager but must have looked like a little girl crying on stage with such embarrassing childish panties on show.

She didn't stop there however and quickly removed my camp jacket and logoed t-shirt much to everyone's amusement who laughed and cheered from the floor. I had my back to them but that didn't make it much better as I sood in only my bra, knickers and pumps up on stage. The knickers were a bit too small and so showed a little of my bum cheek not that this was worse than my fully naked bottom being on show earlier.

“A padded Bra! she announced to the room, digging my shame even deeper pointing to my exposed padded bra. “Is not needed at this conservative camp young lady. You should feel comfortable with the assets God gave you!” I quickly covered my bra from her but this was of little consequence as she deftly unclipped it from behind and pulled this from me. I let out a squeak of shame fuling my already sobbing state of mortificaiton. Everyone let out a shocked gasp as she left me topless on stage cupping my little boobies and showing off my full naked back. My blush had spread to my exposed chest now and I felt faint. This was a nightmare beyond nightmares.

Finally I looked at the top, a simple white vest found from the space clothes box. One last ordeal of humiliation was forced upon me as she made me raise my hands so she could pull the vest over my naked top. I felt like I was going to faint as my bunkmates stared at my perky little pale breasts, luckily hidden from the other campers. The expression on their faces was clear, they were as surprised and shocked as me. Their yearly pranks hadn’t even pushed the camp matron this far before.

“Right back with the other girls now!!” She yelled leaving me to stagger with shaky legs back to my group. The white vest only just reached below my belly button, every inch of my childish knickers were now on show. How would I ever live it down with my entire camp seeing me like this especially after a spanking. We had the rest of this induction, some supper and even some evening activities to follow.

The smirks were quickly wiped from the rest of Bear Cabins faces however with the Matrons next proclamation

“Since it should be a bunks responsibility to look after and guide new members, this punishment will extend to the rest of the cabin. Lucy from Eagle Cabin, would you please go find me eleven more tops for these girls”

I looked at my cabin mates as the blood drained from their faces. It seemed their plan had backfired.

“You heard me Bear Cabin, I don’t have time to undress you all like I did little Marget here so get stripping or I’ll find some helpers from another cabin to do it for you.”

