Mile High Exhibitionist
by Stroak

Horny girl wants to check the mile high box.

Most of my stories are based on fantasies of girlfriends, that I then bring to life. These stories, when read by the requester, typically led to magical displays of gratitude.


Marie Jackson didn't like flying. She liked to be at least somewhat in control. Since that wasn't an option -- the airline flat out refused her request to be co-pilot -- something to do with her not having a license and even if she did ...... So, she decided to have a couple of drinks in the airport bar just to soothe the nerves.

She was looking forward to her trip to Austria -- she hadn't seen her fun young friend in years and now they were going to leave all their domestic pressures behind them and just go a little wild on their two week girlie adventure.

She wondered if Amie's tight little body was still as she remembered it -- and she hoped that married life hadn't completely extinguished her bubbly adventurous spirit. She reminisced about some of the escapades they had gotten into as well as the time they drank too much and played a little game of strip poker that led to the first lesbian experience either of them ever had.

At least that's what Amie said but Marie felt that she really seemed to know what she was doing. Marie loves men, but that experience has always kept her vigilant for opportunities with hot young women -- and she has boldly grabbed them on occasion.

The sexy memories and nice glass of cabernet were rudely interrupted by the PA system announcing the last call for flight AA232 to Austria. "Shit!" she yelped, dropped 20 bucks on the bar and ran to the gate that was just around the corner. "Hope 20 bucks was enough" she thought. Then again, the barman had been enjoying watching her uncross and cross her legs on the bar stool, catching the occasional glimpse of white panties under her short skirt.

She enjoyed providing a little entertainment -- it always got her juices flowing. Walking on to the plane, her fear of flying was completely overshadowed by the lustful thoughts soaking her mind.

Plane didn't seem too full. "Hopefully I can have a row to myself and give my pussy a good rub -- finally join the mile-high club", she thought as she slipped into her window seat in the last row of the middle section of the plane, with the other 2 seats vacant.

It stayed that way until she was sure they were about to close the doors. A young lad came in looking a little flustered, like he had just run to catch the flight. "Not too good looking but nice firm body -- I wonder if he's legal?" she thought to herself with no real intentions but also a clear conscience, thanks in part to her "fear of flying" liquor intake.

She wasn't sure he was worth the loss of her own row which she was determined was going to provide the pussy rub of a lifetime. So while she checked out the bulge in his pants as he walked toward her row, she breathed a small sigh of relief as he walked past. He then stopped 2 rows later and returned -- "I think this is me", he said with a shyness that convinced Marie he was not yet "legal tender".

He opened the storage unit above their row and stashed his jacket and carry-on luggage -- he took his time and since he couldn't see Marie's face, she took advantage and gave his package a more concentrated review. "Quite fucking nice!", she thought "If someone were to come along and close the storage unit tight on his hands so he couldn't move, I could just reach out and unzip his pants -- take his young cock in my mouth ....... Ok,ok, it's a bit of stretch".

She was feeling so fucking hot and horny. Young James tried to make small talk and told Marie he had just finished his freshman year of college. Said he'd enjoyed it and spoke hesitantly about girls -- Marie was convinced that he was probably still a virgin despite having gone out with the same girl since he was a Junior in high school.

While he seemed like a nice young man, he was not going to be of use in her mission to join the mile high club -- indeed, he was going to prove a hindrance. She looked around but all the empty rows had been grabbed by the ever-vigilant frequent flyers who snatched them up as soon as the doors were closed.

When drinks came around, he asked the stewardess if she had any sleeping pills (he'd forgotten his) as he too was none too keen on flying. Stewardess said she could not provide those, so Marie offered him a couple of hers. She had decided not to take hers yet as she still hoped to complete her mission, even if it meant going against her pledge not to take the easy option of doing it in the bathroom. She wanted to avoid that but she knew she was going to have to take care of the warm, moist sensation between her legs.

Dinner came and went, along with another couple of glasses of wine. Marie started watching the movie which wasn't really of much interest to her. Halfway through she'd had enough and took off the earphones. By now the cabin was in darkness, it was around midnight and most of the plane was asleep.

A lucky older gentleman had snared the entire center section of seats in their row and was fast asleep. The couple sitting in front of her appeared to be asleep with the plane-style blindfolds on -- kinky! The sleeping pills appeared to have knocked James out -- he was apparently fast asleep with a blanket wrapped around him.

Nature was calling and Marie had to decide how to get out. Should she wake the young man or just try to step over him. She looked at him and he appeared to be completely out of it. She decided on the latter -- facing him she lifted her left leg (the great body wasn't just for show -- she worked hard to maintain that fit and flexible body) up and over his outstretched legs. Her short skirt was stretched across her firm thighs and as she lifted her right leg up to step across him, she realized that he would have a great view of her sexy white panties if only he were awake -- how he would regret this if he only knew.

She took her time stepping across -- with the cabin curtain closed over there was no-one further down the plane able to see her. Was it just her imagination or did his eyes just open ever so slightly. After completing her escape she looked at his face for an indication of life. "Nothing. Just my overactive imagination, I guess" she thought.

She went into the bathroom and quickly squatted to relieve the pressure on her bladder. As she sat there she replayed what just happened in her mind -- "I could swear I saw movement in his eyes". She stood up without pulling up her panties and admired her trim little pussy in the mirror. She put her hand down between her legs to see if her clit was ready to come out and play. "Damn, that feels good" as she rubbed the little nub.

She lifted one foot up to the little counter allowing herself a great view of her glistening slit. She moved her other hand down and spread her now pouting pussy lips. She exposed her clit and then used her right index finger to rub her now engorged clit. She was only going to do it for a second, but it felt so friggin' good. Her juices were really starting to flow and she slipped her right middle finger down between her lips and into her now soaking cunt -- she loved saying that word. Cunt. Lick my fucking cunt. Stick your hard cock in my cunt. It is such a taboo word. She likes taboo.

Her cunt wants an adventure. She decides to head back to her seat -- after putting her panties in her skirt pocket. As she walked back to her row, she looked to see who around them was still awake -- no-one in her row or the row in front of them.

She stood there looking down at James who was still lying there facing straight up -- not the typical fetal position you'd expect of someone trying to sleep. She stood there with her naked pussy just inches away from his face, still shielded albeit barely, by her short skirt.

She opened the storage unit and got up on her toes as she pretended to look for something. She wondered if he was awake, if he could see her naked, trim little pussy underneath her skirt. Her pussy was melting at the thought. She closed the door and lifted her right leg across his legs. She checked to see if anyone was looking and also looked down the aisle through the little gap in the curtain to see if anyone was coming their way. All was quiet.

With her legs spread across his, she pulled her skirt up slightly so that her pussy was clearly exposed to her young prey. She still couldn't tell if he had his eyes slightly open or not. She reached down and pulled her pussy lips up and apart with her expert right hand -- "Fuck, I wish he would just reach forward and sip my dripping wet pussy, lick my cunt like a fucking soft serve ice cream".

She was on fire and would kill to have a tongue lap at her slick pussy -- any tongue, even that of her dog Jaags who was always sniffing around when she collapsed on the couch after a run. "Jaags, if you were here right now I would finally let you lick this pussy you've been dying to taste. That big long tongue lapping at my pussy, my asshole".

She came back to the situation and realized she better sit down. She reluctantly collapsed into her seat and looked at James. Eyes not open -- if he is awake, he is showing remarkable restraint.

Marie sat there with her heart beating like she'd just run a 5k. She was not giving up. She took her blanket and pulled it over her, sitting with her back to the window, her right leg lying flat across the middle seat and her left leg pointing forward. Underneath the blanket her skirt was pulled up and her pussy wide open.

She continued rubbing her frantic pussy which was urging her to rub faster and harder, to slip something long and hard up her cunt. Demanding more, harder, faster, fuck! Wait a minute, now James had turned somewhat on his left side so he was now facing her. This was too much of a coincidence.

Emboldened, she took another look to assess the situation and then sat back and pulled the blanket across to completely reveal her shiny, pleading, beautiful pink pussy. She was now certain his eyes were open ever so slightly -- and did she just see some movement under his blanket?

She was beyond reason and reached forward to move his blanket up onto his side. His cock was in his hand -- rock hard and being pumped furiously. She had been on the edge for so long that she wasn't going to be able to hold off any longer. 2 fingers of her left hand were brutally fucking her tight little cunt while her right hand rubbed her clit in an uncontrolled blur.

All this time her eyes were fixed on the huge hard-on that James was stroking violently. His hips were humping forward such that Marie knew he was about to come. Her own orgasm rushed through her body as James shot his cum across her left thigh.

She watched the cum shoot through the air and could barely prevent herself from letting out a deep groan, as another orgasm quickly followed the first. His eyes were now as open as his mouth and she knew that he wouldn't forget this moment. Ever. "Just wait until I tell Amie -- I bet she gives my pussy a good tongue lashing as a reward!".
