My Wife And The Open Blinds At The Emergency Room 
by elecombc

How my wife's medical exam was visible to other guys at the emergency room.

I recently accompanied my wife to the emergency room at our closest hospital for some cramps that she was having in the lower part of her stomach down under her belly button. The cramps weren’t terribly bad but didn’t go away so we thought it best to go to the emergency room since it would probably take a week to get an appointment at her normal doctor’s office. It was about 10 p.m. when we got to the emergency room at the hospital. We went through the process of getting checked in.
We were taken to a hallway outside the exam rooms where there were chairs and benches on one side of the hallway the exam rooms on the other side of the hallway. There were people on both sides of the hallway waiting. The people on the exam room side were standing since there were no chairs on that side. We were added to the line and we slowly moved down the hallway advancing in the line as a new room would come available. As it turns out, the normal waiting room was being remodeled and couldn’t be used. By the time we were taken to an actual exam room, it was about midnight.
There were four exam rooms along the right side of the hallway. There were quite a lot of people waiting in the hallway and all of the chairs had people in them.  Like normal, the ones who were standing were the men that didn’t have a chair. My wife sat down in one of the open chairs and I stood near her on the other side of the hall with the other guys.
We waited around that hallway for over an hour to be seen. During that time people were taken to exam rooms and then the doctors would go to each exam room to see the patient. After they were finished, they would be escorted out and the room would be cleaned and prepared for the next patient.
The hallway was dimly lit, which, I was told, was because it was the night shift according to the person that I had asked. The one weird thing that I noticed as I was waiting in the hallway was that each exam room had a window on it. The window was about two to three feet tall and about two feet wide and it was clear glass. There were blinds on the inside of the window but on each side of the blinds was a small gap of about half inch like the blinds were the wrong size for the window or something.
As I stood outside one of these doors, I noticed that I could see into the exam room if I was close to the door which the guys that were standing in the hallway were. Men were standing in the hallway and milling around waiting for their turn to be seen so possibly they could be standing right in front of a door and peering through the small gap on the side of the window and nobody would even know because that is where they were standing in line.
As people were escorted in and out of the rooms you could see inside the room from the hallway where we were and I noticed that the head of the exam table was on the opposite wall of the door facing the door. The rooms were not very large as maybe about ten by ten feet so the bottom of the exam table where a patient’s feet would be was about four or five feet from the door opening.
The blinds on the door that I was standing in front of were turned facing down and because of that, people in the hallway could not look down through the blinds and see into the room. I thought to myself that if the blinds were turned the other direction and not completely closed it would be very possible for someone standing outside that door could easily see inside the room down through the blinds. I mean, anyone could possibly turn the blinds so that they were slightly open and it would probably not even be noticed.
As I was standing in the hallway and we were waiting for our room, I was thinking about how the doctor was going to determine what was causing my wife’s cramps and what kind of exam she was going to have. I thought that possibly, the doctor might order some blood work, ask her a bunch of questions, and feel around her abdomen and stomach.  Remembering Ava’s history of military doctors always performing pelvic exams on her, I thought it would be probable that this doctor might perform a pelvic exam on her as well which led me back to the thought of the blinds on the window. I mean, if the blinds were slightly open, then anyone standing in the hallway could possibly see my wife laying on the exam table with her feet in the stirrups facing the window or even watch my wife having a pelvic exam and even if the blinds weren’t turned up and slightly open, someone could still see through the left or right side of the blinds. This was crazy.
As we were moving down the hallway and getting closer to being the next to be called to go into an exam room, I noticed that two of the four exam room door blinds were actually turned up instead of down. I don’t know why but they were. I was still unable to see into those rooms because the blinds were completely closed but I thought that it wouldn’t take much to open them slightly. Anyway, after a very long time waiting for a room, my wife’s name was called and we were escorted in front of everyone else in the hall into one of these exam rooms by an assistant and it was one of the rooms with the blinds that were facing up instead of down.
There was a chair behind where the door opens, a side chair beside the exam table on one side, and a stool and cabinet on the other side with examination stuff on it. I sat on the chair behind the door. The assistant closed the door and then told my wife to completely take off all of her clothes, put on a gown lay down on the exam table.
Then the greatest thing happened. My wife asked the girl if she could go to use the restroom first and the girl opened the door and led her down the hall.
So, I was left in the room sitting behind the open door right next to the blinds. My mind was racing at that point on if I should take a chance on messing with the blinds as I waited. There were a bunch of men standing outside the door in the hallway and men and women sitting in the chairs on the other side of the hallway. Finally, the devil inside me got the best of me and I reached up and turned the blinds a little open so that anyone outside the room could look down through the blinds and into the room. Then I wanted to actually check to see if it was enough for people in the hallway to see inside so I went out of the room and closed the door behind me and walked down the hall and around the corner. Then I immediately came back to the room and looked down through the blinds and into the room as I was opening the door.
It was perfect. Anyone standing near the door could definitely see into the room. I then turned off the big light inside the room as I entered the room so that my wife would not possibly notice when she came back from the bathroom that the blinds had been slightly opened.
After a few minutes, Ava came back from the bathroom and turned on the light in our room as she came in and asked me why I had it off. I told her that my eyes were bothering me because it was late and she said that we should keep them on. Then she locked the door so no one could come in while she was changing into the gown.
Ava looked stunning as always when she came back into the room and I am sure that had gotten the attention of the men in the hallway when she had gone to the bathroom. She then took off her shirt, bra, skirt, and underwear. She basically undressed completely naked five feet in front of the door (window). I was holding the gown that she was supposed to put on and I was sitting behind the door. She thought that I was giving her a hard time by not giving her the gown right away as she stood there naked looking at me and telling me to give her the gown but what I was really doing was just getting her to face the door naked. So, I finally gave her the gown, she put the gown on and got on the exam table.
I was certain that the guys that were in line waiting for a room standing outside our door had just watched my beautiful wife walk down the hallway from the bathroom and into our room, close the door, and then strip completely naked right in front of them before putting on her gown and she was completely unaware of all of this.
To paint the picture a little better, she is a tall Asian woman and is very beautiful, sexy, and attractive with long straight black hair, thin golden-brown tone body, and fantastic legs.  She always gets looks when we are around town from guys checking her out. I have always wanted her to be an exhibitionist or flasher but it is not her thing. Sometimes she will do a little bit of that for me in public but not very much and not very often.
So, as we were there waiting for a nurse or a doctor to come in, my wife laid on the exam table in a gown down to her knees and her feet were facing the window. I sat in the chair that was behind the door in the corner. The light in the hallway was low so you couldn’t really see out the blinds but our light was bright which meant that it was a clear bright view from the hallway looking in.
As we were waiting there, I couldn’t stop wondering what it looked like from outside the room in the hallway. Finally, I came up with the idea to go to the bathroom. So, I told Ava that I had to run to the bathroom really quickly and I should be back before the doctor comes in. I got up and left the room. As soon as I entered the hallway, I noticed three guys waiting in the hallway just outside our door. I thought to myself that there is no way that it was just a coincidence that there happen to be three guys near our door. I went to the bathroom real fast and then came back. As I walked near to our room past the three guys, I looked into the room at Ava laying there in the bed and I couldn’t believe how easy it was to see her.
The view wasn’t completely unobstructed but almost. I went into the room and sat back down in my chair. Soon the doctor came in with an assistant and asked my wife questions. He had her lay flat on her back. He felt around her stomach and below her stomach area. He then said that he is going to “need” to do a pelvic exam on her as it is routine for that type of pain. Ava looked annoyed. She must have been thinking that there is another male doctor that just “needs” to see and feel inside her pussy.
The nurse laid the top of the bed down and brought out the stirrups. She asked Ava to move down closer to the end of the bed and put her feet in the stirrups. Ava did as she had requested, meanwhile holding her hand over the part of the gown that covered her pussy.
The assistant moved up next to the bed on the opposite side of where the doctor was and she told Ava to open her legs as wide apart as she can.  At that point, Ava’s gown started sliding up onto her legs which started to expose her pussy from the view of the window. From my angle that I was sitting, I could see her pussy clearly but I wasn’t sure that the view out the door was as good as mine but it didn’t matter anyway because the assistant reached down and pulled up Ava’s gown past her stomach. It was as if she was trying to show off Ava’s pussy to everyone in the hallway. Ava was completely exposed.
I noticed at that point that I didn’t hear any guys talking in the hallway anymore. I wondered if they had all moved away from the door or something. So, Ava laid there with her feet up in the air, her legs spread wide open, and the room was as bright as it could be.
After about thirty seconds the doctor came over in between Ava’s legs and inspected her a little. I couldn’t see what he was doing because my view was blocked by him. He then told her that she is going to feel some pressure and it might be a little cold. I knew that at that point he was going to put his fingers up into her; which he did for ten or fifteen seconds. He then said that he is going to do a pap smear on her.
He got up off his stool and went over to the cabinet to get some things. He came back over to her with a speculum and put it inside of her. I heard him ratchet the speculum open and he told her to relax. The assistant went around the doctor and got a light that was on wheels and brought it to the doctor and he adjusted the light about a foot away from Ava’s pussy shining right into it as now it was spread wide open. I know this because the doctor got back up off his stool and went over to the cabinet to get something else.
During that time, Ava lay there with her pussy spread wide open with a spotlight on it. It was so pink. There is no doubt that anyone in the hallway could see the same thing that I could see. Ava just laid there staring at the ceiling. The doctor came back after about thirty seconds and finished the pap smear.
The doctor said that he was finished at that she would be able to put her clothes back on now and that she would have to wait for the results. He and the assistant then left the room. Ava got down off the table and took off her gown. She then got some tissues and began to try and wipe the lubricant from her pussy right in front of the window. She then put her underwear, bra, skirt, and shirt on and then told me that she wanted to go to the bathroom and wash up.
I opened the door for her and she walked down the hall. At this time, there were four guys standing in the same area in view of our room and the table that Ava had just been lying on. They all looked at me. I looked at them and raised my eyebrows up and down a few times and all did the same back at me. I knew exactly what they were saying and what they had seen. I went back into the room and closed the blinds.
Ava never became aware that the guys that were standing outside of our room were able to see her lying there spread wide open for quite a while in a brightly lit room. And then they were able to see her fully clothed and normal walk out of the room fully unaware that they had just seen her with her legs spread open and her pussy spread wide with the speculum and a spotlight shining up her vagina and all from about six feet away. I still don’t understand why an emergency room exam room would have a window on the door with blinds.
