Emily's Public Adventures 
by mporn595

Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 01: Emily's First…

Public masturbation did not go as planned.

Chapter 01: Emily's First Public Masturbation

Today was the day, Emily was determined to cum outside of her house. Just thinking about cumming where she wasn't supposed to got her moist. She had thought of going to a movie and masturbating in the back of the theatre but she wasn't sure that would be public enough. Next she thought about going to the mall and taking clothes into a change room, getting fully naked behind a curtain and cumming there. She had watch so many videos online of women doing that and always came herself while watching them. This was exciting but she didn't think it was risky enough. Finally she thought she would go to the public library. She was sure she would be able to find a spot in there that would give her some privacy but was also somewhat in the public eye.

The next thing on her list was how she was going to get herself off. Would she bring her trusty rabbit? No, it would be too visible if someone walked by. She figured her remote control vibrating egg might just do there trick.

That morning she had spent a little extra time in the shower making sure that her pussy was shaved very smooth. She was one of those lucky girls that never got razor burn and felt a bit sorry for girls who couldn't shave really close without getting those little red bumps.

She decided that should would wear form fitting lower cut purple sweater. She always like how her C-cup breasts looked in that sweater. She put on her most see through panties. To call them panties was a bit misleading. Technically she was covered but you could clearly see right through the sheer fabric. The fabric gave her pussy a slightly blue tint. Her brown pleated skirt hung to mid thigh. Her socks came up to mid shin and she had on some cute flats. She liked how she looked even if it was a bit on the nose schoolgirl.

Emily stood in front of her floor length mirror and looked at herself in the mirror. She thought that she looked a bit like that girl from that Buffy show only she had brown hair instead of blonde. She could see the muscles in her legs twitching, all the bike riding she had been doing was really paying off.

Emily got a backpack together with some things she might need, first the toy fresh off the charger and ready to go. Next she got a hand towel just in case she got really wet. She hoped she would. A bottle of water to stay hydrated and on a whim she decided to grab her 6 inch dildo. She didn't know if she could get away with using that in the library but at least that toy would be totally silent even if she couldn't be.

She decided that she would not insert the egg ahead of time, she would wait until she was at the library to do that. She didn't want to accidentally give herself an orgasm in the car on the ride to the library. She figured she had all she needed for her adventure not realizing that if she had just stayed home she wouldn't have ended up so embarrassed.

Driving to the library she started thinking about what she was going to do and noticed that she was starting to get wet. She thought to herself I better be careful any moisture will easily pass right through these sheer panties. She tried to put her mind elsewhere as she turned a corner and her arm brushed over her nipple. She didn't realize until then that her nipples were so hard. Brushing over one of them send a jolt of excitement through her.

Emily said out loud, "Okay, get yourself together!" And then chuckled.

Emily got to the library without any more incidents, parked the car, gathered her backpack and headed into the library. This was the main branch of the library so it was the largest one in the city. She walked around the main floor looking for an area that might do the trick. Nothing stood out to her. She took the stairs off to the side to the mezzanine level. Up here there were lots of big comfy chairs for longer reading sessions. Realizing that she thought she better find a book to have with her. She quickly found a book about a lady who travels back in time and falls in love with a man wearing something pretty similar to what she was wearing today. A kilt is just a pleated skirt right?

She picked a chair at the back of the mezzanine that gave her a good view of the library but she didn't think that anyone would be able to see much of her from the ground floor of the library. If someone else came up to her level she would have to be more careful.

She got settled in the chair and put the book on the table beside her and started looking through her back pack for her egg and its remote. She located the egg and took it out of its travel case. It occurred to her that she didn't grab any lube. She wondered if she was wet enough to insert the egg easily. She shifted in her seat and spread her legs, sliding her had up her thigh under her skirt she found the edge of her panties. As she moved her had over her swollen pussy she could feel her wetness on the outside of the panties. She didn't realize that she had gotten so wet. She grabbed the egg and slid her panties to the side and in one fluid move inserted the egg.

When she pulled her hand away she looked down and saw her velvety wetness coating her fingers. She quickly stuck her fingers in her mouth and moan slightly as she tastes herself. She grabbed the remote and turned it on to the lowest setting and she felt the egg start to dance. She felt it move around in her pussy as it settled into her, she could feel slight pressure against her g-spot. This is going to work out really well.

She grabbed her book and started reading. With her free hand Emily casually brought her hand up to her breast and gently caressed her breast running over her extremely hard nipple. She was mostly just turning pages not really paying attention to the book. Then she noticed that the time travelling lady was being ravaged by a burly man and that caught Emily's attention. She started to read the sex scene in the book she could feel the egg working it's magic. She decided to turn it up one notch and was starting to ride the wave on her way to her first orgasm.

"Excuse me ma'am, can you come with me please!"

Emily looked up from her book and she could make out the silhouette of a security guard standing in front of her. Her panic caused her orgasm to crest as she responded, "Okay." Emily was trying to figure out how she was going to walk as her orgasm started to subside. She quickly grabbed her backpack and as she stood up she turned her back to the guard so that she could put the remote in the backpack. In her haste she forgot to turn it off.

"This way, please." Said the guard.

Emily followed behind the guard wondering what he could have seen. She knew no one could have seen her insert the egg so she wasn't worried about that but yet she was nervous because she knew she was masturbating in pubic.

As they got to the main floor she saw the guard walk by a door that she had never even noticed. The guard swiped his access card, a buzzer went off and he pushed the door open. Emily followed him into the darkly light room and noticed all the monitors. It was then that she started to panic. Oh no! Cameras, why had she not thought to look for cameras?

Pointing to a rolling chair, "Please have a seat."

Emily sat down and realized that she had forgotten to turn off the damn egg! Walking around and then sitting down had caused it to shift a bit and now it was pressing on her G-spot with much more gusto. She felt a trickle of sweat from on her temple as she started worrying about having an orgasm in front of the security guard.

"My name is Brian, what is your name?"

Emily remained quiet.

Brian said, "It doesn't matter, you don't have to tell me your name, but by now you must have realized why I brought you in here. Ever since women have been having cam sessions in libraries we've had to install cameras. I am sure you can guess what I saw today?"

Emily nodded

"What do you think we should do about this?"

"Delete the footage?" Pleaded Emily.

Brian smiled, "Now why would I want to do that?"

Emily started squirming in her chair. Usually her second orgasm would rock her world and it wouldn't be unusual if she gushed while cumming. She often ejected whatever toy was in her during her orgasm. She turned bright red thinking of this.

"Do you mind if I grab my water?"

She didn't wait for an answer and put her backpack on her lap, oh god she was close. Faining looking for her water she found her remote and turned off her egg. She quickly grabbed her water, opened it and drained almost half of it. Starting to regain some composure she tried to remember if she saw signs warning the general public that there were cameras in use in the library. She didn't think she did.

"I didn't notice any signs that indicated that there would be cameras on the premises."

Brian continued to smile, "You think that makes it okay for you to do what you were doing up there?"

Feeling bolder Emily says, "You can't record people in a public place without advising them that they are being recorded. If you don't delete that footage I am going to sue the library."

Brian had lost his smile and started to look concerned. He didn't know about the legal side of the new camera system. He was just excited he had finally seen something of interest on the screens and thought he could use it to his advantage. Now he wasn't so sure.

"Why don't you delete that footage and we can forget all about it?"

Brian said, "I really don't know if I should."

Emily, feeling braver, said let's take a look at the footage and see what you recorded.

"Really?!?"

"Yes, let's have a look."

Brian started playing with the controls, as he did Emily, figuring since she had come this far why not go all the way, slipped her hand back into her backpack and turn her egg on to level one. She looked up at the screen and saw herself walk up to the chair and put her backpack down and it down. She watched herself put the book on the table beside her and saw her hand slide up her skirt. She noticed that Brian was starting to fidget in his chair. She figured watching this was having as much of an affect on him as it was her. She could feel the pressure build as she saw herself grab the egg and then insert it! Damn that was hot! Was Brian's face turning red?

She looked back at the screen just in time to see herself sticking her fingers in her mouth. Brian groaned, if she had to guess he was getting close himself. She remembered that from this point she would only be reading her book and then she saw herself caressing her breast. She heard a squeak come from Brian.

Emily cleared her throat, "I will make you a deal."

"Okay?"

Emily said, "If I am totally honest watching myself got me pretty turned on. If we both masturbate and you delete the footage and I will let bygones be bygones."

"I can live with that!" Uttered Brian.

Emily lifted her skirt so that Brian could see her swollen mound as she did he started to grunt and grunt and grunt. She could start to see the outline of a wet spot forming in his crotch.

This pushed Emily over the edge and she started to cum as well. This was one of those orgasms that built until she couldn't see straight, she felt spasm after spasm ripple through her pussy as her orgasm gave her one last contraction and the egg shot out of her and was now pressed up against her pussy and her panties happily vibrating away. She giggled and pulled it out of her panties, Brian's eye nearly popping out of their sockets. She reached into her backpack and turned off the egg, grabbed the hand towel and dried off the egg. She put it back into her backpack and then put the towel on top of her very wet panties. She did her best to dry her self off as Brian watched. He looked like he might cum again.

She decided to tease him a bit and slid her panties to the side and used the towel to clean off her wetness a bit better. No point in making a mess in the car.

"Would you like to hang onto my towel?"

Brian gleamed and exclaimed, "Yes!"

She tossed him the towel and he immediately put it up to his nose and she saw him grunt again. He was going to have to do something about the growing wet spot on his pants.

While Brian was in a euphoric state Emily decided that now would be the best time to get out of there. She quickly grabbed her backpack and exited the room. She hustled to her car and started driving home. She was half way home before she realized she didn't watch him delete the footage. She debated going back but decided not to. She hoped he would do the honourable thing but if not she at least hoped he wouldn't upload it to one of those porn sites. Although the idea of masturbating to herself online gave her a chill.

She had done what she wanted. She has masturbated and orgasmed, twice, outside her home. It turned out that there was more risk than she realized but in the end that worked out too.


Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 02: Emily Publicly...

Public masturbation leads to mutual masturbation and more.

It had been a week since Emily's adventure at the library. She was thinking about it non-stop. She had searched obsessively online to see if Brian had posted her video. She had spent a considerable amount of time on every porn site that allows you to upload your own content trying to find the video of herself masturbating. She was surprised to see how many videos of women in libraries there were. Brian wasn't wrong it seemed that cam girls really enjoyed streaming from libraries. Some of those girls were so brave.

One of the girls got completely naked in an aisle of books. People walked behind her while she masturbated for her viewers. Emily got turned on watching this and had a quick rub of her own. Breathing heavily after orgasming she realized that either Brian was either a man of his word or he had posted it somewhere she wasn't aware of.

Emily had replayed the scene in her head so many times, Brian walking up and talking to her just as she started to orgasm and then orgasming again as she watch him cum in his pants. She thought that she might be ready to play out in public again. This time though she was going to be in charge.

Emily called the library, "Is Brian the security guard available?"

"One moment, please."

"Hello, Brian here."

"Hello Brian, did you delete my video?"

Brian stammered, "Uhm, yes..."

"But not right away?"

"No, I watched it a couple of times and then deleted it."

"I am glad to hear that you are a man of your word."

"It was hard for me to delete it." Brian admitted, "I've never seen anything so hot before."

"I am glad that you were able to enjoy it. I was thinking that I might stop by again."

Brian choked out, "Today?"

"Would that work? Will you be there all day?"

"Yes, I am here until 6:00 today."

"Okay, keep an eye on the cameras and you'll be able to tell when to summon me to your office."

Brian, hard as a rock, said, "I look forward to seeing you again."

"I bet you do."

Emily hung up the phone and noticed that she had gotten wet thinking about masturbating in public and on camera. She slid her hand into her lounging pants and easily slid her fingers into her moist slit. A quick shudder told her that it wouldn't take long for her to cum. She stood up and dropped her pants to the ground, she wasn't wearing any panties, sat back down and started fingering her engorged clitoris. She was already very close to cumming she slid her hand lower and inserted two fingers into her very wet pussy. She thrusted in and out a few times and pulled her hand out. She looked at her hand and spread her fingers, strings of crystal clear grool stretched from one finger to the other. She quickly stuck her fingers in her mouth and licked herself clean.

Realizing that she wanted to wait to cum Emily leaned back in the chair and tried to relax. What was she going to wear today? She thought that it would be fun to wear the exact outfit that she was wearing the last time she was at the library. She had done laundry earlier in the week and everything was clean and hanging up in her closet.

Emily bent over picking up her lounging pants and went to her bedroom to get dressed. She noticed that her hair was still damp from the shower she had earlier. She decided not to bother blow drying her hair and put it up in a ponytail. She decided that she would take more chances today and not wear a bra or panties. She quickly got dressed in her purple sweater and her brown pleated skirt. It came to mid-thigh so she would have to be careful going out without panties but think about caused a shudder of excitement to run through her body.

Having grabbed her backpack Emily noticed that the 6-inch dildo was still laying in the bottom of the bag. She thought she might be brave enough to use it today but just in case she grabbed her trusty remote control egg off of the charger and put that in the bag as well. Just a bottle of water and a hand towel and she was ready to go. Waves of excitement coursed through her body as she thought of what she was about to do.

Driving to the library as carefully as possible. As she drove her skirt kept riding up her thighs, every time she looked down she saw more and more thigh. She spread her legs as she stopped at a stoplight. She looked down and she could see her freshly shaved pussy glistening in the sunlight. She looked up at the red light and then looked to her right and noticed the guy in the big truck staring at her pussy! She quickly pulled her skirt down and looked back at the guy. He was smiling and gave a thumbs up. As her face turned bright red she noticed that the light had turned green.

A few blocks later she had lost sight of the truck and parked at the library. She walked through the door and found the book she had been looking at the last time she was here and headed upstairs to the mezzanine. She was relieved to see that no one was up on the mezzanine level and that her chair was open. She was hoping that Brian was watching on his monitors.

Putting her backpack down, Emily bent at the waist knowing that if Brian was watching he might get a bit of a sneak peek. She sat down in the big comfy chair and tried to find the camera that had caught her before. She looked straight ahead and a bit to the right and noticed a small globe on the ceiling with a red light and what appeared to be a lens. She then wondered if there was only one camera that was pointed in this direction. Looking around there was a second camera off to the left but she doubted that she would be in the frame. She would have to ask Brian about that later. A second possible camera angle just added to the excitement.

She focused her attention on what she thought was the correct camera and noticed that the camera lens seemed to change size and she guessed that Brian was zooming in on her. She smiled and put her hand on her breast over her sweater. She noticed how hard her nipple was, it was almost painful it was so hard. She continued to look at the camera and lifted her skirt to show Brian that she wasn't wearing panties today. While holding her skirt up with one hand she moved her other hand to her very wet pussy. It would be a miracle if she got out of here without some grool stains on her skirt.

Emily slowly parted her lips with her fingers and started playing with her clit. She felt a shudder move through her. Is there a term for beyond excited? She played with her clit for a bit and then grabbed her backpack. She grabbed her dildo, looking out over the library she looked to see if anyone was watching her. She couldn't see anyone so she brought her dildo to her mouth and gave it a seductive lick before putting it in her mouth. She pulled it from her mouth, lifted up her skirt and slowly slid the dildo into her pussy. She was so turned on and engorged that the dildo slid right in up to the balls.

Slowly sliding the dildo back out but not so far that it falls out she quickly drives it back in up to the balls. She moves the dildo with increasing speed and she can feel that her orgasm is starting to crest. She looks out over the library and still can't see anyone looking up at the mezzanine and starts feeling bolder. She lifts her sweater up so that her breasts are exposed and continues to pump the dildo into her pussy. Just then she hears a noise on the stairs and sees a head start to emerge. Panicking she pulls down her sweater and closes her legs.

Looking over she realizes that there are a couple of guys coming up to sit at one of the tables to study. A bead of sweat rolls down her back sending a shiver through her body. Almost getting caught really excites her. She watches as the two guys sit down at a table side by side with their backs to her. She isn't sure if she is disappointed that the guys can't see her or relieved. She waits as the guys get settled and get their study materials spread out in front of them. It doesn't take them long to get into their studying and Emily feels like she might be able to continue but won't be lifting her sweater anymore.

Emily slowly opens her legs, her skirt is hiding her sopping wet pussy, she grabs hold of the dildo with her hand on top of her skirt. Holding onto the dildo through her skirt means that it has reduced how far it can travel but she is able to move it an inch or two. She looks back up to the camera, shrugs and smiles. She knew that coming to a public place meant that there would be people around; it was too much to hope for uninterrupted fun like last time.

Knowing that she was masturbating while two guys had their backs to her really got her excited and she could feel her orgasm rising again. She was moving the dildo as fast as her skirt would let her feeling her orgasm start to crest she felt the shudder of the first wave of orgasm. She bit her lip so that she wouldn't cry out and slowed down her dildo movements. She looked up at the camera and gave a slight nod. Hoping that Brian would realize that it was time to come and get her.

She grabbed her backpack and put it on the floor between her legs. Opened it up and positioned the hand towel to accept the very wet dildo. She looked around and no one was paying attention to her so she carefully removed the dildo and placed it in the towel in her backpack. As she zipped up the backpack she noticed that Brian was walking to her, she could make out the bulge in his pants. She was happy to see that he had enjoyed the show.

"Ma'am, could you come with me please?"

The two guys turned around curious as to why someone would have to go with security but quickly turned back to their studying. As Emily stood up she felt her wetness escape her and start to run down her leg. She wondered if the guys would smell her musk as she walked by. Emily followed Brian down the stairs to his security office.

Brian started off, "I almost ran out here when I saw those two guys heading up the stairs but you noticed and covered up just in time."

Emily pointed to the bulge Brian's pants, "It seems you enjoyed the show."

"Not as much as you did, I haven't had an orgasm yet."

"What did you do about your pants last time?" Emily asked.

Pointing to the lockers Emily had missed the first time, Brian said, "I have changes of clothes in there."

"That worked out well for you but I have to admit I got excited about you walking out of here with pants full of cum."

"I was surprised and excited to hear from you today."

Emily admitted, "I have been replaying it my mind all week and had to come back for more. So you really deleted the footage from the other day?"

"I did, I said I watched it a couple of time but it was probably more like a dozen times and I deleted it yesterday. I am glad that I did because I am not sure you would have come back if I didn't."

"Can we watch today's footage?"

"Absolutely, it is even better than last week's!"

Brian got up out of his chair and went to his locker. Emily watched him grab something out of there, as he got back to his chair she realized that it was the hand towel that she gave him last week. It looked a bit stiff.

"I hope you don't mind, I don't think I can watch you again and not cum but I don't want to cum in my pants. I've been using the towel you gave me to cum into."

Smiling Emily said, "Of course not."

Brian started the footage of today's adventure and Emily watched herself walk into the frame. She remembered about the second camera.

"Does the second camera capture me as well?"

Brian responded, "The frame cuts off at the table where the guys are studying."

Emily watches herself set the bag down and is disappointed that her skirt didn't ride high enough to show off anything when she bent over. She watched herself look at the camera and then look for the second camera. The camera started to zoom in on her position.

Brian said, "I've never zoomed in before, I wasn't sure how well it would work. Turns out it worked really well.

Emily now took up most of the frame, she watched with excitement as she grabbed her breast. She heard the telltale sound of a zipper being undone. As Brian pulled out his hard cock, it looked to be roughly the same size as her dildo maybe a bit shorter but slightly thicker. Emily looked back to the monitor to see herself lift her skirt and show off her pussy.

"When you lifted your skirt up and I saw that you didn't have any panties on I just about came in my pants again."

Brian leaned back in his chair slowly stroking his penis, Emily saw the tip getting wet with pre-cum. She loves licking pre-cum up but didn't say anything. Instead, she leaned back in her chair and started playing with her clit. Brian noticed her shifting in her chair and looked over to see her playing with her clit. The monitor was good but this was better. Her turned his chair to face her continuing to stroke his cock as Emily played with her clit. Emily could tell that this orgasm was going to be intense, her vaginal orgasms were good but her clitoral orgasm hit her so much harder.

Brian leaned forward in his chair and held the towel out in front of him as he shot rope after rope of thick white cum into the hand towel. Emily shifted in her chair and moved her skirt out from under her so that she was sitting with her bare ass on the chair. She slid forward a bit as her orgasm hit. Emily doesn't always gush when she cums but this one hit harder due to her added excitement. As she came she saw her cum shoot out of her and land on the carpet between them.

"Oh my god! I've made such a mess!"

"Don't worry about it. I just spilled my water!" exclaimed Brian.

Emily felt a couple more shudders run through her, she couldn't remember the last time she had cum that hard. She reached into her backpack to grab the towel to clean herself off.

Brian asked, "Can I clean you off?"

"Be my guest."

Brian got off his chair and turned her chair so that he wouldn't have to kneel in the wet spot on the floor. Before he used her hand towel as a cum cloth, he had sniffed the towel but being between her legs was so much better. He kissed her left knee and started licking the moisture on her inner thigh. As he got closer to her pussy he was amazed at the heat coming off of her. Her pussy was right in front of him. To him it looked like a perfect miniature bum. He carefully licked her left outer lip and Emily shuddered. He gave it a second lick and moved over to the other thigh. He took his time cleaning up her cum off her inner thigh, teasing her with his tongue. He moved back to her pussy and cleaned off the outside of her beautiful lips. He slowly spread open her pussy and was rewarded with an even stronger smell of her amazing pussy. He lost all abandon then and dove it. He stuck his tongue deep into her vagina and tried to extract as much moisture as possible. He moved up and cleaned around her clit careful not to touch it yet.

He pulled back and got his first good look as her pussy. She had smaller inner lips that framed her opening beautifully. Brian noticed that some of her cum had dripped down to her ass. He had her slid forward in the chair and licked her ass from below. Emily shuddered. She thought that she might be close to cumming again. Brian worked his way back to her clit licking along the way. Her put his mouth over her clit and started to slowly work his tongue over her clit. Every time he did Emily jumped a little bit. He could tell that her breathing was getting more intense so he kept up the steady rhythm with is tongue. She started to buck a bit and he sped up some with is tongue, this pushed Emily over the edge and she came again but didn't squirt this time. Brian gave a couple more licks to make sure that she was all cleaned up.

As Brian stood up Emily noticed that he had gotten hard again. She was glad that his eating her pussy had that result.

"Sit back down in your chair." Cooed Emily.

Brian got back into his chair and Emily got on her knees in front of him.

"Since you made me cum, I feel like returning the favour."

Brian looked down to see a bead of pre-cum on his dick. Emily quickly moved in and licked it off.

"Mmm, you taste delicious!"

Hearing that Brian almost nutted but was able to hold off. Emily took him into her mouth and started moving up and down while having a hand on each of his thighs. She had barely moved up and down twice and he already knew that this would be the best blow job he had ever had up to this point. Brian groaned and this caused Emily to moan. Hearing her moaning while having his dick in her mouth was too much and he started to cum. He felt the first shot of his seed leave him and Emily moan in gratitude. She kept moving up and down as he shot more of his cum into her mouth. Emily could tell that Brian's orgasm was ending and looked up at him. He was smiling looking at her. Emily carefully pulled Brian's dick out of her mouth, leaned back and showed him that her mouth was fully of cum. She closed her mouth, smiled and swallowed the whole mouthful of cum at once.

"Holy Shit! That was the best blowjob I have ever had!"

"I enjoyed it too."

With the smell of sex heavy in the air, Emily stood up and walked over to her backpack. She kept her legs together and bent at the waist knowing that Brian would get a good view of her pussy and asshole. She turned around and saw Brian smiling.

She said, "And what are you going to do with the footage this time?"

"I will delete it, in a day or two, if that's okay."

"Why don't you take a copy of it home with you as long as you promise to never share it with anyone."

"Really? You would trust me with this?"

Emily smiled innocently, "I don't really have a choice but the trust you, right?"

Leaving Brian in a stunned state, Emily put her backpack over one shoulder and walked out of the security room. She got into her car and made sure that her skirt was under her in case she had any moisture leak out on the ride home. It dawned on her on the way home that Brian didn't know her name and didn't have a way of contacting her. She liked knowing that the decision to see him again was totally in her control.


Emily's Public Adventures Ch. 03: Emily Makes...

Emily makes a friend cumming in public.

Chapter 03: Emily Makes a Friend

Emily woke up as the sun was streaming through her bedroom window. Having fallen asleep shortly after cumming while thinking about how many times Brian had cum to her performance over the last week. Smiling and getting out of bed naked, it was time to have a shower first thing. The hot water felt amazing. It always did wonders to get the kinks out of her back.

Shaving took longer than usual taking some extra time making sure that her pussy was a smooth as possible. A finger slid over her clit from time to time. Shudders ran up her back. She was looking forward to her adventure today.

Emily took her time getting ready fixing her make up and doing her hair. Then it was time to decide what to wear today. She decided that she would wear panties as she was planning using her remote controlled egg today. Pulling on a pair of panties she felt made her ass look good because they came up high on her thighs. There would be no bra under the light cotton dress that had buttons all the way up the front. Slipping the dress overhead and shrugged into it. She liked the way that the buttons pulled over her breasts. She admired how the dress accented her cleavage and when she turned to the side she could make out some side boob through the pull of the buttons.

It was after 11:00 on a Saturday so she figured that she could make herself an early lunch. She made herself some eggs on toast with a fresh cup of coffee as the while feeling excited. Emily figured that the park would be a good place to play today.

Emily got her vibrating egg off of the charger and decided to insert it here at home and just turn it on once she got to where she wanted. She slid her hand under her dress and could feel a bit of dampness through her panties. She slid her panties to the side and easily inserted the vibrating egg. Tucking the pull string from the egg off to the side. She didn't want the string to rub against her clit. That might be too much sensation.

With her backpack loaded with everything she thought she might need Emily headed out the door. The park that overlooks the lake would be a great place to play around. There are lots of park benches for a person to sit on and admire the lake or read a good book.

Twenty minutes later she found a place to park. There weren't many spots left. It seems that the park would be busy today. This made her smile.

Emily got out of the car and started walking around the park ever mindful of the egg nestled inside of her. It felt good and it wasn't even vibrating yet. She came upon a series of benches, two were positioned closer to the water and three were staggered behind. She took the bench towards the back on the right hand side. She sat down and placed her backpack beside her. Looking around there was a couple sitting on the bench in front of her and to the left a bit. The was a lady by herself on the bench directly to her left and there were lots of other people around on blankets enjoying the sun and view of the lake.

Reaching into the backpack, Emily pulled out a water bottle and a book. She had read this book many times before. There was a highly erotic scene right at the start of the third chapter. She thought this might help get her to her orgasm as well as it gave her a reason to sit on the bench for an extended time. The remote was lying there just inside the backpack tempting her to press the buttons. Emily gently pushed the remote to the first position and felt the vibrator start vibrating.

Picking up her book, Emily looked around and saw the woman on the bench looking at her. Emily gave a quick smile, which the woman returned. Emily started reading her book and was quickly lost in the scene. She loved how the author was able to bring the reader in to the story. It was so descriptive. She read how the pool boy was gently licking the lady of the house's clit. He traced over the clit so slowly it almost seemed like he wasn't moved at all.

Reading the hot scene was really working for Emily. She reached into her backpack and turn the egg up to level two. The pool boy was now fucking the lady. His very large member was quickly taking the lady to new heights.

"May I join you?"

Flustered and turning red, Emily nodded.

Emily noticed that the stranger was about five foot 5 or so. She was wearing yoga pants, sports bra and a fanny pack. It looked like her breasts were a bit smaller than Emily's and her nipples were straining against the fabric of her bra. She had a round face that was framed beautifully by black hair. Emily couldn't help but admire her beauty.

"My name is Anna."

"Emily."

"Don't you just love this park?" asked Anna.

"I do."

Anna started off, "I am sure you are wondering why I came over to interrupt what appears to be a very good book but I think it might be better if I showed you."

Anna reached into her fanny pack, as she did Emily felt the egg start to vibrate harder.

"How?" gasped Emily.

Anna smiled, "I am guessing we are running on the same frequency."

Emily had turned a deep shade of red as much from embarrassment as from arousal. She was very close to cumming in front of another stranger.

"I would have never," gasp, "Thought that could happen."

Anna could tell that Emily was getting close and this hurried her own orgasm up. She almost always came when she saw some else cum.

Anna said, "I think we should let our little toy do it thing and talk later."

Anna slid closer to Emily and grabbed her hand. Emily's hand was damp with sweat. Emily squeezed Anna's hand as she felt the first wave of her orgasm hit. She stuck her other hand over her mouth so that she wouldn't cry out. Anna saw the orgasm run through Emily's body and she started cumming as well. She gipped Emily's hand tighter as wave after wave ran through her. Both women started to come down from their high. Emily reached into her backpack and turned the egg off.

"Wow!" exclaimed Anna, "That was intense!"

"It really was!" echoed Emily.

"Have you been cumming her long?" asked Anna.

"No, I have been to this park many times but this is the first time I have cum here. How about you?"

"I have been cumming here at least once a week for a year but this is the first time I have shared the experience." replied Anna.

Anna and Emily realized that they were still holding hands. Their grip had gotten quite sweaty but it seemed neither wanted to let go.

Emily got the courage to ask, "Would you like to go grab a coffee?"

Anna said, "I was just about the ask you the same thing. There is a shop not far from here."

Emily said, "Yeah, it is one of my favourites."

Emily grabbed her backpack as they stood up hand in hand. They walked off towards the coffee shop. Anna reached for the door of the coffee shop and Emily finally letting go of Anna's hand walked through first. They ordered coffees and sat down at a solo booth at the back of the coffee shop.

The first thing they did was entered their numbers into each other's phones. It is rare to have such an instant connection with someone and neither of them wanted to risk not being able to reach the other.

"How long have you had a public masturbation kink?" asked Anna.

"For as long as I can remember but I have only recently acted out my fantasies."

Anna wondered, "Are you comfortable sharing with me?"

By way of answering Emily reached into her backpack and turned their eggs on. Anna jumped a bit but had a huge smile across her face.

"This was only my third time playing in public but it was my second time getting caught."

"Really? What happened?"

"Well, risk is important to me, if there is no risk then what's the point? My first time was at the public library."

"You know they have cameras there now, eh?" asked Anna.

"I do now!" chuckled Emily, "I was nearing my orgasm as a security guard walked up to me! He asked me to come with him and I started cumming right there. I followed him to his office and that's where I saw the monitors. I could see the chair that I was sitting in right in the middle of the screen. I was mortified but also turned on. Additionally I had forgotten to turn off the damned egg. I thought I might cum in front of the security guard. He confronted me about what I was doing and I pleaded with him to delete the footage. I told him I needed a drink and was able to turn off the egg just in time. I had come so close to cumming again.

"I told him that I didn't see any signs indicating that there were cameras installed in the library. This seemed to concern him. I could see that I might be able to get him to delete the footage but I had gotten so horny! I told him I wanted to see the footage. This got a hell of a reaction from him. As he started playing the footage I turned my egg back on. I told him that we could both masturbate if he agreed to delete the footage. He quickly agreed, I don't think that he was thinking with his big head at that point. I lifted my skirt so that he could look at my pussy through my sheer panties and he came in his pants immediately!

"This pushed me over the edge and I came hard! So hard that I pushed the egg out. I was pretty wet by this point and tried to clean myself off a bit with the hand towel I had in my backpack. I got braver and pull my panties to the side and dried myself off some more. I through him the towel and he sniffed it and came in his pants again!"

Anna looking a bit flustered, "Holy shit this is hot! I am going to cum again soon!"

Emily said, "I am getting close as well but I'm not done with my first story. Once he came a second time I quickly gathered my things and ducked out of there. It wasn't until I was half way home that I realized that I hadn't gotten him to delete the footage!"

Anna said, "Oh my god! What did you do?"

"I searched every porn site I could think of to see if he had uploaded it anywhere. I couldn't find myself on any of those sites. I wasn't sure if I was happy or sad. Keep in mind this was only two weeks ago. Last Saturday I called him up and asked him if he had deleted the video. He said that he did. I told him to keep an eye out on his monitors for me. I went back down to the library wearing the same skirt but no panties this time. I teased him, I nearly got caught by a couple of guys and then he called me back to his office. He ended up eating me out and I gave him a blowjob!"

Revealing this to Anna caused Emily to start to cum. Emily reached out and intertwined her fingers with Anna and felt her orgasm crest. Maintaining eye contact with someone while cumming is very erotic. This proved too much for Anna and she started to cum as well. They did their best to be as quiet as possible but a couple of squeaks escaped Emily's lips. A guy sitting at a table looked up at them with a question on his face but quickly went back to his phone.

Anna asked, "Do you think your security guard is working today?"

"I will call him." responded Emily.

Emily called the library, confirmed that Brian was working and that it would be a good time to pop by.

Anna said, "I need to go to the bathroom, I have to pee and I have to try to dry myself off a bit."

Emily smiled, "Me too."

They went together to the bathroom. The bathrooms at this coffee shop were at the back of the store. They had two unisex single room toilets. As they approached they looked at each other and the question of whether they should go in together or go separately hung in the air.

Anna asked, "Together?"

Emily blushed, "Sure."

Anna walked in straight to the toilet in the back of the bathroom. As Emily closed the door Anna had her pants pulled down and was peeing before even fully seated. Emily had never seen another woman's stream before. She had a strange feeling. She kind of liked seeing it. The hissing lasted about 45 seconds and as time started to drag on her own need to pee intensified. The hissing stopped and Anna wiped herself.

Anna stood up with her pants still around her knees, her pussy had a small landing strip but it looked like the rest of her pussy was shaved or waxed. Emily noticed that Anna had an "innie" too.

Emily started walking towards Anna.

"I need you to scoot, I am going to pee my panties here!"

Anna shuffled off to give Emily room to sit down. Emily reached under her skirt and quickly pulled her panties down and then grabbed her dress to make sure it would be out of the way as she sat down. Anna, with her pants still at her knees, was watching as Emily started to pee. Not really giving it conscious thought Emily spread her legs to give Anna a view of her own pussy while she was peeing.

Emily finished peeing and reached for some toilet paper, as she did Anna started pulling up her yoga pants. Emily noticed that Anna wasn't wearing any panties. Emily stood up, let go of her dress and pulled her panties back up. She was happy that she didn't push her pee so hard that she pushed out the egg. It's not fun to fish out of the toilet.

Anna said, "Wow! That was hot. I have never watched another woman pee before."

Emily responded, "This was my first time too. I didn't know I could get turned on watching an other woman pee!"

Emily flushed and they washed up.

"Off to the library?" asked Emily.

"Oh, absolutely! Your security guard is going to lose it when he sees there are two of us there! Oh, I can feel myself getting wet again." Cooed Anna.

"Do you have a car here?"

Anna replied, "No, I live pretty close to here. I walked to the park."

Emily said, "Well you can ride with me then!"

Emily and Anna exited the coffee shop holding hands again. They walked towards the parking lot of the park. They could both feel the excitement building up.

"How long did it take for you to get used to walking with the egg?" Anna asked.

"I'm not sure I am really used to it. I keep thinking about it but I know my kegel muscles have never been stronger!" replied Emily.

"I know what you mean. When I was with my boyfriend I could make him cum just using my kegel muscles."

They got to Emily's car and got in. Emily looked over and smiled at Anna. It is amazing how things unfold sometimes. You just have to put yourself out there and sometimes the right person comes into your life at the right time.

Emily drove to the library getting more excited as she went. She wondered what Brian would think of her new friend. That reminded her.

"Brian is the security guard and he doesn't know my name, I would like to keep it that way." giggled Emily.

"He won't get it out of me!" chimed Anna.

Emily parked outside the library. Giddy with excitement she quickly exited the car making sure to grab her backpack. Anna had that grin on her face again and Emily knew that Anna was just as excited as she was.

Emily led Anna up the stairs to her not so secret corner. They moved another chair so that it was beside the chair that Emily had used on her previous visits. It sad to see the decline in use of the library system but there were still always some people down on the main level.

Emily sat down, looked at the camera and smiled. Anna sat down beside Emily looked at Emily and followed her gaze to see what she was looking at. Anna understood, this is where their captive audience would be watching. Anna smiled and stuck a finder in her mouth seductively.

Anna leaned towards Emily, "May I?"

Emily nodded as Anna took her wet finger and traced it along Emily's thigh. She worked her way higher so that her hand was now under Emily's dress getting closer to her pussy. Anna worked her way higher until she felt the edge of Emily's panties. Emily scanned over the library; she couldn't see anyone looking their way. Emily picked up the hem of her dress as Anna moved her hand over Emily's mound. Emily shuddered at the new touch. This was the first time she had been touched by a woman this way. It seemed there would be many new first times today.

Emily undid a button on her dress, as the dress opened up more of her breasts where exposed. Emily's areolas were nearly visible. She moved her hand over to Anna and put her hand on Anna's stomach. She moved her hand further down and could feel the heat coming off of Anny's pussy. She moved her hand lower still and cupped Anna's pussy. Emily could feel Anna's moisture start to work its way through the yoga pants. Anna moaned at the touch. Both women were squirming under the tentative touches.

Anna moved her hand back to Emily's thigh and started slipping her hand under the seam of Emily's panties. Emboldened by Anna moved Emily brought her hand up to the top of Anna's yoga pants and slid her hand under as well.

Almost at the same time they each slipped their middle finger between the moist slits. Both Anna and Emily's clits welcomed the touch of a finger. Shudders passed between them. Small subtle movements were all they were capable of. Both were so close to cumming again but they wanted to wait to cum until after they were "caught."

Emily removed her hand from her friend's pants and looked at the wetness on her finger. She quickly moved her finger to her mouth. Anna watched as Emily stuck her finger in her mouth with her wetness on it. She groaned. She was so turned on right. It made her wonder what Emily tasted like. Anna removed her hand from Emily's panties and noticed that her finger was even wetter than Emily's had been. Anna looked at the camera and stuck her finger in her mouth and tasted Emily for the first time.

Emily asked, "Do we want Brian to come and get us?"

Anna whispered, "Yes, please."

Emily looked at the camera and gave a nod. She didn't have to wait long to see Brian's head come up the stairs. He did is best to look authoritative while having a bulge in his pants.

"Could you ladies come with me please?"

Exchanging knowing looks they got up and followed Brian down the stairs into his security room. Anna followed Brian and Emily followed behind Anna admiring how good her butt looked in those yoga pants.

Emily closed the door behind her and looked around the room. She could make out the outline of her cum stain on the floor from the last she was here. She nearly came looking at that. Brian pulled her back to reality when he said,

"I see you've brought a friend. Hi, I'm Brian."

"Hi, Brian." Responded Anna.

"You're not going to tell me your name either?" asked Brian.

"Is that going to be a problem?" chimed Anna.

Brian shook his head in a stunned silence. Not sure how to proceed he looked at Emily.

Emily said, "Do you still have a copy of last weeks video?"

Brian said, "I deleted it from the system but have a copy on this thumb drive."

"Why don't you put it on so we can all watch it together?"

Brian quickly went to the back of the room and grabbed another office chair for Anna to sit on. He sat down at his console and inserted the thumb drive. It wasn't long and the three of them watched Emily flash her pussy, played with her clit, licked her finger and then inserted her dildo.

"You dirty girl!" chided Anna.

Brian was squirming in his chair. He was clearly uncomfortable in the confines of his pants.

Emily smiled, "Why don't you pull your cock out for us to see?"

Brian turned his chair to face them, stood up, undid his pants and pulled them down around his ankles. His erection was pushing against his underwear. There was a small wet spot from his pre-cum. Brian pulled his underwear down as well. His cock standing at attention. He looked over at Emily. Emily stood up and pulled her dress over her head so that all she had on was her panties that had a visible wet spot of her own. Brian taking in Emily's breasts for the first time in person fell back into his chair.

Emily put her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and slowly started pulling them down. She was slowly working them down so they were just above her pubic mound. As she did there was a loud knock at the door! Anna watched in shock as Brian pulled his underwear and pants up in one shift motion by the time she looked over Emily already gotten her dress pulled back over her head but one breast was hanging out. Brian was walking toward the door.

Anna called out, "Your boob!"

Brian stopped walking and waited as Emily got her breast tucked back into her dress. Brian opened the door a bit. An elderly librarian was standing there and said,

"There are some kids goofing around on skateboards outside, can you deal with that?"

Brian assured her that he would, turned and looked at the ladies and said, "I'll be right back."

Anna and Emily were looking at each other and started to laugh.

Anna said, "Can you imagine if I had gotten naked? I would not have been able to get dress as quickly as you guys did."

"And I almost came when I heard that knock, lets turn off the eggs for now." Suggested Emily.

They found the remote and powered down the egg. They looked at each other and giggled again. Getting caught was such a turn on.

"Do you want to stay and wait for him or do you want to make our escape?" asked Emily.

"As long as I get to cum soon, I don't care where it happens." Responded Anna.

"Okay, lets get out of here."

Emily left a note for Brian that said you know what to do. We will be back.

"I just didn't tell him when we would be back." Giggled Emily.

As Emily and Anna walked out of the front of the library they saw Brian scolding some kids with skateboards. He probably would have been kinder had he not been interrupted. He looked over and saw Emily getting in her car. She gave him an apologetic smile.

Emily started driving back towards the park. She was rounding a corner when the egg started vibrating again. As soon as she was around the corner she looked over to see Anna removing her hand from her fanny pack.

Emily got them back to the parking lot; it had emptied out a lot. She found a secluded spot for them to sit. No soon had she put the car in park the egg started vibrating harder. Emily looked over to see a sheepish look on Anna's face.

"I told you, I need to cum again now!"

Emily was looking at Anna and noticed that Anna was starting to quiver.

"Yes, cum for me!" purred Emily.

This put Anna over the edge and she came hard! In the comfort and privacy of a car she was much more vocal. Watching Anna cum cause a landslide for Emily and she screeched out in orgasmic delight.

"Oh my god, that was fantastic!" panted Anna.

"It really was." Responded Emily.

They sat in quiet comfort knowing that no more words were necessary. Not sure of how much time had passed Anna reached over and gave Emily a hug.

"That was a lot of fun. I look forward to our next outing."

"Me too!"

Anna got her wits about her and gave Emily a quick kiss on the cheek and exited the car. Emily watch her amazing ass walk away from her, put her car in drive and started to make her way home.
