My Wife at The Stage in Okinawa 1997 
by elecombc

My wife's decision to go back to The Stage turned out to be punishing one.

      Over the next six months, my wife talked to me about the night she stripped and got fingered by the audience at The Stage from time to time. She told me how crazy it was for her but she was still baffled as to how she just happened to be dancing on the night that there were so many American servicemen there. She also didn’t understand how she could have chosen the same exact night that so many of the men in the audience knew her. She never realized that word had gotten around that she was going to be dancing at The Stage on that night.
      As I knew that we would not be living in Okinawa forever, and probably only three years, I was going to try to get Ava to fulfill all of the once-in-a-lifetime sexual fantasies for me before we were going to have to leave Okinawa. You see, my wife is not an exhibitionist and is only daring in public if she thinks that she will not be seen or recognized by anyone. I thought that Okinawa would probably be the only place that we were going to live where we could go into the local community and nobody would recognize her since we did not know any Okinawan people. So, if I could convince her again that she would probably not be recognized, then she would probably do another fantasy for me.
      Sometimes, we would pretend that she was on stage again and I would finger her like I was one of the guys in the audience. Ava certainly went through a lot of wild and crazy things that night but sometimes we would talk about the what-if scenarios that could have happened that night. What did happen was that I was able to see thirty to forty guys watch my wife strip naked and then spread her legs wide open on the stage and then watch her have to lay in front of each guy on the front row and let them finger her and two guys actually got to have sex with her on stage.
      I would often think to myself how it could have possibly been any more erotic or exciting. Almost a year had gone by now and I told her that I was thinking about how that night could have gone any more erotic. She told me that she didn’t think that it could have gone any wilder.
      She came to me a while later and told me that she actually had a fantasy to be blindfolded and then touched by a stranger without knowing who it is. I told her that it was too bad that she did not mention that prior to her performance at The Stage because we probably could have worked that into her routine.
      She that it was too bad because that was a once-in-a-lifetime night. I asked her why would it have to be once in a lifetime if it was a fantasy for her and we were only going to be in that foreign country for a short time. I told her that maybe we could fulfill that fantasy at The Stage. He laughed but then realized that I was serious.
      So, in a joking way, we started thinking of a scenario and tried to role-play how it would go. We thought about how she could dance blindfolded but that didn’t work out obviously because she would not know where she’s dancing to. The only way that we thought that it could happen is if she were to sit or kneel or lay down on the stage blindfolded as she would be getting fingered.
      We really didn’t come up with any great ideas because we had the problem of how is it that guys are going to get close to her on the stage. Would they have to actually walk up on stage and then back down? That did not seem like a good idea because we didn’t think that most guys would want to be up in front of everyone else.
      The next idea we had was if she were to lay on the edge of the stage blindfolded and the guys would walk up to the stage one at a time and take turns. Ava said that that would be almost exactly like happened before except instead of her getting up and down and moving from guy to guy, she would just be laying in one place and the guys would be moving to her.
      Ava actually got aroused just by us talking about the scenario with her laying on the stage blindfolded with guys coming up to the stage and fingering her. We then tried to figure out how she was going to actually get onto the stage blindfolded in the first place without seeing the audience.
      I said maybe you can have two other dancers help you come out onto the stage. She thought that could be possible but sounded kind of awkward. I was thinking that she would probably have to come on stage naked because it would be difficult to strip while blindfolded.
      I also had the idea that since there had never been a blindfolded woman show there at The Stage, the manager should advertise it as a special blindfolded show.
      As all of this fantasy talk was fun and erotic, I really thought that it was just talk. I never realized that Ava was actually taking it seriously and planning for real. About a month before my birthday, she asked me during our sex talk if I had contacted the stage manager yet and I was baffled.
      I said to her, “I thought you were just having pillow talk.”
      She said, “Don’t you want it?”
      I told her, “Of course I want it!”
      She said, “Well, I have just told you that I'm up for one more fantasy birthday present for you. So, are you going to contact the manager and ask him?”
      I said, “Of course, I will call him first thing tomorrow.”
      I asked her what her limitations were for this fantasy and she said that the only new thing that she wanted to try was to be blindfolded. She told me that she didn’t want to have any idea who was there watching or touching her. I asked her if that was all and she said yes.
      Now I was really thinking about what I could get away with for that night as per her instructions. She said that the only “new” thing that she wanted to try was to be blindfolded. I thought to myself all of the things that she had already done at The Stage last time. She had stripped naked, got fingered, and gotten fucked by two guys. So now if she were to be blindfolded and naked, fingered, and fucked, then the only new thing would be her getting blindfolded. So, I set out to accomplish all of those things.
      I thought about maybe having some kind of a mock gynecology appointment where the audience could pretend to be her doctors and everyone could give her a pelvic exam with her in the stirrups. I liked the idea but thought it might be hard to pull off.
      Then I thought about how Japanese people like bondage and maybe I could work out some kind of way that Ava could be tied on stage with her legs open.
      I called the manager the next day and asked him if he remembered us and of course, he said he did and he asked if Ava would perform on the stage again. I said yes but this time she wanted to be blindfolded the entire time. The manager sounded confused but I said that she did not want to know who was in the audience at all. He told me that he did not know if this was going to be possible and would call me back.
      Two days later, he called me back and ran a scenario by me to see if it was in line with what we were wanting to do. He asked me if Ava was into bondage at all and I told him that she had never done anything like that before but she had specifically told me that any plan I come up with is okay with her as long as she is blindfolded.
      He said that his idea was to have Ava go on the stage blindfolded and then have a member of the audience come up on stage and take off all of her clothes. Then he would help her to lay on the edge of the stage, tie her legs open, and her arms above her head. At that point, she would be completely open and vulnerable to the audience.
      I told him that it sounded like a fantastic plan but I do not know how he’s going to do that. He told me not to worry and let him handle it and that he would schedule her to work in about three weeks.
      I told Ava that evening that the manager agreed to let her go blindfolded on the stage. She asked me what else was in store for the evening. I told her not to worry and that it was a surprise. I thought that it might add to her anticipation.
      She told me that she hoped that it was going to be a regular night at The Stage with the normal small Japanese audience and not some freak coincidence like it was last time.
      The manager called me a few days later and told me that he knew the owner of a sex toy shop in Naha City and that he was going to be able to borrow a bondage chair and he asked me if that would be okay. I thought that a bondage chair was actually a fantastic idea although I really did not know what it was going to be like for sure. The manager told me that it was a chair that Ava would sit on and be strapped to. He said it had straps for her arms and legs and waist and that it was very adjustable. I tried to imagine what this would be like and my mind really started racing as to the possibilities.
      So, as I was getting very excited about this very erotic evening that was planned, I started to remember how fantastic it was to actually have guys in the audience that knew her to get the chance to see her naked and finger her, and two guys actually got to fuck her. I remembered that the previous time Ava went to The Stage, the word had gotten out because someone posted some notes around the base advertising it, and probably thirty guys from the base ended up coming to see her of which probably twenty were acquaintances of hers.
      I figured that since there was such a good turnout of American guys last time, that I could try and spread the word in the same way with notes put around places that she goes to like the different base gyms and in her work area men’s bathroom. I remembered seeing the note in the bathroom at the place where she worked last time and all it said was that Ava was going to beyond the stage on the specific Friday night. I also remembered how it had the words Top Secret on it. She was very popular in the gym at the Air Force Base gym and also at some of the Marine base gyms that she worked out at because of her beautiful body, beautiful long black hair, sexy long tone legs, and very pretty face.
      I tried to think of a way to write this on some notes and put it around where people might know her. I wanted it to be descriptive enough but not so vulgar that people might take the notes down. The note had to be short and simple but descriptive enough to let guys know what they could expect if they went. This is what I came up with:
      ///TOP SECRET/// One night only blindfolded show at The Stage featuring Ava on Friday, June 18. She won’t even know you were there. Tell your friends but don’t tell her!
      I thought there might be some guys that don’t know her name but know her face so I took a picture of her picture that was posted on the wall at her work and photocopied it many times in black and white. Then, I wrote the invitation line under her picture. I tried to make everything small but big enough for guys to be able to recognize her picture.
      I put multiple copies of the picture with description at the gym at the Air Force Base and at the gyms at the two Marine bases where Ava worked-out at occasionally. I also put a copy in the men’s bathroom at her work area so that possibly her male co-workers might want to see her naked. I figured that this is probably the last opportunity any guy is going to get to see her naked in public and the best part is that she won’t even know who the lucky guys were because she will be blindfolded.
      On the days leading up to that Friday that she was supposed to perform she tried to get me to talk more about what the plan was. Every time she talked about it, it made both of us horny and we would end up having sex and fantasizing about it. She would often say that she wonders how the Japanese guys are going to react to her being blindfolded and naked on the stage. I don’t understand how but for some reason she was back to concentrating on Japanese men. I guess she thought that there would be only a few, if any, American servicemen there this time.
      On the Saturday before she was supposed to perform, I drove to The Stage to talk to the manager to try to understand what he had in mind because nothing that I came up with in my head seemed to be possible for a blindfolded dancer. I got to the club in the late afternoon before the club opened and knocked on the door. He let me in and he told me about his plan.
      He took me back behind the stage to another room where he had a type of padded chair. It was obviously a chair that was meant for bondage. He said this is what he got from my friend at the sex toy store. He said that he was thinking that it could be used in conjunction with the blindfold because Ava is not going to be able to dance around anyway. She could just be in the chair. He said that the only way that he thought that it could all work is if he were to put the chair on one side of the T and not on the circle part of the stage. Ava could sit in the chair and then the guys would come up to her.
      The stage was shaped like a capital letter T with a circle at the bottom of the T where the dancers normally danced at. The circle part of this stage sometimes would rotate slowly also. I asked him if Ava was to be sitting on a chair on one side of the T, then how is she going to do anything on the circle part of the stage? He said that she wouldn’t be on the circle part of the stage at all. The other dancers would do their normal routines on the circle part of the stage and Ava would be in the chair on the side of the T.
      She could just be there until either she wanted to be done or until all of the guys that wanted to finger her got their chance. I told him that if she goes to sit on the chair on the side of the stage early in the evening, then all of the guys at that time might get their turn but if she gets tired early and some new guys come in, they would not have a turn because she would not be in the chair any longer.
      It was my thought that she could just stay there in the chair from 9 p.m. till closing. That way if any new guys come in at 10 or 11 p.m., they would have the opportunity to see and finger her in the chair. He said he understood what I was saying. So, we lifted the chair out onto the stage to see how it would fit on the side of the stage. The stage on the side was about ten feet long and five feet deep.
      The chair was very elaborate. Somebody had put a lot of thought into the chair. There was a padded seat and a padded back and a type of seat belt. There were two leg holders where she would put her legs on padded extensions which then would be strapped at the thigh and at the ankle. There was a pivot point at the knee and at the top of the leg. There were two arm extensions that she would place her arms in and there were two straps on each; one on the elbow and one on the wrist.
      The arm extensions could be pivoted up above the head and the elbows also had pivots. There was one pivot on each of the leg extensions to enable the legs to be spread apart up to a complete straight split. The back of the chair had a pivot also that could be anything between straight up and down and laying completely down flat. The possibilities of positioning Ava in this chair were endless.
      I asked him how he thought that Ava was going to get in the chair in the first place. I suggested that we could have two other dancers walk her out on stage. We could then have a volunteer from the audience to take off her clothes and help her into the chair and put the straps on and then position the chair with the help of the audience suggestions.
      He thought that was a fantastic idea. We both agreed that having her on the stage too early would be bad because she’s probably not going to want to sit there too long. There were not as many customers before 9 p.m. normally, so we both agreed that he could advertise the show as starting at 10 p.m.
      I asked him about how the lighting is going to go because normally the stage was not very bright. It had colored lights that flash on and off like a normal strip bar. I told him that the last time Ava performed on the stage he had turned on some white lights above the stage and it really made a great improvement on how well the audience could see Ava.
      He told me that he could wire up spotlights just for her on the side of the stage this time. I told him that the brighter the better since she is going to be completely blindfolded anyway and she is never going to see how brightly lit up she really is.
      I told him that since she is not going to know who is there anyway, it wouldn’t matter even if he were to advertise it as a special bondage show. He asked if it would be possible to allow the audience to have their picture taken in front of her for a fee like they do with the other Japanese dancers. I had to think about that question for a minute. I didn’t want her picture going around on any of the military bases. Even though she would be blindfolded, someone might recognize her.
      So, I told him that I would be okay to allow only the Japanese guys and not the American servicemen to have their picture taken with her. I figured since he was being so generous about letting us get away with this at his Club, I could let him make a little more money and since we did not know any Japanese people, it probably would not matter.
      He then asked me if she is going to let anyone fuck her this time. I told him what she had told me the rules were and that the only new thing that she wanted was to be blindfolded and didn’t she didn’t want to know who was there. So, according to her new rules, it would be ok for someone, or in fact, everyone, to have sex with her as long as she was blindfolded.
      The manager asked me if I liked watching guys having sex with her on stage last time Ava was on the stage. I told him I did like it a lot. He said that he had an idea about how I can watch her get fucked while being blindfolded.
      He told me that most men that went to The Stage wanted to have sex with the dancers but did not want to actually get up in front of other guys on the stage to do that. So, to get around that problem, he said that he could set up a private room in the back where guys could go back and fuck her privately. He also said that I could watch her through a hidden video camera monitor that was in the next room.
      I told him that that would be crazy and wild but how would we make sure that someone didn’t do something to her like hurt her. He told me that he could have one of the other dancers stay in the room with her and keep watch. I told him that that would be fantastic and I suggested that she leave the stage at midnight and then go to the room till closing time at 2 a.m. or until all the guys got a turn that wanted to fuck her. We both loved the idea. We put the chair back in the room and then I left.
      On my way back to the Air Force Base I realized that on the papers that I and put around, I had not put any specific time. Over the next few days, when I would go to the gym, I penciled in “Show starts at 10 p.m.” on all of the papers I could find. Anticipation continued to build until the day before the show.
      As I had done before I helped Ava get ready by shaving her pussy clean but leaving a small patch of hair above it. Ava said that she didn’t know what I had in store for her and so she didn’t know what to wear. I told her that it really isn’t going to matter very much because she was not going to be wearing clothes very long. I told her to just wear something that would be easy to take off and of course her black high heels.
      On the day of the show, I bought Ava the same kind of tequila she had the year before and asked her if she’s going to need it this time. She told me of course she would. We drove to The Stage and Ava started drinking on the way. We got there about thirty minutes before it opened and we both talked to the manager. The manager greeted Ava with a smile and told her he was very excited to have her back.
      She asked him what was in store for her and did he know how the show was going to be. He told her that I had told him it was kind of a surprise so he was not to say anything. She looked perturbed but accepted it. He told her that I had told him that the only new thing she wanted for sure was to be blindfolded completely.
      She said that was right but she asked if she was going to be fingered and have sex again tonight and if so then how was she to know that the hands of the guys were clean and that they were wearing a condom? The manager told her that he would ensure that other dancers would come out to clean the hands of the guys if they were to finger her and that they would also ensure that a condom was always used if there was any sex. She looked at me and said that I better make sure that is what happens.
      The manager told her that she’s not going to be coming out right away but to stay in the back room of the building where there was a TV and couch and he will come and get her when it’s her time. With that, she looked at me and said that she was very nervous because she didn’t know what was going to happen to her. She reminded me that she was doing this for me and that she hoped that I really liked it.
      With that, she walked through to the back of the stage to the room where she supposed to wait. I noticed the special chair was not on the stage and ask the manager when he planned on bringing it out. He told me that it was a good time to bring it out and asked me to help him. So, we went and brought it out onto the stage and he covered it with a sheet. It wasn’t on the main part of the stage so the rest of the show could go on like normal.
      The manager opened up the club and the normal show started like it always had before. For specific details about the show and how it normally went, please read my other story “My Wife at the Japanese Sex Club 1996”.
      That night there were three Colombian dancers and three Japanese dancers. They rotated as normal and it was that about 9 p.m. that I realized there were more Japanese guys in attendance than normal. There were more than ten Japanese guys already by 9 p.m. I had honestly thought there would be more than two groups of two American GIs there by 9 p.m. I was beginning to wonder if anyone had seen the notes that I had put around the base gyms or over at Ava’s work.
      To my delight, everything changed a little after 9 p.m. A flood of Americans started coming in and kept coming in all the way up until 9:45 p.m. Ava was supposed to start on stage at 10 p.m. At 9:30 p.m., I went to the front entrance where the cashier was and there was a line of Americans and some Japanese guys out the door and down the side of the building. There must have been thirty guys in line and there were probably already twenty-five guys inside.
      That answered my question as to if anyone had seen the advertisements I had put around. It was getting close to the time that Ava was supposed to come out on stage and I was wondering if all of the guys in line we’re going to be able to get in before the show started. I went back in and talked to the manager and told him about the dilemma.
      He came out with me and saw the line of guys out the door and wondered if all of the guys were actually going to fit in the club. I told them that I didn’t think that the guys were going to make it into the club before Ava came on stage.
      The manager looked very happy that there were so many guys there and so he said to me that he was going to speed things up very quickly. He turned to the line of guys and said in both Japanese and English very loudly “Thank you all for coming. I would like to thank you very much for your business. I would like to grant you free entrance tonight! All I ask is that you buy a drink inside.”
      I couldn’t believe what he had just said. The normal cost to get in the club was about $50 US and now he is going to let guys in for free? Not only that, but there were guys there that were going to be able to see my wife naked, finger her, and possibly fuck her for free? What a lucky day for some of the guys.
      The guys in the line clapped and then just walked right into the club. There must have been about twenty guys. I went back into the club and sat on a stool that I had sat in earlier on the very far right side of the stage. I was at the front right corner of the stage against the wall. The chair that Ava was going to be sitting in was on the right side of the stage about ten feet from me. I had a very clear view of the chair.
      Since the stage was about three feet above the crowd, the chair was also about three feet above that. I tried to imagine how Ava was going to look sitting up on the chair. The manager had set up a small roped-off area in front of the chair where there were no chairs to sit down.
      Every chair in the bar was occupied and there were many guys standing around. The music was loud and the show of the Japanese and Colombian girls up to this point had been great. Everyone was having a great time. There were definitely more guys in the club this time than last time Ava was there. There were at least forty Americans and probably twenty Japanese guys. I was so excited with anticipation.
      Shortly after 10 p.m., when the song ended for the Japanese girl who was dancing, the music was turned down. The manager came out onto the stage with a microphone and thanked everyone for coming. He announced that tonight was a special one-time feature show.
      After that, Ava appeared from behind the side curtain by the back wall. She was being escorted on each side by two other dancers. She was brought over to the center of the stage next to the manager.
      He told the audience that her special show was going to be very simple that all she was going to have to do was to sit down (and with that he pulled the sheet off the bondage chair) in this chair. The fun part for you guys is that I am going to let you tell me what she is to wear and how to position her in the chair. The crowd then cheered and yelled to get her naked!
      The manager said that it was not a normal show and not normally what goes on here at the stage and that because of that, he had to set the rules.
      He said that rule number one was that everyone had to be nice. No one was allowed to hurt her in any way.
      Number two rule was to be clean and wash your hands before touching the dancer.
      Number three rule was that only one guy could approach her at a time and everyone would be limited to one full minute until everyone that wanted to have their turn was done and if she was still on stage at that point, you could come up again. What you do with your minute was up to you.
      Rule number four was when you were in front of her there was no talking to her at all. If you broke the rules, you would get kicked out immediately.
      The manager asked for two volunteers to come up on stage and help her out of her dress. He chose two guys and they came up to the stage very excited. Ava was absolutely incredibly sexy. She wore her black high heels with no stockings and a very short, very sheer blue spaghetti strap summer dress. Her legs or so beautiful, golden brown, long, and tone. Her hair was jet black and straight and hung down to the top of her butt.
      Everyone clapped as she was led to the center of the stage. The manager asked everyone to quiet down and then he asked the two gentlemen to help her out of her dress. Ava stood in the middle of the stage quietly with the blindfold covering all of her eyes for sure. One guy went behind her and unzipped her dress from the back and then pulled the spaghetti straps off of her shoulders and then the dress fell to the floor.
      She was completely naked now except for her high heels. Again, everyone cheered. She was absolutely perfect. Her tight tone body was beautiful. Her small titties were erect with perfect nipples. Her legs or long and golden brown and tone and they led all the way up to a perfect pussy. Her small patch of hair could not hide her lips from showing.
      After about ten seconds of cheering the manager told everyone to quiet down again and then ask the two gentlemen to walk her over to the chair. They slowly guided her over and then had her sit down on the chair and then each guy put one of her legs into the leg braces and secured the straps. Then they put the seat belt around her waist and her arms in the arm braces and then strapped them as well. Then they looked over to the manager is if waiting for his directions.
      The manager asked the crowd over the microphone to tell him how they think the chair should be adjusted. Some guys were yelling to lay the back down and other guys were yelling spread her legs and stuff like that. The two guys started adjusting the chair. They first laid her back down until the crowd was all in agreement that she was laying down far enough. Next, they spread her legs open and everyone kept chanting until her legs were spread as wide apart as they could possibly go.
      At that point, everyone started cheering again and then started chanting to put her legs up. So, the two guys adjusted her legs up in the air until they were higher than her head. They then put her arm braces until her arms were over her head. At that point, the audience of guys seemed to be in consensus that this was the best possible position for Ava to be in.
      The manager was still on the stage at that point with the microphone and so he calmed everyone down and then asked if everyone was ready and everyone cheered. He told everyone that he had one more thing to do and with that, he went over and turned on a switch and three very bright spotlights lit Ava up from three different angles. Everyone cheered again. I’ll bet Ava was wondering at that point why everyone cheered again because she could not see the lights come on.
      She laid there with her perfectly toned beautiful body spread wide open in bright white lights for everyone to see and there was nothing she could change about her position. The manager put the microphone down and walked over right beside Ava and looked down at her spread there before him. He then reached down and spread her pussy lips wide open and held them open for about ten seconds for the entire crowd to see her pink pussy in the bright light. Everyone went crazy!
      The guys that were near her side of the stage were lining up. Two other strippers came out at that point and went down by the rope. They each had a basket and started washing the guy’s hands in the audience.
      The first guy stepped in front of the chair. He reached up and started to rub her pussy and tits and then he spread her lips open. He fingered her with two fingers for the entire minute with one hand while he rubbed all over her body with his other hand. After that, he stepped down and the next guy stepped up and fingered her again for a minute.
      Meanwhile, another dancer came onto the circle part of the stage and started to do her routine. Ava laid there in the chair strapped down blindfolded under the bright spotlights with a line of guys waiting to take their turn with her. Within the first thirty minutes, she had been fingered by over twenty guys. The line of guys never went down. As soon as the line would get down to three or four guys, more guys would get in the line. After the first hour, I counted over fifty guys had fingered her. There was a glass of water next to Ava that the guys would wet their fingers with if they needed or wanted to.
      At 11:30 the line finally ended and it appeared that all of the guys in the club had fingered her. The manager came on stage and asked if anyone wanted to finger her again and immediately the line got long again. Ava continued to get fingered until midnight.
      At midnight, the manager came on stage and said that Ava’s time on stage was over and that she would be taking a break in the back. But, if anyone wanted to privately thank her for her show, they could but only for two minutes each. He also challenged all of the guys to thank her as deeply as they could. He said that there would be another dancer in the room with them to make sure that everyone was nice wears a condom.
      Everyone laughed and Ava was then unstrapped from the chair by to other dancers and escorted off the stage. At that point, guys started lining up by the door which led to the back room.
      Ava told me that as she was led to the backroom, the other dancers took her blindfold off for about ten minutes and let her get cleaned up as well as drink. They took her to the room where she was going to be fucked. It was dimly lit and not a very big room and it had one couch and one bed that had clean sheets on it. The other dancer told her that she would be in the room with her the entire time and that she would ensure that the men would wear a condom. The other dancer told her that she would be outside the room preparing the guys to come in. Ava told me later on all of this information.
      Ava said that she had never dreamed that I would let it go this far but when she had heard the manager tell the crowd while she was on the stage that they were going to be able to go into a back room and fuck her for two minutes, she didn’t get that worried because it would probably take almost two minutes for a guy to get hard anyway. Now she was being told that there was going to be a girl that was going to get the guys hard before they entered the room which meant they would probably immediately start fucking her right when they entered the room!
      The dancer then wrapped Ava’s eyes with the blindfold completely. She had her sit on the side of the bed that was facing the door and then told her to lay back. She then put cuffs on her wrists and ankles and was tied up to the bed. Her butt was on the edge of the bed in the center between the top and bottom of the bed.
      Her arms were tied over her head in each direction and her legs were tied wide apart. Now, all that the guys would have to do is just walk up the side of the bed where Ava was tied up and stick their dick into her and start fucking. She was completely open and vulnerable.
      It was during this time that Ava was getting ready in the back room that I went and talked to the manager. He escorted me in the back to a small room next to the room that Ava was in. He showed me the two-way mirror which was only about one square foot. It was a clear view into Ava’s room and was located in the middle of the wall on the side of the bed that Ava was laying in.
      When I got there, the dancer was in the middle of tying Ava’s hands up onto the bedposts. My view of her room was not that great. It was a good angle but somewhat difficult to see with clarity because it was not very bright in her room. The manager left me in the room and I waited to see what was going to happen next.
      There was a knock on my door and I went and answered it. It was one of the other dancers. She told me to follow her and she led me to the room where Ava was in. I quietly went into Ava’s room and saw the other girl sitting on the couch. Ava was laying on the bed naked with her hands strapped to the to bedposts.
      I pointed up to the light on the ceiling which was not on and the dancer reached over and turned it on. Now the room was very brightly lit. Ava was obviously unaware that the room which she was going to be fucked in was now very bright.
      There were a few glasses of water next to the bed on the nightstand. I left the room and both strippers followed me and then closed the door. One of them turned to me and asked me if that was my wife. I told her yes, why? She said that they both didn’t like her.
      I asked why not and what Ava had done to them? They said that she was too pretty and too sexy and that they were going to make her get fucked by every guy here tonight. She was going to have to pay the price for being too pretty.
      I was shocked to hear how much resentment they had for her just being so pretty. After that, I was led back to my room. The girl that took me back to the room told me that her job was to quickly prepare each guy that was going into the room next.
      I asked her how she is going to do that and see made a motion like a blowjob. I told her that she had a sucky job. She didn’t understand my joke. She left me in my room and I waited for the first guy to arrive.
      After about five minutes, a white military guy about twenty years old entered the room with only a shirt and the condom on. His dick was hard already. Immediately, he stepped up to the bed and proceeded to fuck her very hard and very fast. In less than two minutes it appeared as though he was cuming. He then got up and the dancer that was in the room immediately pointed for him to leave.
      No more than ten seconds later another young military white guy came into the room. He also only had a shirt and condom and he immediately went up to the bed and started fucking her. After about two minutes the dancer that was in the room went over and slapped him on his ass and told him to leave.
      I was beginning to realize that the way the manager had set this up was going to enable the greatest number of men to be able to fuck her in a short period of time. She was literally going to be fucked hard for two minutes and then get about thirty seconds break and then two minutes hard again and repeat that for the next two hours or so.
      Normally, when we have sex, we might do it for thirty minutes or an hour and meanwhile, we will change positions and take rest here and there. Now it is kind of like the manager had set up a train of fifty guys or more on Ava. She was literally going to have or brains fucked out.
      I couldn’t believe how organized the two Japanese strippers were. It was as if they were trying to see how many guys they could get in the room to fuck Ava. So, I watched from the room as guy after guy after guy came in and proceeded to fuck Ava in a missionary position.
      Some guys would hold her legs up and some guys didn’t. Most of the guys were American military but a few were Japanese. There were four black guys that came in in a row one time. For sure some guys had much bigger dicks than others and it seemed like everyone tried to hit her as deep as they could.
      Some of the guys were even older. I remember two of the guys must have been sixty. What a lucky day for them.
      I kept an eye on my watch and it was getting close to 2 a.m. I had kept track of how many guys came in the room and my number was at forty-six. I watched three more guys come in and fuck her. Then there was a knock on my door. It was a dancer. She said to me it’s 2 a.m. and there are still guys out there in line. What do you want me to do?
      I told her to give it ten more minutes and that was all. She said okay and left and four more guys got their chance and fuck her. The dancer came and knocked on my door again and I told her that was enough and told her that I wanted to go over to the room now.
      I went over to the room and looked at Ava laying there on the bed. She was sweating and the inside of her thighs were red. Her pussy looked like it had been pounded and pounded. The dancer got up and left the room. Ava said to me that she never thought that this was what I had in mind. I said it wasn’t my idea and that it was the manager’s idea.
      She said I lost count on how many guys fucked her. I asked her to guess how many and she said maybe thirty. I said it was actually fifty-three. She asked me how I knew how many guys came into the room. I told her that I was in the next room looking through a two-way mirror and I watched the whole thing.
      I told her that she was a real trooper. She said that she really liked the pounding when my pussy was wet but if it got dry it hurt. She asked me if there were any Americans there that night. I told her that about 90% of the guys in the club were American military and I saw quite a few of her acquaintances come in the room.
      She got very nervous and asked me who. I told her that I didn’t know any of their names so I couldn’t tell her. I told her that maybe I could point the guys out to her sometime in the gym or over at her work. She said what I meant by that.
      I said that coincidentally I believe that a few of the guys that work at the same place as her fucked her. She asked me if I was kidding and I said no. I told her that I recognized one older white man who was kind of heavy. I said I think he works in your store. She asked me if he had any tattoos on his arms. I told her that he had a tattoo of an Asian girl on his arm.
      She looked very pissed off and said that that was her supervisor. After she heard that, she continued to try and describe different guys to me that she knows at work or is good friends with in the gym wanting to find out if they were there and had fucked her. I decided to just keep telling her no even if I knew for sure that the answer should have been yes. In fact, all of the different guys that she described to me I had seen there fucked her.
      I left the room and went back out to the front to let her get herself together and cleaned up and ready to go. The manager was busy trying to get the place closed. I walked outside for a minute to get some fresh air and noticed that there were a few Japanese guys there talking to some of the Americans about everything. I noticed that some of the military guys had the Polaroid photo in their hand of a Japanese guy standing next to my wife spread open in the chair.
      I asked the guy if I could see the photo. He gave it to me and it was a Japanese guy kneeling in front of Ava and spreading her pussy open. I asked him how he got the photo and that I thought only the Japanese guys were allowed to have their photos taken.
      He said that was true but the Japanese guys were selling their photos to the Americans after the show. I had never thought of that. I wondered if I would ever see one of those photos floating around the Air Force Base. It was actual proof that Ava had been naked and spread open strapped to a chair at the stage.
      On the drive home from the stage that night, Ava told me that she couldn’t believe that she had been fucked by her boss at work. She said that over and over. Then she said that she was glad that I hadn’t recognized any of the other guys.
      That is when I told her that I might have lied about that. She asked me what I meant by that. I told her that I actually did recognize some of the guys, well actually most of the guys that fucked her. She asked about what guys from the gym that she had described to me before. I asked her what gym she was talking about. She then asked me why I would ask that and I told her that there were actually guys from both the marine base gyms and the Air Force gym that had fucked her. I told her that in fact, I had recognized a lot of the guys that I had seen staring at her in the gyms and they had all gone into the backroom to thank her deeply.
      Her mouth fell open in amazement. She asked me if she had just hit another unlucky night at The Stage when a lot of American GIs were there.
      I said, “Yes, the most I had ever seen."
