Maggie's Diary
Little Joe


September 10th

Dear Diary

First day at Uni!!!!!! How exciting. Away from home at last. It's really dead good and I want to remember every minute so I've decided to keep a diary. For me only. Nobody else is allowed to read it!!!

There's like loads of dead fit boys here. Not that I've met anybody special yet, but with no parents (makes sick noise) to get in the way I want to have lots of fun!!!!!! You know what I mean diary!!!!

That is - well you know diary. I'm so nervous around people. I go into my little shell. Mousy little Maggie. So I"m relying on my room mates to help me build my confidence..

I'm rooming with two second year girls, Emma and Louisa and they say that they're going to hold a party for the second years to introduce all the freshers and there'll be like lots of boys there!!!! Can't wait diary!

Meanwhile have to unpack. Boring!!! And think about work - Boring Boring Boring!!!! Can't wait to see E and L again and learn about life at Uni!

****
September 11th

Dear Diary

E and L they're like totally mad. Emma walks around the rooms in her underwear!!!! She says I should do the same. Like never! 

Emma says it's only because I don't have any confidence. Well if not wanting to walk round in my knickers means being shy then that's what I am.

Went down the pub tonight and I got so drunk! Had two ciders!!!! This dead fit guy was like trying to look up my skirt and I fell off my chair and flashed my knickers. It was so embarrassing!!!!

We're planning what we're wearing for this party. I'm going to look really sexy!! Louisa says it's totally mad. She says she might leave her knickers off!!!!

Not me!! If I wear a sexy skirt I'm keeping my knickers well and truly in place!!!!

September 12th

Dear Diary

We're planning the party!!! We're going to have wine!!! And music and mad games. The girls let me in on their little secret. They like to play practical jokes. They're going to play a joke on one of the girls at the party. I don't know what it is but it will be fun.

Lectures are so boring!! Louisa says I should liven them up by not wearing knickers!!!!!! As if!! I'm so not going to leave my knickers off!!!

September 12th

Dear Diary

Nearly the day for the big party. I went down the offie to buy the booze. I had to come back for ID because I like look young. You know diary I wish my boobies were bigger. I know some guys they like go for the boyish figure, but big boobies give a girl confidence. Louisa said I should be more confident, that I've got a sweet face, that the boys like the little girly look. Like not wearing knickers gives her confidence - like she really doesn't!

September 13th

Dear Diary

I've been a bit naughty. Not very much, but Louisa said she always shaved her... Well you know where diary, down between her legs. Go on say it Maggie - you can say to your diary. She says I should shave my vagina, that it would make me feel confident. So I tried it and now I'm quite bare!!!!! I don't know if it makes me more confident. I'd just die if anybody saw down there. Absolutely die!!!

Emma says they've decided on the 'mark' for their practical joke. The 'mark' indeed. They've so been watching too much TV. They won't tell me who it is. But from what they let slip it's Tanya from their year. She'd fall for anything.

September 14th

Dear Diary

Poor Tanya! You'll never guess what we're going to do. We're going to strip her naked at the party. She'll be completely nude in front of everybody. She'll die of embarrassment! They're wicked those girls. Absolutely wicked. I'm glad I'm not Tanya. I'd die. I'd absolutely die!!!!! It's going to be a wild party. We splashed out on a bottle of sherry!

Note: it feels all tickly between my legs now, but I think it does give me confidence.

Note: how are we going to strip Tanya. They wouldn't say. They're totally wicked!

September 15th 2.00 pm

Dear Diary

Party tonight! We spent the morning getting ready. Bought smoked salmon for sandwiches - real smoked salmon. I said two bottles of chardonnay and a bottle of sherry wouldn't last long, but they said guests would all bring a bottle.

They told me the plan for the practical joke. They are so totally wicked. We are going to play a game where the loser has to play a forfeit. A real naughty forfeits game! Wicked! They are just so wicked!!! The loser has to dance wearing nothing but a towel! They have to take their undies off under the towel so everyone knows they're naked. Then when the 'mark' (ie Tanya) starts dancing we'll whip the towel away and leave her starkers in front of everybody. It'll be so funny!!! Then we'll make her pay another forfeit to get it back. She'll have to do it totally starkers! She'll be absolutely mortified!

One thing puzzles me though. How do they make sure Tanya loses?

Had to shave 'down there' again. Really tickly!!!! Oh diary I have a confession to make. It was so tickly down there that I started to give it a rub. I thought only really bad girls did that, but I did enjoy it.

6.00 pm

Dear Diary

Emma and Louisa say they have a plan so that the 'mark' definitely loses. They still wouldn't say who this 'mark' is. I asked if it was Tanya but they just laughed. I bet it is! Poor Tanya! If only she knew!

Had a little rub you know where. It feels so funny all bare, but if you get the spot! Ooh!!!! It's so tingly!!!!

7.00 pm

Dear Diary

Only one hour to the party and I'm so excited! Emma and Louisa let me in on the secret to trick the 'mark'. And it all depends on me!!! Yes on me!!!

It's what they call the 'convincer' - I told you they'd been watching too much telly. I have to pretend to lose first. Then I dance around a bit in my towel (a bit naughty but quite respectable) and Tanya is convinced it's all genuine. She'll fall for it completely. She's so gullible! I wouldn't be in her shoes for anything. I'd just die if everyone saw me in my birthday suit. I'd just die!!!!!

Had another little rub. It's so nice!

10.00 pm

Dear Diary

Here I am in my bedroom in my undies! It's all going to plan!!! Those girls are totally wicked!!! All I have to do is wrap the towel round me, go back into the party then take off the undies under the towel. It'll be quite respectable really. Then I dance around enough to convince Tanya. Then it'll be her turn and Bingo!!!! How we'll all laugh. She'll be mortified!

11.00 pm

Oh Diary!!!!!

I can hardly write this. I went in and they all cheered, and I took off my bra and my panties and they cheered even more, but I was quite respectable in the towel then, then… the next minute the towel was gone completely and I was standing there in my birthday suit and everyone was laughing at me, and I tried to catch the towel and they were throwing it from person to person and I had to keep a hand between my legs so they couldn’t see I was all bare down there and I was bare, completely bare and I was so embarrassed I nearly died!!!!! 

And Tanya was laughing and laughing and laughing. She had been in on the whole plot from the start!!!! Oh Diary! It had all been a plot to get me from the beginning. The whole 'Tanya' plot had been hatched to get me starkers at the party!!! I'd even fallen for the suggestion to shave down below to give everyone a better view!!!

Oh Diary!!! They've all seen me down below! They made me do another forfeit to recover the towel. I had to lie down with my legs apart and show them everything - my bare vagina and everything!!!!!!!!! All to get the towel back. 

And Diary!!! It gave me such a tingle I just had to rub myself down there. With everyone watching!!! I just couldn't help it and once started I couldn't stop. I can't ever ever ever show my face again. I'm just going to die!!!!

But first I'm just going to have to rub myself down there again!!!!!

September 16th

Dear Diary

I had to show myself this morning. It was absolutely that or just die!!!!

Lousia and Emma said I'd been a great sport and didn't think I'd have so much confidence!!!

I'm in the gang now with Tanya and them. They've told me what they do!!!

Oh My God!!!!!! I'm going to go and have another rub!
