How I Started Posing
by Annalovesit

Naughty pictures.

These are my experiences during my life so far.

This started when I was 18 and working as a secretary, pleasing my boss most days, usually giving him a blow job or he would fuck me over his desk.

I was now 19, my boyfriend had fucked off to university and only came home every two or three weeks. That meant that we spent those weekends fucking each others brains out, but the rest of the time I was cock hungry.

I know my boss and his cock was available but it really was not enough for me.

I was slowly working my way through all the guys that had called me a prick teaser, as I would only suck them off, and not let them fuck me.

As part of my job learning I attended evening classes for shorthand and typing skills at the local college.

One night our class was cancelled and as I was leaving I bumped into my art teacher from my old school. Hello Anna, he said, how are you.

Good sir, I replied. Your not at school now, call me Mark. I told him.what I was doing but not about my boss fucking me.

I explained that my class had been cancelled and I was just leaving.

He was in his early 40's I guessed and I remember having the hots for him at school.

Mark looked me up and down, then said how would I like to do him a big favour. He was running an art class, still life drawing, and his model had not turned up.

You would' not consider posing,would you? I would pay you.

As a young women, any extra money was useful so I said, doing what exactly?

Well, its still life, and it would be posing for the class as they draw you, but you would need to pose naked!

How much would you pay me Mark, I asked and he told me. It was enough to make me think. It's perfectly legal, all above board he told me. You just need to sit on a chair in the middle of the class as they sketch you.

Do I have to take all my clothes off, it would be better he replied. Why don't you have a look at the class and before I realised it he was leading me into his classroom.

It looked perfectly respectable, a mixture of young and old people of both sexes.

Look he said, if you like keep your underwear on. I smiled as I told him I was not wearing any!

OK I said, and he showed me to a screened off corner of the classroom. I took my clothes off, and putting on a loose dressing gown walked into the middle of the class. Sitting on the chair I thought well you like flashing, it will be just like that.

I removed the gown and stood there, I could feel them all looking at my naked body, my insides were tingling, as Mark came close to tell how to sit, he whispered to me, nice bush Anna, as he positioned me the way he wanted.

I was sat with one arm over the back of the chair, which pushed my tits out and my other hand on one knee with my legs slightly open.

I could see the ones in front looking straight at my hairy cunt, which was starting to feel a bit wet, stop it I said to myself.

After thirty minutes Mark called a break and helped me on with the gown. Can I see what they have drawn I asked. Of course Mark replied.

I wandered around and saw what they had drawn, some were quite good, others, well!

I was looking at one guys drawing and felt a hand on my bum. He was stroking it through my gown as I perused his effort. I have not quite got your tits right he whispered as his hand squeezed my ass cheeks.

Then it was back to posing for another thirty minutes. I noticed the guy in front adjust his crotch a few times, it was obvious he had a hard on, as I guess, so did a few others.

Then it was over, they packed up and I dressed. Mark paid me and thanked me.

I think you enjoyed that Anna he said, yes I replied. How would you like to earn some more money he asked me, it would be a lot more than what I've just paid you.

How?, well he said, as well as this class I run one for photographers,

Would you consider posing for them as well?.

Dressed or undressed I asked, both he grinned,but nothing naughty I promise.

Tell you what,if your not busy why don't I show you some of the sort of pics we take. We can drive to my house,you can see them, and if you don't like it, just say no.

I had nothing else to do so agreed and got in his car. As we were driving my skirt had ridden up a bit, and I noticed Mark kept glancing down. Keep your eyes on the road please.

Mark laughed, it is just knowing you are not wearing any underwear, he said. Do you often go out with no knickers on.

Yes, I replied, it just feels so free.

As we went around a corner my legs moved to steady myself and fell open.

Fuck Anna your cunt and bush looks so lovely.

Thank you sir, I replied, but you have been looking at me naked all evening.

I know he said and with a hard on, I looked at his lap, his cock was pushing a tent in his trousers.

I reached over and put my hand on it, my legs opened wider and I eased my skirt up higher until my bush was on full display.

I gently rubbed the bulge in his trousers,

Stop, you will get us arrested if you are not careful.

With that he pulled into his drive, we got out of the car and ran into his house, he pulled me tight,kissed me, his hand went between my thighs,his fingers probed my slit.

My god you are so wet he said as he eased his fingers up my cunt.

I pulled at his belt undoing his trousers, pulling them down along with his pants, his cock sprung up as my hand caught hold of his shaft.

I knelt down in front of him, took my blouse off and guided his cock into my mouth.

Looking up at him, I smiled and said, please sir can I suck your cock. Mark laughed as his hand went behind my head pulling me onto his cock. I licked his shaft and my tongue licked around the head of his cock, then he pushed it right into my mouth.

My throat opened as he forced it in,his balls were on my chin and I sucked greedily on his cock.

Stop he pleaded, i'm nearly coming, I wanted him to cum in my mouth, but he pulled me up, pushed me back on the sofa. I sat back as he grabbed my legs, opening them wide, his mouth engulfed my cunt, his tongue went straight in my wet cunt. He started rubbing my clit as his tongue worked wonders in my slit.

I felt my orgasm starting as I pulled his head hard onto my cunt, oh god, don't stop I screamed, my orgasm erupted, I flooded his face with my cum juices, he kept sucking on me.

Please fuck me Mark I pleaded, he lifted his face, dripping with my juices, he mounted me, his cock slid in me, he leaned forward to kiss me, I licked at the juices on his face as we kissed.

He pulled up, lifting my legs up onto his shoulders, his cock pounded into me and he shouted,I can't stop, fuck here it comes. His spunk shot out filling my cunt as I orgasmed again.

He fell off me onto the sofa, I lent over and licked his cock clean, thank you sir, I whispered. You naughty little girl he replied.

Mark then poured us some drinks, as we sat there looking at each other.

Now what about these photo's I asked.

Mark got an album out and we looked through it together. They were nice glamour shots, making the girls look very attractive and sexy.

I can do that, I said. Are you sure, it is only a small group and we meet here.

I stood and put the album on the table, feeling our cum dribbling down my thighs as I stood there. I leaned forward, pushing my bum out as I flicked through the pictures.

Mark took the hint and was soon sliding his cock back in me as I bent over the table.

I am holding a class tomorrow if you are interested he said as he gently fucked me to another orgasm.

So the next evening I made my way to Mark's house, dressed as he suggested in skirt, blouse,nice bra and knickers and if I wanted to, stockings and a suspender belt.

My skirt was a bit shorter than I intended, it meant my stocking tops were showing.

On the bus I got a few looks, mostly nice, and a few comments, mostly not nice. I just ignored them and made my way to his house.

Mark opened the door, hello Anna, you look great come on in. He had a big old house and he led me into the lounge. There were three guys there and Mark introduced me.

Mark then got out a photo album and showed me some of their pictures. They were mostly of girls, showing plenty of thigh and blouses undone with breasts showing but no nipples.

They were a bit more revealing than the ones he first showed me, but not dirty.

Happy he said, yes I replied.

With that the guys got their cameras out and were soon clicking away. Mark told me how to sit, what to do. I sat on a soft chair, cross your legs a bit, Mark said. Lets see a bit of stocking tops, so I crossed my legs. Cameras were clicking away, open your blouse a bit, so I undid two or three buttons.

Lean forward, push your tits together love, one guy said. So I did. I started to feel a bit turned on, my knickers were getting damp.

Now stand up, pull your skirt up, I caught hold of the bottom of my skirt, lifting it slowly, tell me when to stop, but he never said a word as my hem reached my waist. Oh fuck one guy said, look at her fucking bush, it's sticking out of her knickers

Holding my skirt with one hand I reached up and undid the rest of my blouse buttonds.

Cameras were clicking and flashing away,

Lets have break guys, are you alright Anna, of course I rep!ied. Sorry about the swearing this guy said but it, and you looked amazing.

Do you mean my cunt, I said.

Mark looked a bit surprised at my language.

Well I said that's what you want to see don't you.

They all nodded,

I stood up, took my blouse off, and undid my skirt letting it fall to the floor.

I stood there, hands on my hios, pushing my mound forward, my damp ptatch became obvious, the cameras started clicking again, I undid my bra, and slowly started easing my knickers down.

One guy could not help himself, his trousers hit the floor as he started wanking, it only took a few seconds and his load erupted over my bush and legs.

The other two quickly followed, I knelt down and they came over my face and tits.

Mark was still taking pictures.

Is this what you wanted sir, I said. Your former pupil on her knees covered in mens spunk.

The first guy stood in front of me, I leaned forward taking him in my mouth, fuck, stand still Mark asked as he took pictures of me with a cock in my mouth.

That started it, I took all their cocks in my mouth, swallowing load after load of spunk. Some was dribbling down my chin, onto my tits. They were all taking pictures of me sucking cock, my tits, face covered in cum.

I stood up, looked at Mark, right guys I need fucking.

I bent over a chair and one came up behind me, taking pictures of his cock entering my cunt.

I took them all, I orgasmed over and over. They took as many pictures as they could of me, on my back, legs wide open, cocks slapping my tits, cumming all over me.

I felt just like the dirty slut I was, loving it.

I stood up, bent over the table, come on Mark it's your turn. He came behind me and started to push his cock in my soaking cunt, I reached down between my legs, caught hold of his cock and pushed it back up to my anus, guiding it into my bum hole.

Oh fuck, she wants it up her ass, someone shouted, what a whore.

The more they called me names tbe more I wanted to be a total cum slut.

Fuck my ass please Mark, he did not need asking twice, his cock forced it's way up my back passage, I came before Mark took his picture of his cock in my ass. His load soon exploded in me.

They all wanted my ass after that, so I obliged them all.

Thirty minutes later they were all spent.

Just to finish the photo shoot, I laid back on the floor and masterbated myself to another orgasm that lifted my hips off the floor as I squirted and came.

They have promised to show me the pictures once they are developed

Mark wants me to pose for his next group as well.
