How to Have an Orgasm without Anyone Knowing

     One of the first discoveries I made after moving to New York City
was a unique little boutique on the East Side catering to the erotic
needs of women. A Garden of Sexual delights, the shop was filled with
literature on female sensuality, erotic art work, an unbelievable
array of vibrators and sex toy "goodies" selected with the pleasure of
the female body in mind. The atmosphere was warm and comfortable, not
the self-consciousness felt at venturing into some porno bookstores.
Here there was a calm acknowledgement that women do indeed want to
explore their sexual drives and urging with all the accoutrements
usually reserved for males.
     A showcase held several items with which I was happily familiar:
phallic-shaped vibrators in different sizes, vibrating "eggs" and
gold-plated ben-wa balls ornately offered on velvet cushions. What
riveted my attention was a device I'd never seen before: a soft
plastic cup slightly smaller than my palm, with a soft nub lined with
shallow grooves on the concave side. A pair of elastic straps were
attached to the edges, and an insulated wire led to a black plastic
battery case, a little larger than a cigarette lighter. With the
casualness of a salesgirl at Sacks Fifth Avenue, the young woman
behind the counter showed me the intriguing device.
     "It's called Joni's Butterfly, " she said, explaining how the
straps went around a woman's hips and held the vibrating nub snug
against the outer folds of the vagina. It didn't penetrate at all; it
wasn't designed to. "That's why the woman who invented it called it a
Butterfly. The sensation is like a butterfly lightly brushing its
wings against you. The straps hold it in place, leaving your hands
totally free. " She went on to describe how the device could be worn
undetected beneath ordinary clothing.
     My mind was racing with the possibilities. A gentle, feminine
vibrator that could continually arouse me even when I was out in
public, and so discreetly designed that no one could tell I was
wearing it. The stirring of lust between my legs flashed a quick
message to my brain--Gimme!
     When I got home with my erotic purchase I stripped myself naked
before unwrapping the device. The flat elastic straps went round my
waist just over the hip bones, suspending the cup between my legs.
After a few adjustments to tighten and position the harness, the
grooved nub pressed delicately against the outer folds of my labia. It
fit the contours of my body perfectly, making me grateful to the
innovative woman who'd concocted such a delightful device. Inspecting
myself in the full-length mirror, I was amazed to see how well it
adhered to my shape. It might have been custom-designed just to fit
me, to be a part of me.
     The big moment came when I took the slender control case in my
hand and, tensing a little in anticipation, switched it on. The hum
was almost inaudible, and the sensation wickedly sensual. The soft,
grooved nub warmed to my body and began delicate, feather-like caress
of my sex; massaging, urging, playing with my most intimate spot.
     Holding my breath and moaning slightly as the marvelous feeling
drove against me, I felt pleasure stirring deeply within me. This was
different from anything I'd experienced before. Unlike the phallic
vibrator which you had to hold against yourself, or push into the
furrow of your sex and then "take it," this gentle little machine gave
the sensation of an unhurried, loving caress. It was a lover's warm
hand that cupped me between the legs. Instead of entering me, it
simply massaged and played with the outer fringes, making me hot and
wet by gentle touches, never forcing, never in a hurry.
     Contracting my vaginal muscles in response, I felt sweet wetness
begin to lubricate my furrow. As I contracted and relaxed the muscles
of my vaginal walls and felt the slickness of my juices flow, I thrust
my pelvis back and forth, grinding my hips in slow, deliberate cir-
cles. The little device nestled tight against my sex all the way,
staying with me, never skipping a pulse
     In the mirror I watched the device follow every move. When I
reached down, I felt how hot I'd become. Glistening wetness made a
damp nest for the little nub, bathing it in my erotic odor. I could
adjust and realign the straps to hold the nub against the lower folds
of my labia, or higher up to vibrate directly over my clitoris.
     I could position it over my clit when using the device at home,
when I could be free to moisten it with my wetness, but under clothes
I figured such a constant nudging there might make me sore. I finally
decided to strap the vibrating nub directly over the center of my sex,
with my clitoris just above the nub. It wouldn't get the direct
vibrations when I stood, but by sitting down and shifting my legs just
so, I could shift the position slightly enough to knock against my
sensuous trigger. It was perfect.
     With the constant, light pulsation, my head lolled back and my
breaths grew deeper. Fingertips grazed my belly in a sensuous caress.
In the mirror, I could see my nipples standing out hard and erect, the
areolae reddened and needing my touch. I stumbled across the room and
collapsed on the bed. One hand rubbed my breasts while the other ran
over my thighs, my hips and belly. The Butterfly nudged me insistently
toward erotic delight.
     My sex was aching for release, moist with the slickness of my
juices, my scent reaching my nostrils and turning me on more. I gasped
and writhed on the bed, hands roaming urgently over my body while the
vibrating nub worked its magic. Rolling onto my side, I caressed hips
and buttocks, down the crease between the cheeks, fingering and
rubbing the skin between anus and sex.
     Once more supine, I spread my legs and ran my palms along the
quivering inside of my thighs, then up over the device, caressing my
belly, my navel, up my chest to my breasts, happy that I could fondle
my body so freely and still, with every move I made. feel the heady
stimulation against my most private part.
     I wanted to come without touching myself between the legs, with
just the vibrating nub grinding gently against me there pushing me to
climax. Hands rubbing my breasts, fingertips patting and feathering
the reddened nipples, the waves of orgasm came quickly, wonderfully
and uncontrollably. I reached down and clutched the device tightly to
my sex, smothering it in my ecstasy. Closing my legs around my hand
tightly and rolling over on my side, I shivered in blissful fulfill-
ment as the climax shook through my body.
     I let out a long. exhausted breath and stayed balled up like that
for several minutes, delirious dreamy with contentment. My orgasm had
been so natural--so peaceful--and I hadn't put my fingers inside or
played with my clitoris as I usually do. That marvelous little nub had
rocked me to pleasure, and my hands had been free to arouse, caress
and excite the other parts of my body that I loved so much.
     The real test would come with clothes on, in public. Could the
marvelous little device actually be concealed under my clothes ? I
hoped so as I slipped my undies and pantyhose up over it. in the
mirror it looked like I had a slightly more prominent mound, but with
tight jeans on? Perfection! No one would see a thing. There wouldn't
be the slightest suspicion that under my skin-hugging denims my body
was availing itself of the most exquisite erotic stimulation.
     I slipped the slender battery case into the waistband at the
side. It made a small bulge, but with a jacket on nobody would be able
to tell it was there.
     With my "little friend" settled snug inside my knickers. I knew a
whole new realm of delight was opening up for me. Many times I've been
turned on by everyday occurrences: eyeing attractive men; in a theater
watching some provocative love affair on the screen, or daydreaming of
a sensuous lover holding and caressing me. Tomes when I'd wanted to
touch myself but been unable to do so because others were around me.
Now I had something between my legs that would never let go and would
come alive with stimulating vibrations anytime I wanted. I was abso-
lutely thrilled by this liberating realization.
     The first test came in a crosstown taxicab. Perched in the back
seat, I reached inside my jacket to the waistband of my jeans and
switched on the batteries. I'd always worn my jeans fairly tight. with
the crotch seam sometimes mildly arousing me when I had lusty
thoughts. Now, with their snugness pressing the soft cup against my
sex, the sensation was incredible. The pulsations flowed between my
legs, urging me gently to lubricate, warming my pleasure, but humming
so silently I couldn't even hear the motor.
     In a few moments my legs were slightly apart and my mouth opened
as I breathed quickly in little gasps at the pleasure on my most
vulnerable spot. It was heavenly! The vibrator pulsed and I tensed my
vaginal muscles as the cab crept slowly along through the jammed
midtown traffic. Pedestrians swarmed past me, unaware that a young
lady in their midst was unabashedly pleasuring herself in tho most
intimate manner. I fell wickedly, totally sensual.
     Crossing my arms, I slipped my right hand inside my jacket and
cupped my left breast. The nipple was hard and standing out under my
sweater. With thumb and forefinger I teased it gently, twirling its
firmness, squirming on the seat as the nub gently churned against my
sex. Dampness coated the grooves and I clenched my teeth, breathing
through parted lips, inhaling more deeply and quickly, my breasts
rising and falling to the tempo.
     My legs pressed tightly together while under my jacket I caressed
my breast. My breathing got quicker, unsteady, deepening as orgasm
came closer and closer. Then I shifted on the seat and felt the deli-
cious stab of pleasure that could only come from my clitoris, aroused
and straining, pressed against the tightness of my crotch.
     The device shifted slightly when I crossed my legs, and pressed
even tighter against me. Dropping all barriers to pleasure, I reveled
in sweet orgasm, creaming in ecstatic delight. Every pothole and bump
the cab jerked over just added to my moment of pleasure, jostling me
on the seat, bouncing me merrily as I swayed with the momentum,
breathless in my secret world of pleasure.
     By the time the cab reached my destination I was limp, my eyelids
heavy in delight, my mouth open slightly as I inhaled slowly and
calmly. I'd switched the vibrating nub off after the initial throes of
my orgasm had subsided, and had sat like a zombie in the back of the
taxi for the last few blocks, amazed and absolutely enthralled by the
experience, numb with the pleasure of erotic fulfillment.
     Since that first day, my little friend and l have treated our-
selves to scintillating pleasures in the most unlikely places: eleva-
tors, behind my desk at work, in theaters, at the hairdresser's--
dozens of places. I've learned how to control my facial expressions
and squirming, not letting myself go completely unless I'm sure nobody
is watching. Just by activating the device and thinking hot, sexy
thoughts, I can go right to the edge of orgasm, experiencing it if I
wish, or just deliriously enjoying that happy, turned-on state.
     Finally I have found a way to translate my inner lust into
something discreetly physical while in public. I can experience
beautiful sensual pleasure whenever I desire, loving it, firing all my
erotic energies and never being frustrated when those urges stir.
     Now, instead of confining sensuality to the privacy of my bed,
I'm free to indulge myself anywhere. Even when I'm not wearing my
hidden erotic toy I'm still in a much more sensual, provocative state
of mind. I feel free, and the whole world is much more stimulating to
me now. My new feeling of sensual pleasure and erotic freedom carries
my sensuality into every part of my life.