Jane's Naked Adventures Ch. 01
by not a politician ©

Just now, Jane is acting as a candidate in "The Game Show" on X-channel. 
X-channel is an adults-only pay-TV channel. However, this little bit of 
information is unknown to Jane. She was asked on the street whether she 
knew the show, and only when she answered no was she given a strategically 
abbreviated description. The rules she knew were as follows: she will be 
asked several questions, each with four answers to chose from. Every right 
answer will gain her 250$. Every wrong answer will lose her a piece of 
clothing. However, if she still has a piece of clothing to remove, she 
will get 250$ even if the answer is wrong. There will be 12 questions 
altogether.

All this and her agreement to participate had been filmed and shown to the 
audience before she entered the studio. The audience had also been told 
about the extra rules Jane is to find out about soon.

The questions are carefully chosen. The difficulty level is such that the 
average participant doesn't know the answer but feels she could/should. 
The multiple choice answer options are designed to be misleading. Of 
course, by knowledge or sheer luck, a candidate will still get some right 
answers, but nowhere near enough. In effect, the candidates are led to 
believe they have a fighting chance while inevitably ending up naked.

After her first wrong question, Jane gets her first mild surprise. Her 
undressing will be on a small podium, and when she steps towards it, 
playback plays "the stripper". Okay, she could have guessed this, and it 
wasn't really bad, but still, she had expected this to be something which 
is told in advance.

Not surprisingly, she starts with her footwear, which is almost always the 
first thing an amateur removes. Besides, there's no point in playing a 
strip game (or any game) if you don't follow the rules and conventions.

Jane can hardly be seen as an exhibitionist at this point. She has always 
been somewhat on the conservative side, due to always considering the 
possible consequences of her actions. People with this habit usually can't 
get wild even if they want to. She had welcomed this TV show as a safe 
opportunity to convince herself that she, too, can do interesting and 
exciting things. Besides, the rules mean that she will get 1250$ for the 
five pieces of clothing she had been wearing when she was asked to 
participate.

Removing footwear during a striptease always looks a little awkward, 
especially outside of a practised routine. But Jane manages surprisingly 
well (I guess that pre-planning mind is of some use after all). The 
secret, as she has seen right away, is to avoid anything that disrupts the 
motions she makes to the music or causes her to unbalance herself. So, 
slightly shaking herself to the music, she bends her right leg at the knee 
all the way up to waist height, where her right hand quickly pushes the 
strap of her sandal over her ankle. She then kicks her leg to get the 
sandal off her foot. Since this sufficiently meets the criteria of "not 
awkward", she then repeats this with her other sandal. This leaves her 
barefoot, and she walks back to the moderator.

While she "stripped", she was focused on not looking stupid, but now she 
wonders if she has just performed an erotic act in public, even if it was 
just removing shoes. It may not sound like much, but to Jane, it was an 
important first step.

Since she rarely walks barefoot even in her own home, she's also very 
aware of the feel of the studio floor under her bare soles. In a way, it 
also feels naughty to walk around barefoot where everybody else is 
expected to, and does, wear shoes.

By the time she gets her second question wrong, she is already in the 
right mood, so she walks over to the podium with a lot more sway to the 
hips than necessary, shimmies her shorts down her legs, and kicks them to 
the side of the studio. She is starting to get slightly wet at the thought 
of being increasingly naked among so many clothed people. Also, she 
notices that since her legs are now bare, she is even more aware of the 
feeling of the floor under her bare feet. If this continues while even 
more skin is exposed, maybe "barefoot up to the neck" isn't just a silly 
way of saying "naked".

After her third wrong answer, Jane has to decide what to remove next. The 
moderator reminds her that nothing can be removed from under another piece 
of clothing, but that she now has the choice between removing her T-shirt 
or her knickers. Her T-shirt is just long enough to leave only a small 
portion of her knickers uncovered. She briefly considers taking off the 
knickers in order to stay almost decent for a little while longer, but that 
will mean ending up in just her bra if she gets another question wrong. 
She decides to strip off her T-shirt in the hope of saving her knickers 
until the end of the game.

But as we know, it is just not possible to survive all 12 questions with 
any vestige of clothing, and soon she kicks off her knickers in the same 
fashion she previously kicked off her shorts. She will have to answer the 
last 5 questions completely in the nude, standing beside the moderator in 
the middle of the studio. For the first time, she realizes the sharp 
contrast between her completely naked self and the extremely well-dressed 
moderator, and she experiences this realization as oddly erotic.

After removing her bra, she had not covered her breasts, partly because 
everyone had already seen them during the stripping, and partly because 
she didn't want to stimulate her already stiff nipples by touching them. 
Now, she stands with both hands folded over her pussy.

Jane answers question number 8 correctly, but answer 9 is wrong again. 
Standing there nude, losing 250$ is the least of her worries, but the 
moderator makes her an offer:

"Jane, we haven't told you before, but when one of our candidates gives an 
incorrect answer and has no more clothes to take of, we offer her the 
chance of a little game."

Jane has, like everyone else, known quiz shows only as a spectator, and as 
such she considers any candidate stupid who doesn't at least try to win 
the money back. So, despite not really caring about a little money more or 
less at that point, she feels compelled by her own logic to agree.

The games are not much of a challenge, maybe even silly. They could have 
been part of a children's game show were it not for the fact that it is a 
nude women performing them. Altogether, Jane does three of them. They all 
involve doing some tasks under a time limit, and seem to be designed to 
cause a maximum of bending, stretching and such. It's harmless in and of 
itself but very erotic when done nude, especially as the time limit means 
Jane can not act shy or cover up (This, of course, is all part of the 
show's concept).

But Jane's biggest surprise comes at the end of the show. When she wants 
to put her clothes back on, the moderator stops her:

"Hey, that's our stuff!"

"What? That's my clothes, I came with them..."

"Remember the rules, every wrong answer will lose you a piece of 
clothing!"

For a moment Jane doesn't know what to do, but then she realizes he 
definitely won't give her clothes back. Trying to keep anger and 
embarrassment at having been played for a fool from showing, she leaves 
towards the backstage area, in the hope of finding someone to complain to, 
a phone or maybe even some clothes.

As soon as she arrives backstage, an administrative-looking guy steps up 
to her, and asks her to come to his office to explain it all. He does seem 
trustworthy as far as entering an office is concerned, so, still naked, 
she follows him into his nearby office.

Here everything is revealed to her. She is then told that apart from the 
studio audience, no one has seen her participation in the show so far, and 
for legal reasons, he needs her OK to air it. If she refuses, her clothes 
will be returned, along with her winnings, and she will be free to leave.

If, on the other hand, she allows the show to be aired, her winnings will 
be quadrupled, and she will then be allowed to call someone to collect 
her, but to keep up appearances to the audience, they will film her 
leaving the premises naked.

Jane ponders this. Normally, she would never sell rights to her nudity, 
even if no one she knew ever heard of X-channel. But then, she had agreed 
to everything as it happened while she thought it was live. But weird as 
it may sound, it is the idea of walking out of the premises naked, even if 
it was fake (or maybe perhaps because it was fake and therefore naughty 
but safe), that makes her new-found wild side overturn the voice of her 
cautious self. She agrees to the airing.

end of the game show, but not of Jane's adventures 







