The Outlaws had had a good day. They had stopped The Owl Court and secured Dr. Freeze. In the end, it hadn't been too difficult and they'd given over custody of the mad doctor to Batgirl. Currently, Starfire and Arsenal stood at the foot of their bed. Roy's hands were on Kori's waist as the two of them kissed. Her arms hung lazily over his shoulders, the elbows bent at gentle angles while her hands dangled behind his neck.
His hands slid to her round, athletic ass and gripped her golden skin as she hungrily returned his kiss. It was easy to see the pink of their tongues intertwined between lips that moved against each other's in correspondence. The quite noises of their act filled the air around them as she pressed her hot to the touch body against his chiseled chest and stomach. Her large breasts pushed outwards and responded to his touch when he brought his hand up to caress the firm, soft side of one.
Kory giggled as he broke the kiss and picked her up by the curve of her wide, flaring hips. She held tightly onto him as he turned with her, putting his back to the bed, and then took a short step backwards to feel the bed against the back of his muscular thighs. She stopped laughing as he sat down on the edge of the bed with her in this lap. Kory's knees rested on either side of his thighs as Roy claimed her warm lips in another kiss. His hand came up to her breast and cupped it, feeling the hard bud of her nipple against his palm.
Her hands went to his hair, softly playing with it, even as he pulled away from her to speak.
"Use your lips, Princess." He whispered, looking up into her no pupil bright green eyes.
She smiled, pecked his lips and then slid off of him to rest her knees on the floor. Kory was tall, nearly six-four, and her head came up to his chest even while she knelt. She smiled up at him while she brushed her hair behind her ears and then wrapped her long, thing fingers around his member at the base. With her hand there, Roy's erection still gave her a considerable length to play with as she started to make love with him by lifting his cock and licking the underside. Roy leaned back and placed his hands behind him on the bed as he watched her work.
Kory gave him another smile and then used her tongue to circle his tip before she dipped her head and flicked the tip of her tongue against first one teste and then the other. She cocked her head over shoulder and, after opening her hand, licked him from root to tip and painting his cock with her saliva. From there, she straightened her head again and then kissed his tip before taking it into her hot mouth. Her eyes went to his and held them as she pushed against his dick with her tongue and began to bob her head on him, working more and more of him into her mouth. Roy's moans encouraged her on as she sucked hard on him, making soft noises against his shaft while she did.
Arsenal sat up and threaded his hands into the fine strands of her hair, caressing her scalp.
"Like that." He moaned for her, his voice low and breathy.
She lifted her head off of his pillar and smiled at him, licking him from root to stem as though she were licking an ice cream cone. Her eyes returned to his when she took him into her mouth again, this time slowly sucking him further and further into her mouth until the wide pink helmet of his manhood slid into her throat. She held him there with her chin resting against his balls for a moment and then shook her head, stimulating his length with the movement. Kory lifted her head off of him and took a deep breath. Slowly her hand stroked his length while she stuck her tongue out and flicked the underside of his head with her tongue.
"I want you Kory." Roy breathed as he slowly stood. "Bend over the bed."
He took her hands in his and helped the orange skinned princess to her feet and then held only one of her hands as she turned away from him and did as he asked, moving with the grace of a dancer. Roy moved up behind her as Kory planted her feet on the floor and placed one of his hands on her hip. He took ahold of his cock with the other and brushed it against the leaking pink folds of her center before he slowly slid inch after inch into her, relishing the sounds of her soft moans.
Her pussy stretched for him as he slid into her, enveloping his manhood in a hot fist that gripped his entire length. When he felt his balls resting against the space heater of her clitoris, he moved his other hand to the other hip and held her as he closed his eyes and pushed against her to make sure that he was as deep inside of The Tamaran Princess as he could get.
"Yes." She whispered for him.
Aroused by her perfect body and her soft moans, Roy began to move inside of her. His face and eyelids tightened as he began to fuck Starfire's perfectly exquisite pussy. Her round ass meeting his stomach caused flares of the heat that signaled her arousal and he found himself speeding up as more evidence dripped off of his balls.
"C'mon baby." She said as he moved inside of her.
His moans now joined her's as Kory began to rock herself back and against him, thick, quiet sounds echoed their bodies meeting in their act. Kory's hands gripped onto the sheets as she rested her upper body on them. Roy's hips moved faster still, fucking the princess to the chorus of her moans. He released her hips and reached forward, gripping her huge tits with splayed hands hard enough to make the skin darken in the wedges between his fingers. In his pleasure, he lifted her torso off of the bed and she straightened herself but kept her knees bent. Her long arms bent and she reached behind her head, gripping his hair in her hands.
A moment later, Kory's breath caught in her chest. Her body tightened and the muscles in her arms, back and legs stood against the orange skin as her orgasm ripped through her. Clear, silky liquid squirted from between her thighs and coated Roy's thighs and knees before dripping down to his ankles. It was over seconds later and the two stood, holding each other until Starfire could stand again. When she could, her hands released Arsenal's hair and her hands went to his. She leaned over again and Roy pulled out of her, his cock shiny with her leavings.
When his hands released her tits, she turned and claimed his lips again. Her green eyes slid closed and she laid her arm on his shoulder while her other hand went to his cheek, holding him as the two shared an after glow kiss. When they broke it, she sat down on the bed and then, after using her hands to lift her ass, she slid herself towards the pillows at the head. He followed her with his large member leading the way. When she stopped moving, he continued until he had moved in between her legs.
Looking into her green eyes, he lowered his body to her's and slid inside of her again. Her legs went to his hips while her hands went to his chest. His hands went to the bed beside her ribs and he began to thrust his root into her again. It was only a moment before her arms slid around his neck again, his hands went to her tits. Roy could never get enough of them and he showed this by squeezing them.
Arsenal pushed into The Tamaran Princess again and again, using his entire length to stroke her tightness. As he did, more of her arousal mixed with drops of his pre-cum leaked out of her and coated his balls. The lovers looked deep into each other's eyes while Roy pounded on her, their moans filling the space between them. Kory's abdominal muscles showed through the thin covering of her alien skin as she clenched onto him, holding him in the way that only women can do. His hands forced their way between her back and the sheets and he, too, held her as he moved.
The cold, silvery teeth of his orgasm grabbed him and he stopped breathing with his teeth clenched. His already big cock bloated with the blood that filled it in preparation.
"Give it to me." She moaned for him as he pounded his orgasm into her.
Their bodies met with quiet smacks as his hips ran into her. Even his eyes squinched shut just before he grunted and then exploded deep into Kory's body. His cock throbbed and pulsed inside of her as he sprayed his thick jizz into her center. He continued fucking her while part of his essence leaked out of her and onto the sheet beneath them until, finally, it was over. She nuzzled his face with her's as Arsenal took a deep breath and then claimed his lips again. He returned the kiss, holding her tight until, finally, he had to breathe again.
He broke the kiss, stole another quick one and then moved off of her, laying on his back on the bed beside her. The Tamaran Princess rolled onto her side and laid her head on his chest, her leg going over his hip.