Here & Now
by bestkeptsecret678

Here & Now 01: Shopping Day

Public Mishaps and Surprises

As you head out your front door, you notice a package left from the afternoon before, which you'd forgotten to bring inside. Slightly annoyed that you'd left it, you grab the smallish Am'zon box and toss it into the front seat with you as you get behind the wheel of your car and head out. You don't recall what delivery you were expecting, but porch pirates are always around, and you'd rather not lose another one to the bad guys.

On your drive across town for a morning of shopping, your thoughts drift among various random thoughts, some sensual, some mundane, which stores you'll be stopping at today, and so on. Your main goal this afternoon is to find a dress for the weekend, for a nice dinner with your new lover, the gorgeous man from work. You want something classy for the occasion, but still alluring enough to remind him what lies beneath for his welcoming hands...

Your first stop is the big department store, and you swing into a parking spot away from other cars to protect yours from reckless door dents and dings. As you start to turn off the car and unbuckle, you again notice the package you'd brought along and instead reach over to open it to remind yourself what you'd had delivered.

Beneath the tape and brown cardboard packaging, you see the Adam & Eve branding and remember.... it's the pink vibrator you'd ordered! It had been on back order for more than a month and you'd forgotten.... While much smaller than your normal accessory, this little fellow would be small enough to take around with you in your purse, whenever and wherever you might want it. A naughty idea, but one that you'd only fantasized about in the past.

While you happen to find yourself in a parking lot, your curiosity gets the best of you, not to mention a little excitement at all the possible places you might take this new friend..... You open the inside packaging, remove the object and admire the smooth pink surface, its slender pointed shape... You're pleased to see that batteries are included with the product, and you efficiently install them and turn it on. The quiet and familiar hum, along with the vibration in your fingers immediately flips a switch in your sexy mind..... you're committed at this point.... you must try out this new toy, regardless of your current location.

A quick look around assures you there's no other cars within easy glimpse of you, so with your car still running, you recline your seat partway and glide the vibrator across the outside of your blouse. You're wearing a bra, yet the sensation is enough to travel through the fabric to your nipple..... your circular motions around the areolas only heighten the sensation, and soon you're lifting up your blouse, running the device up the center of your belly, and then with your bra pulled downward, touching it to your now exposed nipples. The sensation is perfect... your nipples responding and swelling, wanting more.

soon your hands are unbuttoning your jeans and sliding them down... along with your panties to just above your knees, exposing your womanhood. Taking the vibrator in one hand, and teasing your still erect nipple with the other, you glide it along the crease between your upper thigh and your belly, down into the gap between your legs and back up the corresponding crease on the other side.

Then coming down from your belly button to the top of your slit, lightly pressing it into the region of your clitoris, then easing off and pressing it again..... and repeating this slow, pulsing pressure against yourself. Then moving it lower and pressing the length of it against your entire pussy.... Feeling the vibration against your labia, your butt and your clit all at once. Your hips begin to lift subconsciously against the hard surface, pushing your pussy up for more.

Your jeans are hindering your movement, so you slip your right leg out, allowing you to spread your legs and better expose your hungry, and now slightly moist pussy. You move the vibrator to your mouth and wet its entire length as if a cock were sliding along your tongue. Then, gliding its wetness between your legs and around your opening... teasing and touching... your labia, your clit, and finally you allow it to penetrate you...

The vibrator slides easily inside you... you push it all the way in...and the vibration fills your body with lust, your breathing getting harder. Pressing it up against your g-spot, and pulling it out, then back again, repeating the motion and increasing the pace. soon, your body wants what it needs so badly, and you bring the device to your clit, rubbing and pressing it against you the way you like it....

Your hips lifting and rocking, now faster, your breath coming in small, frantic gasps.... You feel that familiar fire building up inside your pussy. Getting closer... closer...... then.....

HONK!!!! HONK!!!!!

You're startled beyond description at the car honking right next to you. You jump and bump your knee on the steering wheel, and frantically attempt to put your leg back into your jeans. Staring at you out the open window of his compact car is the parking lot security guard.... "Is everything all right, miss? Do you need medical help?" You're not sure if he could see enough to understand what you were up to, but you smile and wave him off, while still keeping your window up. Discreetly you recompose and redress yourself and watch as he nods and then as his car circles around yours and drives off to stop a half dozen rows over, facing the other way, but still within visual distance of your car.

Your mood and momentum thoroughly spoiled, you decide to get your mind back to the reason for your drive and explore the department store in search of a perfect dress for your weekend. But as you assemble yourself, you turn off the the vibrator and drop it into your purse.... With a slight smile on your lips.

Inside the store, you make your way through to Ladies department, and then more specifically to dresses, and take your time picking out a handful of potential candidates to try on. The department salesperson is an attractive, petite brunette, close to your age, with medium length waves of hair. She's wearing a semi short skirt and silk striped blouse and gold accessories. She has a refined and manicured demeaner about her, and as she greets you, chatting with you as she escorts you to the dressing room, you can tell she as smart as she is attractive. "Just let me know if I can assist you", she says as you turn the corner and walk to the end stall, latch the door and hang your candidate dresses on the wall hook.

It doesn't take long to evaluate your selections, and you have a clear winner in mind as you admire it in the full-length mirror. Then, as you remove it, you notice there's still a wet spot visible on your panties from your earlier, failed attempt at satisfaction in the car. Thinking "why not now?", you reach into your purse and remove your new little pink accessory and turn it on. The hum is somewhat noticeable, but not too loud, especially considering there's no one else in the dressing room but you anyway, so you stand before the mirror and slide the device down your belly, and against the wet spot on your panties and pick up where you left off.. soon, your panties are off and one leg is up on the bench, your wet pussy easily accessible.

With one hand leaning against the mirror, you look down between your legs and enjoy how the vibrator disappears inside you as you fuck yourself, the hard and smooth surface wetter than ever from your juices. Again, your breathing becomes quicker, and you struggle to keep your panting quiet as you feel the passion rising inside you......

Then unexpectedly, you hear a polite cough outside your dressing room door....."Are you OK in there?"

You stop, shocked that this is happening AGAIN.... You only partly realize the vibrator is still humming, filling the silence with obvious evidence of what you are doing behind this closed door. You recognize the voice as that of the Ladies department salesperson. You're still motionless, unsure what to say, or what to do next. Then you hear her enter the changing stall next to you, latch the door and say, "I do like the sound of that sweetheart....".

The open space under the dividing wall of the stalls is high enough you can see her feet and lower legs. You bend slightly over confirm what you're seeing and watch as a pair of panties drops to her shoes, and she steps out of them. Then more of her becomes visible as she kneels down on the carpeted floor and slides her knees under to your side of the wall, then even farther until her trimmed pussy is visible, her skirt lifted and away. "Please...... let me feel it too...." She says sweetly and softly.

You are completely caught off guard but remain composed and react by kneeling down yourself and touching her leg with your free hand, the vibrator still humming away in your other. "yes..... please..." you hear her whisper. You glide the vibrator along the inside of her thigh, first one and then the other, stopping short of her prize between them. Then without warning, you press the device against her pussy.....and hear her softly moan on the other side.

Gliding it up and down, you tease and touch her... running the vibrator from the top of her pubic hair, down across her pussy and up the crack of her ass.... Her moaning increases, and her body pushes even farther to your side as she leans back with her hands on the carpeted floor. Her knees spread more open, and you can see her full beauty.

The vibrator is still moist from your own juices, and with her wetness starting to form, you smoothly penetrate her pussy with it. Just as you fucked yourself, you push it deep inside her, and then press it against her G-spot, back out and repeat the motion as she moves her hips in concert with your technique.

All this time, your own excitement has gone unsatisfied, so your free hand glides down to find your pussy soaking and nearly dripping from your excitement. You rub your clit as you fuck her with the vibrator, your own moans starting to intensify. Sensing her excitement rising, you shift to concentrate on her clit, a short faster motion combined with pressure, which she clearly welcomes. Her hips begin jerking wildly against the vibrator and you hear her moaning and panting on the other side... then her hand appears and grabs yours to pull the vibrator tightly against her clit.... Her body tenses, her legs quiver... and she lets out a deep gasp as her pussy pulsates against the vibrator and your hand..... The sight and sound is intoxicating, and you finger your own clit frantically as your passion rises to an explosion of pulsing heat..... you moan uncontrollably, watching her orgasm at the same time ....

After a moment of still silence, her hand releases the vibrator and pulls out of sight, and she slowly retreats back to her side of the wall. You turn it off, remain kneeling and watch her reach for her panties and slide them back up. You hear the door unlatch but she doesn't leave. Then after another silent moment, you hear her soft voice... "thank you sweetheart". And she walks away.

As you dress yourself, you look in the mirror and reflect, no really you marvel, at the memory of what just happed. And smile at your little pink friend as you drop it back into your purse. Taking the dress you selected, you head to the counter to find your petite partner helping another customer. You stand back and admire her composure as she pleasantly chats with the woman ahead of you, never once looking your way.

As your turn comes and you approach the counter, her eyes meet yours. You hand over the dress, she scans and rings it up without saying a word, still never taking her eyes off you. Her gentle smile shows both satisfaction and appreciation, which you return with a much more coy, if not slightly embarrassed smile. As she hands you the dress in the usual store-branded hanging bag, her hand purposefully brushes against yours, her gaze still locked on you. You can't help but smile again and turn for the door.

As you reach your car and open the back door to hang your purchase, you notice a small scrap of paper taped to the bag. On it, written in small cursive is a phone number... and a single word... "MORE".


Here & Now 02: Vacation Rental

When your alone time isn't... 

As your husband and children head out the front door, you give each of them a big hug and tell them to have a good time at the movies. This vacation has been fantastic so far. The kids have mostly behaved, your husband has been uncharacteristically helpful and relaxed, and the weather has been perfect. What's more, the vacation rental home you picked out, as the designated family travel planner, has been everything you had hoped. There's nothing like good research to make it all work out great, you proudly remind yourself.

Now its time for you to enjoy an evening of peace, quiet and some relaxation in the swimming pool. It had been a surprisingly easy conversation that you would prefer to stay back and let them go see a show without you. Perhaps your husband is more perceptive than you'd given him credit for, recognizing the importance of allowing you some alone time.

Soon after they departed, you make your way to the bedroom to change into a swimsuit. Since the kids are gone, you select the solid one piece that shows a little too much of your tush to wear around them, but is just right for this situation. Stripped naked, you notice in the full length mirror your new tan lines already prominent on your cleavage and hips. You stop a moment to examine and critique yourself.

You're mostly pleased with what you see. Your legs are not the long, shapely things that they used to be, but you've held your own against age and the biological consequences of bearing children. Your waist has remained trim, at least when viewed from the front, and you still have healthy skin with few wrinkles. The sunshine this week has drawn out the freckles on your face, adding a more youthful and vibrant glow. If there's any part of you that you'd fix, it would be to reverse the affects of time, gravity and breastfeeding on your once D-sized breasts. "Oh well," you think. "I can't have everything."

You picked this particular rental house as much for the heated backyard pool as anything else. It is a beautiful setting with a connected spa, exotic nighttime lighting and plenty of decking all around. The owners also provided an abundance of water toys and floats for your family's use.

The house is in a very nice neighborhood, although it could benefit from a little more privacy. The small backyard is almost completely consumed by the pool, with a row of trees along the back fence line. However, the two-story homes on each side have a clear view of the entire pool area from their upstairs windows or the 2nd floor sun deck at one of them. That said, you and your family haven't been bothered by any privacy issues the past few days.

You procure for yourself a tall pour of merlot, connect your phone to the wireless outdoor speakers for some music and head out back, bringing the bottle along for refills. The underwater pool lighting has a feature that slowly rotates colors, gradually fading between blue, green, yellow, red and purple. You conclude that they must start automatically at dark since they've already turned on.

Your plan for tonight is to get in, stay in and sip wine until you shrivel up like a prune. You notice the lights are presently green as you slip into the soothing warm water and hear Lana Del Ray's West Coast from the speaker as she fills the space with a serene and almost mysterious vibe.

Neck deep in the water, you relax and quickly down your first glass. "First one always goes down the quickest," you say quietly to yourself as you pour number two. Your mood is calming more by the minute. this is exactly what you wanted tonight.

You decide you'd like to drift for a change of pace and start with one of the many inflatable pool floats. You lie across the top but find you are out of the water too high, the cooler night air bringing a chill to your skin after soaking in the heated pool water.

Next you try a simple foam pool noodle by holding it cross ways under your arms and against your chest. This works better, but now you're challenged to keep your wine glass out of the water. You find the perfect solution by adding a second pool noodle, this one turned perpendicular and slipped between your thighs, as if you are sitting in the middle of a big letter U. You drift randomly as the pool's circulation jets push you gently around. You observe yellow underwater lights fading to red.

Approaching the bottom of your second glass, you notice that the foam noodle beneath you, with its elongated shape and buoyancy is lifting upward and comfortably along your vagina and your butt. It feels nice, and unexpectedly, is somewhat stimulating. You test the sensation further by moving your hips forward and back, and are subtly turned on by the movement. The foam material strikes a perfect balance between firm and squishy to make for an interesting self-play accessory. Alone in the pool and now a bit tipsy, you set your glass on the side, hold your U positioned noodle steady with both hands and start to slide back and forth on it.

It doesn't take long for the motion to arouse you. It feels like sliding your pussy up and down a giant penis, albeit upright and in a pool. While you acknowledge to yourself that it's somewhat weird, the sensation, the comfort of floating and the growing heat between your legs make it perfect in this moment. You continue to rub as you drift with the flow of the pool jets, slowly turning one way or another. Say Something, by Justin Timberlake flows from the speaker system.

Your arousal growing and your breath increasing, you notice the glow of blue lighting fade to green again, and just happen to look up at the house next door and instantly freeze.

Standing on the upstairs sun deck next door is a man... and he's staring directly at you. There are no lights on the deck but he is illuminated by indoor lighting as he stands in an open doorway. He appears middle-aged, judging from his frame and build. He is shirtless and you can see from the light that he has one hand in his shorts, massaging himself as he watches you.

He also freezes when he realizes he's been spotted. He doesn't move, perhaps uncertain what to do next. A moment passes, then more time as both of you are seemingly waiting for the other to act next. He ends the standoff, and returns to massaging his cock inside his shorts. The sudden reality of a voyeur in your space creates a new thrill. You throw caution to the wind and begin to ride your floating accessory again, with more vigor now than earlier.

You occasionally glance his way as you grind ever faster on the noodle. He is still in the doorway and appears more encouraged judging from the faster movement of his hand inside his shorts. Seemingly emboldened by your increased energy level, he moves closer, next to the wrought iron railing. He unfastens his shorts and allows his erection to spring outward. With one hand holding the railing he strokes his cock as he watches you.

At this point, you cant help but remain facing his direction, your eyes locked on him. His erect manhood is not easily seen in the dim light, which is now back to yellow, from your pool. Nonetheless, you are turned on by the idea that you are watching a stranger jerk off for you. You grind harder in response, your body rising and falling in the water. Your clit grinding against the foam beneath you.

You are startled and cease your grinding when he suddenly calls out, "May I come closer? To your side of the fence?" His question is polite, definitely non-threatening, signaling that it is your decision to make. Your answer is quick and reflexive, without deliberation. "Yes," you call back. "Come through the side gate."

You can't believe the words came out of your mouth. But before you can rethink anything, he's already closed the door and is back inside. Less than a minute later you hear your side gate open and close. In an instant, he's standing by the pool, a bulge in his shorts, and an uncertain look on his face. It appears to you that he is as shocked as you that he's here.

You definitely haven't thought this through, as you do nothing but stare back. A moment passes with no words exchanged as you look at one another. Your cleavage is the only sensual sight he has of you at this moment. You're still focused on the bulge in shorts and now the increasingly worried look on his face.

You break the silence. "Take off your shorts and get in. And you're not going to fuck me, understand?"

"OK," he responds as he hurriedly drops his shorts. You notice he's not wearing anything underneath as he slips into the now purple glow of the pool. He enters so swiftly that you don't get an obvious look at his erection. But you can tell He's not small. That much is clear in those few seconds.

Knowing that you've already blown past your comfort zone, your instinct is to keep your interaction with this stranger as anonymous as possible. You promptly instruct him to stand with his back to the pool edge as you back yourself up against him, facing the same direction. His cock naturally finds the same place as your foam noodle, between your thighs and lifting up against your pussy, separated by just the fabric of your swimsuit. His penis is much smaller than your foam appendage, but hard as a rock and the feeling strikes a match to your libido.

With one hand you reach down and lift his cock up against your pussy while the other massages your clit. He instinctively puts his arms around you, pulling you tight against his torso. You move your hips in a steady rhythm against him. One of his hands finds your breasts, kneading them and pulling at your nipples through your swimsuit. No words are spoken but you feel his hot breath on the side of your neck. He smells of liquor, whiskey perhaps. He moves his hips and his erection in unison with you.

The pool lighting turns to blue as you feel a heat building inside you, your excitement rising. You've never cheated on your husband, and the taboo of this moment is both terrifying and stimulating. Your legs spread wider, light and buoyed in the water. You gasp and moan quietly as an orgasm gushes outward from your clitoris. You convulse against his chest, your head presses against his shoulder as the endorphin rush tingles throughout your body, intensified by the warm water. He grips you firmly against him, his cock still as you writhe against him.

The adrenaline rush fades soon and your passion starts to subside. He releases you from his grasp, and you stand and turn to face him. He's not unattractive, you think to yourself. You also realize at that moment he has a raging hard on pointed straight at you that demands attention as well. Still wanting to control the situation, you quickly take action rather than give him time to form any ideas of his own. "Turn around. Face the side of the pool," you direct. He follows your instructions and turns away from you to face the pool's edge, his hands resting on the lip of the pool deck. You welcome the anonymity of not seeing his face.

You put both your arms around his midsection to find his erect cock. He's big, although not as big as your husband. His rod feels as hard as steel, though. You grip his shaft and touch his scrotum and begin to jerk him off. Lights fade to green. His hips moving with you, his ass bumping against your belly as he becomes absorbed in the moment. He's tall, such that you can't see over him and are surprised when his hands drop to join yours. There's a moment of confusion as all four hands try to find a place and technique to stimulate one man's dick. Then you settle into a formation where your hands are on his cock and balls, and his hands surround each of yours. You are touching him, but he is silently guiding your actions.

It doesn't take but a moment for you to comprehend and follow his motions, his physical intent and how he wants to be touched. Through his fingers and hands upon yours, he communicates to you when to grip tighter, when to loosen; where and how to touch around his testicles, when and how to stimulate them.

You follow as he silently guides you to increase your pace, jerking his cock more vigorously than you would have on your own. Oddly, the experience is giving you insight into a man's physical sensations that you've known were present, but now understand that you had not really comprehended at all.

He groans, a bit too loudly you think, and his body shakes as he climaxes, all four of your hands gripped tightly around his cock. You feel it pulsing in your fingers. You look to one side and watch as small jets of cum spurt from his cock, suspended underwater like milky clouds, illuminated by the now yellow glow of the pool. You allow him time to slow down, for his shaking to become a quiet grunting as the last of his little, pleasurable releases come to an end.

"Ok, Fun's over. You have to go now," you instruct abruptly.

Without waiting for an answer or stopping to look back to him, you head for the steps, exit the pool, wrap yourself with a towel, and enter the house, locking the door behind you. Standing back from a darkened kitchen window, you watch nervously as he steps out of the pool, still erect, wrestles his cock back into his shorts, and hurries back to the side gate. You hear it open then close then take in and exhale a deep breath.

As the tension exits your body, you burst out in laughter, in part from the wine, and part of the deep sense of relief that you weren't discovered by your family. You check the clock, they've only been gone for an hour, but that barely tempers your thoughts of what a tremendous and reckless risk you have just taken.

You dry off, put on silk short pajamas and lie back on the king-sized bed, a refill of your wine at the ready. You are finally relaxed now and pick up the steamy novel you left on the nightstand the evening before. At some point after that, you drift off to sleep, your book in hand.

You awaken lying on your side to find the lights off, your husband snuggled up behind you. You say hello and give a slow yawn as he lets you know that he and the kids came in, found you sleeping, and now he has them tucked into bed already. You lower your head back down on the pillow, reconstructing in your head the entirety of your unbelievable night. You reach behind to touch him and discover his bare hip nestled behind yours. You realize he's naked as you feel a familiar and welcome bulge pressing between your thighs.

