Suzy's Birthday Dress
by Johnny Dangerous 

The story recently written about true events of a wife trying on a swimsuit has prompted me to tell you of a true event of my own experience - I'm afraid I will embellish it slightly and change from first person to third person etc. partly because I wasn't witness to latter events and partly to make it more readable. Once read it may inspire some of you to play a similar trick on your own partners. 

It all started some time ago whilst I was working away. I met a petite brunette called Suzy who was in my eyes very pretty, sexy yet innocent looking. As I've said she was brunette, she stood about 5ft 5 to my 6ft, she was very slim with perfectly proportioned breasts. I used to visit her as often as time would allow even though we lived quite far apart. We successfully dated for some time, mainly because the sexual chemistry between us was so intense; had it not been for other commitments we may well have ended up together permanently. We still keep in contact as friends but due to my moving even further away time together is scarce. Anyhow enough of the waffle, back to the story: 

After a few very successful and horny dates together we were sat in a restaurant having dinner when I casually asked Suzy what she would do if asked her to take off her knickers right there and then. She blushed the prettiest shade of red I have ever seen and called me a dirty git. We then continued our meals, giggling and laughing at silly jokes for the next half an hour or so. Just before we were to order dessert Suzy said she needed to 'powder her nose' and so left the table. About ten or fifteen minutes later she eventually returned and was nervously shaking. She then leant across the table and whispered something in my ear. 
"Prove it" I replied incredulously. 
"How?" she asked 
"Give them to me." 
Suzy reached into her handbag and produced a fine pair of lacy panties, which were still warm from being so recently worn. I lay them out on the table causing her to blush once more before I slid them into my pocket telling Suzy she would only get her panties back once we were back at her flat. 

As you can probably guess I teased Suzy about her state of undress for the rest of the evening. Instead of going home after the meal I thought it best to visit a few pubs. I even pulled her over to a side alley and when I kissed her I lifted her skirt and pushed her against the wall. The cold feeling of the brickwork against her bare backside only exaggerating her feeling of nakedness and her awareness that I could so easily display her should I choose to. The rest of the evening was spent with me in an obvious state of arousal; I even had to un-tuck my shirt so it covered the growing bulge in my trousers. Suzy got more and more excited as the evening went on. At one point I even had her sit on a high bar stool which caused her skirt to ride up and expose her pussy. I stood in front of her shielding her from voyeuristic eyes but couldn't resist sliding my hand up her thigh until I felt her sopping wet gash. Never before had I felt any girl to be so wet. The evening culminated in me somehow convincing her that unless she handed me her skirt outside the door to her flat she wouldn't get the fucking she was so desperate for - as if I could have refused!!! 


Suzy's Birthday Dress part 2 

As time progressed Suzy and I would often try for the more risky love making sessions, outside in public parks or shopping precincts at night for example. Sometimes it would simply be heavy petting in places normally considered taboo such as the cinema, in restaurants or even during a friends wedding reception. Whatever we did always ended with us needing relief in the privacy of her flat or a hotel room. It is difficult to maintain a level of excitement and spontaneity so we made a point of not doing something every time we met, surprise is the greatest aphrodisiac. 

And so it came to be a little over two years into our relationship and it was Suzy's birthday. What could I get her? 

I arranged for some time off work and told her to do likewise. I picked her up and being the romantic soul I am booked us into a cosy country hotel for a few nights. After a first pleasant evening I instructed Suzy we were taking a drive to buy her a new outfit. Excitedly she jumped into my car and we headed to a large out of town retail outlet that I had, unbeknown to Suzy, reconnoitred the previous day. 

Suzy followed me expectantly into the store and was delighted to see row upon row of wonderful garments. There was everything from the briefest of mini skirts to the most elaborate of ballgowns. I told Suzy that I was looking to buy her a gorgeous 'birthday' summer dress and so we set about picking out several items. The shop was fairly quiet and Suzy had tried on several before the young female sales clerk noticed that she was careless about leaving the cubicle curtain slightly open. I stood in appreciation as with each change her matching dark silk underwear was briefly displayed through the gap. The clerk, obviously concerned at my voyeurism, then asked Suzy if we were together. To which she for some reason giggled "Yes." The salesgirl must have sensed something between us because she then said that as the store was quiet I could step into the changing room to aid in the picking of an outfit, if it would help. The clerk then disappeared into the rows of clothes racks as I slid into the changing room with Suzy. Her next outfit consisted of a brief skirt and white blouse; not quite the summer outfit I had in mind but apparently a bargain Suzy said. 
As she fought for space in the cramped room she would 'accidentally' push her firm buttocks into my groin. I in turn would grab her on the pretence of supporting her, feeling a breast or buttock in the process. Eventually she managed to get the outfit on, I told her it looked OK but a bit tarty as her black bra was visible. She then took off the top and bra and was about to put the top back on when the curtain was pulled open by the young salesgirl. Suddenly the gorgeous tits of my luscious girlfriend were on display to anyone who cared to look. 
"Oops! Sorry" tittered the mischievous salesgirl before drawing the curtain and handing another outfit to the once again crimson Suzy. 
Suzy turned to me in shock but her erect nipples gave away here growing state of excitement. She then tried on the new outfit without bothering to replace her bra. I must admit she looked pretty good but it wasn't the outfit I intended for her to wear and so I suggested trying another. As she was just stepping out of the dress I left the changing cubicle, pulling the curtain wide and once again displaying the topless beauty to the delighted salesgirl.


Suzy's Birthday Dress Part 3 

As I left the cubicle Suzy screamed in shock, calling me a pig, but that only drew attention to her from the few other people in the store and so increased the number of people who had the pleasure of seeing her bare c cups so far that day before she hurriedly closed the curtain. 

I took that opportunity to enlist the aid of the mischievous young sales assistant. I explained that it was Suzy's birthday and as a special treat I was getting her an outfit; then I detailed exactly what I needed her to do to make it even more memorable!!! 

I made my way across to the corner of the store where the previous morning I had hidden a stunning sheer summer dress that had been reduced in price to only £9.99. (It's not that I wouldn't spend more but I needed to ensure that this was the dress Suzy would wear when she left the store - all will become clear) 

I returned to the changing room to find a grinning clerk, holding the curtain ajar in conversation with my barely covered and quite obviously embarrassed girlfriend. I ushered the young girl out and handed Suzy the sale dress. Suzy, remarked how perfect the dress was but on seeing the price tag looked at me in disgust until I produced a beautiful diamond ankle bracelet and explained the money I'd saved on the dress had got her this. 

Suzy pulled the dress over her head and let it slide down her exquisite body. It fitted perfectly, she was a vision so sexy that I immediately became hard. The dress was a simple one piece, it had no sleeves, was fairly low cut at the front. It was also fairly short and only just covered her stunning rear. As she twirled the dress flared out giving a brief glimpse of Suzy's black silk panties. The dress was loose enough so that with the right light the material became almost transparent leaving a casual observer a perfect silhouette view of the gorgeous body beneath. The only drawback, which was evident to both Suzy and I was the obvious outline of her black panties; she would have to wear light coloured ones but for now, just whilst in the changing room could perhaps go without. 

Smiling sheepishly, Suzy raised the dress to her waist, hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the offending undies and pulled them down and off. At this point I bent down to place the diamond bracelet on her slender ankle. I also stared up the dress at the pink glistening pussy lips in the neatly trimmed bush above me. 

My kneeling was also the cue for the young salesgirl to tender assistance. On seeing Suzy in the sexy brief summer dress she exclaimed how wonderful she looked. She then offered to return the other items to the racks. As the helpful young girl collected all the clothes off the floor, including ALL Suzy's own clothes, I told Suzy to hold out her hands, close her eyes and count to twenty for just one more surprise. She did as instructed, I placed and envelope in her hand and left the cubicle and store. 


Suzy's Birthday Dress Part 4 

After counting to twenty Suzy opened her eyes and was surprised to find she was alone in the changing room. Excitedly she opened the envelope in which she found a card containing £10 and the message. 'Meet you at the car. Happy Birthday love JD.' It was only when she looked around her that she realised all her clothes were gone and all she had to wear was the sheer mini summer dress and without any underwear!!! 

Cursing she called for the aid of the young shop girl. 
"Where are my clothes?" she pleaded but the girl denied all knowledge of their location except for a pair of strappy high heeled sandals. 
Suzy put on the sandals, which only forced her to stand more on tiptoe and so accentuate her toned legs to the extent they looked longer and her skirt even shorter. She then reluctantly exited the changing room with the smiling clerk following close behind. As Suzy approached the checkout she felt as if all eyes were on her; ‘was it obvious that the only covering she had was this pretty yet flimsy dress’ she wondered. The thought both scared and excited her causing her nipples to harden under the thin material and her juices to flow. The young salesgirl looked on in awe as Suzy's body was silhouetted in all its glory by the sun blaring through the large shop windows. As Suzy stood at the till, legs slightly apart, the young assistant could even make out the outline of her labia and pubic mound. 

Suzy looked around the shop, nervously fidgeting with the £10 note to pay for the dress. She saw that apart from the two college girls queuing in front of her there were no other customers in the store. There were however half a dozen staff, most of which were of a similar age to the college girls, and who having little else to do were now discretely eyeing up the pretty brunette at the till. The college girls finally paid for their goods and left the store so leaving Suzy as the only customer. She approached the checkout where a boy of no more than seventeen waited to scan her purchases. 
"Good day Miss." He stuttered, blushing as he tried to avoid looking at the gorgeous woman before him. 
Suzy barely responded, instead handing the £10 note to the red faced boy. "I'd like to pay for the dress" she quickly added. 
"Which dress Ma'am" he asked noting nothing was on the counter. 
"Errm! It's the one I'm wearing" She stated offering up the price tag on her shoulder strap. 
"I need to scan it, Ma'am." He replied apologetically. 
"Oh!" squeaked Suzy noting the scanner was built into the till. "Perhaps you could cut off the tag" 
Suddenly the salesgirl who had been paying particular attention to the unfolding events stepped forward. "I'm sorry but that won't be possible, it would invalidate the returns policy, perhaps you could just lean forward over the scanner." 
Suzy thought about it for a while but soon realised she had little option than to agree. Clutching the front of her dress to stop it gaping open at the top she then attempted to lean forward over the sales counter. As she stretched to get the tag over the scanning plate her feet started to slip from under her causing her to brace herself against the counter. As she did she released the front of her low cut dress giving the teenage checkout boy a perfect view down her dress at her totally unsupported tits. That same action also caused the dress to ride up revealing her naked buttocks to the rest of the shop staff who had now gathered behind her. Suzy looked up in despair as she realised the tag wouldn't reach the scanner. She then noticed that the young boy in front of her was now crimson faced and sporting a very stiff erection under his work issue slacks. She was however unaware of the wondrous sight of her bare buns being displayed to the sales staff behind her. 

Suzy stood up trying to figure out a way she could get the dress scanned without revealing any more of her athletic yet curvy body. It was at that moment the young sales assistant who had served her in the changing room stepped forward once more. 
"Look, there are two buttons supporting the shoulder straps at the back. Perhaps if we can release those we can get the tag off without invalidating the returns policy." 
Suzy agreed and allowed the 'helpful' girl to undo the buttons. As she pulled at the shoulder strap there was a barely audible ping as the buttons flew across the store. The salesgirl then slid the tag over the freed strap and handed it to Suzy, she then lay the strap back over Suzy's shoulder. 

Suzy, who hadn't noticed the buttons flying off handed the label to the teenage boy behind the till. As he rang it through Suzy rushed to leave the store. 
"Err excuse me miss" he said "You've forgotten your change and receipt." 
An exasperated Suzy who had almost reached the exit door swirled and stomped back to the till to retrieve her penny change. The swift movement caused the button-less shoulder strap to fall forward and Suzy's left breast and budding pink nipple sprang free to the joy of all the watching staff. As Suzy recoiled in shock at unwittingly displaying herself yet again, turning as pink in the face as her cherry coloured nipple the ever inventive salesgirl stepped forward offering her a small safety pin to secure the strangely broken strap. 


Suzy's Birthday Dress Part 5 

After the blushing Suzy covered herself up with the aid of the sales girl's safety pin she rushed to leave the store and finally be out of this embarrassing albeit sexually exciting situation. The sales staff watched mesmerised as the summer dress swayed with every hurried step she took, it swayed a little too much thought the salesgirl, it was as if the saucy customer was giving an exaggerated display by wiggling her bottom or the hem was slightly weighted down by something. 

Suzy breathed a sigh of relief as she finally neared the door and was away from prying eyes at last. The sudden sound of a screeching klaxon caused her to jump in shock momentarily flipping her dress up to flash her exposed pussy to a passing car. She stood frozen to the spot just outside the store for several seconds before she felt someone tugging her arm, pulling her back into the store once again. 
"Sorry Madam" said the salesgirl smirking "It seems you have a security tag on your dress. If you just pop back in we'll have it off you in a jiffy." 'And not just the tag' she thought to herself.' 
Once again Suzy felt herself being led back into the store. This time, however she was taken to the customer services desk. 
"We have a special tool for removing the security tags." The girl said brightly "It should be under here somewhere. If we don't get it off correctly it sprays a dye which will ruin the dress." 
As she was talking she pushed the portable tool to the back of the desk out of sight. Suzy meantime had been feeling round the dress trying to locate the offending tag; she found it on the inside of the hem at her rear. 
"Shit!" exclaimed the sales assistant. "It seems the portable tag remover was sent away for repair, we only have the ones built into the desk. Perhaps you should nip into a changing room, take off the dress, then I'll do the tag and return the dress." 


Suzy's Birthday Dress Part 6 

Suzy contemplated her situation. Here she was stuck in the middle of a large clothing store wearing only a short flimsy summer dress and strappy sandals and now the young salesgirl was asking her to remove even that last vestige of decency. She new she had no choice but to remove the security tag in the hem of the dress but surely she could keep the dress on. So far this morning, through a series of mishaps she had already flashed her boobs and bum at various people, surely she couldn't allow herself to be totally naked in the store with just a changing room curtain to protect her modesty. 'What if the salesgirl accidentally left the curtain open, or what if there was a fire alarm whilst she was stood naked in the changing room. No! She just couldn't do it, there must be some other way.' 

"I'm sorry." Said Suzy to the assistant. "But you'll just have to find some way of removing the tag. I can't take off the dress." 
The young girl silently cursed. She had secretly hoped to leave this sexy woman in the changing room naked for as long as possible; perhaps even instructing one of the other salesgirls or men to ‘accidentally’ guide another customer into the same cubicle. 'She had hoped to give her a birthday to remember, ---‘ in her birthday suit.' she tittered to herself. 

Thinking fast, the young girl again explained that the only way of removing the plastic dye filled security tag was to use the special tool built into the customer service desk. Suzy looked at the desk, it was just above waist height, there was no way she could lift her dress without revealing that she wasn't wearing panties. What could she do? Searching round the store she noticed a small set of steps, perhaps if she stood on the steps she could then sit on the desk and the girl could remove the dreadful tag. Suzy suggested this and the salesgirl, thinking her last chance of stripping fun had finished reluctantly agreed. The young girl collected the steps and placed them by the desk. She then returned to the other side of the desk as Suzy precariously balanced on the small rickety stepladder. The young girl then instructed Suzy to turn round and slide back onto the desk so she could remove the tag. Suzy did as ordered and ended with her feet dangling over the desk facing the shopfloor. Her dress hem had slid under her bottom to the extent her young aide was unable reach the security tag. 
"You'll have to lift your bum a bit so I can get the tag" said the young girl. 
Suzy cringed at the possible sights she would display but obliged in the request and used her hands to push herself up off the desk just a few inches. This was just enough room for the young salesgirl to pull the tag and a substantial amount of material to the rear of the desk, she also deliberately lifted it high enough so she could get an excellent view of Suzy's gorgeous bare arse. From the front the view was also impressive and it was only Suzy clamping her legs tightly together that stopped all the other people in the store from getting an eyeful of her neatly trimmed box. 

On feeling the dress being pulled from under her lowered herself back onto the counter. She had a sudden feeling of shock as the cold surface of the desk mad contact with her naked behind; she initially jumped from the shock causing her unfettered breast to jiggle invitingly under her flimsy dress. In the instant she recoiled the salesgirl smiled noting the damp patch left on the desk by the obviously excited customer. So far the mischievous young girl had seen, at various stages, all of the sexy customers body, the only part she hadn’t seen was her snatch. The salesgirl wasn’t gay, but when the lady’s boyfriend had asked for her help in making this a special birthday she couldn’t resist the opportunity and found herself wanting to take things even further than he’d requested. The question now was how could she get to see this gorgeous woman revealing her most prized asset to the world? 

The pretty sales assistant went about carefully removing the security tag whilst looking around the desk for something that might help her in her quest of defrocking this poor unfortunate yet beautiful woman. Her eyes eventually settled on a large paper weight. The salesgirl then instructed Suzy to slide a foot or two to the side so she could locate the tag in the removal tool. In so doing Suzy was forced to part her legs with each shuffle to the side giving anyone who cared to look a brief but perfect view of her now sopping wet gash. The salesgirl of course couldn’t se this but new that the result of the movement would place the, hopefully soon to be naked, customer too far away from the steps for any simple descent from the desk. It also gave her the opportunity to snag the hem of the light summer dress into a join where two tables met to form the service desk and then further secure the dress in place using the carefully placed paperweight. 

"OK got it." Said the salesgirl cheerfully whilst making a show of throwing the security tag into a large plastic bin and then moving round to the front of the counter to check on some clothes racks there. "Sorry if you've been inconvenienced in any way, you should be clear to leave now." 


Suzy's Part Dress Part 7 

Suzy once again breathed a sigh of relief; soon she would be out of this store and back in the arms of her loveable rogue of a boyfriend, ‘ Jesus, she was feeling horny. She could practically feel her juices flowing onto her thighs.’ The shopping trip had almost turned into a shopping strip but fortunately she had done little more than give brief flashes of her body, or so she tried to convince herself. She was desperate to finally get off the customer service counter where she now sat with her dress barely covering her thighs. If she didn't move carefully she was certain she would end up displaying a great deal more than she had already. The problem was the height of the counter effectively placed her on a stage that was just perfect for public viewing from almost anywhere in the store. She started to wonder if she would have been better stripping naked in the privacy of a changing room after all. It was too late however to change her mind, all she had to do now was climb down the stepladder and leave the shop. 

An equally attractive friend had now joined the young sales clerk and both girls looked on in eager anticipation as Suzy assessed her situation. Suzy moved her foot an inch or two to the side and realised that she could not easily reach the steps. She slid along the counter until her foot could just touch the ladders. She was concentrating so much on getting to the steps without further mishap that she failed to notice the rear of the dress staying in place as she shuffled along. Each movement of her leg to measure the distance to the steps also meant she was inadvertently parting her legs just enough to give the salesgirl a wicked view of her pouting pussy lips. The nervous exertion of trying to retain her dignity had also made Suzy start to perspire. The glistening sheen to her face gave the impression of someone who had just enjoyed a wonderful sex session. The sweat across her chest made the thin material of the dress cling to her like a second skin, emphasising the curve of her breasts and the erect state of her nipples. All in all she had entered the store less than an hour ago looking the epitome of propriety and had somehow been turned into a walking wet dream normally reserved for top shelf magazines or wet T-shirt competitions. 


It seemed every one in the store was now mesmerised by the beauty at the customer services desk. Suzy however was too busy keeping her decency to be fully aware of the number of people witnessing her plight. The salesgirl in particular had positioned herself so that she wouldn't miss the finale to the morning's events. Suzy slid across the desk just a few inches more causing her dress to trail even further behind her and an even greater expanse of thigh to be plainly visible to her growing audience. Finally her foot made firm contact with the top off the steps. It was as she slid forward onto the steps that she finally realised that her dress had somehow been caught behind her and was now being pulled up to her waist. Suddenly she was aware that her pussy, which she'd freshly trimmed for her weekend away was now on show to the whole store. This sudden realisation caused her to snap her legs together in a vain attempt to protect her now dripping box from prying eyes. The jerking movements of her legs together with Suzy twisting to release the dress only served to make the situation immeasurably worse as she kicked the steps away from under herself. Then as if in slow motion she felt herself sliding off the desk and toward the floor whilst her dress refused to give way until the last possible second. The dress finally tore free from the desk pulling the paperweight crashing to the floor and drawing all eyes in the store towards the customer service desk. Suzy landed astride the ladder her legs forced wide apart and her sopping gash pushed up for all to see; the hem of the dress meantime had been pulled high causing her arms to be trapped inside and above her head. Everything that Suzy had to offer below her rib cage was now clearly being advertised in the shop. 

Suzy sat shocked and dazed by the fall from the counter temporarily unaware of the spectacle she was providing. The two salesgirls rushed across to her aid instructing her not to move as they assessed her for injury. Of course this meant that she was unable to cover her gorgeous body from the many lustful eyes around her. After fully assessing that there were no injuries the salesgirl instructed her friend to grab an arm and a leg as she did likewise. The two girls then lifted the helpless and still dazed Suzy and carried her across the store to the shoe section where there was a small settee and a water cooler. As they carried her, the salesgirls made no attempt to cover the gorgeous customer instead bunching the defenceless customer's dress above her waist and locking her arms around their shoulders for support. As they traversed the store the two grinning clerks pulled Suzy's legs further apart totally exposing her pussy and swollen sex to all their colleagues. After the slow walk across the store they eventually reached the settee and lowered the dishevelled beauty onto the couch ensuring they positioned her with legs either side of a foot stool so that she wouldn't be able to close them and hide her luscious charms. The sales girl then poured Suzy a cold drink of water which she accepted with shaking hands. The cup, which had been filled to the brim dripped down onto Suzy's bare skin causing her to instinctively jump in shock and drop the whole beaker down the front of her dress. This freezing soaking had two effects; the first of which was to harden her nipples and add to the devastatingly sexy 'clinging wet T-Shirt' vision Suzy was portraying. The second was to suddenly bring her out of her daze to notice that she now sat naked from the waist down, legs splayed and being openly gawked at by the entire staff of the department store. 

The utter humiliation was just too much, turning crimson from head to toe she ran from the store as the salesgirl cried after her "Happy Birthday, Please Come again." 

And that is almost the end. My first vision of Suzy since handing her the birthday card in the changing room was of her rushing across the car park in the soaking and virtually transparent Birthday Dress. How exaggerated the story of her time in the store was after I left her is I can't say, but it did take her almost half an hour to simply pay cash for her dress.. All I know for sure is that subsequent to her recounting the story on leaving the car park we had to very soon pull into a country lane - for obvious reasons!!!!
