My Sister gets me to Show Her
by Vanessa Evans

Author’s Note: 
This story is a continuation of my story ‘My Sister gets me to Show Her’ and I strongly suggest that you read that story first. If you don’t know how to find that story you should go to any of my Story Archives for which links can be found at the bottom of my home page which you can find by searching for ‘vanessa evans erotic stories’ in your browser.
V

Part 4

Recap

Hi, my name is Archie and my twin sister is called Alice. A while back I wrote about how Alice suddenly decided that she wanted to show her naked body to the whole world, and how she got me to help her to do just that. Well my original story was about what happened during the holiday just before our last year at school. We had both turned eighteen and our parents had decided that we were adults and that we could look after ourselves and even go to daddy’s cabin in the forest for a few days on our own.

The following school year wasn’t as much fun mainly for Alice because the sleeping pills and hypnotism tricks that we played on our friends had worn a bit thin and we were starting to believe that our mates were getting suspicious that it was all a con, which it was, and that Alice was just a devious exhibitionistic slut (which she is). The other bad thing about that year was our course work, there was just way too much of it for Alice and I to have much fun.

The good thing about that year for me was that Alice refused to wear any clothes at home when our parents weren’t around, and that we continued to fuck like rabbits for the whole year. 

Whenever we could borrow our mother’s car on an evening, and the weather was reasonable, we went dogging, Alice performing for the voyeurs then wanking them through the car windows. Occasionally, Alice would wind the passenger door window down and stick her butt well out. Then she’d ask me to take a box of condoms round to her side of the car and invite the men that came to look at her, to fuck her, if they wore a condom. Also occasionally we’d get out of the car and we would perform over the front of the car as well.

I often wondered what those men would think if they realised that we are brother and sister.

Another bit of fun that we had all year was that Alice would pretend to be a human rag doll and she’d get me to do all sort of things to her whilst she tried to keep a straight face and a totally limp body. We started this after we watched a couple of porno movies about Flexi-Dolls and Alice loved the idea. Alice kept saying that she imagined that I was a stranger abusing her body. Well the seconds part was right.

As time went on she got very good at it and I could stretch and bend her body into lots of positions that only gymnastic girls can get into. She also learnt how to orgasm silently and she’d sometime cum without me knowing that she had whilst I was manipulating her body or actually fucking her. Alice had done gymnastics in her younger years and this brought a lot of things back to her. She also kept telling me that one day she was going to get other men to do the same to her.

She also loved the idea of pretending to be a shop mannequin and being left in shop windows totally naked with lots of people walking by and staring at her and wondering if she was made of plastic or flesh and bones.

During the holidays before university we again went to daddy’s cabin and had a great couple of weeks there. Unfortunately there weren’t any groups of young men there for her to show-off to but we met quite a few people out walking and on the beach. Alice being naked on those outings and we never once got any derogatory comments.

Oh, one thing that I should tell you is that Alice used our father’s credit card to buy herself a laser hair removal device and is now completely bald from her neck down. We have had a couple of inspections since then and have only had to use the device to remove a couple of stragglers.  

*****
*****

This story starts later that year when we were nineteen and going off to university. After the initial moving and settling in the story becomes more of a list of events that happened over the next few months, often the only common denominator was Alice being naked in places where society says that girls aren’t supposed to be naked.
These events may not be listed in chronological order, just in the order that I thought of them whist writing.

*****
*****

We’d both decided to go to the same university on the same course and I’m pleased to tell you that our parents got someone to find two apartments in the same block, my father saying that I needed to be close to Alice to keep her on the straight and narrow, I didn’t know what he meant by that and I didn’t ask. The two apartments are the only ones on the top (fifth) floor of a block that has eight apartments on each of the floors below. We didn’t have the heart to tell our parents that just one apartment would do because we’d only be using one bed.

Yes, after just over a year of us fucking like rabbits all the time, our parents were still oblivious to our carnal activities. Okay they’d noticed that Alice’s wardrobe had changed but they’d not really said much about it especially after Alice had told mum that she was only wearing what all the other teenage girls were wearing and that she was eighteen and could decide what to wear all on her own.

I, of course, wasn’t complaining, Alice has an amazing and truly hot body and I see all of it just about every day.

When Alice heard about the apartments she was so happy and our lovemaking was much more lively as she thought about ways that we could revive our hypnotism games and other scenarios where she could get naked with other people looking at her. She even told me that outwardly she was going to be a respectable girl who would never let any boy get further than first base with her but with my help she would be an exhibitionistic slut.

Alice even decided that if she were caught dressed slutty by people that she knew she would deny all knowledge of being slutty and say that she was dressed perfectly respectably and that her brother would agree with her. It would then be up to me to privately explain that I had hypnotised her to believing that she was dressed perfectly respectably. 

I wasn’t sure how that would work and decided to play it by ear each time that it happened. I was happy that I had become quite proficient at lying about things to do with my sister. 

*****

The day of our move to our university accommodation finally arrived and daddy actually took a day off work to drive us there with our belongings filling the back of his 4 x 4 and he actually helped us carry cases and boxes to the lift up to our rooms.

When he finally left us Alice said,

“Well, I bet that he’s happy to see the back of us.”

“No sis, he’s not that bad, he’s just a busy man. If he didn’t care for us he wouldn’t have bought these two apartments for us. They’re going to be worth a fortune when me move out.”

“That’s if he bought them in our names Archie.”

“Good point, I’ll have to find the answer to that sometime.”


All our boxes were left on the landing between the two apartments and we went into each apartment and had a good look around and out of the windows. 

“I want this one Archie.” Alice said.

“Okay, but why?”

“Because all the people in that tower block over there will be able to look into this room and see me.”

“See you naked you mean Alice?”

“That’s a given Archie.” Alice replied as she started to strip naked.


It took us a while to move the boxes into the right rooms then get the beds made. We’d already decided to make both apartments look lived in even though I intended to spend ninety plus percent of my time in Alice’s apartment. Then it was food time. We decided to order in and we were pleased that the pizza place would deliver right to the apartment if they were buzzed in.

Of course Alice did what she had been doing frequently over the last year, answering the door in the nude. What’s more she was pleased to discover when she talked to the young male delivery guy that none of the delivery staff were university students from either of the two universities in the city.


We christened the bed as soon as we’d eaten then we decided to go and explore the rest of the building. Alice put the same miniskirt and top that she’d worn for the journey there then looked at the fire door that’s opposite the lift. I opened it and put a box in the way of it closing so that we didn’t get locked out.

We were please to see that there was quite a bit of flat roof space and I wondered how long it would be before Alice was nude sunbathing out there. Looking around we could see office blocks and what looked like blocks of basic student accommodation. I again thought of Alice nude sunbathing but with people watching her from the blocks that made ours look small.

“This could be fun.” Alice said, “we could have a party out here.”

I looked around and was pleased to see that there are high barriers all around the edges of the roof. If there hadn’t been I could imagine drunk students looking over the edge and loosing their balance. 

As we went down the stairs we went onto each floor and discovered that it looked like there were eight apartments on each floor. Judging by the space between the doors it looked they would all be quite small. I was suddenly grateful that our parents had money.


When we got to the ground floor we discovered a laundry room and a large communal lounge, with vending machines and a small kitchen area, that would be a great place for parties I thought and I imagined a ‘hypnotised’ Alice doing all sorts of things there to show her body to the other students.

Just as we were leaving that room we nearly bumped into another student, a young man called Luke. We had a quick conversation during which Luke suggested that we have a party for all residents so that we could get to know each other. When Alice said that that was a great idea Luke suggested the coming Saturday then said that he’d make some posters and stick them up all over the place.

Another newbie was arriving as we walked through the entrance area and we shared the lift with her, Amelia, and Alice told her about the party.


Back up on literally our floor, Alice got naked again then we continued getting ourselves organised. Later that evening Alice put on some clothes, well a dress, that made her look respectable and we went down the stairs to go out and have a look around.

On the way we met two more people who were staying there and Alice made sure that they knew about the party.

Alice and I soon discovered that we were living in a part of the city that was lively at night. Lots of pubs, clubs and restaurants. As we walked passed one on the clubs we realised that it was strip club which interested Alice a lot.

“Do you think that they have amateur nights Archie?” Alice asked.

“Probably, let’s find out.” I replied and took Alice’s hand and led her to the door where a huge bouncer was stood.

“Do you have amateur stripper nights?” I asked.

“Not for you but your bit of stuff could enter them.”

I looked at the man, smiled and replied,

“Yeah, it’s for her but I might be interested in putting on a sex show with her.”

“We’d need to see her perform before we’d think about that but that would be off the books, sex shows aren’t legal around here.”

“Well for a private party or something.” I replied.

“Let’s see her stripping first, bring her along on any Thursday evening, and make sure that she’s shaved, no one likes to see a hairy bush these days.”

Alice then surprised me, but not the bouncer by the look on his face when she pulled up the front of her dress, showed him her bald pubis and said,

“Like this you mean?”

“Yes luv, like that. Any Thursday.”

We left and continued walking. By the time we got back to our apartments we had a reasonable feeling for the place and Alice admitted that she’d made a mental note of the pubs that she thought that she could get naked in.


We met three more guys that lived in our block as we walked in and made sure that they knew about the party. As we went up in the lift Alice said,

“I wonder if it’s mainly guys that have rooms here, we’ve seen more guys than girls so far.”

“I hope that it’s roughly even numbers, I want some eye candy as well.”

“I guess that that’s fair, maybe you could chat up one of the girls and we could have a threesome. You’d like that wouldn’t you bro?”

“Yes, I think that I would but it goes against your prim and proper image, you don’t want people talking and maybe suspecting that you are not what the image depicts.”

“True, we’d have to find a girl from somewhere else.”  

“And before you ask, no I don’t want a threesome with another guy.”

“But you can get lots of guys to fuck the hypnotised me Archie.”

“That I don’t mind. I just don’t want another cock coming near me. Besides, our adventures are going to be all about you Alice.”

“Thank you bro.”

“You’re welcome you exhibitionistic nymphomaniac.” 

“What’s wrong with that?”

“Nothing, absolutely nothing Alice.”

*****

The next couple of days were spent mainly at the university registering for our courses and   seeing what other activities were on offer. Alice dressed respectably for these days in a knee length dress’ although she wore nothing under them.

The art course was looking for models but we again decided that it wouldn’t be appropriate for her goody two shoes image. That was until Alice wondered if the other university in the city also wanted models for their art classes. The next day we went over there and Alice left her name and number with the art course admin people.

*****

Then it was the Saturday, I went out and bought some booze and nibbles whilst Alice decided what to wear. We’d already agreed that if the hypnotism subject came up then I would not get Alice to do anything too outrageous, more of a teaser of what would be possible if the guys there were to get me to repeat the hypnotism some other time.

“And WE (meaning me) are going to drop hints to get them to get you to put me into my hypnotic state aren’t we Archie?” Alice said.

“Mainly when you say that you want me to Alice but at times I’ll just do it when you’re not expecting it.”

“That’s fine, I’ll be listening for those magic words all the time bro, just don’t use them at inappropriate times.” 

“If I do you can always pretend that you didn’t hear me.”


Around 9 p.m. Alice out a top and skirt, then surprised me by pulling on a bra and a G-string.

“What’s those for?” I asked.

“Just in case you want to test that your hypnotism still works on me. I thought that getting me to take my knickers off would be a good way to introduce the possibilities.”

“Good idea sis, I hadn’t thought that far ahead.”  


We went down to the communal lounge with our arms full of booze and snacks where we saw a couple of people that we’d already met and quite a few that we hadn’t. The next couple of hours were spent getting to know everyone with lots of the expected questions and the repeating of potted versions of each our lives so far, although both Alice and I always missed out the that fact that we were also lovers and all of her exhibitionist exploits. 

Alice and I quickly let it be known that we were twins and that he had the two top floor apartments but doing it in a way that he hoped no one would think that we were snobs or anything like that.


Around midnight Alice whispered to me that her damned G-string was annoying her. That was her intentional hint to start me thinking about dropping the hypnotism bomb.

“So,” I said quite loudly, “who has got a talent or skill that hasn’t come up in the conversations so far?”

“I used to do gymnastics,”Jessica said, “I made it to the schools district competition.”
 
“I was in my schools football team.” Logan said.

“I play the piano.” Violet announced, got to grade 7 before I left to come here.”

“I used to help out at Yoga sessions.” Elle replied.

“I do Karate,” Harper said, “I’m a Black Belt.”

“Woah there,” I said, “Alice, remind me not to argue with you Harper.”

“What about our not so identical twins?” Matt asked.

“Nothing really,” I said, “I dabbled with some hypnotism a couple of years ago. I got Alice doing some crazy things.”

“You did not Archie,” Alice quickly replied, “it never worked on me nor anyone else that you tried to hypnotise.”

“I did, and it DID work on you.”

“Oh no it didn’t.”

“Oh yes it did, in fact you still might be under my spell dear sister.”

“I can’t STILL be under any spell because I was never there in the first place DEAR brother.”

“Alice, Simple Simon Says Pineapple.” I said.

Alice just looked straight ahead.

“Alice, Simple Simon Says says give me your glass and put your right hand high in the air.”

Alice did.

“Wow, it’s been over a year since I hypnotised Alice and I am a bit surprised that it still works.”

“So Alice is in some sort of hypnotic trance now?” Violet asked.

“Yes, try talking to her, try telling her to do something, try slapping her butt.” I said, “she won’t respond unless I tell her to.”

“Wow, is this for real?” Ruby asked.

“Try it.” I replied.

“Alice, what day is it?” Imogen asked.

No response.

“Alice, are you hypnotised?” Jessica asked.

No response.

Logan walked over to Alice and gently slapped her butt and said,

“Most girls would have thumped me and told me to do one if I’d done that to them.”

“Alice won’t even remember you doing it unless I tell her to remember.”

“So how does it work?” Henry asked, “You just tell her to do something and she will, even if it’s something that she wouldn’t normally do?”

“Yeah, I replied, but she’s programmed to only respond to things that I tell her to do and only if I say those Simon words first, watch.”

“Alice, bring your arm down.”

Nothing happened and after about ten seconds I said,

“Alice, Simple Simon Says bring your arm down.”
 
Alice brought her arm down to her side.

“You try it Ruby.” I said as she was stood beside Alice.

She did, trying with and without the Simple Simon Says and Alice didn’t respond.

“So Archie, Logan said, “you can tell Alice to do, well anything and she’ll do it and when you bring her out of her trance she won’t remember doing it, is that right?”

“Yep, unless I tell her to remember doing it. I can also get her to believe something when she’s in her hypnotic state and tell her to keep believing it when I take her out of her hypnotic state.”

“What do you mean Archie?” Logan asked.

“Well for example I could tell her to put on an imaginary overcoat and even when she comes out of her hypnotic state she’d still think that she was wearing it until I tell her to take it off. That applies to taking all her clothes off as well.”

“So you could tell her to take off …” Logan said but I interrupted him and continued for him,

“Her top and tell her to think that she was still wearing it even though she was topless.”

“Wow, have you done that before?” Henry asked.

“Yes, but only when we were with her girl friends who had all seen each other in the communal showers.”

“I find that hard to believe.” Ruby stated.

“Do you want me to prove it Ruby?”

“Go on then.” A couple of the guys both said.

I looked round at everyone, most of the guys were obviously hoping that I’d tell Alice to take her top off, and even a couple of the girls looked like they were expecting me to but it wasn’t to be.

“Guys, if Alice ever found out that she’d been topless in front of all you lot she’d be mortified, she’d never be able to look any of you in the face again. And if she found out that I had actually hypnotised her and told her to take it off I’d she’d kill me.”

I saw a few disappointed faces and heard the odd groan before I continued,

“What I will do which will protect her modesty is to tell her to take her knickers off if you like?”

Unsurprisingly there was support for that so I said.

“Alice, take your knickers off and go round showing them to everyone. Then give them to me. When I say the magic word you return to normal you will think that you still have your knickers on.”

Nothing happened and after a few seconds I continued,

“Damn it, it has been so long since I did this that I forgot. Alice, Simple Simon Says take your knickers off and go round showing them to everyone. Then give them to me. When I say the magic word you return to normal you will think that you still have your knickers on.”

All eyes were glued to Alice’s hands as they went under her skirt, pulling it up until she was able to get her thumbs inside the strings of her G-string then down it went. As that point I guessed that Alice had forgotten to wear a tight fitting skirt so that it stayed up when her hands went down. As it was, no one saw her slit, only the G-string that she stepped out of.  She then held it in the shape that it would be when she was wearing it and she walked round the room letting everyone see it.

“Bloody hell, it looks wet.” Mason said.

When Alice got to me she gave me the G-string and I put it in one of my pockets. Then she just stood there.

“Alice.” I said, “Simple Simon Says that when I clap my hands three times and say the magic word you will not remember anything that has just happened, you will think that you are still wearing your knickers and you will continue talking to everyone as if nothing had happened.”

I clapped my hands three times and said the word ‘Rhubarb’.

Alice blinked and said to Ruby,

“Sorry, what did you just say Ruby?”


For the next thirty of so minutes the party continued with people talking in small groups and moving around as and when. Whenever I was with any of the guys they all wanted to know what things I had got Alice to do in the past. I certainly didn’t tell them everything, just that I’d got her to spend an evening at a party totally naked and that she believed that she was wearing underwear and a dress.

Three of the guys asked me to do that again but I told them that they’d have to wait and see. Logan’s brain was obviously working overtime because he said,

“Man, think of the possibilities, you could get her naked anywhere or fuck her brains out and you could stop her from remembering any of it.”

“Logan, Alice is my sister, my twin sister and I could never do anything like that to her. But if I did I would never want her to find out about it; but it’s never going to happen, as I said, she’s my sister.”

“Okay, but you have got her naked in public before Archie?”

“It was a private party, not exactly public.”

“Hmm, may have to stretch your limits a bit buddy.”

“Luke, I’m not going to do anything that would hurt her.”

“I wouldn’t expect you to buddy, just give us a bit of fun.”

“Maybe one day.”


Like most of the parties that were going on for freshers, the booze was flowing freely and people were getting ‘happy’. What’s more, some were determined to have more fun in the form of some games. They started as drinking games then progressed because someone went and got the game twister.

Three of the girls were wearing skirts but everyone joined in, girls vs. boys.

When the first girl, Elle, who was wearing a skirt played everyone got to see her pink thong but she was too far gone to care, even when she got a couple of comments from some of the guys. The second girl wearing a skirt, Imogen, surprised everyone because she wasn’t wearing any knickers and had a bald pussy, but again she was quite ‘happy’. Of course most of the people there saw her butt and pussy and when Matt said that she had a nice pussy she dropped to the floor, closed her legs and said,

“Oops, I forgot that I didn’t put any knickers on. He, he.”

Alice was the last girl to play and when I looked at her I knew that she was still quite sober. As she walked to the twister sheet our eyes met and she winked at me.

The inevitable happened and most of the guys were behind her as her bare butt and pussy came into view. 

Harper had seen as well and she said,

“Alice, everyone can see your pussy.”

“Don’t be silly,” Alice replied, “all you can see is my yellow knickers and you wouldn’t even be seeing those if I was sober. You won’t tell anyone will you?”

“But Alice.” Harper said.

“I know, I’m showing my knickers and I’d be really, really upset if I was sober but I’m not, I don’t care. Anyway, all the guys are drunk, they’ll have forgotten by morning.”

I doubted that very much but I wasn’t going to say anything.

That round of the game continued and Alice was that last one to fall, having had two feet on yellow and two on red, her butt hovering over the blue circles and her feet not on adjacent yellow circles.

Just about everyone got a great look at Alice’s bald pussy before she dropped her butt then got to her feet.

“Good job you had knickers on Alice” I said.

“Yes, at least everyone didn’t see my pussy unlike Imogen.”

“You didn’t show any more than you would have on the beach sis.”  

“That’s a good job, I would have been mortified.”


The party went on for about another thirty minutes more before people started to leave. Before most had left I went to Alice and said,

“Simple Simon Says put your knickers on Alice.”

I gave them to her and she put them on, pulling her skirt up with them then letting go of it when the G-string was straight.

Clap, clap, clap, “Rhubarb”.

“I’m feeling a bit tired, I’m off to my room. Seeya everyone.” Alice said and walked out. I looked round and saw that all the guys were smiling. Some of the girls still not believing what they had seen.


Alice was more hungry than recently to get my cock inside her as soon as we got to her room and there was the first signs of dawn when I finally got to sleep.

*****

After Alice dismounted me just before noon she started telling me about a few of the engineered exposures that she had planned. Some were just quick flashes and some not even flashes, just actions that would make unsuspecting men think about her pussy. Some were times where she would be naked in front of strangers for quite a while. After she had finished I changed the subject back to the previous night’s party.

“Logan was dropping hints that I should put you under and get you to strip naked in public and fuck your brains out but I think that it was more of a case of him wanting to fuck your brains out Alice.”

“Hmm, that guy could come in handy sometime, and he’s not that bad looking. Do you think that he’d like to treat me like a rag doll sometime?”

“I’m sure that he would but if you’re going to fuck him make sure that he wears a condom, that reminds me, we have to get another big box of those, you enjoyed yourself too much the last time that we went dogging and you had your butt stuck out of the car window.”

“Yes, that was good, one of the guys had a really big cock and he knew how to play with my clit while he was fucking me.”

“So you said at the time.”

“Hey bro, I still like your cock the best and you’re the best at using it.”

“Thanks sis but I’m well resigned to not having the biggest cock in the world.”

“And I’m well resigned to not having the biggest tits in the world.”

“I don’t like big tits, yours are just right for me.”

“That’s why I love you bro.”

“And I love you too sis, now do you want another load of my cum dumping inside you before we get up?”

“Yes please.”


Twenty minutes later we both climbed into Alice’s shower then got ready to go out. Alice wanted to walk round all our, and the other university’s notice boards to see if anyone was looking for girls to earn some extra cash doing something that could involve her getting naked.

Alice put on a thick top that didn’t reveal that she wasn’t wearing a bra and a skirt that came down nearly to her knees.

“Going for the demure look are we?” I asked.

“Hey, I’m a goody two shoes and I have a reputation to setup and maintain.”

I just laughed and out we went.


We walked the short distance to our university, Churchill University, where we wandered around and on one notice board near the art department we saw two leaflets that caught our attention, one was for the expected Life Drawing Models and the other one surprised us both ‘Nude Models wanted for Body Painting’. We also saw leaflets for various restaurants and other places all looking for cheap student labour.

“I’m happy that we don’t have to resort to any of those.” Alice said.

Then I had a brainwave,

“Maybe you could apply for a few of those and go for the interview wearing next to nothing and flash the interviewer.” I suggested.

Alice took photographs, using her phone, of all the potential adverts.

After we’d looked at all the notice boards that we could find we headed to the cafeteria, mainly to get a coffee, but also to think some more about the adverts that we’d seen. As we looked at the nude models ones I suddenly thought of a potential problem,

“Did any of the people at the party last night say that they were doing an art course?” I asked.

“Not that I heard.” Alice replied.

“Me neither, I’d hate for you to be posing in front of an art class with one of our building’s residents drawing your cute pussy, that really would scupper your image.”

“Too true bro, but I think that we’ll be okay. Besides, something else might happen that will get me out of the closet.”

“Would that be such a bad thing sis?”

“Not really, I just want everyone to have a goody two shoes image of me, well to start off with.”

“We’ll just have to see how it goes sis. You know that sitting like that, even with that skirt on, you are letting people see up your skirt probably to your pussy?”

“I hadn’t thought of it, I guess that I’ve got so used to sitting with my knees wide open like you do that I just forgot.”

“No image harm done. The only men that I’ve seen looking your way are way too old to be students.”

“They might be lecturers.”

“True but there must be hundreds of them here, the odds are on our side. Shall we head over to Clarkson uni, according to google it’s only half a mile away.”


About half way there Alice said,

“I don’t like wearing long skirts, I’m not getting that nice breeze across my pussy.”

“That skirt isn’t really long, I can see your knees, but tell you what, on the way back we’ll call in at one of the shopping centres and see if we can find something very thin with splits up the sides and front.”

“Right up to my waist?”

“Maybe,” I replied with a little chuckle, “we’ll see what we can find.”

“While we’re there I want to get myself a new android phone.”

“Why, what’s wrong with the one that you’ve got?”

“Nothing, I want a second one that I can setup as a burner phone and have loads of photos of my tits and pussy on it then when were in a crowded place I can send some of the photos to nearby phones using Google’s new Nearby Share.”

“Well that’s different to guys sending cock pics.”

“Yeah, and using a burner phone no one will know where they came from and that it’s my tits and pussy that they’re wanking over.” 

“Why wasn’t I born a girl, you have so much more fun than I do.”

“But it’s me that you fuck every morning, noon and night.”

“True, and you do have a killer body.”


At Clarkson uni we wandered around looking for notice boards but didn’t find too many, the ones that we did find Alice photographed for future perusal and decision making. Clarkson, we discovered, is split over a lot more buildings than Churchill and we soon tired of going from building to building. What we did find at Clarkson was a sports centre where we realised that we hadn’t even thought about a sports centre at Churchill, neither of us being that sporty but when Alice saw one at Clarkson she said,

“I wonder if Churchill has a sports centre, I can just see myself playing squash or badminton wear an ultra short skirt that’s floating around letting all the other players and spectators see my bare butt and pussy.”

“I didn’t realise that you wanted to get any sporty exercise whilst we were at uni Alice.”

“I didn’t, I thought that I was done with sports but now that I’ve seen this I can see the potential for some fun.”    

As we wandered around I did some research on my phone then told Alice that Churchill didn’t have a sports centre but their students could use the sports centre at Clarkson for free.

“Better still.” Alice replied, “we can come here and I can flash my bits and with the slight chance that people we know from out uni it will make it more exciting for me.”

“I need some new sports gear, I left my old kit back at home.”

“That’s okay, I’m going to need some new kit as well, things that I couldn’t get away with wearing in PE lessons.”

“Hey, we’re not doing lots of shopping today, I still haven’t fully recovered from last night, I need more sleep.”

“Me too, we don’t have to do everything at once, we are here for three years.”

“That’s if your little adventures don’t get us thrown out.”

“They won’t, who’s going to complain about seeing a girl like me naked.”

“No one in their right mind, that’s for sure.”


On the way back to our apartments we skipped going shopping, there was a week before classes starting so we’d have plenty of time to do it later. What we did do when we got back was to go to bed again to get some more sleep, and a couple of hours later I woke to the amazing feeling of Alice riding my hard cock.

After that we thought that it might be a good idea to go down and check the communal lounge to make sure that it was tidy after the party. I put on Jeans and a T-shirt whilst Alice put on just a very short, low-cut summer dress that she didn’t fasten the bottom three buttons.

“A bit risky for your image isn’t it Alice?”

“If anyone sees us you hypnotised me when you came to my apartment to collect me to come here then told me to go and change into this dress.”   


As luck would have it, Logan and Imogen were down there doing the same thing. When Logan saw what Alice was wearing he whispered to me,

“I thought that your sister was a prude, she sure doesn’t look that right now.”

“When I went to tell her that we were coming down here to tidy-up she didn’t want to come so I put her in her hypnotic state then told her that we were coming here.”

“She was wearing that in her apartment?”

“Hell no, a much longer skirt and a thick top. Probably underwear as well. I told her to change into that dress.”

“So is she wearing any underwear?”

“I don’t know. ALICE. Have you got a minute please?”

Alice came over to me and Logan and I said,

“Alice, Simple Simon Says undo all the buttons on your dress and let us see whether or not you are wearing underwear.”

Alice unfastened all the buttons and then held both halves of the dress wide open.

“Fucking hell man, that’s one hell of a talent you’ve got there mate, can you get her to take the dress off please? You don’t mind if Alice is naked do you Imogen?”

Imogen was like Logan and me, staring at Alice as I said,

“Alice, Simple Simon Says take the dress off and continue tidying-up.”

Alice was facing the three of us when she got naked then put her dress over the back of a chair before getting on with the job in hand. The next thing that she did was to bend at the waist to pick up an empty beer bottle and put it in a rubbish bag.

“And she won’t remember a thing about this?” Imogen asked.

“Not unless I tell her to.” I replied.

“Wow,” Imogen replied as we watched Alice turn her back to us and bend over to get another bottle. 
 
“Don’t you think that you shouldn’t be getting Alice to do that?” Imogen asked.

“Well Imogen, the Alice that the public see is a different Alice to when she was at home in her bedroom. Outward she is the prim and proper prude but when she’s on her own ground she is different, a sort of schizophrenic.”

“She’s naked in her bedroom?” Logan asked.

“Nothing special about that.” Imogen replied, “I often don’t bother with clothes in the privacy of my room, no one can see me.”

“Can I come and visit you Imogen?” Logan asked.

“She often was, and we shared a bathroom that was between our rooms so the inevitable often happened and she didn’t seem at all bothered by me seeing her naked, but there again, I’m her twin brother and she’s said that I don’t count.”

“I wish that I had a twin sister like that.” Logan said. “So have you used this hypnotism thing to get her naked before?”

“Yes, a few times.”

“Don’t you try hypnotising me,” Imogen said, “when I get naked I want to know what I’m doing and who is looking at me.”

“Relax Imogen, I’d never do that, I have enough trouble remembering what state Alice is in so two girls would be too much for me.”

“Have you fucked her when she’s hypnotised Archie?”

“No Logan, that wouldn’t be right, she’s my sister.”

“Have you let anyone else fuck her whilst she’s hypnotised?”

“I’ll take the fifth on that Logan.”

“So you think that she’s a sort of closet slut then?” Imogen asked.

“Yeah I do, we’re both doing a clinical psychology course so I’m hoping to learn more about these things. Now, I think that we should help Alice, it’s not fair that she does all the cleaning.”

“You’re right.” Imogen replied and went and started helping Alice.

Both Logan and I stayed put, Logan watching Alice bend over again and again, and me watching Imogen. After about a minute I whispered to Logan.

“Imogen isn’t wearing any knickers either, like last night.”

“Yes, I noticed that too, do you think that she puts out?”

“No idea mate, maybe she just doesn’t like wearing knickers, Alice once told me that she hated them.”

“Her slut persona coming out.” Logan said,

“Yeah, I think so, they say that people can change, maybe Alice will change to be a full time slut.”

“Here’s hoping,” Logan said, “hey, maybe you could keep her hypnotised all the time and get her dressing like a slut all the time?”

“Hmm, that’s not a bad idea, look at her, she has got a hot body even if I say so.”

“She certainly has.”


“Hey you two,” Alice said, “are you going to just stand there staring at us or are you going to help us? It’s not like there’s anything worth staring at.”

Logan and I looked at each other, smiled and went and helped.


When the job was completed we all sat on the sofas, the girls sitting on one and Logan and I sitting on another that was facing the girls. I quickly saw that Alice sat with her knees apart a bit, her pussy visible, and Imogen didn’t cross her legs, I could see her bald pubis. I looked at Logan and saw that he had noticed as well.

“So, Imogen, Logan, got anything planned until classes start?” I asked.

“No, I’ve done all my registering and so nothing to do for a week except have some fun. I might go to a club that someone mentioned.”

“How about having another party here?” Logan asked, “we could invite any new friends that we’ve met.”

“Good idea.” Alice said, may as well start as we intend to go on.”


We agreed on the Wednesday evening and Logan and Imogen volunteered to make sure that everyone else in the building knew about it. 

“Alice,” I said, “Simple Simon Says put your clothes back on.”

“When she was ‘decent’ again I brought her out of her trance with,

Clap, clap, clap, “Rhubarb”.

“Come on Alice,” Imogen said, “we’re going to make some posters for the party.”

“We’re having another party?” Alice asked.

 “Yes on Wednesday.”

“Oh, great idea, why didn’t I think of that.”

The two girls went off to make a couple of posters leaving Logan and me finishing my drinks.

“So are you going to get Alice naked again?”

“Do you want me to?”

“Hell yeah, she’s got a great body. Will you let me fuck her when she’s ‘under’?”

“Do you want me to?”

“I do, you must really hate your sister getting her to do things like that.”

“Not at all, I love my sister it’s just that she works so hard and she needs to let herself go at times, enjoy things that her prudish side wouldn’t approve of.”

“That sort of makes sense. I’d sure like to get my hands on her body.”

“Like a rag doll or just to fuck her?”

“A rag doll, what to you mean Archie?”

“With her naked and you moving her body to any position that you want.”

“Like with her legs spread wide open or back over her head?”

“Yeah, something like that, I guess that you’re limited by your imagination.”

“That sounds like fun, everyone could have a go at moving parts of her, even the girls, they could use her as a dummy for a human biology lesson.”


“That would be funny, and I could take photographs but not show them to her, she’d have a mare if she saw them whilst she was ‘normal’.

“You’ve go to show me how to hypnotise a girl Archie.”

“A hypnotists is only as good as the susceptibility of the victim Logan.”

“Well I guess that Alice is very susceptible then.”

“Yes, I guess she is.”

“Right, Wednesday, an evening of naked Alice then,” Logan said, “I hope that the others don’t mind.”

“They don’t have to stay and watch.”

“True. Hey, would you mind if us guys took photographs of her when she’s naked?”

“Go for it mate, but just make sure that Alice never sees them.” 

“I’m sure that the guys will be very discreet Archie.”

*****
