Stripped by a towel
by Mercie


Nicole was desperate. Her recent abscess not only cost her $900 for a root canal, she missed three days of work as well and her rent was already late. A friend gave her a lead for an onstage role for an act, but unfortunately it was for her ex-boyfriend's act. Finally, she relented and got the interview. Dan was happy to see her, saying he'd be glad to help. The contract was for a four night show and it would give her $150 per night, more than what she needed. "What do I have to do?" she asked.
"Just stand there and let me use a whip to knock a cigarette out of your mouth. And help on some other whip tricks as well."
"But I don't smoke."
"Who cares? We won't light it anyway. I'm very good and there's no danger to it. We do have to blindfold you and restrain you so you don't flinch, otherwise it could get dangerous."
"OK, you're sure it's safe?"
"Of course. And you have to wear the stage outfit. Insurance reasons, you know. They don't want you to claim you were improperly restrained because of your clothing and got injured." He handed her a package. "Wear ONLY what's in there" he cautioned. "And once you sign, you must do all four shows, we've got a contract to honor."
"OK, OK. You just better not hurt me." She signed the contract and took the package with her. The first show would be Thursday, so she went home and tried on the outfit. There was a dress, a strapless mid thigh dress that buttoned all the way up front with five large chrome buttons. A strapless front hook bra and side tied bikini panties completed the outfit. A note said that shoes would not be allowed due to the restraint system.
Finally the first show came. Dan was an accomplished magician and the first part of his show got a nice response from the packed auditorium. She was told to go backstage and change for the next act before the magic was done. After she dressed, she saw a large iron ring mounted on a wheeled base. At four points on the ring were shackles. Dan called her onstage and she got a nice polite round of applause. She stepped up on the base and Dan shackled her ankles to the ring so that her legs were about three feet apart. He then took her wrists and shackled them to the ring so that she made a "Y" with her upper body. Then he put an unlit cigarette in her mouth and blindfolded her. He turned the ring around slowly so that all could see she was securely restrained, then he turned her so her side was to the audience. He stepped back and the drum rolled, all of a sudden she heard the crack of a whip and felt the cigarette snapped from her mouth. After taking bows, Dan said "You know, it's not that hard with a whip. It's a bit more challenging to use a towel". 
Nicole wondered what was up with that as she felt a cigarette get pushed in her mouth. He must be rolling a towel up to snap it like we did in locker room fights, she thought. All of a sudden she felt the cigarette snatched from her mouth as well as the tip of the towel snapping on her lip. She almost cried in pain but fought the urge. At least it was over.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we blindfold the girls so they don't flinch. But I think we need to let her see this next part of the show. I know I don't want to miss it."

Stripped by a towel- Part 2

He pulled the blindfold off her and turned the base so she faced the audience. She looked in horror as he wound the towel on itself, looked directly at her and then..... SNAP! The towel cleanly knocked her dress' top button! The crowd roared its approval. She looked down and could see the top of her bra peeking out but then he took aim again and SNAP! The bottom dress button was flying across the stage. Down to three buttons, she could only look on as he wound up again and SNAP! The second button from the bottom flew off the dress. By now the applause was at a fever pitch, he wound up again and SNAP! The second button from the top flew free. Her bra could now clearly be seen as her dress was held together by a single button. Would he stop there? Dan asked the crowd if they wanted more. YESSS!!!!!! was the reply. He wound up again, drew the towel back and SNAP! The last remaining button was no more to be seen. The strapless dress, now fully opened, fell uselessly to the stage. A standing ovation had just died down when again he pulled the towel back.....

SNAP! The towel landed between her breasts and incredibly, opened that front hook strapless bra. She watched helplessly as it fell to the stage. She could feel eyes burning on her bared breasts. Before she could ask herself "what next?", he took aim again and SNAP! Her left side panty tie exploded into confetti. Now barely hanging on to her hip, the panties last remaining tie was quickly shredded by the next SNAP! of the towel. They fell to the stage to a standing ovation. Dan wheeled her up and down the stage, turning the ring so that all sides of her naked body could be seen. "Thank you very much! I'll now autograph your programs onstage here for $10 each, guys come on up and get a good look at our brave model here! Let's give it up for Nicole and I remind you all that you can see me and ALL of Nicole right back here tomorrow night!"
Nicole seethed as the stage was filled with guys gawking at her helpless nudity and after what seemed like forever, the stage lights were dimmed and Dan wheeled her backstage as the curtain fell. He undid her shackles and said "You were great! Your outfit for tomorrow is just like this. It's with your street clothes. She stormed off to the dressing room. She dreaded the next night. Or did she?
