Motel Show
by Showife (showife@hotmail.com)

Just a couple of months ago we had traveled to Florida 
to visit some relatives and decided to make the drive 
home in just two days. After a long day of driving we 
stopped at a motel late in the evening for a room. 
Unfortunately the only non-smoking room they had left 
was right next to the parking lot security light. 

The light was quite obnoxious and with the curtains open 
it shined into the room almost as bright as daylight. 
But, since we were too tired to go elsewhere we signed 
the registration and settled in. With the curtain closed 
it wasn't too bad, and soon we had both fallen asleep. 

I don't know how much later it was, but after hearing 
some cars in the parking lot and getting up to go to the 
bathroom, I walked over to the window and opened the 
drapes a little bit. The security light was bright 
enough to spread a fan of light across the bed where Sam 
was still fast asleep. 

Needless to say, if you know me at all, you know that I 
didn't need any more encouragement that that to take the 
opportunity for a bit of wife-exhibitionism. 

I quickly pulled the drapes closed and then moved over 
to the bed and slowly took the covers off of Sam.

She was sleeping on her back and as usual she was 
completely naked. Her fine looking legs were slightly 
spread and her hand was across her stomach. Watching her 
the whole time, I went back to the drapes and opened 
them just enough so that her body was completely lit up 
by the light, but it wasn't shining in her face. I then 
pulled up a chair near the side of the window to wait 
and see if someone would come by and see my gorgeous 
Samantha laying there nude.

I didn't have to wait long, I found out later there was 
some kind of festivity going on at the local college, 
before I heard footsteps walking past the window. I was 
disappointed when they simply went on by without 
stopping. 

A few minutes later I heard a group of guys walking past 
and just as I had hoped they were looking into the rooms 
to see if they might catch a peek of something. When 
they got to our room they all stopped and looked in. It 
was evident that they couldn't see me, but they could 
clearly see my wife's naked body on the bed.

I couldn't hear everything that they were saying because 
they were whispering, but it was evident that they were 
from the college. One of the them was obviously quite 
attracted to her because I could hear him make positive 
comments such as "look at that sweet bush" "What great 
nipples, and those sweet little breasts" "I'd really 
like to fuck her" and many other little statements of 
appreciation.

At least one of the others kids said that she was old 
enough to be the guy's mother and another remarked that 
it would be like "fucking your mother to do her." 

Still another kid said that he'd "fuck her" but he 
wasn't really into older women. The others began to move 
away, but the two guys that liked Sam's body told the 
others in a quiet voice that they'd stay awhile longer.

Since it was only the two guys left that had talked 
about fucking her the conversation stayed on that 
subject. In a quiet voice that carried through the 
glass, one of them wondered "why the curtains were open" 
and that perhaps she was some kind of "whore or 
prostitute or something." They decided that she didn't 
look slutty enough and since they could see her wedding 
ring he suggested that perhaps she didn't know the 
curtains were open. 

By now I could tell that both of them were admiring 
Sam's body and once again her first admirer said how 
much he'd like to get into the room and fuck her. He 
said that he'd always wanted an older women and that 
he'd often dreamed about doing his friends mothers and 
even his girlfriend's mom. This was the closest he's 
ever gotten to seeing a real older woman nude and he 
wanted to enjoy it for as long as he could.

After some more talk, which I couldn't quite hear, one 
of them left with the words "don't get caught." So just 
one of them was left to look at her through the window. 

It was apparent that this was the guy that was really 
thrilled to see Sam's nakedness and he began to talk out 
loud as he fantasized about her. It was at that time 
that I realized that he was outside the window jacking 
off as he looked at a naked Sam peacefully sleeping on 
the bed.

Just as I realized that I was hearing him starting to 
cum I reached up and pulled the cord to close the 
drapes. I heard a gasp and footsteps leaving the scene.

I have often wondered what that kid thought had 
happened. I never did tell Sam about that little event.

END