Jackie's Rules
by Dreming_Alice_

Jackie's Rules Pt. 01

College Girl gets some new rules to live by.

The first day of Lectures had numbed Jackie. She was bored out of her mind, other students got off and on the bus as she stared off into the middle distance. She was disheartened to hear her Tennis wouldn't start for another Semester. She'd have to run to stay fit and finding the motivation for that was always difficult. Maybe she'd have to come up with some rules for herself.

She liked rules...

An open binder with an empty page marked Jackie's progress on a list of rules. It lay next to her mouse at her computer desk as she sat scrolling through the web. She'd sunk hours into browsing anything and everything on life hacks to motivational plans to make sure she was going to be at the top of her game when tennis coaching started. She unfortunately hadn't found anything that resonated. Everything just seemed to assume you could get up early, push yourself and succeed without any problems.

Her tired eyes were still glued to the screen at 1 am, her dark brown, shoulder length hair starting to grease sightly from her long day. She reasoned she wouldn't shower as it was late enough. She pulled herself away from the screen and set an alarm for 05:30. She was going for a run. She had to start somewhere...

On the 3rd day of term, as She pushed herself on the final stretch home, Jackie felt good. She was motivating herself. She was admittedly not jumping out of bed straight after her alarm, but she was coping. She did however, have a sinking feeling that this was going to be a very long Semester. She was going to have to stick at it somehow.

Jackie elected to use the elevator, made it to her floor, walked to her room at the end of the corridor and turned her key... "Hey!"

Jackie jumped out of her skin and turned to see a girl she didn't recognise standing in the doorway of the neighboring room.

The girl's grin was emphatic. She looked so amused at startling Jackie, that she might burst out laughing. Jackie plumped for an almost mouse like "hi" in return.

"So, you're the one who keeps waking me up at five thirty in the morning."

The girl still seemed amused with the situation, so Jackie to a second to compose herself, standing straight, she still felt short next to the girl, who must have been 5' 9" or even 5' 10". Jackie's 5' 5" had never felt so small, the girl had a presence to back up her height, so when Jackie replied, it still sounded meak.

"Yeah, sorry about that."

The almost tender grin the girl returned was heartening to Jackie.

"I'm Alice. "

Jackie just grinned in return... Then remembering herself:

"Jackie."

"Well Jackie, would you mind turning your alarm off when it goes off tomorrow morning please?"

Then it clicked. Jackie was lying in bed for 20 minutes each morning with the alarm blaring, struggling for motivation; and the poor girl next door was suffering through it!

She blushed.

"I am so sorry. It won't happen again. Can I make it up to you somehow?"

She'd said it before she realised. But she liked this girl. Her confidence was inspiring and Jackie had, despite herself, enjoyed their short exchange.

"Sure, you can buy me breakfast."

Jackie started to walk into her room, but realised Alice was waiting expectantly. She was about to ask if she minded waiting for her to shower, but stopped herself, she could shower later and as she stepped inside, just grabbed her purse, span and walked straight out again.

The pair sat in an almost empty cafe. Alice looking composed and Jackie feeling the complete opposite.

She felt like her tied back hair was glistening with a day's wear and the sweat of her run, her sweatpants and running top didn't match Alice's jeans and blouse. The situation was making Jackie uncomfortable, but she couldn't say anything, Alice was so engaging.

She had already told Alice about her Tennis, her running and the fight she was having with self-motivation with it and even without thinking: about the empty binder with the page of rules she was planning to write...

"Tell me more!"

Alice seemed even more engaged than before. She was leaning forward conspiratorially, which egged Jackie on. She told Alice how she had always enjoyed rules, no matter how small. It kept her motivated in School, at tennis and at home. But with moving to college she had lost a lot of her rules. Rules from teachers were gone, from coaches and from her parents. She felt a little lost.

"You know. I could help with some rules."

"Let's head back to your room and have a look at that binder."

Jackie had stood up before Alice had finished the sentence, she loved it! She wanted this. Needed it.

"Rule 1 - wake up and get ourt of bed at 05:30" Alice dictated.

"I've tried that!" Jackie protested.

"Not as a rule you haven't, and not with me to answer to."

Her heart skipped a beat. That simple sentence made it all click for Jackie, everything was going to be so much easier. With a set of rules she had accountability and purpose. She had to keep Alice close.

"Of course, I can do that for you."

Alice's smile was different this time, it had a new quality. But Jackie couldn't place it and she was too excited.

"Rule 2 - Run every weekday morning."

"Rule 3 - Go to the gym with Alice every Saturday."

"If you're getting this fitness regime going, I can't have you making me look bad, you can help me train on Saturdays."

Alice winked.

Jackie melted.

The conversation continued.

Later that week, Jackie was heading out for her run at exactly 05:30 and Alice was waiting, she wasn't dressed for a run, just a tshirt and panties, presumably her sleepwear.

"New rule. Come to Alice to get dressed after your morning shower."

Jackie blushed. Nodded and walked away timidly, Alice watched, amused and relieved her boldness had paid off.

She had been sat behind Jackie on the bus, on their first day of School and spotted a color scheme she was familiar with on Jackie's phone. It was a kink website. She couldn't believe someone was brazenly scrolling through the site in public!

On closer inspection, the girl wasn't even looking at her phone, just scrolling and staring into space. Intrigued Alice had managed to lean in close to see her username for future use.

On reading her profile at home, Alice knew she wanted her. She hadn't posted, but had prepared a signature with a list of likes that drew Alice in immediately.

"Likes: clothing control/dares, semi/hidden public, complex dares, water sports, flith, cumplay, Masturbation, loss of control."

Control - There was nothing Alice liked more.

This cute little girl was too much.

Alice found out a friend from her hometown was in the room next to Jackie and bargained some canteen credit for a room swap.

All she had needed to do was wait for the right moment.

Dressed in sweatpants and a tshirt after her shower, Jackie knocked on Alice's door. She was nervous, she could feel her heart thumping. So the relaxed sounding "Hi" she came out with when Alice appeared felt totally out of place.

Alice was fully dressed now and immediately stepped out her room, leading Jackie back into her own room and asking to see her wardrobe.

Jackie paused as Alice hopped on her bed. Sitting expectantly.

"So show me what I'm working with."

Jackie began rifling through the wardrobe but Alice shook her head.

"No Jackie, I want to see you."

"Naked."

"Now."

Jackie thought about protesting, but even as she did her hands were in the waistband of her sweatpants, revealing her shaven mound, one agonising second after a other, she slowly exposed herself...

Alice sat, drinking in the naked girl in front of her. She was athletic, well toned, her thick brown hair stopped at her shoulders, framing her slender neck. Her prominent collar bones and small breasts were made more pronounced by the light from above being shadowed on her pale skin.

The same true of her muscled stomach leading to her perfectly simetrical pussy lips. Short but toned legs flowed from petite feet to an ass that almost seemed too big for her.

When she bent as Alice instructed, her pussy was perfectly framed between her plump cheeks and her powerful thighs.

With Jackie bent over like that, Alice couldn't resist. She spanked her, probably harder than she should have...

Jackie welped, but stayed where she was. She's been nervous, but the way Alice looked at her inspired her. She felt Sexy, she felt confident, she felt submissive.

Alice's hand lingered on her ass but then withdrew, and Jackie missed it. She could feel her body flushing red after that, she stayed where she was to hide her embarrassment, not realising this was inviting another blow.

Alice's hand connected with her other cheek and she chuckled.

"Let's get you dressed perky."

Jackie stood up, keeping her legs together, ashamed at her body's reaction. She watched intently as Alice perused her wardrobe with no sense of haste...

Jackie sat in class, she didn't feel out of place in her outfit, but having it picked for her gave it more significance. She'd been handed a thong, tshirt, hoody, leggings and a pair of sneakers. Not dissimilar to what she would wear, though she preferred sweatpants.

Alice had told her she shouldn't be hiding such beautiful legs. If Jackie needed any convincing, that would have been enough. Alice's approval was like a drug, she needed it.

The lack of bra didn't bother her, she didn't need it for support and they could be uncomfortable. She was relaxed and keeping up with the lecture, she felt good. She felt purpose. Alice's rules were working, she wanted more. She opened a message to Alice.

"Please give me more rules. Big or small, I love them so far."

Her phone was silent for a moment, but then exploded with activity. Message after message from Alice arrived. She had to mute her phone and excuse herself from class.

Jackie sat quickly on a wall outside the building and began to read.

"Play tennis twice a week."

"No using Elevators."

"No shoes in your apartment."

"Always walk to class, don't use the bus."

"Don't lock your dorm room when you are in, so I can come in."

"When dressing yourself, seek my approval (selfie or in person)."

"No using anti-perspirant deodorant."

Alice stopped herself. The last rule was a gamble and she didn't want to push Jackie too far, or let loose that she had seen her profile. She was hoping that the "filth" mentioned in her likes was like something she'd come acrosss before. A friend had confided in Alice that it was a turn on to feel dirty or sweaty, especially around others that were clean and composed...

Jackie was disappointed when the messages didn't continue. But she reasoned there would be more to come.

She would see Alice later hopefully...

After class, Jackie walked back to her apartment, it felt amazing to be following her rules. Every single one gave her a sense of fulfilment, no matter how small. So taking her shoes off before entering her apartment had her smiling.

A smile that amplified when Alice followed her in before she could close the door.

"Do you have homework?"

"Yes"

"Do it now, I will be consolidating your wardrobe."

Jackie's heart skipped a beat. This girl was not only great at setting rules, but seemed to be in tune with her kinks, should she mention it?

She reasoned she would after her homework...

Alice didn't want to go overboard on her first pass, so she got some granny panties, some full cup bras and all but one pair of jeans and piled them into a bag, took it to her room and returned empty handed... She returned and settled on Jackie's bed, watching with amusement as Jackie tried to stay focused on her assignments.

As Jackie neared the end of the quiz she was working on, her stomach began to knot. She wanted to discuss her kinky side with Alice, but what of she had misread the situation. What if she was left looking like a total perv. It could ruin her whole time at college. She thought about it and decided that high risk meant a high reward and as she finished typing, she opened her favorite kink site and politely asked Alice over.

Alice's grin was genuine, she hadn't expected this. As Jackie looked at her sheepishly. She just nodded and touched her shoulder. Fumbling for her phone one handed, she kept a reassuring hand on her new plaything and tapped out her username, sending a friend request over that she had planned for weeks time. This was all going so smoothly, this perfect little bundle of submissiveness was handing herself to Alice, with no pushback. Could she up her game, or would that be pushing it? Perhaps she needed an insurance policy to be sure...

An hour later, Jackie was on her knees on top of her desk. Legs spread in a slave pose. Her ass was plugged, Alice had been shocked when her largest plug just slid straight in, Jackie had been mortified at her reaction, which only served to turn her on further. She was keeping herself raised slightly, as if she didn't she found herself settling into a pool of her own grool. Alice had asked her all manner of humiliating questions about her kinks and about her darkest fantasies. She had admitted to a blackmail fantasy, something she had never said aloud, nevermind told anyone.

This was all fantastic news for Alice. Especially as her phone was propped up on the bed, recording everything…


Jackie's Rules Pt. 02

Jackie gets more rules and slips into submission.

Jackie's evening had been a blur. When Alice finally helped her down on numb legs, she was exhausted. Alice put her straight in bed and made sure her alarm was set. Tomorrow was Saturday, and she had plans for their Gym session...

The next day, Jackie was sat on the mats at the gym, listening to the sound file Alice had given her, trying to concentrate on her sit ups. A difficult task with a woman in her ear telling her how exposing herself in public made her horny, that she was an exhibitionist slut and would crave attention from everyone she meets.

She wasn't sure if the 'hypnosis' files worked, but they were driving her up the wall. Her pussy was leaking again, and she was worried the tight gym shorts Alice had given her would show how wet she was. What was even more worrying was the old t shirt she was wearing. It was thin, making it revealing without a bra as it was; but now she had been sweating, it was clinging to her. Her pert breasts may as well have been pressed up to the window she was working out in front of. That was how exposed she felt.

Jackie's core was on fire. She couldn't remember how many crunches she had done, but it felt light thousands. Just as the audio file finished and Jackie's daze began to lift, her phone buzzed.

Alice: "I am giving you a choice... 200 more crunches or 50. If you chose 50, I will collect your shorts from you before you begin."

Panic rose through Jackie, she knew she didn't have 200 more in her, but 50 would take a few minutes if she could do them at all. Meaning her pussy would be on display in the front window of the college gym. It was 7am, so the street was basically empty, but the lights were on in the gym, practically illuminating her in the dawn light.

She begged Alice for another option, begged with her eyes at least. She had been instructed not to talk to Alice, or reply. She was being observed from a distance.

The second message read: "30, but you can't close your legs and I won't return your shorts."

Jackie just nodded in defeat. She took off her shorts, placed them to one side and waited. After Alice walked by and gracefully picked up the damp garment she began.

One. Two. Three... Jackie's mind wandered, she hoped no one would walk by, she day dreamed about someone walking by and stopping to watch, pointing out to a friend that she was not only bottomless, but you could see the entity of her breasts through the soaking t shirt and her large nipples were trying to escape the fabric, not only that but as they admired her dripping hole, they realised her ass was plugged. Only she knew she had been plugged since yesterday afternoon though. She'd been dragged out of bed by Alice, given her outfit to put on and marched to the gym. Now she only had half of the outfit left and wasn't sure when she would be fully dressed again...

Her phone vibrated...

Alice: "You realise you've done 100?"

Jackie sat in shock. She had totally zoned out, half naked in the gym. Luckily no one seemed to be around, so she reasoned she was safe. Even still she snapped her legs shut and began to stand as the next message arrived.

"No need to shower. You're jogging home."

As Jackie became aware Alice was nowhere to be seen, some car headlights turned on out the front. As she peered through the full height window at the car park, she realised it was the car they arrived in, Alice's car!!

Alice was leaving her half naked at the Gym. She drove past blowing a kiss, Jackie's chance at dignity resting on her dash, smelling of sex.

The panic came and went and Jackie steeled herself. She got herself into this and would have to get out. She checked the length of the t shirt and realised now she was stood still it covered what it needed to, when she ran it would lift, revealing her open wet lips at the front and her plug from behind. Her largest plug was not an attractive number, it was a wide based silicone plug, which was a baby blue that had faded with age. "The plug of a true anal slut" Alice had said. Thinking of that now Jackie was utterly humiliated.

Stepping out of the doors, the panic rose again and Jackie ran, tears forming in her eyes as she thought of her ruination.

She ran, blocking out the outside world, her mind was fogged with fear and anger. She didn't remember the run home, but before she knew it she was banging on Alice's door. Tears streaming down her face she screamed at Alice, an unintelligible scream of raw emotion. She had trusted her and felt totally betrayed. She banged her fists on the taller Girl's chest and was quickly drawn into her arms.

"I trusted you!" she sobbed.

"You still can." Alice replied in a soft voice.

"I thought you were ready... I thought you would be excited after the initial shock... I'm sorry. But you need my guidance to keep you on track and motivated, today was just a bit of fun for us both. If you don't want that level of risk, that's OK."

Jackie's tears had stopped, but she still had her face buried in Alice's chest.

"But tell me, did you see anyone at all on your way back?"

Jackie shook her head, almost imperceptibly.

"You see, I wouldn't put you at any real risk. It's Saturday morning at the beginning of the Semester. Everyone has a hangover."

Jackie thought for a moment. "I guess you're right... Doesn't mean they couldn't have been someone, or that I wasn't scared shitless!" she retorted, feeling some of the anger returning.

Alice took a risk. Stepping back, she moved her arms from around Jackie's back, whilst maintaining eye contact she lowered her left arm and felt for Jackie's bare mound. Except it wasn't a mound, her lips were wide apart and her fingers slid easily down a valley of Jackie's excitement. Pulling her hand to Jackie's lips and teasing her with her own wetness, she could see the other Girl's fight leave her, being replaced instantly with a hunger and lust that Alice desperately wanted to harness.

As Jackie stared at her own wetness, tendrils of which connected Alice's fingers, she whimpered. She hadn't realised how her body had reacted to this morning's events. At least not to this extent. She felt for herself this time, her finger instinctively finding her engorged clit and gently caressing it, exploring the surrounding areas she found more wetness, and she lost herself. Her fingers slid backwards and forwards before entering the warm embrace of her still tight pussy, as she clawed desperately at the G spot she usually needed toys to reach. Her leg muscles tightened and her face contorted with pleasure, her open mouth finding Alice's outstretched fingers and gently fucking at them. Her other hand found It's way back to her eagerly awaiting clitoris. Both hands engaged in pleasuring herself in another Girl's room, her mouth occupied by sucking hungrily on fingers covered in her own grool Jackie totally forgot herself end allowed the impending orgasm to fill her every thought.

CRACK!

Jackie's face exploded with pain as Alice slapped her hard.

"You think you can have it both ways!?"

Jackie was disoriented and as she came back onto flat feet from her position on her tiptoes, her body relaxing somewhat she realise Alice had pulled her back to reality milliseconds before she climaxed. Her whole being felt disappointed and anxious to resume the sworded act. She forced herself to focus.

"W... W.. What?"

"You think you can submit and follow my rules when it suits you. You think you can use me to get off and just waltz back to your room and forget what I have done for you?"

Jackie blinked.

"It's not like that."

"Well it looks like it Jackie!"

"I need you to make a choice..."

Alice stood arms folded and somewhat intimidating.

All Jackie could think about was her fading orgasm. Trying to string a sentence together she looked at the floor.

"You're right. I need your rules. I can't function without them. But this morning felt like too much."

Alice thought for a moment.

"OK. I will reign it in a little for the time being, but I need some guarantees from you."

Jackie's heart lifted, a compromise would be good.

"What like?"

Alice began to list off her conditions. Jackie would trust her to decide what was best if she always put her safety and reputation first. Alice would control her entire schedule, her clothing and to some extent her personal time, she would be rewarded for good behaviour and it was inferred she's be punished for the opposite. At the end of the discussion Alice asked "So, will you submit to me?"

The phrasing surprised Jackie, but then she realised that was what she was doing...

"Yes" she nodded.

"Good, then from now on when we first meet or when I give you an order you will call me Ma'am."

"If you can't manage to differentiate when you should call me Alice, you will always default to Ma'am."

"If you fail to do so. I will instantly reprimand you. No matter where we are, understood?"

"Yes Ma'am."

Saying it solidified what Jackie was already feeling she felt submissive and somewhat fulfilled, but mostly achingly horny.

"Now give me your t shirt." Alice said as she turned to pick up her phone.

Jackie was naked before Alice turned back around, and she collected the t shirt from her outstretched hand, replacing it with her own phone.

"Fill in your School schedule in my calendar."

Grabbing a permanent marker, Alice took the opportunity to mark her new toy. Rather than under the foot like her memory from toy story, she chose to put her letter 'A' on one of Jackie's pert ass cheeks. The girl barely flinched, so Alice added some flourish: A large love heart surrounding the letter and an arrow crossing through the whole piece. By the time it was finished it looked like a multi colored graffiti piece, just on the milky flesh of Jackie's ass.

"Stand there and let it dry before you go see it."

Jackie stood with Alice's phone in her hand, her task complete. Unsure of herself now. What did Alice want next?

"I'm finished M.. Ma'am"

Alice smiled, pleased with herself. She'd brought Jackie from wanting to run away to full submission in 20 minutes.

"You may go and shower, but be careful not to wash off my artwork on your ass."

Jackie played it extra safe, washing thoroughly from the sink, her hair would take a while, but she didn't want to upset Alice by rubbing her marking off accidentally. Even though it was a permanent marker, she wanted to be careful.

She was unaware of the other girl in the next room, who was bagging up any panties that would cover her ass cheeks. Leaving her draw near empty, only her few thongs and g strings remained. She wouldn't need panties every day Alice decided She returned to her own room stashing the panties with the previously confiscated clothes.


Jackie's Rules Pt. 03

Jackie's adventure continues.

During the next weeks, both girls really settled into their new roles. Jackie was up early, beating her alarm most mornings. Happy to get her run completed and be greeted by Alice when she returned. Alice had continued to thin out Jackie's extensive wardrobe, but was still dressing her quite conservatively. She had her completing assignments for School as soon as she got home, followed by watching some assigned porn as her own homework task. Jackie even had a uniform that Alice had picked. Knee high socks, a thong and a neck tie. She wore it whenever she was in either apartment, getting between them was still scary, her exposed breasts made her incredibly wary as she crossed the short distance through the hall every time. Especially as Alice usually made her wait after knocking.

Jackie sat in class, proud of her success so far this Semester. She was performing well in Classes and felt fitter than ever. Even walking to class was helping with that. Alice had been a huge help and their arrangement seemed to have gone from strength to strength. Though she realised the other girl was taking over more and more, she didn't have reservations.

Alice had picked out an outfit for her that she wouldn't have picked herself. She was turning heads and enjoying it. A push up bra forced her breasts into view in a cleavage framed by more open buttons on her blouse than she had originally been comfortable with. Her skirt was knee-length but tight, showing off the shape of her ass and thighs and making her walk slowly on the tall heels she'd been given. The g-string Alice had handed her was one she'd bought for fun. She'd never worn it outside the house. Nevertheless, she felt good.

It was a psychology class, one she wasn't really interested in, so she was day dreaming. Although she was brought back to reality by a message from Alice.

"Come to the library after class. Fridays are going to be library study."

Another rule, Jackie smiled.

Her's was a late class on Friday, meaning she finished after 6. When she arrived at the library it seemed like only Alice was there. She led her to the second floor.

"I picked this floor because it is quiet. Most people go to the top floor or stay on the First floor near the cafe."

"I thought you'd appreciate some privacy, as your Friday study will have some special rules."

Alice gestured to a table in the middle of the stacks. It didn't feel particularly private to Jackie. She put her bag down on it and listened to Alice's commands.

"Firstly, your panties will remain round your ankles as you study, you will hold them in place with spread legs. Slide them down before you sit down and you may pull them up when you're finished."

"Secondly, you'll be wearing your princess plug. Again, insert it before you begin. In the future, you may wear it in advance."

"Finally, after you're done, remove your bra and carry it out of the library in plain sight."

"Yes Ma'am."

None of this scared Jackie too much as the library still felt deserted, she wasn't sure what it would be like towards the end of the Semester though.

She made her way to a seat and immediately she found issue with her outfit. She couldn't pull her panties down with the skirt on. It was too tight. Resigned to her fate, she unzipped the skirt and pulled it to her ankles, before putting her thumbs in the waistband on the g-string, making it follow suit. Standing up she looked at Alice.

"Where's the plug Ma'am?"

Alice smirked, placing the plug and lube on the table opposite Jackie. Jackie sighed, the table was huge and to get to the opposing side she'd have to walk around it... bottomless.

Alice watched in amusement as Jackie stepped out of her clothes, walked gracefully over to the items in her heels, her ass swaying as she did. Was that deliberate? She then proceeded to bend over, her ass facing Alice as she lubed her awaiting hole and slid the plug in easily. Soon she was back at her seat, positioning the panties and pulling up the skirt. She sat down carefully and opened her math textbook, trying to focus on studying. Alice left her to it: Unbeknownst to Jackie, she was sat on the stairs keeping an eye out for unexpected visitors. She didn't want the girl in trouble, but knew the perceived risk would drive her wild.

Jackie felt totally lewd, the panties round her ankles were almost worse than any nudity. And she realised anyone come up the main stairs would be eye level with them before they even saw her face over the table in the center of the large space. Her mind wandered away from the textbook as she wondered what she would do if that ever happened. Today at least, it seemed unlikely. A text message broke her reflection.

"You're finished for today. We'll done"

With no extra input from Alice, Jackie followed her standing orders. She unhooked her bra, maneuvering it out through her shirt sleeve, before standing and on a whim, stepping out of her panties. Packing her study equipment away quickly, she grabbed both garments in one hand, letting them dangle as she strode for the stairs.

The skirt and heels still prevented any quick progress. Jackie made it down the stairs and out the door in a few minutes. Greeted by Alice's smug grin. She held out her hand and Jackie passed over her underwear, Alice's amusement piqued as she noticed the thong.

"You didn't want to get bottomless again I see..."

"No... I guess I thought this was easier Ma'am." replied Jackie.

"You know, I may punish you for not following instructions fully in the future Jackie."

Jackie just nodded, and they walked back to their apartment block, making small talk along the way. They were both laughing as they neared the front door. Alice quickly blurted out a rule she'd been thinking up on the way home.

"If you're not wearing any underwear, you have to take off your shoes at the apartment building door."

"I guess that's easy enough" Jackie shrugged, slipping off her heels and continuing onward.

Even completing small rules like this gave her a sense of fulfillment so walking in the cold floor of the hall was a small price. She took her time walking up the stairs with Alice, waiting for her instructions as they neared their rooms.

"I like that outfit, but it needs some modification for next Friday."

Alice held out her hand. "Hand it over"

Jackie paused, a little taken a'back. Then, with a furtive glance down the hall they were still occupying, she first removed the skirt, then unbuttoned and slid off her blouse. Standing utterly naked. Utterly exposed. Utterly aroused.

It seemed like an age whilst Alice folded the clothes, before looking at Jackie again.

"You may go in your apartment now. Early start for the gym tomorrow."

"Yes Ma'am, thank you."

Jackie was almost disappointed with being dismissed. Her heart was pounding and her whole body was alive with anticipation. The lack of anything further deflated her and left her craving it. She wanted to be tormented further? God she needed some release. She hadn't had time to masturbate in over a week. Maybe now she would take some time, maybe being sent away was perfect. She opened her door and headed straight for her bed, throwing her naked form in amongst the bedding and as her face buried into the sheet, her fingers buried deep into her eager pussy. With the heel if her hand she put pressure on her clit and within minutes her whole body tensed. Writhing with pleasure, she groaned with the most intense orgasm she'd ever had; and after some intense breathing curled into the sheets, drifting into a slumber that was only broken the next morning...

Alice banged on Jackie's door early, she wanted to catch her off guard. As the other girl answered the door bleary-eyed, Alice pulled her naked into the hall. Closing the door behind them. She handed Jackie some of the clothes she's confiscated, a long, tight tank top and a pair of plain black panties; as well as a pair of her trainers.

Jackie slipped them on and looked expectantly at Alice. The realization she wasn't getting anything else slowly forming in her still tired mind.

"It's still early morning and you've worked out in less before"

Alice started walking down the hall, leaving Jackie to jog to catch up.

Alice was content to walk to the car in silence, but Jackie chatted nervously the whole way down the stairs asking about Alice's plans, chatting about School, anything to make this situation feel more normal.

"Jackie, It's early morning. You might be attracting more attention to yourself by talking so much"

Her reply was almost a whisper "Oh God..."

Alice mused "I could always gag your with those panties if you like."

The both chuckled, but the image stayed with Jackie. Bottomless in public again. This time with her own, embarrassingly already damp, underwear. She was much quieter in the car, introspection taking over.

They reached the gym and were the only car in the car park. Alice strolled in through the automated turn style with her plaything in tow. No plan for the session, other than mildly tormenting her.

Alice produced a remote vibrator from her bag and handed it to the other girl. Jackie looked at it, recognition bringing a wave of excitement and apprehension.

"I'll put it in the toilet Ma'am."

"No, you'll put it in here. Take off your panties, put it in and then I'll let you dress."

"But I'm not wet yet."

"Well you'd best make yourself wet once you have your panties off"

"Oh god..."

Jackie threw per panties down, stumbling out of them over her trainers, wetting her fingers with her mouth and sliding them tentatively between her folds.

"Not wet" wasn't exactly true. She was definitely slick already and her fingers found a ryrhm dancing around her clit. She knew better by now not to get drawn in by it and keep an eye on Alice with her panties in hand. She did however forget her purpose for a moment and was about to start using her second had when she felt the toy and remembered her task. It slid in easily and her pussy felt full from the quite large egg now populating it. Looking at Alice expectantly, she held out her hand for the garment that would give her some semblance of coverage.

Alice answered by first turning on the egg on low and then slowly handing over the panties. Already flustered, Jackie fumbled the panties back over her trainers and up back over the toy, feeling relieved to be wearing anything over her pussy, despite the limited coverage the underwear provided.

During the next hour the 2 girls worked outside by side. Now and then there would be a change in the vibrations and Jackie would turn to look at Alice who wasn't acknowledging any of it. She talked to Jackie throughout about school and her friends, her parents and tennis. She was fishing for information, but the other girl didn't need to know that.

By the end of the workout Jackie was a horny mess and Alice wasn't even acknowledging it. She felt like a dirty whore compared with the composed girl she was with. This further fueled her submissive, horny mood further. As they walked towards the exit, Jackie felt like she was in the ultimate sub space. The dull vibrations continuing to pull her deeper.

They headed to leave via the front door and as they stepped through the lobby, Alice spotted a girl from class working behind the desk, steering Jackie over to talk. Alice briefly introduced Jackie and made small talk with her friend, increasing the vibrations, making Jackie unable to take part. It was all she could do to keep a straight face and stand still.

What happened next however made Jackie crash back to reality. Using the excuse of tying her shoe lace, Alice was crouched down and lowering Jackie panties, tapping her feet to signal her to step out of them. To her surprise she complied and was bottomless in the gym, once again.

She smiled at the new girl, terrified of what was to happen next. Tugging her top down over her ass and pussy as good as possible. Barely covering her wetness.

Alice stood up holding the panties, dropping them in the garbage can. She said goodbye to her classmate and grabbed Jackie's hand to walk out, leaving Jackie with only one hand free to hold her tank top down. She held it over her ass as good as possible, so the new girl didn't see her naked ass, still with Alice's mark on it. However this had the unintended consequence of raising it in the front, baring her dripping cunt to anyone who might walk into the gym. She prayed as they walked towards the doors and out to the car. No one was in the car lot, but plenty of cars drive past. What if they saw!?

It wasn't until they were in the quiet of Alice's car that Jackie realised the vibrations had stopped. The relative silence and stillness in the car, allowed Jackie some introspection. She realised how desperately she wanted to cum. Seemingly sensing this, Alice produced a dildo and a bottle of lube.

Jackie was embarrassed "I won't need the lube Ma'am"

"Oh but you will, the egg stays in, you're fucking your ass with this while I drive. If you cum before we get home, you can have the orgasm. If not, I will not allow you to cum today."

Bright red with embarrassment, Jackie began to lube the dildo, easing it into her ass.

" Seat belt.... " Alice chided Jackie laughing to herself.

"Sorry Ma'am."

Now, buckled in, Jackie began fucking herself, slowly at first. Then faster and deeper as she open her ass to allow the dildo in. She began to fill with dread as she saw landmarks that were close to their dorm." Please can I use the egg?"

"I'll trade you the remote for your top was the reply."

And then she was naked, she hadn't even thought about it. Just pulled off the top and retrieved the remote from her tormentor. She started the vibrations, keeping the dildo moving in and out of her ass hole. The combination sending her closer and closer to the moment of ecstasy she was seeking.

They were pulling into the basement parking when Jackie tipped over the edge, groaning in animalistic pleasure, writhing in the seat next to Alice, wearing only a pair of trainers.

Alice took the time while Jackie recovered to park and get out of the car holding her t shirt. Finding the nearest garbage can, she threw it away too. Returning to the other girl wearing a huge grin.

"Have fun?"

"God yes Ma'am, can I get dressed now?"

"Nope, your top is gone, you best hope no one is up and about yet."

Jackie winced. Not only was she a naked sweaty mess, but her thighs were slick with her own juices and her ass was gaping from the rigorous fucking she had just given it. Anyone who saw her would see her as a total whore.

Alice again grabbed her hand, slightly to reassure her, but mostly to control the speed she moved at, forcing her to walk the whole way. Reminding Jackie to remove her shoes before entering the apartment block Alice drew out their time on every flight of the staircase, then along the hall to their rooms, finally allowing the other girl to return to her bed, where she slept for the rest of the morning. Returning her strength.
