Shirts and Skins
by Jastes22

Lia is challenged to a goalkeeping challenge with high stake.

"No!" I lunged for the soccer ball. It curved, just out of my reach, and passed the goal line.

Coach blew his whistle. "Alright, pink shirts win!" Some of the girls wearing pink scrimmage jerseys cheered, while the orange shirt girls hung their heads in defeat.

"Let's clear out. The football team needs this field in about an hour."

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Coach approach me. I sighed, already knowing what he was about to say. "You got to pull it together, Lia. Our team is only as good as the weakest link, and you're our goalkeeper, our last defense. We need to know we can depend on you."

"Yes, Coach. I'll do better," I said.

"You better. Tournament games start next week. We need to bring our A-game."

I stopped myself from rolling my eyes. Could he get more cliché?

He left, and I started to walk over to my water bottle on the edge of the field. It was one of those high school stadiums with multiple purposes. The high school could use it as a football field, soccer field, or track. I sat down on one of the benches, pulled off the jersey, and started to untie my cleats.

"Coach chew you out, huh?" Kaylie asked, stepping up beside me. She was still wearing one of the pink shirts.

"Yeah. I really am trying my hardest, you know?"

My best friend nodded. "Yeah, I know. You just need practice," she said. Kaylie looked to the side, out of my vision. "Oh, hey, Todd!"

"Hey, guys!"

"Were you here to watch your girlfriend? Where did she go?"

"Yeah. Sarah had to get to a family thing right after practice and couldn't stick around, but I thought I'd just sit up in the stands for a little."

I kept my head down because I could feel myself blushing. Todd was on the boys' soccer team. Everyone on both teams went to all the games, and I found myself more than once mesmerized by Todd on the field. I never said anything to Sarah or made a move on Todd, but it was still a little dragon always lurking in my stomach.

"That's very sweet of you," Kaylie said. "Lia and I were just talking about how she should practice her goalkeeping skills more."

"It's not my skills that are the problem," I said. I just get nervous when the pressure is on. In practice I don't feel that pressure and I do fine, but during the real thing I choke up. I need to practice when real consequences at stake."

"I think I know of a way we could do that," Kaylie said.

"Oh, yeah? What's your idea?"

"Penalty kicks," Kaylie said. Except every time you get scored on, you lose a piece of clothing."

My jaw dropped. Okay, she came up with that idea way too fast. "Yeah, that's not going to happen." I tried to laugh it off like Kaylie was making a joke. I mean...she had to be joking...right?

Kaylie ignored me and looked at him. "Whatdya say, Todd? You in?"

I couldn't help myself. I glanced over at Todd who stood there, frozen and trying very hard not to look at me.

"Um..." It was his turn to blush. "Well...umm..."

My friend grinned, knowing that she had him trapped. "Great! We'll each kick two penalty kicks, and for each one Lia misses, then that's how many pieces she'll have to get rid of."

"Wait, I didn't-"

"If she blocks all four, then we'll stop."

"Kaylie!" I shouted. "I'm not doing that!"

My friend shrugged. "If that's what you want. Coach is always telling us to leave it out on the field."

"He didn't mean that literally!"

"But you don't want to let the team down, do you?"

I rolled my eyes, trying hard not to show that her words stung. She was right. I didn't want to let the team down. And I would love to prove Coach wrong. "Fine. Let's just get this over with."

"Great! Todd, can you grab us the balls?"

Soon, we were set. Me at the goalpost, and Kalie and Todd at the penalty line with their two balls.

Kaylie started with a hard, curved ball to the top right that was nearly impossible to block. As it struck the net, I felt my heart drop a little. Crap. This was happening. Even if I blocked every other goal, I would still lose something and have to go through another round.

With my mind preoccupied with thinking about what article of clothing I'd have to remove, I didn't see Todd's kick until it was too late, and it deposited itself next to Kaylie's in the net.

As Kaylie prepared her next shot, I realized my mistake. Kaylie was one of the best strikers in the whole region. Without defenders to impair her, her kicks would fast, sharp, and almost impossible to prevent. Her third shot went similarly to her first, sharp, high, and to the corner.

I knocked Todd's second kick and caught the ball, though it hardly felt like a victory. I had missed three out of four. Pretty awful.

"Hmm...What should we take off of her first?" Kaylie asked Todd,

"Waitwaitwait!" I yelled. "You can't be serious."

"C'mon, Lia. If you argue more, we'll have to take them off ourselves. We'll start slow. Take off your right shoe, sock, and shin guard."

I blushed. I hated people seeing my bare feet--I almost always wore shoes, even indoors. Even worse, I hated the feeling of my bare feet outside. I felt like bugs were crawling all over me, and it felt so exposed to anyone who might be watching. I knew that Kaylie was taking it "slow", and my shoes were probably the easiest things to lose, but the thought of taking even a single shoe off still filled me with dread.

Slowly, I lifted up my left leg and reached down to peel off my sock and threw it aside, followed quickly by the shin guard. I put the shoe down, untied it, and stepped out, shuddering a little as I put it down on the manicured grass of the field. Even though the stadium was enclosed with bleachers, it still felt so open and exposed. It felt like anyone could stumble on me and see me.

"Alright. Good! Onto Round 2!"

"Round 2" went even worse. My mind almost entirely focused on my foot, exacerbated by the feeling of having one foot covered and one not, I missed every single one. With each goal, Kaylie's grin grew wider and wider.

"Alright, Kaylie. You know what time it is."

I glared at her. "Shut it." Why was I letting her do this? And in front of Todd, too, who I had a secret, forbidden crush on?

Kaylie opened her mouth in mock horror. "Such attitude, Lia! I think we'll have to take off your clothes ourselves this time! Come on, Todd!"

I shrieked, trying to run away, but with my bare right foot and the lopsidedness in my gait, I was quickly pinned down by Kaylie who proceeded to peel off everything on my left foot. My stomach on the ground, she had my leg pulled up, making a 90-degree angle with my leg. I groaned as my bare foot came into view, exposed to the world. With a giggle, Kaylie grabbed my shin to keep my foot from moving, and then scraped the edge of her thumbnail across my heel very, very slowly. I screamed bloody murder, but all the thrashing in the world wasn't going to be enough to get Kaylie off of me.

"Let's see...we still need to take off one more piece. What do you think, Todd?"

I couldn't see his face. "Umm...I always thought she had a cute butt."

I felt myself blush hearing him saying that. Warmth creeped into my crotch as Kaylie grabbed the fabric of my shorts and practically ripped them off.

"Alright, Lia. Time to try again. Hopefully, you do a little better this time, or...you know..."

Crap, I thought. Kaylie really would keep going until either I blocked all four kicks, or until I was completely naked.

I stumbled to my feet, my legs starting to feel weak. Kaylie guided me to the goalpost while Todd hung back, admiring my very exposed tush and long legs. I tried to scuffle my feet somewhat to hide the soles of my feet.

"Give us a good view of your butt!" Lia said once I had gotten to the goalpost. "Turn around!"

"That wasn't the deal," I said.

"I'll give up one of my kicks if you do."

Crap, that was a tempting offer. Her kicks were wickedly difficult. Getting rid of one of them would really help.

With a slight tremble in my hands, I turned around, showing off my butt. "Touch your toes!" Kaylie shouted. Face still red with embarrassment, I complied, stretching my panties even more. I heard Todd whistle, and I felt just the slightest hint of wetness in my panties.

Todd kicked first. He was a good soccer player, but he was better defender than striker. I blocked his first shot. I braced myself for Kaylie's single shot. It came at me like her others--curved and fast. I blocked with my hands, and the ball went shooting up in the sky. I stepped forward and caught it!

Yes! This nightmare was almost over! I only had to block one more shot.

Todd took a deep breath, very aware that whether this experience continued or ended depended on him.

He kicked the ball, an easy block right towards me, and I reached out to catch the ball. At the very last second, the realization that I was half-naked with nothing covering my legs or feet hit me, and I lost focus. The ball hit my hands at a weird angle and flew out of my hands towards the goal. No! I sprawled across the ground, desperately trying to rein it in. Instead, I saw it roll past the goal line.

Oh, no.

"Great job, Todd!"

I couldn't believe it. That should have been an easy block! How had this happen?

Fingers grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it over my head. I felt Kaylie's hands graze my back and I shuddered, thought out of pleasure or fear, I wasn't sure.

"I'm a little disappointed in you, Lia. It's almost like you're not trying," Kaylie said, pulling me back to my feet.

"I am...trying," I said. My voice was weak. Was I really trying? Or was I enjoying this?

The next round was a haze. Both of Kaylie's kicks went in. Two goals, and only two pieces of clothing left. I was about to be very naked in front of her and Todd. Kaylie started to walk towards me.

"Wait...please."

Kaylie grinned. "Aww...She's cute when she begs. Tell you what. I'll let you keep your panties if you let Todd fondle your breast for a whole minute."

Both of us gawked at her. "Well? It's either that or you go completely in the nude, baby."

I really, really didn't want to be naked. "Okay." Holy crap! What had I just done?

Kaylie reached behind me and unhooked my bra. "Get on the ground."

I did as instructed. Todd stood over me, and I could very clearly see the tentpole in his pants. He knelt down, pinning my arms with his arms and straddling me on the ground. With one hand, he grabbed the center of my bra and pulled it off.

I closed my eyes, unable to look at him as his fingers hooked themselves onto my breasts. I moaned and groaned, flailing my legs to no avail. He squeezed them softly at first, but he dug in more as the minute went on.

When he stopped and pulled himself off of me, sweat was covering my skin and breasts, dripping down my chest and cleavage. I stood up, wrapping my arms around my chest. When I opened up my eyes, Todd was looking at me with a look of awe and admiration. Despite my nudity, I blushed. I stood up. "Okay, I'm done, Kaylie. No more."

"Oh, come on!" She said. "Don't give up that easy! You still got one more piece left!"

"Yeah, that's just it, Kaylie! I only have one more."

"One more round."

"Kaylie..."

"I know you like it."

I blushed, not trusting myself to retort. What Todd had just done to me had really turned me on, and my pussy was dripping wet.

I took my spot one more time, and I knew it would be my last. I tried desperately not to think about how my breasts were completely exposed.

Todd made the first kick. He was just as distracted as I was, but his ball still flew true. I had to stretch my legs to block it, and I whimpered as I felt my stomach stretched and become even more exposed.

Kaylie laughed. "Look at how her breasts jiggle! They're so cute!"

My face had to be permanently red at this point. Todd's next shot wasn't much better, but I was trying too hard to cover my breasts that I couldn't stop it, and it rolled in.

I dropped my hands. "I guess that's it."

"What?" Kaylie asked. "No, no, we're not done yet."

"But I only have one piece of clothing left."

"Let's just play the rest of this out. I like seeing your boobies jiggle."

I couldn't really stop her, and all my motivation to block the kicks and expose any more of myself was gone. Two more kicks. Two more goals.

"Alright," I said, bringing my hands down. "Get this over with."

"Not so fast, lil' Lia," Kaylie said. "I think we should get something extra. Three goals, but you only have one piece left. Hmm...what do you think, Todd?"

Todd, who had been pretty shy about the whole thing, had become much more emboldened with his little assault on my breasts. "Well, she's got two arms. We could tie her up to the goal posts."

"What? No!" I shouted, but I didn't move. Kaylie already proved that she could outrun me. "That wasn't part of the deal!"

Kaylie shrugged. "You got to pay for your laxness in doing your part, Lia. It's what Coach would want" She grabbed my arms and pulled me to the goal post. Todd came over with my two socks and tied my wrists to the top bar.

The socks were just too short to quite wrap around the bar, making me stand on my tiptoes and exposing my soles to everyone. I tried my best not to squeal, but my breath definitely became more ragged.

Kaylie hooked her fingers into the sides of my panties, and pulled them down. They caught on me knees for a moment, and then fell off of me completely.

Tied up and naked, I was completely exposed.

"You know...I think we should have some fun with her while she's up here like this."

I groaned. Couldn't they just let this end?

"Is she ticklish?"

"No!" Freaking crap. Why did I just say that?

Kaylie grinned, and let her fingers glide down my ribcage. I screeched, shaking and thrashing. Having some slack in my bonds gave me some room to maneuver, but not much.

"Shut her up! Somebody will hear!"

Cloth was shoved into my mouth and tied around my head. My panties, I realized. They tasted sweet, with the musky scent of pre-cum from all of their treatment before this moment. I screamed and moaned and groaned into my gag, the smell maddening. Tears fell down my face freely.

Todd started to stroke my back, and my body went into overdrive. My secret crush was touching me! Naked! In the middle of a field!

Todd's hands wrapped around me, gliding up my body and grabbing my breasts with both hands. He was much rougher this time around, squeezing and pulling and pinching. His fingernails dragged across my skin and I shuddered from the tickling sensation that arose. His erection banged into the back of my legs.

Kaylie, meanwhile, had turned to my bottom half. She would grab my feet and stroke the soles, causing me to scream and thrash even more than Todd's treatment. After a few more times, she stood up, looked me in the eye, and then plunged her fingers into my pussy.

I screamed, the sound barely muffled by my gag. My hair tie came undone and was flopping everywhere. Tears came freely.

I couldn't think, I couldn't breathe. All my mental energy was fixated on the explosion happening between my hips. Thick, sweet cum burst out of my pussy like a fountain, splashing and soaking into the insides of my leg and into the grass.

Kaylie pulled out her fingers.

"Time to go?" She asked, wiping her hand on my discarded shirt.

"Yep." They started to walk away.

"Hmmmf!" I tried to yell. Let me down! I was so exposed. Anyone who came onto the field would see me.

Kaylie just grinned. "I know, Lia. You want down. But you're having so much fun, and we wouldn't want to monopolize you to just ourselves. Don't worry--the football team should be out soon."
