Jennifer's Secret
by applevalyan ©
I grew up in a fair size town in southern Georgia until I moved and went 
to college. My father was and still is a Baptist preacher. He would 
probably die of a heart attack if he knew half the things I did while I 
grew up and am still doing. I listened and behaved as a young kid but I 
became more stubborn and independent when I became a teenager. I wanted to 
wear clothes like the rest of the kids in town but when I started getting 
breast and a figure, my father became way over protective. He refused to 
let me wear shorts anymore and would not allow me to wear skirts or 
dresses above my knees. 

One warm summer Sunday morning he made me change to a longer skirt. He 
made me so mad that when I yanked my skirt down I tore my underwear a 
little. I was putting on another skirt when I noticed the tear so after 
putting on the skirt I removed my underwear. I threw them across the room 
at the hamper. I thought to myself that I ought to not wear any underwear 
just to spite my father. I had never gone without knickers before but I was 
so mad I decided to do it. All during church services I kept thinking 
about my lack of underwear and I found that it was kind of wild and wicked 
and I liked it. I was still afraid that he would some how find out, so the 
first thing I did was put on a clean pair when we returned home. 

The very next Sunday he again made me change. As I changed I remember 
going pantyless the previous Sunday and decided to again to go without. 
That day I remained pantyless until I went to bed. For the next couple of 
years, this became a regular habit with me. I rarely wore any underwear to 
church anymore. And since one of my chores around the house was the 
laundry, I could get away with not having any dirty knickers to wash. I 
didn’t wear knickers anymore, except when I really needed to. My father 
still watched me closely so I still had to wear a bra out of the house. 
But many a days around the house, I wore just t-shirt and sweat pants. 

I had a close friend, Helen, which lived about a half-mile from my house. 
I had told her how mean I thought my father was acting and how I wish I 
could wear some shorter dresses like everyone else wore. She told me that 
since we were the same size, I could wear some of her clothes if I wanted. 
I could wear some of her short skirts and dresses until I could buy some 
of my own. She also said I could leave the clothes I bought at her house 
as long as she could wear them if she wanted. We made a deal! We would 
spend almost every Saturday together; I would go to her house and change 
into whatever I wanted to wear. Whether it was a short skirt or dress, or 
short-shorts and a t-shirt or tank top. I even started to go braless a 
lot. I loved it when the boys noticed my hard nipples. And the more the 
boy’s noticed, the harder they seemed to get. And they seemed to stay hard 
almost all the time. At first I wore underwear under my shorter skirt or 
dresses, but after a few weeks. I started to go without knickers. For 
months I would remove them and put them in my purse when Helen wasn’t 
looking. It was very exciting. My nipples remained hard almost all the 
time from the thrill of knowing that if I wasn’t careful, somebody might 
see my bare bottom.

The first time I knew that someone had actually seen up my skirt it was 
because I tripped on a shirt someone had left on the floor at ‘Wal-mart’. 
As I picked myself off the floor, I noticed my skirt was up almost to my 
waist. I looked up and there was a man about 30 looking at my bare bottom. 
As I stood up, I took a deep breath and smoothed down my skirt. I looked 
at the man again and he asked if I was all right, I said I was and thanked 
him for his concern. I smiled at him as I walked past him. My heart was 
beating fast and I had stomach had butterflies in it from knowing that a 
complete stranger had just seen my pussy. I reached under my skirt and my 
pussy was dripping wet. I headed straight for the restrooms where I 
masturbated to climax for the first time out of my bedroom. Helen didn’t 
see me fall but she seen me rushing for the restroom. She asked if I was 
all right and I told her I had to pee real bad. I ended up buying a real 
thin short white tank top that day. I knew I wanted to wear it next 
Saturday. I figured my nipples could be seen without much of a problem 
when I wore it.

I got home I time for supper after changing into my jeans at Helens’. As I 
walked home I thought back on the guy looking at my pussy and then I 
noticed how my jeans were rubbing my pantyless pussy in a different way 
than normal. I started to walk slower and squeezing my legs together while 
walking. I actually had an orgasm as I walked down the road. That night I 
had a problem getting to sleep. My mind kept going back to my flashing, my 
masturbating and my exciting walk home. Then I noticed my hand was on my 
pussy, I just kept slowing rubbing myself until I came. Then I slept like 
a baby.

Next Saturday Helen couldn’t believe I was going to wear that thin white 
tank top and a pair of tight short-shorts I had bought a couple weeks 
earlier. She said that she could make out my nipples through the top and 
that the shorts were so tight it looked like I didn’t have any underwear 
on. I looked straight into her eyes and said, “I don’t.” Her mouth dropped 
open and asked me if I was kidding, I said no. She said she still didn’t 
believe me so I unzipped the shorts and showed her. Since she was also 
wearing shorts and a loose t-shirt, I dared her to remove her 
undergarments and to try it. After a few minutes of daring her and calling 
her a chicken, she gave in and took off her bra and knickers. She admitted 
to going braless a few times but never pantyless. By early afternoon, she 
said that it wasn’t bad at all and that she would probably do it again. 
She doesn’t know it yet but in a couple of weeks, she will be wearing a 
dress without any thing underneath. 

That afternoon we had made plans to our schools baseball game. I was 
looking forward to showing off in my new top. Little did I know that 
halfway though the game a rainstorm hit and I got drenched. Helen remarked 
that my top was completely see-thru. At first I placed my arms over my 
breast to hide them. There were about fifty of us under a big tent waiting 
for it to slack off. There were only 6 to 7 girls there. I noticed a lot 
of guys were watching me to see if they could see anything showing. I 
started to shake as I slowly lowered my arms. I then hear someone say to 
somebody else to check out the girl in the wet shirt. I just took a deep 
breath and push my tits out further. All the guys near me started to talk 
to me and look right at my tits. I found myself enjoying all the attention 
and stares. After about 30 min., one of the boys said my shirt was drying 
out. I said I was sorry and would they like it if I got it wet again. 
Helen was shocked when I said it but all the guys said sure. So I turned 
around and walked back into the rain, I stood still a second and then 
stated to rub the rain into my shirt. I made sure to give everyone a good 
look as I rubbed my tits and the crotch of my wet shorts. I walked back 
under the tent and shook my hair out, wetting everyone around me. 

On the way home, Helen said she couldn’t believe I did such a thing. I 
said I didn’t believe it either but that it was so much fun, I couldn’t 
stop. She asked me if I would ever do something like that again. I told 
her I honestly didn’t know. It was a lot of fun being looked at but that I 
didn’t get wet on purpose to begin with. She said that when I was rubbing 
my wet shirt, she thought for a moment that I was going to raise my shirt 
up and show my bare tits. I said that for a moment, I almost did. He mouth 
opened wide and we started to laugh. I asked Helen to go without underwear 
a couple more days that week. She said she would and that she would she me 
next Saturday.


It rained hard that next Saturday. I talked to Helen on the phone and she 
told me she only wore knickers twice last week and that was when she wore a 
dress to work. She asked if I had ever gone without knickers under a dress 
and I told her many times. I dared her to not wear any knickers under her 
longer dresses that week. She said she would think about it. When I talked 
to Helen a few days later she told me that she wore only her dress and 
shoes to her part-time job that day. She works as a cashier at a small 
grocery store nearby. She told me that all she does is stand so she knew 
she would be safe. It was also a very warm day that day and the A/C wasn’t 
working to good in the store and she thought it might be a bit cooler with 
less clothes on. She said actually enjoyed being naked under her dress and 
nobody else knowing about it. But she said the best part was that there 
was a little 6-inch fan under the counter to help keep her cool and it 
felt good every time it blew up her dress. She said that as long as she 
had that part-time job there, she would only wear dresses to work without 
anything on underneath.

Saturday came and it was a warm sunny day. I told Helen I wanted to wear 
one of her short sundresses and I wanted her to wear one too. She let me 
pick first, I picked out a light yellow, mid-thigh length halter dress 
that tied behind the neck using thin white strings. Helen chose a 
mid-thigh length blue and white flowery tank dress. I removed all my 
clothes and put on the yellow dress only! Helen asked if that was all I 
was going to wear and I told her it was and I hoped she would do the same. 
She said that she was getting use to wearing knee length dresses without 
knickers and didn’t know if she was ready to wear short dresses yet. I 
finally coaxed her into it. I told her I wanted to go to a mall in 
Valdosta and shop. She said that sounded like fun so off we went. 

As we were going down the highway I got a wild idea and pulled my dress 
from under my behind and left just enough skirt up front to just cover my 
bush. Helen asked what in the world I was doing. I started giggling and I 
told her I wanted to give the truckers a little leg to look at. She 
surprised me when she said that maybe she should do the same. I told her 
to go ahead if she dared, she did. I could see a little hair showing just 
past the hem. I didn’t dare tell her that dress was higher than she 
thought because I didn’t want to scare her out of showing off. I told her 
when we parked the car. She said that it was too late to do anything about 
it now and got out of the car. I started to get out and just as I was just 
starting to swing my legs around when I saw a guy walking behind the cars 
coming our way. I thought about my skirt and started to pull it down but 
decided to purposely give the guy a look at my legs. Just as he got to the 
next car, I swung my legs around. He turned to walk between our car and 
one we parked next to. He stopped in his tracks as he looked at my bare 
legs and hip, I looked down as I slid out the seat and my entire bush came 
into view. I stood up almost in shock at what I had just done. I was 
trembling as I closed the door, brushing down my dress as I walked away 
from him. Helen couldn’t see what happen because of the open door. She 
said the guy was still standing there with his mouth open and asked what 
had happen. I told her as we walked away, she broke out laughing and said 
she couldn’t believe I had done such a thing and asked me why I did it. I 
said I didn’t know but it felt like a fun thing to do at the time. 

Well, we entered the mall and walked around window-shopping for about an 
hour. It felt strange walking around almost naked in public but I was 
enjoying it too much to stop. We came upon a shoe store that was having a 
half price sale and decided to go inside a found a cute pair of heeled 
sandals I liked and the price was good too, so I decided to buy them. A 
cute young guy asked if he could help and I showed him what shoe I wanted, 
he said he’d get it and be right back. He returned a couple minutes later 
and asked if he could help me put it on. I said sure and sat down. The 
cold seat on my bare behind reminded me of my lack of underwear. I started 
to stand up and tell him never mind but then I got a tingle in my pussy; 
it wanted to have some fun. I made sure my knees were together when the 
guy knelt in front of me. He picked up one of my feet and removed the shoe 
and put on the new one. As he picked up the other foot I let my legs 
separate a few inches. I looked at Helen and she had her hand across her 
mouth hiding a giggle. That gave me more confidence and as he put on the 
other shoe, I spread my legs a couple more inches. As he was just 
finishing hooking the strap around my ankle, he looked up and seen between 
my legs. He stopped and then looked at my face; I smiled at him and spread 
my legs further apart, giving him a good look at my pussy. I lowed my foot 
and said I liked them and could I wear them out the store. He swallowed 
and said sure. I lifted my skirt to give him a full look before I stood up 
and paid for them. 

I was still trembling as I left the store, giving the guy a little wave as 
I left. Helen was about to bust a gut. She said that was the funniest 
thing she had seen in a long time. She said she bet the guy was probably 
in the bathroom jerking-off already. She said that she would never have 
the guts to do what I just did and that she didn’t know I was going to do 
it. I said that I hadn’t planned to do it either, that it just sort of 
happened and that it was a lot of fun. I told her that was the first time 
I had actually allowed someone to get a good look up my dress at my pussy. 
And that if it felt that good all the time, that it probably would not be 
my last. 

We left the mall and started our hour ride back home. Helen said that 
since I like showing off so much, she dared me to bare my tits and ride 
back topless. I smiled and said good idea and untied the straps and pulled 
down the top of my dress. I thought about removing it altogether but 
decided to wait for another day to do that. About a dozen truckers saw my 
tits before we got to Helen’s house. I was so worked up from my exposure 
at the shoe store and on the highway that I wanted to play with myself but 
couldn’t because of being next to Helen. I would just have to wait I got 
back to the privacy of my bedroom. 

During my senior year of high school, my father finally let me have a part 
time job. I got on as a secretary/girl Friday with an attorney in town. My 
grades were good in school and it was a field I was interested in, so I 
enjoyed the job. I enjoyed it so much that I’m going to college now to be 
an attorney. My father is so proud of me. He still doesn’t know how much 
of an exhibitionist I’ve become. 

I also became pretty good at sewing that I even made a few outfits of my 
own design. The one I wore the most was a skirt with 6-inch bands around 
the skirt that could be added or removed by buttons. I could make from 
just below the crotch or to the ground. My father even approved of it. I 
made it in three colors. One day I decided to leave it about 6-inchs above 
my knees and go home like that. My father had seen me come in the house 
and asked why I was wearing it so short. I told him I spilled some coffee 
on the bottom piece and decided to remove it. He didn’t say anything else. 


I also made a little bikini that tied on the sides. It was out of white 
cotton and had no lining so I knew it would show through when wet. It also 
rode so low that I had to shave my bush a little up front and a little ass 
crack could be seen in the back. I still have it but have only had the 
opportunity to wear it a couple of times. I wanted to try it out one hot 
afternoon, so I put on my old one piece and an old big t-shirt and told my 
mother I was going down to the creek to cool off. I rolled my little 
bikini in my towel and left. There is a creek about a ½ mile through the 
woods behind our house I’d been to many times in my life. When I got 
there, there was nobody around so I stripped off the old one piece and put 
on my little white bikini. The water felt great and the bikini was as 
transparent as I hoped it would be. 

I was so absorbed in my fantasies that I didn’t hear two boys arrive. I 
was lying in the water at the edge of the creek when I seen them on the 
other side looking at me. I didn’t know them but I did recognize one of 
them from around school. I had my first chance to show-off in my new 
bikini and was wanted to make the best of it. I waved at them and told 
them the water felt great and to come on in. Both boys were wearing tight 
cutoff jeans. I sat up as they entered the water. Both of them were 
looking at my wet top. I stood up and walked over to them, giving them a 
chance to see my string bottom, and introduced myself. Their names were 
Jim and Carl. 

We swam and floated a while and every time one of the boys stood up I 
noticed both of them had erections. I started splashing them and we ended 
up dunking each other. Jim accidentally grabbed on of my breast and 
immediately started to apologize. I told him it was all right and not to 
worry even if it happen again. Well it did, both Carl and Jim kept getting 
handfuls and each time lasted a little bit long. I was enjoying having my 
tits felt up. Then I wanted to be seen naked and to see them naked. I 
asked the guys if they had ever gone skinny-dipping before. One said he 
had and the other hadn’t, I told them that I had come down here alone a 
done it a few times but never with boys and wondered if they would like to 
join me. I don’t think they believed me so I took of my top and asked them 
again. They quickly unzipped and dropped their shorts and stood there in 
their wet briefs. I looked at their bulges as I untied my bottoms letting 
them drop into the water. I told them to take off their underwear too, 
they did. Since this was my first time being completely naked in front of 
male eyes, I slowly bent over and picked up my bottoms and walked out of 
the creek giving those boys a good look at my ass. 

I put my suit on some branches to dry. I walked back to them looking at 
their hard-ons, those were they first hard-ons I had ever seen. I walked 
up to them and turned around asking them what the though of my body. I 
told them that now there was no swimsuit in the way if they wanted to grab 
my tits. They both reached out at the same time to grab a tit and I took 
hold off both their dicks. Jim immediately shot off in my hand. He was 
embarrassed about doing it, but I told him now to worry I though it was 
cool. After a couple minutes of squeezing and stroking, Carl shot off 
also. I loved the power I had over these guys. They did whatever I wanted 
to do that afternoon. I didn’t let them screw me but I did let them bring 
me off with their fingers. I even jerked them both off again. I even 
tasted cum for the first time. I had heard other girls talking about 
giving head, so I want to give it a try, wasn’t bad. We must have been 
down at the creek 3 hrs or so before we left. I just put my t-shirt back 
on and walked home like that. That was the first time a male had ever 
looked on my naked body or touched breast and pussy. I really liked it and 
knew I was hooked and I wanted to do it again soon. 

The first time I had sex, it was with a guy I worked with, his name was 
Charles. I had just turned 18, graduated high school, and started working 
full time at my job until college started. This guy was real cute. He and 
I had been flirting the last couple months. I guess I started it all when 
I let him see up my skirt one afternoon. I was sorting some papers in a 
back office alone when he walked in to get a file. I was wearing one of my 
little stretch skirts and since I was sitting at a big table alone, I 
wasn’t caring about how I sat. The skirt was almost to my crotch. He went 
to the other side of the table to get a file from the cabinet and it 
happened to be in the bottom drawer. I saw him as he turned to look at me 
under the table and he dropped the file when he saw me sitting there 
pantyless and with my legs spread. I didn’t want to stop the show so I 
asked if I could help him pick up the papers. I got up and walked around 
the table to in front of him and squatted down with my knees apart. His 
eyes shot to my crotch and my bare pussy. He thanked me and I went back to 
my work as if nothing happened. But after he left in touched myself and 
discovered my pussy was wet one again. I flashed him a few more times and 
flirted with him regularly. 



A couple months after we met he asked if I would like to meet him after 
work. I said that sounded like fun and we set it for Friday night. My 
father had met the guy one afternoon at work and liked him so when I told 
my dad that he had asked me out on a date, my father didn’t object. I had 
a couple nice dresses to wear and decided on one. I put it on and it still 
fit well but came to my knees. I wanted to shorten it and decided to put a 
grease stain near the hem. I stained it and asked dad if the dress would 
be all right to wear. He said it looked lovely on me and as I turned he 
told me to stop. He spotted the stain on the dress. I acted upset and said 
there was no way I could get that stain out. My mother said that since it 
was so close to the hem I could cut off about 4 inches and redo the hem. 
My father told me to go ahead and do that but not to make it too short. I 
cut off 6 inches. My father said it was a bit too short but mom said it 
would be all right if I sat ladylike. (If she only knew!) I wore a slip 
under the dress when I showed my mom and father. When I got back to my 
room I removed the dress and slip and put the dress back on again. I 
looked at myself in the mirror and I could easily make out my nipples 
though the dress. I smiled knowing that Friday night was going to be fun. 

My father was away Friday night when I left to meet Charles. I carried the 
slip with me incase I had to put it on when I got back. All I was wearing 
besides the dress was my heeled sandals I bought at the mall. It was a 
little breezy that evening and it felt good blowing around my bare butt. 
He was waiting in front of the restaurant when I arrived. As I walked down 
the sidewalk towards him, a gust of wind lifted my skirt. I put my hand on 
it but not before Charles got a flash. He gave me a kiss on the cheek and 
asked me if I ever wore underwear. I told him hardly ever. He just gave me 
a big smile and another kiss on the cheek. After we got our table and 
ordered, I noticed he kept looking at my breast. I smiled and told him 
that no, I wasn’t wear a bra either. I said what you see is all I’m 
wearing. Charles asked me questions about my lack of underwear and I told 
him about some of the flashing experiences I’d had. I noticed he kept 
adjusting himself during dinner. I teased him by asking if I was the 
reason of his discomfort and that if I was I could always go to the 
bathroom and put some knickers on. He said that I didn’t have to do that; 
he liked me just the way I was dressed. And I said to him, “You mean that 
your not even going to get me out of this dress later on?” He actually 
choked a little his drink he was swallowing when I asked him that. He said 
he had planned to go dancing but now he wasn’t sure if it was such a good 
idea since my dress was short and I had no knickers on. I told him I would 
still love to go dancing, knickers or no knickers. It made no difference to 
me. In fact, I told him, I had never been dancing pantyless on a dance 
floor before. And the thought of showing my ass on the dance floor excited 
me. When we got to Charles’ car I put my arms around his neck and gave him 
a big kiss. He made me moan when he reached around and put both his hands 
under my dress onto my bare ass. I think he was happy when I didn’t stop 
him. 

We got to the dance club and only danced about an hour. I was getting 
pretty worked up from all the attention I was getting. Everybody there 
knew not too long after we arrived that I had no knickers on. I think it 
was the second dance where Charles and I were dancing to a slow song and I 
put my arms around his neck and he put his hands around my waist and 
raised them to mid back, slowly pulled up the back of my dress, I glad he 
did. I was trying to figure out some way to tactfully show-off my ass and 
he purposely or accidentally did it for me.

After about an hour I told Charles I was tired and wanted to go someplace 
quite. He asked if I would like to go to his place. I smiled and said I 
would love to but that I had better get home. On the way to my car I 
removed my dress so Charles could get a good look at me. I spread my legs 
and let him finger fuck me. aaaah! After he got me off. I leaned over and 
gave him a kiss as I unzipped his pants and took out his dick. I put my 
mouth around his cock and started to suck like a cum hungry slut. He shot 
his load in less than a minute. He said that I was a natural born 
cocksucker. Some reason I felt proud at that remark. I told him I wanted 
his home phone number because I wanted to come to his place tomorrow and 
spend all day in bed with him. I got it and told him I would definitely 
call him in the morning. I knew I wanted to have sex with him and I wanted 
to do it everyway we could tomorrow. I was technically a virgin, I had 
never had a man, but I did own an 8-inch dildo, which I used once or twice 
a week. When we got to my car, even though it was only 11pm, I climbed out 
of his car naked and walked over to mine. I tossed the dress on the seat, 
climbed in and drove off naked. I stopped a half-mile down the road from 
my house got out of the car and got dressed. I did call Charles the next 
morning and got to his house about 9am and stayed till about 9 pm. I let 
him use every hole in my body. I was a bit sore the next day and told mom 
and dad I didn’t feel good so I stayed home and soaked in a warm bath when 
they went to church.

I’m now going to ‘University of Florida’ and still see Charles whenever I 
go home for some good old fashion sex. We are getting to be an item and I 
like him. I am not interested in having sex with anyone else right now. 
But I still love to show-off when I get a chance and being in warm 
Florida, I get quite a few chances. At college I now own a nice collection 
on short skirts and dresses, a few even sheer. I went to a party the other 
night with a couple of girlfriends and all I wore was a sheer halter dress 
with only a little pair of black g-string knickers beneath. My tits and ass 
were on display all night. Halfway thought the night, some guy asked if I 
would give him my knickers. I did! I loved the looks I got that night. I 
hear I’ve gotten a reputation as a girl who would wear anything or 
nothing, almost anytime and anywhere. I hear guys like looking at a smooth 
hairless pussy. I’m going to find out! I have recently started to complete 
shave my pussy and now I keep it completely bald.

Also a few weeks ago I was talked into a wet t-shirt contest. I ended up 
naked but for a pair of wet, thin, white g-string knickers the club gave me 
to wear. That was fun and I plan to do a few more of them. 

I still need to find a job around here. I hear that there is a nude dance 
club down the interstate a few miles. I’m thinking about going down there 
and ask about a part time job. I think it would be a lot of fun dancing 
nude and getting paid for it. I enjoy being naked and getting paid for it 
would be a dream job. Charles has even suggested that I pose for 
‘Playboy’. The idea does sound intriguing. He told me yesterday he found 
some nude resorts down near Tampa. We’ve decided to go check one out in a 
couple of weeks. I do believe I have become an exhibitionist and I love 
it. Maybe you’ll see me soon. Naked? Maybe! Bye! 


