Megan's ENF At Adult Store
by psullivan22222

Megan's ENF At Adult Store Ch. 05

Megan's ENF at Adult Store - 3rd day (childhood friend)

Megan stood naked in front of her closet. She was thinking about what would be appropriate to wear for her 3rd day. She threw out most of her old cloths. They didn't reflect who she was now. Her new closet consisted of the cloths she bought yesterday. Everything was skimpy and bright colors. Megan loved it. Every item showed off her body rather than hiding it like her old clothed did. Wearing her new outfits made her feel sexy and desired. The feeling was addictive.

Megan selected a high waist, tiny, red g-string thong. Then, she picked out a velcro wrap around yellow schoolgirl miniskirt. The thong strings were sitting well above the skirt - so fully visible. The wrap around skirt was really short. From the back, the bottom part of her ass was fully visible. And in the front, she was mostly covered, but only if she stood still. For the top, Megan selected a white shimmer bikini top. They had little triangles covered her nipples and had under-boob cutouts. The top was a little small - so when Megan put it on, she had to really stretch it, which caused a lot of the breast to show in the cutout. You could almost see a little of the nipple picking out.

Lauren, the store manager, was the first to see and greet Megan when she arrived.

"Oh my God - look at you. You are like a walking wet dream. I love this outfit. "

"Thank you. I feel so sexy in it" responded Megan and gave a little twirl - which caused the skirt to rise up - exposing her thong.

"I need to run some errands today - so it will be you and José manning the store. You remember José - from yesterday. You two really hit it off. "

Megan definitely remembered José - especially his finger in her ass - and how he did whatever he wanted to her body without bothering to ask.

"Megan - José is in charge. He is your boss for today. You will do what he says. He has a lot of experience in this industry so I think he will be a great mentor. "

Megan was so focused on what Lauren was saying, she didn't notice José standing behind her. She only realized his presence when she felt his hand on her ass under the little schoolgirl skirt. José timed squeezing her ass with Lauren saying that he was in-charge, reinforcing the message.

"Alright. I am off. Have fun." Lauren said as she started to leave.

"Megan - I am going to teach you about an area within kink that a lot of our clients like to try - so have lots of questions about it. It's a form of power play where one person submits to the other. You are a natural submissive - so it will be easy for you. You can think of it like a master and slave dynamic. You are the slave, and I am the master. Like Lauren said, I am in charge today. So, you will do whatever I say without hesitation no matter what. Do you understand?"

"Yes" responded Megan.

"You can address me as sir or master," said José.

"Yes sir."

"Good." José critically evaluated Megan for a few moments without speaking.

"Skirt off. It's too much. Top off too. I have a different top for you to wear today."

Megan did as she was told. The skirt was so easy to take off. One velcro rip - and the wrap around schoolgirl skirt was off. The pulled the top off too - and stood in front of José in just her high waist g-string thong and high heels.

José passed Megan a little package - "your top".

The package contained a thin leather choker with metal chains hanging connected to the front and nipple clamps at the end of the chains. Megan was already turned on. She could feel her wetness. Her nipples stood erect. She slowly put on the choker, and connected the nipple clamps to her hard, sensitive nipples.

José waited for Megan to finish - and then continued. "Today I am your master. I want you to really learn about submission. So, today, you will do whatever anyone in the store asks you to do. Every customer coming through the door is your master."

Megan resumed her regular duties of greeting customers. Everyone was really nice - and no one really made her do anything. She asked them if she could help them find anything or answer any questions. Most people just smiled or replied that they are just browsing. One lady asked if the nipple clamps hurt, and Megan had to answer honestly that they felt good.

"Holy Shit - Megan, is that you." Megan knew the voice before she even turned to see who was speaking. It was Ben. Her parents and his parents were best friends, so her and Ben ended up spending a lot of time together. And now, they went to the same college and even had some of the same classes. She thought that Ben had a crush on her, but he never acted on it.

"Holy Shit - what are you doing here" asked Ben.

"I work here" replied Megan.

"Is that the uniform?"

"They have these probationary task things to increase confidence - so they have me wear all kinds of stuff."

"Damn - I mean damn. You look very hot."

"Thank you" responded Megan.

José happened to overhear the conversation.

"Hi there. I am José. I am the manager here. I see you and our Megan know each other. She is really great. We all love having her here. " José casually padded Megan's ass.

"She is one hot piece of ass. And look at those tits." José casually pulled on one of the chains connected Megan's choker to her nipple causing Megan's entire breast to lift up, pulled by the nipple. Megan turned bright red from humiliation but didn't make any action to stop José. There she was with her tits out, nipple clamped, with the choker, and the chains, and the tiny high waisted stripper G-string and her high heels. And on top of that, José was putting on a show to her childhood friend.

Ben stood there mesmerized watching José play with Megan's big tits.

After a small pause for effect, José continued "she has a nice little tight cunt too." José without asking, just pulled Megan's thong to the side, and pushed a finger inside her.

"She is so fucking wet. Slut loves it. Don't you?" José kept his finger inside her - moving it slowly around while asking Megan.

"Yes sir" responded Megan breathlessly.

José pulled his finger out - and holding it up, "see how wet she is. Bitch is dripping." He then put it in his mouth - and sucked on his own finger. "Mmmm. Bitch is sweet."

Megan didn't move to fix the thong. She just stood there, frozen, pussy exposed. Her face flushed with humiliation and lust. She knew her pussy was dripping wet. She desperately wanted José to push his finger back inside her.

"Slut, on your knees."

José opened the zipper on his pants and pulled his cock out. Megan knew exactly what was expected of her. She was on her knees in an instant - eye level with José crotch. When he pulled his cock out, it was inches from her face. Megan moved in closer and started by kissing the head, and then taking his cock into her mouth and sucking on it. Her world was his cock. She forgot about Ben - and focused on the cock.

José continued, facing Ben and ignoring Megan sucking his cock. "You know Megan from childhood? They sure do grow up fast, don't they. " José put his hand behind Megan's head and pushed her towards his cock, forcing her to deepthroat him.

"You ever fuck her" continued José.

Ben just shook his head - mesmerized by the scene in front of him. There was the girl he was too afraid to ask on a date, naked, tits swinging from side to side, her tits pulled up by the nipple clamps, ass out, thong to the side, pussy clearly wet, her head bubbling up and down on some guy's hard cock.

"You ever jerk off thinking about her tight little wet cunt." continued José.

Ben nodded his head.

"Let me give you some advice. You have to give girls what they need, what makes their cunts went, not what they think they want. Now, I am not saying every girl is a slut like Megan, what I am saying, is you have to figure out what a girl needs and give her that, and she will be yours. Take Megan here, she is a natural submissive. Her cunt gets wet from humiliation, submission, and exhibitionism. That's what you have to give her, and she will be yours. "

Megan continued sucking José cock. Every so often, she would try to deepthroat it to see how deep she can get before choking.

José continued talking like it was just a normal conversation between two guys, oblivious to the naked girl at his feet sucking his cock.

"I am not humiliating Megan because I am an asshole. I do it because of deepest sense of respect for her. I am helping her discover her fantasy and explore it. I give her the space and freedom to try anything she wants. My role is to facilitate her fantasy not to impose my fantasy on her. "

Sucking José cock, and having Ben watch, was turning Megan on even more than she thought possible. She kept thinking "why can't they just stop talking and fuck me already." She moved her hand between her legs to play with her clit, hoping for some relief. "God, I am so fucking wet" thought Megan.

Ben had an unobstructed view of Megan's ass. He was mesmerized seeing Megan's fingers expertly play with her clit, and then slip two fingers inside herself. She was timing the thrusts into her pussy with her cock socking. Every time she would take the cock deeper in her mouth, she would plunge the fingers deeper inside herself.

Oblivious, José continued talking. "Look, it's nature. You got a dick. You got to stick that thing inside some fertile cunt. You got balls. They are producing cum all day long and you need to release it. You can't hold it in or you'll go crazy. So, you need to release that cum. Now, take Megan. She has a cunt and she needs it filled. It's the opposite of you. You got to stick that thing somewhere, and she needs her hole full. You go crazy if you don't get a release, and she goes crazy if she doesn't get it filled. And take cum, you need to release it, and she needs it. She craves it. It's like a drug. You can't withhold it. You understand. It's nature. You make the drug, and she is addicted to it. It's like a relationship between a drug dealer and a drug addict, they need each other. "

Megan's horny mind heard the word cum. Megan picked up the pace with a new sense of urgency - sucking deeper and faster and thrusting the fingers inside herself.

José continued "the problem is society, and religion, and all this bullshit that gets wrapped together with sexuality. People try to suppress their physical needs and hide their desires and fantasies. People are made to feel like they are degenerates just because of what turns them on. That's a terrible and a fucked-up way to live. "

Megan was so close. She could feel her orgasm building. Her entire body tensing, getting ready for it. She had two fingers pumping her pussy hard and fast, making wet slushing sounds with each thrust.

Ben stood behind her, frozen, mesmerized, his eyes glues on her pussy and her hands furiously pumping in and out.

José grabbed Megan by her hair, and puller her head off his cock. The action took Megan completely by the surprised. She fell back, landing on her ass, her legs wide open with a needy, confused, angry look.

José finally addressed Megan directly "slut, you cum when I tell you to cum."

He then resumed his conversation with Ben. "You can't let these sluts cum. You have to keep those cunts hungry and needy. That's the only way they will break through all those barriers society created for them in their heads. It's hard, but it has to be done. It's for their own good. "

Megan still sat where she landed. Her legs splayed out with her pussy gaping open.

José ignored her and continued facing Ben. "If you really care about her, you need to use her, humiliate her. You really need to push yourself. Come up with whatever depravity you can imagine. It's the only way she will breakthrough past all those cultural barriers in her mind. And under no circumstance can you let her orgasm, or we need to start from the beginning. A cunt needs to be horny and needy. "

"Go ahead, try it. She will do anything you say."

Megan looked from José to Ben. José was right. She desperately needed a cock.

Not able to think of anything else, Ben just said "strip".

Megan immediately pulled her thong off, took her stripper heels off, and then the nipple clamps, gently unclamping her over sensitive nipples, and finally the choker. She was completely nude now. She was still sitting on the floor, in the middle of an aisle surrounded by dildos and in-between two fully dressed men.

Ben was shocked that Megan actually did it. He gave a command, and she actually did it.

"Grab a dildo from the shelf and fuck yourself with it".

Megan was like a sex crazed animal. She looked around and grabbed the first dildo she saw. It was a black, thick 9inch beast. She went on her back, legs wide open, and started to push the beast inside her. She was grunting and moaning, pushing it deeper, impaling herself on it. It felt so good, she felt so full. She started to slowly push it in and out.

"Crawl to me" commanded Ben.

Megan turned over and got on all fours. The black dildo sticking out, wedged deep in her pussy. She started to slowly crawl towards Ben. Keeping her eyes directly on his. She was seductively wiggling her ass. Her tits swaying from side to side with every step.

When Megan's face was a few inches from Ben's bulge, Megan stopped and sat down on back of her feet.

"Sir, may I suck your cock."

"Beg for it."

"Please, sir, may I suck your cock. I will do such a good job. You can push it as deep down my throat as you like. I need your cock. You can cum anywhere you like. You can cum on my face or in my mouth. I won't waste a single drop. You can put your cock into any hole. My pussy is so wet and tight. You cock will feel amazing. You can put it in my virgin ass. You can take my ass virginity. Please, let me suck and fuck your cock."

Ben took his hard penis out. He had to pull his pants around his knees. It wasn't as slick as the way José did it with just taking the cock through the zipper.

Megan immediately went for it. She licked the shaft from the bottom to the top, and then kissed each ball, and even tried to take each one entirely into her mouth - and play with them with her tongue. After a bit of teasing and playing, she focused on the shaft, starting a solid motion of sucking on the cock - going up and down, using her tongue, and taking it as deep as she could. Megan's ass was sticking out, and José couldn't pass up the opportunity. While Megan sucked Ben's cock, José focused on her ass. He first removed the thick dildo - leaving Megan's pussy gaping from the wide intrusion. He easily put three fingers into her pussy, and played with her a bit, being careful not to get her to cum, just keeping her on the edge. He then pulled an anal vibrator from the shelf, lubricated it with her pussy juices, and pushed it into her ass. He put it on the lowest setting. Just to keep her frustrated, too low to orgasm.

Ben couldn't last any longer. He grabbed Megan's head and kept her from pulling away. Megan tried to swallow as fast as she could, but it was too much, she choked on some of it, and after Ben finally let her go, some of the cum dripped down her chin. Megan carefully collected all of it with her finger, and licked it off, swallowing, and then opened her mouth showing to Ben and José that she swallowed everything.

"Ben, you're in college right? Are you in a frat?" asked José.

"Yeah, I am in Sigma Phi"

"I have a favor to ask. You understand that Megan needs a lot of help. I want you to call up all your frat brothers and bring them here. We are going to setup a booth in the back, for Megan to service all of them. Today, we will focus on practicing her mouth skills. Also, I think the more cum she drinks, the more her brain will rewire itself to break down all those societal barriers. "

Megan didn't move to object or say anything. She was sitting naked, and happy, with the taste of cum still lingering in her mouth. She was still extremely horny but the lingering taste of cum in her mouth was making her happy. A part of her, the brain, found what José just said, crazy. Her brain was telling her to put a stop to all this. But her brain wasn't in charge, her pussy was, and her pussy loved the idea of more cum and more cocks.

Ben took out his phone, snapped a pic of naked Megan, and then started txt'ing furiously.

José came over to Megan. "Megan, come with me. I have a room prepared for you." He led Megan naked through the store to the back area where the changing rooms were. He led her into one of the modified booths. There was a big screen tv there - playing hardcore porn. The girl was bouncing on a cock, while sucking another cock with her large tits swinging in every direction. The volume on the tv was set pretty low, but in the small booth, it was all that Megan heard, sounds of sex, and moaning.

On the other wall, there was a hole cut out at about crotch level.

"Megan, guys are going to put their cocks through this hole. You suck them off. You can either swallow it or have them cum on body or face. You understand?"

"Yes sir."

"This is called a glory hole. They have them in the cheap whorehouses. We also have cameras installed in this room. We are going to stream it live. There are a few rules. First, you need to make sure every cock cum's. Second, you must not cum. Third, thank every cock. Alright - that's about it. Introduce yourself and wait for a cock to come through."

With that José, left her, and closed the door. Megan was alone in the little room - with the large tv playing hardcore porn, with sounds of sex and moaning filling the little booth. Megan positioned herself next to the hole in the wall and saw the little camera above it. Looking into the camera, Megan introduced herself.

"Hello everyone. My name is Megan. I am a needy slut. Today, I am in a glory hole. I will suck every cock that comes through this hole. I hope I can do a good job. You can cum in my mouth or on my face. You can also come on my big tits." Megan grabbed her tits and man-handled them for effect.

"I hope to taste you very soon."

Megan didn't need to wait long before the first cock came through the hole. Megan immediately went to work, licking and sucking. He didn't last long and Megan swallowed every drop. There were 10 cocks in total. Some cum into Megan's mouth, and some on her face and tits. By the end, Megan had a layer of dry cum covered her face, and her body. Whenever someone came on her tits, she would rub it all over herself like lotion. So, by the end, she was covered in cum.

José opened the booth door to find Megan on the floor, covered in dry cum, happy and smiling. She was absentmindedly rubbing cum into her clit.

"Megan you were amazing. I am very proud of you. We are all so proud of you. It takes amazing courage to do what you are doing. This probation is almost over, and you are absolutely acing it. You are done for today. We will see you tomorrow, same time. We don't have showers here but looks like it's all mostly dry. So, you can just wear your cloths over it. "

Megan just nodded and smiled. She had no intention of washing the cum off.
