Lodge Pool Adventure
byjay hanspard©

Missy and Jay had been staying at the lodge for about three days and honestly, it was getting boring. Unless you had a boat to use on the lake, which everybody else did, you were really limited in what you could do. On Wednesday night they decided to kill some time at the lodge pool. The pool was down the hill from the lodge.

They began their walk to the lodge and pool. Missy was wearing a blue thong swimsuit; it was Jay's favorite. He was finally starting to think that the week would be fun. Maybe there would be some people to exhibit his wife to.

The walk proved to be nothing special. Not one person to be seen. They walked under the bright mercury lights. The lights were separated so that there was about ten feet of darkness between each light. Jay kept falling behind his wife. Every ten feet he was rewarded with a view of her great ass in the thong, then there was ten feet of walking in darkness, then ten more rewarding feet.

They arrived at the pool, and there wasn't a soul there. Jay enjoyed watching his wife swim around in the tiny swimsuit, but he wished there was someone else to see it. After thirty minutes of swimming and groping in the pool, they decided to head back to the cabin for a little lovemaking.

Maybe it was that she was starting to get horny; maybe it was that she sensed that Jay was disappointed at the lack for exhibition opportunities, but she decided to have some fun with him. They got out of the pool and wrapped towels around each other for the walk back. They walked past the lodge to the road that led to the cabin. Before getting under the first mercury light, Missy stopped.

She said, "Can you hang on to something for me?"

She reached under the towel and pulled her swimsuit off. She handed the two small pieces to a confused but now smiling Jay.

"Absolutely, dear."

They walked under the first couple of mercury lights with Melissa smiling a devilish grin at him. When they got under the third light, she pulled the towel open to "readjust" it. All the cabins were dimply lit, and anyone who might have seen her would not be visible to Jay and Missy. Jay could hear voices, but couldn't tell if they were inside or outside the cabins, not could he tell how far away they were.

They walked into the darkness before the last three mercury lights. Jay felt something cover his head, and he knew instantly it was her towel. They were still in the darkness before the next light and Jay's heart was pounding like crazy. He knew his wife was walking naked next to him.

The light from the next lamp shone down on her. Her large 38D breasts swayed in front of her and she was swinging her ass for any prospective watchers. They walked under two more lights; Jay was so excited he was lightheaded.

They had a short driveway that led to their cabin. There were four cabins, two on each side. One last mercury light was over their cabin to light the drive. As they came ten feet away from the door to their cabin, a man came out of his cabin across the drive and stopped dead in his tracks. His eyes locked in on Missy's boobs, which are swinging like pendulums. Missy smiled at him and walked into the cabin. There was more fun to be had inside...
