Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 4: Good Times for all

Madison walked slowly down the street on the way to school Monday morning. Daddy was really sad again this morning before he went to work. She was really worried about him; he was so excited about this new job and now he seemed to think he had no chance. She felt like she had let him down, the other candidates had pretty wives that could talk about adult things and she felt like she just stood there like a lump. She felt a little sob in her throat, and she was glad she was walking alone.

Barry watched Madison walk by his house and he did not remember ever seeing her so sad before. He called Henry and asked him if there was anything wrong and he told him about the job interview. Barry felt bad for them, he wished he could help, he liked his Madison perky and happy. He petted Roscoe as he sat on his swing and wished there was something he could do.

Madison was almost home, practice was really hard, she felt like she had no energy and now she was really sore. She didnt even feel like hanging around the dressing room, so she had grabbed her backpack and started walking home alone. She made up an excuse so Samantha would not worry. She walked really slow, so her workout clothes were almost dry as she got close to her house.

Barry watched her walk closer, he had never seen her come home from school in her running clothes. The small tight top showed off her flat tummy and wrapped those young boobs well. The shorts, though, looked like a second skin on the young girl. Her ass was spectacular, and he marveled at the thigh gap between her legs as she walked by. He wondered how anyone could concentrate if that is what she wore to practice. He waved and she waved back with a small smile. Barry rubbed his old cock as he thought of her running around at practice.

Henry tried to keep his composure but her sad face when she walked in broke his heart. He could not keep the huge smile from exploding on his face.

Daddy? What happened? she said.

We got it baby. He said softly.

The squeal rocked the windows and Henry saw a blur and then his daughter was wrapped around him. He hugged her and realized she was crying hard. He pulled her head back and looked at her face, the tears running down her pretty cheeks.

Baby, whats wrong? He said.

Daddy, I thought I had ruined it for you... (sob). The other wives were so smart and pretty and I was just a stupid little girl... (more sobbing) I tried really hard but... Madison blurted out and then started crying again.

Henry wrapped his arms around his little girl and held her until she stopped crying. He put her down and took her hands.

Sweetheart, you could not be more wrong. They told me a major part of the equation was how well adjusted and impressive you were. They said if I could raise a daughter so well by myself then I could work for them. In fact, they offered an intern position for you, so you dont have to be alone as much in the afternoons. Henry said.

Really? Madison said, wiping her eyes.

Yes, really. I start next week, I have a week of training out of town, and then I have to go to Nebraska for a few days after that. Mr. Thompson and Katie have offered to have you stay with them for those days. Is that ok, will you be ok? Henry said, concern in his voice.

Madison looked at her daddy and she was so happy that the sparkle was back in his eyes. She told herself she would do anything in her power to keep him like this forever.

Daddy, that sounds great! She said and jumped back in his arms.

Something else baby girl, I got a nice signing bonus, so I quit my old job and I dont have to go to work any this week. I am talking my best girl out to a nice restaurant tonight to celebrate. Henry said as he hugged his young daughter.

Really? That is so cool! I am so happy for you, daddy. Madison said, her pretty face lit up with her smile again.

Now get your little butt upstairs and get dressed, it is high class for us tonight. Henry said.

Madison jumped up and ran upstairs. She sat on the bed and wiped her eyes. She was so happy; her heart was beating fast as she switched emotions on a dime. She loved it when her daddy was happy. She took a deep breath. She stripped off her sweaty workout clothes and walked to the bathroom. She took a nice hot shower and washed the sweat and sadness off her young body.

She felt great now that she was all clean. She slipped on a pair of white panties and a white bra. She chose a pretty little blue sundress. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled. It felt so much better to be happy. She skipped out of the room.

Henry watched his young daughter come down the stairs. She was back in her perky state of mind and he loved it when she was smiling. Her dress was cute, and he loved how she looked as she bounced into the room.

They walked out of the house and Barry was working on his flower bed. He heard a squeal and then he looked to see Madison running towards him. He barely had time to stand before she was wrapped around him. She smelled clean and he looked at Henry as he ran his hand over her head.

Mr. Jones, daddy got the job. Sorry I was so sad today. She said and held onto him.

Congratulations Henry. I am so happy for you guys. Barry said as the young girl squeezed him.

Thank you Barry, I was surprised when I got the call today. We are very excited as you can see. Henry said as he nodded to Madison.

Barry laughed and Madison pulled back, straightening her dress and wiping her eyes.

I am sorry Mr. Jones. She said sheepishly and he knelt down to look at her.

Madison, you never have to apologize for hugging me. He said to her and face broke out into a huge smile.

He wiped the tears off her soft cheek. God, she was so fucking cute.

Thank you Mr. Jones, we are going out to dinner, do you want to come? She said and quickly looked at her daddy as she realized what she said.

No, baby, you need to celebrate with your daddy. Barry said.

Actually, Barry, I think that is a great idea. We would love for you to come with us. Please dont disappoint my little girl. Henry said and smiled.

Barry looked down at her and she was looking like she was waiting for an answer. How could he say not to that face?

Sure, let me go change quick. I will be right out. Barry said and Madison squealed and clapped her hands.

He chuckled as he turned and went into his house.

They had a wonderful dinner and Barry was so glad he went along. He loved listening to her laugh, and he enjoyed hearing all about the new job and the track team.

It was Friday afternoon and Henry had completed most of the things he wanted to do before he started his new job. He walked into the house and saw his young daughter asleep on the couch. He walked over and looked down at her. She was wearing a small yellow t-shirt and it was pulled up to show her tight tummy. Her strong runner legs looked nice coming out of her small gym shorts. His eyes moved up and he pushed her hair off of her pretty face. She opened her eyes slowly.

Hello daddy. She whispered.

Hey sweetheart, tired today? Henry said.

Yeah, coach has been working us hard all week to get ready for tomorrow. I am beat. She said as she rubbed her eyes.

You relax, baby, we will order pizza tonight. He said.

Yay. She said and rolled over, closing her eyes again.

Henry turned quickly, trying to forget the sight of her nipple pressing against her shirt as she rolled over on the couch. He shook his head and thought it was probably a good time to start thinking about a girlfriend.

Barry was standing next to Henry out in the middle of what looked to him like a big field. It was covered at the moment with many people moving around and he was amazed at how complex a high school track meet was. He was glad he tagged along today, again he could not say no to Madison when she begged him to come watch the biggest meet of her life. He smiled and remembered her asking him to come yesterday afternoon while Roscoe was licking her leg. He remembered looking down and wondering how anyone could be that cute as he stared at her pink panties as she knelt and played with his dog.

There she is. Henry said and pulled Barrys shirt sleeve.

Barry looked over and saw Madison amidst what looked like a hundred kids. She was wearing a short top with a number on it and small shorts that looked amazing. Most of her tummy and all of her legs were bare and sexy as fuck. He was wondering how these boys would be able to run with erections. He noticed her talking to a little blonde that was almost as cute as her. Long blonde hair in a ponytail, a little taller than Madison, smaller boobs but long tan legs. He tried very hard to think of baseball as he watched them.

Samantha, who was the girl that coach was talking about? Madison asked her friend.

That one. Samantha whispered in her ear as she pointed subtlety to a tall brunette girl.

Coach said she was the key, if any of us could beat her we could win this event and the match. She is really good though and I think she is a senior. Samantha whispered.

Madison looked at the girl and she was tall, way taller than her. She also looked strong, her legs were amazing, her thighs looked as big as her waist. She was talking to a group of boys and her coach.

I think we can do it. Madison said.

Yeah, right, we are freshman, if we can just stay close to her it will be a miracle. It is just you and I and Jane in this race. No way Jane keeps up and I am still not feeling good after you know... Samantha said and rubbed her stomach.

Madison chuckled, Sam had her period a couple of days ago and it is a small miracle she is even here. Her periods are wicked and usually knock her out for a few days. She hugged her cute friend.

The announcement came and the runners moved to the start of the 5K race. It was the last race of the meet and everyone was gathered around. Madison grabbed Samanthas hand and pulled her to stand directly next to the tall brunette. Madison looked up at her and the girl looked at her with a smirk on her face. Madison looked at Sam and smiled.

The gun went off and everyone took off. The brunette girl was wearing blue shorts and there was a black wrap on her left leg. Madison got in right behind her as the group started out. They had to run three times around the course to finish right here where they started. She settled in behind the girl and looked over at Sam.

The group had spread out as they came out of the trees and headed back towards the start line for the first time. Madison saw her dad and Mr. Jones on the side, and they were clapping. She smiled and waved at them as she ran past. She looked over at Sam and she did not look good. Her friend looked at her and shook her head back and forth. As they crossed the start area Madison saw Sam move out of the crowd and stop, holding her stomach. She saw her coach and two girls run out and help her off.

Madison looked at the trees as they ran through for the second time, it was beautiful. She looked back down and watched the blue shorts and the black wrap as they moved in front of her. She looked up at the girls strong back and her ponytail flopping around. She felt good and thought about how happy her dad was now. He would start his new job on Monday.

The group came out of the trees for the second time, well the group was really only a handful of runners now. Coach Wilson stood on the side and talked to Coach Boone as the runners moved past. They both looked at the Jefferson runner hanging in fifth place, just a few paces off the lead. They knew if she stayed there this race was over. They smiled as they saw Madison running right behind her. She was doing good, just being close to that girl at the 3K mark was a huge accomplishment for a freshman. They looked down at their scoresheet. If Madison could stay in the top 10 they would get third, the highest finish for the team in the last couple of years.

Madison saw her daddy and Mr. Jones again as she ran past for the second time. She smiled and waved again. They looked excited as they clapped and cheered. She saw Sam as she ran past the start area again. Her friend looked at her and held up a fist. She got a little boost of energy from that and she felt good. She watched the blue shorts and black wrap as they ran past the start line again.

They hit the trees again and Madison saw a couple of runners on her side as she passed them. She felt like she was running a little faster now, blue shorts and black wrap in her sights a few feet ahead. The trees still looked beautiful as she ran through them, two more runners on her right as she moved past. She felt like she was running on air as she thought of how happy her daddy was and Mr. Jones was here watching her. She thought that made him happy as well.

Coach Wilson was looking at his sheet and double checking the numbers when he heard the cheer. He looked up and saw the group break out of the trees for the last time. There looked to be about 6 girls in the lead group with the Jefferson girl sitting right at the back but still within striking distance. He figured, it was over now, her kick was one of a kind. They were still far away but he could tell the lead group was only 6. He watched them turn to head back towards the crowd and then he saw 7 and he noticed the small girl in the back. He grabbed Boones shirt and tugged as he screamed. Madison was right behind the Jefferson girl and the next closest group was at least 20 yards back. She was going to finish top ten!! Boone looked up and they were both high fiving. Wilson looked down at his sheet and noticed they had third locked up but now a 7th place finish put them only 3 points behind second and 5 points behind Jefferson.

Madison came out of the trees and was watching the blue shorts and black wrap. Her legs felt good, she was glad Coach had worked them hard. This was the best she had felt in this race ever. She saw the girl turn towards the crowd and she stayed a few feet behind her. She looked to her left and saw Sam running and waving her arms like a crazy person. She was motioning towards the finish line. Madison saw Coach Wilson jumping up and down and everyone from her school screaming and jumping. She saw the finish line a couple of hundred yards ahead.

Madison followed the blue shorts; she was having to focus a little more. She felt she was moving way faster now, and she felt her legs start to burn a little, her heart was beating hard.

Coach Wilson noticed the Jefferson girl pull out and start to move on the rest of the group. He was amazed at the strength she had at the end of the long race. She was moving easily past the other girls and was now leading the group as they got closer. He also caught his breath as he noticed Madison was still right behind her. He looked down at his sheet and then up again. He grabbed Boone and pointed at the sheet. If Madison got second, they would lock second place as a team, but he then pointed again. If she could win, they would take it all.

Madison saw her coach jumping and screaming more than she ever had. He was funny. Sam was still running and screaming as was the rest of her team. She looked over to her right and Mr. Jones was jumping up and down, but her daddy was staring at her with his hands on his cheeks. His mouth was open, and she could tell he was overwhelmed. She looked back forward and noticed the finish line was now a hundred yards ahead. She looked around and there was no one next to her, just the blue shorts and black wrap right there in the front.

She felt her heart racing, but she looked at her daddy and felt energized with pride for him. She caught a burst of energy and moving next to the bigger girl. She looked ahead of her and everything seemed to slow down. The cheering was muffled, and she felt they were running in slow motion, but she was pulling ahead of the girl. She let her mind clear and then felt another surge of energy. She pushed and moved a little bit farther ahead. The finish line was coming fast, and she heard the girl breathing hard next to her. She pushed one last time and let her legs take over as she raced across the finish line. She tried to slow down but stumbled and crumbled on the soft grass. She was laying on her back for just a second before Samantha landed on her. She gasped as what little breath she had left was pushed out of her. She tried to catch her breath and then looked up to see her coach and her whole team looking down at her. She tried to smile and then everything went black.

Coach Wilson got everyone to back off a little and the trainers ran up. They checked her and she was breathing fine. They told coach she would be fine and then they saw her eyes open. She looked up at everyone and they now looked worried. She felt them lift her up to sit up and put a bottle of water in her hand. She drank deep and then she heard the cheer. Samantha hugged her again and she spilt water over both of them.

You did it! Samantha screamed in her ear.

Madison hugged her friend. She was very tired and wondered if she could walk. She looked up and saw the Jefferson girl. She caught her eyes and the girl nodded and smiled. Madison felt a warmth run through her as she realized what she had just done. She hugged Sam a little harder.

Madison hugged her daddy long and hard on Monday morning. He was leaving for 10 days and she was very nervous. She had never been away from him for so long. She fought back tears, took a deep breath, and tried to stay strong for him. She knew he was very excited to start his new job. She was also very happy for him as he told her he had paid off all of their bills and they were getting a new car when he got back home. She looked into his sparkling eyes and was very proud of him.

Ok, Mr. Thompson will send a car to pick you up at school after practice. It will take you to the office and you will ride home with him. Will you be ok honey? Henry asked and watched her face closely.

He was kind of nervous leaving her for so long. Brad and Katie were very sweet to offer to keep her, but he would miss her terribly.

Yes, Daddy, I will be fine. You kick butt in training, and I will be waiting for you. You do have to call me every night. She said.

You bethca, every night. Now you get off to school. Henry said and hugged her again.

Madison looked back at her daddy once more and then walked out the front door. She saw Mr. Jones and Roscoe sitting on the swing. Roscoe jumped off and scrambled off the porch towards her. She knelt and caught the little dog as he jumped in her arms. He was licking her face and she was giggling as Mr. Jones walked up.

Barry looked down at her and he was amazed again at how cute she was. She looked so different now after seeing her covered in sweat after she won the race on Saturday. He watched Roscoe crawl all over her again and he loved her pretty laugh. She was wearing a sleeveless blue shirt and a small jean skirt. Her legs were fucking amazing, and his eyes went immediately to the small patch of pink he saw between her thighs. He felt like such a creep, but she was driving him quickly insane.

Rosoce, let Madison go to school. He said and pulled the little dog off of her chest.

Madison stood up and hugged Mr. Jones. He felt her small arms wrap around his waist. She pulled away and looked at him, her pretty eyes were glassy with tears. He looked confused.

Mr. Jones, daddy has to go out of town for 10 days and I am staying with his boss while he is away. She said and his heart dropped.

Really? I am so happy for you guys and I hope he does great. Barry said and wondered what he would do for 10 days without being able to see her.

He will, I have to get to school. Madison said and started down the sidewalk before she started to cry, she was not sure why she was so emotional today.

Barry Jones watched the blue denim material move over one of the most perfect asses he had ever seen and wondered if he would ever see it again in all its glory. He stood there until she got to the end of the street and then walked back into his house with his painful erection.

Madison was waiting outside of the gym after practice with Sam, her hair still a little wet and dripping over her shirt. She had no idea what she was supposed to do at her daddys office. They told her she was an intern, she wasnt really sure what that was, what could a 9th grader do at a big office? The large black car pulled up and a large black man got out, walked around and opened the door for her.

Wow, look whos a big shot. Sam said.

Madison looked at her and shrugged. She hugged her friend.

See you tomorrow. Madison said.

See you, your highness. Sam said and giggled.

She looked around and a few of her friends were staring as she slid into the soft leather seat. The man closed the door and then got behind the drivers wheel. She felt weird getting into a big car in front of her school.

Are you comfortable, Miss? the man said.

Yes, sir She answered, and he chuckled.

My name is Aaron, miss. You let me know if you need anything. There is cold water in the compartment in front of you. He said.

Thank you, Aaron, my name is Madison. She said and pulled a cold bottle of water out of the back of the seat.

Nice to meet you, Miss Madison. He said.

She took a big drink and the cold water made her feel a little better. She sat in silence as the car made its way through traffic. She still felt strange sitting in a massive car all by herself. She saw a big building appear and the car turned into a garage and parked. Aaron opened the door and helped her out.

I will take you to Mr. Thompson, follow me. He said.

They rode a big elevator and then walked across a big lobby. There was a pretty girl sitting behind a large desk.

Hello Alex, Mr. Thompson is expecting her. Aaron said and the girl looked up at them.

You must be Madison. Brad said you were cute but oh my God, you are precious. The girl said and hurried around to the front of the desk.

Madison noticed the girl was short, just a little taller than her, and dark hair like her. She looked very professional and was wearing a beautiful white dress. It hugged her small body and looked amazing. Madison especially noticed her boobs; they were magnificent and looked incredible on her tiny body.

She took Madisons hand and looked up Aaron.

Thank you, Aaron, this was a very special delivery. Wait here, I will be right back. The girl said.

Madison walked behind the pretty girl and noticed how the dress wrapped around a perfect butt. She thought her own butt was nice, but this girls put hers to shame. The girl opened a big door and they walked into a large office with a lot of furniture and things all over the wall. She looked around at all the stuff as she was pulled forward.

Hello Madison. She heard and turned to see Mr. Thompson sitting behind a massive desk.

Thank you so much Alex, I will let you know when the papers are ready for Jenkins. Mr. Thompson said.

No problem sir. Alex, answered and left, closing the door.

Madison marveled again at how perfect her body was as she disappeared behind the door. She turned back to Mr. Thompson and he was smiling his perfect smile. Madison felt really small again standing in the middle of the huge office. Mr. Thompson stood up and walked around to her. He picked her up and hugged her, she felt his strong hand on her butt as he wrapped her up in a big hug. She put her arms around him. He put her down and them took her hand and led her to a couch. They sat in an incredibly comfortable leather couch. She felt the cool leather on the back of her thighs.

So, how was school and practice? He asked.

Good. She said.

Do you need anything? He said.

She shook her head and then she cleared her throat.

What is it sweetie? he asked.

Well, it felt a little strange getting picked up at school. Could Aaron pick me up at home from now on so I can walk home with my friends? She said hesitantly.

Of course, and you are right. I am sorry I didnt think of it. We are changing your life quite a lot, it makes perfect sense to let you hold onto as much normal as possible. Tell you what, I will have Aaron wait for you at home, but you only go with him when you are ready. How is that? he said.

She felt a big smile cross her face.

That would be great! Thank you so much. She said and Brad thought it was amazing how cute she was when she smiled.

Good, now, lets talk about what we need you to do around here. Mr. Thompson said, and she perked up.

First of all, you have to continue to look incredibly cute at all times. He said with a serious face.

She was confused at first and then he smiled, and she giggled.

There, just like that. He said and she relaxed.

Seriously, I do have a lot of things you can help with. They will be easy so do not worry. But you will need to have some new clothes. You will need to wear a skirt or dress when you are around here. There will be times you will be helping with clients and customers, so you have to dress a little nice. But, do not worry as Katie has volunteered to take you shopping tomorrow afternoon. Are you ok with that? He said and she nodded.

Good girl. Now lets introduce you around. He said and put his hand on her knee and squeezed.

Alex held onto the desk in the small supply room. She was bent over the desk with her pretty white dress pulled up over her firm ass. Her panties were around her left ankle and Aarons wonderful black cock was buried in her tight pussy. She loved this cock. She pushed back to try and get him deeper.

Aaron held onto the perfect white ass as he pounded a perfect white pussy. He loved this pussy and only wished he could hammer it more often. He chuckled as he thought of what her pretty white boyfriend would say about that. He groaned and blasted a huge load of cum up into her womb. He held himself in her as his breathing slowed down. He pulled out and she pulled up her panties and straightened out her dress. She was back to flawless in seconds. She kissed him on the cheek. They walked out of the supply room.

Alex settled in her seat moments before Mr. Thompson came out of his office with Madison. Aaron blew her a kiss as he left, and she smiled.

Madison sat in the front seat of the cool car that Mr. Thompson was driving. She looked out the window at they sped through town and he looked over at two beautiful young thighs sticking out of the tiny jean skirt. This girl was incredible, and he knew he would have to take it slow and steady if he was going to achieve his ultimate goals, make a lot of money and eventually be buried deep in that tight little cunt.

How was your first day? he said, and she snapped her head around.

It was good, all of the people were very nice. Madison responded.

Brad smiled and thought of how all the nice people had stared at her as he walked her around. He was pretty sure everyone was hoping she would be around for a while and that they would be able to sample her in some way or another. He chuckled a little as he remembered taking her over the catwalk in the warehouse and the guys looking up to see those cute legs and whatever panties she was wearing today.

He would eventually have to give those guys an opportunity with her but that would have to wait quite a while until she was ready, they tended to be a little rough. He did smile as he remembered the little shit secretary he had caught stealing last year. The guys did take care of her, he was still amazed that they were able to fuck her for four hours. She was quite a mess afterwards and walked funny for a couple of days. However, she learned her lesson and the boys appreciated the chance to help.

Yes, it would be a while before he handed Madison over to them but a few more walks across the catwalk wouldnt hurt in the meantime.

Do you have any homework? Brad asked.

Yes, a little, it shouldnt take too long. Madison answered.

Ok, we will eat around 7:00 and then maybe we could watch a movie? he said.

That would be cool. She said.

They parked in the garage, well, it was technically a garage, but Madison thought it might actually be bigger than her house and just as clean. It was immaculate as they walked through it. They walked through the door and she heard a squeal and saw Katie running up to her. She almost had time to say something before she was picked up and her head was between those perfect breasts again.

Katie had on a pair of small shorts and a white shirt with only a couple of buttons attached. Madison saw a lot of her chest before she was swallowed by the boob hug.

Katie, relax, she will be here all week. Brad said and laughed.

I know but she is so fucking precious, I just want to eat her up. Katie said and put her down.

She has some homework to do so can you bring her to the study and get her set up? Brad said and thought of how hot it would be when he eventually did get to see Katie eat her.

Madison had hardly finished listening to him before she was being pulled through the house. Katie eventually led her into a room that looked like a museum. Katie walked around a big desk and sat in the chair. She pulled Madison towards her until she was standing between her legs. Katie was staring at her.

You are so pretty. Katie said and pushed a little lock of hair behind Madisons ear.

No, I am not. You are just being nice. Madison said.

Little girl, you listen to me, you are one of the prettiest people I have seen in a very long time. You look way better than I did when I was your age, I was a potato. You do not ever let anyone tell you otherwise. Katie said.

Madison did not know what to say to the gorgeous girl that was telling her these things and doubted she ever looked like a potato. Katie leaned over and took her face in her hands. She felt the soft warm hands on her cheeks. Katie pulled her closer and kissed her softly on the lips. She held the kiss and then pulled back slowly. Madison was a little stunned.

Have you ever kissed someone? Katie asked and Madison shook her head side to side.

Amazing. Boy, times have changed. Katie said.

Well, you have amazing lips. Keep them relaxed and open your mouth just a little. Katie said and moved closer.

Madison felt the soft lips and then felt Katies tongue touch her lips gently. It felt great and she relaxed. Then Katie pushed her tongue gently into her mouth and she felt it touch her own tongue. It felt like electricity and Madison moved her tongue over Katies. She felt the older girl pull her closer and then put her hand behind her head.

Madison opened her mouth a little more and then then Katie swirled her tongue over Madisons. Katie pulled back slowly, and she looked a little flushed. Madison noticed her face was a little red.

Holy fuck! You are a great kisser. That was amazing. Katie said and pulled Madison in close and hugged her tight.

She felt Katie pull away slowly, but her hands were still on Madisons hips.

Did you like that? Katie said and Madison nodded.

Good, you are so fucking hot, and we are going to have a lot of fun. Katie said and Madison giggled.

Now, get your homework done. You can use this desk; the laptop is there if you need it. Just let us know if you need anything. Katie said and stood up.

Madison was only inches away from Katies perfect boobs and she could tell that her nipples were hard as they were showing through her shirt. She looked up.

Yeah, you did that. Katie said.

Madison blushed as Katie walked past her. She sat in the wonderful chair and pulled her homework out of her bag. Luckily it was easy stuff today as her young mind was swirling. That kiss was magnificent, was she supposed to like kissing a girl? Some of her girlfriends told stories of truth or dare games but she was pretty sure the kisses in those games were not like that one. She felt like she should be concerned but it was so easy and felt so nice. She felt a little tingle in her thighs, and she rubbed her own chest. She felt her own nipples as she rubbed her hand across the chest.

Katie walked back into the living room and Brad looked up at her. He laughed as he saw her flushed face and her stiff nipples.

So, someone is a little flustered. He said and chuckled.

God damn, that little girl is something else. Can I strip her now and lick her all over? Katie said.

Patience, my little one, you will be munching between those pretty legs soon enough, we just have to take it a little slow. He said.

I know, I know, but you may have to fuck me senseless tonight to help me settle down. She said.

I live to serve. Brad said.

Madison finished up her last worksheet and stuffed it in her bag. She bumped the mouse and noticed the screen of the laptop popped up. She noticed the screen was big and really clear. She grabbed the mouse and moved it around. She noticed a folder labeled Katie and she hovered over it. She looked around and felt a little nervous, but her curiosity took over and she clicked the folder.

Several folders popped up in the big folder. She read some of the names, Teacher, Bad Girl, Schoolgirl. There were a lot to choose from, but her hand moved on its own and she clicked the folder labeled Teacher. The first picture that popped up was Katie dressed in a white button shirt and a black skirt. Her hair was pulled up into a bun and she was wearing black frame glasses. She looked incredibly pretty, but Madison noticed the clothes and hair style was very similar to a couple of her own teachers. The only difference was that Katie was way prettier than her teachers.

She clicked the arrow and the next picture popped up. Katie had her back to the camera and was writing on a chalkboard. Madison noticed that the pictures looked to be in a real classroom. Her eyes were drawn to Katies butt as it was just sticking right out. She also noticed she was wearing black hose with a line down the back.

She clicked again and Katie was leaning over the desk, her butt really out there. Another click.

In the next one Katies fingers were on the fourth button on her shirt and the top three were open. Madison could see the tops of her boobs and the edge of her white lace bra. Madison felt the tingle again in her thighs and she clicked the next one.

Katie was holding her shirt open, and her white bra was on display. Click.

Katie was now leaning over, and her shirt was on her desk, Madison could see her boobs trying to bust out of the bra. Click.

The zipper on the side of Katies skirt was completely open and Madison could see Katies thigh. The hose did not go all the way up and Madison could see the side of her panties. Madison felt her chest tighten and rubbed her hand across. Click.

The next one almost made her fall out of the chair. Katie was holding her bra on her chest and her skirt was around her ankles. Madison could see the black lace panties and the tops of the stockings and Katies pretty thighs between the two. Click.

Madison gasped as she looked at the next picture. Katie was holding a pointer and she was only wearing her panties and the stockings. Her boobs were standing there on her chest without almost no sag. They looked perfect, the nipples were small and pink. Madison sat and stared at the perfect set of breasts on the screen.

I do like that one too. Madison jumped and saw Katie standing next to her.

I am so sorry; I didnt mean to... Madison babbled and Katie put her hand over hers.

It is ok sweetheart; I am proud of those pictures. Brad took them. Katie said.

Really? They are so beautiful. Madison said.

Thank you, sweet girl. When we have time, we can look at some more but now we have to get to dinner. Katie said and closed the windows.

She took Madison by the hand and led her to the dining room where Brad was waiting with a table full of food. Madison sat and tried to calm herself. Katie sat across from her and smiled as Brad passed her the chicken.


