Maggie's Pizza Delivery Job
bythesecretslut©

This is my version of a story I read a long time ago. I had the urge to find it one day and couldn't find it anywhere, with all my searching. I figured if I wrote it out, I'd have a version at least from my memory and maybe someone else would recognize the original and help me find it. Either way, this was really turning me on and it was an itch I needed to scratch, so, this is the story I needed to read or at least my version of.

Taking a gap year was a really hard choice for me; it was mostly because the college I wanted to go was a lot of money and well my parents weren't exactly loaded like all of my friends. So right after graduation, I decided to get a job delivering pizza. I live in a small local town, with rich kids and big houses. The job wasn't too bad, I eventually got used to it, had friends order pizza just to see me and got pretty good tips.

Oh right a description of me, I'm feeling a little lazy and people love the description in my "fantasy story" so here it is, since it is accurately me.

I am 5'3", I have a good body and would consider myself pretty cute, thanks to the genes given to me. I've always been kind of tomboyish and dressed not really to show any of it off. Skater shirts, baggy shorts and pants, dresses and skirts kind of feel more like a hindrance to my daily life and I get cold easily, so I usually have some sort of comfortable hoodie on. For that reason the boys in my school never really noticed me, I may as well have just been another guy to them. If anyone had really looked they would have noticed my breasts were a bit large, I guess thanks again to the genes my mom passed down to me, I have 32C boobs and a hot sexy booty to match, not too large and definitely not small and I try to keep it tight with all the running I did for cross country in school. I like to keep my hair short, it made running easier and made washing my hair take less time than it used to.

"Are you sure you're fine with this job Maggie, it feels dangerous having you drive to strangers' houses all alone, what if something happened," my mom told me, as I was heading out the door to my shift.

"It's ok mom, just old people, my friends and rich kids, we live in Pleasantville, nothing is going to happen."

"Well, call me if you need anything, your father and I are heading out for date night," my mom said cheerfully, or was that sarcastically, I could never tell with her.

During September, the nights can get pretty slow, but thankfully, I still make some pretty good money, but it's the tips that really make my college fund grow. Thankfully, a whale of an order came in and I was at the right spot at the right time, and as my shift was almost over, it would be my last delivery of the night.

"Hey Mags! Fifteen pizza's to this address, seems like a big party going on, make sure to collect and get it there in one piece," my boss yelled out.

I grabbed the pizzas and fit them into my little Toyota Yaris, strapping them in the back seat the best I could.

"My poor car is going to forever smell like pizza," I said with a sigh.

I looked at the address and realized I had never been to this house before and as soon as I got there I knew why 15 pizzas. It sounded like a huge party was going on inside. The house was huge, practically a white mansion with pillars, like most of the houses here, it was kind of intimidating.

The door was wide open, "Hello! Pizza delivery!" the music was blaring and it was hard getting anyone's attention.

I walked in and tapped the first guy I could find.

"Hi, pizza delivery, do you know where an Erick is?" I asked.

"Sorry babe, I don't know where he is, but I can keep you company if you like?" his look on me making me feel rather uncomfortable.

I decided to move on, asking a few more people, until someone directed me to the living room.

"Are any of you Erick?" I asked the people sitting on the couch.

A black haired, boy band looking guy looked at me, "I'm Erick."

"I have your pizzas in my car, just need to collect the money." I said as professionally as possible.

"Why so serious? You know my name, but I don't know yours," he said scanning my body with his eyes.

"I'm Maggie, how about I go get those pizzas while you find your wallet."

"Don't worry about it, 15 pizzas for such a sexy little girl to carry in, I'll just send some guys out to get it, stick around, have some fun, it's a party after all." He said smugly.

"That's ok, I'm working and I don't want to get in trouble, I need the money for school," I said feeling like the world was closing in on me.

"If it's money than, how about we have a little fun," he responded, pulling out a wade of cash with more money than I had seen in my life.

I needed the money, but at the same time I was scared at what he was going to say.

"You seem overdressed for this party, how about I pay you fifty dollars for every piece of clothing you take off."

"I'm not a prostitute," I responded feeling both worried and offended.

"I'm not asking for sex, you must be thinking about it though," his comment making me blush, "look, take off your shoes and socks and that's two hundred dollars in your pocket."

I thought about it for a second and sat on the floor and took off my shoes and socks and laid them next to me before standing back up.

He handed me the money, "see that wasn't so bad, and to make it even more interesting, I'll give you another four hundred, for your shirt and shorts."

I was wearing the restaurants polo shirt and some cargo shorts, hiding the curves of my body, curves no one in this town really knew about and it made me nervous; then again six hundred dollars was a lot of money.

"Don't be so scared, you are wearing underwear right, a lot of girls are walking around in bikinis that cover far less, no need to be shy," his voice, a mix between charming and smug, that made me want to slap him in the face.

"Fine, I'll do it," I said and quickly went to remove my shirt.

"Slowly, slowly," he stopped me, "I'm paying for a show, take your time, enjoy yourself."

I let my shirt back down and than slowly raised it up over my stomach, the slowness making me feel more conscious of what I was doing, slowly revealing my body to a bunch of strangers I had never met before. Up over my never before seen breasts, revealing an innocent blue bra to all the onlookers.

"Aw that's a cute bra girlie, I think I wore that when I was 13, did your mom buy it for you," a girl sitting next to Erick yelled out, making everyone laugh.

I took the shirt off completely and dropped it over my shoes and socks, undoing my shorts next.

"Turn around and bend over," Erick ordered me.

I did as I was told and turned around and bent over, my ass facing him, my face blushing, only imagining how I looked. I slowly lowered my shorts to the ground, kicking them to the rest of my clothes.

"See that's not so bad, and your underwear covers a lot more than a bikini," he handed me the rest of the money, "now, how about a thousand dollars to loose the underwear?"

"No, that's ok I'm good, I just need to get dressed and go now, other deliveries, you know how it is," I said nervously and scared at being naked around this group of people.

I looked down to get my clothes to get dressed, but they were gone, "where are my clothes?!?"

"How about we make a little deal, you come here and suck my cock and I'll have your clothes returned to you," Erick said with an evil smile.

"I'm not a whore!" I said angrily, "Give me back my clothes!"

"Who said you were a whore, whores get paid, but if you don't want to, I guess you can find them yourself, but, when you come back, you better change your attitude," those were the last words I heard before I ran off to find my clothes.

I made my way around, getting touched and groped through the crowds in the house. Through the cat calls and cheesy pick up lines I continued looking and hoping that I could spot my clothes and get the hell out of here. I heard some cheers coming from the kitchen and thought maybe, they stashed them there and were celebrating.

"Suck it! Suck it! Suck it!" a group of guys were cheering and when I got there I could see a girl on her knees, sucking some guy's cock on the kitchen floor.

She was pretty, long blonde hair, wearing a neon green tank top and denim shorts, her hand holding his cock and her mouth moving back and forth, her cheeks sucked in as she sucked it. I had never seen a blowjob in person, or any sexual act in person before and I felt my cheeks getting flushed.

"Like the view slut," a guy said from behind me.

I kept watching, almost mesmerized by the view in front of me, unable to look away, like watching a car accident about to happen. She pulled her head back and kept stroking his cock with her mouth open and tongue out, waiting for something.

"Cum! Cum! Cum!" the crowd around started yelling.

It didn't take too long before thick shots of cum started shooting out of his cock into her mouth and all over her face, and she looked happy as he did it.

"I said, did you like the view slut!" A guy said behind me again, tapping my shoulder this time.

I turned around to see this, six foot tall, line backer of a man, standing behind me in a wife beater and jeans, gold chain around his neck and shaved head. I thought to myself, could you be any more cliché.

"I'm not a slut," I said back at him.

"Well you must be a slut, hanging at a party in just your underwear," he said moving in closer to me.

"That's not, I didn't do it on purpose, I," I didn't know how to respond.

"Ok, let's make a deal, I'll believe you aren't a slut, if your pussy isn't wet," he said reaching down, trying to put his hand between my legs.

I quickly slapped his hand away and he spun me around, pushing me down onto the counter face first.

"I was going to be quick about it, but you just had to make this tough, huh," I felt a finger worm it's way inside my panties and rub up and down my slit, "I knew it, soaking, fucking, wet."

I blushed realizing it was true, I had become wet and hadn't even realized it and this guy just touched my pussy and I didn't even know his name.

"I think you need a good fucking now, because that's what sluts are for," he said hearing a zipper being undone.

"I'm not a slut," I said loudly.

He leaned in closer, "what was that?"

I drew my head back hitting him in the face with the back of my head, surprising him, breaking free and ran back to the living room, the guy running behind me.

"Hey, hey, hey, what's going on here?" Erick said, looking entertained.

"This fucking cunt just head butted me," the guy said, looking pretty pissed.

"That little girl just head butted you, aren't you like, 2 feet taller than her," everyone laughed.

He walked off pissed, making me relieved that he left.

"Please, I just want my clothes back, so I can leave," I said pleadingly.

"You know, if you had just sucked my cock, this would have been all over rather quickly," Erick replied, "but now, things are going to be a bit more complicated."

"Please, I'll do anything, you can have your money back, anything." I said tearing up.

"Take off your underwear, I'll still give you the money I promised, but now it's all coming off."

He was holding all the cards and I really had no choice, I reached back and undid the clasp to my bra and let it just fall off of my arms and onto the ground. No one had ever seen them and now a group of random strangers were all staring at my breasts. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my panties, fighting back tears; I let them drop to the floor and kicked them over to Erick.

"You're a really panty dropper bro!" more laughs came from the peanut gallery.

I suddenly got very shy and put one arm over my breasts and a hand over my pussy trying to cover myself up.

The girl next to Erick got up and walked behind me.

"It's ok, don't be shy, it's nothing we all haven't seen," she said as I felt her chest rub up against my back and her arms around me.

"Ok, I'll make you a deal, if you aren't turned on by all of this, you get your clothes, you get your money, and you can go home, since you say you aren't a slut or admit it and you get all of the above." Erick said announcing to the room. "But if you lie, you have to suck my cock, in front of everyone here."

All the while, the girl behind me rubbing up against my naked back, her hands teasing the sides of my breasts and her hot breath on my ear made me tingle all over.

"Fine, mmmm, I'm not wet at all, oh, completely dry, ah, I'm, not, a, slut," even I was having a hard time believing myself, unable to speak complete sentences as I was being mercilessly teased.

Erick got up from the couch and walked in front of me, he was so tall, and it was intimidating to a short, little girl like myself, clothed or otherwise.

He reached down and moved my hand out of the way and ran a finger up my slit, "I didn't even need to touch you to know, and I could smell it all the way from the couch."

"Now, suck my cock," he said putting a hand on my shoulder and slowly pushing me to my knees.

I got down on my knees in front of him; still trying to keep what little modesty I had left. I closed my legs, hiding my vagina and reached up to unzip his pants.

"If you do a good job, I'll let you go," was all I heard, my heart beating in my ears.

I reached in and pulled his cock out, which was only semi hard and brought it close to my face. It was the first cock I had ever touched; it felt soft, firm and warm, a completely new experience for me. It had a strong musk to it, but it wasn't bad, it actually made my cheeks feel warm. I was so nervous and slowly brought my tongue out to taste it, worried that it would taste horrible.

"Don't be afraid of it sweetie, it's not going to hurt you," the girl said now kneeling behind me, "just put it in your mouth and suck."

I did what she told me and opened my mouth to let it in, the head slowly moving pass my lips and across my tongue, it tasted bitter, but not bad. I tried my best to copy what I had seen in the kitchen, moving my head back and forth, sucking as I did, feeling it move it's way across my tongue, taping the back of my throat nearly making me gag.

"Not doing so great so far slut, how about you help her Kylee and show her how to give a good blowjob," Erick said, sounding unsatisfied with my once virgin mouth.

I felt embarrassed, not only was I sucking off some guy's cock that I had just met, in front of a room full of people; I was being degraded on how bad I was at it. I felt a hand grab the arm I was using to cover my breasts and pull it away and my hand guided towards Erick's cock.

"You need to use your hands as well sweetie, not just that pretty mouth of yours," Kylee whispered into my ear.

I got the idea and started stroking his cock while sucking on it; feeling even more exposed now, sucking cock with my breasts completely on display, the cold air hardening my nipples.

"You're going to have to do better than that, or else you're going home naked, maybe we should just call the cops and tell them a girl is streaking around the neighborhood," Erick teased.

"Let me help you with that sweetie," I felt Kylee's hands start to spread my legs, my pussy now visible to all that was watching, "you just need, a hand."

I didn't know what she meant; I thought she was going to help me with Erick's cock but instead.

"Mmph!" I moaned as my eyes shot wide open as I felt Kylee's hand start rubbing my pussy, now the third person to touch me there in less than 15 minutes.

My moans making Erick's cock twitch in my mouth.

"Much better, maybe you like girls more than guys."

I pulled Erick's cock out of my mouth, "I'm not, ah, gay, and I don't, ah, oh, like girls!"

The people around started laughing as I said that and I couldn't blame them, I didn't like girls, but what she was doing to me felt amazing. She knew spots in and out of me that I didn't even know existed. The way she teased my nipples, the way she rubbed my clit and dipped her fingers inside of me, and the way she was nibbling on my neck.

I was lost in the feeling and while I was moaning, Erick shoved his cock back into my mouth and started fucking my face, slipping down my throat.

"Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm," it was all too much for me to handle, the people all watching me, naked, used by a girl and guy, I could feel something building up.

Erick pulled his cock out, grabbing my hair and making me look him in the eye, while still stroking his cock "please, no more, I can't take anymore, if you keep going I'm going to, I'm going to..."

My eyes shut close tight and my mouth shot open as I screamed, "OH MY GOD!"

I was cumming, in front of all of these people, praying, that this was all some kind of dream and then I felt something hot spray all over my face. I opened my eyes just in time to see a shot of cum heading for my face and tried to look away, but Erick was still holding onto my hair. Kylee moved around me and started licking his cum off of my face, kissing me and shoving her tongue into my mouth. With Erick's cum still in her mouth, I could taste it and it was salty and sour.

"That was, the worse, blowjob I ever had, slut, I guess you're going home naked," Erick said with cheers from the crowd.

"Please no, please, let me have another chance, I'll do anything, please don't make me go home naked!" I said begging this time, nearly crying.

"Fine, it doesn't seem fair that Kylee made you cum and she didn't get to," he said smirking at me, "you have 5 minutes to get her off, or else...I'm fucking you in the ass."

Kylee made her way to the couch and reached under her skirt and slipped off her panties. I have to admit, she was beautiful, short brown hair, thin, long legs, and kind of tomboyish and feminine at the same time.

"Your 5 minutes starts now, are you going to stare or get her cumming." Erick whispered in my ear.

I didn't give it another thought and dove right in; literally, I grabbed her legs and spread them and started licking her pussy. I was thankful it didn't taste bad, it almost tasted sweet and the more I licked, the wetter it got and the stronger the taste.

"How is she doing Kylee?" Erick asked inquisitively.

"She's, mmm, energetic, mmm, I'll give her that," the words almost making me happy as she said it, "but she's missing all the good spots."

When I heard her, I took a second to think, to think of all the things she did to me and how good it all felt. I got up on my hands and knees and started licking at her clit, remembering how good it felt when she rubbed circles into mine.

"Mmmmm yes, that's better sweetie, right there," she said moaning.

I felt a hand start rubbing my butt from behind and up and down my thigh, but I tried to ignore it because of the task in front of me. I had no idea how much time I had left, so I had to try harder, I took two fingers and started pushing them inside her, she was so wet, warm, and familiar.

"Oh god! Much, much better," she said, I looked up, still eating her pussy to see her eyes closed and back arched, "much, much, much, better!"

Her hand took hold of my head, bringing me closer and deeper. I couldn't get my fingers in anymore, so I started shoving my tongue into her instead as deep as it could go, wiggling it around inside of her. Behind me, I felt a cock start rubbing up and down my ass. It got me scared that I was about to be penetrated, but I had no time to think about that. My arms grabbed hold of her legs and I pushed my tongue in further, my nose rubbing against her clit.

"Yes! Yes! Yes! I'm cumming!" Kylee screamed, although I could barely hear with her thighs squeezing my head.

She finally let me go and I fell back onto my ass, able to breath again. I must have been a sight with her juices all over my face, catching my breath. Kylee slid down to the floor, grabbing me and kissing me on the lips, I didn't have the strength to stop her. Her kisses getting more passionate with her hand behind my head and her tongue making it's way inside of my mouth.

"Bad news little girl, you were close, five minutes and thirty three seconds," Erick said while rubbing my back, "you know what that means."

"Please! No! Anything but that!" I pleaded, scared at being fucked in the butt.

"Don't worry, we'll make it all feel so good, hey guy's, let's warm her up first." Erick said looking around as I got surrounded by a bunch of men.

They grabbed me and lifted me off of the floor, and sat me on a guys lap on the couch.

"We are going to get you so hot, you'll be begging for it," the guy said as he started to kneed my boobs and play with my pussy.

"Mmmm, please, stop, ah, this, oh god, please, I just want my clothes and to go home," hoping he would show some mercy and let me go.

A second later, he lifts me up and sits me on the guy sitting next to him, who started licking my ear and twisting my nipples, rubbing his hard on into my ass. It was feeling really good and my ear started tingling and turning me on as he licked and nibbled on it.

Before I could say anything, I was passed to the next guy and the next guy, each rubbing a piece of me, my back, my thighs, breasts, kissing and nibbling on my ears and neck, teasing my clit, rubbing their bulges into my ass and the larger guys under my pussy.

"Oh, mmmm, ah, I just want to," again before I could even finish I was lifted off of another lap and sat on the couch, this time two girls sat on either side of me.

They were both very pretty, like cheerleaders from my high school, beautiful blondes, one was wearing a tight red dress that left little to the imagination and the other was, oh my god, the girl from the kitchen.

"You looked so good, we just had to lend a hand," one of the girls said as she went face first into my neck, kissing and licking it.

"Yeah such a little slut, deserves all of the attention," the other girl said starting to lick my nipples, which were very sensitive.

They spread my legs over there laps and crossed a leg over each to stop me from moving mine and each had a hand down in my lap teasing my thighs, grazing my pussy and giggling every time they made me moan.

Kylee kneeled down in front of me and started licking my pussy, while the other two girls continued having their way with me. She found my clit so easily with her tongue, making circles around it and sometimes would gently suck on it as well.

"Please stop, please, you're going to make me..." I said breathlessly, my back arching.

To my surprise, she did stop and my hips started humping in the air looking for her mouth, but I couldn't find it. The assault on my nipples, neck and thighs stopped as well, all I could feel were the girls' legs grasping onto mine. I opened my eyes, breathing hard, seeing Kylee just watching me with a smile on her face, same with the girls at both sides of me.

"Looks like you are enjoying it," Erick said coming up behind me, "they are really good aren't they."

"No, not at, mmmmmm," I tried to talk, but Kylee started licking at my pussy again and the girls now both licking and sucking on my nipples, "no, not at, not at, what was the questions, ahhhhh, again."

Their warm mouths on my nipples felt so good and Kylee started fingering me, along with sucking on my clit. I could feel myself start to hit the boiling point, when they stopped again. They did this over and over again for god knows how long, teasing me and getting me close than stopping, it was pure torture. My pleas of stopping and going home turned into pleas of finishing, my pussy dripping like a fountain.

"No, oh god! Don't, oh, stop! Please, mmm, don't, stop, please," I didn't even know what I was saying, my urges now completely controlled by my need to orgasm.

The girls undid their legs and left and the next thing I knew a big burly guy lifted me up, my arms wrapping around his neck. Then sat back down, my legs at his sides, facing him. It happened so quickly, I didn't realize whom it was and what was going on, just that he was kissing me passionately with his hand entangled in the back of my hair and what felt like his huge thick cock rubbing up against my inner thigh. I felt a hand reach down grabbing his cock and forcing it to rub up against my pussy.

"Yes, just like that, yes, that feels so good," I thought he was saying that, but it was I.

He held me closer to him, arms around me, turned us than laid down with me on top of him, my ass up in the air and I felt the tip of his cock just barely penetrating me. That sparked the last bit of protest I had.

"Please, I'm still a virgin, no one has ever," my protests put on deaf ears and muffled as a cock was shoved into my pleading mouth, the dick under me now slowly penetrating my once virgin pussy.

"MMPH!" was all that came out as my hymen was ripped.

I didn't know how I felt, my body was reacting, but my mind felt like it was still somewhat wrong, I had just lost my virginity to a random guy, in front of a bunch of people, on some stranger's couch. I felt something cold drizzle down my back and over my ass. Then a finger started rubbing it around my asshole slipping inside of me. I knew what was coming next, but there was nothing I could do to stop it.

"Time for you to finally pay up, Maggie," were the last words I heard before a cock started slipping into my ass.

It hurt for a bit, and thankfully the lube helped and whoever was doing it was being gentle, to start, they all were. I had a cock fucking my mouth, one in my pussy moving up and down and a guy fucking my ass. I can't believe my first time was being with three random men I had never met before.

"Have a drink," the guy said before I felt his load shoot into my mouth, I swallowed quickly, hoping, I wouldn't have to taste it for long.

He pulled out of my mouth and moaning from the fucking on my other holes, another guy walked up in front of me.

"Hi, I'm Tim," another guy said before shoving his cock into my mouth, not caring that someone else had just cum in it or that I was even ready or wanting it.

He must have been really turned on, because it didn't take a minute or two before he was shooting his load into my mouth as well. I finally got a chance to look down at the guy who took my virginity and it was the guy I head butted before; he looked at me with a smile.

"I told you that you were a slut, now I'm going to cum inside of you," he said laughing as he moved his hips up and down fucking harder, hammering my pussy.

"No, please, I'm not on the pill, you'll get me pregnant!" I said now scared.

"Take it slut! I'm cumming!" He yelled out, at the same time I was yelling, "No, not inside, no, no... yes, yes, yes!"

The mixture of fear, the cocks fucking me, the orgasm denial, something finally just broke inside of me and I started cumming as he filled me with his seed, I could feel it inside of me, almost melting me from the inside out, melting my brain.

"One more load," Erick, yelled out behind me slapping my ass.

I could feel his cock start to shoot in my ass, his cum feeling even hotter than the cum that was deposited into my pussy. Erick grabbing my hair pulled me back towards him to talk into my ear.

"See, you could have just sucked my cock," those were the last words I heard before passing out on the couch.

When I woke up, I found my clothes in a gift bag next to the couch, minus my panties. I didn't even bother to put on my bra, I just quickly threw on my shirt and shorts and ran out of there and drove home. When I finally got home, I snuck in hoping not to wake up my parents because they were probably freaking out wondering where I had been all night. I took a hot shower to get god knows what, off of my skin, not to mention the feeling of disgust, which wouldn't go away no matter how hot I made the water.

After drying myself off and putting on some fresh clothes, I went to get my bra, shoes and socks out of the bag and found a box and a note left in there. The box was a plan B pill, which I heard about, but never thought I would actually ever take. I opened the folded paper and out popped a few thousand dollars, the note read.

"You should probably take the pill, we aren't monsters after all, trying to get a cute little slut pregnant. Anyways, hope you had fun; we put in a good word for you at your job. Your boss said he'd be sending you from now on for all deliveries to our house. Look forward to seeing you again soon, Erick."

I know this story isn't exactly like the original, I added my own little twists on it and my own writing style, which I'm trying to improve with each and every story and chapter I write. If anyone knows the original, please contact me or leave the title in the comments to tell me what it is and where I can find it, or feel free just to leave comments because I love reading them.

Thanks Again, Maggie  