Jury Duty Day 01
by hunny4all

Jury duty is an obligation of citizenship and being called to serve as a juror is a serious responsibility. A juror's role is vital in making sure justice is done. No one really wants to serve on a jury and that includes me but most everyone has to go through it sometime in their life. It seems as though you are summoned at the most inconvenient time, not that there is ever a convenient time for it. This is my third time to be inconvenienced. 

When I first received my notification I was a bit aggravated and mentioned it to my trucker friend, Mike. His reaction was, "What a great place to show yourself off! Think of the endless opportunities you will have."

I thought about it and immediately became excited. He was right as usual and I knew I would have many opportunities to do what I love and that is exposing my body in public to strangers. I am an exhibitionist and I get aroused at the prospect of a new adventure such as this. The very thought made me slide my hand under the waistband of my shorts and feel my pussy start to tingle.

I mentally started going through my closet for something to wear. I knew whatever I picked out would need to meet the dress code standards of the court, as well as meet my need to easily expose myself. Lately I have chosen clothes that are extremely low cut, short and very revealing. My motto is, "A girl never knows when an opportunity to flash will present itself and she must be prepared at all times." 

For my first day of jury duty, I chose a sleeveless, long black denim dress that buttoned up the front. I decided to forego wearing panties and debated on wearing a bra, but in the end decided that I would feel sexier wearing a pushup bra that did not cover my nipples. I lightly touched them and they immediately became hard. The very thought of exposing myself in the court house sexually excited me and my body responded instinctively. I felt the juices start to drip from my pussy. 

After dressing, I sat in front of my mirror experimenting with parting and crossing my legs. I got glimpses of my curly pussy hair peeking out and loved the slutty feeling that washed over me. I had left the top two buttons and the bottom four buttons undone. My cleavage was very noticeable and when I leaned forward my heavy boobs spilled out of the top of my dress showing how puffy and hard my nipples were. With the bottom buttons undone most of my legs could be seen when I walked or sat down. Feeling very pleased with my appearance, I slipped my feet into sandals and left the house. 

I parked in the parking deck and walked toward the courthouse about three blocks away. I was very aware of my breasts jiggling and my nipples rubbing against the fabric of my dress, as well as the feeling of my dress against my bare ass. I noticed the way the length of my legs showed as I walked down the street and it made me immediately horny.

I arrived at the jury assemble room and even though I was early it was already crowded. I looked around the room trying to decide the best place to sit. I knew there was a possibility that there would be someone there that I would recognize and did not particularly want that to happen. Seeing more men on the left side of the room I headed there. I felt my pussy tingling and enjoyed the sensation.

I saw a row of empty seats about ten rows back and noticed that across the aisle was a man who was sitting in the end seat. Behind him there was another man also in the end seat. Feeling my nipples rub against the fabric of my dress, I walked down the aisle toward this end seat and glanced at the men who were watching me. Neither hid the fact that they noticed my dress was unbuttoned enough that they could see my cleavage and legs. I took the seat across from them and crossed my leg giving them a good view of my thigh.

The way the men were watching me made me horny and I felt my pussy moistening. I squeezed my thighs together enjoying the tingling feeling in my pussy. I wiggled my foot and my sandal fell off and out into the aisle. I leaned over picking up my shoe knowing my tits were visible and about to spill out over the top of my dress. I could see the men through my eyelashes but did not acknowledge the fact that I knew they were looking. Neither one of them took their eyes off my chest and I noticed their eyes widen when I did not seem to care if my boobs were being seen.

Sitting up I watched a younger guy in his upper twenties walk towards me. He stopped at my row and I stood to let him in. Facing me he slid past me rubbing against my breasts. His eyes dropped downward to my breasts and widened. He sat down about three seats from me and I noticed that he kept glancing towards me.

The announcements and instructions began and they gave those with valid reasons a chance to line up and provide explanations to be excused from jury duty. I was disappointed to see that the men across from me stood and walked to the front of the room, both glancing at me as they went by. Looking around the room I knew that there were still plenty of other men in the room including the younger guy on the same row with me. I noticed that he took every opportunity he could to get up and slide past me; each time facing me. A couple of times when he returned, I would stand to let him back into our row and each time I purposely rubbed my tits against his chest and felt his eyes looking down my dress. 

We were given our juror badges and parking passes and sent on a break. I decided to text my trucker friend, Mike and share my experiences with him when I noticed the perfect guy walking down the aisle. My body immediately reacted to the sight of him. He was tall and good-looking, dressed in jeans and a polo shirt. I finished the text to Mike with a "Whoaaaa I am seeing the perfect guy that I want to expose myself to." 

I made eye contact with him while he was walking toward me. My elbow was propped on the arm of the chair and I leaned forward knowing he had a good view of my breasts. Instead of walking by he sat down in the end seat a couple of rows ahead of me on the other side. I was about to feel disappointed when he leaned forward in his seat propping his head on his hands. From that position he was able to look back and his eyes were on my legs which were still crossed. 

I let my dress fall to the side exposing my thigh. I circled the toe of my foot slowly and feeling more daring I uncrossed my legs letting them part. I felt a thrill go through me when he continued to stare and I could barely contain my arousal. I am not quite sure what I would have done next because they started calling names to line up to send on potential cases. His name just happened to be in the first group of potential jurors and away he went.

I turned in my seat glancing at the younger guy on the same row as me. He was talking to a man on the row of seats behind us and he looked right at me and asked if I had ever been on a jury before. I could tell that both of them were eyeing my cleavage and I leaned forward causing them to almost pop out while answering them. Our conversation was cut short because my name was called and I stood and walked to the other side of the room and got in line with the other 29 potential jurors.

We were led to the court room where we were introduced to the judge and attorneys and were given an idea of what the case was about. This case involved the thief of some vehicles. We then introduced ourselves and were asked questions in order to choose the best candidates for the jury. One of the questions was, "Have you ever had anything stolen from you or have had your home broken into?" I had to be honest and admit that in the early 80's while buying gas I had left my keys in the ignition and when I went to pay for my gas some guy ran up and drove off with my car. I did get my car back that night but I think the experience caused me to be struck as a potential juror on this particular case.

We were dismissed and told to return the following day to the jury pool. I left the court house and walked to the parking deck. It had been a long day and even though I had the pleasure of showing myself off, I felt like I needed more. I texted Mike and told him I was going to unbutton my dress and drive home feeling free. I was not surprised by his request that I take pictures. 

I began unbuttoning it and by the time I got to my car my dress was completely open. I got into the car and left the parking deck. I propped my left foot on the dash and started for home. I took my camera phone and flashed a few pictures and sent them to Mike. By the time I got home I was relaxed and content and already thinking about the outfit I will wear tomorrow.


Jury Duty Day 02

I slowly opened my eyes still feeling a bit sleepy. I was looking forward to my second day of jury duty and the alarm had not gone off yet so I lay there rubbing my hand along my belly to my pussy. I thought about the experiences of the day before and immediately became more aroused.

Opening my pussy lips I slipped my finger into my wet pussy, my back arched slightly and I began moving my hips up and down while sliding my finger deeper inside and back out teasing and circling my clit. It felt so good and my pussy was aching to cum, the pressure started building and I started using two fingers. Raising my hips, using my other hand, I slowly pushed a finger into my ass and immediately began climaxing. I panted and moaned feeling my juices shoot out of my pussy and felt it run down my legs and puddle up on the bed beneath me. 

I lay there enjoying the aftermath and feeling the throbbing subside until the need to pee became unbearable. I turned off the alarm and without turning on any lights I walked naked to the bathroom. 

While showering I shaved my legs and trimmed my pussy wanting to feel soft and smooth I rubbed lotion on my breasts enjoying the feeling of my nipples hardening. I20 applied lotion to my belly and legs. I worked my hands up between my thighs and my hand brushed against my pussy. It was so sensitive that I rubbed lotion onto the lips of my pussy. 

I began to dress, putting on a sexy lace push-up bra that barely covered my breasts. I pushed them up as much as I could so that my cleavage was even more pronounced than usually and my nipples were peaking out over the tops of the cups. I did not wear panties and I put on a semi sundress that buttoned up the front. It was a longer type dress and I left the bottom buttons undone. The dress was low cut but I decided to leave the top button undone. 

I slipped on my sandals and looking in the mirror I was pleased with the look. I was ready for my second day of jury duty and hoped that I would be assigned to a case that day. I was already in a good mood but finding the weather absolutely beautiful and sunny made it even more so. 

Driving to the court house the traffic was heavy and I noticed a line of trucks up ahead. I felt my pulse quicken at the thought of exposing myself to the drivers. Flashing truckers is what I consider my first love in the world of exhibitionism. The drivers seem to be more enthusiastic and they do not mind letting you know that they enjoy looking at what you are showing them. I know first hand from my trucker friend and mentor Mike how they feel and was given a greater insight in the world of truckers when he let me go on a road trip with him. 

Driving past the trucks I knew my boobs could be seen and my dress was already unbuttoned enough that my legs were showing. I spread my legs and propped the left one on the dash. I slowly passed them and because traffic was so heavy I even had the opportunity to stop beside one. 

He looked down and I watched a big grin appear on his face. We made eye contact and I felt my body respond. My nipples hardened and tingled and my pussy moistened. Wanting to share the experience I took some pictures with my phone to send to Mike. 

The traffic began moving and I was once again on my way to jury duty.

I parked in the same parking deck as I had the day before and walked the couple of blocks to the court house. I stepped out of the elevator and went into the jury assembly room. I was a little disappointed that I had not been selected as a juror on a trial but the day was still early.

Looking around the room which was not nearly as crowded as it had been the day before, I was excited to see that the crowd consisted of a lot of men. I enjoyed walking past them as they glanced my way. I noticed a few watching me and it was gratifying. I chose a seat in the same area as before. 

I sat down looking around the room and continued to watch people arrive. I noticed two men who seemed to be in a serious conversation walking down the aisle toward me. They took seats across the aisle from me. I do not think they noticed me but I noticed them, especially the one in the end seat. Tall, dark and handsome would be an accurate description of him.

Immediately though they began calling names of potential jurors. Things moved faster than it had the day before. Thirty jurors are called at a time. The procedure consists of being sent to particular court rooms where the process of elimination is used to come up with the twelve needed jurors. The eliminated jurors are sent back to the jury assembly room. 

I sat waiting on my name to be called. Two groups of thirty had been called and the room was only a third full. People were spread out. There was a woman behind me who started a conversation with me. I did not mind because in order to talk to her I had to turn in my seat and this gave me the opportunity to look at the handsome man across the aisle.

The woman's name was called and she got up and left. Glancing down, I noticed my breasts were visible and my unbuttoned dress showed most of my legs which were crossed. The men were still in a conversation and did not seem to notice me so I decided to take some more pictures. I took my phone and snapped a few pictures and sent them to Mike. I don't know whether it was the flash that got their attention but the man across the aisle turned and looked at me. He took in the fact that I was sitting there with the majority of my breasts showing as well as my legs. 

For some reason I did not get the pleasure I normally got from exposing myself. It might have been the fact that it took him so long to notice. Instead of acting shy, I made eye contact with him with a look of nonchalance but at the same time I did not hide what was already visible to him. Another group of names were called and one of them had to leave and the other one stood and left the room.

I noticed the same guy from the day before (the one who sat across the aisle and up a couple of rows from me) walk down the aisle toward me. This time he sat in one of the seats just vacated. He glanced over at me and nodded. At that time several people who had been eliminated that morning walked back into the assembly room. The woman who had talked to me that morning returned and took her same seat behind me. I did not mind turning to talk to her this time because I knew it would be a perfect opportunity to tease the guy across the aisle.

Turning in my seat to talk, I leaned forward letting my breasts almost spill out over top of my dress, I glanced through my eyelashes to the guy who very obviously was staring and began talking to Gwen who had already introduced herself to me. I crossed my legs and my dress fell open exposing the length on my legs. 

My nipples became hard and erect and I felt myself getting turned on while watching him watch me. I heard Gwen talking to me but would hate to have to repeat what she said. I felt the pleasant tingling in my pussy and knew I was wet. I kept leaning forward letting him look down my dress and would cross and uncross my legs. 

An announcement was made and we were let out for lunch. We stood at the same time and I was surprised to see that instead of leaving he was also going toward the break room in the back. There are chairs and tables there and I sat at a table and he sat at a table across the room where I knew he would have the perfect view of my pussy. The only other people were sitting on a sofa facing a TV on the wall. 

I pretended to be reading a book I had brought with me. Watching him through my eyelashes I let my legs part. I unbuttoned a couple more of the bottom buttons and my dress draped open while I watched his eyes widen when I rubbed my hand along my thighs and then over my mound. I parted my pussy lips with my fingers while sliding my finger deep inside of me and could not believe how wet I was. I almost groaned with pleasure. I discreetly began sliding it in and out. My juices were flowing and I know the back of my dress was getting wet.

I set my book down on the table and pretended to keep reading it and using my other hand I rubbed and teased my clit while I slid two fingers in and out of me faster. I knew I was about to cum and I moved my hips back and forth and fucked myself fa ster as the pressure started building. I couldn't stop myself and I bit my lip so hard I thought it would bleed when wave after wave of orgasm floods my senses as I quietly panted. Still looking down at my book I waited for my climax to subside. Glancing up at him our eyes met and he had a look on his face that said he could not believe what he had just seen. 

Suddenly I was jolted back to the real world when other people began coming into the break room with food they had gone out and gotten. I took the opportunity to stand up and go to the restroom. I did not go back into the break room but sat down in the jury room seat instead. 

After lunch my name was called and I lined up with the other 29 potential jurors and was led to the court room. The crime was explained to us and we were asked the questions used to determine who to eliminate. The crime itself was case against a man accused of stealing a hand gun from a firing range where he worked. I was selected to sit on the jury. 

The defendant's attorney asked to talk to the judge in her chambers. We sat there for a good 30 minutes when the judge came out and informed us that the case was settled and the attorneys had come to a plea bargain. We were also told that we were released from jury duty for the remainder of the week and free to go.

I walked to the parking deck marveling over criminal justice and once again started unbutto ning the buttons down the front of my dress. By the time I got to my car there was only one button holding my dress together. 

I drove home without any other opportunity to expose myself in public but felt that overall the day had been extremely satisfying. 


