Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 13: Gerard

Brad felt his phone buzz and he answered.

“Yep, be right there.” Brad said and stood up.

“Be right back.” Brad said and Aaron nodded.

Aaron was gazing at the two beautiful creatures sleeping a few feet from him. He had fucked Katie so many times he last track but all he could think about right now was that cute little face looking up at him from his front seat while his fingers slid through her 14-yr-old pussy. He wondered if she was a witch, how could a little white girl have so much power over a grown black man?

“Aaron, sweetheart, it has been too long since I have laid eyes on that beautiful body of yours.” Aaron heard a voice and saw Gerard walking up.

“Hello, Gerard.” Aaron said.

“How are you, you big piece of yummy chocolate.” Gerard said and Aaron heard Brad laugh.

“I am fine Gerard, how are you?” Aaron said.

“Wonderful, today is turning out to be a wonderful day. I get a call to come over and rub my hands over two of the loveliest creatures I have ever seen, and I find you here as well. I may as well be in heaven.” Gerard said.

“Then welcome to heaven.” Aaron said and held up his beer.

Gerard laughed and then walked over and looked at the two sleeping girls. He raised his hand to his mouth and was amazed at the perfection of them. One, a bonafide sexpot with a body that could handle any man and spit them back out and one a pure, innocent little flower that had no idea the impact she had on the people around her. She was like sweet nectar for the world, and everyone wanted a taste. He looked at that little body and wondered what she would be like in 5 years, probably anything she wanted most likely.

He walked back over to the table. Brad offered him a beer and he sat down.

“They are precious. Do you need anything specific?” Gerard said.

“Madison ran a race yesterday and she is awfully sore, legs and shoulders. Katie just loves you to touch her, so you know what she likes.” Brad said.

“I can do that.” Gerard said and they drank beer and laughed for a little while.

Madison opened her eyes and she heard voices. She looked over and saw Gerard sitting and talking to Mr. Thompson and Aaron. What was he doing here? She was happy to see him, though. He made her smile. She got up and walked over.

Gerard felt a presence and turned his head to see a vison in a yellow bikini.

“Hello, sweet girl, I am so happy that Mr. Thompson called me if it means I get to see you again.” He said.

“It is nice to see you again, I am glad you are here.” Madison said.

“They tell me you have issues, little one. Legs and shoulders?” He said.

“Oh yes, I am really sore. I did good yesterday and I think you helped with that, my legs and feet felt great during the race.” She said.

“I am glad that I could help, maybe we need to have you in before every race.” Gerard said and looked at Brad.

“I think we could arrange that.” Brad said.

“Thank you, Mr. Thompson, you have been too sweet to me.” She said.

“Well, baby girl, let’s get to work on this pretty little body.” Gerard said and wrapped his arm around her waist.

Gerard stood and led her over to the lounge. She sat and he sat next to him.

“Why don’t you start on your belly, I will start working on these legs first.” He said and she laid down.

He looked at that little butt, that was going to be in many people’s dreams for years to come. He pulled one of her legs up into his lap. He squirted some oil into his hand and started to work on a cute foot. He loved these house calls; he could take his time and he didn’t have to worry about silly protocols. It ended up better for the client and he was able to do more to make them feel better. He worked his fingers between those little toes, and he got his first moan from her.

Madison decided she loved having her feet rubbed. This was only the second time in her life she has had it done but it was now officially one of her favorite things. He pulled gently on all of her toes and now he was rubbing her entire foot in his hand. God, that felt good. He rubbed her heel and then her whole foot again. She was feeling better already.

Gerard loved her little feet; they were perfect, and he loved working on perfect feet. He looked over at Katie and her perfect feet. It was definitely going to be a great day. He rubbed her whole foot and moved to her calf. This was where he could tell he had an athlete. Her calf muscle was very developed, but he could tell it was tight. He dug into the muscle and he got another moan. He worked until he felt the muscle loosen up and he shifted back a little and started on her thigh.

Madison was in heaven; his hands were magic. He worked on her sore calf and it felt like it was never sore when he finished, magic. Now he was moving those warm hands around her thigh. His fingers were warm, and they felt great as they ran up and down her thigh. He finished and started on her other foot. More magic.

Gerard was amazed again at how powerful her hamstring and quad muscles were. He had felt power like that before but never in one so young. She was special. He started on the other foot and leg. He finished the other powerful thigh and set her leg down. He stepped to the end of the lounge, sat down, and took a foot in each hand. He rubbed her feet and then slid up to her calves, getting on his knees to get leverage as he pushed her down into the lounge. He felt the muscles respond under the pressure. He climbed up on the lounge and moved his hands up to those amazing thighs. He sat on her legs and worked on the hamstrings from above.

Madison felt him grab both of her feet and then move to her calves. Her body was responding to his hands and she felt her power returning. He was now sitting on her legs and working hard on her hamstrings, he was digging deep, and it felt great. She felt him loosen her bottoms and pull them off. He moved his fingers up and started massaging her butt. She had never felt anyone work that muscle before but that felt great as well.

Gerard finished those great hamstrings and pulled off her suit bottoms. No protocols, he loved it. He started on her glutes and dug deep into her firm little butt. He got another moan from her. He got some more oil and started to work her lower back, running his hands down her back and over her butt with each stroke. He moved up and sat on her lower back to start working her upper back and shoulders. He untied her top and dropped it on the ground. Her skin was flawless, and he moved to her strong shoulders.

Madison felt him rub her back and then run his hands down her back and across her butt. She had never felt anything like that, and it was amazing. She heard herself moan. He was now sitting on her lower back and she thought he took off her top, but her mind was foggy with the feelings she was getting from those wonderful hands. He was now rubbing her sore shoulders.

Gerard got up and moved to the other end of the lounge, looking down at her pretty head and that gorgeous hair. He knelt down and reached over and started at her lower back and ran his hands up her back to her shoulders. He was a master of the long stroke and his clients loved it; this beautiful little creature was no exception. He took her arms and pulled them towards him, stretching her shoulders. He left the arms next to his side and rubbed into her sore shoulder muscles. He heard another moan, and he knew he had hit a sweet spot.

“Baby girl, you need to flip over now for me.” He said and moved her arms back to her sides.

She flipped over and he gasped, her body was magnificent. Her boobs looked large on her little frame and they stood straight up off her chest, capped by perfect pink nipples. Her stomach was tight and firm, and her waist was perfect as it flared out into her wonderful hips. Her little pussy was smooth and perfect. She was a goddess and only 14. He shook his head and pulled her arm over her head again and started to work her shoulders from this angle.

Madison felt herself floating under this man’s touch. She wished he would touch her forever, this felt so good she did not want it to ever end. He was working on her shoulders again now that she was laying on her back. She felt his hands start at her shoulders and run down her sides. His touch was so soft and made her skin tingle.

Gerard got some more oil and slid his hands down her sides, bringing them back against her breasts. He saw them move under his pressure and it was beautiful. He worked on her pectoral muscles over those perfect boobs and then ran his hands over them to get to her sides and then back to her shoulders. Her breasts shined now with the oil and her little nipples were sticking up. Wonderful sight.

Madison felt his warm hands on her upper chest, she never realized that was a muscle until he was working it. His hands moved over her boobs and ran down her sides, she felt her nipples rub on his hands as they passed over. She felt him move and then he was working on her legs again. He lifted her left leg and placed it on his lap. He was rubbing her thigh and it felt so good.

Gerard was now sitting and had her wonderful leg over his lap, he looked down and saw her young pussy open like a flower. He saw the prefect lips and the moist pink inside. She looked delicious. He rubbed all around that strong thigh and felt her power. This was one of those times that protocols got in the way, he could really get to the hamstring and quad from this position, but the stuffy lawyers had a problem with him spreading out a client like this. He looked down again and thought if they saw this, they would make an exception.

Madison felt her leg move and then he was really working her thigh. He then moved to her calf and then back to her feet. He was sitting at the end of the lounge massaging her foot and she felt her eyes roll up in the back of her head. He worked her other leg and then he laid her legs down and she felt him at the end of the lounge. She opened her eyes, and he was smiling at her. He leaned over and kissed her toes.

“How do you feel now, sweetheart?” He asked.

“Wonderful, can you do that to me every day. You are amazing, I love you.” Madison said in a soft voice and Gerard laughed.

“Baby, I would love to touch this prefect little body every day, but we will have to settle for weekly right now I am afraid. But you will come see Gerard every Friday, right?” he said.

“Oh God, I hope so.” She said in a hopeful voice.

“You rest now baby, let me work on Miss Katie.” He said and she smiled and closed her eyes.

Gerard moved away from the little flower to the sexpot. Katie was looking at him and she had already taken off her suit. He loved her, she was just sexual energy and he found it refreshing after working on so many prudes. He sat on the end of her lounge and started on those perfect little feet. She moaned and he smiled.

Aaron and Brad were struggling as their pants were suddenly very uncomfortable as they watched Gerard manipulate Madison ‘s body. It had to be one of the most erotic massages ever without being sexual. Now she was laying on her back sleeping and her body was shining with the oil.

“That is so fucking hot I may blast my shorts just sitting here.” Aaron said.

“My friend that may actually be an understatement, I have no words to describe what we just saw.” Brad said.

“You are right, even fucking hot just doesn’t cut it. Look at her, have you seen anything so hot ever?” Aaron said as he stared at the young body slick with oil.

“Nope, and that is saying something since I live with Katie.” Brad said.

They watched Gerard work on Katie totally different than Madison, he was running his hands up her legs and then up her inner thighs and then over her stomach to her breasts. He was spreading oil all over her and her hips would lift as he passed her pussy. Aaron and Brad’s pants got a little tighter. Then they saw him move his hands down over her stomach and to her thighs, spreading her wide open. He bent over and they saw him lick up her pussy slowly and then kiss her clit and Katie lurched off the lounge. Gerard sat up and held her legs to his sides as she convulsed on the lounge.

Aaron and Brad got another beer and thought about pouring it over their heads. They watched Katie finish her orgasm and then Gerard laid her legs down and ran his up and down her body slowly one last time. They saw her relax as he finished. Gerard got off of the lounge and walked over to the table. He picked up his beer and took a long drink.

“Gentlemen, my work here is done. Your little flower will feel much better when she wakes up and your hot little wife will feel better when she stops shaking.” Gerard said and smiled.

“Thank you, Gerard, yes, I will make sure Madison sees you the day before every race. She has another one this weekend so we will see you on Friday.” Brad said and Gerard clapped his hands.

“Thank you, Mr. Brad, and I am willing to come over here anytime you need me to work on these two creatures, especially if I get to see this hunk of chocolate.” Gerard said.

“I love you too Gerard.” Aaron said and toasted him with his beer.

“I will see you two fellows later.” Gerard said and walked away.

Brad and Aaron drank their beer and looked at the two girls sleeping. They were both naked, their bodies glistening with oil and they both agreed it was pretty much the hottest thing they had ever seen. Brad got his phone and stepped over in front of them. He took a few pictures of this scene and he saw Katie smiling at him. He put his phone in his pocket and sat down.

“How do you feel?” Brad said.

“Just like every time Gerard gets a hold of me, I feel like I have been fucked hard by twenty guys and it feels so great. He is a fucking genius.” She said.

“I hope she doesn’t feel like that.” Brad said.

Katie laughed and looked at Madison. Her body looked so nice as it was glowing with oil as she slept.

“She is so fucking pretty; it should be illegal.” She said.

“Yeah, that is a nice sight. My pants have been saying that for the last hour.” Brad said.

“Oh, my poor baby. You must be in pain.” She said and sat up.

She opened his pants and pulled out his cock. He shifted on the lounge and she bent over and swallowed him. She ran her mouth up and down the length and flipped her tongue over the head. Brad was now laying across the lounge as his wife used her amazing mouth on him. She ran her tongue up the shaft slowly and then slid her mouth over him, smashing into his crotch as she swallowed him. He groaned and grabbed her head. She pulled back slowly and grabbed him with her hand. She hesitated on the head and sucked him.

Katie felt him getting close and she flicked her tongue under the head and sucked him gently. She felt his first blast hit her tongue and she held him in her mouth. He fired another large load and she swallowed. He dribbled more and then she sucked him completely in her mouth as he softened. She swallowed again and licked his cock clean. She pulled off and smiled at him.

“You are so good at that.” He mumbled.

“Thank you, my prince.” She said and leaned back.

He snapped his pants and walked back to the table. He sat down and took a massive drink of beer.

“Fuck you!” Aaron said and Brad laughed.

Katie leaned back and took a deep breath, she always felt so good after Gerard worked on her. She turned her head and saw Madison looking at her.

“That looked like it made Mr. Thompson really happy. What does it feel like to him?” Madison said.

“You know how it feels when I do that thing you like?” Katie said.

“Oh, yes. Does it feel like that for them?” Madison said.

“Yes, very much like that.” Katie said.

“Oh my. Can you show me how to do that?” Madison said.

“Are you sure baby girl?” Katie said.

“Yes, you and Mr. Thompson have been so nice to me. I know how to make you happy; I want to make him happy too.” Madison said.

Katie looked at the young girl laying naked on a lounge in her backyard. How did someone look like she did right now and still maintain a purity? She even made a blowjob seem like an act of kindness. She smiled and Madison smiled back.

“Well, Mr. Thompson will be out of commission for a little while.” Katie said and Madison looked over at the table.

“Well, I want to make Aaron happy too, he has been very nice to me. Do you think he would like me to do that to him?” Madison said and Katie laughed.

Madison felt sad as Katie laughed at her. She must have said something stupid. Katie saw the girl’s face and sat up and turned to face her.

“Baby, I am sorry, I was not laughing at you. I was laughing because Aaron would like nothing better in the world than for you to do that.” Katie said.

“Really?” Madison said and her smile returned.

“Oh yes, baby, very much.” Katie said.

“Can you ask him?” Madison said and Katie nodded.

“Aaron, can you come over here?” Katie said and she saw him get up and walk over.

“Yes, Miss Katie?” Aaron said.

“Aaron, I need you to do something for me.” Katie said.

“Yes, what do you need?” Aaron said.

“Well, it seems that Madison watched me help out Brad and wants to learn how to do that. Would you mind if she practiced on you?” Katie said and watched his face almost turn white.

“Oh fuck, are you sure?” Aaron said and looked at Madison. She nodded.

“Ok honey, the first thing you have to do is help them as most guys are stunned like this when they realize what is happening.” Katie said and pulled Madison up to her knees on the lounge.

Katie took her hand and put it on Aaron’s shorts.

“Now you have to help him get these off.” Katie said and pulled his shorts down slightly.

Madison put her hands on Aaron’s shorts and pulled them down and they slid down to the ground. She looked up and saw what looked like an alien thing. It was very black and sticking straight out. Katie took her hand and put it on him. The skin felt hard and very warm.

“Now put both hands on it.” Katie said and Madison put her other hand on the massive alien thing.

She felt like she could feel his heartbeat, it was throbbing. She could not get her hand around it, it felt massive in her little hands. Katie put her hands over hers and started moving them up and down slowly. Madison heard Aaron groan and she looked up. He was looking down and his face looked like he was in pain.

“Are you ok?” Madison asked as Katie moved her hands away and she continued to move hers up and down him.

“Oh, yes.” Aaron said.

“Is this right?” Madison asked Katie.

“Yes, baby, now move one of your hands down and hold his balls. Be gentle.” Katie said and moved her hand down.

Madison felt them and they were very hairy, and the skin was rough. She held them gently. He groaned again. She looked up at him as she moved her hand up and down slowly and gently squeezed his balls.

“Now honey, move closer and kiss the head softly. Like you kiss me.” Katie said.

Madison moved closer and the head was big and smooth, the skin looked different than the rest. It looked almost like it was swollen. She moved her lips forward and kissed it, she slipped her tongue out like she did with Katie and licked it gently. She heard him make a weird sound. She moved her mouth off and looked up and his face looked strange. She felt his thing pulse and she felt something hit her chin. She looked back down and saw something white fly out and hit her forehead. She pulled back but held on as another hit her cheek. He was making weird noises and the white stuff kept flying onto her face.

Aaron could not believe it when he saw her little hands on his cock. He loved seeing that and then she took his balls in her hand and looked up at him. Oh God, she was pretty and even more so with her little white hand on his cock and her other hand holding his balls. He was staying in control until he felt her lips on his cock. Then she slipped that little tongue out and he lost control. He looked down and saw his load hit her in the chin, then the forehead, and then the cheek. He saw her pretty face covered in his cum and he blasted another load.

Madison felt him getting softer, but she kept moving her hand. She looked at Katie.

“Did I do something wrong?” Madison said.

“No, baby girl, you did great. Now take him in your mouth as far as you can.” Katie said.

Madison leaned forward and sucked him into her mouth, it went in easily now that it was softer. She felt it fill her mouth and she sucked on it with her cheeks.

“Now pull off slowly.” Katie said.

Madison pulled off slowly and she felt him sliding through her mouth. She felt him leave and she kissed the head again.

“Why did it get soft?” Madison said and Katie chuckled.

“It gets that way when they are done.” Katie said.

“Why did it go so much faster than when you did it?” Madison asked.

“Oh baby, we have so much to talk about. You can let him go now.” Katie said.

“Oh, I am sorry. Aaron.” She said and pulled her hands off and looked up at him.

He pulled up his shorts and stumbled back to the table. He sat on the chair and grabbed his beer.

“Fuck you more.” Brad said.

Katie looked at Madison with cum dripping off her face and thought she had never seen anything so precious.

“Katie, I am sorry, is he ok?” Madison said and looked over to the table.

“Baby, he is great, and you did awesome.” Katie said.

“I don’t understand.” She said.

Katie reached over and wiped some cum off her cheek. She licked it off her finger.

“Taste it.” Katie said.

Madison wiped some off her chin and licked her finger. It tasted weird, like slimy but not horrible.

“How is it?” Katie said and wiped more off her cheek.

“It has a weird consistency; it is not bad.” Madison said.

“They like it if you can take it in your mouth and swallow it.” Katie said.

“Why did he get it all over my face?” She asked.

“Actually baby, you were too good at it. He finished way quicker than he usually does.” Katie said.

“Have you done that to Aaron before?” Madison said.

“Yes.” Katie said.

“So, he lasts longer when you do it?” Madison said.

“Usually, but he loves you so much and he has been waiting so long for that, and you did really good. All of that got him very excited and he finished really quick. Next time you can try and keep him in your mouth and then you can keep it in your mouth and try to swallow it.” Katie said.

“There was a lot, what if I can’t swallow all of it?” Madison said.

“Baby, actually you are overthinking it. Believe me when I tell you that you were great. You treated him gently and like you loved him and that is all you need to do.” Katie said.

“Do you think he will let me practice more?” Madison said and Katie laughed again. Madison smiled this time.

“I guess that was a stupid question, huh?” Madison said and Katie nodded.


