Jackie's Rules
by Dreming_Alice_

Jackie's Rules Pt. 04

Jackie gets more rules and studies hard.

Jackie sat playing with her noodles. After her sleep, the post orgasm high gone and a sense of listlessness filled her. She didn't have the motivation to go and do anything this afternoon, she needed shopping, and she should do some reading for School, but her motivation wasn't there. She was about to climb back in bed and go to sleep, but sent a simple message to Alice.

"Hey."

A minute later Alice strode into Jackie's room.

"Hey Yourself."

Despite herself Jackie's lip curled into a half smile.

"This must be serious." Alice continued. "You haven't even showered from this morning. Or does it turn you on to be a total wreck around me?"

'It does a little" Jackie replied, unbelieving of her own honesty. "But that's not why... I just can't motivate myself Alice. I think I need you to control more."

"OK. That confirms my suspicion actually." Alice surprised Jackie. "You're like a dude, when you cum your brain turns to mush. You're no good to anyone and certainly not productive like you want to be."

Jackie listened, shocked but unable to contradict Alice's assessment.

"You want more rules, let's start with a few around orgasms. I think it will help us both." Alice didn't manage to completely hide Her wicked grin as she said that, but it seemed to go unnoticed.

"Firstly, no orgasms during the week."

"Secondly, no orgasms without my verbal permission, if I am not around, you must call me."

"Thirdly no orgasms inside the apartment building. They have to be elsewhere."

Jackie thought this was harsh, but couldn't fault the logic, maybe she needed a wake up call, maybe harsh was good. She nodded.

Alice was pleased. Jackie was much more pliant when she was turned on, much more willing to follow her every command. She had to remember the rules were the key to her plaything. She'd maintain her state of arousal and drip feed her new rules, giving her the dopamine rush instead of sexual release. Next time she did cum, she'd earn it.

They sat side by side and Alice waited patiently for Jackie to finish the food in front of her; Knowing full well that she was only wearing a t shirt and that this combined with her unkempt hair, the dry sweat and grool covering her, as well as Alice's new markings would be slowly winding her up. Being such a mess next to Alice, who'd showered and even put on a face of makeup would humiliate her, but ultimately would fuel her submissive spirit.

She was motivating Jackie without lifting a finger, knowing full well that the next thing she asked, she would jump at the chance, but reigning herself in she settled for study session. She'd add her own flare of course and definitely add some permanent rules along the way...

20 minutes later, Jackie was sat at her desk, astride her largest suction dildo. This was to be a permanent fixture on her chair, which had made her blush. She spent a lot of time at her desk, between studying and playing computer games with her friends. She'd be stuffed with the dildo a lot. In addition to this, her thong was around her ankles, seemingly Alice's favourite place for underwear. This was also a new rule, any time Jackie was studying anywhere, this is where they were going to be. The possibilities had excited Alice as she thought about it.

Jackie had an open text book and her binder to the side. Alice was having her stop to write out rules as she dictated them. To Jackie's surprise, she was managing to focus on her studies well enough to take the information in. Alice was foremost in her mind though.

"During classes you will always wear a butt plug."

"You will not wear panties and a butt plug at the same time."

"Your home uniform must be worn at all times in our dorm rooms except sleeping. This will be the exact thong you're wearing, the over knee socks we've been using and the neck tie. Whenever you wash the outfit, you must remain naked and not dress at all until it is dry."

"What about if I need to go out while I wash it?" Jackie queried.

"No, you'll have to pick your timing." Alice confirmed instantly.

Jackie gulped. The laundry room was at the opposite end of the building. At least it was on the same floor.

"Yes Ma'am."

Alice stayed for a while longer and then left Jackie to concentrate, she would check on her later...

Three hours later, when Alice returned, Jackie hadn't moved.

She was now grinding the dildo in what looked to Alice like a trance, but to all intents and purposes, still seemed to be paying attention to her text book.

As she touched her shoulder, the near naked girl moaned softly.

"Hello horny girl, it seems like you've had a productive afternoon."

Jackie looked up and grinned sheepishly. The whole thing had been intoxicating. The constant tingle from being filled by the dildo, the dopamine rush from finishing each chapter whilst following so many rules and considering her new ones. It had been a self-perpetuating near perfect storm, she'd blazed ahead in her study and more importantly in Alice's eyes made herself a wet mess once again.

To Jackie's horror when she stood up, there was a puddle on her desk chair. However, so as not to draw attention she didn't move to wipe it up, just pushed the chair in, dildo and all. Pulling up her thong to wet lips made her acutely aware of her own state of arousal.

"3 hours is a long time for continuous study Jackie, well done." Alice commended her "Perhaps we could build some positive reinforcement long with making you take some breaks to stay fresh."

Jackie looked at her warily.

"Don't worry she laughed, I was just going to add a small rule... Every hour of study should be rewarded with one edge. To be completed before study continues."

"W.. What about my last 3 hours?" Jackie flushed as she asked.

"You're right. " Alice cooed. "You should edge for me 3 times right now.

Jackie flushed further.

"Strip first and climb in your bed. " Alice maintained her momentum.

"Yes Ma'am' Jackie replied, strangely embarrassed.

Perhaps it was because it was her room, her private space, or perhaps it was her current mindset, but this felt like it was going to be very intimate. Masturbating in front of her new friend as a reward for following her rules. If it had been a demand she may have refused, but as it was part of her rules it changed how she perceived it. In her mind it was justified, she was to do this as much as to comply with her rule set as for pleasure.

It felt ridiculous, surely Alice couldn't just say anything was a rule, and she would mindlessly follow. Would she..?

Jackie only came back from her own thoughts as she neared her first edge, a mixture of the building need for release and Alice grabbing her free hand pulling her from her intersection.

"Hold the edge for 30 seconds Jackie"

She didn't reply, just nodded, closed her eyes and concentrated on the movement of her hand, her flat fingers dancing around her folds, grazing her clit with every small rotation as she built speed. Keeping the pressure light was tantalizing, her clitoris was thoroughly exposed, meaning she didn't have to search, it would be brushed at random intervals sending a jolt of re ewes pleasure to add to the growing and almost overwhelming pull of an orgasm. Jackie bit her lip and began to count down from 30 in her head...

Nearing 10, she was biting her lip hard, sweating and squeezing Alice's hand hard. Holding release back with a sheer force of will. She hadn't held an edge like this before, she always came, so hitting zero was an achievement. She continued to hold Alice's supportive hand and breathed deeply. The rescinding orgasm not as much of a disappointment as she'd feared and the rush of completing part of another rule made her sigh contentedly...

Minutes later Alice squeezed her hand. "2 more to go..."

Jackie melted as she ran a single finger between her slick lips, the pad of her finger finding her oversensitive nub...

"Yes Ma'am"


Jackie's Rules Pt. 05

Monday.

Jackie rolled out of bed in Monday feeling fresh considering the hour. 05:30 was a time she had picked originally, but like it or not it was a rule now. It made her feel good to wake up with it. Next she made her bed, Bother ad hoc rule she had been given by Alice, letting the morning routine fill her with pride.

Walking to her significantly emptier clothing drawers she pulled out a sports bra and a vest top. Looking at her options she then opted for compression shorts and a pair of running shorts over them. Since Alice had reduced her panties down to thongs or skimpier she had been struggling with chafing on her morning jogs. Better to go without she decided.

She dressed except for her shoes and socks, then sent Alice a Selfie. "My Outfit Ma'am"

Waiting a few moments, she wasn't disappointed. "That's acceptable, good girl." was Alice's reply.

Her heart was lifted from the praise, and she felt ready to take on the world as she stepped out of her door, stepping into her sneakers. Even the small rule of no shoes in her room was a delight to follow.

Once outside, Jackie found a steady rhythm and her mind began to wander. All she had thought about last night masturbating in front of Alice. How humiliating it was, how hard it had been, how good it felt. It had started as an internal conflict on whether she should have, but now this morning all she was left with was a burning need for more. She was now flushed red, not from her run, but from the humiliation of the new realization...

She started to fantasize about masturbating next time Alice visited, how she could be in bed and pretend to not have seen her. How Alice would come over and take her hand again, their eyes locking before Alice resumed watching. Watching for an eternity as Jackie squirmed and held back from cumming, until she whispered in her ear "Cum for me".

Despite this being a daydream. Jackie's whole body shuddered. Was she this much of a slut before, or was it Alice's influence; and why did she enjoy it does much?

She rounded the corner towards home and tried to concentrate on keeping her pace until the end. Drenched with sweat, she couldn't help but notice another wetness, between her thighs, further adding to her internal humiliation.

She walked up the stairs, removed her shoes, entered her room, threw her clothes down and headed straight for the shower. Her hands on her body feeling electric. Lingering more than necessary around her glistening pussy...

Alice entered the room and heard moaning from the shower. Grinning to herself she looked around. Her eyes instantly drawn to the pile of discarded clothes. As she picked them up she couldn't help but notice the rather wet crotch of the compression shorts. She broke into another self-satisfied smile.

Walking to Jackie's drawers. She hunted out and made a pile of all the compression shorts. Making a nest pile just in time for Jackie to enter the room. Her stunning naked body giving Alice pause before she began what she had planned to say. "You've ruined these shorts on you run horny girl..." she began. "I'm confiscating the rest, so they don't suffer the same fate."

Jackie's whole body flushed again. Her pussy felt like it may have even twitched. Alice had called her out on her arousal for one, but secondly she had taken away the last semblance of underwear she could wear during a run. She'd have to just wear her shorts and the thought made her wetter still.

"Yes Ma'am. Thank You"

Alice smiled "Let's get you dressed."

Jackie smiled in return.

She dressed Jackie in a sweater, with no bra, a thong, jeans and sensible wedged heels. As Jackie left she felt like she'd got off lightly, despite her rather exposed feeling tits.

They chatted for a while, then Jackie headed out early to walk to class. She wanted to enjoy the fresh morning.

Walking to class she started to mull over her new rules. Her Uniform wasn't really new, but it was embarrassing to think about, her dildo was still fixed to her chair a permanent tribute to her "submission?". Then there were the new rule for lessons, she had to be plugged. "Fuck!!" the plug!

She didn't have it. Jackie yanked off her heels, turned round a raced back to her room. Clattering up the stairs, she raced into her room, found the plug and slammed the door behind her.

All the time Jackie had gained by setting off early had gone, meaning she had to maintain her jogging pace all the way back to campus. Ducking into the first bathroom she found, slightly out of breath. She locked herself in a stall pulled her jeans and panties down around her thighs and fished in her bag for her plug and some lube. The plug came to hand easily, it was her largest and favourite one, she picked it because it was a comfortable silicone number and it was the first one to hand. With the time pressure now, she slightly regretted the choice.

As Jackie continued to rummage in her bag, panic rose. She didn't have lubed with her! What could she do, she could go to class now, be on time and not wear the plug, but that would be breaking a rule! If she went home for lube she'd miss half the class, and she wanted a good grade in math. She loved the subject already, but she also really wanted to impress the Professor. She was so passionate and engaging.

Reaching between her legs she found the only solution she could live with. Without any more thought, her fingers delved deep into her already moist pussy, clawing for her g spot, wanting to soak her hand in the juices she knew would come. She worked hard as the minutes ticked by, someone entered the bathroom, and she was conscious of the wet noise that he was starting to make, she tried to hold her nerve and continued as quietly as possible. Just as they were leaving she decided her hand felt wet enough...

Up until now, she had been standing with an arched back and using the cistern to support her weight on one hand. She now realised she would need both hands to be wet. Pulling her jeans round her ankles she dropped to her knees. Her head dropping to the floor and her forehead met the cold hard floor.

Trying to push the humiliation to the back of her mind, Jackie moved her wet hand to her fully presented asshole. Immediately replacing it with her off hand to utilize her wet hole for more lubricant. Now practically naked from the waist down on her knees in the bathroom, Jackie was fingering her ass and her pussy simultaneously. She felt like a total whore. This just served to further fuel her arousal.

Her second hand was soon as soaked with her own grool as the first. Pulling the plug out with her newly slickened hand she coated it as good as possible. Before reaching behind her and beginning to ease it in. At this point, she couldn't help herself, swapping her clean hand back to her pussy, she began to rub her clit, working her fingers round in a tantalizing rhythm. She was properly sweating now, between her jog and writhing in the bathroom floor she was a mess. Her simple sweater starting to cling to her more than she'd like.

Minutes passed and just as Jackie felt her ass loosen enough for the plug, she felt an orgasm building deep within her. She knew she couldn't cum, but quickened her pace anyway, sliding the plug fully in just as she reached a hard edge, a long guttural moan escaping her without notice. As she tried to pull herself back together and dress she said a silent prayer that no one was around to hear her animalistic cry.

Remembering a final rule (No panties whilst wearing a plug), She pulled her jeans off and her thong followed. Then she wrestled them back on, followed by her wedges and rushed out of the stall, pausing only to wash her hands of quickly.

She walked out into a thankfully empty hallway and set off at a brusque pace for class. Bursting in the door to see everyone taking their seats. Despite technically being in time, all heads turned to look at the girl who had just barged in the room. Already red, Jackie's skin began to glow with embarrassment as she walked shyly to an empty row. She didn't want to be net anyone, she almost certainly stank of sex.

Jackie tried hard to concentrate on class, but her mind kept pulling her back to the bathroom stall. Was this too much, she's been reduced to a horny wreck even without Alice's direct intervention, or was this exactly what she needed. Something to keep her motivated through each day. She forced it to the back of her mind for later...

Having managed to Focus up for the remainder of her math class, Jackie was keen to leave and clean herself up somewhat before her next class. She only had five minutes, so needed to hurry.

"One moment Jackie" hearing Miss Carlson's voice stopped Jackie in her tracks, something that would have made her happy most days now filled her with dread. She turned and slowly approached the desk, trying to keep a distance, so that the Professor she admired didn't smell her sex, or see her protruding nipples through her sweater.

"It's not like you to be late to class. Is everything OK?" her voice was filled with genuine concern which filled Jackie with guilt, if only she knew. She began to flush.

"N.. No Ma'am, I just had a hectic morning."

Ms. Carlson didn't look convinced. "And you usually sit at the front of my class, you were way in back today. Are you still enjoying math?"

Jackie was distraught. She loved math! She didn't realise that Ms. Carlson even knew her by name and now she was finding out by being admonished. She felt terrible.

"No Ma'am, I love your classes, It won't happen again." Jackie could feel herself reddening with shame.

"Good. I'd like you to be punctual t the least going forward. I think you will do well as long as you focus."

Jackie was elated despite the situation. "Yes, of course. Thank you, Ma'am!" she said more enthusiastically than she meant to.

"OK, on you go" Miss Carlson gave Jackie her leave and went back to her work.

Pulling out her phone Jackie tapped out a message as she strode out to her next class. "Can we please add it to the rules that I am never late for class and always sit at the front of Ms. Carlson's class?"

Alice pondered the new development. "Of course, do you like Ms. Carlson?" she didn't remember the Professor being especially attractive.

"Not in that way!"

"She's just a good teacher and called me out on being late today..."

"But you were early?" Alice remembered Jackie leaving early, leaving her with more time to herself that morning...

After explaining the events from before class, Jackie was red from embarrassment, despite it only being via text message. She now didn't have time to go to the bathroom and so walked straight into her next class, on time and sat out of the way again.

Alice continued their conversation.

"Maybe you should have carried on masturbating in Miss Carlson's class."

"None of your class mates aware of what a naughty slut you were being, but maybe she'd see you and wonder whether you were masturbating over her."

Jackie squirmed, Alice was pulling in another thread of her kinky side. Embarrassment majorly turned Jackie on. She was flushing even more.

"Stop it, I'm in class!"

Alice didn't.

"You don't enjoy Psychology, let's make it more interesting..."

"Put your bag on the seat next to you to hide you a little, then undo your top button on your jeans."

"Sneak your hand in and tell me how wet you are."

Jackie felt like she was moving in slow motion as she picked up her bag, carefully positioning it between her and the closest person. She was glad of picking a quiet spot.

Undoing her button and sliding her hand down the front of her jeans, Jackie didn't need to go searching for her wetness, she was still soaked. On confirming this to Alice she tried not to let the embarrassment build inside her.

Alice replied quickly.

"Keep your hand there."

"Stroke your clit, nice slow movements, all the way up along your slit and then curl your finger back to start at the bottom again. Keep the same pace while we talk."

The first pass make Jackie's whole body shudder. Her clit had been rubbing on the seam of her jeans and was now incredibly sensitive. Every touch felt electric. If she carried on like this, she'd lose herself.

"I'm not sure I can do this Alice."

Alice replied "I bet it is hard to stop though."

Flushing further, Jackie tapped out with her free hands "Yes"

A flurry of messages followed, putting Jackie into a state of aroused detachment, it barely felt real.

"Maybe m next time I'll send you in a skirt, so you can lift it right up to play with yourself."

"Your whole class being good students, while you masturbate secretly in the corner."

"If only they knew what a slut you really were."

"My slut"

"Then maybe it would get too much, maybe you'd ask to stop before you cum"

"Maybe I'd let you"

"Or maybe I'd push you towards you your first orgasm after weeks of denial."

"But then that wild be breaking a rule, not doing it at a weekend."

"So you'd have to keep yourself dangerously close to the edge"

"All the while trying not to get caught"

"But that's for another day, you can stop now."

Jackie was conflicted, she almost begged to continue, but caught herself. Alice's words had her hornier than even this morning's events. She was now certain her jeans would have a wet patch, so kept her bag where it was.

Typing slowly and trying to dry her other hand, she settled for "Thank You, Ma'am." before looking up to take in the class. It was only just beginning, despite it feeling like Alice had tormented her forever. Jackie bit her lip and began taking notes.

Both classes were in the morning on Monday, meaning Jackie had the afternoon free, she decided heading home was very much her preferred lunch option. She needed to get out of her jeans, they were now rubbing directly on her already sensitive clit and fueling her arousal as well as leading towards discomfort.

She settled for a slow walk home and contemplated her morning. Despite it being so full on, she felt good, she had overcome and stuck to her rules. She'd also managed to take in a lot in each class, including Psychology, which she usually struggled to maintain focus in.

She guessed she had Alice to thank, but didn't want to give her any ideas about further masturbation class...

Reaching the main door of her building, Jackie remembered her lack of underwear and removed her shoes to be in keeping with her rules, then smiling walked up the stairs to her room.

Throwing off her current outfit and stepping into her thong and long socks, Jackie hunted for her tie, m to complete her uniform. All the while the dildo on her chair reminding her of what her afternoon had in store, she had homework from both classes to complete. Even as she made food for herself, she could practically hear it calling to her. The only question she had in her mind was whether to remove her butt plug. She loved the idea of being so stuffed, but wasn't sure if she could take it.

She thought bout it, then made a little rule for herself. She'd leave decisions like this to chance, flipping a coin, she called heads for staying plugged and waited for it to land…


