How I Got Started
bynakedjessica©

This is the story of how I learned that I was an exhibitionist. Before this I was just a normal girl (what's normal, though, really?) who thought that girls who show too much skin are skanks or sluts and that respectable girls wait for the right time and place. Well, now I guess I've changed my definition of the "right time and place," because I think it's pretty much any time and place. The more public, the better, I say.

I love to turn guys on; that's what really turns me on. I guess I sort of knew that all along, because I've always been a flirt, but this one day at the beach opened my eyes to a whole new world. This is the story of my first time as an exhibitionist - both accidental and on purpose. It's kinda short, but it's true, so I don't wanna mess it up by adding in any fantasy to it. Anyway, here it goes. 

It all started the summer after I graduated high school. I was at the beach with a few friends (three other girls) trying to work on our tans. I was wearing my smallest, sexiest string bikini to try to avoid tan lines. After lying out for a while we went into the ocean. The other girls just cooled off and got back out, but I love the ocean and I stayed in to ride the waves and swim around. The beach was pretty crowded; there were tons of families there and a bunch of kids, too.

I was standing in water up to my waist and facing the beach looking for where my friends were. When I turned around a huge wave hit me head on and knocked me over and I was rolling around under the water. I totally got water up my nose and when I finally stood up I was coughing so much and I was so disoriented that I didn't notice that my boobs were totally hanging out of my bikini. I have 34C boobs so it was pretty noticable to everyone around me. I was just coughing and trying to catch my breath though, so I wasn't even aware that I was exposed.

I stood up and wiped my hair out of my face (I have very long blonde hair), and then I realized that there were all these people staring at me. I saw a mom with a little boy cover his eyes and turn him away. Closest to me was a guy about my dad's age who was just staring at my chest. I thought he was going to start drooling. I put my boobs back in the bikini and started to swim away. I was kind of embarrassed, but I was also kind of turned on. I started thinking about how all those men probably got hard looking at me. I started imagining them jerking of later and thinking about me when they did. It got me very excited. I decided that I liked turning guys on by showing off my body and I wanted to try an experiment.

I got out of the water and walked up to where my friends were. Sitting next to us on the overcrowded beach were two couples with small children. The way they had set up the chairs, the two husbands were facing right at my friends and the wives were facing the ocean. I hadn't noticed before, but now I was convinced they set it up that way to look at me and my friends. I laid down on my blanket face-down with my head pointed towards the two men.

My plan was to see if I would be turned on by showing off for these guys. I laid down and untied my bikini strings which girls do all the time to prevent tan lines. My top was completely untied so I was just lying on the bikini; if I got up I would be topless. I stayed like that for a few minutes and kept peeking at the men nearby. One of them was totally staring at me.

All of a sudden, I pretended to be startled and I picked my head up and pushed myself up on my arms so that my whole upper body was off the ground. My tits were hanging free and bare and swinging back and forth a little. I looked at the man who had been staring at me, but I pretended to be looking at something else (I was wearing sunglasses, so it wasn't too obvious). The guy elbowed his friend and motioned for him to check me out. I LOVED IT! I was so aroused I think I started to get wet. I didn't wanna lay back down. The guys were smiling and I think they knew that I knew that they were enjoying the show. Finally I layed back down and that was the end of my exhibitionism for the day. 

That night I masturbated for hours fantasizing about different ways to expose myself in public. I came harder than I ever came before. I knew that they wouldn't just be fantasies for long. 

Well, that's the story of how I got started. I've had many more (sexier) adventures since then, which I'll write about soon. Hope you liked the story. I'd love to get feedback, but I'm having problems with my email right now. Bye!
