My wifes teasing becomes a mistake 
BY:  nonono69@hotmail.com
 

I first met my wife when she was 17 and a senior in high school. That
was four years ago and we always enjoyed our sex together. When I first
saw her, she had on the shortest skirt in the school and had long blonde
hair that fell to below her waist. She was a real knockout and all the
guys were after her. She loved teasing them and I remember her walking
up the school stairs and she would purposely walk as close to the
railing as possible. Of course this gave every guy a great look up
her skirt. She wore these cute little pink thong undies and the guys
would sort of crowd around the stairs whenever they saw her heading
for them. The only bad thing was she was a tease even on dates.
 
She would let the boys go just so far then say she had to get home before
she got into trouble. I had made it my mission to take that little
tease down. I was the co-captain of the basketball team and a well
sought after guy myself. I started dropping hints that I wanted to
go out with crissy and word finally made it back to her. She couldnt
beleive it. She began showing up at places I would be and she would
dress so hot it would make my pants swell up. I held back as much as
I could cause I wanted her to chase me this time. She was so use to
guys chasing after her that she would dump them after a week or so. I
had decided I would play hard to get and it worked much better than I
had ever thought. She finally called me one night at home and asked
me if I would be interested in going out. I told her I would call her
sometime next week if I could find time to take her out. This just
made her more intent on getting me. My plan was working to perfection.

All her friends told me all she talked about was me and that I might
like her. Finally about a week later I saw her trailing behind me in
the hallway and I stopped and asked her if she would like to go to
the drive-in this saturday. I dont even think she took a second to answer.
Yes, Yes, I'd love to. I told her I'd pick her up at 8 pm and to be
ready. I made sure to tell all her friends I was going to take her out
one time but if I didnt enjoy it I would not see her again. I wanted to
make sure this got back to her. I'm sure it did. On Saturday night I arrived
at 8 pm and she was on the porch waiting. She had on a very short, very
tight black skirt with a cute little white sweater. My mouth dropped
just looking at her. I went out and escorted her to the car. I opened
the door for her and she sat down in the seat and started to swing
her legs in. Instead of swinging both legs in together she slowly slide
in one leg then after about 3 seconds she slid in the next leg. This
was plenty of time for me to see everything between her legs. She had
on black little lacy undies and was wearing thigh-high black sheer stockings.


She knew I saw everything and I also know she did it on purpose.
She was definately a cock-teaser. I shut her door and walked around
to my side. We drove to the drive in and I chatted with her like I knew
her forever. I wanted her to feel easy with me and by the time it took
me to get to the drive-in she had slid over right next to me and I
had one hand on her legs. I was going to teach this little cockteaser
a lesson.  We got to the drive in and it was dark already. The movie
didnt start for about 30 minutes so I left crissy in the car and went
and bought popcorn and cokes. After about 20 or 30 minutes we were
necking and really enjoying each other. I made a move under crissys
skirt and her hand slowly reached for mine and tried to move it away.
I put it right back between her legs and she went to grab it again.
I told her, dont move my hand anymore or we'll have to leave. This was
her chance to back out like she always did with the other boys. But
instead she just started kissing me again. I took this to mean she
didnt want to leave and my hand was right back between her legs. In
no time I was rubbing her cunt thru her thin little black undies. I
dont think she had ever let a boy go this far as within a minute her
undies were soaked all the way thru. I kept up my attack and then I
went for it. I slid my hand under part of her knickers and her arm
came down on mine like she was going to stop me. I pulled away from
kissing her and stared her in the eyes. She let go of my arm and this
time I started the kissing back up. I had never moved my hand and it
was now fully under her knickers and sliding up her down her hot cunt.

I couldnt beleive how hot a cunt could get. I noticed her hair was
very thin, just about non-exsistant. And her cunt put off a heat I
couldnt beleive. I started rubbing around her clit and when I first
touched it she jumped about a foot. I didnt stop and all the time
I was kissing and holding her I was working away on her cunt. I was
trying to time this just right. She was getting really worked up and
I had to make my next move quickly before she came. I took my other
hand and reached under her skirt and started pulling her undies down.
Her eyes grew wide but she didnt say a word. I was still working on
her cunt and my fingers were now sliding into her one, two, then
three at a time. I finally had her undies totally off and she was laid
back across the back seat. I told her to close her eyes and not to
open them till I said. She did as I said as all the time I kept slowly
rubbing on her clit. Her cunt was sooooo hot. I know she was close to
cumming all over my hand. I reached down with one hand and unzipped
my zipper. Then I pulled out my dick and it was hard as a rock. It
could break thru a block of ice it was so hard. But I had other things
in mind for it. I laid down on top of chrissy and kept my hand working
on her cunt. She didnt know my cock was right at the entrance to her
virginal pussy. I started kissing her and rubbing quicker on her
clit. At the same time I positioned my dick at her cunt entrance and
about that time her eyes opened because she felt my prick, I lunged
forward and buried my seven inches deep into her cunt. She was so wet
I went all the way in to the hilt. I felt my dick tear through her
hyman like it was a piece of paper. She let out a very loud gasp but
I kept up the rubbing on her clit. The pain of her being ripped thru
and the extasy of her clit on fire was just too much. She started humping
her hips back at me like there was no tomorrow. I couldnt keep up with
her as she came and started moaning very loud. I couldnt hold back
even though I had only been in her around 40 seconds. 

My balls started tingling and then very quickly I shot a very large
load of white hot sperm deep into her cunt. Her cunt was cumming and
that was sucking every drop of sperm out of me. I had never felt anything
so wonderful in my life. We held each other for about five minutes with
out saying a word. Then I broke the ice and said something about how
that was one of the best moments of my life. She seemed really touched
and asked me if I really thought that. I said most definately. I got
up and when I looked down my cock had a mixture of blood, sperm, and
juices on it. I got a towel from behind the seat and cleaned us both
up. We then got dressed and watched the rest of the movie. I think we
were both surprised at how hot that event actually was. I was trying
to teach her a lesson and she had wanted to tease me. In the end, we
fell in love and we were married about six months later. The good
thing was I had that hot cunt whenever I wanted it, the bad thing was
I couldnt take the tease out of my new wife. She loved dressing in
short skirts and teasing men whenever she could. 

It was just about a year after we were married that we had a very
big and nasty fight about her dressing and teasing and she said
I would just have to suck it up and enjoy the way she dresses. I thought
about it over night and figured, well, if thats what she wants, then
I might as well enjoy and help her at it. I told her the next day
she could keep all her short skirts, her teasing ways, etc. But, on
one condition. I could dress her anyway I wanted and also coach her
thru the teasing of guys. And she would have to do as I suggested so
that I would feel part of it all. Otherwise, she would have to stop
it all or leave me. She readily agreed and was happy that I wanted to get
involved.  That weekend I took her out shopping and started buying things
for her. I took her to the teen stores and bought cute short skirts that
barely covered her ass. I bought all the nice fancy undies and stockings
and then I thought of something. Most her undies were thongs so that
when she bent over a little too far, her watchers could see her ass
cheeks. I told her I wanted her to get a tatoo for me and we would
put it on one of her cheeks so that if a guy did get a good look,
he would have something to focus in on. To my surprise, she liked the idea.

I told her I would think up something and we would go sometime next
weekend to get her tattoo. All weekend I tried to think of something
to put on her. She kept asking what was going to be put on her, but
I told her she could not know until after it was done. That would
put a lot of surprise into it for her and keep her guessing till the
last second. It was the day before we were going down to get the tattoo
and I still had not figured out what to put on her. I decided to go
down to the tattoo parlor and see if that would help. I went in and
talked to the guy who did the tattoo's. I was a little embarressed but
after I told him about my teasing wife, he pulled a book out from
under the counter and showed me a bunch of tattoos he had done on
peoples privates.  He had some really neat tatoos. He suggested
maybe just one or two words around a woman nealing down. He says
the nealing down woman suggests she is owned by somebody and the
words could be tom's slave, tom's slut, or something like that. 

I thought about what would shock a guy if he saw her bent over like in
a grocery store, and saw this tattoo. I told him what I had thought up
and he also said he liked it. When I showed him a picture of my wife
he was very impressed. He said if I let him take pictures of the tattoo
when it was done, he wouldn't charge me anything. That was fair in my
book. The next day I brought chrissy in and she was very nervous. She
asked if I was sure I wanted her to have a tattoo. I said of course,
this fits right in with your teasing of men. The three of us went
into a back room and he had my wife put on a hospital type robe. He told
her not to put her knickers back on and to lay flat on the table with
her legs together. He walked out and chrissy asked if she really had
to remove her undies. I told her they would probably get in the way of
the guy and to do what he said. I told her I would be in there the
whole time and I wouldnt let anything happen to her. She felf better
with this and put on his robe and removed her knickers. She then laid
down on the table I called the guy back in. He started getting all his
tools ready. He then grabbed a portable cd player and handed the headphones
to me. He pushed the play button then told me to put the earphones on
my wife. I asked him why and he said the sound of the machine scares
a lot of people and they relax listening to the music play. 


They were the big padded type so that once she put these on she wouldnt be
able to hear anything else. I told chrissy I think he is right and she
should put them on. She did and laid her head back down. The guy
then called out chrissy by her name but she didnt answer. Now we knew
she couldnt hear anything. He unbuttoned the back of her gown and let it
fall open. He grabbed a penned and asked me to point to where on her
butt would I like the tatoo. He had made a copy of it on a piece of
paper so he could move it around till it was just right. I decided
on the right cheek, down towards the bottom of her cheek so anyone
just getting a small peek of her ass would see it. I asked him how long
this would take and he said about 45 minutes. He first drew the knealing
lady on her ass then he took the machine and started on the tattoo. In about
25 minutes she was there. Bright red and blue and very easy to see. Now
he started on the words. Above her tatoo were the words Cunt Teaser
and below the tattoo were the words Ready 4 Fuckin. I knew
if anyone was to see this they would be shocked out of their lives.
BUT, it would also shock chrissy to know somebody saw that on her.

Now if she teased, she had to pay the price. Chrissys legs were tightly
together and all you could see were her ass cheeks. He couldnt get the
lettering right unless she open her legs up a little. I lifted her
headphones and told her we were just about done. He just need a little
room to finish so to loosen her legs a little. She said ok, only please
hurry and finish. The guy said with your help, I could be done in 10
minutes.  She said ok and put her head back down. The guy reached down
to open her legs just a little. He only needed an inch or two but for
some reason chrissy thought he must have wanted her to open wider. She
spread her legs about a foot open. I was surprised and so was the
tattoo guy. I laughed and said well, I think you have room now. He smiled
and got back to the work. It was easy to tell he was stareing a lot at
chrissys pussy. It was wide open now and he had just finished the tattoo.
He made the lettering stand out so it could be read from a distance.
The words were bold and bright red.. It looked great. Next thing I know
he was pulling a camera out of a bag. Ok if I take my pics. Sure, a
promise is a promise. Just dont let chrissy see you doing it. He got
behind her and to my surprise it was a video camera. He pressed the
record button and was getting his tatoo from all angles. He also got
very clear shots of my wifes pussy split wide open. Then he walked back
to the door which was about three feet away and kept shooting the whole time.

He now had shots I knew had nothing to do with his tattoo. I didnt
say anything and he walked out the door. I helped chrissy up and she
wanted to see her tattoo. She said her ass was sore and she didnt want
to sit on it. I helped her dress and told her she could see it as soon
as we got home. We left straight away and were at the house in about
15 minutes. She went in the bedroom and before I let her look at her
tattoo I wanted to have a talk with her. I explained that it was
easy for her as a girl to tease guys without having to worry about
anything. So part of my tattoo wording would make her feel a lot more
self conscience about anyone seeing her tattoo. She could still do her
teasing but she would know what the other guy was thinking as he read
it. I thin gave her a mirrow and allowed her to view her tattoo. At
first she couldnt read it because the letters were backwards, then
she slowly said the words " CUNT TEASER READY 4 FUCKIN.. "
WHY, WHY, WHY. Oh god no, why did you do this? She started crying. 
I looked her right in the eyes as she was crying and looking at her
Tattoo in the mirror. Now we can both go out and enjoy your teasing.
Tomorrow we will start your real training. You can make your mind
up tonight to stay with me, or pack your things up and leave tomorrow.
Either way, everyone in the future will know exact what you are and
exactly what they should do with you! With that I got up and went
to bed. I had one of the best night sleeps in a very long time........ 
