Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 37: More Pool Time

Aaron felt himself getting hard again watching the girls kiss and feeling Madison’s little hand on his cock. Madison taking his cum off her face and spreading it on Sam’s boobs didn’t hurt either. These girls were like a fantasy life come true. He had never even fantasized about some of the things they were doing. He would from now on though. Madison was moving her hand up and down his cock slowly as she kissed Sam. He did like that his girls were much happier than they have been the last few days. His cock liked it as well.

“Aaron, are you ok?” Madison said, her head turned up to him and her hand still sliding up and down his cock.

“Yes, baby, I am very much ok. Are you guys ok with all this?” Aaron said and Madison chuckled.

“Aaron, when are you going to stop worrying about us, obviously we are big girls and thanks to you and the Thompsons we know what we like, and we are not afraid to ask for it.” Madison said as she stroked his cock.

“You are not big girls; you are small girls that are very young.” Aaron said.

“Ok, we are young small girls that know what we like. We are only doing this because we love and trust you. We know you would never hurt us, and we are able to relax around you.” Madison said and Sam nodded.

“A little too relaxed sometimes.” Aaron said and the girls laughed.

“Speaking of relaxing, you are making me tired standing there. Lie down on the lounge.” Madison said.

Aaron groaned but did what the little girl holding his cock asked him to do. He pulled off his shirt as it seemed stupid to just be wearing a shirt. He heard Sam gasp.

“What, what did he do?” Madison said, still holding his cock.

“He took off his shirt and I don’t think I have ever seen him totally naked; it is quite impressive.” Sam said.

“Shit! Being blind sucks so much.” Madison said.

“No, it’s ok, you can see him just like you saw Frank. Aaron, lie down over here.” Sam said and she pointed to the lounge next to them.

Aaron looked down and gave a look of frustration, Sam giggled.

“Madison, you have to let go of him.” Sam said.

“Oh, sorry, I just love the way it feels in my hand.” Madison said and finally let go of his cock.

Aaron laid down on the lounge and it did feel good to get off his feet. His cock bounced as he sat down, and he looked over at the two young naked girls sitting on the lounge next to him. If any cops showed up now, they would bury him under the jail, but he would be smiling when they did it. He saw Sam stand and take Madison’s hand. Fuck, Sam looked even better when she stood up, her muscles fired, and her body was immaculate. Those fucking legs are going to cause a lot of uncomfortable pants as she grows up.

Madison took her friend’s hand and stood up. Sam led her a few feet over and then she put her hand on Aaron’s foot. It was huge and her hand felt even smaller as she touched his toes.

“Now, there is your starting point. Look at Aaron’s body.” Sam said and let go of her hand. She moved up closer to Aaron’s head and knelt next to the lounge. She leaned over to Aaron’s ear and whispered.

“You’re gonna love this.” Sam said and she saw his cock flinch on his belly. She chuckled as she saw her friend moving her hands slowly over Aaron’s foot.

Madison felt his foot and she was pretty sure she had never touched a foot this large. She remembered rubbing her daddy’s feet occasionally. He loved it when she did that, she smiled when she thought that was something she could still do for her daddy even if she didn’t get her sight back. She moved her hand down to his ankle and then his calf. His calf muscle was huge and very well defined. She knew her own calves were strong, but hers were toned and this was much more sculpted. She moved her hands up his leg and then touched his thigh. She heard him moan and she moved her head up.

“Are you ok?” Madison said.

“He is great, rock star, you are doing great. Like what you see so far?” Sam said.

“Oh yes, it is awesome.” Madison said as she rubbed his powerful thigh.

“Oh, it gets much better.” Sam said and kissed Aaron on the cheek. She put her hand on his other cheek and turned his head to her, she kissed his lips gently.

Aaron was going slowly insane with pleasure. Madison’s little fingers were like small pieces of fire as she moved them over his skin. Her touch was electric, and he felt like the electricity moved through his body and ended up in his cock. He was rock hard again and now Sam was kissing him. Her lips were soft and warm. He felt Madison crawl onto the lounge and kneel between his legs. Her fingers touched his upper thighs and he moaned in Sam’s mouth.

Sam broke the kiss and looked at her friend. She was so beautiful and for some reason the way she held her head now so she could hear everything made her even prettier. She saw Madison’s boobs hang down as she leaned over to run her hands over Aaron’s stomach. Her boobs didn’t hang down yet, she hoped hers would be as big as that one day. She thought about her baby and wondered if they would grow for that, she heard that was a thing. She looked back at Aaron and his eyes were closed. His mouth was open, and he was breathing deep. She kissed his nose, and he opened his eyes.

“You enjoying this?” Sam said and kissed his lips.

“Fuck, you girls are incredible.” Aaron said and Sam chuckled.

“I will take that as a yes.” Sam said and looked at her friend again.

Madison moved her hands over his stomach, she was trying to avoid his cock, she had seen that already. She leaned over and ran her hands over his chest, she took a deep breath. This must be what Sam was talking about. His chest muscles felt like iron, she loved the way there were like little mountains on his chest. She leaned over farther and then she felt her breast touch his cock. She loved that and she lowered her body, rubbing her breasts over his cock. She heard him moan and she knew he liked it as well.

“Well fuck, that is hot.” Sam said as she saw Madison rub her boobs over his cock.

Aaron was about to lose his mind and then he felt Madison slide up onto his hips. She was sitting on his cock now and her hands were on his chest, she was moving her hips slowly. Her eyes were closed, and she looked like she was lost in thought. He was pretty sure this little scene was one of the hottest he had ever seen. He could make a billion dollars just filming these girls but then he would have to share them with the world. Fuck that, he would stay poor and keep them to himself. He gasped as he felt his cock nestle between her pussy lips. He looked down and she was sliding slowly across his shaft. Her pussy was so warm and wet, and he hoped she didn’t slide too far forward, he was pretty sure he would not be able to hold back.

“Ok, that is even hotter, are you seeing this?” Sam said.

“Oh yeah and feeling it as well.” Aaron said as he watched her slide on his cock.

Madison felt his cock between her lips, it felt so good. It was hard and she was able to rub on it and even press her little button on it. She was so close, and she needed relief so badly, she felt like her body had been humming with excitement since Frank had his fingers in her this morning. Then Stacy touching her boobs and kissing her. Now Aaron’s cock had her on the edge and it wasn’t even inside her. She shivered as she thought how nice it would be when she was able to finally convince him to do it. She moaned and lifted her head as she felt herself moving to pleasure. She felt something different below her and then his cock was moving. She put her hand down between her legs and felt the sticky stuff again as it shot out of him.

Aaron groaned; it was too much for him. His cock exploded and he felt his cum hit his belly. He looked down and she was running her hand through it and his next load hit her fingers. He leaned his head back as his balls emptied.

Sam could not believe how much stuff came out of him again, he had already painted Madison’s face earlier. He must have an endless supply of this stuff. She saw Madison dip her fingers in it like she did with Frank. That was an unfortunate side effect of having to see with your fingers. She watched her friend catch some of his stuff on her fingers as he kept spraying more and more. He finally finished and she watched Madison lean over and lay down on him. Her head was under his chin. Aaron put his arms around her, and Sam smiled.

Madison shivered as she laid on Aaron’s strong chest. She could feel his stuff on her belly as she laid there. She smiled as she thought of how much of his stuff had been on her since they came out here. She didn’t mind at all, she loved feeling it, it was like his love was all over her. She took a deep breath as her body settled down, again taken to the edge with no relief. She just decided to enjoy her Aaron for a little while. She moved her hand over his chest muscles.

“Fuck, I think I need to get in the water to cool off.” Sam said and Madison grunted.

“You ok, rock star?” Sam said.

“Yeah, I am just so comfortable.” Madison said softly.

“Ok, I am going in, let me know if you want to go in.” Sam said.

“Ok.” Madison said.

Sam stood and looked down at them. She thought it was one of the cutest things she had ever seen. Well, I guess since they were both naked it would go beyond cute. She touched Madison’s back and ran her hand down her body as she walked, trailing her fingers across her pretty butt. Sam heard Madison moan and then she ran and jumped in the pool. The water felt so good on her body. She wondered why everyone didn’t swim naked, it was so different. She dove down and touched the bottom; she was so happy to be here and out of the control of her daddy. She felt her heart jump and then she swam to the surface.

Madison raised her head, and she could feel Aaron’s breath on her cheek.

“Did you like that?” Madison said.

“Baby girl, you are incredible, that was probably the best thing I have ever felt. I don’t know how you do it.” Aaron said.

“Even better than Alex?” Madison said.

“Don’t you dare put me in that position, it will only end in tears.” Aaron said and Madison smiled.

“Sorry, that was mean.” She said and laid her head back on his chest.

Aaron put his hand on her head. He was so happy, his cock was surrounded by pussy, one that was fucking him anytime he wanted and three that desperately wanted to fuck him. Life was good.

“Speaking of Alex, did you tell her we were home?” Madison said.

“No, I haven’t talked to her today.” Aaron said and Madison lifted her head.

“Aaron, we need to call her and tell her we are home.” Madison said and he reached for the phone.

“Ok, ok, relax, I will call her.” Aaron said and she put her head back on his chest.

“You guys are so thoughtless at times.” Madison said and he slapped her butt. She squealed a little and he laughed.

“Alex, hey.” Aaron said.

“Aaron, hey, any update?” Alex said.

“Yeah, the girls got released, we are home.” Aaron said.

“That is great.” Alex said.

“Sarah is still in the hospital; she needs shoulder surgery.” Aaron said.

“Fuck, will this never end? How is she?” Alex said.

“She is in a little pain; she finally came clean on that. Katie is with her.” Aaron said.

“So, you are there with the girls?” Alex said.

“Yeah, I have one of them on me now. Hold on.” Aaron said and put the phone in Madison’s hand.

“Hi Alex.” Madison said.

“Hey, sweet girl. How are you doing?” Alex said.

“Good right now, I am laying on Aaron and he is very comfortable.” Madison said.

“Yes, he is. Is it good to be home?” Alex said.

“Oh yes, and it is nice to be outside.” Madison said.

“What are you guys doing?” Alex said.

“Well, we were playing around a little.” Madison said and Alex felt a tingle between her legs.

“I am sure Aaron is enjoying that.” Alex said.

“Yeah, he sprayed a bunch on my face.” Madison said and Alex slid her hand between her legs.

“Oh wow, I guess he is enjoying it.” Alex said and rubbed her pussy over her panties.

“Yes, but I wish you were here.” Madison said.

“Oh baby, there is no place I would rather be.” Alex said.

“So come home. Tell Mr. Thompson that I need you. It is true.” Madison said.

“God, you are impossible to say no to. I will ask him.” Alex said.

“Cool, you don’t need a suit, we are kinda naked and I want to kiss you all over anyway.” Madison said and Alex shivered in her chair.

“I will be home soon. Let me talk to Aaron really quick.” Alex said and Madison held the phone out.

“Hey, so I guess you are coming home early?” Aaron said.

“Fuck, that was so hot. You really came on her face?” Alex said.

“Yeah, it was not on purpose, they are sort of tricky.” Aaron said.

“I will be home soon.” Alex said.

“Hurry, I could use reinforcements.” Aaron said and Alex laughed.

Aaron put down his phone on the table. Madison lifted her head.

“I think I might need to get in the water, I am kinda sticky.” Madison said and Aaron laughed.

“I guess so, you made a mess.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, but it was good, right?” Madison said.

“Oh yes, it was very good.” He said and picked her up.

He carried her to the pool and walked down the steps with her. He moved into the water with her in his arms. Sam swam over and he let Madison slide out of his arms. Sam took her hand and they stood.

“This feels really nice.” Madison said.

“Yeah, it does. I didn’t realize how much I missed it.” Sam said and led Madison out to deeper water.

“I think I need to put my head under water, I am pretty sure there is some of his stuff in my hair.” Madison said and Sam laughed.

Madison dipped her head and it felt very strange to be under water and not be able to see. It was a little scary, but she held onto Sam and pulled her head out of the water.

“Much better, you look clean now and ready for the next round.” Sam said and Madison laughed.

“You think he still has some stuff left?” Madison said.

“Oh yeah, I am sure with a little rest and watching us kiss some more he will be raring to go.” Sam said.

“So, there is more kissing?” Madison said and she felt Sam touch her boob. Sam’s fingers felt so good on her body. She let go of Sam’s hand and treaded water. Sam put her other hand on her other boob. Madison loved it when her friend touched her.

“There is a lot more kissing in your future, rock star. We will be living together for at least a little while and I have some catching up to do. I plan on kissing these a lot for sure.” Sam said and squeezed Madison’s boobs.

“That sounds good to me.” Madison said and smiled.

“Hey, rock star, I have to pee really bad. You good?” Sam said. Madison felt strong and the water felt nice.

“Yeah, I am good. Hurry back.” Madison said.

“I will be quick. Don’t go anywhere.” Sam said and kissed Madison on the lips.

Madison heard her swim away and then she heard her ask Aaron where the towels were. It sounded like Aaron was sitting on the steps or on the side of the pool. She treaded water and felt like her body was finally clean after the hospital. The shower with Stacy was nice but she didn’t feel particularly clean afterwards. She dipped her head down to wet her hair again. She felt disoriented when her head came out of the water. She turned her head around to try and figure out where she was and if Aaron was still there. She didn’t hear him and the panic set in.

Madison tried to stay calm, but her heart was racing, and her arms felt like they weren’t working right suddenly. She tried to stay up, but she felt herself slip under the water. She turned and did not know where the surface was. She tried to swim but she felt like she was going deeper. She stopped and let her body try to reorient. Her lungs were burning. She pushed with her legs, and she felt her head break the water. She was able to scream once before she slipped back under, and the water rushed into her mouth.

Aaron looked at his phone and laughed at Alex’s text. He was putting the phone down on the table when he heard a terrifying scream.

“Aaron!” He heard her scream and then saw her slip under the water.

Aaron took two steps and dove in the pool; he saw her floating under the water and she was barely moving. He grabbed her and swam to the stairs. He pulled her out and laid her on the deck. Her chest was not moving, and water was flowing out of her mouth and nose. His training took over and he started chest compressions, he tilted her head back and tried to blow air into her lungs. He felt it blocked and then he started compressions again.

Sam walked onto the deck, her bladder feeling much better. She could not wait to get back to her friend, but she got closer to the pool and her heart stopped. Aaron was pushing on Madison’s chest, and she was not moving. She screamed and broke into a run. She skidded on the deck on her knees and put her hands on Madison’s face.

“Sam, make sure her airway is clear, tilt her head back.” Aaron said and Sam put her hand under her neck and pushed Madison’s head back, she saw liquid hit Madison’s face and she realized it was her tears.

“No, you will not do this. Breathe!” Sam screamed and Madison spit up a fountain of water.

Aaron jumped off her and tilted her sideways, Madison coughed, and more water came out of her. Sam was crying and holding her head. Madison coughed again but less water came out. She coughed again and no water. Aaron lifted her up and hugged her, her body was limp.

“Baby, I am so sorry. Just try to breathe slowly.” He said in her ear.

Sam saw Madison move her arms slightly and then she grabbed Aaron’s arms. Sam sat on the deck and took a deep breath; she realized her knees hurt. She looked and they were bleeding. She wrapped her arms around her legs and started rocking. She almost lost her friend, and she was scared to death. She realized she was shaking.

Aaron looked at Sam and saw her rocking, the blood running down her legs. He held out his arm and she scrambled over. He wrapped his arm around her and held his little girls. He started to feel his heart slowing down, he could feel Madison breathing normally and he started to relax. Sam was crying and he squeezed her closer. He knew at that moment he would be with these girls for the rest of his life. He could see himself in a little shed in their backyard as they raised their families. He could not think of anything in his life more important than protecting them. He got a taste of life without them for a second when Madison stopped breathing and it was terrifying. Nope, never again.

Madison took a deep breath and it almost felt normal. She was laying on Aaron again, but they were in the house, and she was wearing clothes. She could feel his heartbeat under her head. She rubbed her hand on his chest and he was wearing a shirt. She felt his arms around her, and it felt nice. She moved her head.

“Good morning baby girl. How do you feel?” Aaron said and she moved her head towards him.

“What happened?” Madison said.

“You drowned, well, at least for a little while.” Sam said and Madison felt a hand on her back.

“I drowned?” Madison said.

“Yeah, you swallowed most of the pool. Aaron got it out of you, but you scared the shit out of us.” Sam said.

“Sorry.” Madison said.

“No, rock star, we should apologize to you. You were doing so good; I think we took too much for granted.” Sam said.

“I used to be able to swim, what happened?” Madison said.

“You lost your perspective, when you are in water, and you lose your orientation it is scary. You are not sure where to go and then panic sets in.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, that is what it felt like. Like I didn’t know where the side was and then I couldn’t tell up or down. That was not fun.” Madison said.

“No, it was not.” Sam said and rubbed her back.

“What time is it?” Madison said.

“It is 3:30. We let you sleep for a while once we knew you weren’t dead.” Sam said.

“Well, thanks for making sure I wasn’t dead.” Madison said and smiled.

“No problem.” Sam said.

“So, does this mean there is no more kissing? I dreamed about it.” Madison said and lifted her head.

“Rock star, you are unbelievable. You wake up from a near-death experience and you want to kiss?” Sam said.

“Sorry, I like kissing.” Madison said and put her head back down on Aaron’s chest.

Alex walked into the backyard, and no one was there. She went up onto the deck and saw them in the house. She opened the door and walked in, Aaron was leaning back on the recliner, Madison on his chest and Sam standing next to them, rubbing Madison’s back. The girls were wearing t-shirts and pajama pants.

“Hey, I thought we were naked and out by the pool.” Alex said and Aaron looked up at her. He looked scared.

“It seems that I drowned.” Madison said, not lifting her head.

“Wait, what? You drowned?” Alex said and Sam turned around and hugged her. She wrapped her arms around the girl and looked at Aaron.

“Madison and I were swimming and I had to go to the bathroom. She was fine and then she lost oriention and went under the water. Aaron saved her but it was really scary.” Sam said.

“Oriention?” Alex said.

“Orientation, she lost her bearings and panicked. I looked away for a second and then she went under.” Aaron said. Alex felt the pain in his voice, and she put her hand on his shoulder. He moved his head and kissed her hand.

“Madison, are you ok now?” Alex said.

“Yes, I feel fine, but no one wants to kiss me now. Everyone is too scared.” Madison said and Alex looked at Aaron.

“We did get a little spooked, she stopped breathing.” Aaron said and Alex put her hand to her mouth.

Alex touched Madison on the back. Sam sat on the floor.

“Madison, they are just scared. They both love you more than anything and when they thought they lost you it was very frightening, I am sure. You just have to give them time and they will be kissing you again.” Alex said.

“I was scared too; I saw my grandma. She was really mad, but it was nice to have my eyes working again, she told me to get back here and listen to my friends. I heard Sam scream and then everything went black again. Then I woke up here and my eyes are still broke. I am very confused.” Madison said.

“Sweetheart let’s give Aaron a break. Come with me.” Alex said.

Madison lifted her head and then got off Aaron. She stood up and Alex took her hand. She felt Alex sit down and then she was pulled onto her lap. She snuggled into Alex. She smelled nice and her boobs were soft under her head.

Sam crawled up onto Aaron and he put his arms around her. Sam laid her head on his chest. It was very comfortable, now she knew why Madison hung out here.

“You know you saved her again.” Sam said.

“I shouldn’t have let her go under in the first place.” Aaron said.

“Maybe, but from the way I look at it without you my momma and I would be dead and now Madison would be dead twice.” Sam said. Aaron took a deep breath.

“Did I mention I love you?” Aaron said.

“Yeah, you did say something like that earlier.” Sam said.

“Thanks for reminding me why every so often.” Aaron said.

“You said for the rest of my life, right?” Sam said.

“Yep.” Aaron said.

“Good, I will remind you as often as you need.” Sam said and looked at her friend. She was snuggled up on Alex on the couch. Alex was rubbing her back.

“Thanks.” Aaron said.

“You know, I think she may be more scared than us. She was the one that actually died for a second. She said she saw her grandma; don’t you see dead people when you die?” Sam said.

“That’s what they tell me. You are right again, she is very scared, how do you always see everything so clearly?” Aaron said.

“I guess that is my superpower, that and making you crazy.” Sam said and looked at him.

“That is true.” Aaron said.

“I am going to go and talk to her, my heart hurts when she is sad.” Sam said and crawled off Aaron. She walked over to the couch and looked down at Alex. Alex was wearing a brown button shirt and a brown skirt. She was wearing hose and pretty shoes.

“Were you going to swim in those clothes?” Sam said.

“I was promised naked so I figured it would not be a problem that I didn’t have a suit.” Alex said.

“Yeah, we were sort of naked. Aaron looks good naked.” Sam said.

“Yes, he does.” Alex said and smiled.

“You should have seen Madison looking at his body. It was very exciting.” Sam said.

“What do you mean?” Alex said, a little confused.

“You see, Madison can only see what something looks like by touching it, so she looked at Aaron’s body, all of it.” Sam said.

“Oh my.” Alex said.

“Yeah, and then she was sliding on him, and he shot his stuff all over her again. He shot it all over her face the first time.” Sam said.

“God, I did miss a lot.” Alex said.

“The sliding part felt really good.” Madison said softly. Alex looked down at her.

“How exactly were you sliding on him?” Alex said, many images moving across her head.

“I was sitting on him; he was really hard, my lips were open, and he was sliding between them. I liked that a lot.” Madison said.

“I would have liked to see that.” Alex said.

“Rock star, we are sorry. We felt like it was our fault you got hurt but you must have been more scared than us. We would really like to kiss you again when you are ready.” Sam said.

Madison lifted her head and smiled. Sam knelt on the couch next to Alex and leaned over and kissed Madison. Alex looked at Aaron and he was smiling. She figured she was getting a taste of what he went through today. She saw Madison’s tongue slide into Sam’s mouth. She felt another tingle between her legs.

“I love you pretty girl.” Madison said when they broke their kiss.

“I love you too rock star.” Sam said and touched her friend’s cheek.

“You know, I did promise her naked.” Madison said softly.

“Yeah, momma says you should never break promises.” Sam said and unbuttoned the top button on Alex’s shirt. Madison put her hands down and found some buttons, she started on them.

“Hey, wait a minute.” Alex said and grabbed her shirt.

“Aaron, can you help us?” Sam said and Alex saw Aaron get up and walk over.

“What are you guys doing?” Alex said.

“Not breaking our promise.” Sam said and opened another button.

“Wait a second, I thought we were done with that.” Alex said and squealed as Aaron lifted her up and put her on the floor.

Aaron held her arms over her head, and she looked up at him. He blew her a kiss and she moaned. Two sets of little hands soon had her shirt open. She felt her bra pop open and then her skirt got loose and started moving down her legs. A warm mouth wrapped around her nipple, and she looked to see Madison latched onto her breast. Her skirt was soon off her legs and then she felt her panties sliding down.

“Aaron, should we take these off?” Sam said, grabbing the edge of Alex’s stocking.

“Up to you, I do think they are pretty hot, and they aren’t covering anything we need to get to.” Aaron said.

“That’s what I was thinking.” Sam said and tossed her panties.

Alex screamed when she felt the hot little tongue touch her pussy. She spread her legs and Sam dove in. Sam licked slowly up the inside of her open pussy. She tasted wonderful. She flicked her tongue over her little button and Alex moaned. She looked up and Madison was kissing Alex. Sam knew what that felt like, she lowered her head and licked the soft inside of Alex’s smooth pussy.

Alex was moaning and her hips were squirming. Madison was driving her tongue into her mouth and Sam was working magic between her legs. Someone was pinching her nipples; she had no idea who and she didn’t care. Her body was on fire and these girls were pouring gasoline on it. She felt Sam suck on her clit, and she screamed into Madison’s mouth. Madison pulled back and Alex saw her pull off her shirt. Alex was now sucking on a little nipple like a madwoman. She felt Madison hold her head as she nursed on the young breast.

Aaron looked down at his girlfriend and was worried he would ever be able to please her again after this. She was moaning and screaming and now she was licking and sucking on Madison’s breast. He had to admit these girls outdid themselves again. This scene was hot as fuck, and he was rock hard again. Someone was getting fucked in a minute, he looked down at Alex and she would lose her mind when he shoved his cock in her at the same time that these girls kissed on her.

Alex screamed and her body exploded under all the stimulation. Her hips lurched off the ground and Sam held onto her thighs, her tongue still licking the sweet pink inside of Alex’s pussy. Madison felt Alex fall off her breast and she held her; she could feel Alex shaking. Madison held her friend as she recovered from her orgasm. Madison felt her own pussy start to throb; her body was starting to hum again.

Aaron stood up and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He took a picture that he would treasure the rest of his life. Alex looked well-fucked; her face was flushed. Her boobs were shiny with Madison’s saliva. Her head was in Madison’s arms with Madison’s wonderful breasts hanging over her face. Sam looked up at him from between her legs and he snapped the picture. It was a classic and his cock was tenting his pants badly.

“So, how was that?” Aaron said.

“Son of a bitch, that was so good. I have never felt anything like that.” Alex said and the girls giggled. Sam moved up and laid her head on Alex’s belly.

“I know, I am afraid I won’t be able to live up to that.” Aaron said.

“You are lucky you have that big cock, that is your only ace in the hole.” Alex said and Aaron laughed.

“I want that.” Madison said and everyone looked at her.

“You want what, sweetie.” Alex said.

“What you just had, it felt and sounded like it was amazing.” Madison said.

“It was.” Alex said.

“I want that.” Madison said and turned her head up to Aaron. He looked down at her unfocused eyes and her wonderful breasts.

“Guys, she did die today, I guess she deserves it.” Aaron said and Madison smiled.

Alex got up and pulled off her shirt and bra. She hugged Madison and then kissed her softly. Madison moaned as Alex slipped her tongue into the young girl’s mouth. Alex kept kissing her and laid her down on the floor, Alex leaning over her and kissing her deeply. Madison put her arms around Alex and felt her pajama pants sliding down her legs. She flinched when her panties started sliding down. Her body was shivering with desire, she spread her legs and started moving her hips.

Aaron looked down and Madison looked out of control already. She was squeezing Alex’s head and they were kissing hard, it looked like she was trying to swallow Alex. Her legs were wide open, and her hips were moving up and down. He stared at her pussy, it was gorgeous, just like the rest of her. Sam was moving between her legs, and he saw the little tongue reach out and touch Madison. He heard a scream and Madison was not kissing Alex anymore. Alex was kissing and sucking on a stiff little nipple. Madison had her hands on Alex’s head, and she was breathing hard. Sam worked on her open pussy and Madison moaned. Aaron saw her body shake and he thought she came. Sam and Alex pulled off. Madison pulled Alex back down to her chest.

“More, don’t stop.” Madison whimpered.

Sam started licking again and Alex sucked a nipple back in her mouth. Aaron knelt and put his hand on her belly. He heard her moan and her hand shot down to grab his. He rubbed her belly and she held onto his wrist.

“Aaron, please.” Madison whimpered and he looked at her, she was crying and holding Alex’s head.

Aaron felt her push his hand down and he moved it to her waist and then on her thigh, she let go of his wrist. Sam was licking her furiously and he moved his hand down her leg, touching the inside of her thigh. He saw her flinch.

“Please.” Madison whimpered again.

Sam lifted her head and grabbed his hand. She pulled it between Madison’s legs. He touched the soft inside of her open pussy. He slid his finger through her lips. Sam grabbed his finger and slid it inside Madison. Her hips lurched. He slid his finger deeper.

“Yes, please, Aaron.” Madison said, a little louder.

Alex looked at Aaron and saw he was between Madison’s legs. Aaron looked at her and she nodded. He looked back down, and the little pussy was throbbing, his finger was sliding easily in and out of her. He pushed it deeper, and she pushed up with her hips, trying to pull it even deeper. He looked up at her face and her eyes were closed, her mouth was open, there was saliva running out of the side of her mouth. Alex was licking a nipple again. Aaron felt his pants loosen and looked down to see Sam pulling them down, his cock flopping out.

Aaron pulled his finger out and Madison whimpered. He moved between and grabbed her legs. He pushed them back and apart and then laid his shaft between her open lips. He started sliding it back and forth like she was doing outside. Her hips pushed up and he held onto her legs.

“Aaron, please.” Madison said in a small voice. He looked and her head was moving, like she was trying to find him.

Sam grabbed his cock and ran her hand down it slowly. He looked down and she was looking up at him. Sam pulled his cock off Madison’s pussy and put the head at the entrance to her young pussy. She rubbed it around and Madison squirmed. Aaron shook his head back and forth. Sam nodded and slid the head of his cock inside Madison. Aaron pulled back and Sam held on.

“Aaron, please, I love you, please.” Madison said, she was crying again and moving her hips.

Aaron felt Sam pull him closer and his head moved into her again. She was so warm and wet, it felt like heaven. He struggled and then he heard her whimper again. He pushed gently and his cock slid into Madison a couple of inches. He heard her suck in her breath and he stopped. She was reaching out her left hand. He grabbed it and she squeezed it hard.

“Please, Aaron.” Madison said softly. He looked at her and he could swear she was looking at him. Her head was locked onto him. She closed her eyes and leaned her head back.

She squeezed his hand and pulled him. He pushed and more of his black cock moved into his young friend. He looked down and her pussy looked stuffed but he was not hitting any resistance. Her hand was still pulling him, and he looked down. There was about 5 inches still showing so he knew she had taken 4 inches. Her lips looked stretched; he was worried he was going to hurt her. She pulled his hand again and he slid two more inches into her.

“Oh God, don’t stop. Alex, please.” Madison said. Alex felt the girl pull her and she sucked a little nipple back in her mouth. She so wanted to watch him, but she had a job to do. Madison rubbed her head and moaned.

Aaron felt her pull him again and he pushed gently. He looked down and there was now only about two inches left. He took a deep breath and looked at her. Her eyes were still closed, her mouth was open. She was breathing deep. He smiled as he saw Alex nursing on a pretty breast. He saw Madison holding Alex’s head, she knew what she wanted. He felt her squeeze his hand and pull him as she pushed her hips towards him.

Sam watched Aaron’s cock slide completely inside her best friend. It was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen. It was huge but it was all the way in, she was amazed. She wondered what that felt like, there would be a great talk tonight. She reached out and touched Madison’s pussy where his cock was, the skin was stretched but Madison did not seem to be in any pain.

“Please, Sam, help.” Madison said softly.

Sam looked up at Aaron, he looked frozen. She stood up, he was kneeling, so she was the same height. She moved to his ear.

“Aaron, fuck her. Slowly, but she needs you to fuck her.” Sam whispered. She looked at him and he looked lost.

Sam kissed him and he groaned. She slid her tongue into his mouth as he was buried in her friend. He kissed her back and she felt him push deeper into Madison. She broke the kiss and looked down; their skin was now touching. She looked at her friend. She looked like she was on the edge, her hips were trying to move, her legs were spread with a large black man between them. It looked really hot. Sam knelt and kissed Madison’s tummy, a few inches over her pussy.

“Yes, Sam, please.” Madison said and Sam moved her tongue lower and touched Madison’s little button. Her friend screamed and lurched off the floor.

“Aaron.” Sam said forcefully.

Aaron looked down and started pulling back slowly, he saw her lips trying to hold onto him. He pulled almost out and then pushed back in just as slow. Madison whimpered and Aaron saw Sam licking her clit as he moved in and out of her 14-yr-old little body. She was still holding his hand and pulling him. He buried himself in her again and she grunted. Her hand squeezed him, and he pulled out a little quicker. He moved back in, and she grunted again when he hit bottom.

“Aaron, I love you.” Madison said and she let go of his hand. He grabbed her legs.

Aaron held her legs open and started moving in and out of her wonderful young pussy. She was moaning and squirming as he got into a rhythm. Her pussy was the tightest and warmest he had ever been inside. He loved the feeling of being completely buried in her small body. He felt himself speeding up and he looked to make sure he wasn’t hurting her. She was smiling and her eyes were still closed. She had a death grip on Alex’s head, and she was breathing fast.

Sam sucked on her friend’s little button as the massive cock moved in and out of her pussy, inches from her face. She moved her tongue over and held it on the cock as it moved. It felt good and she moved back to her friend. She could feel her hips moving more as the cock moved, she knew Madison was close. She sucked her button and bit it gently. Madison screamed and pushed up off the floor. Sam held onto her button and sucked it hard.

Aaron felt her push up hard, and he sped up, he was fucking her now. He was trying to hold back but she was not showing any discomfort, so he pushed harder. He was powering into her; she was pushing up against him. He heard her grunt when he pushed in deep, but it didn’t sound like pain. He felt her body tense up and then he heard her scream.

Madison felt her orgasm hit her hard, Aaron’s cock felt amazing, like it was made for her. She felt so full and then so empty. The stimulation was coming from everywhere. Alex was sucking her nipples and that felt so good. Her best friend knew exactly where to kiss her and that magic black cock was filling her completely. She screamed and her body tensed up, she felt like she lost control for a second, it felt like she was floating and then the pleasure ripped through her, she had never felt anything like it, it was like all her nerve endings were lit up at the same time. She would remember this for a long time, her body started convulsing and she could not stop it. She heard Aaron groan loudly and push deep into her. Her head felt dizzy, it felt like electricity was flowing through her, the pleasure was all she could feel and then her body was numb. Sam licked her again and another surge of pleasure ripped through her, her body started to shake again. She screamed, she felt her body stop shaking and then there was nothing. Sam saw her go limp, her arms and legs dropped to the floor.

Aaron came deep inside the young girl. He filled her small pussy with a massive load, he felt like he was pumping a gallon into her. She was shaking under him, and his cock was being massaged by her pussy as the contractions moved through her body. He pulled out and her pussy closed around his seed. He looked up and she looked like she had passed out.

“Madison.” Aaron said. He shook her leg, and she did not react.

“Alex, is she ok?” Aaron said.

Alex saw her chest moving and she touched her soft cheek. Madison moaned and turned towards the touch. Alex saw her open her eyes, she immediately moved her head towards Aaron and started crying hard. Her little body was wracked with sobs and the tears exploded out of her eyes.

“Aaron, Aaron.” Madison screamed through her sobs.

“Honey, I am so sorry. I am here. Are you ok?” Aaron said, moving towards her, grabbing her hands. His heart was breaking as she continued to cry.

“Alex, help me, is she hurt?” Aaron said, kneeling and holding Madison’s hand. He saw her turn her head towards him, her face crumbled, and she started crying harder. Aaron felt his throat tighten and he started crying as well, he was afraid he had hurt her really bad.

“Aaron.” Madison said softly, trying to talk. Her head stayed locked onto his voice.

“Baby, what is it? Talk to me. What is wrong?” Aaron said through his tears, touching her wet cheek with his other hand.

“Aaron, I can see you.” Madison said, looked at him and smiled as she continued to cry.
