Holli's Uni Punishment
by Rock0808 

Holli was an 18 year old 5”5 ginger volleyball player with ginger hair, an athletic build and “curves in all the right places”. Having been accepted into the uni of her dreams, she though that her life was heading in the right direction, until she got into a fight at a volleyball social, and the University presented a horrific choice to her.

“It would still allow you to participate in all university activities, and show everyone that you feel remorse for your actions” Holli’s departmental head said to her, wearing the fake smile of a devious child.
“How can this be legal” Holli cried, verging on tears, she knew that she was backed into a corner, her parents had sacrificed everything to get her here, and she couldn’t let this opportunity pass her by if there was any chance she could hold onto it. Without receiving a response, she muttered her agreement to the DH.
The DH just smirked an slid over a form for her to sign, explaining that it was her punishment contract that allowed for an understanding between her and the university once the punishment had been completed.
“Good.” He said, “remove your skirt then please, and get over my lap” she obeyed, getting over his sweaty lap and feeling a large bulge on her stomach, wiping away tears. Slowly, the DH slid his hands along her smooth back, savouring every moment, until coming to her frilly pink panties. Holli’s tears broke through as he slid them down her legs, allowing them to bunch around her ankles exposing her gorgeous ass. He allowed himself a moment to stare at the beautiful globes in front of him, gagging to turn these ivory cheeks red.

Then the pain began for Holli.

Relentlessly, he attacked her cheeks with a hidden ferocity that Holli had not expected, as her cheeks slowly cooked over the consistent pressure applied to them by this seasoned disciplinarian. Hit after hit, attacking her upper ass, lower ass, ass crack and upper thighs.
The DH gawked at how they bounced and wobbled, surprised that a girl this short had such a nice arse, his bulge continued to rise as her cheeks went from white to the colour of her panties, to the colour of her face.
When the DH had gotten his fill of her backside, he set his sights on her cunt peeking through, forcibly, but slowly, he started to spread her legs, using his own. He continued until he could finally see her puffy lips, which came with the added side effect of causing her buns to perk up nicely.
When he saw the anticipated pussy, he struck at it, just the once, enough to ensure that he got his message through to Holli, then he moved onto the next part of the punishment.

“That was for fighting with another student” the DH said, Holli’s eyes lit up with the thought that this punishment could soon be over, but those hopes were dashed with his next words “This will be for bringing the University into disrepute” and with that, he spread her cheeks as roughly as he could and gazed upon her beautiful asshole.
Grabbing a bottle of water, he jokingly spoke to her “We want to make sure you are as clean as possible” he said, squirting the water in the bottle squarely onto her butthole he laughed when her hole winked and cheeks attempted to clench, luckily for him, and unluckily for Holli, he kept his hand on her cheeks, not allowing her to close them under any circumstances.
Still marvelling at her pulsing arsehole, the DH, caught another glimmer of her kitty, noticing how it seemed to be wetter than her soaked bumhole, he lightly rubbed a finger over it, causing a shudder from Holli, bringing nothing but more laughter from the DH.

Repeating this to the point of moaning from Holli, the DH finally stopped an ordered Holli up and onto her feet, finally getting a chance to rub her sore cheeks, Holli began to cry anew and the DH ordered her to stand in the corner, still bottomless, and bending over, holding her cheeks apart.
The humiliation of this pose was not lost upon Holli and her cries increased in volume, but she reluctantly followed the order, stepping out of her underwear that had fallen to the floor, then there was a knock at the door. Holli walked over to her discarded white tennis skirt and pink panties, but the DH scolded her, saying “get back into position, after all, you’ll have to get used to this soon” smirking towards the end of the sentence.
Once more crying, she went back into position as the girl she assaulted walked through the door…
Top
Rock0808
Posts: 2
Joined: Sat Mar 11, 2023 1:32 am
Contact: Contact Rock0808
Re: Holli's Uni Punishment
Unread post by Rock0808 » Sat Mar 11, 2023 1:35 am

Sabrina walked in, 5”7, blonde and with a brilliant rack and wearing a rather expensive dress, Holli had hated her from the moment she met her. Sabrina had been the one to start the fight that had put Holli in her current predicament but she had fled before anything could be proved, now Sabrina was here, watching as Holli was forced to expose her most intimate parts to her.
“This is brilliant” she said to the Department Head, “Can I touch her?” she asked with no hesitation whatsoever.
“Of course” the DH replied, beaming from ear to ear, “in fact, for the next 10 minutes, you can do with her as you please”, Holli’s cries began to get ear splitting with that new piece of information being revealed, not only was she now being unjustly treated after her scuffle, but she was also at the mercy of the actual perpetrator.

“Wonderful, first off, let’s have you completely naked please, then get back into position” Sabrina commanded whilst bending down to look into Holli’s eyes, between her legs. Meanwhile, the DH had Sabrina sign some forms, explaining that they were just to let her take control for those 10 minutes.
As Holli got back into position, she looked back, her tits now dangling in front of her face, restricting the view of Sabrina.
“That’s better” she exclaimed, holding in a laugh, badly, “now then, I’ve got some Vaseline here, lets see how far this” she said holding up a hairbrush she’d gotten from her handbag “can go up that tight little ass of yours”
Generously lubricating her finger after the DH warned about hurting her, she slowly but firmly inserted her finger into her tight asshole. Ignoring the cries from Holli, Sabrina noticed that Holli was getting turned on by this, as her juices continued to flow throughout her punishment, quite similar to Sabrina, as the DH noticed that Sabrina kept discreetly rubbing her crotch every now and then.

By the time that Sabrina had taken her finger out of Holli’s ass, there was 8 minutes left, Sabrina was shocked by this, not realising how much time had already gone, and quickly started to insert the hairbrush up Holli, leading to yet more screams from her.
“It’s a good thing that this room is soundproofed” said the DH, leading to both him and Sabrina to break out into laughter.
Thrusting the hairbrush in and out, going deeper each time it went in, she stopped at about half way, Holli though she was getting a moments reprieve, until Sabrina opened her mouth again “lie on your back and bring your knees to your chest, and make sure the brush doesn’t fall out” Confused, Holli did as she was told exposing herself even more than before to her nemesis.
Sabrina took out a feather duster and asked the DH to come over and whispered what he wanted him to do, all the while, Holli couldn’t hear. Suddenly, Sabrina started hitting her thighs, one, two, three, four, five, six. Then she stopped, and the DH lightly tickled her pussy.

Just as Holli started to moan, the DH removed the duster and Sabrina continued her barrage on her inner thighs, just for the DH to tickle her again. This continued until Holli had an orgasm, squirting all over the carpet, meanwhile her thighs were as red as a stop sign and starting to bleed.
“That’s time” said the DH to a giggling Sabrina, “as an extra measure, the University is allowing you to create a rule that Holli here must follow for the rest of the year on campus grounds”
With that Holli began to beg “Please, that isn’t fair, you can’t do this” which was swiftly met by Sabrina picking Holli up and spanking her already red butt cheeks, holding them open and sticking the hairbrush in 3 quarters of the way. “If you don’t want it all the way in there then you stay quiet.”

Holli began to whimper but did as she was told as Sabrina’s face lit up with the idea for her new rule, “I know” she said “Holli is only allowed to wear a thong for her bottoms on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and no underwear but a short skirt on Tuesdays and Thursdays”
Holli looked mortified, in stark contrast to the DH who was practically beaming with joy, “Brilliant” he said, “So it shall be, on top of that Holli, you will submit to an inspection by me at the beginning of everyday, where you will remove all of your clothes so I can thoroughly inspect them, and I can deal with any infractions myself” saying that last part with a sly, threatening grin.

Holli once more began to cry but was immensely relieved when the DH gave her back her thong, “as it is a Monday, you will wear just that to your next class, which isn’t for some time, meanwhile turn around and show us our handiwork”.
Moaning, she bent over, hands to feet, to allow Sabrina and the DH to look at the damage they had inflicted upon her meaty ivory globes. “Spread your cheeks and let us see the inside” the DH said.

Holli groaned but did as she was bid, bending over and spreading her cheeks wide allowing the thin fabric to expose the outer parks of her starfish, jumping when Sabrina roughly poked it when demonstrating a point to the DH.
“Thank you” Sabrina said to the DH, “This has been wonderful and I think that this will do Holli the world of good, it will teach her not to fight other people” she said grinning.

“I’m glad you think so” the DH replied, “Because you’re next…”
