My Sister Taught Me 


One day when I returned home from school, on my way up to my room as I passed my sister's bedroom door I heard some noises but thought nothing of it at the time. I had dropped my stuff off in my room and changed out of my school clothes into something more comfortable to walk around the house in.

After I went by my sister's room again I heard almost the same noises and wondered what was going on. I knocked lightly on her door but she didn't respond so I quietly and slowly opened the door myself and took a peek inside.

What I saw when I looked into my older sister's room surprised and kind of shocked me. There were two naked women on the television and they were using toys on each other. My sister was laying on her bed with her legs spread and she was thrusting her pink dildo in and out of her pussy rather quickly.

I just stood there in awe of what I was seeing, which at the time I didn't have much of a clue of what it was.

I could hear the wet sounds as the dildo was moving in and out of her pussy. I had also noticed that she was hairless between her legs, which at the time struck me as strange since by her age she should have had hair there already. I had light peach fuzz between my legs at that point, do I didn?t understand how she had none.

I stepped inside a few feet and got next to her bed so I'd be within her vision, unfortunately she was too engrossed in herself to notice me. So I moved closer to the bed and tapped her shoulder while saying, "Monica?" to get her attention. Needless to say I scared the crap out of her. When I touched her shoulder she jumped and yelped a bit. She then immediately clamped her legs shut and tried to pull the blanket over her but only managed to get it over her crotch.

I must say, thinking about it now, seeing my sister with her chest and face all red and her pretty pink nipples stiff was quite a magnificent sight to behold.

After she realized what happened she looked at me and asked me what I was doing. I told her that I heard strange noises coming from her room and I looked in to see what was going on. I asked her what it was that she was doing and at first she couldn't come up with an answer. After about a minute or so she had calmed down and she told me that she was masturbating.

She told me to go into my room and wait for her. She went into the bathroom and cleaned herself up, and after she got dressed she came into my room where I was waiting. She talked to me about it and why she did it for a few minutes and when she was finished I asked her if she could teach me how to do it, explaining that I'd never done it before. She told me to come into her room later that night after dinner.

Awhile after dinner, when our parents were occupying themselves with a movie and our brothers had gone off to one of their friends houses like they always did, I walked into her room and she asked me if I was sure I wanted to go through with it. I let her know that I was sure, that I wanted her to teach me how to make myself feel that good.

She got up and pulled the comforter off her bed and told me to undress myself. I quickly dropped my shorts and panties together, then pulled my shirt off, followed by my training bra. I hopped up on the bed and waited for her to tell me what to do next. I was too excited to be nervous or embarrassed at that point and couldn?t wait for her to teach me something grown up. 

My sister looked at me and cracked a soft smile at my anticipation. She slowly undressed herself and climbed up on her bed next to me. She sat so her feet were towards the head of the bed and her right leg was pressed up against my left leg. She looked right at me, smiled and said, ?Okay Jac, watch carefully to what I?m doing and do exactly what I do to myself to yourself.?

She reached down between her legs and begun running her fingers up and down the length of her lips on the outside of them. I repeated what I saw on myself and while not intense, it felt good. She continued her movements up and down her lips, gradually moving more towards the center each time. Once again, I mimicked her movements and just like before, it felt good. I noticed that her nipples had become stiff and she had her left hand up cupping her supple breast. I tried doing the same as I had just started growing breasts of my own, so I wasn?t as successful.

Eventually she pressed two fingertips down against the top of her slit, and when I followed suit this time, it felt rather intense and sent an electric shock straight from my crotch and outward throughout my body, and this is when my nipples became erect. She started rubbing that sweet spot in slow, ever increasing circles and I went along. At this point I felt something very new and incredible to my young, inexperienced mind. My whole body felt warm and I was tingling all over between my legs. I could feel a wet, slightly sticky substance start to develop under my fingers, which made my circles move faster and smoother.

I started going on my own a bit and wasn?t paying attention to my sister as much anymore. When I did look back at her, she was leaning back on her elbow and had two fingers pushed inside her pussy. She was pumping them in and out of herself quite rapidly. Upon seeing this I decided I should try it too, so I tried sliding two of my fingers inside myself but I couldn?t get them in, I was too tight. I figured maybe one would work and I was right, my one finger slid into me and I pushed until my entire finger was buried in my virgin pussy. (I should mention that my hymen had been broken at some point earlier in my life while I was participating in sports.) This brought on a whole new set of feelings, which was incredible. I felt the wet, sticky fluid inside me, my insides were hot and squeezing against my finger. I started pulling it out and pushing it back in slowly to get accustomed to this new sensation.

I had my eyes closed and was going on instinct by now. I heard a low moan and a little sort of yelp sound come from next to me. I opened my eyes to see my sister with her fingers buried deep inside herself and she was holding them tight there, the heel of her hand pressed firmly up against her mound. I noticed a substance which was white and a little bit thick seeping out around her fingers and when I noticed that, I looked down between my own legs and noticed the same fluid in much smaller quantities, around my finger. I looked back up at my sister, I saw that her stomach and thighs were twitching and her lips were a very deep pink. She was breathing much heavier, her chest and face had turned the reddish pink color I had seen them earlier that day. She had stopped moving so I figured she had finished and now it was my turn to experience release.

I leaned back onto her pillows and closed my eyes. I brought my left hand up and started rubbing my sensitive little nipples and began thrusting my finger in and out of my pussy faster. It really started feeling intense now so I decided I?d try and get that second finger inside of me. I brought my middle finger up and pushed it in my pussy when I thrust my index finger back in me. I inhaled sharply as it was a very tight fit but I?d loosened up enough to get it in me. The feelings rushing through my body were stronger than anything I?d ever felt before. All of a sudden I felt my entire body stiffen up, my legs straightened out, my stomach tightened up and I arched my back as the first orgasm of my young life rushed through my body. The intense feelings coursed through me for only a matter of seconds, but it felt like forever.

My body loosened up and my butt fell back down on the bed. I took a deep breath and opened my eyes to see my sister looking right at me and smiling. My legs were twitching just like I had seen hers doing and almost my whole body was red or pink. I looked back down between my legs and saw the sticky substance seeping out around my fingers and it was really warm. I pulled my fingers from my sensitive pussy and they were covered in my cum. I was taking long, deep breaths and I could feel my heartbeat in my crotch.

My sister handed me a little hand towel on my sticky fingers and told me to clean up with that. She gave me a soft smile and slid off the bed. She told me that she hoped I learned what I wanted and headed off to the bathroom. I just giggled to myself and was glad my big sister taught me something so intimate. 

