It was not common for Symond to get a personal summon from King Varian. When the sealed paper was handed to him via messenger telling of urgent news and an even more urgent assignment to be given, Symond packed his gear and took wing on the fastest griffon available from the Flight Master from Sentinel Hill.
As he sailed above the trees of his familiar homeland, his curiosity and excitement grew. He was one of the youngest paladins in the service to the King and as such, he felt he was often underestimated. For his age, he had a firm grasp of the Light. The winds blew through his long blond hair and the mists of the altitude cooled his hairless face. His armor creaked as he shivered slightly. Metal armor on griffon back flying at the speed they were did not make a warm journey. His growing excitement warmed him as he saw the grand gates of Stormwind open up before them.
Once landed, the young paladin took no time to get his "land legs" back but summoned his holy steed as soon as he was able. With great haste, he rode swiftly to the castle taking note of the many people in the trade quarter selling or trading their wares. Several guards saluted him or simply nodded as he passed.
He dismounted and dismissed his steed as the great halls of the castle opened. The guards stood aside holding their halberds straight at their attention stance. Symond walked purposefully towards the throne room hearing voices discussing something. As he drew near, he heard the unmistakable baritone voice of King Varian.
The King was seated on his throne. His eyes were intense but calm and his long raven black hair was tied up into a sweeping ponytail. Beside him stood Jaina Proudmoore who served as not only an advisor to the king, but it was also well known that she was the Envoy of the Alliance. Rumor had it she was actually friends with the Horde Warchief, Thrall. This is not what made Symond pause, however. Four strange people stood near the throne talking with the king. Although dressed in armor and robes of various stations, they were anything but the normal type of people Symond was used to seeing.
The leader of the troop was about six feet tall with blue skin and fiercely glowing white eyes. Two horns sprouted from his forehead to curve over ridge bones in a sweeping hairline. Beneath some neatly trimmed facial hair, two tentacle appendages grew down from the sides of his chin that sported rings and jewelry. His massive torso was held up by two powerful haunches ending in slightly furred cloven hooves. A tail swept lazily behind him also decorated with rings.
Symond had heard of the Draenei ever since they joined the Alliance after their ship crashed on Azeroth. He had never actually met any of them until now. He also noticed a female among them. Her sweeping horns framed her delicate face and he shapely body was prominent under close fitting robes. She too had blue skin the color of the ocean depths as well as a slender tail and cloven hooves that extended from very shapely, if not goat-like, legs. Symond found he could not tear his gaze from the exotic Draenei until he heard King Varian address him by name.
"Ah Symond Brightmorn," King Varian said in a voice that filled the throne room with authority. Symond approached the throne as all eyes turned to regard him, including the wondrous female Draenei. He bowed low at the foot of the throne's dais.
"My King," he said with full respect. "I came as quickly as I could."
"You are a perfect example of the Light, my Young Paladin," King Varian said with pride. The Draenei all nodded in agreement and approval. "This mission you are to undertake is of the utmost importance."
Symond stood as the king beckoned him to stand. "What is my mission, Your Majesty?"
"You are to take Vallun, a Draenei priest of great renown, to our encampment in the Barrens," The king replied. "You two will provide much needed prayer and confidence in the forces there as we strive to stem the Horde from tearing more into Ashenvale."
Symond had heard of the Alliance forces heading en masse to the Barrens. He was very excited at this news. He grew even more excited as Vallun stepped forward and turned out to be the exotic Draenei female he had admired the whole time. She bowed to him in a customary greeting and he smiled. Her smile brightened her face more than he imagined and he almost didn't hear the king's next statement.
"Of course, Your Majesty," Symond replied turning his attention to the king. "We will leave immediately."
Symond found Vallun to be very intriguing. Instead of a horse, like his steed, she rode atop a large alien animal called an Ellek. It was a rather large animal, but proved to be as agile as a horse. Talking to her was rather difficult as the Ellek was twice the size of his horse and he had to shout to be heard. It wasn't until they reached Ashenvalle and found the inn that the two travelers could finally talk.
The Night Elf innkeeper apologized but there was only a single room available. It seemed that the war in the forests left many rooms full for priests and druids to work their magic and help fallen soldiers recover. Symond was a little nervous about the arrangement but hid his secret happiness at the interesting turn of events.
Vallun asked many questions about Azeroth claiming that she had not ventured very far from the Exodar. They exchanged stories and more than a few mugs of Night Elven wine (which seemed to affect the Draenei more than Symond expected).
"Ah, I fear I have drunk too much Elven spirits," Vallun remarked in her lilting accented Common. Her accent was like music to Symond's ears and, with the help of a little drunken slur, he found it to be totally irresistible.
"Forgive me, Vallun," Symond said with an embarrassment. "I must say I had never had the pleasure of meeting a Draenei before and that you are ... quite the specimen."
Vallun laughed a bright titter that Symond found even more enduring. She shifted her legs and even daintily covered her mouth. Symond found her to be strangely desirable. His eyes unconsciously looked over her. In the candle lit tavern, her skin took on a darkened sky appearance and he found that her body was completely smooth except for the very tops of her hooves. Her long black hair was brushed back with her horns curving in slender angles that were not only functional in ways, but extremely alluring. Having a tail and hocked legs made her posture very prominent as it caused her to square her shoulders, puff out her chest (and very ample breasts), and stick out her voluptuous rear to balance.
"I will admit to you that I haven't been around many Humans either," she whispered as if sharing a deep secret. She leaned forward and Symond grinned as he leaned across the table to hear her. "I must say I find your race to be very attractive if not in an alien manner."
He couldn't help but notice that she too was examining him with wandering (and interested) eyes. He was no expert on her racial features, but it seemed her eyes glowed just a little brighter. Finally her eyes locked on his and they sat staring for a few heartbeats longer before Symond spoke.
"Perhaps," he began leaning in closer to her and taking her drained mug from her hand, "we should retire to our room."
Vallun gasped and her eyes widened a little in surprise. Symond worried for a moment that he had been too forward until she stood with the grace of a gazelle and nodded towards the stairs leading to their room. Symond stood as well, drinking the last of his wine and nodding thanks to the innkeeper before following Vallun up the stairs. He took the time to lustily watch her ample hips sway as she hobbled half-drunk up the stairs.
Once the door closed solidly behind them, they stood looking into each other's eyes taking in the moment and allowing the wine to squash any uncertainties they might be having. They smiled, giggled a little like children, and blushed.
"I'm afraid I'm not sure how to start this interracial act of coupling," Vallun whispered.
"What do Draenei do in this situation?" Symond asked.
"Well," she replied running a nervous hand over one of her smooth horns. "Normally a female and male butt their horns together in a sort of mating ritual; however, seeing that Humans do not have horns, I think it would either crack your skull in the impact or render you unconscious."
"Ah yes," Symond agreed, "that would be a problem."
Vallun bit her bottom lip and coyly scraped the tip of her hoof on the floor. "And um, what do Humans do in this situation?" she asked.
In response, Symond approached her and ran his hands down her shoulders, brushing away her hair and gently pushing the fabric of her robes off. She gasped as he took her lips to his. Her lips were not human, but warm and full just the same. Symond kissed her tenderly until she seemed to relax and kiss him in return. She ran her hands along his arms feeling the strong muscles made by years of sword practice. He lowered his head and started kissing her shoulders. Vallun sighed and moaned softly letting him know that not only did Draenei kiss, but the attention her gave her beautiful blue skin was perfect. The fabric of her robe was pushed down further until it slipped off her shoulders and pooled at her hooves on the floor.
Symond stood back some still holding her close as he examined her now uncovered breasts. They were rounded and as blue as the rest of her skin with violet nipples erect and beautiful that were aching to be touched as the cool air of the room caressed them. Vallun pushed her chest out more displaying them prominently for Symond to admire. Her excitement grew more and more apparent as her breath quickened and she licked her lips seductively.
Sensing that she was curious at what a Human looked like, Symond pulled off his under garment shirt. The Draenei gasped in pleasure seeing his muscular torso. Light blond hair adorned his broad chest and his abdomen flexed as he breathed in deeply and sighed. Tight flesh outlined the muscles flexing in the light of the candle making the shadows and highlights of Symond's naked body tantalize Vallun.
Hesitantly, Vallun ran her fingers delicate and attentively over Symond's impressive chest and abdomen. Her breath caught and she swallowed an invisible lump in her throat. Symond looked into her eyes when they locked onto his and gently but firmly ran his hands over her flat stomach and cupped her soft bountiful breasts.
Remembering what she said about butting horns gave Symond an idea. Lowering himself to his knees, Symond massaged and suckled her hard violet nipples. Vallun hummed in pleasure as he teased and licked her turgid buds with passion. Without warning, Symond bit down and pulled one nipple hard. Vallun gasped and cried out as her eyes flew open in shock. Her legs began to crumple under her and she was about to collapse until Symond grabbed both globes of her generous buttocks and lifted her up. Vallun moaned loudly in a primal cry of lust and pleasure. So Draenei do like it rough, Symond mused to himself.
He continued to give her attention until she could no longer stand on her own. As if she had thrown all shyness out the window, Vallun reached down and tugged at Symond's breeches. He stood kissing her fiercely as he helped her with fumbling hands letting his breeches meet with her robes on the floor. Her hand wrapped around his hardening member and she gasped.
"By the Light," she breathed as she stroked him to full hardness. "Oh, Symond. It ... it's beautiful! I've never seen such a beautiful cock!"
"I take it that mine is different from a male Draenei," he mused.
"Not as large," she said smiling, "but the coloring and shape is very ... pleasing."
She continued to stroke him as they kissed devouring each other's mouths. His tongue danced with hers and even scraped on her teeth with a small prick of pain. Symond found out that Draenei have longer, sharper canine teeth than Humans had. They moved cautiously to the bed and Symond gently laid Vallun on the soft mattress. She propped herself on her elbows as she lay on her back with legs spread open and her tail swaying lazily under her. Wanting to see if a Draenei had similar anatomy, Symond kissed her flat stomach and pulled away her underwear. Much to his pleasure, she had the most beautiful pussy he had ever seen. It was smooth and hairless soft and blue like the rest of her body. When he gently spread open her nether lips (and this she enjoyed by cooing something in Draenei), he found the inside flesh to be deep purple as her blood rushed to the area making it sensitive and wet. A slightly erect purple clitoris peered out from a purple hood at the crown of her soaked pussy and Symond licked it lovingly long and slow.
Vallun cried out in surprise and pleasure suddenly gripping his shoulders and tightening her thighs. "By the Light!" she cried out, "Humans lick each other?"
"Sometimes," Symond replied smiling while still poised between her strong thighs. "Do you like it?"
"Oh yes!" she cried excitedly, "I've never had a mate do that before! Please, do it again!"
"I would love to," he said with a smile and a wink," just take care not to kick me, ok?" He gently tugged at her ankle shaking one of her hooves to emphasize his point. Vallun giggled and nodded as she lay back and arched her hips up to give him easier access.
Symond laughed boyishly and dove back into her sweet womanhood with agonizingly slow and strong strokes with his tongue. Vallun gasped and moaned pulling and twisting her nipples as he sweetly tortured her with his lips and tongue. Her tail whipped a few times like a cat until Symond grabbed hold of it to keep it under some control. When he had a firm grip on it, she suddenly arched up and came hard gasping as if drowning in her own pleasure. So, her tail is also sensitive, he discovered. This was turning out to be very exciting.
She rose suddenly positioning herself on her knees and standing Symond up. Looking into his eyes, she started to lick up and down his member. Her tongue was slightly longer than a Human's and wrapped as much as it could around his hard shaft. She cupped and massaged his scrotum as she licked shaft and tip.
"Do Human females lick males like this?" she asked.
Symond grunted some. Her tongue felt good. "Yes," he replied, "only females tend to ... suck on the shaft of a cock more than lick."
Vallun looked at his hard throbbing member cradled in her hands as she contemplated. "You mean like this?" she asked before opening her mouth wide and plunging his entire cock down her wet warm throat. It was Symond's turn to gasp and loose the feeling in his legs.
"OH gods above yes," he hissed in ecstasy. He remembered her long sharp teeth and added "just be mindful of your teeth. It's very sensitive."
Vallun hummed an affirmative reply as she worked his cock in her mouth slurping and sucking gently and then applying pressure with her tongue and cheeks. He stroked her horns as her head bobbed with strong even strokes and her fingers massaged and gently squeezed his scrotum. She hummed in pleasure matching his groans as he felt his body heat up and his scrotum tighten up. She must have felt it too as she began to suck harder and faster stroking his shaft with her hand as her lips enveloped him before he could give her a warning. Symond grabbed her horns tightly and she grabbed him around the waist pulling him deep into her mouth as he exploded in stream after stream of his warm cum. She swallowed almost greedily moaning in pleasure as she applied pressure to his cock and squeezed his scrotum milking him of all he could release. Symond sank to his knees on the edge of the bed as she freed his member from her mouth.
"Amazing!" she said excitedly licking her lips. "Human ejaculate tastes delicious!"
They shared a laugh at this surprising revelation and kissed deeply. Vallun pressed against him until both she and he worked themselves up into a lustful need once more.
"Are you ready for this?" Symond asked her. "Are you ready to couple with a Human?"
As if in response, Vallun quickly turned around and positioned herself on her hands and knees displaying her firm round buttocks and soaked weeping sex. "Take me Human," she purred. "I am very ready for this."
Making a mental note that Draenei preferred it from behind, Symond mounted her and slid his hard cock into her wet folds. Almost instantly, her pussy flexed around him taking in his length and girth. He slowly pushed harder letting her womanhood swallow him fully all the way to the root. Vallun moaned in ecstasy and arched her back throwing her head back and gripping the sheets.
Symond stopped as he filled her fully and adjusted his position on the bed to drive downward into her. The results were better than he imagined. Vallun arched her back to such an angle that she was able to almost look him in the eyes. He took this opportunity to grab her shoulders as his pace increased sometimes leaning forward between strokes to kiss her tapping her buttocks with his thighs and giving her deep small strokes. Vallun moaned and writhed gasping in Draenei. She moaned out a few words in Common as he started to fuck her harder.
"Oh by the Light," she gasped. "Harder, Symond! It feels so good ... just ... do it harder ... please!"
Symond was soon accommodating her by pounding her with all his strength. The Draenei was literally screaming with ecstasy. The bed creaked in protest under them and Symond feared that their tryst might be too much for the furniture to take. Damn the furniture, he thought. This was the best sex he had ever experienced!
Vallun thrashed and moaned under the beautiful onslaught of Symond's love making. Although he was not as large as a Draenei, he certainly made up for it in sheer passion. She felt her juices flowing in small rivers down her thighs as Symond's wonderful Human cock filled her again and again. She wanted to cum so badly. She felt her insides coil slowly and knew she was close. Her pussy wept for release.
"Oh... oh, Symond," she gasped and moaned. "Please ... make me cum ... you torture me so exquisitely my wonderful Human ... oooh ... please... PLEASE ... do it..."
Symond was already fucking her as hard and as fast as he could. If the bed didn't give out from under them, his hips and back certainly would. Already his muscles were protesting and his cock was swelling inside her. I'll be damned if I cum before she does, he thought. Not her. Not this beautiful creature he had explored so wonderfully.
He suddenly thought of her tail that thrashed against him as he fucked her. Reaching down, he gripped it tight and stroked the base of her tail as if he were masturbating. The result was fantastic. Vallun tensed up like a bow and trembled. She cried out until her voice faded away into a whisper. She soaked his cock and scrotum as well as most of his thighs as he continued to plow deep inside her. The feeling of her orgasm and the walls constricting on his cock was too much for Symond to take.
"I'm cumming, Vallun!" he gasped.
"Do it, cum inside me!" She cried looking over her shoulder at him with begging eyes. "We are ... different species ... do not worry ... just fill me!"
With that, Symond thrust deep to her womb and came. After the last spurt of his love filled her canal, Symond collapsed with Vallun on the bed that also seemed to creak in relief after their intense sex. The Human and Draenei panted and struggled to calm their fiercely beating hearts as Vallun turned with Symond still inside her to clutch him close to her chest. They lay for several moments, sweating and spent until their heartbeats and breaths merged as one.  
It was there that the night turned into early morning and the two lovers from different worlds fell asleep in each other's arms.