Exhibitionist Gets More Than She Asked For
by King 

Part 1

What do you think of this example:

you finally shared with your best friend about your kink for exhibitionism. You told him about how you think about being naked and humiliated in front of strangers and onlookers, and how you feel yourself get wet just thinking about it. You never thought you’d share something so personal with your best friend, I mean it’s humiliating and you think he may never talk to you again… instead, he accepts it and devised a plan for you to explore all of your fantasies.

The plan was for you to wear your sexiest sundress (and literally NOTHING ELSE) to the mall. While you shop, he will come around and flip your skirt up, momentarily exposing your bum and bush. He will also lightly tug downwards on the strapless dress, just enough to momentarily expose your nipples to the world and cause you to readjust the dress. You tell him, “idk.. I know it’s a fantasy, but I don’t want that many people seeing me like that, it’s humiliating!” He responds, “look, I’ll keep it playful and tasteful! I’ll only do it when no one is around and I’ll give you full control so you never feel uncomfortable.” You liked his response enough that you agree to try it out.

You arrive at the mall and as you get out of the car, you adjust your strapless dress, making sure that your nipples are safely covered. As you walk, you feel the wind blow through the dress on your bare body. This excites you, reminds you about just how exposed you really are in this moment. You get to the escalator and start riding up. No one is around and your friend lifts the back of your dress causing you to spin around nervously. He gives you a wink, “nice ass!” He says playfully. You smile and blush as you feel your heart racing. You arrive at the first store, it’s modern outfitters and you figure you need new jeans anyway so might as well take advantage of your time at the mall. As you walk through an isle, looking for some jeans, you feel a slight tug downward on your dress, you look down and see one of your nipples is out and you quickly cover up and look around nervously. No one saw. “Man that was hot,” you think to yourself. You leave the store carrying a bag with your new jeans an a tee shirt you liked. Your friend looks at you and says, “let’s get a little more public with this thing.” A group of 3 black dudes who looked about 20 years old we’re approaching. You push him playfully, thinking he’s messing around. Then, he reaches down and grabs the bottom of your dress and flips it up, exposing your bush for probably half of a second to the group of guys walking by. You blush and push your dress down around your body and nervously smile at them as they walk by laughing and saying things like “did you see that?!” To one and other. “You asshole!” You say to him and he responds, “ oh cmon! You loved that, I bet you’re getting so wet…” he was right. You felt the tingle between your legs and your legs were visibly shaking. “Whatever, let’s go get lunch” you say to him as you get on the escalator to the food court and he follows right behind you.

As you ascend the escalator, all you can think about is how hot it was being exposed to those boys. You’re normally pretty shy, but you were thinking about letting all 3 of them take you back to their car and slut you out in the parking lot. How hott would that be you think, feeling a little wetness slide down your leg from the excitement. At this point, you can’t wait to go home and masturbate, you forget that you were even on the escalator and as you approach the top, you forget to step off. The escalator keeps going and since you didn’t lift your foot, your flip flop gets caught in the machine and you stumble forward, leaving your sandal behind. You hear the escalator making loud noises like an engine going out as your sandal was now stuck. You freeze in place and look to see that quite a few people in the cafeteria taking notice to the escalator’s troubling noises. Then all of a sudden, the escalator stops and lets out a very loud alarm sound 🚨 to warn people to stay clear of the breaking machine. The noise was so loud that everyone in the cafeteria went silent and turned to look at you. You stood still, frozen with embarrassment, “I can’t believe you broke the escalator” you think to yourself. By now you had forgotten about your friend as all you were thinking about was the hundreds of eyes staring right at you and all you can think about is how naked you are under your little sundress. Then, like a nightmare, you felt a pair of hands grip tightly on either side of your sundress just about at waist level. That’s when it happened… *WHOOSH you felt an extremely strong tug downward, the elastic from the top sliding completely off your breasts, down your stomach and over your pelvis. It felt like slow motion as you felt the dress glide right past your hips, down your legs and then crumple up at the floor around your ankles. Your friend had yanked your sundress to the floor… the whole crowd erupted in laughter and shock as your “friend” was now rolling on the floor in laughter. Your body was paralyzed and the humiliation was too much. You felt your body reaching orgasm from all the stimulation. You let out an uncontrollable shreek “UUUUGGGHHHHHH” as you reached down to pull your dress on. You pulled it up, grabbed your bag and SPRINTED back down the escalator, legs shaking, still in mid orgasm. You moaned as you ran through that mall and back to your car. By the time you got to the car you were finally finished cumming. You got in the car and left, leaving your asshole friend at the mall. “That the most intense orgasm I’ve ever had.” And when you got home you immediately masturbated to the memory of what had just taken place. As a matter of fact, you masturbated the whole day and night away. Maybe you liked it more than you thought? Maybe you have to set up something for the future to relive that humiliation?


Part 2

Since that day at the mall, you haven’t been in contact with your friend Brad. It’s been 2 weeks since then, and he’s called you a dozen times but you ignore him. Why would you want to talk to him anyway? You two had a deal to keep things light hearted and fun, but that’s far from what happened. He humiliated you, however, you can’t stop thinking about it. The feeling of standing in front of 50+ people, naked underneath your slutty little dress. You remember the sound the escalator made drawing all of their eyes to you. You remember the feeling of brads fingers closing their grip on either side of that dress. The part you think about the most is the pause right before he tugged your dress down. The feeling of knowing what was about to happen and having no control to stop it. The feeling of an entire crowds gaze locked on you, knowing that you were about to be completely naked, exposed and helpless in front of such a massive group of strangers. Again, two whole weeks have passed and it’s still at the top of your mind. You’ve masturbated to the thought of it everyday. I mean, how could you not? It was so hot… What happened next is the thought that you cum to every night. You loved it when Brad yanked your dress downward. You can’t lie to yourself. The feeling of that thin material plummeting downward, straight over your massive double D’s causing them to bounce and jiggle into view. The way the dress slid right past your stomach, and hips until it was pooled up around your ankles. You remember looking down to see your bare tits and shaved pussy completely on display, and when you looked back up the crowd had erupted in laughter at your very own humiliation. God damn it was hot, and maybe you just need to admit to yourself that you liked it. Maybe, you need to tell Brad the truth because he’s the only one that has ever made you cum so hard and he never even touched you. Just then, you hear a knock on your door. You look out the window and see Brad standing on your porch…

When you answer the door, he immediately floods you with apologies. He explains how he got caught in the moment and took things too far, that he never meant to make you upset. He explained how much he values your friendship and that it would never happen again… when he said that, your heart sunk. You were finally coming to the realization that you want it, need it to happen again. Ever since that day, you’ve been craving humiliation even a fraction as good as that one. You then respond to him, letting him know that you forgive him and that you still want to be friends with him. He responds elated, “THANK YOU! I never wanted to lose our friendship, let’s just go back to the way things were before any of this ever happened.” But he doesn’t know that you will never be the same.

After about a week, everything seemed to be back to the way it was, but not for you. That moment at the mall woke something up inside of you and you finally decided to admit to Brad your deepest secret. “Brad?” You say, “I’ve got to tell you something…” he looked at you, awaiting your response. “I liked it,” when you said this, he knew immediately what you meant. You explained to him all of your feelings about it and how good/sexy it made you feel. You told him about how you stay up at night thinking about it and how, while your a bit embarrassed, you want something like that to happen again. He sat next to you, white faced with a look of shock on his face. “Please say something!” You exclaim, “this is extremely embarrassing for me!” But he was still frozen in his place, dumbfounded. It wasn’t until you looked down and saw the massive tent pitched in his shorts, that you realized why he was so shook up. The whole thing made him horny beyond belief. He finally spoke up and told you that he hasn’t been able to get it off his mind. How he stays up masturbating to the memory of what happened. He tells you how hot you looked from behind when he yanked your little dress to your feet. He told you that even the thought of exposing your naked body to that crowd made his balls ache. Then you respond, “well, let’s do something about it.” “What do you mean?” He responds, confused on what you could be eluding to. “Let’s try it again.” You say, “let’s set up another situation and I’ll let you strip me however you want…” and with that, the planning began.


