Jenna's Birthday Gift
by Helmhood

“I can’t believe you bought me something for my birthday,” I exclaimed, perhaps a bit too excitedly. Although I had to admit, I was really surprised.

Timmy stared at me as I held the white cardboard box like it was the most precious thing in the world. Finally, I realized I must seem impolite, so I opened up the box, pulling out its contents. The light cardboard fell to the floor. A little note tumbled out as well, which the boy quickly retrieved.

“Oh, it’s a shirt,” I remarked. “These are interesting colors, I suppose.”

“Why don’t you go into the bathroom and try it on,” Timmy suggested. “And here, make sure you read the card before you come back out.”

Suspecting he might be up to something, I hesitated. But then, holding the fabric up against my chest, I said, “All right. Thanks, Timmy…”

I took the card from him with my free hand, and then turned to head into the little room just off the hallway. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the teenager had turned the other way and went to find himself a seat in my living room.

After a few moments passed, I nervously opened the door. Walking down the hall I came to stand before the couch where Timmy was sitting. The shirt, which was his birthday present to me, was a snug fit, but not too tight. It had short sleeves, and came down to the middle of her thighs. The color pattern was done in swirls of Caribbean hues like peach, turquoise, and white foam. I actually thought it looked kind of nice.

“Did you read the card?” he asked, casually resting the ankle of one foot on his other knee.

I found myself standing shyly, with my legs very close together. “Yes, I did. It said I had to wear this shirt, with nothing else on beneath. I had to take off my pants, and bra and panties, and then put my boots back on!”

“So you are not wearing any underwear?” he pressed, knowing that I was extremely embarrassed.

Slowly, I turned around, allowing the teenager to take in my full curvy figure. While I was facing away from him, I brought my fingers to the edge of the shirt at my sides. Inch by inch, I lifted the material until first my hips came into view, and then I lifted even higher. Well, Timmy could definitely see that I was bottomless. I kept my knees locked together modestly, so he wouldn’t be able to see my pussy lips from behind. I felt myself blushing, the color flushing in my cheeks and all the way up my bare back. Obviously, I didn’t have any bra straps either.

“Satisfied?” I asked with a huff as I continued to stand on display.

“For the moment,” Timmy chuckled.

At that remark, I firmly lowered the shirt back down so everything was covered. Turning to face the boy, I commented, “I really don’t think these boots go with this outfit…”

It was meant to be sarcastic. Some outfit… the single long shirt. Probably, Timmy thought the boots looked fine. White, and made of shiny leather, they accentuated my shapely legs very well. Suddenly he jumped to his feet.

“So then, we’re all set! It’s time for us to go…”

I gasped as Timmy took my hand, and then started pulling me after him. “Oh! You’re not really going to make me go outside like this?”

“Yeah, the evening is still early, and this is only the beginning of your birthday surprise!” he taunted, and squeezed my fingers.

“Um, well, where are we going?”

The two of us reached the door to my house, but the boy wasn’t ready to release his hold on me. Walking down the steps, I was pulled into the warm night air, although it was yet light outside. Once we started toward my car parked in the street, I saw Timmy take my keys out of his pocket. He must have swiped them while I was changing!

“You’ll find out soon enough, Jenna.”

None too pleased, I pursed my lips at him, and folded my arms tight across my chest. But as we drew closer to the vehicle I suddenly realized I would be making a trip, dressed in so little. My brown eyes went wide. I had already opened the lock, and Timmy slid in on the passenger side. Meanwhile, I slowly walked around to the driver’s side where I stood for a moment unsure about what lay ahead of me.

“I still have certain photographs of you, and some video, too,” the devious teenager said. His words were pleasant enough, but laced with the promise of further humiliation. “So, are you getting in?”

I really had no choice but to open the door and hop onto the soft seat cushion. Running my hands along the steering wheel, I bit my lip and reached over to close the door shut. Then I started the engine.

“You really need to get a better car” Timmy twisted on his side and mocked me.

“At least I have a car!” I laughed, but immediately regretted it. Trying not to upset him, I asked, “So what kind of car do you think I should drive?”

“I don’t know,” the boy pouted for a moment. “Maybe a convertible…”

“Oooh, that sounds nice,” I replied and tried to sound friendly.

Timmy crossed his arms and smirked. “Yeah, it would be perfect if I ever make you drive around town topless!”

“I wish you wouldn’t make me do these things,” I muttered as the car drove down the street. “You’re going to get me in trouble!”

I didn’t know where we were going, or what Timmy had planned. When I tried to get some information, he only poked fun at me, and mentioned the crazy things I had done so far. I tried to keep my eyes on the road, but it was hard to concentrate given the subject of the conversation. And here I was, a twenty-four-old young woman, being intimidated by a high school kid! I suppose it didn’t help that I was dressed only in boots and a shirt. Finally after we headed into a part of town I was not too familiar with, the boy turned to glance at me.

“There’s a carnival fair, I want us to check out, Jenna.”

With a free hand, I self-consciously gripped the hem of the shirt and said, “Are you serious? You want me to go out in public like this?”

“Why not?” Timmy grinned. “It could be pretty daring…”

I told him that I was not too sure about this, and even huffed and squirmed in the seat behind the wheel. But soon we arrived on the grounds of the fair, and I found an isolated place to park. Turning off the ignition, I waited a moment before I grabbed the keys. Timmy made me give them to him, since I didn’t have any pockets anyway. I guess it also made him feel even more in control. I sat quietly just to collect my thoughts. Until, the boy step outside and walked around the car to open my door.

Timmy tugged on the sleeve of my shirt, and I let him pull me out of the car. Reluctantly, I rose to my feet. For a second, we stood very close to each other. And then he reached around my body, to impatiently push the door shut.

“I’m going to have to be very careful,” I observed, smoothing down the shirt in front of my thighs.

“Oh, you’ll be fine,” he assured me, as we started to walk toward the lights and noises of the fair. “Stop complaining!”

I made a face at the boy, and continued to grouch. “Some way to show a girl a good time, huh!”

Unfortunately, my voice cracked just a little, and he could tell I was nervous. Maybe, as much as I hated to admit it, also excited. Timmy gave me a self-satisfied little smile. Our first stop would be at the booth to purchase some tickets.

As soon as I paid, with money Timmy must have taken from my purse back at my house, two other boys suddenly greeted us. Timmy’s friends! They circled around me, teasing and pinching at my shirt. They must have known I was nude underneath!

“You wouldn’t mind if we hang out tonight,” the one named Tom said.

“Yeah, the four of us will have a wonderful time!” Timmy answered, much to my dismay.

As the night progressed and darkness began creeping in, I tried to enjoy the games and rides and the atmosphere of carefree fun. There were a lot of other teenagers at the fair, and I kind of stood out. My curious shirt did nothing to hide the womanly curves of my body, winning stares from young boys (end even some girls) wherever we went. On the spinning rides, I had to be extra careful, and a few times, I’m sure I ended up flashing my crotch. Although I was absolutely mortified, and I even said that I was, part of me was feeling more exhilarated. The last ride of the night we tried was one of those giant swings that lifted in the air and spun around.

“OH MY GOSH!” I shouted out loud. “They can all see up this damn shirt!”

“Worth the price of admission, eh?” Timmy laughed back in the swing next to me.

When the ride picked up speed, I gripped the tightly wound metal cords to either side, holding on for dear life. Of course I was buckled in securely, but with both her hands unavailable, there was nothing to prevent the bottom of my shirt from being whipped up to my waist. I think the whole second half of the ride, I sat with my bare ass on the seat of the swing. On top of that, my legs were lifted and spread by the force of the revolutions… but the thrill of the wind rushing over my exposed pussy was unreal.

“That was AMAZING!” I confided to the boys. A little unsteady, I found myself hanging on to Timmy’s arm as we headed back to the parking lot.

I took note of a lot of leering faces and good-natured winks as we strolled through the crowd. By this time, my ponytail had come a little undone, and brunette strands were hanging loose. I think the boys noticed I was moving a lot easier in just a single item of clothing. Still, my legs trembled. Timmy opened the passenger side door of my car, and practically lowered my body to the seat.

“I think we should take off her boots,” Tom said.

“Do you think she’s wearing socks?” the other boy asked, his curiosity piqued.

In reply, I languidly stretched out one leg, allowing Timmy to pull down the zipper at the side. There was no need to point out that I really had no choice in the matter, because of the incriminating evidence in his possession. But without even protesting, I wondered if I was enjoying this on some level. It certainly was embarrassing to hear these teenagers talk about stripping me! Once the boot was removed, Timmy did the same with the boot on my other leg, though not without taking a moment to run his hands over my calf and the bottom of my bare foot. This made me giggle, but then I was ordered out of the car. They made me walk around the front to get behind the steering wheel, while the other boys piled into the back seat with my boots!

We had spent a couple of hours at the fair, and it was totally dark now as we started down the road, rows of street lamps illuminating our way. The radio had been turned on, blasting hard rock music. Among the four of us, I remained silent, wondering what would happen next. And then Timmy lowered the volume, turning to face me.

“Jenna, why don’t you take off the shirt…”

My eyes blinked, and I think my heart skipped a beat. There were butterflies fluttering in my tummy. “How… how am I going to do that?”

We drove for another mile down the quiet road. A car or two passed us quickly, approaching from the other lane, but it really seemed like we were the only ones out here. When we approached the next gas station, Timmy told me to pull in. I put the gear in park, but kept the motor idling.

“Now I think Tom can help you out of that shirt…” Timmy gave his friend sitting directly behind me the cue.

My hand still on the automatic gearshift, I held my breath. My toes curled, then my fingers slowly touched the edge of my new shirt. I sat forward, just as Tom reached over the headrest and started to peel the material up my body. A quick glance down, and my eyes were drawn to my bare flat tummy coming into view. Next thing I knew, my arms were being raised up as the opposite sides of the curled shirt were grasped and pulled higher. This caused my breasts to bounce up and down, uncovered. I tried to tell myself this wasn’t happening, but then my whole face was smothered in the fabric of my shirt. And then it was over my head and off completely. In the rearview mirror I stole a glance, only to see the boys playing with my one piece of clothing.

Timmy and Tom’s friend asked, “Is she naked?”

Discreetly, I folded my hands over my bush and stared straight ahead. But Timmy reached across with his one hand and touched my bare shoulder, poking my warm skin. My nipples hardened immediately.

“Totally naked,” Timmy turned around to inform his friends.

He then looked back at my body, where I had slung an arm over my tits, and told me to start driving! This did little to relax me, but now I let my knees separate a little so I could work the brake and gas pedal. Of course, I also had to put both my hands on the wheel, and now my nipples stood out very erect. Every time I used the turn signal, my boobs shook, and I knew Timmy was enjoying every moment of this.

“What… what do you mean?” I asked, surprised, when the teenager told me to head into a more populated part of town.

I was aware that my lower half was uncovered, revealing a trimmed strip of black pubic hair. Below peeked out the pink lips of my pussy. Somehow, I think they knew that I would not only be more embarrassed, but also aroused, if there was more of a chance of getting caught! So I turned down a side street, and then rounded a corner, easing the car into the main part of town.

We came to a red traffic light, and as I sat nervously at the intersection, I noticed young people walking along the sidewalk. Some stopped and stared, and I tried to hide my nudity by slinking down in the seat. This only resulted in me rubbing my butt down the upholstery, which felt pretty nice.

“Don’t worry, they’re probably checking out the car…” Timmy said sarcastically.

Even as he made the lighthearted remark, a large SUV came pulling up next to us. It was parked on the side that overlooked the driver’s window. The driver, a friendly looking fellow in a cowboy hat, rolled down his window and motioned for me to do the same. I refused, but of course Timmy had access to the power window buttons on his door panel as well. As the glass came slowly sliding down, I squealed and thought I would die of shame!

The other driver called out, “Nice curves!”

And then the light turned green, and with one hand on my pussy, my bare toes pressed down the gas pedal as we quickly accelerated. I continued to drive like that, using one-armed steering so I could hide my pubic mound. It’s a good thing I hadn’t shaved off all my hair! My face was already bright red.

“I suppose he was talking about the car!” I finally said in an annoyed voice. But somehow my body betrayed my words, suggesting that I enjoyed the attention.

“All right, I think you’ve made enough people happy this evening,” Timmy said and he allowed me to head off once more down a dark quiet street.

I maneuvered myself into a more comfortable position, but now lifted my arm to hold across my breasts. Wishing that my nipples weren’t so pointy, I turned to the teenager. “I sure hope you’re happy!”

“Almost…” he answered dryly, and we continued down another road.

Checking the street signs, I tried to concentrate on where I was going. Although, I really had no idea what was our destination. I mean, It was hard enough to focus sitting here totally naked, in a car with three other teenage boys. I know Timmy had almost seen everything, and the two in the back would keep leaning over to get a look at me. This made me a little flustered, as they made no attempt to touch me, but only stared. Stared at every inch of my bare skin! I started to spread my legs apart, and a couple of times reached down to stroke a finger across my pussy lips. The suspense was driving me crazy, as I bobbed my left knee up and down nervously, and wiggled my ass in the seat.

Finally I guess we arrived since Timmy asked me to pull the car up between the white lines of a parking stall, just in front of a sidewalk and a black iron-wrought fence. Following instructions, I turned off the engine and waited with my hands in my lap. It seemed like there was nobody else around. I heard the boys open the door (after Timmy took the keys) and piling out they shuffled around to the driver side.

“Time to get out,” Timmy smiled down at me.

I stared back up with my brown eyes wide. “No way! Are you serious, boys? I am totally nude…”

“It’s OK,” Tom told me. “No one is nearby. It will be safe.”

Pulling my brunette hair over my shoulder, I shyly poked my head out the car door, then bravely stretched a very bare leg forward. My toes hit the gravel on the ground. The teenagers just continued to watch me. I lowered my hand to cover my bush, and shifted the rest of my body… keeping thighs together, now cradling both boobs in one arm. It was very awkward as I stepped out into the open.

The night air was warm, but I still shivered just a little. Standing on the tips of my toes, not wanting the bottom of my bare feet to touch the ground, I looked around like a deer caught in the woods. I was absolutely naked!

“Come on, Jenna, let’s go…” Timmy said gruffly.

He reached out to grab my wrist, pulling her forward. His sudden movements caught me off balance and my other arm flailed out to the side. Now my breasts were uncovered and they jiggled wildly. I actually had to step quickly to keep up with the boy, and looking over my shoulder, I caught a glimpse of Tom and his friend checking out my ass. In this way, I was led off the parking lot, onto the grass.

“Where are we,” I asked a little breathless. “Is this… “

“The Park,” Timmy finished my question.

I yanked my hand free, letting go of Timmy so I could once more hide my tits and pussy. Spinning around, I cried, “But… but, there could still be people out here!”

Enjoying the ample view of her bare backside, the dominating teen answered, “Not too likely. This is the very edge of the park. The main entrance is on the other side of town. It will be quiet enough here to take on a little dare.”

“A little dare, huh? Wait…”

I imagined Timmy had locked the doors of my car, not to mention he was holding on to the keys. So I had no hope of returning there. As they started walking around the fence, I felt I simply had no choice but to come bouncing along after them. His friends seemed greatly amused by how I decided to hide my nudity, alternating which parts to cover. Now, jogging up to Timmy, I held my breasts with both hands. He paused, watching the way my hips flared out, seeing the dark strip of hair above her sex. I guess I was more embarrassed to reveal how hard my nipples were right now. He began to talk to me, but all I could think about was my pussy fully exposed.

“Are you listening to me, Jenna?” Timmy asked at last.

At the sound of his voice, I slowly lowered my hands across my stomach and over my bellybutton. My fingers came teasingly close to my pubic hair, and then clasped in front of my vulva.

“Jenna, I want you to do something for me. Further across this field, about fifty yards away, are the beginning of the picnic areas. I want you to run out there by yourself, and find some souvenir… anything like an empty beer bottle, or soda can. Something to prove you made it to the picnic tables, and bring it back with you.”

Standing there naked, I was quiet for a moment, considering the challenge. “You just want to watch my bare behind as I’m running!”

“That’s true,” Timmy admitted, and his friends laughed. “But there’s something else, Jenna. I’m going to be timing you. And if you don’t make it back to this spot with a treasure from the picnic grounds… I’m going to give you a spanking.”

In the dim light of the lamps posted back where we had parked, and under the glow of a bright moon, I’m sure they could see me blush from head to toe. I brought my hands to my mouth in shock and even looked away. When I lowered my arms to my sides, my breasts were fully displayed. Looking down, I think I actually watched my nipples extend and point skyward. They were long and hard, and I wanted to play with them!

Timmy held up his watch and said, “You had better get moving.”

Licking my lips, I nodded and started to turn away, no longer thinking about covering myself. I felt myself slipping into another world now, totally naked outside at night, in a public park. Arching my back, I ran my fingers sensuously through my hair, shaking it out. Moving forward, my ass slowly faded away from the boys. In another instant, I would be out of their line of vision, swallowed up by the dark.

A couple of minutes later, I did return and I was holding something in my hands. My legs felt weak, so I couldn’t make myself hurry any faster. My heart was pounding in my chest as my figure moved closer and closer to the boys, breasts jiggling with each step.

“What on earth is that?” Timmy pointed, eyeing what appeared to be a long wooden stick attached to a cylinder shaped object.

I playfully swished it back and forth and against my palm, then presented it to the teenager. “I don’t know. Looks like a burnt-out firecracker. But I found it on the ground near a picnic table.”

“Nicely done,” he said as he took the stick from my hands, and just as easily tossed it away. “But not done fast enough…”

“What… what do you mean?” I asked, going all shy again, clasping my now empty hands over my pussy. I could hear his friends snickering.

Walking around me, Timmy placed a hand on my smooth butt cheek, and leaned in to whisper in my ear. “You were gone for two minutes and thirty-four seconds.”

“You mean you were actually keeping time?” I rubbed a bare foot behind my leg nervously.

The boy moved in behind me, close enough to smell my perfume, then reached around my body to take my wrists and lift them to my head. “Two and half minutes seemed like a fair amount of time to fetch your stick. But I’m afraid you were four seconds late.”

“So what… happens now?” I asked in a soft voice, ever so slightly arching my back.

Timmy told me to spread my legs apart, and he made me plant my feet on the grass, at shoulder-width distance. I kept my fingers interlocked atop my head. Then he took a moment to devilishly let his fingers trace down my sides, feeling the soft warmth of my skin. I listened to the sounds all around me, but it seemed quiet as he took a step back. I was so anxious, and I think I was even getting wet down there!

SMACK!

“Oooh!” I squealed as Timmy suddenly brought his open palm across her butt.

He slapped my ass again, not too hard, but just that right combination of force that induced pleasure and a sweet sting of pain. Alternating cheeks, the teenager continued to spank me in front of his friends, as I stood totally nude in an open field of the park. Each time his hand made contact, I bounced a little on my toes, shaking up and down. Against my will, I let out all kinds of feminine sounds, and it probably sounded like I was enjoying it, even though I was greatly embarrassed. There was a pause just before the final slap came. I peeked down and thought I could see my labia hanging between my legs. A tempting sight, I hoped Timmy wouldn’t reach out to fondle my pussy. But instead, he firmly landed the last of my birthday spanking.

“There you go, Jenna, a nice healthy shade of pink!”

At that point, I turned around, showing the boys more pink than I wanted, while rubbing my tender behind. My mouth’s lower lip stuck out in a pout, and I slowly lowered my eyes, averting their collective gaze. But then I looked up again, inspired by a sudden idea, and wearing a naughty little grin.

“Hey, boys… why don’t you try to catch me if you can!” I deliberately taunted, spun on my heel, and dashed off into the park.

My heart started beating faster as behind me I heard Timmy reply, “Where do you think you are going? You’re STARK NAKED!”

I felt like a nymph as I jogged forward, my feet sweeping through the grass. My boobs bounced around wildly, and the air felt so good on my skin! It was my plan, of course, to have them chase me. I figured I would try to exhaust them, maybe even trick them into thinking I was playing along with them. Then, at the right moment, I would take my keys and run back to my car. I would put the shirt back on and drive off, leaving the boys without a ride home!

But the more the blades of grass tickled my bare feet, reminding me of my total nudity, the more I was getting turned on. Running through the park without any clothes, I was like an animal, a graceful antelope being tracked by three hunters. The more I thought about it, I realized this idea of me being the prize in some kind of game was pretty hot. I was feeling really sexy as I pushed deeper into the park.

As I slowed my pace, to look around, I saw that Timmy and his friends had yet to catch up with me. My confidence grew, and I let a hand run between my breasts and down my bare stomach. In the embrace of the night air, my whole body felt alive. I pinched and tweaked my nipples, stretching them out so they were fully extended. Even my clitoris was swollen and hard. Seductively, I put an index finger in my mouth and drew it out slowly. Wet with my saliva, I slipped it into my pussy…

And then I had a chilling thought. Timmy had my keys. I wasn’t sure if he knew how to drive, but what if… I mean, he could… The teens might just go back and drive off, leaving me out here totally naked! Then I thought I heard voices, but not those of the boys. It was a man, and a woman, a couple out for a late night stroll. And here I was, on the verge of bringing myself to orgasm. I squeezed my breasts in frustration and danced on my toes.

The voices became louder, more distinct. A greeting… two more people were out there, and said hello to the first couple! This was no good! I was naked and horny, and nowhere near any clothes. Well, I decided I had to make a run for it, at the risk of approaching walkers seeing my bare ass. As I headed off back in the direction I had come from, I lowered my hand to discreetly hide my frontal nudity. Unfortunately, all that made me want to do was rub my crotch some more, so I only pumped my arms at my side. I had no choice but to run back to the boys, with everything hanging out. I just hoped I didn’t get lost!

Retracing my steps, I picked my way across the field, mostly in the dark or by the dim light of the stars and moon above. Occasionally I turned around or looked over my shoulder, thinking someone might be following. I twisted my hair apprehensively. But more worrisome was the fact that there was no sign of Timmy and his friends. Shouldn’t they have jumped at the chance to chase a nude young woman, and given pursuit? I never thought I would look forward to seeing those teens.

Soon I recognized the spot where Timmy had spanked me, causing me to blush. In one direction were the picnic grounds, which meant the fence and the parking spaces had to be nearby. Then I remembered the large lampposts, and I started heading for the brighter edge of the field. Of course, these lights would only serve to greater illuminate my unclothed figure. Still, it was possible that I had lost the boys, and maybe I would reach my car undetected. Maybe I would be able to ditch them here after all!

But my hopes were dashed, when I cautiously peered around the iron fence and saw Timmy and the two teenagers hanging out by my car. Tom was even sitting on the trunk, smoking a cigarette! I looked down at my toes in the grass and took a deep breath. My humiliation would continue.

“Wow, just look at those high beams!” Tom laughed between puffs of smoke.

With that, I brought my hands up, feeling the erect nipples tickle my palms. But I continued to walk toward them, my feet stepping on to the pavement.

“Now what was that stunt about, Jenna… what were you trying to do?” Timmy leaned against the driver side door and swung my key chain in his hand. “And just for that, you must lower you arms out of the way.”

I was standing maybe three feet in front of the teenagers, and had even shifted my hands so that I could cover my boobs and pussy. “Please don’t…”

“Put your hands at your sides,” Timmy said, displeased with my actions.

“I’m sorry,” I apologized as I let my fingers brush against my hips. I really did feel foolish about running away from them.

Now the boys looked at my entire body, well-lit under the street light. Nothing was hidden. Taking great interest in the lingering signs of my arousal, Timmy asked, “Did you run off so you could find a place to masturbate?”

“No!” I cried, but I was afraid I didn’t look very convincing. I even stood up on my toes a little, which had the effect of trusting my breasts and pubic mound forward.

Tom looked at his friends, then turned back to me and said, “Tell the truth, Jenna… did you cum?”

“N-no… not yet,” I answered honestly. Although I wished I hadn’t added that last part.

“But you did touch yourself, didn’t you?” Timmy the bastard kept up the third degree.

Now I was really embarrassed. I couldn’t believe he was asking me this in front of his friends! But I was afraid they might ask me to do something more embarrassing if I didn’t cooperate. Part of me wanted to do what I was afraid they might ask, if that makes any sense. I closed my eyes and simply nodded my head.

Unsatisfied with my silent reply, Timmy asked me what parts of my body I touched.

“I…I… oh, this is so embarrassing! I touched my pussy, Ok!” And I blushed with the forced confession.

For a while, the three boys just looked at me standing there completely naked. I wondered if there was a chance of being caught, of any cars driving past this back road. The thought certainly excited me and kept my nipples hard and aching. They asked me to turn around so they could look at my butt. I mean they had pretty much seen everything at this point, especially during Timmy’s spanking. But I guess the lighting was better out here, and the teenagers could appreciate the full curves of my ass. I waited for what seemed an eternity as their eyes devoured my bare backside, the arousal building again between my legs

“All right, Jenna, get in the car,” Timmy instructed me at last.

I turned around and saw that he had already opened the door. The blacktop of the pavement was still warm under my bare feet as I walked past him, my breasts bouncing up and down while the other two teens looked me over from head to toe. Then, before I slid in behind the wheel, Timmy gave me a swat on my naked rear! I shot him a glare, and then sat down, waiting for the boys to enter through the passenger side.

When Timmy was in the seat next to me, he turned on his side and said, “Now I’m going to make you drive back home while you’re all nude and horny!”

I groaned as I started the ignition. Still, I was grateful to be leaving as I kind of slid down a little behind the wheel. The interior upholstery was not unpleasant against my naked skin. Both my hands were fixed on steering the car, nervous as I was, and my legs were apart with my bare foot depressing the acceleration pedal. I was afraid with my pussy lips spread, my clit would be sticking out. The boys seemed amused by my humiliating condition, and continued to tease me.

I didn’t talk to them, but every now and then glared in the rearview mirror. But they kept talking about my nudity, and my perky titties responded with fully erect nipples. We continued to race down the streets, and I was getting more worried about oncoming traffic seeing my bare chest. This time, I was careful to stay in the left lane when we stopped at traffic lights, so at least other cars wouldn’t pull up directly beside me. Pretty soon, we turned off the main road, heading down a few blocks until I stopped in front of my house.

Timmy and his friends couldn’t wait to jump out of the car. I hesitated, noting that we were in a more residential neighborhood.

“One more thing,” Tom said as he held out my birthday present shirt. I stepped out of the car, locking the door, thinking I could finally cover up. But the teenager snatched the piece of clothing away and laughed, “You are going to walk up to your house stark naked. I’ll leave the shirt in the mailbox. You may not get dressed until tomorrow morning, when you come outside to retrieve the newspaper!”

The other boys cheered at this final challenge. I just knew they would find a way to be out here tomorrow morning, to make sure I followed their instructions. For now, however, all I wanted was to get back inside.

So what was I waiting for? I had my keys… I could finally be rid of these tormentors. There was no point even trying to cover myself, so I swiftly turned around and jogged barefoot up to my front door. My butt wiggled like crazy as I fiddled with the lock and disappeared inside. Home at last!

I sighed in relief, and then started down the hallway. Stopping by the kitchen, I tossed my keys onto the counter. And then I proceeded to march straight toward the bathroom where I prepared to run a nice warm bath.

Well, the water felt so soothing and incredible, it seemed all my troubles were washed away. The humiliation of the evening faded and left me only with sweet thoughts of arousal. I began playing with myself, just for a second, before I caught something out of the corner of my eye, on the ledge of the tub… a lady’s razor and shaving cream.

Feeling deliciously naughty, I decided to take it all off. Scraping away the last bit of pubic hair and foamy lather, I delighted in the warm water seeping into every crease, every fold of my pink pussy. So smooth, it glistened. And that was when I proceeded to bring myself to a massive orgasm! I had my ankles resting on the sides of the tub, running a hand up my stomach, squeezing my breasts. I squished one of my boobs up so I could lick the nipple. It wasn’t very long, with my other hand rubbing my crotch faster and faster, until my girl cum mixed with the bathwater.

After I relaxed some more, I rinsed off and stepped out onto the floor mat in my bathroom. I chose a nearby blue towel to dry my body with, and then wrapped the material snugly, tucking in the edge between my breasts. It just reached down to my thighs. Then I stood in front of the mirror so I could comb out my hair, slicking back the wet strands.

Now I had the whole house to myself. I could enjoy the rest of the evening with a good book, before going to bed. I made my way down the hallway, in the direction of the living room. When I reached the point where the room began to open up before me, I paused to search for the light switch on the wall, and flicked it on.

“SURPRISE!”

I nearly jumped out of my skin when the room was lit and I saw nearly a dozen people standing in front of me! My friends, Jean, Andrea, Sarah, and Sharon were there. But so were some people I didn’t recognize… oh no, and Timmy and his friends were here as well! They must have set the whole thing up!

“Happy Birthday, Jenna!” Jean laughed, the short Asian girl clapping her hands.

I was vaguely aware of Tom sneaking behind me, effectively cutting off my retreat back down the hallway. Also, I noticed Timmy slinking up to my side. But honestly, I was still too stunned to react in time…

In the next instant, that horrible teenager grabbed my towel and whipped it right off! I was left standing completely naked in front of everyone!

“Oh my goodness,” I cried and covered my tits with my hands.

But already Andrea had taken out her camera and snapped a few photos. Pointing at my crotch, she teased, “Look at that… Jenna’s as bald as the day she was born!”

Well, everybody got a good laugh out of that, at the expense of me and my hairless pussy. The boys gave me a quick paddling on the butt, which sent me skipping forward into the living room. My friends made me spend the rest of the night in my birthday suit, and there was plenty of pinching and more teasing to go around. At least the celebratory drinks helped me loosen up. Unfortunately to the point that I’m afraid that I passed out on the couch with my legs spread wide open…

I woke up the next morning, a bit dizzy, and shocked at first to find myself totally nude. And then I remembered, I had one more task to complete. Twisting around reluctantly, I looked outside the window just in time to see the mailman approaching up the side of the street. I guess it was time to fetch the paper!

THE END 