Humiliation as a Punishment
by robert78

14-year old Laia’s mother had been angry at her, but never like this.

As they stood in the kitchen at the family gathering, Laia fought back tears at her mother’s shouting.

“I cannot believe you would smoke in my house, while your family is here. You aren’t an adult, are you forgetting that?!”

Laia glanced over to where her three cousins stood, and her eyes zeroed in on her 15-year old cousin Gabriella. Gabriella was looking back at her with barely contained glee, obviously thrilled that her plan had succeeded.

Just five minutes before, the four cousins sat outside together, the rest of the family paying them no attention. Gabriella reached into her pocket and pulled out a packet of cigarettes. Laia immediately felt uneasy when the older girl said, “You’ve smoked before, right Laia?” It was obvious with one glance at Laia that she did not, in fact, smoke.
She wore a light blue sundress that showed off her slim figure. She had dirty blonde hair and perpetually pink cheeks, and even dimples when she smiled.

Laia told her cousin that she hadn’t and she wasn’t interested. Gabriella replied by saying that if Laia didn’t give it a try, she would tell everyone at school that Laia still slept with her stuffed animals.

In reality, nobody would’ve cared much at all if Laia slept with stuffed animals, but she was very self conscious and didn’t want to be teased. She took the cigarette in her hand and had raised it to her mouth when her father walked over, and chaos ensued.

In the present, Laia’s mom finished her speech by saying she would need time to decide her punishment, and didn’t even want to see her at the moment. Gabrielle offered to take Laia to their home for the night, to which the mother agreed.

As they walked, Gabriella teased Laia about how she was in charge now, and that the younger girl needed to be punished. She decided they would play a game if hide and seek with the neighbors, and if Laia won, nothing would happen. If she lost, she would lose her clothes.

Laia’s pale skin turned at deep red at the words. “You can’t! You wouldn’t! I-I’ll…I’ll tell Mom!”

Gabriella merely laughed and replied, “You really think she would care, with the mood she’s in? She’d be more likely to thank me!”

Laia remained silent the rest of the walk, coming up with a plan, but they quickly got to her house, and Gabriella knocked on three different doors. Everyone could play!

Laia kept her head down while the rules were explained, her face hot. It seemed Laia would be the only hider, the others would all look for her. She didn’t waste her breath protesting the unfairness. The neighbors, the youngest of them being 14 and the oldest her age, laughed at her embarrassment and couldn’t wait to begin.

The seekers waited in the garage while she frantically hid. She found a pretty good spot- a storage box she was just able to fit into.

They quickly left the garage and began to look for her, shouting how much time left as they went. When she heard someone say “five!” she felt confident she would win. They wouldn’t see her naked and she would accept her punishment from her mother tomorrow in stride.

With one minute left, Laia heard a horrifying sound: the latches of the storage box opening. A boy opened the container, grinning. She vaguely recognized him from her geometry class.

“This was a good spot, I almost didn’t find you,” he said, holding out a hand to help her out. She walked with to the group in a daze. She considered running, but knew she’d be caught.

She looked at her cousin, the bane of her existence, and asked, “If I hadn’t been found in time, would you still have stripped me?”

Her cousin looked earnest when she said, “Of course not.” Somehow, that made Laia feel much worse. “Ok, let’s get that dress off, alright? Zach can do the honors, since he found you.”

“Please, not right here in the yard. Anyone could drive by! Gabriella, please!”

Her cousin pretended not to hear her, and instead instructed her to lift her arms up. When Laia didn’t do that, and instead back away, she recruited two of the teens to help. The boy, Zach, grabbed the bottom of her dress. Laia felt that her face was going to burst into flames, and she didn’t cease her pleas to stop.

He pulled up the dress to right under her chest, glanced at her face once more, then lifted it up. They took turns letting go of her hands and tossed the dress clean off.

Everyone stared at the girl now in her kiddie bra with the removable pads, and her plain white underwear. One of the fifteen-year-olds remarked, “Her face is super red.”

Zach replied, probably because she’s about to be completely naked in front of us. Plus, she’s underdeveloped for her age.”

Laia cringed at the words and wished she could sink into the ground. Her heart pounded, knowing she was about to be topless in front of everyone.

Zach grabbed the bottom of the bra and began pulling up, since it had no clasp. She felt the cool wind hit her nipples, hardening them immediately.

“Look at her little nipples,” Gabriella cooed, “she looks like she’s twelve.” Laia had never felt so embarrassed in her entire life. She fought to get her arms free, but they were quick to grab her, taunting that they weren’t done yet. She felt so exposed, knowing her small chest could be seen by anyone walking by. Plus, with her arms way up over her head, she looked even smaller.

Zach crouched down and grabbed the sides of her underwear. Everyone looked on with rapt attention. They loved her embarrassment.

“Ready, little Laia?” Zach asked. He still had that awful grin on his face.

“Please, please don’t.”

“Why?” Interrupted Gabriella, “Are you embarrassed?”

“…Yes,” she said in one quick cry.

The others giggled at her, and she felt even worse. Of course they wouldn’t stop now, this was the main event.

Laia prepared herself for the taunts she knew were coming. She had gone swimming the day before, and had decided to shave…what a mistake that had been!

He pulled them down agonizingly slowly. Everyone began to laugh when they still saw no hair. Her legs trembled as the panties were pulled completely off, and she stood there, naked as the day she was born.

“Step out of your underwear, Laia,” ordered Zach. She felt even more exposed when they were no longer around her ankles.

“She’s completely bald!” Cried one of the girls. “Wasn’t she supposed to be sixteen?!”

“I am!” cried Laia, “I shaved it off!” She didn’t know why she bothered because she sounded like a liar, even to her own ears.

Everyone around her stared at her body, at the places no one had ever seen before. To her horror, she finally heard a car coming along the road. Laia thought the car wouldn’t notice them, until Gabriella remedied this by waving them down to say hi.

The embarrassed girl was definitely a sight to behold for the passengers in the car, naked and with her skin all the way down to her chest blushing red. The neighbors didn’t relent with holding her arms up, and when she raised a leg to cover herself, they brought it back down, and placed her legs more open than before.

She refused to look at the car, hoping if she didn’t see them then they wouldn’t see her, until she heard a male voice say, “Holy shit, is she naked?”

Laia’s heart sank as she heard Gabriella say to them, “Want to play a game?”


