"Sculpt Now"
A Rick Grimes Fanfiction
Rick's plan to threaten the Scavengers into joining his side in the fight what the Saviors had failed. Jadis declined Rick's offer and took him prisoner. Rick was loaded into a large shipping container and immediately stripped down to his boxers. The doors were locked tight.
Drenched in sweat and breathing heavily, Rick sat near the door taking in any fresh air he might be able to receive. Being that he was locked up in the center of a trash dump, fresh air was hard to come by. He could smell all the filth around, and the container which housed him amplified the smells within its heated confines. Rick peered out of holes in the walls to catch glimpses of what was going on outside. Jadis, the leader of the Scavengers walked by and wrote something on the door of his prison. As she walked away, he saw that she was wearing his cowboy boots.
Later, the doors opened and Rick stood up, greeted by the blinding light of the sun. As his eyes focused, Rick saw a man sitting on a chair. He was a member Jadis' group, he was drawing in a large pad. Jadis stood there to the left of the man with an old flash bulb camera. Rick's hands were tied together and he held them up to block the light from his eyes, Jadis watched as his arms flexed. His skin was soaked in sweat and glistened in the sun light. Rick stood there, sweaty and dirty breathing deeply. His chest heaved and as he brought his arms back down one of his pecs bounced. His blue boxers were tattered and worn. The thin material was drenched as well and clung to his thighs and accentuated the bulge of his crotch. Jadis liked what she saw.
Rick used this as a chance to plead yet again, "It's not too late for you. My offer still stands. Join us or die."
Jadis seemed unconcerned and simply snapped a picture of Rick's body from the front. The flash caught him off guard and he stared back at Jadis unamused. Popping out the spent bulb, she instructs Rick to turn. Rick believes that she is using the picture as proof that she has Rick in custody and will hand him over to Negan. As Rick starts top walk back into his container when Jadis snapped another picture, this time of his back side. Rick turns his head now puzzled. Why would she need to show Negan a picture from behind?
Rick turns back around this time angry and tense. His muscles are now flexed as he became angry. Jadis admired the sight of his lean body glistening in the sun and the bulb flashed as another picture was taken. She motions for the doors to shut and Rick looked at her totally confused. The man drawing signals for them to stop. He's still drawing, a rough sketch of Rick's form. Jadis motions that it's ok to wait as the man finished closing his drawing pad.
Rick shifts his weight to one side and asks "Why? Why the pictures?"
Jadis simply answers, "Sculpt you, after..." The doors begin to close on him and Rick follows up with "After what?" ... No answer.
A few beats pass, and Jadis replies "After" then the doors shut and Rick is left standing in the darkness again. What did she mean after, after what? The scavengers were a strange group. Most of them didn't talk, and when they did it was in incomplete sentences. Usually one or two words. The Scavengers were also fans of art and made crafts from the trash in their dump. Jadis had made numerous works of art, Rick had taken a cat she made from wire and scrap metal home to Michonne.
Previously Jadis had propositioned Rick with sex for helping after the 1st battle with Neagn but was denied. Jadis and the Scavengers had turned their back on Rick working with Negan as he had offered a better deal.
Later, Rick is brought out to the clearing in the center of the dump and is told, Time for after. Rick is still in his boxers and his hands are still tied at the wrists. He is forced to fight a walker with a spiked crown. Rick does so, with difficulty, and takes down the walker, by severing its head and beating the Scavenges out there with him. Rick over powers Jadis as she tries to shoot him.
"You can play your games, draw your pictures, sculpt whatever shit you want! But I'm leaving!" He threatens that once he leaves that they're as good as dead. He asks Jadis if she had enough, she says yes and her men stand down.
Rick gives her one last chance to join him. With her terrible bargaining skills Jadis asks for all of the Saviors supplies. Rick tells her a 4th..
Jadis persists, "Half."
Rick is losing his patience and says, "No a 4th.
Jadis agrees and says "4th then I sculpt you after. Stand for me, those off" as she points to his boxers.
Rick holds up his hands hinting at the rope and says "These off, no sculpting" Rick then demands his guns and clothes back.
***************My addition.***************
Rick is over the situation and is losing his patience. Jadis stares at him, offended by his arrogance. How dare he deny her conditions to help fight when he's highly outnumbered and still a prisoner. Rick furrows his brow and takes a deep breath.
"My clothes, NOW." Rick says again.
Jadis grins knowing she has the upper hand and then tells him, "Want help? Those off". She signals to her group and two men walk up grabbing Rick by his arms as they hold him still. Rick looks at her, furious and refuses to accept her conditions.
Jadis steps closer, "Last chance."
"You get a 4th, and I wont kill you." Rick snaps at her.
Jadis remains unaffected by his threats and says "Off NOW". Jadis hooks her fingers into the waistband of his bozers and rips off Rick's boxers completely. The tattered fabric shreds easily. Rick's dick flops around from the sudden movement. Rick tried to hide his junk, but his hands are yanked back by the two men holding his arms. With the Scavengers all around, seeing him on full display front and back Rick accepts the moment and lets it all hang out. Jadis smiles and brings the shredded blue fabric to her nose taking a sniff of Rick's musk. She wads the material in her hand and puts it into her pocket. Rick stood there fully naked covered in sweat in front of her. His dick hung at a respectable six inches and is semi hard from the adrenaline pumping through his veins along with the sudden shock of being nude.
Jadis steps back and takes in the sight of Rick's masculine naked body. Looking Rick up and down Jadis enjoys the sight of his lean muscles, and long dick. Rick's meat starts to throb and bounce as he begins to feel like he's just a piece of meat.
"You happy? Stripping me naked isn't going to change anything." Rick tells her.
Jadis approaches Rick once more and traces her hand down his chest over his nipple rubbing the small pink nub as it stiffens and stands alert. Jadis leans in and takes in the smell of Rick's body. Jadis slides her hand across his stomach. Rick is in his mid forties and while his body is not tight like it was in his twenties, he still has a nice build. His firm chest is nice a full, pumped from the fight he just had, and his stomach is flat with abs that are still present.
Rick's skin is a pale white, and his farmer's tan lines are very visible. Jadis' roaming hand arrives at the base of his dick. Jadis notices that her gloved finger left a streak through the sweat and mud covering his torso. Jaadis looks into Rick's eyes and then down at his manhood. Rick's six inches continued to swell even further, as Jadis wrapped her fingers around his girth tightening her grip. Rick cleared his throat, trying to ignore what she was doing. Rick was shocked at her bold behavior, he secretly enjoyed it, but was disgusted at the same time. Jadis ran her hand up the length of Rick's shaft to the tip of his head rubbing her thumb in a circular motion over the slit. Jadis applied pressure spreading the slit of Rick's dick open. Rick took another deep breath. It felt good, too good.
Rick was slightly embarrassed as he was being fondled in front of everyone while being held in place by two men. Jadis looked Rick in the eyes again and he looked away, clenching his jaw tight. Jadis then slid her hand back down to the base. Jadis allowed her hand to go further south and cupped Rick's large balls which were now full and firm, she gave them a squeeze. Rick gasped as she tugged them downward.
"Very nice, sculpt you now." Jadis says as Rick looks her in the eye while massaging his sack.
"I said no sculpting..." he tried to tell her. Rick is caught off guard when Jadis suddenly lead him to her art space by the length of his dick.
Once in her art space Rick is instructed to stand in the center facing her chair while Jadis helped him find a pose. Jadis tried different positions choosing one that accentuates his body. The entire time she plays with and teases Rick. Jadis massaged and squeezed his pecs, caressed his thighs, feeling his arms as she had him flex his biceps. Jadis walk around Rick, tracing her finger around from his chest to his shoulders and down his back and finally around the curve of his ass. Rick wanted to fight it and get away, but his hands were still tied, and he knew he was greatly outnumbered. How much worse could this get? He thought to himself.
Jadis squat down behind Rick and had a full view of his full firm ass. Rick's cheeks were stark white and rounded in a tight bubble. All the walking and running he's had to do since the apocalypse has toned his ass nicely. Jadis slapped his right cheek and watch his flesh jiggle and then tighten as Rick tensed up. Her hand print faded from red to pink as it faded away. Jadis gripped both cheeks in her hands squeezing them, her gloved hands hugging the curve. She kneads his mounds like a ball of dough and kissed his firm cheeks. Once satisfied with Rick's pose, Jadis starts her work.
The ropes were cut from his wrists and his arms were put into their final pose. Rick stood there with his left arm up and his hand behind his neck. Hie bicep was flexed and his torso was extended revealing his obliques and abs. His right leg was slightly forward causing his right ass cheek to tighten, with the his weight resting on his left leg, his left cheek was squeezed tighter and fuller. Rick's dick was half hard and bobbed as the blood pumped through its length.
Jadis had one of her Scavengers bring out her mound of clay wrapped up in plastic and dumped into a wagon. The clay seemed to been made from the dirt around the compound. Jadis began to mold his body from the mound. Every so often she would get up to inspect Rick's body wanting to get her sculpture just right. This process took a while and Rick was becoming impatient and restless from holding his position for so long. There was a war to be fought. His group needed him, he needed to kill Negan. Rick tried to argue and reason with her and soon gagged taking away his ability to speak.
Jadis has begun working on sculpting Rick's dick and got really close to inspect the entire organ closely. She compared the lump of clay to achieve the proper length and girth, holding both in either hand to achieve a balanced weight. Jadis forms the ridges of veins along the shaft, and the thick tube like vein along the underside of his dick. She molds and shapes the tip of the clay cock to mirror the thick mushroom head hanging between Rick's thighs. She even studies his full low hanging balls for accuracy. The whole time Rick watches her fondle his goods like they were fruit at a market. His dick was unbelievably stiff, and was only getting harder. Still Rick did his best to fight the way his body was feeling. "
"This is what she wants, she got me out of my clothes, she's getting her art session as I stand here with my dick hard. She's not going to get me in bed." Rick thought to himself while trying his best to ignore her wet clay covered hands sliding across his junk with sweet smooth friction.
Wanting more from Rick, Jadis took a pill from her pocket forcing Rick to swallow it. He fights her and refuses to swallow. One of her guards puts a gun to Rick's head. With no other choice Rick swallows the pill and opens his mouth to show it's gone.
"What did you just give me, what was that?" Rick demands.
"Stay hard" she replied as she continued perfecting his sculpted member. Jadis wanted Rick to be fully erect for her sculpture.
"Fully hard, shows power." she tells him as she strokes his dick.
Jadis motions for her guards to come and assist. Two men approach on either side of Rick and place the gag back into his mouth. As Jadis had said the day before when she took him prisoner, he talks too much. The two men began to fluff him as the pill took effect. Rick is shocked as the men took hold of his dick and balls, and played with his nipples. One man started stroking Rick's dick while the other leaned in and kissed and sucked on his neck. Rick almost broke his pose from the situation but the two men were alert and corrected him. This was a completely shocking experience to Rick. No man had ever touched Rick's body, yet here he was naked and hard, getting jerked off by a man while a crazy trash dwelling lady sculpted a statue of naked body.
Rick is an alpha male, he's the macho leader of his group. It was one thing to be taken prisoner and to be stripped nude in front of everyone. It was understandable that Jadis would even exploit his compromised situation for her own benefit. This though, this was too much. Two men toying with his body, pleasuring him as Jadis sculpted a replica of his naked aroused body was too much. He was getting more and more angry and horny at the same time. The pill had taken effect and his dick had grown longer and harder. It stood up proudly at a full nine inches, it even seemed to get thicker. The veins along the length of his shaft pulsed as the blood rushed throughout.
"Viagra... she gave me a dick pill." Rick says to himself as the man playing with his dick dropped to his knees to lick the underside of his dick head. Ricks moaned as the man lick up the precum he was leaking and then took a huge breath as the man's mouth plunged down the entire length until his nose rested in the neat patch of trimmed pubes. Rick kept himself clean for Michonne. Rick was completely hard by now, harder than ever before. He needed release but not as another man was swallowing his dick whole. All Rick could do was moan, and accept the fact that he was getting sucked off, by a man who was surprisingly very talented with his mouth.
"Oh fuck, mmmm" Rick mumbled with the gag in his mouth.
Jadis pulled the man off of Rick's meat long enough for her to compare the clay dick to Rick's swollen member and made a last minute adjustment to get the final curvature down solid. Her work is perfect. Jadis smiled and slapped Rick's flushed cheek light lightly as the man went back to town on sucking Rick's dick. The other man was leaning over playing with his nipples licking, sucking, and biting them. He then went around back to play with Rick's ass.
The man dropped down and spread Rick's cheeks apart and licked Rick's opening. Rick's eyes opened wide as the man went town eating him out.
"Oh shiiiit..." Rick moaned as the man played with him. It felt good, really good.
As Jadis finishes attaching the dick to the statue Rick is having trouble moving.
"I.. I can't move..." Jadis smiled and walks over to him. She motions for the two men to stop. The one in front let his dick slide out of his mouth and held Rick's head in his mouth giving a nice tight suck before letting him pop loose. Rick tried again and couldn't break free from his position. Jadis took the gag out of his mouth and touched her fingers to his left side just above his pit, and trails her fingers down his torso. Jadis took a firm grip of his dick and started to stroke him slow then fast. She alternates her speed and rhythm keeping Rick on edge. Rick's eyes rolled back, he needed to cum. She wouldn't let him.
She tells him "sculpt YOU, stand forever" and continued stroking.
He doesn't understand, "What do you mean stand forever?"
Jadis taps his chest with her free hand, his chest felt solid. Rick's body stiffened further.
"What did you give me?!" Rick demands.
Jadis "Not viagra. Stay hard".
Her lack of full sentences was pissing him off, so vague. Rick is overwhelmed and loses himself. His body is getting harder and draining its color. He was turning a pale white, the sensations from her playing with his body and stroking his insanely and unnaturally hard dick drove him over the edge. Jadis made him cum. Rick came harder than ever before. The volume which he shot was much larger than he's ever shot. Rick lets out a long sustained moan as a huge torrent of thick creamy white cum shot from the tip of his dick. One, two, three, four spurts. All had the same strength as his loads gushed out of his stiffening upward curved cock.
Jadis dropped to her knees and started to swallow every drop. She savored the taste of Rick's musky cum. It gets thicker with each spurt. As he was shooting everything he had into her mouth the pill set off a chain reaction in the rest of Rick's body. Rick began to solidify as he emptied his balls. Rick moaned through gritted teeth as his body hardened into stone. His muscles tensed and flexed tighter as his muscles petrified. Rick is in the same pose he stood in for the whole day. All Rick could do was continue to moan wildly as the extreme pleasure of his orgasm echoed through his whole body as it became one solid mountain of rock hard man.
"What the fuuuuck .. is happening?" he managed to ask as his jaw tightened.
Jadis stopped sucking and began to jerk him, milking out the last spurts of his cum. Rick was still cumming, as if anyone was counting but it was reaching the mid twenties. Some of Rick's spurts were large and violent, others were a mere dribble, the rest a steady stream. The slit of Rick's dick closed off even though Rick wasn't finished shooting. The feeling of shooting amplified as his dick turned from rock hard flesh to cold hard stone. Rick grunted and mumbled words as his throat solidified and his face stilled. Rick soon went quiet. His skin lost all color and remained a pure white.
Rick turned to stone. That pill wasn't viagra, it was something else.
"That's what she meant by "Stay hard", is this how he would "Stand forever"? He asked himself feeling the last bits of his body change. Somehow he was still fully aware of everything. He could see, hear, feel, and smell.
Later, Jadis comes back to her art space and sat in her chair. The finished clay statue of Rick had been baked and cured. It stood on one side of her. The statue of actual Rick stood on the other. Both statues showcasing a beautiful naked man in all of his masculine fully erect glory. It's impossible to distinguish which one is the real Rick Grimes. Rick just stood there, petrified and no longer himself. Rick Grimes is gone, all that remains is a stone figure of who he used to be. Rick could only stare forward at the Scavengers continued about their routine as he came to terms with no longer being the leader of his group. Now he would spend his days as a work of art standing near an exact replica of himself for Jadis to enjoy forever.
Jadis smiled as she ran her hand down actual Rick's back taking a handful of his right butt cheek and says to him "I take, I don't bother."
Who knows how many days had passed. Rick's group had assumed that Rick had been over run by walkers, or taken out by Negan. Soon they stopped looking.