Madeline's New Hobby
by SubmissiveKay

An evening filled with surprises.

They had been sat in the pub for a couple of hours, and he had been steadily buying her drinks intending to introduce her to something he very much enjoyed.

She was becoming a little drunk, and was starting to chat quite freely to him; he thought it might be a good idea now to ask a couple of questions.

Madeline was a pretty young girl, only eighteen; Mark was a little older at thirty-one. They had only been seeing each other for two months, but she was up for most things.

"So babe, tell me, do you like the way I fuck you?" he asked her, his arm around her shoulder, whispering quietly into her ear.

She smiled at him. "Oh god yeah, I love it!" she told him, very sincere in her delivery and thinking back to the countless times they had already had sex and getting aroused at the tone of the conversation.

"And would you like to try new things with me?" he continued, praying she would say yes.

Again she smiled. "Oh yeah...what have you got in mind?" she asked him seductively, kissing his cheek and getting quite excited.

"Drink up and we'll make a move," he told her picking up his glass and finishing his drink. She downed hers too and they both got up and left.

He was taking her to a secluded car park for a fumble with her. She'd had a few drinks and always wanted to be the life and soul of the party, and she was so much more adventurous when she had been drinking.

They pulled into the quiet secluded car park, and he switched the engine off. Glancing over and spying the top of her stockings, he was eager to begin his build-up to fuck her.

He laid his hand on her leg, and caressed it. That was enough for her and without warning she leaned over and kissed him on the mouth while greedily searching out his cock, his jeans proving a little awkward to unfasten in her tipsy state.

Mark helped her out by undoing them and slipping them down to his thighs, presenting his very hard, large, thick cock.

She grumbled under her breath as she first gawped at it and then took it in her hand, wanking him a little. She enjoyed the way it over filled her tiny hand, and could feel the heat from it on her cool fingers. She was hungry for him.

Kissing him again and slipping her tongue in and out of his mouth, his dick twitched in her hand, almost inviting her to suck on it.

She bent down and opened her mouth. Taking the end in and sucking hard, she relished the taste of his precum dribbles.

Mark pushed her head down on him, forcing his cock deeper into her mouth. She pulled back quickly.

"Don't do that!" she shouted at him, but he was so turned on he just wanted to explode.

Madeline moved back to his dick and began sucking up and down his shaft, slow and long, the heat from her mouth arousing on his long, hard length.

She could feel Mark making jerking movements and decided that he must be enjoying the blow job she was enjoying giving him.

She sucked with more enthusiasm, taking care to include his balls, running her tongue over the top of them, wetting them up.

Moving to her knees on the seat, she raised her skirt up and pulled her own panties down. This made her clit accessible to her fingers, and she played with herself as she continued to suck him off.

He stroked her hair. "Suck it deep babe, nice and long," he told her as he opened the windows on both sides of the car.

She felt the cool breeze float over the top of her exposed arse, it heightening both their sensations even more and she was pleased to have some fresh air in the car which was becoming hot and stuffy.

From a distance she heard a cough, and knew it was not Mark. Stopping immediately she glanced up, and to her sheer horror saw at least ten people peering into the car on his side and at the front.

There were at least another five people at her window. "What the hell's going on Mark?" she asked him, trying to figure it out for herself.

"It's ok babe, we are in the local dogging area, and they are only watching. I thought you might like it, I know you love the attention!" he said to her, not sure what her response would be.

She stared around at the people, and then back to Mark, not trying to cover herself at all. She suddenly to her own surprise became very excited, happy to put on a show for these strange people.

"Ok, let's do it!" she replied, now very eager to get back on his cock. She devoured it with even more vigour than before, moaning and grunting and acting like a common little tart, fingering her clit all the time.

She felt Mark moving his arms about once more, and then felt an unfamiliar pair of hands on her arse, rubbing her cheeks in circles.

She gyrated her hips. "Finger me, fuck me with your fingers, nice and hard!" she called back, taking Mark's throbbing cock out of her mouth momentarily and licking the top of it like a lolly as she spoke.

Mark could not believe what he heard come from her lips, and was delighted that she was behaving like a whore.

Instantly she felt the fingers feeling her pussy, and slipping inside her. Moving rapidly to and fro, her wetness made this easy for him. She was overcome with the thrill of the scenario, taking as much pleasure as she could from it.

Mark was also overjoyed that she had taken to one of his favourite 'hobbies' so readily, and she was stimulating him greatly still sliding up and down on his member.

She had wet him up well, and though he was delighted with her sucking him, he wanted her cunt.

"Turn around babe," he said to her, ready to fill her wanting pussy.

Again she moved quickly, spinning herself about. Kneeling on the seat facing the window now, and poking her arse high in the air for him, she was ready to accept his cock.

At the window of the car stood the man who had obviously been fingering her, now cleaning his fingers off in his own mouth. She smiled up at him, a little apprehensive now seeing his face.

"Suck him hun," came the words from behind her.

She was shocked that Mark wanted her to suck another man's cock, but was ready to try anything. The strange man slid his dick out, and offered it through the window to her.

She did not hesitate in picking up where she had left off with Mark, sucking him with gusto.

Mark wasted no time in thrusting his dick into her cunt, which was tight and hot and dripping in juices. She was ready for him, and he obliged by pounding her, happy to hear the small chirps coming from her throat in time with his motion. She deep throated the other man while taking Mark's cock deep inside her twat.

The car rocked gently with his drilling, Mark's thrusting pushing her onto the man in the window as he beat into her.

The man outside held her head for her, so she did not break contact, and so he could also add a little pressure, inching further into her throat. Madeline took him very well, opening her throat for him to edge down into with his thick dick.

She felt his dick twitching repeatedly, almost ready to shoot.

Without warning he pulled out and sprayed a full load of cum over her face, as the rest of the onlookers looked on entranced by the scene. Numerous men stood outside the car were wanking, watching the arousing scene taking place. She caught sight of them, pleased that her show was that exciting for them.

She opened and closed her mouth, hoping to catch a little of his cum but was unsuccessful. Licking his tasty spunk off the end of his dick, the rest of his cum seeping down her face, she moved her attention back to the fucking she was getting.

Mark's dick filled her deep, she could not get enough of him. She was revelling at the feel of his hardness plunging back and forth inside her.

Suddenly another dick was prodding on her lips. Without thinking she opened wide, sucking him in too, not even looking to the strange person's face.

"That's my girl, suck em good babe!" Mark said, really enjoying seeing her used in this way. She did not respond apart from a few small seductive humming noises.

The car was completely surrounded by now, they were putting on a great show, and both were totally exhilarated.

Still grinding into her cunt, Mark slipped a finger into her arse, and fucked her gently with that too. Feeling his orgasm forming, his demeanour became rougher.

He hurriedly dipped his finger in and out, the warmth of the inside of her arse a very pleasant sensation for him.

She was now vocalising loudly, wanking the man in front of her, and sucking him intermittently.

"Oh, harder Mark, go harder!" she cried back to him, now fully concentrating on her screw. He smiled to the back of her, and didn't need telling twice.

The man at the window pulled her head forwards and sunk his cock back into her mouth, thrusting back and forth and moaning in delight. She could tell he was going to cum, and eagerly poked her tongue out in anticipation of catching his spunk.

He literally shot his load in and she caught it in her wide open mouth. She played with it with her tongue for a few seconds before swallowing the cum she had caught, the other strands hitting on her face, converging with the previous man's cream.

Behind her, Mark squeezed her arse cheek and sunk his finger deep into her bumhole. Slamming his cock into her now and gritting his teeth, he was almost there.

"That's it babe take it deep, nice and deep," he told her as she was squealing with sheer satisfaction.

He flung his head back, bellowed out at the top of his voice, and discharged his load, dousing her tight cunt with his hot spunk.

She pushed back onto him now, working hard on her clit. Her face was smothered in the second man's cum, and Marks cream continued to splatter her insides.

Sinking in and out in quick, deep thrusts, more streams burst inside her as his cock was throbbing wildly with his balls sat high against his body.

He was overtaken with his orgasm, now not noticing anyone around the car, as he finished off jetting his juices into her.

Her cries filled the car as she also orgasmed, shaking as it took hold of her body. As it pulsated in her cunt, and her face blushed hot, she growled out thrusting back onto him. It lasted a few more seconds before slipping away.

They were very happy. Her first encounter had gone extremely well, it was something she would like to definitely try again.

