Just Taking Some Pictures
by magichandslee ©

This all started when I decided to tease my husband Ted a little on an 
outing to a local park.

He always liked me to dress to please, this meant thin tops and tight 
shorts, bare legs. 

Being taller than most women, and thin, I usually wear pullover tops. 
There is no reason at all for me to wear a bra, except for the fact that 
if I do get turned on, my nipples create very large and obvious bumps in 
the top.

But this day was hot, I selected a more breezy button up top, loose in the 
armpits. I grabbed a pair of cutoff jeans, they are also a bit loose on my 
thin fanny. I had the legs cut high, and the crotch was very narrow, only 
the seam left.

I could wear the outfit in public if I kept my legs together. If I got 
just a little careless half of me would pop right out of one side or the 
other. I don't own knickers, and I was looking forwards to Ted reaching up 
and tickling me all day long like he usually does.

We both delight in being naughty in public.

We went to the park, hand in hand we followed the asphalt path out to a 
point that looks out over the Columbia River. It was beautiful, 80°, 
little wind, one of those days when it is great to be outside and alive.

Ted slipped his arm over my shoulder, fingertips brushing my nipple though 
my blouse as we watched the boats far below cruise back and forth. Not a 
soul around, birds chirping, chipmunks running around trying to beg from 
us.

Wonderful, and my man holding me close topped it all. I shuddered as his 
fingers knowingly brushed my nipples again. Ted has the ability to get me 
upright and ready to go at a moment's notice. I leaned into him, basking 
in the feelings.

"Want to take some pictures?" he asked, knowing my answer.

I went and sat on the rock wall, striking my best profile, head back, hair 
hanging back, chin uptilted. He snapped a couple of shots, then had me 
move over to the grass and lie down.

It was so warm, I was getting into it. Stretching out on the soft grass 
was making me feel all fuzzy, I knew my long muscular legs looked good.

"Open up a little, Hon." he said.

"Oh, you want a beaver shot, huh?" I giggled.

I opened my legs a bit, heard Ted snap a couple, then feeling naughty I 
reached up and tripped a couple of buttons on my blouse. The loose blouse 
complied nicely, gapping in the front, I reached up and helped it open to 
the edge of my nipples.

More snaps, I sat up and turned, letting the top fall away, baring my 
right breast to the lens.

Ted was first up close, then more pictures as he moved away some. I turned 
this way and that, teasing him with him trying to get a risque shot, me 
keeping it close but not quite.

"How about a couple topless?" Ted asked.

I slid the top, now unbuttoned to the very last button, off my shoulders. 
Both breasts bared to the camara, I arched my back as my nipples crinkled 
up and extended to their full half inch.

Ted often teases me that he can hang his coat on my titties if he gets me 
going, which really isn't a hard thing to do.

"Open your legs a little?" he asked again.

Feeling horny now, I let one knee lay aside to the grass. I could feel 
myself pop out the side of the thin seam at the crotch. I was getting damp 
now.

I leaned back, scooted backwards on the grass, knowing this would loosen 
the crotch even more. I could feel the sun's rays strike my bare pussy, 
this turned me on even more.

Ted got closer and closer, snapping away. I reached down and slid my 
cutoffs down and off.

Now I was completely nude, not even shoes, nothing. I posed this way and 
that, completely into showing off for the lens.

I had my eyes closed, flat on my back, legs wide apart as he snapped and 
snapped.

One other feature of my body is I have very sparse pubic hair, no need to 
trim, I seldom do. My lips are extremely large, Ted simply delights in 
burying his face in me. I knew the camara was getting everything.

I lay back, reached down, pulled my knees back and apart to give him a 
completely naked shot. I must have stayed like that for a full 30 seconds.

Then I opened my eyes, just in time to see a young man's face in the 
nearby shrubs duck down!

"Ted, there is someone there!" I said as I reached for my clothes.

Ted laughed. "I know, he has been there for 20 minutes."

I scurried for my clothes, Ted called out to the man in the bushes, "Come 
on out, it's all right."

Out walked this young man about 25 or so, way younger than us. His face 
was bright red from having been caught peeking. I was struggling to get my 
shorts up and fastened.

The guy looked at me, then down, my breasts were still bare. I thought the 
hell with it and left the top off.

"Who are you?"

"I'm Terry."

"Did you like that?" I asked him, looking him right in the eyes.

"Uhh..Yeah.." he stammered, losing the battle to not look at my bare 
breasts.

Ted was grinning, I punched him on the shoulder. "Asshole!" I called him.

"Yep, got that on film too!" he laughed.

I grabbed my blouse and put it on, headed down the trail for the car.

I heard Ted say, "Coming?" The young man hesitated, then, "Uhh..ok."

I stopped and thought for just an instant. Then I decided he was kind of 
cute.

Lee 


