Strawberry Fields Forever
by Doctor_who_lover©


Okay. I've never told anyone about what happened that day, but it remains the 
best experience of my life. And if I don't tell someone, I'll burst.

Me, Laura and Helen were all bored one afternoon and, it being the height of 
summer, we decided the only way to alleviate the boredom would be to go 
strawberry picking. I have no idea where the idea came from. I can't even 
remember who suggested it.

There was a 'pick-you-own' place a few miles out of town, so we piled into the 
car and off we went. The place was quiet considering how beautiful the weather 
was. We walked into the giant barn that served as the main shop, grabbed a 
couple of baskets each, and wandered into the surrounding fields. 

To start off with, we stayed together. There were the usual girly chats and 
giggles about men, and what we could do with strawberries on the men, but as 
time wore on, we drifted. Each looking for the best selection I supposed. It was 
probably a good idea to move apart, to stop the stealing from another's basket 
as we tried to out-do each other's hauls in a fit of competitiveness.

For some reason, I moved back towards the barn, scarcely noticing those around 
me. I'd got a bit pre-occupied thinking about what I was going to do for the 
rest of the summer, and I didn't notice anyone else until I reached down to grab 
a huge strawberry I'd spied, and my hand hit another. I looked up into the most 
intense brown eyes I'd ever seen. They were full of warmth, and I could feel 
myself starting to stare. 

'Oh, I'm so sorry!' I said, my own eyes beginning to take in the rest of the 
(handsome) face, and the (slim and attractive!) body. I also realised the man 
had the sort of hair that made you want to run your hands through it, and it 
took a monumental effort to not do just that. He smiled, and I nearly died on 
the spot.

'No, it was my fault. Don't apologise.' He declared, a soft Scottish accent 
issuing from his perfect smile. 

I felt myself blushing. 'You have it.' I said, to cover my obvious 
embarrassment, handing him the fruit. Another gorgeous smile appeared, along 
with a glint in his eyes.

'Why don't we both have it?!' he suggested, one eyebrow raised. Without waiting 
for an answer, he held the fruit to my mouth, and I bit into it. At the same 
time, he moved towards me and bit the other side, looking into my eyes as he did 
so. We began an intense kiss, his hands holding onto my waist as we knelt in the 
straw. I could feel his tongue hit mine as the berry slid down my throat, and 
suddenly the scent of the strawberries was overpowering.

As he pulled away, I felt stupidly disappointed. I'd just met the man. I didn't 
even know his name, but here I was, feeling disappointed because he'd stopped 
kissing me. It must have registered clearly on my face, 'cause I saw a cheeky 
look on his, before he jumped up, grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet. He 
dragged me behind the barn where there were no fields and pushed me up against 
the wall, pinning my arms before kissing me hard. I could still taste the fruit 
in his mouth, and it somehow made me want him even more. 

As he kissed me, he looked in my eyes, looking for any indication that I didn't 
want this, but at that stage, it was all I wanted. He released my hands and 
moved his to my top. I had a sleeveless shirt with popper buttons, and he seemed 
to take great delight in pulling them open. His mouth made it's way down my 
chest, pausing only to graze his teeth on my breasts, before reaching my jeans. 
He was on his knees now, and I tool the opportunity to run my hands through that 
fantastic hair. 

His hands pulled off my belt, and began to undo the buttons on my jeans. His 
tongue began to trace a line downwards, and I felt my hands tighten in his hair. 
He winced, and looked up, that eyebrow raised again. I grinned, and pushed his 
head down. His hands did a fast job in dropping my trousers and pants to the 
floor. I was glad of my flip flops, which were easily kicked off, along with my 
trousers. As I moved to get them off, his tongue began its licking once more. I 
did have a guilty thought about Helen and Laura, but the licking gave way to 
sucking, and the thoughts didn't last long.

I grabbed his hair again, moaning softly as his mouth did its work. I felt his 
tongue enter my pussy, before a finger joined it. He bent his finger towards 
him, and it hit my G-spot hard. I moaned harder, slightly louder as I came, the 
sensations tipping me over. I caught another whiff of the strawberries, and I 
needed more than just his tongue inside me. 

The hands in his hair pulled him upwards, and he kissed his way back across my 
body and breasts. His own hands were fast undoing his own trousers, and by the 
time he'd got to my mouth, they'd hit the floor. I don't know if he'd planned 
getting a quick shag, or if he was just very well prepared, but he'd managed to 
get a condom on too. I had to admire his technique! 

He looked me in the eyes, before kissing me deeply. He held my hips and lifted 
me slightly. As he did, I wrapped my legs around his waist. He entered me, my 
back hitting the barn as he pushed his hard cock forwards. I moaned louder 
again, and he kissed me, clearly worried someone would hear. He fucked me again, 
harder this time, and faster. I bit my lip as another scream threatened to get 
out, and he grabbed my shoulders, pushing his hardness into my cunt further.

He was thrusting really fast now, and I was reaching my second orgasm, and 
loving every second. The fuck got harder, and harder, before his, and my body 
stiffened, both of us coming at the same time. I could feel his cock stiffen 
inside me, before he relaxed, and I must have done the same thing, as my legs 
unwound from his back, and he lowered me so my feet touched the floor once more. 


Weirdly, there was no embarrassment. I pulled my trousers on again, as he pulled 
his back up, and he kissed me softly, before winking, and walking off. I walked 
back round to where I'd left my basket, and not before time! Helen and Laura 
were just coming to find me! I had to really struggle not to grin like a muppet. 
Of course, they were amazed that I hadn't got more strawberries. I told them 
that I'd not found any, which they believed! To be honest, I still can't believe 
it happened!!
 




 