My Sister's Pussy
by Art Martin

Chapter 10

Travis is waylaid poolside...

Relieved of a full bladder by the old cottonwood tree, I headed across the field towards the house, reliving Katie's gangbanging in the barn.  I stopped off at the horse stall to take care of the animals, watering them, feeding them and grooming them.  I didn't want another ass-blistering like I got this morning and I knew that I had better make time right now before going up to my room and doing my homework. 

Homework!  Damn!  All my books and stuff were still in Sam's car!  I contemplated my plight, maybe I could talk Sam into bringing them over to me, but then I remembered he said something about a church deal he was going to.  Maybe I could get Leanne to take me, but if Sam's gone, so will my books.  I decided my best and only hope would be to catch Sam at home before he left for his church group.

Still buzzing from the beer, I hurried across the tall grass to the stairs that led up to the patio.  "Look, Travis is here!

"Hi, Travis!" sang a female voice I immediately recognized as my mom's voice. 

There laid out before me on their chaise lounges by the pool were Leanne, Becky, Mom, Becky's mom and Sam's mom.  Every one of them simmering in the sun from a generous coating of sun tan oil, and every one of them stark naked!  Except for Sam's mom, I'd seen all of them nude before.  Indeed, except for Trisha, Sam's mom, I'd fucked them all several times in the past few days.

"Travis, come here and give your old mom a kiss," she said with a come hither look.  Mom was far from being old and she looked even better.  I sauntered over and she gave me a very unmotherly kiss.  I took the opportunity to feel her up, all the while watching Trisha's reaction out of the corner of my eye.

I broke off the kiss.  Mom exclaimed, "You smell like horses and a girl's pussy!  I don't mind girlie smell, darling, but please, go shower off the horse smell."

I made a break for the house, intending to call Sam before anything else delayed me, but mom called out, "Where are you going?  Use the outdoor shower.  That's what it's for.  Now hurry up!  Trisha hasn't seen what a fine young man you've become."

No sense in arguing, besides arguing with either Mom or Dad was a sure way to get punished, so I trudged off to the shower by the edge of the elevated patio.  I had stripped down and as I stood upright after shucking my blue jeans, I felt a soft hand on my back.

Trisha turned on the shower, and led me into the cold spray.  Sam's mother was a full-bodied woman, perhaps a bit pudgy compared to either Mom, or Linda Tate or even Aunt Patti. I had plenty of fantasies through the years of Aunt Patti and her big knockers, but prior to yesterday I had never ever thought of my mom or Katie's mother, let alone Sam's mother in a sexual way, but after screwing both Mom and Linda yesterday, and the way Sam's mother now bathed me, the way she fondled me, the way she rubbed her ample tits into my chest, she had me hard again in no time.  I couldn't help but visualize Sam, at church, while I was screwing his mother.  What would he say tomorrow when I told him?  Should I tell him?... Why not? 

Returning the favor I felt Trisha up, playing with her tits, fingering her ass.  I was ready to bend her over and fuck her, but she suddenly broke from the shower with a giggle and ran back to her chaise, coyly covering her face, as if she was somehow embarrassed by what we had been doing in the shower.

I didn't have a towel, so I returned to the lineup of snatch-on-display to drip dry.  Trisha had already toweled off most of the moisture and had returned to her reclined position, legs slightly spread, her hairy coochie, oh so temping.  I stood looking up and down the line, hard cock jutting, comparing tits and nipples, hip sizes and pussies, as well as the mischievous expressions on these women's faces.  My only real questions were which one would I fuck first and could I manage to fuck all five of them? 

"Isn't he splendid, Trisha?" my mother asked her long time friend.  "He's still growing, but doesn't he have a nice shape?"

"If he grows anymore, he'll be too big to handle."

"Oh, I'm sure you'll be able to handle him, dear.

"Travis, go show Trisha how much you've grown."

I stepped to the end of the line where Trisha lay and stood dumbly at the foot of her chair.

"Come, Travis my dear," Sam's mom said.  "Come closer."

I took two steps so that my cock was inches from her head.  Tenderly she stroked my rigid rod before the licking began.  The other four women watched approvingly as Sam' mom, pulled back my foreskin and began polishing my knob, Leanne and Becky sat together, whispering and giggling as I got a blowjob.

Trisha's lips let slip my dick, and she turned to Mom to say, "You so right, Roxanne.  He does have a very nice shape."  Trisha then lay back, leaving me to stand awkwardly wondering what to do with my hands.

Mom stood and drew near to me saying, "Travis, dear. You are very good at pleasing a woman.  I know from first hand experience.  Tell me, darling, whose pussy do you like the best?"

Uncle Jake had prepared me well and I recognized this as a loaded question, one fraught with dangers.  Uncle Jake had said, "When a woman asks you a question, such as do you like this, or do you like that, or do you think I'm pretty, the correct answer is the answer that she wants to hear.  Save yourself a whole lot of shit and grief, Trav my boy, and do yourself a favor.  Tell her what she wants to hear, not what you really think."

Now if it were just me and Mom, I knew the correct answer was, "Mom, I like your pussy the best."  But it wasn't just Mom and me.  I had Linda, Becky and sister Leanne to contend with, as well as Trisha, even though I had no real knowledge of the quality or character of her cunt.

I tried what I considered to be a safe answer, "Uh, I like them all, " a true statement, but one that didn't let me off the hook and I knew it. 

However, Mom provided me with an out, something Uncle Jake said I should pray for, but should never really expect.  "You really don't know anything about Trisha's pussy dear, so how can you say that you like them all?"

Before I found an answer to that question, Mom grinned mischievously and said, "I know, let's have a contest.  You'll be the judge, like at the county fair.  Sample each of us, then give us your decision."

Mom had my dick in her hands, which for some reason had softened up.  She slipped on a Velcro cock-ring, securing it firmly around the base of my balls and  penis.  I was still on the hook, but I realized that she wasn't seriously trying to bust my balls, but only looking for some licentious amusement.  Casting my eyes side to side, I tried to decide where to start.

"Start with Trisha, dear," said my mom and making that decision for me.

It was a good starting place, especially considering that I was already there.  My fingers gently brushed against and then toyed with her lips, lips that only a few minutes before were wrapped around my cock.  Looking up at me in the eyes, her lips slightly parted, allowing my fingers to enter her mouth.  Her lips closed.  Mimicking a blowjob, she gently sucked on my fingers. My penis surged in response to the lewd sensations.  It was so hard that it felt like it was going to explode.

I pulled my fingers from her lips with a soft smacking sound, then trailing her saliva down her chin, neck, and upper chest I brushed my wet fingers across her brown nipple, causing the erogenous tissue to react to my touch.  As I toyed with her rubbery nip, I wondered if she liked spanking as much as mom did, or did she'd enjoy a playful tweak of her little nippies?  With a hard pinch between the fingers accompanied by a twist, she groaned and squirmed giving me the answer to the latter question.

"Is your pussy getting wet, Mrs. Holis?" I said as nastily as I could.

"Call me Trisha, for Pete's sake," she said hoarsely.

"Sorry Mrs... I mean, Trisha. Is your pussy getting wet?"  I wasn't nearly so forceful with my repeat.

She dreamily looked up at me.  "Why don't find out for yourself, you beautiful mother-fucker!"

The affront "mother-fucker" surprised me.  Then I realized I was a mother-fucker, and the name didn't seem quite as disparaging.

"That's right, slut," I hissed.  "I am a mother-fucker.  You're my best friend's mother, and I'm going to fuck you, Ma Holis."

"You're a boastful boy," she replied huskily, thrusting her tits outwards, "and until you prove otherwise, you're still a boy."

Oooooo!  That stung!  I let go of her tit.   "Okay, let's get on with it, the judge is waiting.  Now, Ma Holis, show me your entry in the "Best Pussy" contest." 

She hiked her hips and splayed her legs to either side of the chaise, in a very unmotherly manner.

"C'mon, spread 'em wider for this mother-fucker!  That's better, slut mama."  Out of the corner of my eye I watched my Mom, expecting a slap on the face for being rude to her friend.  But neither she nor Trisha seemed to mind my chatter.  Everyone appeared to be cool. 

My fingers trailed across her deep navel, and descended into her dark, tangled bush.  Raking my fingers through her soft and springy pubes, I realized that as curly and thick as her hair was, it wasn't tangled at all, the individual hairs uncoiling as they slid easily between my fingers.

"Nice pubes," I whispered.  Mrs. Holis smiled and moaned softly.

My fingers danced further down to brush against the soft puffy flesh of her hairy vulva.  Digging deeper into her forest, my fingers found her fur lined cleft, seeping with the moisture of her growing arousal. 

"I can't see much," I playfully complained.  "Can you help me?"

Sam's mother spread her pussy lips open for me.

"Yes, that's it, show me."

The pink fleshly interior glimmered in the sunlight, revealing the intricate folds of her labia, her hooded clit, as well as the entrance to her vagina.  For a full-bodied woman, she had some surprises, like the relatively small nipples of her more than ample breasts.  Her inner labia were demure, almost like two creases rather than the huge flaps that my sister had. Likewise, her clit wasn't prominent at all.  I judged her clit to be the smallest of all five women assembled. 

My index finger traced the demure folds of her sex and gently flicked the oval bump that I knew to be where her clitoris was hiding.  I played with her like that for a minute or so stirring the pot, while she lewdly spread herself open for my inspection.  She became noticeably wetter.  Her aroma wafting to my nearby nose was rich and heady.  Suddenly, her clit emerged, the white bundle of nerves protruding nearly half an inch.  I realized that I was wrong about my initial assessment of her clit, and I decided that in all fairness, that I needed to perform more tests.

Trisha moaned, "Oh gawd!" as the tip of my tongue evaluated the firmness of her stiff nubbin.  She cried, "Yessssssssss," as the evaluation proceeded and I sucked her clit between my lips.  Letting go of her outer lips, she grabbed my head, pressing my face into her sopping sex, her fleshy pussy lips closing around my nose and mouth like a mask, her pubic hair tickling my cheeks. She ground her hips into my face leaving me no choice but to grind the flat of my tongue against her nubbin. 

"Ohhhhhhhh," she moaned in approval, as I alternated sucking on the flesh of her pussy and whipping that same flesh with my tongue.   Her hips thrust and bucked, causing my nose to flick across her clit while I scoured out the tunnel of her fuck-tube.

With a loud swoosh, she sucked in her breath and began trembling violently, tearing her well-stimulated cunt away from my enthusiastic mouth.  Kissing my way up her stomach, across her navel, and across her boobs, I repositioned myself to fuck her.

"You've got a nice pussy, Ma Holis," I whispered as I nibbled her diamond-studded ear lobe.  "Ready for this mother-fucker to fuck you?"

She hissed, "Mother-fucker," and I thrust my hips forward, but somehow missed the hole, sliding my cock along her slippery slit.  She seemed to like that.  I liked it too, so I continued for a minute or so, just gliding up and down her cuntal sluice, rubbing her clit with my dick until she began trembling again. The trembling became more pronounced like she was jerking and I knew it was time.  Rotating my hips downward, I found the maw of her vagina and pressed home, fucking the mother of my best friend.

I began the venerable in-and-out.  Not slowly and not franticly either, but with a determined fucking motion.  She was surprisingly tight, like Mom and Linda Tate, and not at all sloppy like I had imagined she would be. 

We fucked for six or seven minutes before I withdrew without cumming.  After all I had to pace myself; I had four more pussies to sample and judge.  It was to be a difficult task, but somebody had to do it.  

Before climbing off of her, I whispered, "Nice pussy, Mrs. Holis, very nice.  I liked your pussy.  I especially liked fucking your slut pussy.  Maybe we can do it again sometimes."

She replied, "Soon I hope."

"Has Sam fucked you?"

"Good gracious, no!"

"Will Sam fuck you?"

"No, I couldn't do that!"

"Sure you can, and I'm sure Sam will enjoy it."

I considered briefly asking her about Penny, but decided that it was probably best if I remained moot on that subject.

Pushing myself up I moved to the next contestant, Linda Tate, Katie and Becky's mom.  She was ready, spread out brazenly for me.  I knew from yesterday evening that she liked sex on the rough side, so I simply mounted her and slammed my cock into her, pumping her hard for three minutes to warm her up before pulling off to suck her cunt into my mouth. 

Katie had a cunt much like her mother did and burrowing into Linda's snatch, I couldn't help but think that if I had only experienced Katie's and her mother's pussies, I would have concluded that all pussies were exactly the same.  I mean, exactly how many times do you have to suck on a pussy lip before you know exactly how much flesh is there?   Leanne had pussy lips galore, Trisha hardly had any at all, Mom had a little more in the inner lip department than either Katie or Linda, but a lot less than Leanne did. Katie and her mom had similar clits too, generous, but not huge like Leanne's, more like Mom's, except Mom's was longer, like Linda's, only thicker. 

While slobbering all over Linda Tate's genitalia, I tried to compare Linda to her other daughter, Becky.  I had fucked Becky at the pool party, at least twice.  Unfortunately I was too drunk to appreciate it fully, remembering only that I had a hell of a lot of fun fucking her.  As to the subtleties of Becky's cunt, I didn't have a clue. 

Linda began bucking her pulsating cunt into my face and I knew that she was cumming.  I also realized that I had been so distracted trying to remember the topography of Becky's pussy that I was failing miserably as an impartial judge.  Just to be sure that I was giving her a fair chance, I slid up Linda's torso and slid back into her sopping cunt.  As soon as I did, I remembered something special about Becky, something special that she shared with her mother, the way their pussies contracted around my dick in a rippling motion.  Katie didn't do that, Mom didn't do that, Leanne didn't do that, nor did Trisha.  Was this learned or was this something Linda passed on to Becky through her genes, genes that somehow Katie got short-changed on?

I concentrated hard on the other attributes of her pussy.  Katie was noticeably firmer and tighter; then again Katie hadn't been fucking for decades either.  Linda seemed just a little drier too, not nearly as juicy as Katie or Trisha.  However, the slight dryness, cancelled out the relative looseness, providing for a very pleasurable level of friction.

Due to an impending orgasm I was forced to end my evaluation.  I struggled mightily to stop and managed to save myself for the next cunt, my mother's cunt.  I instructed her to get on her hands and knees, so that I could fuck her from behind while I stood up.  Mom complied and when I popped her on the butt, she got pissed. 

I thought that she'd like it.  Indeed as much as mom liked a spanking, that was but a single facet of her sexuality.    Mom liked to be spanked by Dad, Uncle Jake, or Gib Tate.  When I tried it she growled that that was no way for a son to treat his mother.  I later learned that it was a dominance thing, she liked to be dominated by certain men, but when it came to her cub, she was the dominant one.

She ordered me to lie on my back, and no sooner was I in position, she was on top fucking me.  Not that I minded, it was a pleasant break from the last two fucks in a missionary, plus it provided plenty of opportunities for my hands, now that they weren't engaged in just keeping my weight off my partner.  I just love to look down my torso and watch my cock sliding in and out an eager pussy.  That it was my mama's pussy was even better.  Mom rode me slightly bent forward, making her tits easily available.  But more than that, it increased the friction of her clit against the topside of my swollen stalk. The way she was positioned and the way she had shaved, I could clearly see my mama's pussy lips spread around my cock and at the nexus of her folds, my mama's clit protruding ever so slightly, rotating back and forth as she fucked herself on her son's cock.

Mom worked feverishly to bring herself off and wasted no time in achieving orgasm.  Still she pounded my cock unrelentingly.  Her hair flew around wildly as she swung her head side-to-side in her frenzy of incestuous lust.  I felt my balls begin boiling and the pressure began to build.  I needed to stop the stimulation to my cock, but Mom was having none of it.  What's a boy to do when his mother is in control?  I squeezed my buttocks like Uncle Jake told me to do, but it was no use.  There was no holding back.

With a cry, "Arrrrgggghhhhhh!" my first bolt of cum shot into my mother's pussy.  "Ahhhhhhhhh" I grunted as a second wad ejected from my dick into her insatiable, cock hungry snatch.  "Uhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I moaned in delicious agony as my prostate spasmed for the third time.  "Ohhhhhhhhh!" I whimpered as the fourth wave of tingling sensations radiated from my groin.  The fifth and sixth spasms just felt plain good.  

Basking in the afterglow of a great cum, I was only dimly aware that Mom had moved off of me.  Suddenly, it grew darker.  I opened my eyes, just in time to see Mom's dripping snatch descend onto my face. Lewdly she ground her pussy into me, her lips spreading  open against my face, my cum seeping from her freshly fucked cunthole.   I licked as best I could, but she was in total control. 

I felt someone grab my cock.  I was surprised, but I was still hard, very hard, even after cumming hard.  As I felt the cunt slide over my cock, I discovered just what a cock ring can do for a guy.  Normally I'd wilt for several minutes at the minimum before being able to get it up again.  This time, I stayed hard. 

After several minutes of being fucked by the unknown snatch, I felt the rippling of her cunt muscles gripping my dick.  It was Becky's pussy!  But then again it could be her mother.  As Becky (or Linda) pounded my poor dick, and with Mom all but blindfolding me with her pussy lips, I gained an appreciation of what Katie had gone through earlier in the afternoon, being stuffed with dick after dick after dick and not knowing who they belonged to.  I also gained a small appreciation of what it's like to be gang banged.

The cunt convulsed, the walls contracting tightly around my poor peter.  Whoever it was had gotten what they were after.  Suddenly my eyes were blinded by the glare of the late afternoon sun just as my dick was released from its velvety prison.  Mom swung her body off of my head.  I caught a brief glimpse of a very satisfied looking Becky, before she rotated around, putting her wet pussy in my face and sucking down on my still stiff rod.  A gentle blowjob was just what I need after the rough fucking Mom and Becky had just given me.

Becky licked my dick, licked my balls and gently nibbled and sucked on my cock, a cock that was noticeably beginning to get a little sore.

Sucking on her inner lips, I determined that Becky had better developed, or rather thicker lips than either her mother or her sister.  I also discovered that she had a slightly larger clit than either Linda or Katie.  From her taste, I also knew that someone had very recently fucked her, but just who fucked her was a mystery.   Eagerly I slurped at the slightly pungent mixture of fresh pussy juice and old cum. 

Sucking at her pussy, I reached around and grabbed her firm buttocks, driving a thumb deep in her crack and into her asshole, a hangnail tearing into her.

"Ouch!" she yelped, pulling off and away from me.  "Hey!  That hurt!"

"Sorry," I said meekly.  "I thought you liked that sort of thing."

"I do, Travis, but please, you cut me!  Jeez!  Check those fingernails first!  That hurt!"

I felt really small having hurt her.  After all, she was looking for some fun, and I managed to slice the rim of her butthole.  It'd be days before she could shit in comfort and it'd be days before she could take a dick up her ass. 

Becky asked her mama, "Look at it for me, Mama.  Is it bad?" 

Becky bent over and spread her ass checks for inspection.  Linda carefully looked for damage, then bent forward and kissed her daughter's anus. 

"Oh, Mama," whispered Becky as her mama's tongue licked and probed her ass.

Linda pulled back and announced, "I don't see any real problems.  You should be fine."  Linda's head moved forward and she returned to rimming her daughter.  Becky pushed back against the probing tongue, rotating her ass in her mother's face.

Leanne looked at me smiling.  "What about me?  Did you forget about me, Squirt?"

"Uh, heck no, Sis."

"Then is it my turn?"

"Yeah, you bet."

Moving over to my sister's chaise lounge, I stood at the foot, studying her naked body gleaming in the sun.  Her green eyes flashed a beguiling smile as I studied her tits, the best tits I had ever seen, magnificent orbs, perfect in every way with thick nipples capping her large, dark aureoles.  But then again I hadn't seen Aunt Patti's tits in the raw yet, and she had a phenomenal pair too.  Somehow I knew that very soon I would have a wallow in Aunt Patti's knockers, plus an inaugural trip for my dick up her snatch, but for now, Leanne absolutely had the best tits in the world.

My eyes trailed down to her thin waist and her deep sexy navel, past down to her delectable pussy that I had come to love so much.  She was freshly shaved, not a trace of hair anywhere around her pussy, the cleft of her sex climbed from between her legs, begging me to follow them into paradise.  Then I saw it, the little string hanging out of her pussy.

"What's that?"

Leanne blushed, which confused me.  "I started my period, Squirt."

"Oh?  So what's with the string?"

"Don't you know anything?" she said with sisterly arrogance.

"What?  I'm just asking!"

"It's a tampon."  She reached down between her legs and pulled the string, pulling the red soaked tampon from her pussy.  "See.  I'm menstruating."

My eyes must have gotten as big as saucers.  I'd heard of girls being on the rag and all, and had seen tampons in the bathroom, but never really connected the two.

"Look, Squirt, you don't have to do me too.  I understand."

"Hell, why not?" I replied raking my fingers up her slit.  "It's okay isn't it?"

"Yeah, it's just..."

"Just what?"

"Nothing, just keep doing what you're doing.  Oh yeah, that feels good, Travis, really good."

I fingered my sister's pussy for a few minutes, gliding around her growing clit, slipping up into her vagina and that sort of thing.  I pulled away and looked at my hand, expecting to see blood.  The fluid was reddish alright, but very transparent, and not at all what I expected.

"It doesn't smell bad?" asked Leanne defensively as I sniffed at her menstrual juices.

"No."  I took a lick.  "Tastes okay too.  It's different.  A little metallic maybe, but nothing bad."  I glanced around to see the other four women watching me.  Trisha and Becky had looks of disbelief written across their face.  Mom and Linda cut each other a look.

Leanne's big clit was poking through her outer lips.  I had to lick that pleasure bud. I announced, "It's your turn Sis.  Spread'em, slut."

She must've thought that I was just going to fuck her, because I watched her eyes bug out as I went down on her.  Immediately I sucked her swollen clit between my lips, doing my best to give her what can only be accurately described as a blowjob, only it was a very big clit I was sucking, my sister's clit.  She squealed and squirmed as I began my oral assault on her pussy.

With my arms wrapped around her thighs to spread her out wider, I lifted her butt off the cushion.  Releasing her clit, I licked her with the broad flat of my tongue, up her seeping slit, from her anus back up to her clit.  I submerged my face in Leanne's swampy cunt, lost in a libidinous state of sexual excitement.  I loved it!

I guess what I was doing was pretty nasty because I heard Trisha gasp "Oh, my god!"

My mom chimed in, "Oh my!  We're some lucky girls.  Only Bill has ever done that to me!"

I was proud that I was mimicking my old man, doing what he did, without ever knowing that he did it.

"I didn't know Bill did that sort of thing," remarked Linda.

"Oh, yes, but only when I ask him to do it.  Travis seems to be... wallowing in it."

I still hadn't lost my hard-on due to the constricting cock-strap, and as I feasted on my sister's menstruating pussy, my dick seemed to get even harder.  It felt as if my bulging glans was about to explode.  As much as I wanted just to eat her out, I was desperately in need of relieving the hydraulic pressure that was still building in my cock.  I had a choice, rip the cock-strap off or simply fuck her.  Actually I never considered removing the cock-ring and instead broke off cunnilingus and mounted her.

I was surprisingly in control of my self, considering the state of mind I was in, and fucked her gently to great effect. 

"God, Travis, you're big," she hoarsely whispered as I sawed into her just so.  I worked over her g-spot with the bulging head of my penis for several strokes, then plunged into her swampy depths to grind my pubes against her clit, then back to the shallow stroking of her now prominent bulge on the fore wall of her wonderfully gripping cunt tunnel.    I liked it best when I was planted fully in her pussy, her pussy pulsating with an irregular beat, constricting around my entire cock as I ground into her.  But this wasn't all about me, it was about giving my sister the kind of fucking she loved and deserved.  Besides shallow thrusting felt mighty fine to me anyway. 

Arching her back off the chaise, she bit into my shoulder as she came, a low guttural growl rumbling from deep within her throat, her hips punching upward to take in as much cock as I could supply her.   For nearly a full minute she strained as the orgasm tore through her.  When it eased, she collapsed back onto the chaise where I once again began rubbing her 'g' with the swollen head of my dick.  After three or four full sets, she arched her back again and bit deeper into my shoulder.  It was like snapping turtle had gotten hold of me.  Fortunately I didn't have to wait for lightening for her to let go of me. By that time though, my shoulder was numb, so I pushed her button again and again and again, like some stupid lab monkey pushing a lever to get a treat.

My poor balls had been completely drained after a long afternoon of lustful play, and I was still nowhere near to cumming.  I desperately wanted to cum in my sister, if for no other reason than to be able to suck it all out along with her menstrual discharge, for a nasty snack. 

Mom came to the aid of her laboring children.  "You're killing her, Travis."

"I'm almost there," I grunted.

"You need a little help?"

"Anything." 

I felt Mom's finger worm into my ass to diddle my prostate.  A minute or so she had me cumming, but cumming nearly dry.  With jerky motions like I'd been attached to a 110-volt wall outlet, my final orgasm shot through me.  Drained, I collapsed on top of Leanne, my still hard cock buried in her quaking pussy. 

Mom and Linda managed to pull me off and out.   Mercifully Mom released the constricting cock-ring allowing the old spent blood trapped in my erectile tissues to drain away, the purplish color of my cock faded to my normal pinkish brown.

Leanne and I eventually regained our senses.  The ladies were all gathered around, watching us, talking amongst themselves in low hushed tones. Mom stroked my hair and declared, "Travis, that was truly impressive.  I'm sure these ladies will be quite satisfied with the quality of service you can provide us all.  Now that you've sampled us all, tell us, whose pussy is the best?"

Without thinking I blurted, "Leanne!   Leanne has the best pus..."  My words trailed off as I realized what I had just done.  I tried to recover, but the scowling look on those women's faces made me realize I'd better just run for it.  I tried to bolt, but eight hands had me.  I was lucky they only threw me into the pool rather than rip me apart.


Chapter 11

Travis gets punished at school and shows Sam's mother his rock collection...

Early the next morning I woke to the pleasant sensation of having my cock sucked.  I kept my eyes closed and tried to guess whether it was Leanne or Becky giving head.  They were the logical choices as the three of us had crowded into Leanne's bed last night to screw into the wee hours.  It didn't matter to me which girl was sucking me, my sister or the sister of my girlfriend.  It really didn't matter, it just felt good. 

The supple lips caressed the length of my cock, her tongue flickered across the soft undersides of my glans, causing me to twitch.  Dreamily I opened my eyes to watch the act of fellatio.  Mom looked up into my eyes and seeing me awake, let my turgid rod slip from her lips.

"Time to get up sleepyhead," she greeted with a mischievous grin.  "Sam'll be here in a few minutes, so get your butt up mister and get moving."

I glanced at the clock; it was late, very late.  "Aw, shit!"  I dashed into the shower and jumped out after ten seconds or so.  Grabbing some clothes, I dashed downstairs.

Becky and Leanne were just finishing their breakfast.   With a laughing eyes Becky commented on my nudity,  "You always come to breakfast naked?"

"Uh, no, I..."

"Travis, put on your pants," scolded Leanne with a grin, "we have company this morning!"

"That's alright," said Becky's mom sipping her coffee, "I sort of like him naked, don't you, dear?"

"Oh, Mom, you just like what's between his legs," chided Becky.

"And you don't?" smirked Becky's mom.

"Go take care of the horses, then eat," instructed my mom in a no nonsense manner.  "Now get dressed and get a move on it, before one of these ladies takes matters into their own hands."

I managed to get my jeans and my boots on and ran out to the horse stall.  No time for grooming, shoving shit or anything else other than giving them each a bucket of oats before letting them out into the pasture.  Running back to the house, I heard Sam's horn honking.  Mom handed me my shirt and an egg sandwich and herded me out the door. 

I slid into the front seat, pushing Katie's bra and other clothing into a pile between us.

"Wha'cha been up to, Kern?" greeted Sam.

"Fuckin' your mama," I replied half-jokingly.

"Yeah right," Sam scowled. "Where's Katie?"

"I, uh, I guess she's still home.  Becky spent the night here."

"Shit, we're gonna be late!"  In a cloud of dust, Sam spun his car around, throwing me against the passenger door and charged down the driveway, hardly slowing at all for the hard turn onto the road.

"Damn it, Dude!" I yelled fully awake now. "You don't have to get us killed!"

Sam laughed and gunned it, causing the old Impala to fishtail momentarily.  In mere seconds we were sliding into the Tate's drive. 

"Whoa!  What a rush!" I declared with a laugh as the Tate house all but disappeared behind a huge cloud of dust.  I fumbled around for a minute, sandwich held in my mouth while I put my shirt on.

"Hey, your dad's here," commented Sam as the Suburban came back into view.

"Yeah, guess he didn't make it home last night."

"Guess not.  What do you suppose he was doing here?"

Making a circle with my thumb and forefinger while thrusting my other fingers through the hole I chuckled, "Fucking my girlfriend."

"That doesn't bother you?"

"Naw, I suppose it doesn't."

"Man, it'd bother me."

"Why?  Look, I'm not the only guy with a dick and she's not the only girl with a cunt.  As long as I'm getting all I want, why shouldn't she get all she wants?..."  Sam didn't appear too convinced.  "Hey, if it makes you feel any better, I'll tell not to ever screw you again."

"Don't do that!  I just... oh, forget it!  You wanna drive again?"

"I gotta do this stupid algebra take-home test that I left in your car yesterday.  Go get her will ya?"

Focusing my attention to the open book test, I worked through each problem as quickly as possible, not bothering to check the answers I was generating.   I was two-thirds through before I looked up wondering where Sam was.  The front door opened and Sam dashed out, zipping up his pants.

"She ain't coming!  Too tired!  You should see her!  Soaked in dried cum, bloodshot eyes.  Your dad had just finished doing her when I came in."

"Get a little?"

Sam grinned.  "Yeah!  Sure did!"

I managed to finish the test before we arrived at school, twenty minutes late.  Being late, I was sent to the principle's office where I concocted a story about a flat tire.  Mr. Meeks, the principle asked to see my hands.  "Your hands aren't dirty, Mr. Kern.  How is it you changed a flat without getting dirty."

"Uh, Sam did the work.  No sense in both of us getting dirty."

"I see...  Sam Holis.  You catch a ride with Sam Holis, right?"

"Yes, sir."

"I know Sam, I know his dad too... just like I know your dad.  I know Mr. Higgins, the high school principle too.  Tell me, Mr. Kern, does your father tolerate lying?"

"No, sir!" I replied as my gut began tightening.

"I didn't think so."  Mr. Meeks looked over his reading glasses at me adding ominously, "Neither do I.  Now, do you want me to check out your story or do you want to get this over with and accept my punishment."

The gig was up.  I sure as hell didn't want my old man involved.  "Uh, I guess I'll accept my punishment, sir."

"Very well, Mr. Kern."  Mr. Meeks opened a file cabinet and pulled out a file.  "Mmmm, yes... I see that your parents have approved corporal punishment.  Excellent!  Select a paddle from the table."

I got up, selected a standard plywood paddle, just like the ones Dad used.  "Says here that I'm free to use my discretion.  You know what that means?"

"Uh, yes, Sir," I answered timidly.   I turned, dropped my jeans, and braced myself against the desk for the coming blows.

"Mr. Kern... You don't wear underwear?"

"Uhg, I, I didn't..."  CRACK!  "Owwwww!"

CRACK!  "Uhhhhhh!"

CRACK!  "Ohhhhh!"

CRACK!   "Mmmmm!"

"Tomorrow, you wear underwear.  Understand me?  I'm going to check on you to make sure, Mr. Kern.  Do you understand me?"

"Yes sir," I hissed through clinched teeth as my ass burned.

"If I catch you again without underwear, I'll have Coach Bruin do the punishment.  Am I clear?"

"Yes sir!" I whispered.

"Now, why were you late this morning Mr. Kern?"

I closed my eyes, wondering what I should do.  I certainly couldn't tell him the truth, that we were late because when we went to pick up Katie, Sam had to wait until my dad had finished with her.  "We had a flat tire."

"Bend over, Mr. Kern."

I had completely missed algebra class by the time Mr. Meeks decided that I wasn't changing my story.  What could I do?  I couldn't tell the truth, no matter how many licks I got.  I was seeing stars when Mr. Meeks told me that the matter was settled, to get dressed and get to class. 

With my poor butt still on fire, I stopped by my algebra class and turned in my test.  Mrs. Lucas asked if I had an excused absence.  I said no.  She took the test and scrawled a big zero across the top.  "You're late for your next class, Mr. Kern," she said suppressing a snicker.

Being careful not to be overheard, I muttered, "Fucking bitch!" under my breath.  Old biddy must've had the hearing of a dog.  I was promptly sent back to Mr. Meeks where I was taught not to be disrespectful towards my elders. 

During the next few classes I could hardly sit.  No matter how I sat, my butt hurt like hell.  Lunch recess was a godsend, as I could stand while I ate, even if old Mrs. Cook made me sit down twice, I still got to stand through most of lunch.  A bonus was that this also allowed me to sneak peeks down Rita's blouse.

JoAnn wanted to know where Katie was.  I told her that she was sick.  Rita asked why I couldn't sit.  I told her about this morning, but left out the central truth.  Why did I have to say anything?  As if by telepathy word spread through the cafeteria that I had a tender butt, and soon clowns appeared to give me a surreptitious swat whenever they could.

Before the bell rung, I saw Sam's little sister, Penny, talking amongst some friends.  I excused myself from Rita and JoAnn and sauntered up to Penny.

"Hi," I said eloquently. 

"Hi, Travis," she said with glint of excitement in her eyes.  "Wanna sit?"

"Uh, no, no thanks, I can't sit, not today."

"Daddy told me last night that I'm to start riding to school with you and Sam on Monday.  Sam's not very happy about it.  I hope you don't mind."

"Me?  Why should I mind riding to school with a pretty girl?"

Her friends all giggled and she blushed, casting her eyes down.  "Thanks, Travis, you're sweet."

"Ooooo, Penny's got a boyfriend," taunted one of the girls.

"Stop it, Nicki," growled Penny punching on her friend.

I checked her friend out.  Nice looking, nice developing tits.  'She'd be a nice fuck,' I thought to myself.  'Maybe...'

"So what's up, Travis?" asked Penny returning my attention to the task at hand.

"Nothing, I just came over to say, hello."  The bell rang giving us both an excuse to end the conversation.  I winked at her, turned, and headed for class, warding off as many swats as I could from my erstwhile buddies.

The long school day finally ended.  I met Sam back at his car.  He looked beat.  "Hey, Dude!  What's up?"

"Shit, Kern.  My butt's sore.  Got a paddling this morning."

"Me too."

"You did?  What did you tell old Meeks?"

"That we had a flat."

"Me too.  Higgins asked me why I wasn't dirty, I told him you changed it.  He didn't believe me."

"Yeah, I told Meeks that you changed it.  Well, we got at least half of our story straight."

Sam was visibly agitated as we rode home.  Finally he came out with it.  "You think Katie will be up for a screw?  If it's alright with you that is."

"I don't know.  Ask her."

"You coming along?"

"Naw.  Not today.  After all the crap Meeks gave me, I was late for English.  Now I gotta write an essay on the "Virtue of Punctuality."

"Bummer, man, that sucks! Why don't you just blow it off?"

"Naw, I'm already in deep shit this week.  I can't stand to take a zero in English too, not when I can avoid it."

"Do it later."

"Naw... Look, if you want to go screw Katie, go ahead. My pecker's still sore from yesterday."

"That's too bad, but I do understand."

We pulled up to the house.  "Your dad's home," he observed.  Then he added with a touch of concern.  "My mom's here too."

"So?  She's over here a lot."

"Damn it, now I have to go in and say hello to her."

"That might not be all you'll do," I said cryptically.

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing, Dude, nothing."  Sam followed me in.  This promised to be good. 

To my disappointment, Trisha Holis, Sam's mom, was sitting at the kitchen table fully dressed, chatting with my Mom.  It was a scene right out of 'Leave It to Beaver'.  I was sorely disappointed as I expected her to be sunbathing nude with Mom, or better yet, sunbathing nude with Dad drilling her.  I so wanted to see the expression on Sam's face.

"Hi, Honey," sang my Mom.

"Hello, Samuel, Travis," said Mrs. Holis with a warm motherly smile.  "You boys have a good day at school."

"Fine, Mom, fine," answered Sam.  "Look, I've got a lot of homework to do, so I'll see you later.  What time are ya coming home, Mom?"

Trisha looked at me squarely and said, "That depends, maybe in an hour or so.  Supper's ready, so we can eat as soon as your father gets home."

"Okay.  See ya, Mom.

"See ya, Miss Roxanne."

Sam turned, wiggled his eyebrows at me and said, "See ya later, Dude."

"You too, Dude," I replied.

"Can I fix you a snack, dear?"

"Thanks, Mom," I answered, "I'm pretty hungry.  What'cha got?"

"How about some cold fried chicken."

Mom's fried chicken was the absolute best in this or any other world.  Even a few days old, stone cold in the fridge, it was still delicious.  I joined Trisha at the table and soon I was munching down on a thigh.   I felt a foot rub against my leg, and seeing that Mom was still puttering around putting stuff back into the fridge, it wasn't hard to figure out who was playing footsie with me.

I tried to be cool.  "Where's Leanne?"

"She and Becky called," replied my mom. "They were going to hook up with Jason and Tom, and hangout with some friends."

"Hang out?"

"That's right."

"Yeah, right," I said grinning as I gnawed on the bones.  The foot was now rubbing my thighs.

"What's that supposed to mean?" 

"You know... oh, forget it.

"Where's Dad?"

"Asleep.  Poor dear, stayed up all last night helping Gib get their water well back on line."

"Water well?"  Who was she kidding?  Trisha's foot brushed over my growing cock.  I adjusted my position to make it easier on Trisha. 

Mom sat back down, studying my face as she sipped a fresh cup of coffee.  Mom knew damned good and well what was going on under the table, but she pretended not to know that anything was going on.  Trisha's foot continued to rub the underside of my bulging cock. 

"I've got to get supper on," declared Mom banally.  "Why don't you take Trisha up to your room and show her your rock collection."

"Rock collection?  Uh, yeah, sure."  I wasn't sure why Mom was playing this game, but I knew damned well that she was playing it and that I was expected to play along.

"Uh, Mrs. Holis..."

"Call me Trisha, dear. Please."

"Oh, yeah, sure.  Uh, Trisha..."

"Miss Trisha," sternly corrected my mom.

Confounded by the rules I was supposed to follow I mumbled, "Uh, yeah, okay."

I tired again, not at all sure that I would get it right and not offend someone. "Miss Trisha, would you like to see my rock collection?" I asked politely feeling silly for having to play along with this farce. I mean, it was pretty obvious to me what this was all about.

"You have some nice rocks?" she asked with a straight face.

"Yeah, I suppose so."

"I suppose you do too," she said with a mischievous grin. "Let's go see."

Sam's mom followed me up the stairs.  Halfway up, the thought crossed my mind that I was being rude.  Ladies first and all that is a good rule of etiquette, one that Mom insisted that I follow, and here I was with one of her friends following me.  If Miss Trisha said anything, I'd catch hell for boorish behavior.  I pondered how to correct the situation, reaching the upper landing before I resolved my latest dilemma.  My only hope of salvaging the situation was opening my bedroom door for her and permitting her to enter first.

Trisha stepped into my bedroom.  She surveyed the décor, and suddenly I felt a little foolish.  What with the model airplanes hanging from the ceiling, the country-band posters, the poster of a nude girl painted in red, white, and blue, and other corny stuff, I felt very immature.  My desk was littered with junk of all sorts and tacking a pair of Katie's panties to the wall suddenly didn't seem like such a good idea.  At least the bed was made with a simple dark green comforter.

With a wistful smile she commented, "Very nice, reminds me of Sam's room."

Pointing to the door that directly connected my room to my sister's room she asked,.  "Is that Leanne's room?"

"Uh, yes, ma'am."

"How convenient," she observed.

"Uh, here's my collection," I stammered, pointing to the assortment of ammonites, fossil snails, clams and other curios I had found on and near our ranch. 

I felt hot breath on my neck and felt her hand slide around to my crotch as she lightly laughed, "Very nice, Travis, but that's not the rocks I had in mind.  Mmmmm, these are the one I want to see."

Deftly she unbuckled my belt and unsnapped my jeans. "You don't wear underwear?" she huskily whispered as my cock sprang out into her hand as soon as she pulled the zipper down.  "Naughty boy," she whispered nibbling on my ear.  "What would your mother think?"

She continued rubbing my cock and balls, pressing her breasts into my back.  "You're going to make a lot girls happy with this," she said wrapping her hand around my stalk.  "Beautiful," she whispered, "simply beautiful."

Trisha let go of my dick and stepped back.  I turned to face her. She had started unbuttoning her blouse.  I brushed her hands away, taking over the chore of undressing her, looking into her eyes as I awkwardly fumbled with each and every damned button. 

"Let me help you, dear," she purred.  So much for being suave and debonair.   She finished with her buttons and dropping her blouse, turned her back towards me.  I struggled with the devilish double hooks and somehow managed to get the damned things unhooked.

She turned back, slipping the bra straps off her shoulders.  The garment drifted to the floor, joining her discarded blouse.  Did I mention that she was voluptuous?  That's the single word to describe her.  Nice full tits, with seemingly small nipples.  I wanted to just reach out and feel her up, but I remembered what Uncle Jake told me, "Don't be in rush with a woman.  Kiss her, kiss her a lot on the lips, they love that.  Then kiss her all over, her neck, her ears, shoulders, breasts, stomach, everywhere there's bare skin... kiss it... nibble it... lick it... and then kiss it again.  Try and save the nipples for last.  She'll love it.  Besides it's a hell of a lot of fun!"

Discarding my shirt, I pulled her to me and kissed her on the lips.  Nibbling her full lips, I then traced their outline with my tongue, just like Uncle Jake had told me.  I knew this was effective, because that's how I first got into Katie's panties.  Sam's mom responded by thrusting her tongue into my mouth, lancing with my tongue. Seemed to be effective on her too.

Brushing my bare chest across her bare bosoms, I kissed down her neck and across her shoulders, soaking up the aroma of her perfume.  She didn't smell anything like the fruit-juice stuff that Katie and her friends preferred, instead it was the wonderful aroma of an expensive perfume, lightly applied, alluring rather than overwhelming.  I resisted going directly for a tit and instead I returned to kiss and gently suck on her lips again. 

Locked in a smoldering kiss, I noticed another aroma.  It was faint and masked by her perfume.  In no rush, I lingered, breathing in her aroma and tried to sort out the smells.  It was a familiar smell.  Suddenly it dawned on me.  It was the faint, but unmistakable scent of another woman on her face; another woman's pussy to be specific.  I couldn't discern who's pussy, but I had a guess... after all, she and my mom where hanging out together when I got home from school. 

The thought occurred to me that it was too bad Sam that was in such a rush to have a bounce with Katie.  He should've stayed and showed my mom his rock collection. I'm certain that she would have enjoyed that.  Of course, Sam would have been floored.  It didn't seem fair to me that Sam was kept half in the dark about what went on between our folks, but I was told to keep my mouth shut, as it was his parent's job to educate him.

Trisha moaned and I knew I was doing okay.   Next trip down was right between her cleavage, then up along the underside of each magnificent breast. As I nibbled and kissed under her pendulous bosoms, her nipples brushed across my face.   Raking my cheeks and forehead across her little nips, I felt them rise into an erect state. 

"Ooooo, yesss," she hissed as my tongue traversed across her hard nipple.  "Mmmmmm, I like that," she whispered as my lips and tongue returned to suckle.  I was a little ahead of myself, but she didn't seem to mind, as she became very excited while I worked over her petite nip, rolling the little promontory between my lips, licking it, and suckling it like I was a baby.

I guess all the nerve endings spread out over a large aureole are concentrated in a small aureole, because I found her nipples to be very, very sensitive.  She began making little squeaking noises as I sucked and nibbled until she began to tremble.  "Enough!" she gasped, "Enough!"  She pulled away, panting, with a glassy look in her eyes.  That was the first time I realized that some women can orgasm just from having their breasts stimulated.

With a momentary break in the action, I took the opportunity to kick off my boots and socks.  Moments later, my jeans were over my ankles and lay crumpled on the floor with her blouse and bra.  Trisha was still recovering when I began stripping her of her jeans and panties.  I pushed her back until she fell back onto my bed, where I could complete my task. 

Her butt was near the edge of the bed, her feet resting on the floor.  I lifted her foot.  Looking her in the eye, I began kissing her foot and sucking her toes. Her toes were definitely salty, clean but salty.  I discovered I liked that, just as I discovered how much she liked it. 

I gotta hand it to Uncle Jake, he sure knew what he was talking about when it came to getting a girl off.  I didn't believe him when he told me what and how to do it, but toe sucking really turned her on. An extra side benefit I discovered that afternoon was that it also provides you with a great view of a woman's pussy as her arousal increases.  In Trisha's case, my tittie feasting already had aroused her.  Her pussy verily glittered and glinted with moisture from the tangle of hair covering her vulva.  As she writhed and slowly wiggled about, I watched with growing excitement as her pussy lips seemed to part on their own accord, the glistening pink of her inner sanctum invitingly showing through the camouflage.

On reflection, I suppose I rushed it a bit, having laved over only one foot, but I really don't think she minded.  Licking and nibbling up her calves and up her thigh, my eyes were zeroed in on the tasty treat that beckoned me.  Ever closer to my afternoon delicacy, I inhaled the heady fragrance of her arousal.  To me her natural scent was far better than her expensive perfume.  I really had to struggle to maintain control of the situation and not just bury my face in her snatch.  Keeping in mind what Uncle Jake had told me, I licked the crease between her vulva and thigh, then I bypassed her pussy, going on a roundabout kissing trip up through her forest to visit her navel and then back down to nibble at her other inner thigh.

I teased her unmercifully, kissing and nibbling all around her aromatic pussy, but avoiding her at the same time.  I did, however, nuzzle my nose through her pubic hair, inhaling her rich womanly aroma, and fleetingly let my nose press into her.  She was punching her hips, trying to drive my tongue into her, but I managed to avoid giving in to her too quickly, allowing instead for her sexual tension to continue to build.

I knew Uncle Jake would be proud of me when she nearly screamed, "Oh, yessssss, baby, yessssss!" as I took that first slow lick up between her labia, scooping up the copious fluids that were trickling from her.  Did I already mention that I love the taste of pussy?  A nice juicy pussy?   The juicer the better? I thought so.  Sam's mom was certainly juicy, providing me with a generous quantity of feminine secretions to scour from her snatch.

Starting out slow, my tongue-lashing became more and more energetic.  Only after navigating several times across every square centimeter of her pussy flesh that my tongue could reach, did I zero in on her clit for the coup de main.  Vigorously I orally assaulted her protruding little man until the she ripped herself away from me, howling in the throes of a massive orgasm.  Showing mercy, I let her be, knowing that she was now too sensitive for any further clitoral stimulation, at least for the time being.   She rolled onto her stomach, convulsing in a ball on my bed.

Sam's mom had slid off the bed partially, with only her arms, shoulder and head resting on the mattress.  Lifting her by the hips, I straddled her in a near squat.  She felt my dick rooting around between her legs and she rotated her hips upward.  My glans found her labia, easily slipping in between her lubricated lips.  I thrust a few times, realizing that I wasn't actually in her, rather my cock was sliding between her lips and across her clit.  Next try I found the passageway to her womb.  I sank balls deep into her in one motion, and began fucking her with long strokes, her ass punching upward to meet my thrusts.

I pounded her pussy, riding her high up her back, driving the head of my cock into her g-spot with each savage inward stroke, fucking her to great effect.  She was wailing like a banshee, tossing her head side to side.   At one point I caught something in my peripheral vision.  Mom was at the door, closing it.  I screwed her until she finally threw herself forward, freeing herself of my cock just I was near the point of no return.  

Catching my breath while she drifted down from her latest sexual paramount, I caught sight of the cock-strap and the tube of KY Jelly that someone had thoughtfully placed on my bed stand for me.  The lull in the action allowed my prick cool off a little.  I eschewed a marathon fucking with the cock-strap, but took full advantage of the moment, greasing my pecker up with KY for round four.

Mrs. Holis was now more or less on the bed, but her knees were still on the floor.  Rubbing her up the butt crack, she didn't give any indications that her asshole was off limits.  With a finger up her butt, I coaxed her to crawl up onto the bed.  Crawling up behind her on my knees, I positioned my cock and pushed into her.  Her sphincter gave way easily and I slid effortlessly up Tricha's well-traveled butt.

My legs were weak from fucking in a squat and having her firmly and deeply impaled on my dick, I rolled us together onto our side.  Spooning her like that was a very pleasant position for a leisurely ass fucking, allowing me good access to her breasts and equally good access to her clit.  She moaned almost continuously while I pumped into her from behind, twiddling her tits, twiddling her twat, bringing her back to a very high state of raw passion where she made an unbelievable amount of racket as another climax built to the breaking point.  This time I was close too and when I felt her gut clinch around my tingling dick, I let loose, jetting a stream of my cum up her rectum as she trembled and shook in ultimate pleasure.

Spent and very sated, I feel asleep with my dick up Sam's mom's ass, hugging her body close to mine.  She must have dozed off too, because we were still in the same position, her asshole gripping around the rim of my soft glans when Mom came in to gently wake us up.

"Trisha.  Trisha dear.  It's getting late.  You need to go home."

Hearing my mother's soft voice, I instinctively snuggled into Trisha's back, grasping her breast.

"Travis, wake up, dear.  Supper will be ready in a thirty minutes and you still have your chores to do."

Hearing the dreaded word 'chores' I mumbled, "Fuck."

"Don't you talk like that young man!" scolded my mom.  "I'll have your father teach you some manners!"

Trisha and I began to peal apart, my dick stretching until it popped free of her ass.

"Oh, sorry Mom.  I didn't mean to say that, I..."

Mom laughed, "It's okay, dear.  I understand.  I just don't want you using that word so casually."

It wasn't until I was shoveling horseshit in the stall that the irony of what Mom said struck me.  I could casually fuck her friend and the mother of my best friend, but I wasn't to say the word 'fuck'.  Parents!  The absurdity struck me funny and I had a hearty laugh.
