Hannah Punishes Her Little Brother, Her Naked Little Brother
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 5

She goes to bed that night and lies there, thinking hard. She is wearing her huge T-shirt and, as she goes over the events of the last few days she, is getting a bit horny. She puts her hand under the T, jams her wrist up against her pussy and clamps it there, between her crossed thighs.

Eventually she concludes that there are three things she thinks are true:

1) He is a lovely, sensitive, passionate, empathic, and moral boy and she would have fucked his brains out long ago if he was not her brother.

2) What they are doing is causing no-one any harm and they are both loving every minute.

3) She is not sure, but she thinks she may be falling in love with him.

d) She really, really, really wants to feel his tongue in her pussy.

She added the final one at the last moment and may not have been thinking entirely clearly.

She decides that for tomorrow’s lesson she will teach him about foreplay and cunnilingus. If nothing else, one more man who knows how to do it properly will be a service to womankind.

She falls asleep, happy with her decision; her wrist still held tight between her thighs, now feeling slightly damp.

The next thing she knows she is hearing a strange chinking noise. She opens her eyes and the first thing she sees is a semi-erect penis, she’s guessing - probably Ryan’s. Above the penis is a tray from which the clinking is emanating. Above the tray is a very smiley and proud young face. She realises that she made the right decision; how could you tell that little face that the fun is over, and he should go and put some clothes on. “I made you some breakfast” it says. She gets a huge lump in her throat. She sits up in bed and arranges some pillows behind her. He puts the tray on her lap. She looks at the items on the tray: toast on a plate, burnt, but with most of the charcoal scraped off, complete half pound of butter, in it’s wrapper, jar of marmalade, mug of coffee. He looks so proud that she can’t help but be delighted. “That’s lovely Ryan, thank you.” she says and smiles fondly at him. She goes for the coffee first, it is actually pretty good, if a bit cool. The toast is cold and the butter, when she finally gets into it, is stone cold - straight from the fridge. He is looking at her so expectantly that she slices slivers of butter onto the toast, and covers it with the marmalade. She takes a bite, it is not good, but she smiles and says “Lovely.” He beams at her. God, she thinks, this boy could compete in ‘Cute’ at the Olympics. She decides that distraction might be the best solution. “I’ve gotta pee” she says. He lifts the tray and she pulls the covers back exposing, actually exposing her naked stomach, pussy and legs, she wasn’t actually expecting that. The penis ratchets up to a good three quarters. “Maybe you should take that down to the kitchen and I’ll finish it there.” she says, pulling her T-shirt down and heading towards the bathroom.

When she gets down to the kitchen it looks like a bomb’s hit it; there’s no sign of Ryan. She nibbles on the toast and then hides the rest under some of the other trash in the bin. She finishes the coffee while tidying up the mess, humming to herself while she does; she is very happy.

She goes upstairs to change. This morning she is going to, at least partially, fulfil one of her fantasies. She dresses in her spare cheerleading outfit but with no underwear. We are both going to enjoy this a lot, she thinks.

When she goes outside she finds Ryan lying on the sun-lounger. She walks over to him and looks down, she can see that he has put some suntan lotion on; he is all shiny and glistening. He is looking at her legs and his cock rises. “What do you want to do today?” she asks. As she says this, she takes the bottom of her skirt and slowly raises it until she can see from his reaction, that the bottom of her pussy is showing. “Err, don’t mind” he replies. His cock is now hard and twitching. She turns around and repeats the process, flashing the bottom of her ass at him. “Nothing coming to mind?” she teases, wiggling her ass at him. “You could do a handstand?” He ventures. “Naughty boy! I’m going to do some more practice. Tell me what you think.” This is not quite what she has fantasised about, but she thinks it’s as close as she’s ever going to get. She puts some music on and starts to dance, adding in some twirls. The air on her moist pussy feels great and she loves the effect she is having on Ryan. When she does high kicks her pussy lips open up and she can feel the breeze inside her; it feels so good that she wants to feel the breeze on her breasts and nipples too. She guesses that her fantasy really was to dance naked in front of strangers, and she decides to go for it. She takes her singlet off first and the air on them is just as good as she hoped. Then she takes off the skirt. Ryan actually starts applauding at this point so she bows to him. She starts dancing again and it feels wonderful to feel the air moving over her whole body and with her breasts free of any restraint. She can feel a pulsing in her vagina and she is reaaly quite moist. She does a tumbling routine and, when she lands it, she raises her arms and spins in quarter turns, thrusting out her tits and ass, just like she has seen gymnasts do. On the third quarter she stops. A delivery guy has come round the side of the house and he is watching her. She starts to cover up her tits and pussy, maybe she isn’t that keen on displaying all her charms to a stranger after all. Then she realises that the delivery guy is not, in fact, a guy, he is a she. She is much happier with this idea, in fact she is very happy, and carries on with her display. She can only see the woman from time to time, but she can tell that she is getting slowly closer. She can see the woman’s face now, and she is quite attractive, probably late twenties. She is holding a box in her hands and her expression is hard to read, but definitely very interested. She carries on with her moves adding some split-kicks. She can now see that the woman is holding the box with only one hand. The other is hidden behind the box. Is she...? The idea that this woman might be masturbating while watching her gives her a huge thrill, but she can’t be sure when her head is moving about so much. She does a handstand and, while there, she does the splits. This is not a move they actually use, it would cause too many heart attacks! As she does it, she can feel her pussy open right up, and it nearly causes to to fall, but she steadies, then looks between her arms at the woman. She can clearly see that her arm is moving in the distinctive way of someone rubbing themselves. Her pussy clenches hard and her clit is tingling. She rolls out of the hold, stands up, and turns to face the woman, smiling widely. The woman returns her smile. At this point Ryan turns to see who she is smiling at and, when he sees the woman he jumps to his feet. She sees the woman look at Ryan’s hard cock and now knows what her expression was: lust. She walks slowly towards the woman, putting on her best catwalk model strut. When she gets within arms reach, she looks at her face and sees that she is staring at her breasts, Hannah waits patiently until the woman looks up at her then smiles warmly at her. Then she looks down at the woman’s crotch and can see a clear vertical crease in her slacks. She looks back up to the woman’s face who, this time, is staring at her crotch. When the woman looks back up to her face again, Hannah puts out her hands; the woman reaches out with the parcel. Hannah puts her hands on the woman’s upper arms, leans in and kisses her on the mouth, no tongues, that would be weird, but a long, firm kiss, which the woman returns, with some passion. When she breaks the kiss the woman’s expression is still lust but with a bit of astonishment thrown in. Hannah snatches the parcel, winks at her, and skips away back to Ryan; laughing gaily. She shouts “Thank you!” to the woman over her shoulder as she goes.

Ryan was obviously very impressed by seeing her, naked, kissing another girl; it is written all over his penis, or at least leaking all over it. She doesn’t wait for him to ask, and leads him by the hand back to the lounger. She checks and the woman has gone. She had loved feeling Ryans body reacting as he wanked for her before, and she wants to feel it again, only more so. She sits astride the bed and pats between her legs, nodding her head for to Ryan to sit there. He sits back against her, and she can just feel the top of his butt crack touching her, now very wet, pussy. She puts her arms around his waist and pulls him tight up against her. She then brings her legs in until they squeeze hard on his, and puts her head on his left shoulder. She breathes in deeply through her nose and, there it is, his wonderful fragrance. She pulls him even harder against her groin. “I want you to wank for me now please Ryan.” she says softly. In this position she can feel every tiny twitch of his muscles as he slowly brings himself off. Every time his ass cheeks clench, which is often, it squeezes her pussy deliciously. As he gets near to the finish she opens her mouth in the hope of catching some of his sperm. In the last moments the tremors she can feel are extraordinary and the way his whole body goes rigid as he erupts is even better than she had hoped for. She didn’t manage to catch any in her mouth but scoops up fingerfulls from his chest and savours it while she holds him tight for as long as he will let her.

After a shower, where she wet shaves again, she goes to her Mother’s closet. She knows exactly what she wants to wear but she hasn’t got it herself. She finds what she is looking for: a knee length silk skirt. She slips it on over her naked body, and swings her ass from side to side, watching herself in the full length mirror. It clings to her skin beautifully and the sensation as it slides across he ass and pussy is divine. She pairs it with one of her own silk blouses, which feels just as good as it brushes over her breasts and her now, very erect nipples. She decides, there and then, to buy herself more silk stuff like this as soon as she can.

In the kitchen Ryan watches her every move as she prepares them a stir-fry. This involves many trips to the fridge and much chopping, and she is not sure who is enjoying it more. Every time she sees a drop of pre-cum on the end of his penis she wipes it off with her index finger, and either sucks it clean, or wipes it onto her lips and then licks them provocatively, often accompanied by phrases like: “Dirty, dirty little boy.” whispered just at the edge of hearing.

After tea is the obligatory episode of Euphoria, they are both addicted now, which could be a problem when the parents get back, she thinks. She also thinks that they are both a little bit in lust with Jules. God, she thought, what a threesome that would be: Ryan could have the tits, she could have the cock and they could both have that stunning, pert little ass. She was pretty sure that Hunter, the actor who plays her, would have different arrangements; it would be a good problem to have!

“Right, lessons” she says afterwards in her schoolmarm voice, standing up in front of the class. Ryan puts his hand up immediately, and the penis registers it’s approval too. “Nice to see you’re so keen boy. Tonight I’m going to teach you how to pleasure a woman. Ryan looks as happy as a dog with two dicks. She slowly takes off her blouse and skirt, undressing in front of him has it’s normal effect on her and she is soon shaking faintly with excitement and anticipation. She adopts the same pose as yesterday and indicates to Ryan that he should do the same. She waits while he gets over the inital rapture of being so close to her naked pussy and she thinks he might actually be able to understand what she is saying. “The mistake most men make is to dive straight in to the vagina or clit.” she says. Girls need a lot more time to get going than men. Take it slow, kiss and lick the inner thighs and vulva before...” Her mobile rings before she can finish. She looks at the screen. Fuck, it is Georgie, she was supposed to ring him back. I’ll just take it and get rid of him quickly, she thinks. “Hi, sorry I didn’t ring you back.” she says. Ryan is kissing her inner thighs and it feels sooo lovely. He starts to kiss her vulva, very softly. “Yeah, I know. Sorry Georgie I’ve been really busy.” Ryan stops kissing her, but she can still just feel his breath on her pussy. “No, no. I can’t come out tonight, I’ve got to look after Ryan.” Ryan dips his tongue between her lips and runs it up an down, agonisingly slowly. She was actually fully intending to abandon him like this before she and Ryan became so embroiled. Ryans tongue is driving her crazy, licking her outer lips. Georgie is going on about his last football game and she can’t get a word in edge ways to shut him down. “No, I dont think I’ll be able to go to her party either. Sorry.” Ryan has used his hands to open her pussy and has pute his tongue deep inside her vagina. She gasps and pushes her hips up. “Oh nothing. I didn’t know you had another game on Saturday. I don’t know maybe I could...” Ryan has stopped licking her. “No.” she says firmly “I won’t be able to come.” Ryan licks all the way up to her clit hood and laps at it lovingly. “I’m sorry, maybe next week sometime” Ryan again stops his ministrations. “No, I don’t know what day!” Ryan drives his tongue into her, hard, and laps at her furiously. She realises that he is fighting Georgie for her affections with his tongue, and she loves him for it. “Yeah, maybe we should take a break.” Ryan has found her clit and is licking it gently. She was supposed to be teaching him, but the boy is a fucking natural born pussy whisperer!” “Well fuck you too Georgie ... Yes, let’s call it a day.” Ryan starts to suck on her clit. She feels a wet finger start to tease her asshole. “Oh God, Oh God! ... No, no. Sorry I’ve just got a bit of cramp” She thrusts her hips up hard against Ryan’s mouth. He slips the finger into her ass up to the first joint. “I’ve gotta go, bye” she says it in a rush. Ryan is sucking hard on her clit and she is cumming, oh God is she cumming. She cuts the call and drops the phone onto the floor, then she crushes Ryan’s head between her thighs and grabs her breasts, roughly mauling them and pulling brutally on the nipples. And she was supposed to be teaching this boy ... Fucking hell she is never, ever, going to let this one go! She lifts his head slightly when she gets too sensitive, and he takes the hint and, ever so gently, licks all over her pussy, lapping up every drop of her pussy juices. When she reluctantly takes his head in her hands, he gives her vulva one last kiss and then they stand up. He turns to the door. “Good night Hannah, I really do love you you know” “Wait,” she says, pointing to his erection, which is smothered in leakage. “what about that?” “Oh, that’s OK,” He replies “it will go away eventually. I just wanted to make you happy.” This is possibly the corniest line she has every heard, but she knows, with absolute certainty, that if she were to let him go now, he would not touch it. She thinks her heart might actually burst, and she runs to him, throwing her arms around his neck, and kissing him passionately; she can taste herself in his mouth. Finally she breaks the kiss. “Ryan, nobody has ever made me feel that good” she says lovingly, and it is absolutely true. She takes his penis in her hand, wrapping her fingers around it firmly, and leads him by it, over to the sofa. “Lessons aren’t over yet, young man”

She sits him down on the edge of the sofa, pulls his knees apart, and takes the head of his penis in her mouth; it is covered in pre-cum and tastes lovely. She cups his balls and strokes them gently, then she lowers her mouth until his cock is just touching the back of her throat. She has tried deep-throating in the past, but could not get past the gagging sensation, which she hated. She thinks now that she would be willing to try again, for Ryan, but not now. She wraps her other hand around the base of his cock, wanking him gently, while running her tongue and lips over his glans. As she feels him tensing, and his cock throbs more she increases the pressure of her hand, stroking harder and begins to suck on him. He is thrusting his hips at her and she goes faster, sucks harder ... and her mouth fills with his cum. She grips him tightly with her lips, not wanting to lose a drop, until his spasms and spurts finally stop. Then she rolls his cum around in her mouth, revelling in the taste. Finally she swallows, and then licks his cock clean, causing him to twitch violently whenever she touches his hypersensitive glans. As he begins to soften she squeezes from the base upwards with her hand and then completes the milking with her lips; she is rewarded with one final little mouthful of his seed and she relishes it.

She leads him, by the hand, upstairs to her room, and to her bed. They cuddle for ages, her head on his shoulder. At one stage his hand goes to her breast and he strokes it and the nipple very gently. She realises that, in all their fun and games, this is the first time he has touched her there. “How’s your first girl’s breast?” She asks him quietly. He mumbles something she can’t hear. “Sorry, what?” “Not my first breast.” He repeats, still only just audible. She is very interested; has he managed to cop a feel of some girl?” “Oh, yes. Who was the lucky girl?” “I’m not supposed to tell you. I promised her.” She can feel him trembling faintly, and her amusement starts to change to worry. She sits up and looks at him, but he will not look directly at her. “Are you OK ... What’s wrong ... Tell me ... Please Ryan.” She is almost begging him now. He finally looks at her. “It was Mom.” His face is red with emotion: embarrassment and shame. “God!” She says and hugs his head to her breasts, rocking him.

She eventually gets the whole story out of him. It had happened about a year ago. He had fallen off his bike and badly grazed his hand and right knee. He managed to get home and had shown his Mother. She had taken him up to her bathroom and sat him down on the loo. While she was tending to his knee he had been able to see down the front of her top, and it had made him hard. When she was finished with his knee she had knelt in front of him, and held him, with his head against her breasts. After a while she had taken his hand in hers and placed it on her breast over her clothes, stroking her breast with his hand. Then she had said something about his shorts and had taken them off, his underpants with them. His cock had been very hard. She had taken him into her mouth and made him cum. She had then made him promise never to tell anyone - it’s our little secret, she has said to him.

“It’s OK.” Hannah said to him softly, still rocking him. “It’s not your fault. Don’t worry about it.”

Eventually she can tell he has fallen asleep and she creeps out of the bed. She goes over to her laptop and logs into Amazon. After a while she finds what she is looking for, checks it is on next day delivery, and orders it.

She goes back to the bed and manages to slip back in without waking him. She snuggles up with her back to him, his soft penis nestling between her cheeks. He puts his arm around her waist. She is utterly content, she can smell his beguiling fragrance now mixed with the scent of their sex. She feels safe and comfortable and happy and somehow also angry. Sleep does not come quickly.

