Six Hundred Reasons
byPoorwriter©
These are all stories written as letters from a wife to her husband. He asks her to write any thing she remembers that are sexual in any way. She is in her mid forties and in excellent shape. She is very beautiful. She grew up in the country, he in the city. This is an incident that happened well into their marriage. 

SIX HUNDRED REASONS

Hi Honey,

Please don't be mad at me O.K.? I was over at my sister's house today. Her brother-in-law Robert was there visiting for a week from Wisconsin. He's the one who got injured on his farm when he was younger and got a huge settlement. He has a lot of money, but he is in a wheelchair the rest of his life. He's about my age and pretty handsome actually and quite funny. 

We were all three having a great time visiting. My sister Beth got a call she had been waiting for and said, "Guys, please excuse me, I'm afraid I have to take this and it will be a while." We were enjoying each other's company so we both said, "No problem."

Well we kept chatting a bit and I was asking Robert how he was coping with his injury and what was the thing he missed most. He said, "You'd think it'd be walking, but it's not, it's women. I have not been able to get a woman to even go out with me once. I miss them so much, even just seeing them, if you know what I mean." I think I knew what he meant.

Anyhow ... then he flat out tells me, "Catherine, you have the finest little bubble butt I have ever seen, and pleeeease don't take this the wrong way. I know your husband could beat me up, but who couldn't right? Anyway I can't walk, but I do have money and I will be glad to give you two hundred dollars if you will let me see your bare bottom for five minutes." 

I couldn't believe it. But what's more unbelieveable is that after thinking about it – I agreed to it!!! I figured this nice guy never gets to see a bare bottom of a woman and he can surely afford it. And it would do no one any harm, I was sure you might even want me to do it for the guy considering his situation and maybe even get a thrill from it. 

And quite frankly I was a little flattered and even excited to do it since I knew nothing bad could come of it. So I said, "O.K. Mister, you show me the money and you have yourself a deal."

He reached into a bag hanging on the side of his chair and pulled out his wallet. I've never seen so much cash! He pulled out two crisp one hundred dollar bills, which I picked up and slipped into my purse. 

I then smiled and said, "I believe you ordered one bare naked women's bottom Sir." I was wearing shorts and I stood in front of him with my back to him and slid down the shorts letting them hit the floor. He was loving it and that energy was transferring to me. 

I ever so slowly eased my tiny panties down and stepped out of them. I bent over to pick them up, giving him a bonus 'beaver-shot' as you call it. I said, "The five minutes start now." 

He was so thrilled and ohhhed and ahhed and I in response really 'poked' that little hinder out for him to enjoy and let her sway back and forth a bit. Just to be nice I kept my feet apart a little more than usual too. 

He told me I had the most perfect little butt in the world so to be nice and give him a thrill I reached back and spanked it nice and hard about four times. I thought he would cum in his pants he loved that so much. (I've noticed all guys do – why is that?)

He reached in his wallet and held out another hundred dollar bill and said, "Another hundred if I can touch it for five more minutes." I took the bill and said, "Deal." 

I backed up close to him and he began to gently caress my buns and it actually felt wonderful. He let his fingers slide down my crack and I figured that was part of my butt so I didn't say anything. 

He reached between my legs and cupped my pussy and I was going to protest, but I figured he paid me three hundred dollars already and I was doing a good deed and plus to be honest, it felt great. 

I stopped when he slipped a finger in my pussy, but I will admit I let him wiggle around in there for a minute before I stopped him. Now I was getting horny!

Then he holds out another hundred and says,"Here, my lovely lady is another hundred if you'll kindly kneel on the coffee table in front of me.' 

I took that too and said, "O.K. with me buddy." I knelt on the table and really poked out my pussy for him, the way you like me to. He was going crazy, he just loved it. I swayed my bottom from side to side and arched my back way up and they waaay low to really poke it up and I opened my knees for him too. 

He must have taken that as an invitation and he slipped two fingers this time into my pussy. Funny what four hundred dollars can cause a girl to over look. My pussy was on fire at this point. This rascal found my gee spot and was massaging it like he owned it. After a little over five more minutes I said, "Times up." 

He said, "Catherine, I'll give you another hundred to see that fine pussy of yours." I said, "Make it two hundred and I'll make it worth your while." It was his turn to say. "Deal!!!" and he peeled off two more hundred dollar bills for me. I was now up to six hundred dollars!!!! 

I couldn't believe it. Now I know what those strippers feel like making such huge money for wagging their tales.

What he didn't realize is how horny this exhibitionism had made me. I first stood right in front of him and showed him my pussy up close. I let him touch it a bit and even let him slip those expert fingers up inside me again. 

With his other hand he stroked my lips and started to touch Miss Clitty and stir his finger around her. That's when I laid down on the coffee table on my back and stretched my long legs into a giant vee like you love me to do. Then I opened and closed them like a giant scissors. He was loving it. 

Then I said, "Here's your bonus Robert." and I began to rub myself and especially Miss Clitty. She was dying for a rubdown and I was ready to give it to her. As I was touching that powerful little clit of mine, I pulled my little sweater and bra up and uncovered my fabulous boobies and began to tug hard on my nipples and let my boobs 'snap' back. That always gets me going. 

I figured six hundred dollars in fifteen minutes deserves a good show. I slipped two fingers inside me and began to go to town. It didn't take long with a good looking man staring at me from three feet away for me to cum like a freight train.

My little butt was banging and bucking up and then down hard on that coffee table and I was soaking wet. I finished fast and laid there exhausted letting him stare at my boobs as I gently massaged them as a part of my cool down. 

He loved seeing them as well as my nipples and pussy while I got my breath back.

Then I stood up and put my shorts on right in front of him and I pulled my bra and sweater back in place and placed my cute little panties on his face. He loved it and put them in his pocket. 

Shortly after that my sister came back down and asked if we were getting acquainted. We both said, "Oh yes, very much so."

That was a fun afternoon. I hope you aren't mad Honey. 

After all, he didn't undress or screw me.

Love,

Catherine
