Jackie's Rules
by Dreming_Alice_

Jackie's Rules Pt. 11

Sunday.

Alice had allowed Jackie Saturday afternoon to herself. Which meant she was left at a loss. She hadn't much enjoyed the lack of structure and spent the majority of her time playing games on her computer.

This meant she spent most of the afternoon sat on the dildo which lived on her computer chair, so at least she was following one rule. Or Two of you counted being naked.

She had gone to bed resolving to ask for more structure at the weekend. She appreciated Alice giving her some alone time, but she didn't need it. She wanted, or maybe needed more instruction, it was all she craved.

Her alarm sounded at 4am, as she had planned. There was washing to do and if she was to follow the rule to do it nude, Jackie was going to have to be crafty.

Minutes later, she had bundled her pile of clothes and bedding into the large washer down the hall and was making her way back towards her room.

Stopping before her front door, Jackie decided to get a head start on the rest of her day. Lying down in the hall, closer to Alice's door than her own, she began touching herself and tried to recall her new mantra.

"I love rules more than anything. They keep me focused. Alice keeps me focused by giving me amazing rules and keeping me horny. I am at my best when horny and denied."

She shivered a little with cold and a little with pleasure, then continued...

"Rule one, wake up every day at 05:30, then recite my mantra and my rules, whilst masturbating in the hall. "

"Rule two, run every Weekday Morning, wearing a Sports bra, sneakers and Alice's panties from the previous day."

"Rule three, go to the Gym with Alice Every Saturday. "

"Rule four, I will play tennis twice a week."

"Rule five, no using Elevators."

"Rule six, no shoes in my apartment."

"Rule seven, always walk to class, don't use the bus."

"Rule eight, Don't lock my dorm room when I am in, so Alice Can enter."

"Rule 9, when dressing myself, seek approval from Alice(selfie or in person)."

"Rule ten, no using antiperspirant deodorant."

"Rule eleven, when Alice gives me an order, I should always call her Ma'am."

"Rule twelve, on Fridays, I will study in the library, wearing my princess plug and with my panties round my ankles. If I arrive without shoes, the plug will be replaced with a dildo."

Jackie spent a moment remembering this Friday, sat basically bottomless in the library, with her largest dildo in her ass. Her fingers danced over her clit at the thought.

"Rule thirteen, if I'm not wearing any underwear, I must not wear shoes in the apartment block. "If I am already not wearing shoes, I will strip naked in the parking garage before entering."

"Rule fourteen, no orgasms on weekdays."

"Rule fifteen, no orgasms without verbal permission from Alice."

"Rule sixteen, No orgasms in the apartment building."

"Rule seventeen, when I sit at my desk I must be sat on my largest dildo."

"Rule eighteen, whenever & wherever I study, my panties must be round my ankles."

"Rule nineteen, I will wear a butt plug during all classes."

"Rule twenty, I will never wear a butt plug and panties at the same time."

"Rule twenty one, I must only wear a collar when in our dorm rooms. Nothing else."

"Rule twenty two, all laundry must be done naked."

"Rule twenty three, for every hour of study, I must take a break and edge."

"Rule twenty four, I must never be late to Miss Carlson's Class and will always sit in the front row."

"Rule twenty five, I must not wear sports bras as well as another top."

"Rule twenty six, I must not shave myself. It will always be done for me."

Alice had sprang this one on Jackie before they parted yesterday. It made sense to her if Caitlin was going to do it, but she was a little worried if Alice planned to change it to someone else.

"Rule twenty seven, I will only shower in public bathrooms. Never my own."

"Rule twenty eight, I must only wear one pair of my own panties per week."

"Rule twenty nine, whenever I go to the gym I must be bottomless. I will remove any clothing covering my bottom half at the counter whilst talking to Charlie."

"Rule thirty, whenever I ride in Alice's car, I must be bottomless, with one foot on the dash and the other out of the window. I will also recite my mantra and stroke my clit with one finger."

"Rule thirty one, I must visit Caitlin every Saturday after the gym. She will trim my pubic hair and re-dye it as needed, as well as painting my nails to match."

Jackie's fingers were now sliding across her soaking sex. Slipping between her folds as she thought about all her rules. Thirty one felt like so many, but surely she could manage more... God she wanted more.

Without an interruption from Alice this morning Jackie just carried on masturbating and day dreaming about all the ideas Alice might have for more rules. She had to pinch herself twice to prevent an orgasm, yet she didn't stop.

Finally coming to her senses after who knows how long, she forced herself to stand up and went to check the washer. It still had twenty minutes left so Jackie decided she would have a shower.

She grabbed a towel from her room and walked to the shared dorm shower room. At least it was on the same floor as her room.

As she got under the warm water, Jackie reflected on the previous day's events. It felt so much better having a more trimmed pussy, but every time she caught a glimpse of her love heart shaped pubes she was overcome by a wave of embarrassment. It would be even worse if somebody actually saw...

The "disguise" Alice had bought for her was worrying too. It obviously meant that Alice was going to make her show her face in the videos she had been doing. She had already posted the picture in which you could see her shocked expression in the mirror.

Jackie desperately hoped that long red hair and glasses was enough to hide her identity. Perhaps she should adopt a different voice too to help? She though about creating an alter-ego, one which could be as slutty as she wanted without real-life consequences, or less consequences at least...

Trying not to get too caught up in her own thoughts, Jackie finished up quickly and dried herself in her towel, wrapping it round herself.

Stepping into the hall, she couldn't help but wonder if she had stumbled onto a loophole here. She could walk to the laundry room wearing the towel and take it off to check her washing. That way she would technically be doing her washing in the nude, without too much fear of being caught in the hallway.

She made her way to check on the washer, more relaxed than she had felt in a little while. She left the towel hanging know the door and opened the washer, before moving everything into the dryer.

Heading back to her room with the towel around herself Jackie wondered what she should do with her Sunday. If yesterday afternoon was bad without structure, what could she do with today?

Discarding the towel in her laundry basket, Jackie flipped open her laptop, setting it on the desk and grabbed a squirt or two of lube from the bottle she now kept on her desk. She wondered if she really needed it, as shew groaned involuntarily applying it to her labia and beyond.

Once she had good coverage. Jackie lowered onto the dildo on the chair at her desk with ease and began to use the laptop. She opened one of the profiles that Alice had set up for her and looked at the bio. It was basically blank. She'd hoped for that. She really wanted to create her own character.

Reaching for the wig and checking herself in the mirror, rocking back and forth on the dildo, Jackie searched for a name. She tried for something classy, but that could also be a stripper name.

Staring at the color of the wig, she thought of the trees round her town back home and made her mind up.

"Aspen." she said aloud. Their leaves went red in the autumn, it wasn't a perfect color match, but she liked the link to home.

After typing the name into the Bio, Jackie filled out the bio a little with what she thought Aspen would. She wrote about being a college girl, who was looking to enjoy herself, that she was an exhibitionist, who just couldn't help herself, that she would try anything sexual at least once...

Meanwhile, Alice got a notification on her phone. She had alerts on the new account. She lay on bed, reading the profile slightly in shock. She was going to use the wig as a disguise once in a while, but Jackie had just created an alter ego. Her head began to spin with ideas and she got up to shower.

Not long later Alice walked into Jackie's room, giving her a shock and leaving the door wide open.

"Today's the day. We're moving your wardrobe into my room."

Jackie remembered a passing comment about moving all her clothes, but she thought Alice was joking! Alice threw a tshirt and sneakers at her and told her to get moving...

They moved all the drawers first, piling them on the bed. Then the remaining clothes on the rails. After this Alice produced a screwdriver and began dismantling the frame. Once she was done they moved all the pieces, by which point Jackie was sweating heavily, her tshirt stuck to her body showing all her curves. Alice enjoyed the look as she put the pieces back together.

Hours later they were finished. All that was left in Jackie's room was an empty space and a Coat stand with her wig on it. Alice also said this is where she could store her collar when not needed. It was all a lot for Jackie and she felt close to tears.

Alice saw this and wasn't sure at first what buttons to push to lift her mood. Then she thought of the perfect idea.

"I saw your new profile Information. Aspen sounds a lot of fun."

Jackie ventured a smile.

"Why don't we do some role play as Aspen and she can seduce me somewhere."

Jackie looked puzzled.

"Basically, I want you to go to a coffee shop, I will pretend not to know you and you will have to get my attention..."

This sounded somewhat fun, so Jackie nodded, a little more optimistically than she felt.

Later that afternoon, Jackie, or 'Aspen' was sat in a coffee shop reading a book. Alice had allowed her to pick an outfit so she had gone with one of her favorite blouses and a denim skirt. She had on a shelf bra under it, but no panties as she was wearing a jeweled butt plug. The wig sat comfortablly on her, but the fake glasses were making it difficult to focus on the book.

Soon it didn't matter though, as Alice walked in, ordering a coffee for herself and sitting down in a booth near the front window. Jackie had elected to sit near the back thinking Alice would do the same. He now realised it was foolish to think she would make it easy.

She tried getting eye contact, but Alice didn't pay her any attention. She had to up her game...

Tentatively spreading her legs, Jackie also raised one foot onto her seat, this would open her skirt massively, giving Alice a full view of her wet pussy and the shining butt plug.

As a side effect she thought, anyone coming in the front door would also see, but she held her nerve thinking that Aspen would only enjoy that more. It took a few minutes, but Alice finally looked over and smiled winking at Jackie who also returned this gesture.

Thinking this must mean success Jackie put her leg down, but lost Alice's attention immediately.

"Shit." she said under her breath, she'd have to up her game again!

Jackie turned fully to face Alice now and removed her sandals. This made it easier to get both feet up on the chair and spread her legs even wider. This pushed the skirt up to her hips and left her totally exposed from the waist down. But she couldn't stop there. She now realised Alice wanted her to behave exactly as her new alter ego would.

Aspen began to unbutton her blouse, one by one. She didn't think the staff at the counter could see her, but she didn't care. The top had ten buttons and she was down four before the front door opened, a shocked looking businessman walked in, transfixed on what he'd just seen.

Aspen giggled looking at Alice and temporarily put her legs down, crossing them over to hide her indecency, but she didn't fix her skirt or the buttons of her blouse. Soon the businessman left with his takeaway order, glancing back at a now fully exposed girl again as he left.

Aspen had got back into position with her legs spread as he collected his order, hoping to shock him as he walked past, but he had noticed until the last second, allowing him to hide his reaction.

Moments later, Aspen's top was fully open and she pulled it to one side, playing with her nipple to harden it further and letting go to show Alice.

Within minutes Aspen has exposed both breasts while teasing Alice with glances and tasting her own pussy juices. Yet Alice hadn't moved, was it on her to move this forward?

She wrote her number on a napkin and was thinking about throwing it, before she realised it wouldn't weigh enough. This however, gave her a wicked idea, she put her thumbs in the waistband of her skit and pulled it down and off in one motion, before re-assuming her lewd position. Now able to see her own bright red pubic hair, she chuckled before loading the napkin into the pocket of her skirt.

Waiting for the barista's back to be turned, she then launched it over arm at Alice, who caught it above her head and put it on the table in front of her.

Soon Aspen had a message.

"You're an attention seeking slut aren't you."

Aspen just responded quickly. "guilty."

"What is stopping me leaving with your skirt?" was the reply.

"Nothing." Aspen respneded quickly again, then "That would be sexy."

Alice was slightly shocked by Jackie again today, but decided she would push as far as she could.

"OK, I will be back in two hours, or you can come find me in the movie theater down the block."

Apsen blushed at this, staring at her phone, then looked over at Alice, returning the wink as she left.

Now with no audience, Aspen brought her legs down from the seat and crossed them, enjoying the feeling of being bottomless in a public coffee shop, she buttoned up her top and settled in.

About twenty minutes later, two middle aged women walked in, they had a soccer mom appearance and were chatting loudly with each other. They ordered some iced coffees and sat in the window roughly where Alice had been.

This meant that one of them could see Aspen and the other couldn't. She decided to test her metal. Catching the lady's eye she slowly uncrossed her legs and recrossed them on the other side, smiling as her audience did a double take and struggled to keep her attention focused on her friend.

Aspen couldn't have that, she wanted her attention. She needed to be watched. She opened her legs fully again. This time electing to put just one foot on the seat.

Once she fully had her attention, Aspen started the show. She ran a finger through her wet folds easily and sucked in clean. God she tasted good. There was only one thing for it, she began to run a slow wide circle across her pussy with all her fingers flattened, stimulating everything at once and lewdly stretching her lips back and forth.

The lady now openly stared, barely listening to her friend. Aspen kept on for what felt like an age. Now almost hypnotised by the situation. She reached the edge and held it, now sweating through the thin blouse.

"I'm going to go Julie, I have to pick Brian up from work soon and you're not really with it today, get some rest."

The Lady's friend stood and left without further comment from either of them.

After looking round to see her friend leave, she turned back and looked at Aspen with a much more predatory look. She took out her phone and began recording. Noticing this Aspen wondered if she should stop, but soon realised even if she wanted to, she couldn't. It was just too perfect, her horny, charged up brain was loving every moment. She savoured every second.

Losing herself, Aspen continued unabashed, speeding up and slowing down when she reached the edge. Eventually the woman put her phone away. It must have been a ten minute recording of Aspen totally at the edge, in a puddle of her own juices.

Deciding not to push her luck by throwing her blouse across with a note attached, Aspen got up and headed to the bathroom. She stopped in the corridor, just in sight of the woman, to gesture for her to follow.

Getting into the bathroom, she began to panic. This wasn't some contrived scenario. This was the real world, she'd just masturbated for a stranger in public, who recorded everything!

Aspen double down on her inner confidence. "In for a penny." She said to herself and sat on the sink area in what she hoped was a sultry pose.

The lady strode into the door, not even flinching at the naked girl waiting for her. She stopped a foot from Aspen.

"Give me your phone." She demanded.

After Aspen complied, the lady stood for a moment with two phones in her hands, working on them both. Not long after, she handed Aspen's back.

"I've sent you a copy of that very revealing video." She opened with.

"You ruined my catch-up coffee with a very important lady from my community, so you're going to pay for it."

Aspen looked on stunned.

"I have six thousand friends online, all from varying backgrounds, but a lot of them are influential in the community."

"I presume you're at the local college, so I probably know most of your teachers..."

"If you don't want everyone to see this video, you will do everything I say."

Aspen nodded dumbly.

"Stand up!" she ordered.

Aspen jumped urgently from her seated position, awkwardly landing inches from the lady, who took a step back, before wrenching on the blouse, causing the buttons to explode off and clatter on the floor.

As Aspen watched one of the buttons on It's path l, rolling into a cubicle, Jackie returned.

"Holy fuck." She thought to herself. "How am I going to get out of here like this?"

"What will she make me do?"

"What have I done?"

A loud, assertive voice brought her back to the present. "What is your name?"

Catching herself before speaking, Jackie just had the capacity to tell a small lie. "Aspen."

After snapping a photo of Jackie, she tapped on her phone again for a second.

"I have saved my number in your phone, when you hear from me, I expect to get a reply. Goodbye slut."

Jackie stood staring blankly as the woman left. Unknowingly at first, her hand made It's way to her abused pussy and began slow circles. She then consciously masturbated, thinking about what might happen. She'd always had a blackmail fetish, but had always thought reading stories was the safest way to indulge it. Now she was living it, like it or not.

For a few minutes she stood openly masturbating, nearly naked and barefoot in front of the mirror. Finally she pulled herself away, thinking she should probably see if Alice was back and ask for advice or help with her new predicament.

Her ruined favorite blouse now hung from her shoulders, the only way to be somewhat decent would be to tie it up, leaving Jackie's lower half completely exposed. She tied it into what she thought looked like a slutty schoolgirl style, though her small tits didn't fill it out much.

Nervously now, Jackie tiptoed back out of the restroom. She needed to get her shoes and get out of the coffee shop, hopefully without further embarrassment!

With trepidation, Jackie stepped forward, keeping close to the counter. The Barista was facing her and there was no way to make it out of there without being seen. With confidence from somewhere within her, She walked closer and ordered a mocha, hoping to keep the Barista busy while she ran.

They smiled and turned to start the coffee machine... Jackie crumbled. She sprinted out the door, not bothering to stop for her shoes and not looking back.

She made it! She was outside and she kept going to the corner of the block of shops. Realising as she stopped that this was a whole new problem. She was bottomless in public with nowhere to hide!

Looking desperately around, she found saw an alleyway across the street and without thinking, sprinted for it across 2 lanes of traffic. After various car horns and shouts, Jackie slowed down and ducked behind a large dumpster.

With tears welling in her eyes, Jackie barely managed to message Alice where she was, before dropping her phone and breaking down, sobbing.

She sat with her head in her hands and balled her eyes out, sniveling once in a while...

Jackie was still indulging in her self-pity when Alice turned up and stood over her. "What the fuck happened to you?" She asked inquisitively.

The woman she had left in the cafe looked like she could take on the world and now she was faced with a sniveling little girl.

"I.. I... This lady video me. She's g.. going to show everyone!"

Alice paused thinking. "Did she see you without the wig, or did you give your real name?"

Jackie shook her head slowly.

"Then what the fuck are you worried about? She only knows Aspen, not the real you..."

"What did she want anyway?"

Jackie formed the words to reply slowly. "I'm n.. not sure. She didn't really say, but she took my number."

Alice thought for a moment, then remembered the first time she'd pushed Jackie out of her comfort zone. Harsh treatment had brought her back down from hysteria and they'd made faster progress because of it.

Alice also knew something Jackie didn't... Julie was her Auntie, she had been the person who Alice had gone to during her teen years for sexual advice. She had later learned that Julie had been a professional dominatrix for a number of years.

It turned out she did know a lot of people in the community, but not for the reasons Jackie would believe...

When Jackie had confessed to a blackmail fetish, Alice had consulted her on how to play it out safely without her knowledge. Julie had been all too happy to help.

"Stop feeling sorry for yourself!"

Alice raised her voice unexpectedly.

"She has a video of you as Aspen and no other context, so in the worst case she will release a video, similar to what we are going to do."

Alice thought for a moment. "But just in case she does know people at the school, you should do what she says for now."

Jackie continued to cry, she'd initially looked relieved at Alice taking control, but after being told to carry on being blackmailed, she'd broken down again...

"Oh for fuck's sake!" Alice outburst.

"Don't make out like you're a total victim. Just look at your cunt, it is practically leaking still. You're been turned on by every moment of this."

Jackie was now looking up, red faced and wide eyed.

"This isn't the first time you've broken down into tears over something I know you've enjoyed deep down, so I have a new rule."

She paused to make sure she had Jackie's full attention.

"Whenever you start crying, you will masturbate and repeat your mantra until you stop."

Jackie looked back totally stunned for a moment, then looked at the floor and meekly replied "Yes Ma'am."

New tears rolling down her cheeks, Jackie's hand made It's way down to Her damp folds and began with lazy circles of her clit. She began her Mantra, whimpering.

"I. I.. L.. love rules more than anything. They keep me focused. Alice keeps me focused by givin' me amazing rules and keep.. ing me horny. I am at my best when horny and denied."

Alice watched as Jackie went from a sniveling wreck to horny and controlled. She didn't realise it would work that well but there was the proof. She'd have to look further into what the Psychology of this was. For now, she had a more confident looking Jackie to keep occupied.

"Give me your blouse, I'll get it fixed."

Jackie hesitated before handing it over. She was now sat wearing only a shelf bra that didn't cover anything, down a small alleyway, next to a main road...

Alice didn't seem to care, she held out her hand and helped Jackie up, leading her wordlessly toward the street. Jackie's steps faltered slightly and she desperately checked the wig, but she didn't try to divert their course or pull away.

They walked slowly and calmly with people pointing, all the way to Alice's car. When they got in and Alice waited for Jackie to buckle up, then remove her bra and assume her position with one leg out the window and one on the dash. Then they set off, Jackie touching herself slowly and trying to make sense of her crazy day.
