School Streak

My girlfriend, Ng, and I went to my old school for this latest
adventure. When we got there, it was deserted since it was summer.
We were hoping there wouldn't be anyone practicing sports or something
else, so we were happy to see that the place was abandoned.

We did not want anyone to know we were at the school, so we parked a
short distance away, and then walked over to the school. My plan was
just to walk a lap around the school naked. I wanted to do the front
last since that would be the riskiest.

I was going to start at the right corner and go counter-clockwise. My
girlfriend would stay as look out and Ng and I would do the run. It
was light out, but the lack of any cars or people made it seem fine.
The school was surrounded by trees so no neighbors would be able to
see in.

At the right corner were some dumpsters that we could hide behind
while we got undressed. I got naked, but Ng was a little afraid. She
said she would start with just a t shirt and panties. I sometimes
forget she isn't that good at this stuff yet.

We started walking, but before we could even get half way to the next
corner I was nagging Ng about the shirt. She didn't want to take it
off. I told her she should, because it's no fun like that. She
looked back to see my girlfriend watching us and then at me.

She figured I was right and took it off and left it there, signaling
for my girlfriend to come get it, which she did. I now had her down
to only her panties.

We were around the first corner and were behind the school. We saw
the baseball field that was back there and I thought about going
there, but I was more concerned with Ng's panties. I tried convincing
her to take them off, since it really didn't make a difference if she
was seen in panties or seen completely naked, she still would be in
trouble.

I guess she was really nervous, because she wasn't convinced. I was
having a blast with this dare, and I could tell Ng was too when I
looked at her panties.

I decided I should try the next best way to convince her, make a deal.
I told her I would have to do whatever she asked while we made the
run. This made her stop and think. She then removed her panties and
told me to carry them.

I was about to just hold it in my hand, but she said she didn't want
me cheating with them and wanted me to put them on my head. I did so
since a deal is a deal. I felt pretty silly with those on my head.

She was afraid to continue though, now that she was fully naked, and
didn't know what to do. She decided to have some fun while waiting to
work up the courage to go around the next corner.

She told me to press my breast against the window near her. I didn't
have a problem since the place was deserted. Now she told me I had to
go run each base. I told her fine.

The baseball field was a little up hill, so I told her she had to come
up there to be able to make sure I do it. She was fine with that
since she'd be able to hide behind a bush, but she was still worried
since someone might come up from behind. I ran my bases and Ng had
enough time to work up the courage.

We rounded the corner and were heading for the front of the school.
The only thing left now was the front, which had no cover. Before we
rounded the corner Ng told me that before the deal was over, I had to
agree to another lap, but by myself. I said fine and we made a run
for it.

I was faster than Ng so I made it back first. My girlfriend was
wondering why I had Ng's panties on my head but I explained the deal
to her. Ng took them back and told me I better get going.

I wasn't ready to go yet. I had to quick make a deal with my
girlfriend. I wanted her to have a little fun so I told her while I
made the last lap she had to be nude while she waited. She agreed
finally and got naked, Ng took her clothes and agreed to be watch out.

I took running and got to the first corner plenty fast. I looked
around making sure there still were no people and went for the next
corner. I didn't bother hiding at all, except for when I was peeking
around corners.

I was now heading to the last corner. I once again checked. I was
getting really horny about this. I was naked right out side the very
school I had gone to, it was really a thrill. I couldn't wait to see
my girlfriend naked there, waiting for me.

I made one last check and ran for the dumpsters on the other side. Ng
and my girlfriend were waiting and we got dressed so we could get back
to the car. It was a real fun time for all us, maybe we should do
this again. But during a riskier time some day. 