Mixed Nude Sauna in Europe
by Racqel

My boyfriend, David and I on were on our way back to Australia flying on Swiss International. We were to switch flights at Zurich but had a few hours between flights to play with. We decided to explore the city rather than stay at the airport.

We got to the centre of Zurich. It mid Sunday afternoon and all the shops were closed. Apparently the Swiss don't do business on Sundays. We walked the streets and came across the first place that was open - a modern gym and spa facility.

A lot of young guys and girls were going in so we followed. We paid 30 Swiss Francs, were handed white towels and entered to find saunas, steam rooms, relaxation beds and spa pools and a gym.

We looked for the change rooms. I thought I was seeing things when a totally naked girl, who looked in her twenties, walked right past us to enter one of the many saunas. 

"I think this place is clothing optional." I whispered to David walking behind me.

He had this naughty grin on his face with his head still turned back towards the sauna the girl had just entered.

I was wondering how this girl seemed totally natural and comfortable walking around nude in a public place. I justified it as a difference in culture between the Europeans and the rest of the world. 

There were a number of saunas each at different temperatures. We agreed to meet up at the lowest temperature sauna and then we parted to go to the change rooms. I got a locker, undressed and packed away all my clothes, except for my panties (white cotton bikini style), which I left on. I wrapped the white towel around my boobs like a boob tube and around my waist, put the locker key green bangle on my wrist and went to meet David. 

We entered the sauna and looked for space on the bench to sit down. The sauna was filled with guys and girls that were all totally nude. I climbed up to an empty spot on the upper bench. David sat down on the lower bench. I felt a bit out of place, wrapped in my towel. David also kept his towel around him. 

It was quite surreal being there. Nobody stared at each other. They didn't see this as unusual. I wanted to look around but I didn't want to be seen as ogling or perving. I looked straight down and feasted my eyes whenever I could catch a glimpse inconspicuously. It was not a group of old men or women, but rather young 18 to 25 year olds, and mostly women. I noticed some women with large breasts, others with tiny breasts, some with big hips and others with no hips. What I thought unusual was that most had their pubic areas smooth shaven or waxed. It must be the fashion, with the prliferation of hair removal laser clinics and waxing salons.

I gave David the smile which said "I know you are enjoying perving at all the young ladies!"

After a few minutes the sauna started emptying. David and I were the only ones left, when I started to be mischievous.

"Hey David, I bet you are too shy to go nude!" I dared him.

"Oh no I am not!" he responded standing up, opening his towel and sitting back on it nude. 

I enjoyed seeing him being adventurous. 

"Stand up!" I commanded.

As he stood I grabbed his towel and I sat on it on the upper bench. I was about to be a smart ass and say something when the sauna door opened and two young girls walked in. They were speaking German and looked under 20. They were both naked. 

The blond walked in front. She had short hair, was tall and thin with tiny perky breasts and narrow hips which narrowed in on a pronounced pubic mound with sparse short light blond pubic hair, probably from a few weeks growth after wax. It looked sort of like a light fuzzy covering extending in a triangular shape from her mound and over her pussy lips. 

The red head was voluptuous, with rather big size C or D tits, which stood out from her thin frame and hung half way down her chest. She had a bubble shaped round little butt and curvy figure. Although I was focussed on her supersized breasts, I noticed that she had her pubes swaxed mooth and hairless. 

The girls sat next to each other on the lower bench right across from David. I looked over at him sitting there naked, knowing that he wished he had his towel to hide his nudity. I noticed how he took in every glance at these two teenagers. I was not the only one taking in every detail of this new experience.

He started to lean forward with his elbows resting on his knees as if hiding something. I peered over from my high retreat and noticed that he had a raging hard on that he was trying really hard to fit between his closed legs. Lucky for him the girls got up and left after only a few minutes.

"Hey David what are you hiding there?" I asked him in a cocky tone.

"Nothing," he lied.

I was getting horny in a strange sort of way. I moved down from the upper bench and I kneeled down next to him.

"Let me see for myself" I said as I put my hands on his knees and tried to separate them.

He resisted.

"Its natural to be turned on. I find this nudity pretty strange myself. I am not jealous that those girls got you hard, as long as it's me who gets to enjoy it!" I said with a laugh.

I parted his knees to face his bulging cock at eye level. It rose up from his balls, which looked big and full even under the bush of dark pubic hair that covered them. 

I straightened my towel, which was slipping down my sweaty chest and I moved in closer to him still kneeling in front of him and I cupped his balls with my right hand and slowly caressed them by twisting my fingers around his scrotum and carefully massaging his sack in circles as I firmly rested my left hand on the ground to keep me stable. 

His erect penis was red and strained to its full length. He leaned back against the wooden sauna wall as I continued to stimulate him. He tried to pull my towel off me to get access to my breasts but I didn't let him. 

He was enjoying my touches as he arched himself backwards pushing out his hips and giving me full and open access to stroke his jewels. I saw sticky spit start bubbling out of the pointy-head of his penis but I didn't stroke his 9-inch tube of raw manhood. I just continued teasing him with my caresses. 

"Well are you going to complete?" he asked me, in an irritated, urgent and very frustrated tone.

I was being cruel arousing him into a frenzied state and not seeing it through to the climax. 

I was also aroused myself, close to the stage you feel when you just rip off your clothes and just fuck regardless of anything around you. 

My pussy was moist and I ached to touch my clit and rub it or even better feel a hard cock pounding in and out of my pussy. 

The sauna door opened and in walked the redhead from before. She walked into the line of fire with my hand wrapped around his balls and his cock like a canon aimed upwards and ready to fire. She smiled and just sat down facing us on the opposite bench. I quickly moved my hand away as David tried to hide his weapon. He couldn't. It was too hard and too big to slip beneath the confines of his legs. I moved back to my perch on the upper bench. 

The redhead still smiling started to talk in broken English with a strong German accent.

"Don't be embarrassed I love to relieve myself in the sauna. The hot air always seems to gets me horny."

I just smiled from embarrassment. David was still sitting there with his head facing forward and his knees tightly pressed together to hide his hard on. I noticed him smiling in an embarrassed shy way, as if he was caught with his hands in the cookie box. 

I looked at the red head and noticed that she had light pale skin. Her nipples pointed downwards and sported long pointy erections. She was not shy sitting with her legs apart. I could not see in between them from where I was sitting but I am sure David facing her directly could. I was still wrapped in my towel, while she was in the nude. I felt overdressed and very awkward. 

The red head stood up to pour the bucket of water over the element. As she leaned I ogled her round perfect butt, with her smooth camel-toe peering through under her butt crack as she bent forward. She returned to sit on her bench.

Out of the blue she started to talk to David.

"You got a lovely cock- I have not seen a circumsized one before. All the German men like to hold on to their foreskin."

I was a bit taken back by her directness. 

"I think it's much cleaner this way," he remarked.

"I wonder if it feels different when fucking?" she asked.

She is getting a bit candid with my boyfriend I thought to myself, but my natural unassertive predisposition prevented me from stopping this undesirable interlude.

David knew what she meant but his sense of humour got the better of him.

"I wouldn't know I keep it this way all the time!"

She laughed.

"Can I touch it quickly? I want to feel the ridge where the skin is absent?" she asked

This was my boyfriend she was hitting on and I didn't know what to do to stop it. I was sure David would find some lame excuse. He could be quite rude if he wanted to be.

I was shocked at how she stood up from the bench and then kneeled down in front of him and with her right hand she reached between his legs and grasped the head of his cock between her thumb and index finger. I noticed that his cock stood at half-mast when she approached. She just held it at the tip as I watched it bulge into a healthy strong mighty erection. She continued painstakingly feeling the thick ridge of its tip. I wondered if he would come all over her fingers. 

He said nothing. He was probably in shock as I was. I had no words to say. It was like I didn't know how to speak.

"Wow. I have never seen a cock like this. It must be much nicer to suck than what I am used to."

She released her grip and went back to her bench.

David didn't cover up anymore but sat there with his cock pointing upwards. 

"I am going for a shower," he said as he stood up and grabbed his towel from my side and then started to walk out with it around his waist.

"I have had enough of the Sauna, I am going to go for a run on the treadmill in the gym and then I will come find you in say 40 minutes."

I was horny touching David's' balls before this girl intruded on us, but watching this girl touch his cock got me red hot with envy and lust. 

I wanted to shower but I noticed it was a communal shower and everyone – girls and guys just went nude together. 

I went back into the sauna and sat back on my little perch.

In came two American guys in their twenties. They didn't expect to have someone around them who could understand English. Everyone spoke German around here.

"Wow, Can you believe how these girls just go naked like this?," the one said to the other. 

I noticed that they both had long baggy swim trunks on.

In came a tall medium sized brunette with a landing strip of trimmed hair framing her pussy. 

I watched on as these guys took every opportunity to voyeur her. I even heard them talking about her. She only stayed a minute or so as she didn't like the attention. The German guys were natural and didn't comment or perv at others.

"I dare you to go nude!" the one guy dared the other.

The next thing the guys stripped off their trunks and sat with their white untanned areas showing. I was now the voyeur and I looked over at them. The one guy was hairy all over but had tight toned abs and what looked like quite a long penis. The other was much paler, with less hair. I was not in the habit of staring at guys penises but they just hung there protruding from their pubic bush and I just had to enjoy this most unusual sight. 

I could not distinguish between the heat from the sauna heater and that building inside my groin. I felt hot and feverish. I was sweating beneath the towel. As sweat beads ran down my legs and arms and my breath got shorter and deeper I was almost hallucinating when I tried to refocus and recollect myself. 

My lustful thoughts must have shown through my expression. A strange and new feeling of being watched, being lusted over, consumed my shyness, and while that thought permeated my brain, I pulled my towel off in one sweep and at first let my ample breasts now sweated over get some air. It felt good to have the towel off. I just sat topless in my cotton panties. I knew the guys were ogling me. I saw their faces turn to face my round well proportioned size B breasts. I can't lie, I was at full arousal and all my erogenous zones felt electric, like a live wire ready to ignite. My nipples went instantly hard as I felt their eyes covet my body. My inhibitions were melting away. I had to keep going. I put my hand under my butt and I pulled my panties up, over and off my legs.

I had instinctively crossed my legs, but when the moment passed and I relaxed back into my seat, I uncrossed them and I placed them next to each other. I craved being seen. I wanted to show more, to show and exhibit everything, to be lusted after sexually. I wanted to fully reveal myself with no holding back.

I took in a breath and I leaned backwards, pressed my chest outwards and opened my legs wide, knowing my pussy would be in clear vision to be voyeured. I am not sure why, but I looked down at my abdomen and saw my pussy folds parted for my engorged swollen clitoris which was steaming from the sauna air. I felt so sensual and I noticed both guys take a look. I even slightly rotated my hips upwards to give them a more heads on view. I felt so naughty, so kinky and pretty turned on.

"Look this girl is hot, maybe we will get lucky!, " the one guys said to the other not realising that I spoke the same language.

I didn't look at them but I noticed in the corner of my eye that they were transfixed on my pussy with all its glory. I had not shaved for a while so I had some growth. I was soaked to the bone from the heat and sweat was covering my legs, stomach and chest. My body was glistening on the outside and I was also wet inside my pussy. I looked down and noticed that white sticky fluid oozing out of my red inner fleshy folds. I felt treacles of my cunt juices run down my inner thigh from my pussy. My clit was swollen with excitement and I could even smell my horniness.

I knew that from the lower bench they would be able to see everything. I looked up at them and saw that they were both staring head on at me lustfully. I looked back at them and smiled. They knew I was giving them a show for their pleasure. They were leaning forward much like David did. I peered at them and I noticed that they both had erections. 

I stood up, left my towel on the bench and descended down the step and slowly walked past them totally nude. I took my time and I knew they were following my every movement, staring at my pussy and then butt as I left the sauna. I walked over to the communal shower and I showered with the guys and girls.

I didn't even notice the guys' faces. My attention was grabbed by their lower halves. Seeing naked guys with their cocks crowned with their pubic manes and their penises hanging down, naked and raw on parade, has serious impact on my hormones. Each guy looked sexier than the next and when they turned to leave the shapely round butts, some smooth some hairy, all oozed sexuality. I felt like I was like a child at the candy store. I wanted to pick up each piece of candy and feel it in between my fingers, touch, it, smell it, roll it and then taste it.

I returned back to the sauna and found the guys both pulling at their cocks wildly. I interrupted them midway, which was quite obvious from their expression.

I wanted to be fucked right then and there. I wanted David but he was not present. I was frustrated to the bone. The guys were holding their hands over their cocks as if to hide what they were doing. I slowly walked past them to return to my towel. The one guy got daring and put his hand on my butt cheek as I walked past. Normally I would have pushed him away but I enjoyed the feeling of being touched. His large hands held most of my small butt. I don't know what I was thinking but I stood still. I felt his fingers move around my ass and slide under my butt and across my inner leg almost touching my pussy. I had gone beyond the point of return as they say. 

I kneeled down and I yanked his hard cock into my hand and started to wank it up and down. His hand was caressing my butt cheeks as the other guy reached over and touched my breasts. I grabbed his cock too and I while I kneeled between these boys,I had both hands wanking them in unison.

While I was pulling up and down on both their cocks I felt 4 hands all over my body stroking my butt, touching my hard nipples and then even rubbing away furiously at my clit. I repositioned myself on my haunches, kneeling down with my legs wide apart , stretching on my toes, balancing myself with my hands pulling their cocks. While one of their hands rubbed my clit, another fingered me deep in my pussy. 

I felt the one guy start to squirt his cum. I pulled harder on the other guy's penis and he momentarily followed suite. 

I let go of the guys and they both turned their focus on me. I felt four hands all over my cunt. Fingers inside me, fingers on my clit, fingers on my breasts, even a finger up my ass. I exploded in the most amazing orgasm. My legs were all floppy. I stayed motionless for a few seconds and then I stood up. The sauna floor was covered in spots of white cum as was my chest, stomach and legs. There was so much on me I could even smell it.

I quickly left the sauna, went for a shower and then went upstairs to meet David in time to return to the airport. I never got to find out those American's names and David was never told about this little innocent interlude.

