Hina's ENF Stories
by anonenffan

Chapter 3 - Hina's New House

Hina looked out the window as the last moving truck rolled down the street. She smiled as she turned from the front room window.

The brunette had just bought herself a new house and was finishing moving in. And it was no small house. She’d gone big, with a beautiful mansion. Four floors, a basement, a backyard pool, and a big garage.

Was it more space than she needed? It seemed like it. Her furniture from her last apartment didn’t even fill the living room on the main floor. She knew she would get more furniture in time, maybe even let some of her friends take residence in some of her spare rooms. Hina’s first thought along this line was her best friend Stacy, who always seemed to have trouble keeping a job.

There would be time to think about such things later. For now, Hina wanted to organize her master bedroom and master bathroom. The movers had organized all the heavier furniture to her liking. The lighter things she wanted to do herself.

She’d chosen the top floor as her private domain, as it had a wonderful view of the neighborhood. She could see her backyard, the pool, and even a dock for a small boat near a canal that ran through the town.

As Hina ascended the stairs, she wiped a little sweat from her forehead. It was a warm, humid day, and the slight workout from going up all those flights of stairs wasn’t exactly helping her stay cool.

A shower would be in order once she got to her top floor, she decided. There was no single staircase that led all the way up, so Hina had to climb up to the next floor then wander a little until she found the next set of stairs to go further up.

“I’m gonna need to make a map for this place,” Hina said, giggling to herself. “I could get lost otherwise!”

Finally, Hina reached the top floor and wiped more sweat off her forehead. She headed down the hall towards her room. Hina had yet to bring any boxes of clothes up, and she didn’t really look forward to moving them. She was starting to regret letting those movers go.

It seemed warmer on the top floor, which made Hina feel more uncomfortable.

“Ugh… I’m gonna have to try and find the house’s air conditioner controls…” she thought to herself.

Hina was in luck, for there in the hallway she happened to see a small computer on the wall. “Oh!” she said out of curious surprise. She walked up closer to it and realized it was actually a high-tech thermostat.

She stopped to look at it closely. Being a part of her house, she was going to need to figure this out. And the sooner she could figure out the air conditioner, the better.

The thermostat had a touch screen. And as she looked at it, each floor seemed to be programmable. She poked around the options and found air conditioning. It was starting to feel like a sauna on the top floor, so she turned the AC on.

There was a sudden hum, and Hina could hear air blowing. Anticipation that her house was going to start cooling down brought a smile to her face.

That shower also sounded tempting, so Hina continued down the long hallway to the top floor bathroom.

It was luxurious: beautiful tile floors lit by pleasant lighting. It looked more like a spa than any bathroom Hina had ever been in. She smiled, looking around the room avidly. It was time to test out the shower or maybe even run a pleasant bath.

The brunette peeled the shirt off of her body, clinging as it did to her sweat-glistened skin. Its lower hem rose in snaps and flutters to bare her midriff, then her bright blue bra, and finally her shoulders, popping over her head with a heavy “fhup” sort of sound. This bared a lot of her skin, but she was safe in her own bathroom; it didn’t matter.

She glanced around and saw no laundry basket, but instead noticed a laundry chute.

Of course! Being this many floors up, she could simply drop her clothes down the chute and they would land in the basement by her washing machine! She tossed her shirt into the chute and watched it slide down the cool metal surface. It was so convenient, and it would leave her bathroom uncluttered by dirty laundry!

Next, she unbuttoned her shorts and pushed them down her smooth legs. Now the panties matching her bra were on display. Her underwear was a little moist from the warmth of the house and running up and down the stairs.

Hina had a new thought: by dropping her clothes down the chute, she was separating herself from cover in a much more significant way than ever before in her life. The finality of sending her clothes away, floors below, far beyond reach sent a slight tingle up her spine.

All that remained was her underclothing. Hina pushed the naughty thoughts out of her head as she unhooked her bra. In the past few weeks, she had a couple of instances of unintended public exposure. This first day in a new house, it still felt as if she was undressing in someone else’s home.

On unhooking her bra, it loosened and fell, letting her breasts free. Hina couldn’t help but blush as she took the bra off, revealing her hardened nipples. Her heart was racing. Was she…having fun doing this? No, that would mean she was becoming some kind of crazy exhibitionist.

Yet some part of her seemed delighted to drop that bra down the chute. Her chest rose and fell slowly as her rational mind repeated its warning that she was effectively throwing her clothes away, putting them so far beyond reach like this.

Hina wanted that bath now more than before: It should calm her excited body down some, help her relax. After all, she didn’t want to give in to any sort of lewd thoughts. At least not right now.

Hina pushed her panties down, baring her well shaved womanhood and the rest of her backside. She stepped out of the slightly moist panties and picked them up.

Now she was completely naked. But why was it such a big deal to her? It was a normal thing to be naked for a bath, yet she seemed so excited. Was it because the house was still unfamiliar to her? That she was naked in a place she wasn’t used to calling home yet?

Hina glanced at her panties in her hand and thought further. She was isolating herself from her clothing with this chute. The thought of that made her heart thump a little harder. The brunette held the chute door open with one hand, the panties in the other over its gaping maw, indecisive.

She was completely naked now. If she relaxed her hand, the panties would fall down the chute. She would have no clothes on, and she would have willingly sent them stories away. It shouldn’t matter to her, yet it did.

Finally, Hina let the panties go, watching them fall down the laundry chute, watching them brush its cool metal walls on their trip down to her new basement. She blushed, then smiled nervously.

Hina supported herself against a wall as she started to breathe deeper. She had done it. She let her clothes drop several floors below. And she was showing signs of moisture between her legs.

Time seemed to have slowed down as the reality of what she did slowly sunk in: she had stripped herself in a strange house and gotten rid of her clothes. Intellectually, she knew it was her own home, that nobody else was there, yet somehow it excited her.

Hina blushed, then walked over to the bathtub and was about to start running a bath when she realized something: she didn’t have any shampoo or body soap up here! Her bathroom accessories were all still on the ground floor. Could she really walk all the way back down there in her bared state? There was nothing to wear on this level of the house now: the clothes she had dressed in were now gone, there was no robe in the bathroom, and she hadn’t yet brought any clothing up to her master bedroom.

As she stood there in her skin, attempting to decide, she happened to glance at the towel rack and realized that something else was missing.

“Oh! I forgot to bring a towel!” Hina said, blushing and putting a hand over her mouth. There was so much that she had yet to bring to the top floor.

Easy access to clothing was four floors away, and she was at the top floor completely naked. Hina blushed, cursing herself for forgetting so many simple things.

But it wasn’t a big deal; it was her house. She’d just run down the stairs, grab a few things, and bring them back up. It wasn’t like she risked being seen, yet she couldn’t quite shake the need to cover herself.

Hina slowly opened her bathroom door and looked around the hallway. She had come into the bathroom from her right, but she also knew she needed to get used to the layout of the house. Hina hadn’t even finished the tour before buying it, so she decided to go left, wanting to explore this floor before going down.

Hina slowly crept out of the bathroom, trying to shake her fears. Who could possibly see her? She could probably be naked in her house all the time if she wanted to…

No, no, no, she wasn’t like that. At least Hina didn’t think so. That time she bought her car was fun, but after being seen naked, she never wanted to do anything like that again. The brunette had nothing to fear as she cautiously walked out of the bathroom, yet her heart pounded on…

Her explorations took her past the master bedroom. She slowed, looking inside, seeing her unclad mattress. All of the sheets and blankets were also still on the ground floor, she realized; there were none for her to take as temporary cover for her stark naked body.

“It doesn’t matter,” Hina said, trying to calm herself. “Nobody’s here…” She slowly walked further down the hallway, taking a couple of turns. The top floor seemed to loop somehow. As the naked beauty walked, she saw the same sets of doors.

“Where are those stairs?” Hina asked herself. Realizing that she was lost, she added, “Now which way did I come up from?” Her blush returned, now unshakable. This area was strange and unfamiliar to her, and she was completely naked.

Eventually Hina tried a different turn and found the top floor kitchen. It had a small oven and a refrigerator at the moment. It was likely meant for light snacking for the occupants of this floor, to let them stay near their bedrooms.

She stepped onto the cool tile in her bare feet, leaving the carpeted halls behind. Hina still had her hands covering her body, one tightly squeezing her breasts, the other covering a rather warm region.

“Nobody’s going to see me,” Hina reminded herself. No matter how many times she said that to herself, she couldn’t quite calm down. She felt as if at any moment that somebody was going to see her.

Despite this, Hina pressed on. She needed to find those stairs, and she was still on the top floor.

She re-entered the hallway, tried a different route, and finally found the stairs! Hina smiled and approached them, but paused when a heavenly gust of cool air suddenly hit her skin.

Hina looked up and saw she was standing below an air vent. It gently blew over her smooth, sweaty body. A warm blush ran over her face; here she was, completely naked, standing here cooling off…She should be moving!

She shook her head and continued on down the stairs. Each flight spanned only a single floor, leaving her now on the third, so she was back to the same problem, needing to find the next set of stairs down.

Hina continued to cover herself with her arms and hands as she crept through the unfamiliar hallways, carpet once more under her bare feet.

There were a great deal of rooms throughout the house. She practically bought this mansion on impulse and now wondered what she could use all of these rooms for. All the doors seemed to be open.

She glanced into one room, then another. Currently, they were all barren of furniture, something she’d have to change.

“This one can be…my sewing room.” Hina decided. As she passed empty room after empty room, she added to her plan, “This can be a game room… This other one can be an exercise room…”

Hina blushed, looking into this last one, the largest room on the third floor. She imagined herself working out while she was completely naked. Letting her breasts and butt bounce freely while she ran on a treadmill. Up a few floors in her own house, she could get away with all kinds of fun naked exercises.

Wait, what? Was Hina really thinking about exercising naked? That was crazy! Hina shook her head, with her face feeling even hotter. She didn’t care if it was safe; she wasn’t some sort of nudist!

Although… Feeling her heart race at the thought seemed…invigorating. There came a certain rush, one that reminded her of her feelings at the laundromat. She was certain she didn’t enjoy being isolated from clothing. She *was* certain, was she not? “Yes,” she decided aloud into the silence of the nearly empty house, but deep down, she knew she was not really sure.

Hina shook her head and pressed on, looking through the hallways. She was starting to get a feel for the house and soon found the set of stairs that went from the third floor to the second. The brunette was nearly to her goal: towels, robes, clothing, concealment! Safety.

This set of stairs also had an air conditioner vent, which made her shiver slightly as she passed apprehensively through its rushing coolness. It seemed…colder than the one a floor above. Stronger? Yes, maybe even a bit too strong. It was actually starting to feel a little too cold as she descended, but the thermostat was all the way up at the top floor. Perhaps there was another, further down?

Hina pushed on through the halls, now with a slight shiver running through her denuded body. That air conditioner wasn’t going to let up! Before, she was too hot; now her nipples were hardening in response to the cold air, and goose bumps covered her skin.

Now on the second floor, she kept her eyes on the walls. The thermostat on the top floor couldn’t be the only one in the house, could it? That would make no sense.

Hina was now holding herself more for warmth, rather than out of modesty, but some fear returned to her as she passed by a window. She gasped and dropped to her hands and knees: there were no curtains in the house yet!

This second floor window was level with the top floor of her next door neighbor’s house. There was a real possibility of being seen in her own house now!

Hina slowly peeked her head up above the window sill and saw the many windows that ran alongside her neighbor’s house. The brunette didn’t like this one bit. She stayed on her hands and knees and crawled forward. She wasn’t about to take the chance of exposing herself to her neighbors before even saying hello to them.

She thought about what she looked like as she crawled down the hall, with her rear end elevated and her breasts swaying freely. Hina raised a hand and felt between her legs, and what she felt there earned a deeper blush.

Thanks to the cooling air, her body felt warmer to the touch. Her fingers traced a little bit between the legs, and she shut her eyes.

Then they shot wide open.

“No, no, no!” Hina shook her head, unable to believe what she almost did. Her lack of access to clothes was making her quite the pervert! She couldn’t cave like this!

Hina covered herself and pressed on. She had to retrieve her things from the ground floor.

The brunette shivered as she crawled rapidly past another cold downward blast of air and knew without seeing it that she had found another AC vent above another set of stairs, ones that would take her to the ground floor.

These were much wider than staircases above and more ornate besides, leading as they did directly into the grand living room on the ground floor.

This architectural marvel’s splendor was thoroughly outshined by the radiant figure stepping bashfully down its steps, one footfall at a time, knees together, maintaining a continuous slight crouch. The bashful naked woman’s breasts jiggled and her butt bounced as she descended daintily down the cool tile steps. Hina was wholly exposed to the entire room. For a brief moment, she imagined hosting a party, all the guests seeing her arrive naked.

Hina cringed at the thought. In no way did she think that would be fun. She continued down the steps.

At the moment, the living room had some of her old furniture decorating it, along with a bunch of boxes in a room near the back door.

Thankfully, Hina had paid more attention when she first entered this room when shopping for houses. She knew the layout of the ground floor a lot better.

Hina made her way towards a room that led to the back yard, which is where the boxes currently were. The brunette held herself and made her way to the back room.

On her way down the halls, she passed by another little screen on the wall. She glanced at it and smiled. It was another thermostat! She poked her way through the menus and found that the average temperature of the house was fast approaching 50°F. Who would set it to be that cold?

Hina shut off the air conditioner and shivered. It was still very cold in her house, and she really didn’t like that. She looked out the back door and saw a thermometer that read 80°F. Outside, it was a beautiful, warm, bright sunny day.

She could see her backyard pool, with its crystal-clear water. Hina glanced at the boxes and started opening a couple of them absently, lingering thoughts of the outside world on her mind.

She set aside a change of clothes, a few soaps she liked, and a towel to take upstairs with her. But as she did this, she kept glancing outside.

Her house was still cold, and it was going to need a little time to warm back up. The outside world… Well now, that world was already warm, now wasn’t it?

It would normally sound absolutely insane to Hina to venture outside naked. However, with the cold air inside and the warm air outside, her thought process was a little clouded by the temptation. She could just go warm up briefly, then return to her bath, couldn’t she?

Hina reached out towards the door knob and slowly opened it, feeling the warm rush of air kiss her naked skin. It felt wonderful in contrast to the cold, and she was about to step outside, but then the besieged rational part of her brain yelled, ‘Stop!’

The brunette shook her head, realizing that she was about to go outside naked without needing to. She had been without clothes far too long. But still, that warm air felt nice…

Hina looked towards her boxes, then back towards her backyard pool. She didn’t want to dig through her things to find a swimsuit. Still, she wanted to go outside, just for a little bit.

Rather than taking all the time to get dressed, Hina wrapped herself in her bath towel, relieved now to be once again secure under a layer of fabric. She took a deep breath, and with her face blushing bright, she stepped through the doorway.

The warm air embraced her, instantly relaxing the bashful brunette as she stepped out of that icy mansion. Hina could hear birds chirping, the wind blowing, and even a distant lawn mower running. She was pretty much naked outside, in broad daylight. A stark contrast from her night at the laundromat.

Hina cautiously stepped out onto her wooden back deck, its sun-warmed planks most welcome to the barefoot woman. The pleasant sensation shot from her toes to her brain.

A glance at the perfectly flat pool ahead of her tempted Hina to take a swim. And without realizing it, she began to stride towards her pool, wearing only a bath towel.

Each step brought her further and further from the safety of her house. At this point, if any of her neighbors happened to be out, they would see their new towel-clad neighbor about to take a swim.

But Hina didn’t really plan on swimming. Instead…she was testing her limits. How far could she willingly push herself? There were thoughts about having a personal exercise room where she could safely be naked, but outside was another story.

Of course, she wasn’t really naked: there was a towel keeping her covered. She hadn’t truly been naked outside in her new back yard yet.

Hina bit her lip and looked around. She couldn’t see or hear her neighbors, but that didn’t mean they weren’t around. The brunette started to adjust her breasts under the towel, loosening its tightness over her breasts, dropping it slightly, producing a bit of cleavage. Dissatisfied, she squirmed and fiddled a bit more, and now there was a lot of cleavage. The spot where she’d rolled the towel to fasten it with friction was much narrower now, needing to extend over a much larger diameter. And had it unrolled by a step as well, or was that just her imagination? Could it pop loose at any second?

Then Hina looked past this at the towel’s hemline. Why was she doing this? Why was she setting herself up to be exposed outside? She didn’t know. She couldn’t answer that question. What she did know was that she was slowly lifting the bottom of her towel, briefly revealing her hidden region to the pool’s surface before letting the towel fall again.

Hina blushed and put a hand over her mouth; she’d just flashed the pool! And it was invigorating. It was warm between her legs, Hina could tell when she placed a hand over that region through the towel.

She approached the pool and looked at her reflection in the water; she could see up her towel! It reminded her that she was nearly naked outside. If that towel came loose, there wouldn’t be a thread on her.

The brunette glanced around one more time, then took a deep breath. This was…fun to her. She wasn’t sure why, but she wanted to see that towel come apart. And it was then that Hina decided to make that happen.

She shook her body from left to right, making her breasts jiggle. It only took two good shakes before the towel came loose. Hina felt the fabric brush against her skin as it crumpled into a pile around her ankles.

Hina gasped and blushed, and on instinct, covered herself. She was entirely naked outside now, a long sprint from safety. Her blushing face hinted at a smile as she looked at her reflection again. Hina allowed her hands to fall away, completely uncovering everything. The brown nipples on her soft breasts had hardened, and down below she was so moist she could see it in the pool’s reflection.

She began to think about how suddenly she lost her towel. The fact that she chose to do this, like before when she let her panties drop down the laundry chute.

The brunette began to wonder what she could do next, when suddenly, she heard voices!

“I think the new neighbor’s home! I’m gonna greet her!” said a female voice.

Hina’s eyes widened. Somebody was coming, and they were looking for her! Without thinking clearly, Hina turned to her pool, and in all of her naked glory, she jumped in with a loud splash. The cool water felt nice on her body, but she didn’t have time to enjoy it when she resurfaced. Hina instead turned and saw a neighbor walking up towards her fence.

The brunette gulped. She was in danger of being seen now. Hina shook her head and tried to hide her blush. It was an in-ground pool, but it was well back from the fence, so as long as she stayed near the pool wall, she should be able to hide her nudity…As long as the neighbor to the other side didn’t want to visit at the same time!

“Hello there!” said a woman approaching the fence. “Welcome to the neighborhood! My name is Maria!” she added as she waved at Hina.

“H-hi!” Hina said, forcing a smile to her face. “My n-name’s Hina,” she said. Her neighbor seemed friendly at first glance. This was just…a less than ideal way to meet her.

“I think you’re gonna like this town. It’s a great neighborhood, and we get great weather in this region,” Maria explained. “Are you living in that house all by yourself?” she asked.

Aware that she was still quite naked, Hina wasn’t really prepared to answer a lot of questions. It was difficult to keep her body submerged while keeping her head high enough above water to avoid looking odd.

“Well, um… Err… For right now, yeah. But I plan on having friends over often,” Hina said with a smile on her face.

“Well, that sounds nice! Tell ya what, I’ll organize a little party to welcome you to the neighborhood, so you’ll get to know everyone!” Maria said with a smile. “I watched that house get built over the last few years. It looks like it would be wonderful for a party!”

“Y-yeah, it would be, wouldn’t it?” Hina said, still treading water while she silently pled for the woman to go away. She could only use her legs for this, needing one arm to cover her breasts, the other to keep over her warm nether region.

“Must be a real maze though. Don’t get lost now!” Maria laughed playfully.

“Y-yeah it is. I almost did get lost earlier today!” Hina’s blush wasn’t yielding. This woman was going to figure out something was wrong. She’d be exposed, be branded an exhibitionist. Everything was going to go horribly wrong.

“Well, it looks like you’re trying to cool off. I’ll drop by later and bring you a little welcome present!” Maria said. “See ya!” she said, turning and walking towards her back door.

“S-see ya,” Hina managed to say. The brunette watched carefully as Maria left and went back to her house. Finally the brunette was alone again. She sighed with relief and used her legs to spin in place, to look around; she was alone again.

It was enough excitement for one day. Now it was time to get on with her day.

Hina cautiously climbed out of the pool and picked up her towel. She quickly wrapped it around herself and held it tightly. Then she made her way towards her back door, opened it, and went inside.

The house was noticeably warmer now that the air conditioner was shut off. In fact, the temperature was just right now. Hina pushed through the back room, and the towel-clad girl made her way up the stairs. She was a little more familiar with the path back to her bed and bathrooms now, so she wasted little time in her climb.

As Hina made her way up, her thoughts fluttered around what had happened to her, from dropping her clothes down the laundry chute to looking up her own towel. These thoughts were naughty, and they left a feeling of desire inside. She didn’t want to think of herself as some crazy exhibitionist. And yet…it was somewhat fun.

Finally, Hina made it to the top floor, then into her bathroom. It was finally time to take that bath.

The towel she currently had on was heavy with pool water, so she dropped it down the chute and turned her attention to the bath tub. After adjusting the knobs, she began to run a pleasant, warm bath.

Hina shuddered as she climbed into it. She laid down, kept her head above water, and sighed happily. The warm soak eased her muscles and took her mind off the day. Or rather, most of it.

Her hands were wandering over her body under the bath water. The brunette smiled through her usual embarrassment. Answering her urges was now an appropriate activity.

First, Hina closed her eyes and let her hands cup her breasts, gently massaging them. Her fingers passed and bumped over her nipples, giving little shocks to her system. Hina gave them a light squeeze and arched her back a little. The rest of the world outside her little sanctuary had no meaning to her anymore.

As she did this, her mind wandered to other things she could have done. Things she would normally call insane. She had nothing to fear here in her innermost sanctuary.

Her hands left her breasts and slid lower down her body to her pelvic region. The fingers danced over her most sensitive area before they began rubbing more firmly. Hina bit her lip; she was hitting the spot. Soon her hands divided their efforts, one massaging her breasts while the other stayed busy between her legs.

The brunette’s breathing picked up, her chest rising and falling faster as she pressed against herself more and more firmly.

“Oooohh…” Hina moaned as she continued to think about everything she had done. Things she had chosen to do. They seemed bad…but they were amplifying these wonderful feelings. Doing more things like that sounded like fun, rather than insanity.

Hina gave a loud gasp and bucked her hips underwater. Her body stiffened and a warm feeling surged through her. She felt more alive than ever before as she did this.

Once her strength returned, her muscles relaxed, and she released herself. She stayed in the warm tub, shutting her eyes to enjoy the bath a little longer.

She began to nod off. Not that she minded. She was on her top floor, fully enjoying herself, a towel and quick change of clothes near…

Hina’s eyes shot open. She had forgotten to bring her change of clothes up! And she let her towel go down the laundry chute!

Hina cursed under her breath. “Great, I’m going to have to go all the way back down. I guess it’s no big de…”

Ding-Dong! 