My Wife's Branding
by Linemstr814

Wife gets 'branded' as part of club initiation.

she allows herself to be bound tightly to the whipping post by her Master for her part of the entertainment tonight! she trusts her Master implicitly and wants to do anything to please him and his gathered guests. They are in the dungeon in the basement of their home. It is their first host meeting with the club, because they are the newest members. It is customary that the newest couple demonstrate their particular brand of BDSM games to the group during their first meeting. It is meant to be a 'no holds barred' demonstration in which the sub wife is tied in a very exposed position, meant to inflict maximum embarrassment and humiliation on the sub. Because the group is new to the newly admitted couple, even the most experienced subs usually realize the intended embarrassment between their helpless exposure, and what their Master had chosen to do, and have done, to the submissive wife that night. The wives have all been here before in the role of the newly admitted submissive, but there is the air of something different in the air tonight...an air of expectation.

She is covered from neck to ankles by a single shift dress which opens in front and is held closed by a single sash. It is suspended by a halter top tied around her neck. she is gagged. her hands are bound far above her head to a hook embedded in the 12"-diameter post, arching her chest. she can stand flat-footed, but just barely. she is bound with her back to the post, which she realizes is a bit unusual, but he has used the same position, or one similar to it, to whip her front before, not that she particularly liked it!!

Then the rest of her bindings...one above her breasts, one below her breasts, one around her waist, one in her left groin, just above her left knee, her left ankle...why only her left leg?? The ropes go under the dress through the front slit.

The club Master Dom says nothing, but merely waves his hand, and everyone, including the sub's Master, steps back as the Master Dom draws near the tied sub with a pair of scissors. She knows what is coming next! Deliberately, the halter top is undone and the twin strips of cloth covering her well-proportioned breasts is pulled from under the ropes securing her to the post. Then the sash is gone, both halves of the dress are opened and pulled through her back and under the remaining ropes, cut off where needed, and leaving the sub stark naked for the group!

The group notes that her right leg is left free, and she begins to realize that this is indeed different...what can He be planning??? Then, abruptly, her right leg is lifted and stretched high above her head and attached with a chain to the same hook as her wrists. Suddenly, she now knows the embarrassment and humiliation intended for her! The assembly of eagerly waiting guests is staring at her totally shameless nudity, breasts flattened against her slightly arched back, her sex widely splayed open for them all!!...what can He have in mind tonight...???

Then He brings it out in view of the guests and his sub...a brazier of hot coals, and a branding iron embedded in the coals!!! she begins to shake her head, and mew into the gag! Smiles cross the faces of the assembled Doms, and gasps escape from the mouths of the few subs who are not gagged, and they all cringe a bit, knowing any of them could be about to receive the same treatment.

He tells her it is His pleasure that she be branded with his mark to signify she is his totally, completely!! she is to be branded on her left inner thigh where is will be invisible to all but Him and those whom He chooses!! It will hurt! He will not lie to her! Suddenly, she is blindfolded! He tells her it will make it easier to bear if she cannot see it happening. He calls for silence from the audience as he brings out an identical iron embedded in ice cubes.

The Master Dom waves his hand again. The crowd all moves close, and suddenly, there are hands everywhere on the tied sub's body. Not one square inch is untouched. Breasts are kneaded, face and neck and body are traced with fingers, she is tickled groped, her sex invaded, her clit wantonly stimulated nearly to orgasm several times, and even her anus is tickled and invaded by fingers. She is not fucked by cocks, and not allowed orgasmic release, but the sexual fingering continues as well as the stroking and kneading of her breasts and nipples! She is grateful for the stimulation. She hopes that the near-orgasms, frustrating as they are, will serve as a distraction from the pain she will feel from the branding iron!!

He grabs the hot iron and brings it closer to her bald crotch so she can feel the heat, then closer, then closer...her unintelligible sounds through the gag rise to a fever pitch, and her struggles increase as well, all to no avail, as she well knows. But she feels that if she is to be branded, her useless struggles will make her feel the full effect of her position of helplessness, and will make a much more enjoyable show for the guests.

As the hot iron nears her groin, and just as the heat becomes almost unbearable, he suddenly switches irons, picks up a handful of ice cubes, and rapidly embeds the-ice cold iron into the flesh of her inner thigh and presses the handful of ice cubes against her clit, holding them both in place...not letting go!! The result is electrifying!

For an instant, she feels the burning fire of a red-hot branding iron on two of her most sensitive places, and must endure it!! she jerks on her bonds as though she were hanging by her neck! she screams into the gag, but all that escapes is meaningless mewing!

Then, without warning, the unexpected fire felt on her clit causes the shattering orgasm she has needed so badly!! As the orgasm overwhelms her, she realizes her clit is cold and not being burned, and that the branding iron, also, is cold, and not hot! She has not been burned at all! She slumps in her bonds, exhausted.

she is released and the gag and blindfold removed. She is comforted by all in the group, but especially by her Master.

"You did well, little one...far better than I believe I would have if the situation were reversed!"

She smiled at him, happy that he is happy with her, and silently wonders what He will cook up for their exhibition BDSM demonstration!
