Hayley's Third Photoshoot 
by Englishanon

Hayley takes things further on her third photoshoot.
This story is another slow-build, focusing on details but gradually building. After the first two photoshoots, Hayley is asked to do another, but this time, with another model.

      After her second photoshoot with Pete, Hayley had completely changed her long-standing opinions on nude models. For so long, she had thought of any girl that was prepared to get naked for someone to photograph was nothing more than a bimbo who had no respect for her body. However, now she could see the fascination, and had felt the rush for herself.
      Luckily for her, Dan was not just supportive of her new hobby, but was actively encouraging her to do more sets with Pete. Following her admission to him that in the second shoot she had done as he hoped and posed completely nude, letting Pete take full frontal pictures, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. Not jealous, that another someone had seen her completely naked, but turned on by the thought of it.
      He imagined how Pete must have felt, seeing Hayley in all her glory that first time, knowing that even though it was part and parcel of his past-time, he was still a male in his early twenties, and it must have been hot for him, even if he would never admit it out loud.
      The spark had rapidly returned between them following Hayley’s second shoot, and neither of them wanted to stop and run the risk of it fizzling out again. Plus, Hayley had enjoyed herself that much, she wanted to do more, and Dan couldn’t wait to arrange them, even though he hadn’t seen the photographs from the first two sets yet.
      Over the next couple of weeks, Hayley did another five shoots with Pete, almost every time with little dares from Dan. She had described the room to Dan, giving him a good mental image of how it was, so just before she left for shoot number three, his request was that she do roughly ten pictures next to the window with the blinds open, and be at least topless for them.
      Despite Hayley’s initial reservation about potentially exposing her small boobs to a stranger walking by, or even worse, someone she knew walking past and seeing her, she saw his challenge through, and another intense sexual liaison followed her confirmation she had done what he dared her to.
      Hayley had done pictures in several other rooms of Pete’s house, including the back bedroom. This was nothing more than a large, almost empty space except for a couple of boxes in one corner, and she had posed in lingerie against the walls. Whilst this may have sounded bland at first, compared to some of her other shoots, the thrill for her was that behind his house, there was a large grassy area where people would regularly walk dogs, and Pete had not got around to putting up curtains or blinds, since he didn’t use the room.
      As she left for photoshoot seven, Dan gave her his latest challenge – to do a nude shoot in the back bedroom, including at least ten pictures of her at the window, looking out over a field. He knew Hayley would do this now, since she had become a lot more confident in her herself with each shoot she did, so he decided to add a little more.
      “Not only are you not to cover up any part of yourself, but if you see someone walking their dog, I want you to stay there until the challenge is done,” He said, grinning cheekily as he gave the challenge. “And if they see you, they see you!”
      “Oh wow! Just when I thought I knew how kinky you are, you go even further. Ok, I’ll see what I can do…” She replied, instantly feeling herself getting hot at what he had asked, before mentally preparing herself to fulfil his request.
      Photographing girls in the nude had recently become even more regular for Pete thanks to Dan, who had recommended him to four different female friends of his from the pub, knowing that none of them would likely pass up a chance to model for him. His logic had been that they were forever posting pictures of themselves and selfies on Facebook and Instagram, so having a semi-professional photoshoot was bound to appeal to them. Besides, ‘what girl doesn’t like having their picture taken?’
      Each one of them had jumped at the chance, and whilst two of them had done shoots in nice clothes, but shown no interest in revealing anything more in future shoots and lost interest, Sarah and Nicky had both returned several times, Both girls had taken the same route, firstly shooting fully clothed in a nice dress or similar, then doing an underwear or swimwear shoot, before progressing to topless, and finally, nude.
      Pete was certainly not complaining. He now had a regular rotation of five girls willing to pose nude for him at any given moment. He was trying to ensure he shot them evenly, although because of how far Hayley had come in such a short time, and how she was always open to trying new things and ideas, he looked on her as his favourite. Due to this, he was giving her preferential treatment for when she wanted to do a photoshoot wherever possible, but it didn’t stop him from thinking about how he would like to do a shoot with more than one person.
      Driving over to Pete’s house, Hayley could think of little else except for Dan’s challenge. She had realised by the end of shoot number two that she had awoken a hidden exhibitionist side of herself that she didn’t know existed. With every shoot thereafter, the tease and eventual reveal to Pete as he took the pictures served to really get her going, as well as leading to incredible sex when she recounted the events to Dan at home.
      It was just that this request was different. Before, she was revealing herself to a photographer. Someone who saw and photographed young women nude on a fairly regular occurrence, but this time, he wanted her to let a random person see her. The thought of it both terrified, and to her own surprise, aroused her. When she arrived at his house, she was still undecided whether she would go through with it, but after a few minutes in front of the camera, the urge was too much, so she told Pete about Dan’s request, and wanted to do it.
      When she got home after the shoot, Dan was eager to hear about how the shoot went. Hayley was, like always, highly excited as she told him about the various sets she had done, and how she had essentially been naked from the first set onwards, changing only her stockings occasionally, and knowing that the suspense was building up inside him.
      “And how about my little challenge? Did you go through with it?” He asked, no longer able to contain himself.
      “Hmm, did I pose naked in the room with no curtains? Or did anyone see me…?” she pondered out loud, dragging out the tease for a little longer.
      “Both,” She said, answering her questions and his at the same time. “I did the shoot in the room, and I know several people saw me, because I could see them on the field. At first, it was only one guy. A chavvy looking lad walking a pitbull, and he just stood there watching as I pretended not to have noticed him. I saw him quickly make a phone call, so decided to wait to go by the window, thinking he would leave, but a few minutes later, two other lads joined him. They were all looking directly at me, not even trying to hide it, so I started moving over towards the window.”
      Dan was rock hard as he sat listening to Hayley tell him about how she had exposed herself to three strangers, and when she said Pete had told her he had a picture of her from behind with her arms on the window above her head, and the three of them in the background, he couldn’t take any more, resulting in another lengthy session of carnal passion and lust.
      By the time they were finished, it was almost midnight, but Hayley went for a shower, not wanting to go to sleep and have Dan’s cum dribble out of her in the night. When she returned, Dan told her he had asked Pete to send him the picture she described, and upon receiving it, told how much he loved it, and her.
      “You didn’t give me a chance to tell you the last part earlier,” Hayley said. “He has asked if I would like to do an ‘erotic’ shoot with Carly. I said I wasn’t sure, and would see what you thought about it.”
      This revelation caught Dan completely off-guard, but after a couple of seconds of thinking about it, he told Hayley he would love for her to do it.
      “He said he had told her he wanted to do more erotic stuff, possibly with another person, and I was his first thought when she said she would be up for it, but he wasn’t sure if I would or not, because of you and me,” Hayley explained. “When I asked what it would involve, he said he was thinking, kissing, some touching, and it would be up to us if we went further.”
      Dan wasn’t even debating if he was happy for her to do this. He wanted her to, and the thought of her being photographed in such a way was turning him on way more than he was earlier. Telling her this, he knew that she also wanted to do the shoot, but would have refused if he was not happy at the idea, simply because she loved him more than the idea of being photographed being intimate with another girl.
      After a short discussion, they unanimously agreed to Hayley doing the shoot, and Dan said he would text Pete the following day to confirm it. Hayley was asleep within minutes of finishing their conversation, but Dan struggled to get any at all. Instead, he ended up spending most of the night with a raging erection whilst he remembered her telling him about the three lads watching her through the window, and imagining her when she did the shoot with Carly.
      The following day, he texted Pete, asking if would be able to meet him for a quick drink that afternoon when Dan finished work, and they did so at the pub Dan played pool for. As they sat down to talk, away from other people so that they wouldn’t be overheard, Pete admitted he was worried Dan was going to attack him because of his suggestion, which raised a laugh from Dan.
      “Not at all, mate!” He chuckled, almost spitting his drink out at Pete’s admission. “I’ve seen the pictures you’ve sent over of Hayley, and they are amazing. I absolutely love them, and they are so hot. I can’t wait for her to do the set.  No, the only reason I wanted to talk to you is to get a better idea of what you want to get from them. I want to know what you’re looking for.”
      “Well, honestly, it was the second shoot I did with Hayley that really turned me towards erotic photography. I don’t mean porn. Any idiot can film or photograph two girls, three girls, a guy and a girl fucking, whatever. I am more thinking about the intimate little things that they overlook. I see photography as an art. I love all aspects of it, the different angles and lighting. I don’t know if I’m any good at it or not, and I don’t really care if most other people think I’m shit. Every shoot presents a blank canvas in my eyes, and I want to fill it with my best work. If you said to me you don’t want Hayley to do it, I completely understand and respect that, because you guys are in a relationship,” Pete explained.
      “Mate, I’m completely fine with it. I’ve said I have no doubt that you would get amazing pictures, and I’m more than happy for her to do it. I just wanted you to know that as far as I’m concerned, nothing is off-limits. Hayley tells me every time she does shoot that you were telling her what to do more and more, and that every time you did, the picture was incredible, so I want to tell you, face-to-face, I want you to do the same again. By all means, encourage them to kiss. Encourage them to play with each other, touch each other, lick each other. I don’t care if Hayley shows me a picture of her with her tongue deep between Carly’s legs, or vice-versa, because I know it will be an amazing picture. And between you and me, it gets me really horny when she tells me about what she’s done at the shoot,” Dan told him.
      After Dan had finished, Pete was already beginning to think ahead to the shoot, imagining capturing the picture Dan had mentioned of her tongue between Carly’s legs, or Carly’s tongue between Hayley’s, and setting a reminder on his phone to text Carly as soon as he got home.
      As the two sat chatting, discussing various ideas of what both would like to see, Matty, a friend of Dan’s walked over and asked if he could join them while he waited for a friend to arrive. Neither minded, and as he sat down, he asked what they were talking about. Pete didn’t know what to say, since he didn’t think it was his place to reveal that they were discussing Dan’s girlfriend doing an erotic, lesbian-style photoshoot. Dan, on the other hand, had no such reservations.
      “We were just going over ideas for Hayley’s next nude photoshoot with Pete.” He said, matter-of-factly.
      “What? You mean, your missus, Hayley? You let someone take nude pictures of her?” Matty asked, disbelieving at what he had just heard.
      “Not just any someone, only Pete here. And yeah, why not? He’s an amazing photographer, and she looks incredible in every picture, so why wouldn’t I encourage her to do it?” Dan replied. “In fact, we were just discussing the next shoot, which will include someone else as well,” He said, purposefully playing on Matty’s disbelief.
      “No way, man. No way in hell you let him take naked pictures of your missus. I call bullshit!” Matty responded.
      “Keep your voice down!” Dan told him, not wanting everyone else to overhear their conversation, and pulled out his phone.
      After unlocking it, he pressed the email app, and opened the one Pete had sent him the night before, showing Hayley naked from the back at the window, with the three lads in the background. Matty couldn’t believe his eyes as he looked at the image on Dan’s phone, completely gobsmacked at the fact not only was she naked for another person to photograph, but was also exposing herself to three lads outside.
      “I think that proves I wasn’t lying,” Dan said, putting the mobile back in his pocket.
      “Wait, you said next time she was doing a shoot with someone else. Guy or girl?” Matty asked, eager to hear as much about it as he could now he knew Dan was telling the truth.
      “A girl,” Dan responded. “And don’t ask, because we won’t tell you who.”
      “Fair play to ya, getting your girl to do a naked photoshoot with another girl. That’d be so hot! If you ever decide to let her do one with another guy, give me a shout. I’d be well up for that!” Matty said, making no attempt to hide the fact that he wasn’t even remotely joking in his offer.
      “Thanks, but it isn’t porn.” Pete stepped in. “Its erotic photography. I’m not photographing two people just fucking, that’s all over the internet. I want to take artful pictures of the real intimate moments between two people, like a massage, or a tender lick, or kiss. I want to photograph a series of electric moments, not just a girl giving a blowjob and then getting fucked for cheap titillation. Besides, what makes you think I’d want to shoot you in the first place? And don’t say, ‘I’ve got a big dick,’ because one, most guys say that, and it’s not actually the case, and two, that doesn’t mean you’d be able to get it up for the type of shoot I’d look to do anyway.”
      Pete’s scathing response almost completely shut Matty down, temporarily leaving him speechless, but after a few seconds, he decided to fight his corner, somehow managing to remain quiet as he calmly responded to Pete’s scolding.
      “Ok, one, I do have a big dick. It ain’t, like, freak-show big, but probably around about eight inches, and pretty thick. And two, I tell you what, I’ll make you a deal. I’ll do a photoshoot with you, whatever you want. Nude, getting hard, whatever, just no gay stuff. Nothing is going in my mouth or ass, and in return, you use me for any guy/girl shoot that comes up. I get first choice, how’s that?”
      Dan couldn’t help but chuckle at the turn of events that had transpired before him. The conversation had quickly turned from discussing what he and Pete would like Hayley to do in her shoot with Carly, to Pete agreeing to do a test photoshoot of Matty, almost like an audition to see if he would be put forward for a boy/girl set with any of the female models that Pete now regularly shot, should any of them agree to do that type of shoot.
      Dan left them talking, as he finished his drink and went home. Later that evening, he received a text off Pete, saying that the only time Carly would be free was Saturday afternoon, from around two o’clock onwards. He double-checked that this was with fine with Hayley, and replied back to confirm it.
      The rest of the week flew past, and almost without them realising, Dan and Hayley were now waking up on the Saturday morning, both eagerly anticipating the afternoon in their own way. Dan was trying not to make it into too big of a deal, but Hayley was once again getting more and more worked up at the thought of what lay ahead. After a lie-in and late breakfast, they lay around watching crap on the tv until almost eleven o’clock, when Hayley decided to go for a shower.
      “Do you think I should shave off my landing strip babe? I’m not sure if I should keep it or not,” She asked Dan, much to his amusement.
      He knew, because Pete had told him, that she was the only girl he shot to have one, and he thought it looked great in her pictures, as well as being a differentiating feature between them. Thinking about this, he told her not to get rid of it, saying that if it was that much of an issue, he was sure Pete would have razor and shaving gel or cream that she could use at his house
      She took the best part of an hour in the shower, shaving her underarms and legs carefully to prevent any nicks or cuts, and then going over her pubic area three times, firstly how she would normally do it for ‘everyday’, essentially quickly but with a chance that she may have missed a spot here or there.
      The second time, she was a lot more careful and precise, taking her time to go with the grain and do a ‘proper job’. Finally, the third time, she really paid attention, whilst going against the grain, making sure she got every last hair that was to be removed, and leaving her as smooth and hair-free as possible, except for the small line that she kept.
      Once she was out of the shower, she made sure not to rush as she applied cream all over her body, carefully did her make-up, straightened her hair, and picked out what to wear for the shoot. Dan and Pete had been talking via text most of the week, and the idea was for the girls to start off in lingerie, before undressing and taking things further.
      After telling Dan that she wasn’t sure what to expect or what Pete was planning, he told her about their conversation, again making her both nervous, but also excited, simultaneously. After confirming that he was still ok with her doing it, Hayley began to look forward to the shoot, and as she was about to leave the house, Dan wanted one final, quick word with her.
      “Look, if you don’t want to do this, don’t feel like you have to, just for my sake. Yes, I want you to. I want to see so many incredible pictures of you and Carly together, but this is not about what I want, it’s about what you want. If you do it, know I am behind you completely. Don’t worry about what I will think if your head is between her legs and you want to lick her pussy, or if he asks her to lick yours. I will love it, I promise you, so just enjoy yourself, and do what you want, ok?”
      Hearing that, Hayley gave him a huge hug and prolonged kiss, knowing that he meant every word, and that inside, he was hoping that the next time he saw her, she would have made love to another girl. She picked up the small bag containing a few items such as different underwear and shoes, grabbed her handbag, which had her make-up and everything else in, and drove to Pete’s house. After taking a deep breath, she exited her car and walked to the door, again not needing to knock as Pete was there to open it before she reached it.
      “Hi, Hayley. Come on in. You look great!” He said, immediately settling any nerves she had as she walked inside. “Carly isn’t here yet, but you’re early. Let me get you a drink.”
      He returned a few moments later with a can of Coke, knowing that she liked it, and as he passed it to her, he saw Carly walking down his path, so went to open the door and let her in. Carly was also wearing a light dress, similar to Hayley’s, as Pete had requested as it would not leave impressions on their skin, and after fetching Carly a drink, sat down to discuss his idea for the set.
      The two girls vaguely knew each other, but were not what they would class as friends. Not that there was any animosity between them, as that wasn’t the case, it was just that they had never really had much to do with each other, as they had different friend circles.
      In terms of looks, both were similar in terms of height and body size, and both were also incredibly attractive in their respective styles. Hayley was more ‘girly’, having highlighted blonde hair, fake nails, a lighter make-up palette, and more dainty jewellery. Carly was also stunningly pretty, but the opposite of Hayley. She had almost black hair, and favoured a generally darker shade of make-up. Despite this, Pete thought that they both looked absolutely stunning, and could hardly wait to get started.
      “Ok, so, firstly, let me say a massive thank you to both of you for agreeing to do this shoot. Obviously it is a fantasy, not just for me, but any straight man on the planet, to watch an erotic display between two girls as stunning as you two. I am looking forward to watching it happen, and hopefully, I’ll be able to get the pictures to do it justice, so thank you for trusting me with that responsibility as well. As both of you have done multiple shoots with me before, you know I always record the shoot on video. Now, I know I’ve spoken to you directly Carly, and Hayley, I believe Dan has told you what I was thinking. You girls start off in some sexy lingerie, before stripping out of it and going from there. So, shall we get started?” He said, standing up to lead them up the stairs.
      He offered the girls separate rooms to change in if they wanted, laughing as he told Hayley that he had put a big sheet across the window in the back bedroom, which they chose to do. Despite what they would soon be most likely doing, both were a little shy to start with, so decided that their own space would be better initially, and Hayley offered to take the back room.
      Pete had re-arranged the main bedroom slightly for the shoot, focussing the various light stands, as well as multiple camera tripods, towards the bed. Despite the fact that the bed was obviously going to be the main focal point, he had somehow done it in a way that meant it wouldn’t feel intrusive to the girls when they were ‘in the spotlight’.
      Carly was the first to enter, dressed in a sexy black lace bra and thong that was semi see-through, finished off with black high heels. Her tanned, flat stomach housing a simple, dangly jewelled navel piercing. She looked sensational as she stood waiting for Hayley, who appeared shortly after.
      Hayley was also wearing black lingerie, but a new set that she had purchased specifically for this occasion. The bra wasn’t the usual ultra-padded, push up type that she normally brought, since, in her mind, she thought, ‘what’s the point, my tits will be seen not long after, and I’ll look silly.’ Instead, she decided to go for a similar lace pattern to what Carly was chosen, but had paired it with a partly more see-through thong, although it did have more of a pattern on the front, obscuring visibility slightly.
      Both girls were nervous initially, and after looking over each other, began complimenting each other on various aspects of their looks. Carly said she was jealous of Hayley’s tiny bum, and Hayley saying how much she loved Carly’s eyes. Despite not saying it, Hayley couldn’t help but feel extremely jealous of Carly’s boobs. Whilst the two girls were similar in height and body size, Carly clearly possessed a larger bust than her.
      After a few seconds of awkwardness, Pete suggested that to start he would take a few pictures of them together, giving them chance to get comfortable with each other, and being back in front of the camera. It wasn’t long before they were playfully posing, doing things like grabbing each-others bum, or jiggling their boobs about for his benefit as he pressed the button and his camera made the familiar beep.
      Pretty quickly, both girls began to relax into the shoot, and his first serious shot was one of them standing close to each other, their faces roughly an inch apart as if leaning in for a kiss. The followed this up by moving closer and repeating the shot, except this time, the gap was to roughly half an inch, before following through and locking lips for the first time.
      Pete was continually moving and shooting as they slowly and passionately embraced, constantly searching for the best angle he could find, before suggesting Hayley remove Carly’s bra. As Hayley reached around Carly’s back, Pete came up with another idea, and had Carly turn her back to Hayley and tilt her head back, before suggesting Hayley kiss her neck from behind as she undid the clasp.
      The pictures he caught as they did this were exactly what he hoped for, thanks to how the two appeared so close in the image. Within seconds, Carly was allowing the bra to slide down her arms and off, onto the floor, leaving her bare 32C boobs on show to Pete’s camera. Once it was off, Carly was using her right hand to reach back, using it to almost pull Hayley’s head into her, indicating that the neck kissing was highly pleasurable.
      As Pete’s camera continued to beep, he didn’t need to say anything as the girls kept going, Hayley reaching around and cupping the breasts on Carly’s chest that didn’t seem to have moved when her bra came off. The perkiness of them surprised Hayley, because despite them being noticeably bigger than her own, there was no sag at all.
      She tweaked Carly’s nipples, gently massaging the small nubs between her thumbs and forefingers, as she continued kissing her neck. Pete was just about to suggest they switch places to repeat the steps, but before having the chance to say anything, Hayley had reached behind herself with her left arm and unclipped her own bra, letting it join Carly’s on the floor.
      Once she was also topless, Hayley stepped forward, putting her small boobs against Carly’s back as her lips and tongue teased at Carly’s neck, and her left hand headed back around towards the breast it had been required to leave. She found that Carly had immediately replaced Hayley’s hand with her own, and was now caressing her own breast, so rather than try to replace it, she covered Carly’s hand with her own, entwining their fingers as they both played with the boob.
      Pete was still hovering around them, capturing image after image of the two beautiful girls as they became more and more involved in each other. After instructing them to resume their kiss, he caught a few more before suggesting Carly put her left hand inside Hayley’s thong. The dark-haired beauty did not need asking twice, untangling their fingers and leaving her breast to Hayley’s gentle hands as she reached behind and found the blonde’s body.
      Her hand slowly traced down Hayley’s smooth torso until she located the fabric of her undergarment, and after sliding her hand across the top of it a couple of times, dipped her fingers inside the material. As her digits slowly lowered, the contrast of complete smoothness surrounding a small line off coarse hair inside Hayley’s thong was something she didn’t expect.
      Not really knowing why she had thought so, but Carly had expected Hayley to be completely clean-shaven, and so following the landing strip as it guided her towards the treasure beneath it was an unexpected, but highly enjoyable experience for her.
      Once she reached the end of the hair, the tip of her middle finger was now mere millimetres away from Hayley’s clitoris, and both knew it. Sliding her hand deeper into the thong, she grazed over the hidden love button and could feel precisely how turned on Hayley was, the wetness between her legs being a sure-fire giveaway.
      “Ok, wow! That is so hot! Let's change it up a bit though, shall we? Carly, can you turn around and push Hayley against this wall, crossing Hayley’s arms at the wrist and pinning them above her head, like this, with one of your hands, and then resume the kiss,” Pete said, showing what he meant, before pointing the camera back to the girls.
      Carly did exactly as he asked, although both girls were disappointed at how it had meant her hand was now removed from between Hayley’s legs. A few more beeps came from Pete’s camera, before he suggested the next move, instructing Carly to start kissing down Hayley’s body. Again, she did as requested, slowly moving down to her neck and spending a little time reciprocating what Hayley had done for her, before resuming and moving down until she was at Hayley’s breasts.
      Despite them being a lot smaller than her own, Carly thought they looked fantastic. Their small size was in perfect proportion to Hayley’s petite frame, and letting go of Hayley’s hands that remained crossed above her head, immediately took a nipple into her mouth and began sucking and nibbling on it.
      This was exactly what Pete was about to ask for, so the fact the Carly was doing it of her own volition was perfect, meaning he could continue to concentrate on getting the best pictures he could, although he did occasionally offer small requests for slight changes in her position to get a specific picture.
      Hayley remained with her back against the wall and arms above her head, which was now tipped back as she enjoyed Carly’s lips, tongue, and teeth, teasing at both of her nipples alternately. This continued for several minutes as Pete bobbed and weaved around, catching the images from almost every available angle, before instructing Carly to continue downwards.
      Slightly disheartened at having to leave the breasts and nipples she was enjoying, she did as requested, and any minor unhappiness was soon replaced with a mixture of nerves and excitement as she realised where she was heading. She kissed over Hayley’s stomach, again internally questioning herself as to why she expected Hayley to have a navel piercing like she did, before finding herself squatting down, and her face level with the top of Hayley’s thong.
      “Ok, turn your head to look at me, and put your face onto Hayley’s body,” Pete instructed, as the beeps indicated three more pictures had been captured.
      “Gorgeous. Now, keep looking at me, and just hook your fingers inside the waistband at the side, like you’re about to pull the thong down. Perfect.” He said, Carly following every direction exactly as he hoped for.
      “Alright, now actually pull the thong down, nice and slow. That’s it, brilliant.” He encouraged.
      Carly did as requested, feeling the garment slide down her left cheek, which continued to be pressed against Hayley’s body as she looked straight ahead, directly into Pete’s camera lens. The thong slowly edged down, gradually revealing more of Hayley to Pete’s side on shot, until it was by her knees. At that point, Carly let go of the waistband, and Hayley momentarily moved her feet slightly closer together, allowing gravity to take over and letting it drop to the floor, before re-opening her legs to their previous width.
      “Aww, perfect. Now, just turn your head so that you’re looking at Hayley, and lightly kiss her again.” Pete instructed.
      Whilst neither girl had thought the idea of being told what to do sounded particularly sexy before the shoot, now that it was actually happening, it was surprisingly arousing. Carly did as Pete said, lightly peppering the body before her with delicate kisses, starting off a couple of inches below Hayley’s navel, and working her way down.
      She didn’t hesitate when she reached the small strip of hair that Hayley kept, dusting the landing strip with light pecks as her lips headed towards their apparent target. Finally reaching the bottom of Hayley’s pubic hair, her mouth was now where her fingers had been not long ago, and as Pete moved in for some closer shots, Carly flicked her tongue lightly across the hood-covered love button in front of her.
      This drew a small moan from Hayley, and she felt herself tingling as Carly repeated it several times. Each flick was so light, it was almost like she was using a feather instead of her tongue, but every one sent a jolt through Hayley’s like an electrical current.
      “Wow. That’s so hot. Ok, Shall we change it now? Carly, can you lay on the bed, feet closest to Hayley, propping yourself up on your elbows and looking at her, and Hayley, can you slowly move towards her, looking like you are about to devour her, gradually crawling up on the bed until you’re kind of over the top of her,” Pete instructed, and stepped back to continue taking pictures.
      Both girls did exactly as he asked, and Pete couldn’t have been happier with the pictures he got. Once Hayley was above Carly, he said he wanted her to do similar to what Carly had done to her, so she began slowly kissing down the incredible body beneath her. Reaching Carly’s breasts, Hayley made sure to return the favour, spending a significant amount of time sucking and licking her nipples, unaware that this it was one of Carly’s biggest turn-ons.
      Eventually, Pete instructed her to continue down, and Hayley responded, replicating the little kisses as she moved over Carly’s stomach, and darting her tongue around the jewels of her piercing, before reaching the last remaining item of clothing either of them was wearing.
      “Ok, Carly, can you put your legs up, and Hayley, can you slide the thong off, nice and slowly and sexily,” Pete instructed.
      Both girls again did what he wanted to see, and he caught image after image of Carly’s underwear being slowly removed and then tossed on the floor. Once it was off, she lowered her legs back around Hayley, who was still positioned between them, gradually revealing that she kept herself fully shaved. Once her legs were back down on the bed, Hayley needed no instruction to resume, planting her lips where the top of Carly’s thong had been, and continuing her route south.
      Within seconds, Hayley found herself in a position she had never been in before. Her head was now between another girls legs, her mouth within centimetres of the most intimate part of her body. She hesitated momentarily, debating if she could actually go further, until the thought of Dan saying he wanted her to do it popped into her head, driving her on.
      She brought her hands up and gently teased Carly’s ‘innie’ type pussy apart, before lowering her mouth to the delectable opening before her and probing at Carly’s entrance with her tongue. Like she had done when it was Carly between her legs, Hayley could hear Carly let out a series of soft moans as her tongue danced around, skimming over the exposed clit beneath her lips as the moans got a little louder.
      Considering this was the first time she had been in this position physically, Hayley had obviously never gone down on another girl before, and was slightly curious as to if she was doing it right. She continued regardless, alternating between thinking of what she liked when Dan performed oral sex on her, and not really thinking at all, instead just going with it.
      Carly was squirming around on the bed as Pete continued taking pictures. In her mind, Hayley’s mouth was working some kind of magic between her legs, and when Pete suggested she play with her boobs, it was only a few seconds before her orgasm began to bubble within her. The beep of his camera was almost unnoticeable in the background as he captured Hayley change to using one hand to spread Carly open, and then sliding firstly her middle, then adding her ring finger into Carly’s soaking hole.
      The tightness gripping around her digits surprised Hayley, as if it wasn’t for how obviously aroused Carly was, she wasn’t sure that, even though her fingers are very small, she would have been able to get them in. Again think about what Dan does when he goes down on her, Hayley turned her hand so that her palm was facing up, pushed her fingers in as far as she could, and began performing a ‘come hither’ type action.
      She knew she must have been doing it right, because Carly immediately responded, increasing the intensity of which she was squirming on the bed, as well as starting to pinch and tug at her nipples. Carly’s moans had also increased in volume, and Hayley continued to bring her closer to orgasm when she resumed tonguing at her clit, until she finally let go, submitting to the pleasure wave.
      Carly’s orgasm crashed over her as Pete attempted to capture as much as he could on camera. For possibly the first time in his life, he wished he had multiple hands, as he ideally wanted to be shooting in three or four directions simultaneously, instead of having to choose one at a time. Despite that, he tried to focus on getting the best shot available, depending on where he was looking.
      As Carly gradually came down from her high, her muscles gradually released Hayley’s fingers from being held inside her, something she didn’t even realise had happened as she had been too consumed by the intense release she experienced. Pulling them free, Hayley was laughing to herself at just how tightly she had been gripped, and wondering if she gripped Dan’s fingers like that when he got her off.
      Once he was satisfied Carly was ok to carry on, Pete instructed Hayley to turn around and move over Carly, essentially a sixty-nine position, and snapped away as the girls needed no instruction with what to do next. He stayed close to Carly’s head this time, choosing to focus on her pleasuring of Hayley, since he had already got plenty of shots of the reverse.
      Picture after picture flowed, all saved onto the memory card in the camera, containing all kinds of close up shots, such as Carly licking at Hayley’s exposed clit, or gently using her teeth to tease at Hayley’s labia minora, which was more prominent, especially compared to her concealed inner lips. Having felt how well Hayley’s fingers worked when inside her, Carly thought she would copy the action, but also cupped her palm over the top of Hayley’s clitoris, doubling the stimulation as she played.
      This worked like a charm, almost instantly causing Hayley to buck her head up, and start panting ‘Oh God’ repeatedly as she felt her orgasm rapidly rise within her, almost immediately hitting like a freight train. What neither Carly, nor Pete knew though, was that Hayley was prone to squirting when she orgasmed. Although neither were prepared for the torrent of juices that flowed out of her, Pete captured her initial eruption as it covered Carly’s face, only serving to push Carly to speed up, until Hayley’s inner muscles gripped her fingers like a vice, similar to how hers had during her own climax.
      He kept shooting as Hayley’s cum not only covered Carly’s hand and face, but also all around her pussy lips and pubic area, until Carly slowly withdrew her fingers to a squelching sound, happy that she had done for Hayley what Hayley had done for her.
      Taking the final shots from that position, Pete caught several different angles of Hayley’s leaking entrance, including a couple that he thought would look great in black and white, and featured a droplet of her cum hanging from one of her landing strip hairs. Finally, he moved to beside the girls and took a few of them from there, before asking Hayley to roll on to her back, beside Carly, for a last shot of them side by side, fully nude.
      Once he was finished, he thanked the girls for the amazing shoot, and said would get the pictures over to them as soon as he could, but neither seemed able to move, instead, remaining where they were for almost ten minutes. Finally, they dragged themselves up and collected their clothing, neither in any rush to re-dress, and headed to their respective rooms and putting their clothes back on.
      The three of them sat downstairs afterwards, chatting about the shoot and all agreeing how much they enjoyed it, before Hayley and Carly swapped numbers, and left, returning to their respective homes as Pete decided it was a great time for a shower. A cold shower!
      Walking into the house she shared with Dan, Hayley couldn’t wait to tell him all about it, knowing that he would be desperate to get the details of what happened. She described Carly’s naked body, letting him visualise how she looked without clothes, before regaling him with the full story, leaving nothing out.
      Dan listened eagerly as she told him everything, instantly hard as soon as she began describing Carly undressing her and the tease whilst she was standing against the wall. He was struggling to stop himself taking her there and then when she recounted being the first one of them to go down on the other, and after hearing her describe her own orgasm at the end and how she squirted all over Carly, that was all he could take, picking Hayley up and carrying her to the bedroom.
      Unintentionally, it was as if he was ‘reclaiming’ Hayley, since they ultimately spent the rest of the day and night in a lust fuelled haze, mixing making love with pure lustful fucking in almost equal measure, something they hadn’t done for a long time.
      It was safe to say, the fire between them was back to maximum ferocity thanks to the photoshoots, and during a cool-down session in between their passion-filled activities, Dan started thinking of more possible challenges to set Hayley, and each time he came up with one, it spurred his libido into life again…
 