Unexpected

It wasn't the first time Marcia and her friends had rented a beach house for the weekend. For some of her girl friends it was a chance to have sex with their boy friends away from people that could spread gosip. Not all her friends had a sex partner, there were also some single girls and guys that had share their part in the rental of the house. We had stacked up on beer, bottles of rum and food to last us for the whole weekend. It was swimming during the day and party drinking well into the night. The house looked like a camping site with everyone sleeping on the floor. Bedrooms were left for lovers to give the privacy, witch everyone would turn into a jokes. We were all between 19 to 21 years of age, except for me being the youngest of the group two month shy of my 19th birthday. They called me Marcy, short for Maryann, although usually I was called Bamby for being the youngest. After a hot day at beach, there was nothing else but drinking and partying. I guess the hot sun makes people horny because the first thing our three loving couples would do, was head strait for the bedrooms, while we sat on the floor having drinks. It was a joke because we all cold hear what was going on inside and how embarrassed I felt. No matter how I tried to hide my blushing, they all noticed it and began teasing the hell out of me. 
"Look at Marcy's red face" one of the guys said. 
"Yeah that means she's just as horny as them" 
"Oh don't be redicouls" 
"Why don't you just admit your thinking of what their doing inside" as they all laughed at me watching me covering my face. 
They intentionally sat there flicking their tongues at me and making sexual gestures at me with their hands, just to make me even more embarrassed. I was blushing so hard' I deicided to take a shower, just to get myself away from them. I was in the middle of my shower when four of my girl friends picked the lock and caught standing naked in the shower. 
"Look at those tan marks" as they stood holding my bathing suit and towel in their hands. 
"Hear Nancy take these and hide them" as she handed them to her. 
"Where are you going with those" I screamed as Nancy went outside and hear her asking guys if they wanted to see me naked. 
"Oh God not that please" standing in panic at the thought of being dragged out nude in front of them. Susan just stood looking at me with a big naughty grin in her face. She waited for Nancy to come back, intentionally forcing me to contemplate the humiliation I was going to be put threw. Suasn began pulling me by my arms while telling the others to grab my legs inching ever closer towards the door pleading with them to stop. Its was useless, my feet were slipping on wet floor and everything I tried to hold on to eventually lost me grip. They forced of five girls was just to much to fight off. They had me half way out the door and about to face humiliation. There was no fight left in me and froze in shame when I saw myself in front of five guys making comments about my bare breasts and almost shaven pussy. I was so flushed with embarrassment, I felt faint and totally at their mercy. I was being held up in front of them and all I could do was keep my legs crossed in an attempt to keep my pussy lips from being shamefuly exposed. My niples went hard as rocks when guys began playing with them. 
"It's no use Marcy spread your legs wide" Susan ordered me. 
When I din't say anything she forced them apart and held them wide open with hepl from one of the other girls. 
"Wow look at the dripping wet pussy" one of the guys said. 
The coments almost made me wish I was dead" 
"Horny Bamby needs an orgasm bad" as Susan gently parted my pussy lips exposing my vigina hole and stroking my clit in front of them. 
"Right whos first in line to suck her sweat juices" 
A shock went strait threw my body when I felt one of the guys tongue parcially slip into my hole and then slowly up to the tip of my clit. I just lost myself when he began flicking at it and ocationally sucking it into his mouths. 
My girl friends just went crazy watching and an telling him to make me cum. I was getting extremely aroused and could I was on the verge of having an orgasms in front of everyone. My utter embarrassment had sudently been replaced by the sheer pleasure I was feeling. 
"Come on guys there enough for all of you" cried out my girl friends at the same time. 
"Yeah stick a finger up her ass" said someone "that always makes them cum faster" 
Who ever said that was so right, I exploded the instance I felt slide deep into my anus and wiggled inside. Three orgasms latter I was taked inside a 
bedroom sucking four of the guys off while the others ejaculated themself all over my face and tits. I admit it was humiliating but deep inside, feeling like a cheap whore turned me on like never before. That night I ended up in the shower washing my sperm smeared body once again, but totally sexually satisfied. It was the next mourning when I face them all, that humiliation came back to hit me in the face. 

Love Alicia 