Showing Off On Vacation
by Waltz7

A visit to the mall.

Zipping up his backpack John looked up at his girlfriend Laura. "Okay, I think I'm all packed. Do you have everything?" The two of them were taking a week vacation from their Midwestern winter to visit his aunt and uncle in Hawai'i during Laura's winter break from grad school.

"I think so." Laura responded to his question.

"Okay. Well, do you still have a little space in your bag?"

"A little yeah. Why."

Instead of responding John walked over to their closet and after a moment returned with a couple items and handed them to Laura, saying "Stick these in there too."

Laura shook out the clothing he had picked out to take a look at them. Seeing a pleated cotton skirt that she knew to be scandalously short on her tall, thin frame and a button down white top she looked at him with raised eyebrows and asked "What are these for?"

"You'll see. It's warm in Hawai'i." He responded with a noncommittal shrug and slightly teasing little smile.

"Right..." Laura said in response, with a mock-angry glare, which brought a bigger smile in response from her boyfriend.

With bags packed they made their way to the airport, bundled up for the January cold. After checking in the two did their best to sleep or stay entertained with books through the uneventful, if cramped, flights to Honolulu.

They were greeted at the airport by John's aunt and uncle, Beth and Chris, and headed out to a nearby restaurant for dinner as they had arrived in the early evening and were hungry. Plus, as Chris pointed out, the roads would still be horrible with the later part of Friday afternoon rush hour traffic.

During dinner the couple chatted with Beth and Chris and enjoyed the warmth, which was a very welcome change to the cold weather they had come from that morning. Following dinner the four drove back to Beth and Chris' house where he and Laura would be staying in the guest bedroom for their time there.

The next two days, being the weekend, Beth, with occasional help from Chris who worked some on weekends, escorted the young couple around the island to give them a general idea of where things were and how to get around for when they were on their own during the week. They hit the usual tourist sites; the surfers on the north coast, Pearl Harbor, and Waikiki beach, to name a few.

Given that they had been accompanied by Beth the two hadn't had much opportunity to get up to too much in the way of sexiness, other than their usual bedroom sex, which was as always fantastic -- if a bit quieter than typical as they were staying in the guest bedroom.

Monday their schedule was totally up to them as both Beth and Chris were at work and had left them a car to explore as they wanted. They eventually wound up at the beach to enjoy the sun and warmth that they had been missing for the past several months at home. John was particularly happy about this because it meant he got to spend the afternoon with Laura wearing a bikini. While her bikini wasn't particularly more revealing than most bikinis it certainly still left most of her body exposed for him to enjoy. And being built a lot like a runway model Laura in a bikini was definitely a sight to enjoy. With perky, perfectly shaped breasts on the smaller side over a firm, flat stomach and long, toned legs she had, in John opinion, the perfect body, especially when wearing only a bikini.

So, John certainly had cause to find himself admiring his girlfriend's body as they spent the afternoon on the beach. And, judging by the looks he was getting from Laura she knew he was checking her out. Or maybe she was checking him out too, for, as John knew, she thought his tall, thin, fit body worth admiring too. In either case, John was more than tempted to take Laura behind the nearest bush to take advantage of their mutual attraction.

He did, however, manage to resist this urge and they continued enjoying the beach and the ocean. Although neither managed to do more than dabble their toes in the cold ocean water since being thin they both had a tendency to get cold very quickly, especially where water was involved.

Around mid afternoon John suggested they head back in order to avoid too severe a sunburn, to which Laura agreed. Plus John had another motive in mind as heading home at that time put them back at Beth and Chris' well before they were due home, giving them nobody to worry about hearing them. They took advantage of this privacy, with Laura crying out through two orgasms before John reached his own.

After a quick post-sex nap they still had time to share a shower and be cleaned up before Beth and Chris got back from work and took them out for dinner and to see a couple other sights for the evening.

The next morning John decided it was time for a little more excitement. After finishing breakfast the two cleaned up and headed to their bedroom to get dressed and ready for the day. As Laura started sifting through her bag picking out her clothes for the day John came up behind her to wrap her up in a hug before whispering "I'm going to pick out your clothes for the day."

"Huh? Pick out my clothes?" Laura queried, as that was definitely out of the ordinary.

"Yup." John responded simply as he gently moved her to the side before sorting through her bag until he found what he was looking for. Pulling out the skirt and top that he had had her add before they left he handed them to Laura. "Okay, wear these."

"What about underwear?" she asked.

"Nope, no underwear. Just those."

"But I can't just wear this stuff, I'll be barely decent! If that!"

"That's kind of the point." John replied as he stepped to her to pull her against him. "Just please, wear that stuff. For me? I promise I'll make it worth your time later." He said, making his best puppy dog eyes at her.

Laura looked up into his eyes for a moment before dropping her shoulders slightly in a little pout. "Okay fine, you know I can't resist when you look at me like that."

"Thanks, I promise I will make it worth it later." John responded before pulling her to him for a long, soft kiss. Breaking the kiss he said, "I love you," with a tender smile

"I love you too." She responded softly, before continuing in a sassy voice "Even if you do ask me to dress like a whore."

With a laugh John stepped back to watch as Laura changed into the outfit he had picked out. She first stepped into the skirt and settled it in place around her hips. Once in place it was short enough that the bottom of her firm, round butt cheeks peeked out the bottom. As she leaned over to pick the top up off her bag John watched with a smile as the skirt rose up, exposing more of her ass and almost showing the bottom of her pussy lips, which he was sure it would do if she bent over all the way. Next, the top went on, covering her bare breasts. Given the smaller size of Laura's breasts the top was just tight enough that her nipples brushed the fabric but not so tight that they were pressed against it. Which was the only thing that made it halfway decent as the white material was just sheer enough that John could make out the dark outline of her areola through the fabric if he stared hard enough. Plus with the top buttons left undone it was loose enough that when she bent over anyone on front of her would be offered a nice view of her bare chest.

"You are so gorgeous." John said before standing up to check his pockets for the car keys. "Now put these on and let's go before I decide to take you out of those clothes and back to bed." He continued, handing Laura her flip-flop sandals.

"Where are we going?"

"I thought we could start with a little shopping." Replied John as he led the way to the car.

As they drove John had trouble keeping his eyes off of Laura and on the road, and noticed that she too kept glancing down at herself and fidgeting. He wasn't sure if she was fidgeting due to nervousness or excitement. They had done some moderately exhibitionist things in the past that she had gotten into but never anything quite this daring and he hoped that it wasn't pushing her too far.

As he pulled the car into the parking lot of the mall he turned to her with that concern in mind and said "I'm hoping that you'll enjoy this too, but you know that you can put a stop to it anytime right?"

"Of course." She replied with a confident smile, then betrayed her nervousness by taking a deep breath before saying "Okay, lets go shopping."

At first they just wandered through the main portion of the mall, not entering any of the stores. The mall wasn't real busy as they were there in the late morning but the other shoppers they passed certainly noticed Laura. They noticed many people doing double takes, and a few high-school age boys openly stared as she walked by.

John noticed that the looks she was getting was having an effect on Laura too as she had started putting a little more sway in her hips as she walked, and had her chest thrust out a touch more than she typically did.

Laura confirmed John's suspicion that she was getting turned on by the attention when she grabbed his hand and pressed her body against his arm to say "I want to look at sunglasses." Before leading him over to a kiosk in the middle of the mall displaying sunglasses that was being manned by a bored-looking younger guy who appeared to be in his early twenties.

"Hello." Laura responded cheerfully to the guy's greeting.

"Is there anything in particular you want to see." He asked, his eyes scanning Laura up and down as she looked into the display case.

"Not yet, I'll just take a look for a minute." She replied. Shifting her feet back half a step Laura leaned over to get a closer look at the sunglasses. This caused her top to fall away from her chest, which the guy behind the counter clearly noticed as his eyes were fixed down her shirt, and John had no doubt that he was getting a clear view of her bare breasts. She had bent her knees when she leaned over which kept her skirt from riding up and exposing her ass but she glanced over her shoulder as she noticed a middle-aged man walking in their direction. John caught a flicker of a smirk pass across her face as she slowly straightened her legs while leaning over just a little farther. This resulted in her skirt rising up her ass, exposing a significant amount of the lower portion of her cheeks.

As the man approached John saw him glance in their direction and notice Laura's display. He nearly missed a step and altered his course slightly to take him closer as he passed by. John was pretty sure the man never noticed he was there as he was so focused on Laura's exposed ass.

After the man had passed Laura straightened up and smiled at the guy behind the counter before saying "I don't think I see anything interesting, thanks though."

The guy just nodded dumbly before managing an emphatic "Thank you."

Laura turned away from the counter with a grin on her face and continued through the mall. John smiled to himself before asking, "Enjoying yourself?"

She glanced at him but didn't respond immediately. Instead she grabbed his hand and kept walking. A few steps ahead they came abreast of a recessed doorway into one of the access hallways. Laura stepped into the space in front of the doorway and pulled him in behind her, effectively hiding them from anyone not directly in front of the doorway. She threw her arms around John and pressed herself against him for a passionate kiss, pushing him back against the wall. Continuing to kiss him she grabbed one of his hands and led it between their bodies to lift her skirt enough to press his hand against her mound. "You tell me if I'm enjoying myself." She whispered in his ear. Not needing any more instruction John slid one finger between her folds and found that she was so wet she was nearly dripping. Laura was typically tight enough that without lubrication even a finger didn't enter easily so the ease the John's finger slipped into her opening was a clear indication of her arousal.

"I think maybe you're enjoying this." John whispered back, a note of teasing in his voice as he worked his finger into her for a moment. Reluctantly he pulled his hand from her pussy and gently pushed her away from him. "I think I saw a shoe store over there, why don't you go try on some shoes?" He suggested, indicating a store a little ways back the way they had come.

"Okay." Laura said, her breath coming a little quickly from the attentions that John's hand had just given her.

They walked back toward the shoe store but John paused before they entered. "You go in ahead, I want to watch without them knowing I'm with you." He said.

Laura just nodded in reply and continued into the store. John waited a few moments before following into the store. As it was morning, a slow time for the mall, there was only one salesperson in the store, a rather cute young blond woman who had already started to help Laura. John wandered in to a part of the men's section not far from where Laura and the sales girl were and tried to appear like he was actually shopping.

As he watched Laura pointed to a pair of shoes and waited as the woman pulled out the box in the appropriate size. Pointing Laura to a bench the sales girl sat down on the floor in front of the bench to open the box and take out the shoes. Laura seated herself on the bench, positioned so that her legs were pointing in the direction of the woman was sitting with the shoes.

Laura reached down to pull off her flip flops, bending one knee to be able to reach more easily and at the same time spreading her legs, giving the young woman sitting on the floor in front of her a clear view up her skirt at her bare pussy. From John's position he could see the girl's eyes lock between Laura's legs, clearly focusing on Laura's exposed sex.

Setting her sandals to the side Laura resituated herself, now sitting with her legs slightly open. She looked down at the sales woman, who, still trying to discreetly look up Laura's skirt, set the new shoes out for Laura to try on. She had picked out a pair of black shoes with about a two inch heel that she could have probably stood up and stepped into but instead she bent over to pick up the shoe to put it on, while bending one knee out to pick up her foot to put it in the shoe. In this position the sales girl had a clear view both down Laura's shirt at her breasts and up her skirt that was now starting to get pushed up even more by her moving her knees. It appeared to John that the young woman was having a hard time deciding whether she wanted to stare at Laura's perky breasts or at her shaved pussy that were both very much on display in front of her.

After some unnecessary fumbling with the shoes that kept Laura in her bent over, exposed position longer she stood up to test out the fit. After taking a few steps back and forth down the aisle Laura stopped before bending at the waist to look at the shoebox with her ass pointed directly at John and the open neck of her shirt towards the sales girl. As she bent down her skirt rode up more and more until, as he had guessed earlier, the lower portion of her pussy came into view. She stayed in this position, exposing her ass and pussy to John while giving the girl another look at her breasts, while reading, or feigning to read something on the box.

A moment later she straightened up before sitting back down to slip off the shoes, again displaying her pussy to the young woman still seated in front of her. Setting the shoes down she said something John couldn't make out to the woman and pointed at another pair of shoes to try on.

This time it turned out she had selected a pair of knee high leather boots. Again the young woman sat down in front of Laura to get the boots out of the box. This time John noticed she has positioned herself quite close to Laura and he quickly saw the reason why as she offered to hold the boot to help Laura put them on. He watched as Laura lifted her foot up to rest her heel momentarily on the bench to allow the sales girl to position the boot. This pushed Laura's skirt up to the top of her thigh, totally exposing her pussy to the girl sitting no more than two feet away in front of her. With her eyes fixed on the sight in front of her the woman brought the top of the boot to Laura's foot, and held it there while Laura worked her foot into it. Setting that foot down the two young women repeated the routine, the sales girl only glancing away from Laura's pussy when necessary to grab the boot. While John had been halfway hard since the got to the mall the sight of Laura so boldly exposing herself to the other cute young woman had immediately caused his cock to turn rock hard.

Now booted Laura stood up to once again pace a few steps down the aisle. After a testing the boots out she sat back down and asked the young woman for help getting the boots off, reversing the procedure and again exposing her sex to the woman. Once the boots were off the two exchanged a few words about the shoes before Laura slipped her sandals back on before standing up to turn and head out of the store. The young woman stared after Laura until she turned the corner and was out of sight then as she was returning the heels and boots to their shelves John slipped out behind Laura.

As he exited the store and turned in the direction Laura had gone she grabbed his hand and pulled him against her for a desire-filled kiss. She again pushed his hand toward her mound and needing no encouragement John placed his hand over her sex. As he did so he immediately noticed her wetness, even just with a flat palm over her pussy. "Somebody is excited." He commented.

"Oh my god." Was Laura's reply, as she leaned against him.

"I think that's enough shopping, let's go have lunch." John suggested.

"Lunch? Can't I just have you for lunch? Right now?" Laura asked, her arousal clearly evident in her voice.

"I'm planning on having you for dessert so you'll have to wait until after that." He responded, drawing a moan from Laura as she clutched his arm and pulled him back toward the entrance.

Making their way back through the now slightly more crowded mall Laura again drew plenty of looks, which she noticed and which seemed to bring her back under control and to once again enjoying putting herself on display. She put a little space between her and John but kept one hand on his arm while her walk became more of a sashay as she swayed her hips from side to side. "Okay, lunch sounds good to me. I think we passed a café down the street that has tables out by the sidewalk, lets try there." She said, a smile playing at her lips.

John glanced at her, not sure what she had in mind but shrugged to himself and said, simply, "Sounds good."

They exited the mall and made their way to the café, where Laura asked for a table outside, pointing to a specific one, the one nearest the sidewalk, most visible to anyone passing by. They sat down and perused the menu, picking out and ordering their choice of sandwiches and drinks.

After ordering Laura sat back for a moment before shifting her chair around the table so they were sitting side by side. She was on John's right, between him and the sidewalk, and as the table was a fairly small round one the position of her chair left the majority of her legs visible to anyone on the sidewalk. Settling in her chair again she met John's eyes and held his gaze while reaching up to undo another of the buttons on her top and shifting the fabric so that from John's angle, or from most anywhere above her, her breasts were clearly visible. Looking down John saw that her nipples were hard, and had to resist the urge to reach inside her shirt to fondle her breasts right there on the sidewalk.

Shortly the waitress returned accompanied by a young busboy with their drinks and sandwiches. The waitress clearly noticed Laura's display but did her best not to stare. The busboy, too, tried his best not to stare but clearly failed and nearly dropped one of their sandwiches as he stared down Laura's shirt.

As they settled in to eat Laura brought her right leg up and to the side, setting her foot on the front of the chair. This opened her legs and pushed her skirt up enough that from John's angle he could just see the edge of her pussy lips. He had no doubt that anyone walking towards them on the sidewalk had a clear view of her bare sex, which was confirmed by the stares of most of the men, and quite a few of the women, walking by.

Laura continued her display as they ate, and after paying the bill the two hurried to the car. Before getting in the car John grabbed Laura to pull her in to kiss her. "You are incredible." He said. "Now lets get back so I can get out of my clothes too."

They hopped in the car and John did his best to stay within the speed limit in his eagerness to get back and get Laura into the bedroom. Shortly they arrived and hurried inside. Immediately after shutting the door Laura threw herself at John, kissing him passionately and pulling at his shirt.

"Hey, slow down just a minute." John said, and led Laura up to the bedroom they were using. "I told you this morning I would make it worth you while, so now things are up to you, we can do it any way you want, have me do whatever you want."

A smile spread across Laura's face and she took a step away from John to sit on the edge of the bed. "Okay, well you can start by taking off your clothes for me since I've been half naked for you all day."

John quickly complied, stripping off his clothes until he was standing naked in front of Laura, his erection standing proudly in front of him.

"Now, lay down." Laura ordered as she stood to take her own clothes off. John laid down in the middle of the bed and Laura climbed on top of him, sitting back to straddle his legs. She grasped his cock in one hand, drawing a gasp from John. "I want this inside me, but first I want you to make me come." She said, and crawled up the bed, pausing for a kiss before positioning herself with her knees on either side of his head and her pussy positioned over his mouth.

John eagerly complied with her request and brought his tongue up to her folds. He teased her outer lips lightly before pressing his tongue into her from bottom to top, pausing as he reached her clit. He continued licking her from bottom to top for a minute, enjoying the taste of her arousal. Soon he shifted his focus to her clit, which quickly brought moans from Laura. She began pushing herself down against him, increasing the pressure of his tongue. As her moans became more urgent John brought one hand up and slid a finger inside her to rub her g-spot while continuing his attentions on her clit. This tipped Laura over the edge almost immediately and she cried out as she shuddered through her orgasm.

Laura took a moment to recover from her orgasm before rolling off of John and laying on her back with her legs spread. She fixed a smoldering look on John and said, "Now fuck me."

John immediately rolled over and took his position between her legs. Positioning the head of his cock at her opening he kissed her passionately as he slowly slid into her tight pussy. He continued sliding his cock all the way into her and took a few slow strokes. Slipping one hand behind her head John suddenly grabbed a handful of Laura's hair and thrust deeply inside her before continuing to pound his cock into her. Laura cried out as his hair pulling combined with the waves of pleasure from his cock pistoning in and out of her pussy. Her cries increased in intensity as she again approached her orgasm.

John too was moaning in pleasure as he neared his own orgasm. After a few more thrusts he reached his peak and with a loud groan of release shot his seed into Laura's depths. John's moaning had added to Laura's excitement and as she felt his come spurting inside her she again shuddered in orgasm.

After a few moments the two recovered enough to meet for a kiss. As they lay in bed cuddling John asked "So was it worth it?"

Laura turned to look at him with a smirk on her face "It was worth it before we left the mall."
