Sex on the Underground
by Cindy (address withheld)

***

My name is Cindy; I am 23. My girlfriend's name is Jane 
and she is 21. We had been to London for the day and 
caught the Underground train late at night to travel 
home. As the train left the city and entered the 
environs so it began to empty of most passengers. 
Looking through to the next carriage at one point we 
could see that the only passengers in there were two 
coloured youths sitting together, and we decided to 
have some fun. 

So, at the next station we quickly hopped out and 
jumped into their carriage and deliberately sat right 
opposite them. They were good-looking boys, probably 
brothers, one aged about 18, and the younger one about 
14. I quietly chatted to Jane for a few moments, then 
casually put my arm round her drawing her towards me 
and kissed her on the mouth.

She immediately responded and we were suddenly involved 
in deep snogging and mutual tongue chewing. When we 
came up for air I glanced across to the two boys. They 
were both looking really fascinated and had nervous 
grins on their faces.

To ease their embarrassment I said, "Hi I'm Cindy, this 
is my girlfriend Jane. Hope you don't mind what we're 
doing."

The older of them mumbled that they didn't mind what we 
did if we didn't mind them watching. Which, of course, 
we didn't. That was the whole idea. We chatted with 
them a bit more. It transpired that the bigger boy was 
James, and yes they were brothers, and the younger one 
was called Ralph. Then I took a big chance and said to 
James, "Would you mind if got down and licked Jane's 
cunt?" 

The boys looked at each and sniggered and both said, 
"No, that's fine."

Jane immediately stretched her legs out opened them 
wide and said "Oh yes please, get down there." So, with 
no further ado, I pulled up her short skirt, and making 
sure that the boys had a perfect view I slowly rubbed 
my hand round the pussy area of her skimpy knickers 
which were already showing a damp patch.

I then got on my knees, pulled her knickers right down, 
spread her knees even more and dived in, tonguing her 
wet cunt. Jane was pushing herself into my face and 
moaning sexily. She was particularly enjoying the 
astonished looks on the boys' faces. The older one had 
his hand in his tracksuit bottoms and was obviously 
massaging himself, and the younger one was more openly 
feeling his hard-on through his trousers.

After a short while Jane said, "Have both of you got 
big cocks?" 

Young Ralph laughed and said, "James has, it's huge. 
I've seen it when he's got a hard-on in the mornings."

James responded, "Aw shut up. Yours is not so bad 
either, for your age."

Well, this sounded really exciting. I stopped what I 
was doing and said "Hey, why don't you both come over 
here and get a closer view of what we're doing?" They 
didn't need second bidding and quickly stepped across. 
Jane asked whether either of them had seen a girl's 
cunt close up before and raised her legs right up for a 
close inspection of what was between them.

As she tilted back her bum hole came into view as well. 
To complete the picture for them she undid her blouse 
and let her bra-less tits hang out. As they stood there 
goggle-eyed she invited them both to have a good feel 
of whatever they liked. Tentatively at first, James 
then Ralph started groping Jane's tits and exploring 
her pussy with their fingers. 

While they were thus engaged I got up and stood behind 
James. I gave him a cuddle round the waist to reassure 
him while saying, "James I'm just going to slip my hand 
down your trousers while you're playing with Jane's 
cunt." I desperately hoped he wouldn't object. He 
didn't. His tracky bottoms were very loose and my hand 
easily found its way round the front and inside of his 
boxers. My God! Ralph was right. His cock was enormous. 
I couldn't wait to see it.

Both boys were now well involved with Jane. They were 
each sucking one of her tits, and they both had fingers 
in her big, sopping cunt. Ralph was even also fingering 
her bum hole. James seemed oblivious to the fact that I 
was gently pulling down his tracky bottoms and exposing 
his boxers with a huge bulge at the front which was 
moist with pre-cum. 

I sat back in the seat in front of him and said, 
"James, I've never sucked a black cock before, can I 
suck yours?" 

He sort of gasped and stammered, "Yes please, but what 
happens when I cum?" 

Poor boy, I thought, and said, "Then hopefully you fill 
my mouth with your lovely tasty spunk, and enjoy one of 
the best feelings you have had." 

So, moments later I had his boxers pulled down and his 
massive cock was pointing at my face. I cupped his big 
balls, fingered his arse for a bit and licked his 
beautiful foreskin-covered cockhead. He was moaning 
with sheer delight and thinking that he wouldn't last 
long I then started hard sucking of the whole prick. He 
was pushing himself forcefully into my face and I was 
feeling his bum hole with one hand and gently squeezing 
his balls with the other, trying to give him the 
maximum pleasure. 

I was right; he didn't last long, and within a few 
minutes he gasped loudly, his cock began to spasm and 
my mouth was receiving copious amounts of his cum, over 
and over. I swallowed the lot and took great delight in 
licking clean the end of his now softening cock. I 
really didn't want to let go of it. It was still very 
large, black, silky and beautiful.

Meanwhile, of course, Jane had been at work on young 
Ralph, who, seeing the treatment his brother was 
getting, didn't want to be left out of the action. She 
had his trousers and pants right down, had turned him 
around spread his legs apart, bent him over, splayed 
his bottom cheeks, and had her tongue firmly implanted 
in his tight pink bum hole, which made a lovely 
contrast to the surrounding brown bottom. 

Ralph was squirming and moaning with delight. She then 
turned him around and displayed his rock-hard cock 
which was very long but not quite as fat as James's. 
Jane then proceeded to give him the treatment that I 
had given to James. If anything, Ralph came even more 
quickly than his brother. His face was an absolute 
picture of ecstacy.

After adjusting all our clothing and cleaning ourselves 
up we realised we were fast approaching our respective 
stops.

We all said our thank-yous and our goodbyes and hoped 
to meet up again. 

END










