Jackie's Rules
by Dreming_Alice_

Jackie's Rules Pt. 10

Saturday.

Waking up before her alarm, Jackie lay trying to keep her hand from wandering between her thighs. She was slowly losing the battle when the beeping brought her back focus.

Hopping out of bed, she felt dazed. Her mouth was dry and claggy, so when went and got a drink of water before brushing her teeth.

Once she felt a bit more human, Jackie buckled her collar round her neck and opened her door, closing it behind her. Sitting down on the cold floor, her hand automatically found her waiting clit, sending shivers up her spine.

Finding a gentle rhythm, she began reciting...

"Rule one, wake up every day at 05:30 and recite my rules, whilst masturbating in the hall. "

"Rule two, run every Weekday Morning, wearing a Sports bra, sneakers and Alice's panties from the previous day."

"Rule three, go to the Gym with Alice Every Saturday. "

"Rule four, play tennis twice a week."

"Rule five, no using Elevators."

"Rule six, no shoes in my apartment."

"Rule seven, always walk to class, don't use the bus."

"Rule eight, Don't lock my dorm room when I am in, so Alice Can enter."

"Rule 9, when dressing myself, seek approval from Alice(selfie or in person)."

"Rule ten, no using antiperspirant deodorant."

"Rule eleven, when Alice gives me an order, I should always call her Ma'am."

"Rule twelve, on Fridays, I will study in the library, wearing my princess plug and with my panties round my ankles. If I arrive without shoes, the plug will be replaced with a dildo."

"Rule thirteen, if I'm not wearing any underwear, I must not wear shoes in the apartment block."

Then, she'd been thinking on Alice's request for an amendment if she didn't have shoes, so tested one she'd been dreamt up...

"If I am already not wearing shoes, I will strip naked in the parking garage before entering."

"Rule fourteen, no orgasms on weekdays."

"Rule fifteen, no orgasms without verbal permission from Alice."

"Rule sixteen, No orgasms in the apartment building."

"Rule seventeen, when I sit at my desk I must be sat on my largest dildo."

"Rule eighteen, Whenever & wherever I study, my panties must be round my ankles."

"Rule nineteen, I will wear a butt plug during all classes."

"Rule twenty, I will never wear a butt plug and panties at the same time."

"Rule twenty-one, I must only wear a collar when in our dorm rooms. Nothing else."

"Rule twenty-two, all laundry must be done naked."

"Rule twenty-three, for every hour of study, I must take a break and edge."

"Rule twenty-four, I must never be late to Miss Carlson's Class and will always sit in the front row."

"Rule twenty-five, I must not wear sports bras as well as another top."

"Rule twenty-six, I must not shave my pubis. Shaving below is fine."

"Rule twenty-seven, I will only shower in public bathrooms. Never my own."

"Rule twenty-eight, I must only wear one pair of my own panties per week."

She sat there a few more minutes. Intoxicated by the gentle pleasure she was allowing her swollen clitoris.

"OK, good job but I can't wait all day."

Jackie was startled and looked up at Alice in her doorway.

"I like the amendment by the way, we'll keep it."

Jackie grinned sheepishly as Alice through some clothing at her and told her to grab her sneakers.

"Don't put anything on, you can get dressed in the car." she instructed. Then they set off down the stairs.

As they approached the car, Jackie had flashbacks to the day before, Masturbating in Alice's passenger seat. She asked quietly "can I touch Myself again?"

Alice laughed softly and nodded. "Clothes go in the back then."

There was no argument, Jackie just got in, tossing them onto the rear seats. Buckled herself in and slumped in the seat, parting her knees slightly.

As Alice began for drive off, she looked over at Jackie. "I feel like you're cheating being so low in the seat." She winked at Jackie, who slowly sat up if a little gingerly.

"Let's have some more fun with it." She said rolling down the passenger window.

"Stick your foot out the window and put your other up on the dash."

Jackie gave a small nod before complying. Now feeling totally exposed, the cool breeze caressing her skin. Her hand reached down, her fingers finding their way between her wet folds once again.

"I wonder if I should make this a rule." Alice mused.

Jackie shivered, she was immensely pent-up and it wasn't even 6am. This could be a long day...

On getting to the gym, Alice allowed her to clamber awkwardly onto the back and Jackie pulled on the bralette and tiny shorts that Alice had provided, followed by her sneakers. At first glance it would look like a sports bra and compression shorts, but they wouldn't hold up to scrutiny.

As they wandered in Alice stopped just inside the door.

"I'm going to put some stuff in the locker room. Charlie on the front desk was asking about you the other day. You should say hi to her."

Jackie blushed with embarrassment.

"It's the least you can do to thank her for opening up early for us every weekend."

Unable to argue with the logic, Jackie smiled and wandered over to the front desk. Blushing again as Charlie met her gaze and smiled warmly.

"Hey. It seems like you've been in here a hundred times and we've never spoken." Charlie started.

Grinning, despite herself, Jackie replied. "Alice has been training me hard."

"I can tell." Charlie winked, standing up to get a view of Jackie's physique past the high counter top, before dropping back into her chair.

Jackie blushed, now crimson.

They made idle chit chat for a while, Jackie waiting for Alice to return, so she could escape and her skin could return to a normal hue. Even with the counter between them and Charlie only being afforded a neck up view, she felt like she was being mentally undressed.

Her phone buzzed in her hand and Jackie looked down to see a message from Alice.

"New rule: all gym sessions are bottomless. You will take off your shorts at the front desk. I am waiting by the treadmills."

Her heart leapt into her throat. How could she do that? Surely Charlie would notice? Despite her mental anguish, Jackie noticed her fingers already toying with the waistband of her shorts.

Maintaining a small part of the fairly one sided conversation with Charlie, Jackie began working the shorts past her ass. Pushing further and further until the elasticated waist found It's way to the top of their thighs.

At this point in normal shorts, they would just fall, but with how tight this pair were, she had to awkwardly shuffle her legs back and forth until the stretchy fabric eventually made it past her knees and fell.

After maneuvering them past her sneakers, Jackie made her excuses and headed to find Alice, keeping close to the counter to hide her new-found nudity.

Of course, Alice was waiting expectantly with her ever-present smirk. "I wonder if I asked you to strip naked at the front desk. Would you?"

Jackie opened her mouth to answer, but thought better of it, she settled on keeping her mouth shut and trying in vain to hide her bashfulness at the comment.

"We're going to do a circuit today." Alice dictated.

"Start with 5 minutes, fast pace on the treadmill, then 50 crunches, then 50 squats, then 50 burpies.

Jackie nodded. Eager for a distraction to her bottomless plight.

"Oh... and did I mention you will be masturbating while you rest. 2 minutes between each exercise."

Alice winked.

After a much smaller nod, Jackie stepped onto the treadmill, ramping up the speed...

Soon enough Jackie was onto the buries, her mind blank to all but the task at hand. Her legs were shaking with all the torture she was putting herself through, her whole body was slick with sweat and there were a few extra beads of her own juices running down her thighs.

Normally she found it very difficult to be turned on when she was exercising, or even afterwards. But Alice had her permanently wound up and it took moments before she was dripping wet and able to slide her fingers easily across her sex after each exercise.

Counting down to the last buries she focused back on the world around her and Alice watching intently.

"OK. 5 minutes rest, you know what to do..."

It almost looked as if Alice was going to leave her be, before she stopped in her tracks...

"Throw me your top as well. Do one more circuit after your rest."

At this point Jackie didn't care about her naked body, she yanked off the top and threw it Alice's way. It was only the two of them anyway and it was getting in her way, she wanted to feel her hands on her exposed skin. She grabbed one breast and thrust her remaining hand deep inside her pussy...

All to soon, 5 minutes was up and Jackie rolled over to make her way to the treadmill, which only now did she realise how open the gym was. The morning light was now filling the space from the full length windows. The treadmills were one row back from the window itself, but now she was topless as well, anybody looking in would surely see.

Not only that, but on her chosen treadmill there was nothing to block the view behind her. If Charlie came to check on them, she would come across a naked Jackie for certain...

She ramped up the speed, with the determination to finish as soon as possible and soon she was masturbating again, ready to begin her crunches.

Starting with a mind on getting closer to the end of masturbating as son a possible. Jackie rubbed more vigorously, as if her haste would make the time pass quicker. Soon she was moaning and writhing on the floor.

She had to pinch herself before she could bring her hand away now and threw herself into the lunges, to get back to the sweet sensation of stimulating her clit as soon as possible. Therefore 50 crunches went by in no time. She ignored the pain and renewed her assault on her dripping pussy for another 2 minutes.

"Do your Burpies in the big window." Alice's voice broke her over-excited play this time... Jackie blushed, but didn't hesitate. Again beginning the exercise with enthusiasm. Crashing into the floor at completion.

Now curled on the floor in the window, she continued to stroke her cunt with 2 hands. One pushing deep inside and the other sliding through her wet folds and over her bulging clitoris.

Alice stared for a moment, before looking at her watch. They were probably pushing it, there would be regular gym members arriving soon.

"Come on, take your top. I need you to collect your bottoms before anyone notices..."

Jackie looked up with big round eyes. Looking small and vulnerable. But Alice held firm and pushed the top at Jackie, who eventually stood, fumbling it over her head.

Exhausted, she began trudging over to the desk, almost forgetting her exposed bottom half, until she spied her shorts.

Trying to maintain a calm and collected exterior, something she very much did not feel, Jackie smiled warmly at Charlie and exchange some small talk before quickly bending and grabbing her shorts; pulling them awkwardly up her sticky thighs before standing and giving the other girl the excuse that she had needed to tie her shoe.

Hoping desperately that the counter had hidden her nudity sufficiently from Charlie, Jackie said farewell and walked to the changing room, not before Charlie could wink at her again, sending her a shade of crimson.

On arriving in the changing room Jackie peeled off her pitiful outfit, heading straight for a cold shower to cool off. Alice watched as the naked girl's skin turned from beet red to white and back to red again with the cold. Before she stepped out shivering and hugging her now goose pimpled body.

She gave Jackie a towel just large enough to dry off, which she took gratefully and used to quickly dry herself before using the hair dryer.

When she returned to Alice, she was presented with 2 white pieces of cotton and some white sneakers. On further investigation, they were a pair of plain white panties and a tube top. After slipping them on and looking at herself in the mirror, Jackie decided it was no worse than her gym outfit from earlier.

Alice lead the way back to the car. They both waved to Charlie on the way past, Jackie still blushing more than she wished.

"We're going to the mall." Alice explained as they got in the car.

"In this!?" Jackie replied l, wide-eyed.

"No, I have something else for you too." Was all Alice replied before starting the car...

They were 5 minutes down the road before Alice spoke again.

"I've decided it will be a rule."

Jackie turned to her, momentarily confused.

"Whenever you are in my car, I want you bottomless, with one foot on the dash and one out the window."

"OK." Jackie replied softly, but in truth the suggestion had excited her this morning.

She undid the sneakers, removed her panties and got into position. The cool breeze tickling her skin and giving her a huge buzz.

"Now stroke your clit gently with one finger."

Jackie didn't need telling twice.

"We need to decide on a mantra for you."

"Sure." Jackie replied, the surreal feeling of masturbating and talking in a car in the freeway starting to get to her.

By the time they got to the parking lot, Alice had decided on the mantra. Jackie had given very little input, but had spent the last 10 minutes of the journey practicing it.

"I love rules more than anything. They keep me focused. Alice keeps me focused by giving me amazing rules and keeping me horny. I am at my best when horny and denied."

"We're here." Alice interrupted.

"I want you to repeat your mantra before you rules on a morning and I liked you repeating while masturbating in my car... add it to the car rule."

Jackie just nodded.

"Can I get dressed now?"

"I guess so." Alice winked and grabbed a bag from the back seat.

A few minutes later, they walked into the mall. Jackie had the white panties, tube top and sneakers on, but mercifully Alice has given her some dungarees to complete the look.

They were her own, so fit well. She just rarely wore them. They felt too childish to her. Though today they felt less so, with the slither of a top She had on. At least it covered the entirety of her breasts.

Alice walked them directly to a beauty salon, which was just opening. The woman opening up smiled warmly at Alice "Hey Girl."

Jackie stood politely while they exchanged familiar small talk and then was suddenly thrust into the conversation.

"This is Jackie, the girl I was telling you about."

Before she knew it, Jackie was on a massage table and was no longer wearing her dungarees. Caitlin, who Jackie was now acquainted, was preparing wax strips, whilst Alice was playing on her phone.

They waxed all of her legs and her armpits all while making polite small talk. Then in a business like manner, Caitlin pulled a curtain across the space and announced. "Time for those panties to come off girl."

Jackie looked at Alice, who nodded re-assurance. So she just did what she was told. Then She left her alone with Caitlin for a while...

First She used clippers to trim the wild Bush above Jackie's pussy, but longer than Jackie thought was needed for a waxing. Then she put a wax strip on either side, before pulling them off to make a more triangular shape.

Jackie was now watching intently as Caitlin pulled out a heart shaped piece of plastic from a drawer and placed it in the middle of a large wax strip. She then spent a great deal of time lining it up perfectly on Jackie's remaining Bush. Before pressing it down hard and smiling at her.

"This will probably sting the most." She said and ripped off the wax without further warning. Jackie yelped slightly and her hands instantly went to the painful area. Feeling it much smoother than it had been recently.

As she felt the smooth skin her hands brushed the patch of hair that still remained l, but also roamed further and found her still embarrassingly wet and open folds. She stopped with a start.

Caitlin was smirking, whilst mixing a pot of red liquid. "It's OK, Alice warned me you were a very sexual person. Just the dye left to go now."

Then Jackie realised that was what she was mixing. She was going to dye her pubic hair bright red! A bright red heart shape above her pussy. How embarrassing!

Not long later, Alice came back in.

"Oh, that looks great. Thanks Caitlin."

"Any time." Caitlin smiled and winked at Jackie.

"Do you have time for a mani-pedi?" Alice asked casually.

"Sure, I can do you while the dye is drying." Caitlin answered.

"No, for Jackie. I think red nails to go with the dye would look great." Alice looked over at a paralyzed looking Jackie, who blushed intensely.

"She can't get dressed yet and the chair is at the front of the shop Alice. Maybe if you come back." Jackie was relieved at the sensible response from Caitlin...

"Oh, come on. The chair faces away from the window and it is still early morning."

Jackie's heart sank, but her she got immediate excited butterflies in her stomach and felt muscles below her waist tighten with anticipation as Caitlin took her hand to lead her to the front of the small salon.

Wearing only a small tube top, Jackie sat there incredibly tensely, as Caitlin painted the nails on her hand delicately. It seemed to take forever.

Then she moved onto her toes, taking Jackie's her foot onto her knee to get better access.

This made her feel very exposed, she felt like she was being stretched and Caitlin's line of sight was directly at her crotch. The initial excitement was now too much. Jackie just desperately wanted to curl up somewhere private and masturbate to orgasm after desperate orgasm. Why did Alice insist on denying her so much? It was excruciating.

"Done." Jackie came back to reality at the statement from Caitlin. Who was now putting a small UV light she had used to set the paint away in her pocket. "You should get dressed now before you get me in trouble."

Jackie looked to Alice who was holding her clothes. "Nah, we'll just leave." She said, turning for the door. A panicked Jackie sprinting after her...

"Please!" Jackie tried to keep her voice down, but her panic was evident.

Alice just laughed and stood holding out the panties first for her to put on. So standing in a thankfully empty section of mall, Jackie yanked them on over her newly customized crotch.

Soon she was wearing the full outfit again and looking at Alice quizzically. This was because in the time she had them Alice had cut the dungarees to be shorts instead of full length jeans. It wasn't a bad change in a warm day, so after no explanation was given Jackie just shrugged.

"Let's get some breakfast." Alice set off again, leading the way.

Soon, the girls were sat in a quiet coffee shop, with artful lighting. There was a couple by the window, but Alice had chosen a small booth at the back.

"That was so embarrassing." Jackie whispered despite them bring alone.

"I can't believe you made me sit bottomless in the salon... and the love heart is humiliating!"

Alice chuckled and replied casually. "I didn't really make you. You didn't even protest." Jackie looked like she was about to counter, but Alice continued.

"I only do things that I am sure you will be turned on by and I'm pretty sure body modification is up there... Today was just dipping your toe in the water."

Jackie's mouth closed, she was pretty sure her pussy had twitched at the comment. Her mind was definitely reeling, thinking of all sorts of possibilities.

"We could confirm some assumptions I have made while we eat breakfast. But if I get 5 correct in a row, you forfeit your tube top to me until I give it back."

Jackie just smiled weakly and nodded. If she was honest, the idea of only having just the dungarees to cover her tits was exciting. She perhaps wouldn't be so brave if the mall was busy, but it was still quiet, and she was unbelievably horny still. Caitlin had even needed to wipe the chair after her.

"OK, assumption one."

Jackie listened intently.

"You're bisexual."

Jackie, nodded. Slightly shocked that Alice had picked this up, as they'd never discussed it.

"Assumption two. You usually prefer guys."

Jackie's jaw dropped opened now, before she nodded again.

"OK, you've always followed personal rules for gratification, but it is only recently that you thought about them sexually."

Jackie nodded again, smiling sheepishly. Little did she know that Alice knew a lot of this as fact, from her online Profiles...

"OK, number four. You're excited to lose your top to me."

Another nod came, this time from a blushing Jackie.

Alice grinned.

"Hmm, final one. You'd like to continue this game after you lose it."

Jackie didn't react straight away this time, she just sat still for a beat, before dropping one strap off her dungarees, to get the tube top past it, then on the other side. Then she pulled it over her head and handed it to Alice.

"Tell me more about how much of a slut I am." She said, more confidently than she felt.

"I'll give you my panties for another five."

"No, I want your sneakers Alice reported." Nobody would see if you have panties on or not."

Jackie nodded again, self consciously checking if her nipples were visible in the mirror.

"Stop me if I get any wrong." Alice said, before launching into some quickfire suggestions.

"You love anal and want to do more of it."

"The risk of being caught naked or exposed is a big turn on."

"You loved doing the online Videos, but are scared of the repercussions if you're found out."

"You have a thing for Miss Carlson."

Jackie blushed crimson, but didn't say anything.

"Aaand finally, the humiliation of this game is Its biggest appeal to you."

Again, Jackie didn't say anything, she just pulled up one foot onto her chair and untied her sneaker. Soon Alice was in possession of them both. Smiling sweetly she said "I'm sure I could get you naked pretty easily, but we don't want to get you arrested... Also if you're naked now, there will be nothing to take off later."

Both of them giggled at this, before finishing their coffees.

"Before we leave, I want to get you a wig and fake glasses for your videos. Maybe even a stick on beauty spot and color changing contact lenses."

Jackie was taken aback by this, but followed along. Now padding barefoot on the cold marble floor. She couldn't take her eyes off her newly painted toenails, and they kept reminding her of the bright red love heart she now had shaven on her pubis. This kept her face a similar red color for the whole walk.

Alice lead her into a fancy dress store and quickly found a pack of green contacts and some fake large rimmed glasses, then she went up to the second floor and found the wigs section, taking down a couple of red options.

"OK, we need to see if they match, take off your clothes."

Jackie just stood there stunned.

"I can't, what if someone comes!"

Alice was ready for this.

"They will only come find us if we take too long, so get on with it."

Jackie saw the logic in this, so reluctantly unclasped the dungarees, letting them fall and slid out of her panties, now totally naked in front of Alice.

Holding the wigs next to Jackie's crotch, Alice quickly discarded one and found another.

"OK, try both of these and I'll let you know which one."

Desperately trying to keep her calm, Jackie fumbled the first wig until she had it on and her own hair tucked away. It was a short bob and looking in the mirror, she couldn't believe how different she looked.

"No, that's not it, try the longer one."

The longer one was much longer and fell well below Jackie's shoulders.

"Yes, that one looks perfect." Alice chirped.

"And we can do way more styles with it, try with the glasses."

Jackie now stood looking at what could have been a totally different naked girl in the full length mirror.

Alice snapped two pictures from a distance, managing to get front and rear view in the frame, thanks to the mirror.

"Those will be perfect teasers for your profile."

"Oh god." Was all Jackie could muster in response.

After allowing Jackie to redress, Alice paid for the items she'd tried on and took her back out into the mall. Heading for the central area, where there was a large fountain. She then had her stand with her feet apart and pulled some scissors out of her bag.

"One last thing before we head out to the car."

There were more people around now and a few started as they walked by, at the girl standing awkwardly with her friend fussing around her outfit. Alice cut more Material out of each leg of the dungarees, exposing the panties Jackie was still wearing, before pushing the scissors inside the denim to get the waistband of the white pair and pulling them out through the gap.

Soon Jackie was stood there with both ass cheeks on display. The dungarees below the waist covering little more than her crotch. They were basically a thong shape. Now Alice dipped the white tube top in the fountain before handing it to Jackie and without further warning undid both clasps on the dungarees, exposing her tits.

Jackie hadn't been aware, but Alice had stalled until the coast was clear. Now panicked, she was wrestling the wet top over her head and into position as best as possible...

Afterwards her nipples were still clearly visible. The front section of the dungarees was hanging in front of her and giving some modesty, but the two crossed straps at the back didn't cover Jackie's ass at all. She was mortified.

She walked sheepishly behind Alice as they made their way through the crowded walkway. She began to reflect on how it was still before lunch, and she'd been naked in three different places today. If this was to keep up, what would Alice have her doing soon…

