My Girl Is...A Slut?
by writemarksmith

Guy can't help being turned on when he learns he is a cuck.

I knew Vanessa was out of my league. She's a 22 year old Korean hottie with a resting bitch face but a smoking hot body. Vanessa is 5'8" tall, and slim with firm, smallish tits, a tight round ass and gorgeous long legs.

I had met her on a dating app, and took her out for an expensive dinner for our first date. She was sweet, with a quiet confidence. I was nervous but really enjoyed being out with her. At the end of the night I told her I very much wanted to see her again and she agreed. She came over to my place a few days later, I opened a nice bottle of wine and we fucked. I felt like the luckiest man on earth with her long legs wrapped around me. I came too quickly but she told me it was fine.

I spent all the time I could with her after that. As a Financial Analyst I work long hours but I would take her out at least one night during the week and see her every weekend. We usually just fucked on the weekend when she would stay in my condo.

At 28 I have been quite successful and have a much nicer place than her. I'm not a super attractive guy. I stand 5'10" tall, have thick, reddish brown hair and fair skin. Not as slim or fit as I used to be but not overweight. I had a hard time keeping up with Vanessa though. Although she didn't work out much Vanessa seemed to have all kinds of energy. She was teaching me new positions and when I would finish, almost always quicker than I would like, she would be ready for 'round two' much quicker than I was. Often I fell asleep before I could go again.

I wanted to do something special for her, to make sure she knew how grateful I was that she was with me. Our 3 month anniversary was approaching so I bought her a 'friendship ring'. It was expensive, but I knew it would make a statement. When I gave it to her I knew I had surprised her, but then I saw the look of concern on her face.

"I...I don't want to..." she started.

My face went even whiter than normal. Was she telling me she didn't want to see me any more? I started to tell her how much I loved her, that I just wanted to show that, but she stopped me.

"I've been with another guy" she paused as I took this on then spoke quickly, "...other guys." She blurted out, "I..can't help it. I...love to fuck and...I can't control myself sometimes."

I could see she was having a hard time telling me this. I tried to process it all but when I saw the look of concern on her face I only wanted to comfort her. I took her in my arms and assured her that was okay. Vanessa seemed surprised.

"Really? It's ok? You...aren't going to mind?"

I hadn't really understood that she assumed she was going to continue to fuck another guy... guys?, but I nodded to reassure her.

"I know we can work it out. I love you. It's just important that we're honest with each other."

Vanessa's eyes were wet but she gave me a little smile. "Thank you. Well..then...I just needed you to know..." Vanessa took a breath and sighed. "That's what happened Thursday when I didn't answer your texts...I was with someone else."

I took this in, "Oh. Is he...are you serious?"

"No. Not at all." she sighed, paused and avoided my eyes, looking ashamed.

"You can tell me." I implored. "Please?"

Vaneesa looked up at me and seemed resigned to explain. "About that night? Well, after we closed the restaurant a bunch of us stayed and had some wine. We started to play some poker, just for fun. After about an hour Cindy and Jess had left and it was just me, Bobby and two other guys."

Vanessa was a hostess at a restaurant downtown. Cindy was the restaurant Manager, Bobby the Assistant Manager.

"One of the guys suggested we try strip poker, and Bobby agreed. I protested a little but I was pretty buzzed and you know I like to be one of the guys...so I agreed."

Vanessa's eyes darted a little as if considering how much she should tell me. "Are you sure you want to know?" I assured her and she continued.

"So...up to that point, I had been winning a lot but now it was like all the guys were really focused. I lost three hands in a row! The first two I just lost one shoe each time. The guys cheered even for that, and one of the guys, Rob, said what perfect feet I had. I...enjoyed the attention but when I lost the third in a row I got anxious. Since I don't wear a bra I would be exposing my tits to these guys if I took off my dress. I whined and I guess the guys were worried I would leave so they agreed to have me take off my jewelry on that round. Actually...they said they would take it off for me, so I suddenly had three guys around me. Bobby removed my bracelet. Rob took off ankle bracelet. He told me again how nice my feet were and kinda rubbed them. Maybe I should have stopped him."

I said nothing, waiting for her to finish. I was hard imagining her getting turned on by this.

"Well then Carlos..."

"Wait, Carlos was there?" I asked. Carlos was a 6'4" guy with a muscular build who worked as a busboy. I knew Vanessa thought he was hot.

"Yeah." she said looking down. "He...took off my necklace from behind. I could feel his breath in my ear and..."

Vanessa loved it when I kissed her ear so I could imagine she may have moaned.

"We did another round of shots, then we played another hand. I was quite drunk by now, but I tried hard to focus on the game. Bobby lost, took off a shoe. When Carlos lost the next hand he tried to take off his hat but I said no way. Then he took off his shirt." I could see Vanessa's face flush at the memory.

"I...lost the next hand so...I had to remove my dress. The three of them cheered as I stood up, unzipped it and let it drop to the floor. Then they were quiet for a moment as I sat back down, six eyes fixed on my tits. It was awkward and exciting, and then..."

Vanessa put her hands over her eyes, "then...Bobby saw that I was...wet through my panties and pointed it out. The guys cheered and I was so embarrassed. Bobby stroked my bare shoulder and apologized but of course feeling his hand on my skin just turned me on more. Carlos started to stroke my other arm, telling me it was 'all good'. Finally Rob started rubbing my feet and...I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation of three men touching me."

Vanessa bit her lip, then blinked, as if remembering I was there.

"Baby, are you sure you want to hear this?"

"Yes..." I answered quickly. ".I...want you to tell me."

"You...want to hear about your girlfriend with these guys?!" she said, with a little edge to her voice. She looked me in the eyes and seemed to sense how anxious I was for her to continue. She gave me a little smile and continued.

"Well, things moved kinda fast after that. I've kinda fooled around with Bobby before..."

I hadn't know that. Bobby was married.

"...and he started to cup my tit and...play with my nipple. Then Carlos started to kiss my shoulder, then my neck and...if felt really good."

I imagined my sweet Vanessa sitting there in just her panties with the fully dressed guys all taking advantage of her. I was rock hard.

"Mmmm...when Bobby started to suck my tit I laughed and pushed him away but when Carlos started to suck the other one...I moaned and...I let him."

"I was shy about how good it felt but I couldn't help it. I pulled Carlos closer to me and he sucked harder around my nipple...biting a little. When I felt Bobby reaching to pull down my panties I...didn't stop him...I...lifted my ass."

"I closed my eyes because I was too shy to look at the guys. I felt fingers enter me...then Carlos whispered, 'Is this ok baby?'. I nodded and felt him get on top of me. I had ever been fucked in front of two guys before, but I desperately wanted him to take me. I always love the moment I feel a guy push into me. Carlos has a huge cock, so it hurt, but it felt sooooo good. At first he was almost gentle, but then he started to push in harder, deep inside me. I opened my eyes and saw him looking down at me, and I moaned loudly."

"'You like that baby?' he asked confidently. I said yes but he asked again. 'I love it!' I answered. 'I'm yours...fuck me Carlos.'"

Vanessa stopped, "You're really sure you want to hear this?"

I was so immersed in her tale that I had forgotten how improper it all was. "Yes...please tell me."

Vanessa looked me right in the eyes and I melted a little. She gave me a shy smile and continued, "Well, you know I like it a bit rough. Carlos was...much rougher than you. He lifted me up and turned me over so I was on all fours. I was looking right at Bobby, naked with my ass raised but I didn't mind. He already knew I was a slut."

I looked down. It hurt a little hearing Vanessa call herself that, but I was also really turned on. I felt Vanessa squeeze my cock and looked up to see her big eyes looking directly into mine.

"Bobby and Rob could see me...your girlfriend, giving herself to Carlos completely...begging him to fuck her more." Vanessa was stroking me through my pants. "Carlos pushed back inside me and started to pound me. I could hear him slapping into my ass and it felt so good when he went deep inside me."

Vanessa stopped stroking, and instead took my hand and guided it up her skirt. She was soaking wet. I could see the look of lust in her eyes. She reached over and grabbed my hair. I thought for a moment she was going to kiss me, but she pulled my face down into her pussy. I slid off her panties and started to lick, with more urgency than I ever had before.. I imagined that Carlos had been fucking it not that long ago.

"Rob...started filming us. I didn't even mind, I smiled at the camera. Carlos pulled out, turned me around and slapped my face with his big cock calling me names. Mmmmm..." I wasn't sure if it was the memory or my licking that was turning her on but she started to cum. "Ommmphhh..." she pulled my face into her so I couldn't even breathe. When she finished she continued with a softer voice, "I sucked his cock gratefully. It turned me on that the guys were seeing what a good cocksucker I am. I knew it would be different at the restaurant after this but I didn't care...I just wanted to please Carlos. I looked up at him and could see he was going to cum so I stopped and looked up at him. I raised my ass for Bobby and told him he should spank me like a bad girl. He swatted me hard and called me a slut."

Vanessa moaned again then continued, " I started to stroke Carlos' cock in front of my face while Bobby spanked me and Rob filmed it all. Finally Carlos shot warm jizz all over my face. I had never felt so slutty and so hot. I actually thought of you and wondered what you would think if you saw me like that."

She pulled my hair and yanked me away from her pussy, "but you love it don't you? You love it now that you know your girlfriend is such a slut?"

I couldn't find any words but she squeezed my rock hard cock again and I nodded and grunted.

"Yeah...yeah you do. Now jack that off for me while you imagine those guys taking advantage of your girlfriend like that."

As I pulled out my cock I watched her slip the ring on her finger. I was so proud she was my girl.
