Summer Days Epilogue
byBrazenHorse©

"Oh my God I feel like I'm gonna explode!" Ashley rubbed her stomach as she settled into the passenger seat of Justin's Volvo.

"That dessert was amazing," he added.

As he pulled out of the parking lot of the new gastropub that opened not far from their house, the two held hands as they ventured the short distance home. It was the final night of a very busy summer for them and a perfect way to end it.

It was only the third time they treated themselves on a "date night" since Anna was born. That is, if you count the two weddings they attended as date nights. Ashley struggled anytime she had to part with her beautiful baby girl as her mind was constantly filled with worries and fears. Justin, on the other hand, had been pushing Ashley to take a breather. They needed it not only for their own mental health, but for the health of their marriage as well.

They were both thirty and happily married for three years. But the road to their union wasn't always a smooth one. After a summer filled with exciting sexual escapades involving things neither of them ever dreamed of doing, they went their separate ways when Ashley went back to College. Aside from a few graphic text exchanges and flirty phone calls, they largely led separate lives.

But soon after college, as they both ventured into true adulthood, it became clear they were more interested in a real relationship. After dating on and off through most of their twenties, they finally admitted to one another that they were meant to be together. Permanently.

Anna was born almost nine months ago to the day. She was a sweet little bundle of joy and they both loved her very much. But the immense stress brought on by raising a baby had put a massive strain on their love life.

"You know I love you right?" Ashley asked with her bright blue, dreamy eyes glistening at Justin as he focused on the road.

He turned to her just long enough to smile warmly before turning back to the road. "I know. I do too." He reached over and caressed her back.

"It's really late. Later than I thought."

"Yeah," Justin agreed. "We probably overstayed our welcome, huh? I got the hint when the servers started putting away the chairs."

"Christina should just stay over. She shouldn't be driving home this late. It's too dark."

Justin sighed. He was hoping tonight he could have a little alone time with Ashley. But felt it was probably best to allow his stepmother to shack up in the guest room.

"Living room lights are still on," said Justin as he pulled into the driveway. "She must still be up."

Ashley opened the front door slowly as it had a tendency to creak loudly. "Hi!!" she whispered as she tiptoed her way into the living room.

"Hey guys! How was dinner!?" Christina sat up on the couch.

"Shhh!" Ashley held her finger up to her mouth. "Is she asleep?"

Christina lowered her voice. "Oh my goodness. That baby is out, sweetheart. She's a really great sleeper."

"Did you guys have fun?" Justin asked as he headed for the kitchen.

"Of course we did! We made fart noises, we lied on our backs, I walked her around the first floor!" Christina was clearly thrilled to get to spend time with her granddaughter. Ashley and Justin were both happy to have her around for the help.

"Listen Mom," Justin called out to her from the kitchen. He had a tendency to sometimes call her 'Mom.'

"We're gonna have you sleep here since it's late. The guest room's all made up. That cool?"

"Oh don't be silly, sweetheart. I can go home. Your father will be worried anyways."

Justin came back into the living room carrying a wine bottle and three glasses. "We have red wine. You're staying," he smiled as he lined them up on the coffee table. Never being one to argue, Christina relented and plopped back on the couch.

"I guess George will be fine." She'd be staying over tonight.

--------------------------

Ashley was laughing so hard, she was keeled over in her chair. Two empty wine bottles and a third open one were on the coffee table along with the baby monitor showing Anna sleeping soundly upstairs.

"Oh my God, I can't believe I forgot about that. Justin, you wore that bikini like all night I remember!"

"He wouldn't take it off! It was like his new favorite outfit!" Christina laughed.

"Ok, ok, ok, guys. Relax. I was thirteen, ok? Sheesh."

"A thirteen year old, already into cross dressing. What times we were living in," Ashley said as she smiled at her embarrassed husband.

"I can remember turning to George thinking 'is this normal?' And then looking at you act so casual the rest of the day with Ashley's bikini on. And your little pecker stuffed in the bottom."

Everyone laughed at Justin's expense. Even he couldn't help but crack up thinking how weird that must have been to see.

"Yeah that would probably pose an issue for you nowadays, huh?" Ashley joked, hinting at something everyone in the room knew very well.

"Oh my goodness, Ashley! Stop!" Christina keeled over as she laughed.

"Ha. Yeah I guess my crossdressing days are behind me," Justin added.

"Oh my, oh my. We sure had some fun summers as a gang, didn't we?" Christina asked as she leaned forward and poured another glass of wine.

"You could say that again. Probably none like the one before our Senior year though," Ashley hinted about one particular summer that everyone couldn't possibly forget. It was then that things got a little uncomfortable. Justin felt the conversation shifting towards an all too familiar subject.

"Gosh. How could I forget that?" Christina recollected. "The summer we all discovered it," she announced, making a lewd reference to Justin's endowment.

"Yes!" Ashley liked where this was headed. Even though she and Justin's sex life had taken a back seat during the last year, she remained a healthy, horny woman and had only recently felt the desire to bring some spice back in their lives. "I'll never forget that. Justin, you must think about those times a lot, huh?"

Justin raised his eyebrows. "Yeah, well... that was, uhh... that was quite the summer."

Just then Christina started laughing so hard, she spit out her wine, catching it in her hand before it hit the carpet. Ashley and Justin looked at each other, smiling, anxious to hear what Christina was laughing about. "What?" Ashley eagerly waited for Christina to stop laughing.

"I can just--" she laughed again. "Oh my God, I can just see the look on Colleen's face when you--" she cracked up again.

But everyone knew what she was talking about. The particular incident as well as many others that summer burned a hole in their memories forever. Ashley nodded. "The charcuterie board."

"Ahh, the ol' salami imposter," Justin added. A familiar tingle was felt in his crotch.

It was impossible to forget. The way Justin casually walked out of the kitchen carrying a cutting board garnished with delicious meats and cheeses. But none more delicious than his seven inch flaccid penis, resting comfortably between salami and prosciutto. The look on Colleen's face, Ashley's conservative mother, when she first discovered the healthy phallus was one for the ages.

Justin's comment only fueled Christina's laughing spell even more as she keeled over, bright red, and reaching a painful level from her chuckling. This gave Justin an opportunity to look her up and down as she leaned over. Even at fifty-two, she looked good. Old age had largely spared her as she remained in shape. That's not to say some wrinkles had found their way to her as she grew older, but none so much as a few faint ones under her eyes. She was still very beautiful, almost sexy Justin conceded.

"This, this is too much, guys," Christina finally said as she calmed down. "What a summer. What an incredible time we all had."

"Justin especially," Ashley said as she took another sip. Justin could tell easily she was getting frisky. "So there was me. My sister. My Mom. Dana..." she stuck out a finger for each person before pausing, looking over. "Christina?" she asked as she held out her thumb, indicating number 5.

"No, no, no," said Christina, shaking her head. "We may have crossed into brand new territory that summer, but never quite marked that one off the list, did we Justin?"

"Not that I can recall," he added, unsure at first if he did indeed have sex with his stepmother.

"Hey, how is Dana actually?" Ashley asked, changing the subject much to Justin's disappointment.

"Oh she's great. She's married again, in fact. Some guy she had known for years and reconnected with. Kind of like you two."

"That's nice to hear. I always liked her," Ashley said as everyone likely pictured the same thing: Dana getting pounded into an oblivion by Justin on Christina's bed while everyone watched.

"Justin do you remember just kind of hanging around naked that summer while we both wore our clothes?" Ashley asked, quizzically. "I don't even know how that started, but I remember thinking it was so cool."

"I do. That was kinda crazy huh?"

"Not only that, but you would have this super massive boner ALL the time. That's what I remember about that summer. It was your ability to maintain an erection almost on demand," Christina described the group dynamic in graphic detail. "To be young again... Now you're realizing what it's like reaching old age."

"I wouldn't go that far, Christina," Ashley responded. "We still have our moments. Justin still has it to be honest."

Christina laughed out loud. "I know honey. I know he still has it. I can't imagine it would fall off."

"No, no! I mean he can still... you know... Stay hard on command."

Justin's tingle in his pants had transformed into a growing erection. He always wondered if he might experience another event like that summer ten years ago. Everyone was drunk and getting giddy. Any sound judgement was heading out the door.

"Oh can you, now?" Christina asked, to Justin directly. The wine clearly had an effect.

He nodded and grinned. "I still got it, guys... Now excuse me while I go check on Anna." Justin left for Anna's room, while Christina and Ashley stayed back. The real reason he left so abruptly was because he was sensing an erection coming on quickly and wanted to quell it.

As soon as he was out of sight, Christina turned to Ashley. "You're being bad tonight, Ashley dear."

She smiled as she took a sip of wine. "It's all in fun. But I really did enjoy that summer."

"That makes both of us," Christina said as she reminisced about seeing her step son naked. "He's got a gift. That part is certain."

"Do you want to see it again?" Ashley cut right to the chase. It was obvious they both wanted to see his penis. "I can ask him to show it. I bet he will."

"Tonight? Here? But Ashley, sweetie. This isn't like ten years ago. You two are married. You have a beautiful little baby. We can't be doing that anymore."

"What's the harm? Let's just have him show it off. I still get a kick out of it, even to this day."

Christina thought about the offer in silence. She did want to see it. Who wouldn't? But she wasn't sure if this was an appropriate thing to do. As if that word had any merit anymore in their lives.

Justin could be heard tiptoeing across the upstairs hall on his way back down. Christina looked at Ashley and offered a simple nod, indicating yes. She'd like to see it again.

"She's out cold. Sleeping well tonight," Justin announced as he poured a glass of wine and sat down. He looked around the room as each woman was staring at him. "Is it something I said?"

"Justin. Can you show your dick like you did that summer?"

Christina burst out laughing as Ashley did too.

"Ok, ok but seriously" Ashley said as she regained composure. "Can you whip it out? We both want to see it."

"Where did this come from?" Justin asked, confused but very much aroused by the request.

"Guilty," Christina raised her hand. "I started it."

Justin looked at his step mother. She still looked so cute and sexy as she smiled across the room at him. No part of his conscience could say 'no' to this proposal. "This is what you guys want?"

Ashley nodded, enthusiastically. "Let's take a trip down memory lane!"

"Ok, fine. Should we?" Justin pointed to the couch.

"Oh! Good idea. Yes, yes. Over here," Ashley walked over and sat on one end of the couch while Christina shifted to the other. Justin happily walked over and sat between them both. The women each faced him, folded their legs up, and clutched their wine glasses. Eager for the show to begin.

"So just take it out?"

"Mmm hmm," Ashley nodded.

Justin proceeded to unbuckle his pants and unzip his fly. He pulled his jeans down revealing tight, spandex compression briefs.

"Still wearing those tight briefs, are you?" Christina asked, remembering his preference from years ago.

"Gotta keep it contained." Justin wore the special boxer briefs for the sole purpose of reducing a visible bulge from his oversized genitals.

"And his two friends," Ashley joked, making reference to the fact that not only was Justin's penis massive, but his balls were too.

The moment had arrived and Justin wasted no time pulling his underwear down. Before anyone could react, his cock had flung out, sleepily hanging across his thigh while he silently pulled his briefs down to his ankles. He sat back on the couch and put both arms up on the back. All eyes were on his cock.

"That's... that's umm... yup that's exactly how I remembered it," said Christina as she struggled to find the right words. "My Lord, Justin."

Ashley laughed, getting a kick out of Christina as she reached over and picked up the heavy cock in her dainty hand. "Right? Ten years and I'm still impressed too."

She placed it back down, this time between his legs. "He's sleepy though," she said in a soft voice as she softly pet the shaft with her fingers. "Sound asleep like a little baby."

"I forgot how big it is when it's soft. Not like we saw much of this that summer," Christina commented as she openly stared at her stepson's penis.

"No, you're absolutely right. It's impressive even without doing anything. I swear sometimes he gets out of the shower and I have to just stop and stare while he's getting dressed. It flip flops everywhere, impossible to contain."

Justin entertained the women by picking his penis up and swinging it around as if it were a lasso. They got a kick out of this, giggling as he used it to slap each of his muscular thighs. He swung it in a circle again before placing it back down between his legs.

"I'm having flashbacks to when I shaved you. Do you remember that? You got so worked up I had to jerk you off in the shower."

"Like it was yesterday."

"Gosh, there was so much cum. I can remember just watching in horror with how much you shot out!" Christina remarked as she visualized a distant, but vivid memory.

"He still does, Christina! Justin, tell her about the time last year when we were in San Diego," said Ashley as she crossed her leg and sipped her wine.

"Huh?" asked Justin. "Ohh! Yeah I remember that. Ha! That was funny."

"What happened?" asked Christina. Justin noticed her gaze rarely left his penis and he was completely ok with that.

"We booked a place down there, kind of a staycation type of thing before Anna was born. And we decided to get couples massages at this place. Well, after it was over they led us to a shower area where we can both get in together. And we're in there... umm..." Justin paused.

"You know your penis is exposed right now, right? And none of this is new to me by now?" Christina teased him as he hesitated with the story.

Justin smirked. "You're right. Well, anyways. So we're kind of messing around a bit. And before long one of the ladies that worked there comes in to refill the soap dispensers. She must have not known we were in there because she opens the door and just sees Ashley, on her knees, sucking my dick."

"I was literally blowing him and he friggin jizzes as she's looking at us!"

"Oh my gosh you guys!" Christina covered her mouth in shock.

"Yeah," said Jusitn. "Not good. But, I'm in the middle of it so what am I gonna do, stop? I can't! So she shrieks and runs off and I just keep cumming."

"That's so funny!" said Christina.

"No, no, it gets better," Ashley said, holding her hand up. "Just wait."

Justin nodded. "Yeah so we're doing our thing, right. And my orgasms last a while sometimes--"

"You don't have to remind me, honey!"

"Ha, right. So I'm cumming everywhere, like... everywhere while Ashley's just laughing. Then she comes back in, this time with two other women who work there. And they're all talking in Spanish to one another. Pointing to my dick. Saying 'muy grande' and 'mucho mucho' and laughing to one another. It was so hilarious!"

All three of them cracked up laughing at the funny encounter. The story sort of put things in perspective for everyone. Justin's penis was a point of fascination everywhere he went. It's incredible size begged for attention from women. Including the two on either side tonight.

"It really screams for attention. Like, you can't even look away from it," Christina commented as she blatantly stared at his resting cock. "I guess I did kinda miss this little guy."

"Little?" asked Ashley, to which everyone chuckled.

"Didn't we measure you, sweetie?" Christina asked as she tilted her head to get a better angle.

"It's ten and a half. It still is when he's hard. Shit, it's maybe even bigger these days. Justin, can we get it hard?" she asked with a sweet and sexy smile. Justin was hoping for some action tonight, but had no idea this would be the way he gets it. But he wasn't about to deny any of it.

"Sure!" he cheerfully said as he picked up his cock.

"Wait," said Christina as she had other plans. "I wanna feel it fill up." She reached over and took hold of his warm penis in her hand. "Gosh it's so heavy," she said as she slowly started to fondle and caress him with the goal of producing another famous erection.

Justin sighed audibly. The sensation of Christina's cold hand on his penis rushed through his body, sparking memories of many years ago during that magical summer. Christina could do nothing but smile as she watched pleasure mount across his face. She bit her bottom lip as she focused on bringing him more arousal.

"Wow," said Justin. Ashley beamed from his other side, happy to see him feel good. She lovingly caressed his thigh as she watched Christina jerk him off.

"Does this feel nice?" she broke her gaze momentarily to see Justin's look of pure euphoria. "I can feel it gushing as you get harder. Look how big it is already!"

Ashley knew this dick better than she knew her own hand. Yet every time she watched him go from soft to hard, she was equally impressed. As if it was the first time. "So thick, right?"

"Right. And look, he still has more room to grow! I need two hands," Christina said as she brought her other hand to his cock, stroking both in unison.

By now, Justin had almost reached his full length. Precum drizzled out his tip, providing Christina ample natural lubricant. She bore down, gritting her teeth as she pumped long and concentrated strokes, up and down.

"Ok," she said as she paused, holding his base with one hand. "I think you're there!"

Ashley tested by grabbing hold, just above Christina's hand. "Oh yeah. He's there. How's that feel, babe?"

Justin looked at her, speechless, as if to say 'what do you think?' Ashley giggled. "How bad do you need to cum right now?" She knew him better than anyone.

"I could cum a fountain," Justin remarked completely honestly. He likely could.

"Now?" asked Christina. "I don't want to mess up your beautiful living room." Christina subtly reminded everyone she was well aware of the giant mess Justin was capable of creating.

"No, look," said Ashley as she reached over and peeled Justin's t-shirt away from his body, creating a makeshift tent. "We always do this and then he just goes and changes. It's a little trick I discovered when I was sick of cleaning up his cum!"

"Clever," Christina nodded as if Ashley had just solved a puzzle. "You'll have to help me when we get to that point." She then turned to Justin. "Are we getting to that point, Justin?"

He could only nod, affirmatively. The time was near.

"Ooo, ooo, ok, ok. Ashley, help!" Christina said as she used two hands to coax an orgasm out of Justin's rock hard penis. Ashley quickly pulled Justin's t-shirt up so far that he couldn't see what was happening. But he could feel every powerful sensation.

As Ashley held his shirt up and Christina yanked on his throbbing cock, the first hint of cum came dripping out. "It's starting!" Ashley observed.

Christina paused, holding both hands tightly around the base of his shaft. She was so excited to see what she had thought about frequently for the past decade. Her own stepson's orgasm.

Justin didn't make a sound. He closed his eyes tightly even though neither woman could see his face. He felt his dick pulse under pressure and knew it would be a gusher.

Time stood still. What seemed like a minute of nothing happening was in fact only a few short seconds. "Are you gonna cu--"

"Ahhhhh!" shouted Justin as he fired a strong rope of spunk up into his t-shirt, plastering his chest.

"There we go!" shouted Christina as she quickly resumed stroking the spewing pole. "Ohhh good boy! Look at that."

Justin's legs shook as his cock pulsed over and over again, spraying the inside of his t-shirt with a remarkable amount of cum. His moans turned to groans and even whimpers as he worked his way through a powerful orgasm.

"That's it baby, get it all out," Ashley said softly as she rubbed his shoulder. Both women leaned in to watch him ejaculate a seemingly never ending supply.

"Oh my word, he's feeling this one, huh?"

Ashley couldn't help but nod emphatically. It was an abnormally long orgasm, even for Justin.

"Ahhhhhhhh, FUCK," said Justin, almost angrily. But everyone knew he was far from angry.

"We done?" asked Christina, leaning in to get a closer look. But just as she did so, another final thick blast came pouring out. She dodged it just in time, letting it land on top of the already massive pool dripping down Justin's stomach.

Ashley slowly lowered Justin's t-shirt, trapping his huge cock against his belly in a puddle of his own cum. It started to seep through the t-shirt creating a sticky, wet mess all over his chest and stomach. His still hard cock was clearly visible against the thin cotton.

"Oh my goodness," Christina laughed. "Look at this mess!"

Justin finally got a glimpse as he looked down at his trapped cock under his shirt. "That was a fuck ton."

Ashley laughed as she rubbed his shoulder. "Yes it was!" she agreed.

"I can't believe you STILL cum this much even ten years later. You're like a porn star or something. It's really amazing."

Justin laid his head back and closed his eyes. "Thanks. That was incredible."

Christina rested her hand on his penis over his shirt. She gave it a gentle squeeze. "Softening?" she asked. Justin had started to retract to his flaccid state.

"He can't stay hard after cumming like he used to when we were younger. Old age I guess," Ashley explained.

Justin opened his eyes and glared at her. "Hey! I may need some recharge, but I can go again just like back then."

Ashley laughed. "You're right, you're right. Nothing wrong with a little recharge."

Justin looked down. "God, look at this. I'm soaked. I need to go change." His softened cock was still abundantly large, trapped tightly underneath his wet t-shirt. Justin tapped it lightly to gauge how soaked it was.

"Sweetheart, just take your shirt off. Use that clean up. Then wha-la! Done!" Christina offered an easy solution.

"Then what? Sit here with no clothes on?"

Ashley burst out laughing. "I've seen this movie before!"

It was true. The two women had spent plenty of time hanging around with Justin naked. It had just been many years since that happened.

"Is that ok?" he looked at Christina for approval.

"Don't look at me. You know I don't have an issue with that. I just jerked you off for chrissakes, sweetie!"

With permission, Justin slowly peeled off his shirt, careful not to make a mess on the couch or anywhere else. He balled it up and used it as a sort of sponge to wipe the remaining ejaculate from his cock and stomach. The women watched, sipping wine like it was a show.

"Alrighty. I think I got it all," he said satisfied with his work. "Now what?"

"You already said it. Recharge time!" Ashley announced.

----------------------------

The sheer comfortability of Justin being naked while both women remained clothed rushed back into the air, as if it was that infamous summer again. They chit-chatted, drank wine, and laughed with one another. All the while, Justin sat naked, displaying his monstrous cock for all to gaze upon.

Anna slept soundly upstairs while the three of them enjoyed themselves. They moved the party to the back patio so as not to disturb the baby.

Justin and Ashley sat on the outdoor loveseat while Christina sat in a chair facing them. A small table was positioned in the middle, housing their wine glasses.

"The doctor said it was most likely teething. Nothing to worry about," Ashley said. Recently, Anna was having crying fits for seemingly no reason.

"I married George when Justin was already six. So I unfortunately don't have much advice for you on that front, honey."

"Oh, don't worry about it. You've been so helpful around here, Christina. We really do appreciate it."

"Yeah Mom. We don't know what we'd do without you," added Justin.

The conversation would have been a completely normal husband, wife, and mother-in-law interaction if it wasn't for the fact that Justin was completely naked with an abnormally large soft penis hanging across his leg. And to make it more apparent, Ashley would periodically caress it, not calling attention to the act, just doing it out of convenience.

During a lull in the conversation, Christina took notice of Ashley petting his cock while she looked around the backyard. "Recharged yet?" she asked.

Ashley turned to her. "Hmm?"

Christina nodded towards his cock.

"Ohh!" Ashley picked it up and squeezed it. "What do you think, honey? I'd say you've had enough time."

"More than enough. I could get hard for sure," Justin said, placing his hand next to Ashley's. As if they rehearsed the maneuver, they both jointly stroked his cock as it immediately began filling with blood with every beat of his heart.

"Teamwork," commented Christina. She had a perfect vantage point as she watched Justin grow another powerful erection.

"Welcome back!" Ashley said cheerfully to his penis as she ran a finger through her blonde hair, tucking it behind her ear. She leaned in and kissed the tip softly and sensually. Justin moaned from the sensation.

"Feel good?" she asked eagerly before leaning in again, taking his swollen head into her warm, wet mouth.

Justin groaned again, running his hands through Ashley's hair. He spread his legs out, getting comfortable.

This time Ashley didn't slow down. She held on with her hand while taking a few inches of his thick shaft into her mouth. She swirled her tongue around the tip of his cock, sending shockwaves of arousal throughout his body.

Christina sat directly in front of them in the best seat for the action. She watched as Ashley effortlessly worked her way down his shaft, inch by inch, until half of the ten and a half inch beast was inside her mouth. She noticed Justin's scrotum flexed, lifting his heavy balls up in the air with each muscle movement.

Ashley went deeper, nearly reaching three quarters of the way down. "My God Ashley," said Christina, amazed at her abilities. "Would you look at this?"

Ashley didn't stop. She used one hand to position the base, resting her fingertips on his balls, while she pushed her mouth further down. She couldn't get it all in, but she put in a herculean effort in doing so. She then slid her mouth all the way up the shaft and released him with a loud pop. She gasped for air and wiped her mouth while starting to stroke him with her hands.

Christina clapped. "Well done, sister!"

Justin laughed. "She's a pro after all these years."

"You almost got all of him in your mouth!" Christina remarked.

"Almost," said Ashley while stroking her man. "Gave it a good shot, that's for sure."

"When was the last time you did that to him?" asked Christina, curiously. Ashley turned to Justin to think about the question. "Was it San Diego?" she asked, facing Justin while continuing to jerk him off. He nodded. "I think it was."

"From that story? That was over a year ago! You two need to spend more time on each other!" Christina commented. "A healthy sex life means healthy marriage, never forget that."

As Ashley stroked Justin, she nodded, agreeing with Christina's advice. She was right. Ashley and Justin probably had not spent enough time ensuring their marriage was still strong after having the baby. What better time than now to fix that.

Without saying anything, Ashley resumed blowing Justin, this time she focused on giving him pleasure rather than just trying to fit as much as she could. She masterfully stroked and sucked at the same time. While Justin moaned in delight, bobbing her head up and down with his hand, Christina crossed her leg, drank her wine and enjoyed the show.

As time went on, Ashley's mouth began wandering north. She licked Justin's abs from his pubic area all the way up to his chest. She stroked his cock affectionately while repositioning herself so that she was now straddling him.

Justin moved to take her shirt off, but paused. "Is this ok?"

Instead of responding, Ashley released his dick and took her shirt off herself, revealing her big, beautiful, round natural breasts cradled in a sexy black bra.

Christina studied Ashley's back. Lined with muscles, her fit and trim physique did not resemble a woman in her thirties who had just given birth. Ashley was naturally beautiful without having to try very hard. She watched as Justin's big hands worked their way around Ashley's back, stopping at her bra. He effortlessly unclasped it, freeing her large orbs for him to stick his face in.

Christina alternated her crossed legs and took a sip. She studied the underside of her stepson's massive cock as nestled against Ashley's lower back. His balls were tight, scrunching up in his scrotum like a vacuum-sealed bag.

Out of view from Christina, Justin frantically unbuttoned Ashley's pants, digging his hand into her soaking wet panties. He felt her vagina and knew right away she was aching for him to fuck her. They made out, practically devouring each other's face. Ashley breathed heavily through her nose as Justin rubbed and soothed her aching pussy.

He slowly pushed her off his lap so that he could pull her pants down. In doing so, he also yanked her panties off, showing off her perfectly shaped ass to Christina behind them. As Ashley stepped out of her pants around her ankles, Christina caught a glimpse of her puffy, wet labia. Just as she had remembered from years past.

Ashley resumed straddling Justin, this time taking his cock in her hand and slowly guiding it to her waiting hole. She had to get up off her knees and move to more of a squatting position due to the sheer height of his cock, but once it penetrated her, she was able to get more comfortable.

Once the head slipped in, she shot her head back, closed her eyes and moaned loudly. It was so loud, in fact, that Christina looked around the yard and glanced at the baby monitor afterwards.

"Mmmmmm, fuck. God, you feel so good babe. You feel so good."

Justin held on to her slim waist as he helped guide her down onto his penis, making sure to go nice and slow. Over the years, he had become a master at being patient. Ashley was not exactly over accommodating in her crotch, so there was always the need to adjust.

As if Christina wasn't even there, they began to fuck. In time, the two lovebirds struck a rhythm. Justin was bouncing his pelvis up while Ashley held onto his shoulders while rocking back and forth. Her moans escalated faster and louder as she was able to slide more and more of his massive dick inside.

From Christina's viewpoint, she could see every detail of Justin's shaft, three quarters of the way inside Ashley. He was thrusting so hard, his pink balls would continually slap Ashley's tight ass as the two of them fucked like rabid monkeys. The rhythmic slapping was so loud, it humorously filled the air across the whole backyard.

Christina was no doubt aroused herself. She and George always maintained a healthy sexual relationship together, but nothing as profoundly erotic as what she was witnessing right in front of her. And he wasn't nearly as big as his son. She could feel herself becoming wet with arousal. Her heart beat rapidly and breathing increased. She desperately wanted to dig a hand into her crotch, but contained herself for now. She took a sip of wine to try and quell her nerves.

In no time, Ashley's first orgasm arrived. She froze in place, with Justin's cock nearly entirely buried in her, before shooting her head back and screaming. She stifled it with her hand, but it was still extremely loud. "Oh my God, Justin! Oh my God! Fuck!" she cried out in a sort of desperate whine. "I'm cumming! I'm fucking cumming, baby!"

Justin didn't have to do much as he watched his wife trek through an intense orgasm. He couldn't remember the last time he saw this. Perhaps it was a few months before their daughter was born when Ashley went through the "horny" stage of pregnancy.

As Ashley started to relax, she put her head on Justin's shoulder, closed her eyes, and cracked up laughing. Justin and Christina laughed too while his hard dick was still buried inside.

"Yeah?" asked Justin as he pushed Ashley out just far enough that they could make eye contact with one another.

"Fuck yes," she said before kissing him passionately.

Christina loved watching this. She stared happily at her stepson's dick, comfortably penetrated entirely into Ashley as they kissed each other like the perfect married couple. She was overjoyed with happiness.

But that changed quickly in an instant.

Suddenly, a high-pitched squeal erupted from the baby monitor on the table. Ashley quickly snapped out of it, climbed off Justin and ran over to the screen.

Anna was awake and crying.

"Oh my God! I need to go check on her!"

"Now?" asked Justin, holding hard, soaking wet cock.

Ashley darted away, completely naked, and went inside. Christina watched her run off with a concerned look on her face. She turned back to Justin. "Do you want me to go help?"

He waved his hand, dismissively. "No. no. It's good. She's been doing this. Ash is gonna just rock with her a bit. She's gonna be ok."

"I feel bad. You two have fun, I should go take care of her."

"Mom, no. Believe me. It's ok. Anna just wants to be held by Ashley. They're ok."

Out of respect, Christina decided to let them be parents and not try and interfere. But now, the situation was extremely strange. As Ashley went upstairs to calm the baby, Justin sat across from her with an achingly hard erection that didn't seem to die down one bit. Aware of this, Justin stroked his cock mindlessly as the two of them waited for Ashley.

After at least ten minutes and some awkward small talk, it became clear that Ashley would be a while. "Everything ok up there?" asked Christina. Justin glanced at the monitor. "Yep, she's wide awake though. I think Ashley's just gonna try and get her to go back down."

"Looks like something else needs to go back down too," said Christina. She couldn't resist.

Justin cracked up laughing and in the process realized he was still holding his cock. He let it go, but couldn't ignore the fact that he was still rock hard and incredibly horny. "Well now. This is awkward isn't it?"

Christina keeled over laughing, happy to be letting it out after several minutes of an uncomfortable situation. "I see you're not going anywhere are you, young man?" she teasingly asked his penis.

"Nope!" Justin answered as he wagged his cock at her playfully.

"Ahh, jeez louise," Christina sighed as she looked at his cock. "It's big, huh? I can't believe Ashley took that all."

"It definitely takes some adjusting, but she can. I'm telling ya, she's a pro."

"Indeed she is. And good for you honey for pleasuring her so well. She was really into it!"

"Over the years, I've learned how to wield this thing. It's a lot harder having one like this than people lead you to believe," Justin said as he took hold of his shaft again.

"It's unlike one I've ever seen. That's for damn sure."

"Really? So... is my Dad like this?"

"Oh dear! Absolutely not. Haven't I told you that? He's not even close, honey."

"How big is his then?"

Christina thought about it while staring at Justin's cock. "Come here." She leaned forward in her chair as Justin stood up and walked over in front of her. She picked up his dick in her hand and studied it closely. "See... about.... Here. See here? That's your father."

Christina pointed to a point on Justin's dick about five inches up from the base. "You're two of him, Justin!" She then casually stroked his dick as he stood in front of her. It was inches from her face.

"You're still dripping, honey. Look. Look at all that precum!"

"I need to cum so bad. I was just getting there when Anna cried."

Christina continued to jerk him off in long strokes, careful not to set anything off. She spoke to him while looking at his cock. "I can't believe after all we've been through, I never tried this. Allll the other girls that summer did."

"Tried what?" Justin asked.

Christina stopped stroking him and looked up. "To take you inside."

Justin was shocked. He didn't know how to respond. The truth of the matter was, he never thought that was something Christina even wanted to entertain. She was his step mother after all. If it were up to Justin, he would have done so in a heartbeat, but he figured he guessed incorrectly.

"Mom... I... I didn't know you wanted to."

She again looked up at him. This time displaying a very serious and stern look. "Please don't call me that honey. Not when I'm about to do what I'm about to do."

After that, she slowly and sexily took her shirt and bra off, revealing her perky medium sized tits. She casually pinched her nipples, before reaching down and unbuttoning her pants. She moved swiftly and flexibly even at her age. As Justin watched her undress, he thought to himself how her body could easily be confused with that of a twenty-five year old.

Christina dropped her pants and underwear, kicking them aside. She revealed a rather thick, dark brown bush above her vagina. She sat back in her chair, put her hand over her crotch and spread her legs. She then looked up at Justin, covering herself with one hand. "Once. Once just so I know the feeling. Then never again."

Justin nodded obediently. After knowing this beautiful woman for twenty plus years, he would finally know what it's like to feel her from the inside. He clutched his cock and bent down, supporting himself with one hand on the back of the chair.

Christina placed her free hand on his chest, preventing him from getting any closer. "Slow. You have to go slow and gentle. I'm not like Ashley, I can guarantee you that." 

Justin nodded to show he understood. Once satisfied, Christina slowly removed the hand that was obstructing her pussy, revealing her pink, soft, lips giving way to her wet and delicious cunt.

Getting the head in was not exactly an easy feat. With Ashley, it slipped in immediately, but Christina's opening was far less accommodating at first. Justin rubbed it ever so slightly across her vagina, hoping to find an opportunity to get in.

Christina leaned her head forward and watched. She rubbed her clit slowly, working up her arousal and getting the juices flowing. She stared at his massively large erection, asking herself how in the world such a thing would fit inside her.

"Is it gonna fit?" she asked, concerned. It didn't appear like it was possible given the vast size of his penis against her tiny snatch.

But Justin expertly remained patient. Taking his time and being gentle with his approach. And his patience paid off as his giant, fat cock head finally slipped inside Christina. She moaned at first penetration, clutching Justin's arms and forming an 'o' with her mouth. She remained leaning forward as she watched him slowly advance.

"Oh my God, sweetie. Oh my good God, you're big."

"I'll be careful I promise. Try and relax."

Christina moved her hands to Justin's toned stomach, pinching his abdominal muscles, trying to grasp anything as she braced for further penetration.

Justin sensed an opportunity and advanced his cock another inch inside.

Christina responded. "Ohhhhhh!!!!!!" she screamed. It was pleasure, not pain. Her body sent shivers of arousal everywhere from her head to her dainty toes as she closed her eyes in pure ecstasy. "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. YES! Yes! Fuck yes Justin!"

She was so wet now, her vagina was easily welcoming more of Justin. He pressed on, pushing another three, maybe four inches inside her. His cock ventured into brand new territory as it became acquainted with Christina's tight, wet, pussy.

In no time, three fourths of his ten inch cock were planted deep inside his step mother.

"Oh! Oh! Fuck! Yes! So deep! You're so fucking deep!"

Justin rocked back and forth as he slid against Christina. Their bodies fit perfectly together as they had passionate, erotic sex. Despite nearly cumming a moment ago, Justin was able to hold it in for at least ten minutes as he sent Christina in and out of three strong orgasms.

Justin could sense she was going to cum a fourth time. At the same time, he felt his own load boiling from the depths of his taut balls. He decided they would orgasm together.

Christina's moans escalated as he rocked back and forth, plowing his cock deep inside her.

"Yes! Yes! Oh God, baby! Oh fuck! Just like that! Don't! Fucking! Stop! YESSSS!"

Christina came like a river. Her legs convulsed. Her eyes rolled in the back of her head. She unleashed a wave of cum all over Justin's cock which was still buried inside her. She became possessed as an orgasm like none she had ever experienced canvassed her body.

Then it was time. In the middle of Christina's powerful orgasm, Justin's arrived as well. He pulled his dick out just in time as a huge rope of cum flung out, over Christina's head and onto the screen door to the house behind them.

"Ohhhh!" Shouted Justin as he stroked his cock and shot two big loads at Christina's naked body. "Oh fuck!"

Christina rubbed her clit and rode out the rest of her orgasm as Justin drenched her with his. It was a sight to be seen as step mother and step son came together under the warm summer air. Christina finished hers first. But Justin wouldn't stop. She leaned forward, took hold of his cock and placed the gushing member into her mouth.

His hot seed caked the back of her throat as she nearly choked with how much was coming out at once. She managed to swallow in time for more as she stroked with one hand and swallowed with another. Justin's butt cheeks clenched, toes curled, and knees bent as he unloaded into her mouth.

Christina struggled to accept the massive load being dumped into her mouth. She tried to swallow a second time, but it was no use. Gobs and gobs of cum came pouring out of her mouth onto her lap and stomach below.

Justin growled like a lion as the final few loads spilled out with the help of Christina's stroking hand.

He was done. He trembled with sensitivity as she continued to stroke his cock when it was most vulnerable. Both of them broke out laughing as she tormented him.

Christina looked around. "Justin," she said. "You came... everywhere. Look at this!" she shouted as she held up a particularly thick strand of cum that landed on her hand. It dripped heavily to the ground as Justin laughed. "Damn. That was a lot huh?" he said.

As the two of them shared a moment, the door slid open behind them.

"Oh. My. God!" Ashley shouted as she strode up to them. Her big, healthy breasts bounced as she approached. "You guys fucked?!"

"My fault!" Christina said as she raised her hand. "I got carried away. I just wanted to feel him."

"And?" Ashley asked, eager to find out.

Christina looked at Ashley, then Justin, then the mess he produced all over her.

"I think we just put the icing on another great summer!"

The End 
 