Surfing Old School
by shmeckle

Naked at the North Shore (Chapter 3)

Jessie cracked open the door to Kari’s bedroom and popped her head in. “Hey, Kari, time to wake up. Mona’s friend David is here. He’s brought your new outfits.”

Kari gathered her wits. ‘New outfits?‘ She got out of bed and looked for her suitcase but couldn’t find it. She wore her usual PJs, a sleeveless T-shirt, the style her Australian friends called a ‘wife-beater’, and boy-shorts.

Her mind was still foggy from a night full of disturbing dreams; she had been wandering through a city completely naked, surrounded by fully-clothed people. She kept running into stores to grab clothes, anything to cover her body, but was always prevented by weird circumstances. None of the people would do anything to help her and acted as if a completely naked woman in the middle of a city was normal.

The images were still fresh in her mind as she wandered into the main room, yawning and sleepily scratching her ass. Mona was smiling at her and gesturing to David, who was busy unpacking boxes. A blush quickly flashed over her as an arm snapped across her chest and the other hand covered her pussy.

“Hey, Kari, David has his traditional Hawaiian clothes for you. Now, take off those things and try them on.”

She went pale and stuttered out, “Can’t I change in my room?”

“No, you’ll need David’s help putting them on right. Now get your clothes off.”. Kari saw the no-nonsense look in her coach’s eyes and knew she had no choice.

Kari paused, nipples hardening, working up her nerve. David’s back was turned to her. She thought, ‘It’ll be easier stripping when he’s not watching.‘ She grabbed the hem of her shirt and yanked it over her head. Her boy-shorts followed, and she stood naked waiting for David to turn around. She couldn’t help covering up again, but got another stern glance from Mona. She forced herself to stand, hands at her side, nipples jutting forward from her full breasts.

David turned with his hands full of brightly-colored cloth. Kari thought she saw his eyes sweep up and down her body briefly, but he met her eyes with a smile.

“Thank you for agreeing to do this, Kari. I appreciate it. Now, which color would you like to wear?”

His excitement was contagious, so she relaxed and picked a bright blue piece decorated with silhouettes of large white flowers. He dropped the others and unfurled it. He held it up to her hips and looked at the length.

“You’re quite a bit taller than average, so this is going to be a bit short on you.” As he wrapped it around her hips, she could see it reached to an inch above the middle of her thigh; shorter than she’d prefer, but not the shortest skirt she’d ever worn.

She was surprised when, instead of tying the corners, he bunched up the fabric a hand’s width in and tied a knot over her left hip. It caused the skirt to shorten up by more than two inches. ‘I’ll have to watch how I sit!‘

She asked, “Can I go put on some panties?”.

David shook his head. “No, it’ll look wrong.”

He went to a box and brought back a collection of leis made of large white flowers and slender dark green leaves. He held up 4 smaller matching ones and said “These are called kupe’e.” He put them around her wrists and ankles. He took the last one and put it on Kari’s head like a crown, saying, “This is called a lei po’o.”

He stepped back, smiling broadly, and said, ” Beautiful!”

Kari thought, ‘Wait, he’s finished?‘ She looked down at her bare tits.
“Ummm, haven’t you forgotten something?”
David asked, “Like what?”

She exclaimed, “Like a top?”

“No, both men and women went topless.”

She looked at him, unbelieving. “Shouldn’t I wear a coconut bra or something?”

David laughed and said, “No, that’s only for the tourist areas. You know those missionaries you were complaining about? We’re still feeling their influence.”
Completely oblivious to her shocked expression, he went on, “Most of our tourists are their descendants, and bare boobs still freak them out.”
He shrugged and continued, “I’ve tried to get the women in Hawai’i First to go topless, but they just can’t do it. When I heard you were okay surfing nude, I knew you’d be the perfect one to pull it off.”

“You expect me to go everywhere topless?”

“Yes, I do. It’s legal. I just need someone brave enough to be the first.”

Mona stepped forward and said, “She’ll be happy to.”

Kari took her aside and pleaded, “Do I have to?”

Mona whispered sharply, “Yes. Surfing naked to honor your Hawaiian ancestors will seem like a gimmick to some. But dressing like this the rest of your time here will show everyone you’re serious about it.”

She knew Mona wouldn’t change her mind, so she looked to Jessie for moral support. She was looking back at her in awe. “Kari, you look gorgeous! Turn around and let me see you from all angles!”

Reluctantly she did. She could tell it was very thin cloth from the way it seemed to cling to her thighs. She asked, “Is it clingy in back?”

Jessie gushed, “Oh yes. It really shows off your ass!”

Kari blushed harder.  ‘Thanks, Jess, you’re not helping.

David said, “Originally, it would have been made of kapa cloth, from pounded bark. Not many people know how to make that now, so instead it’s cotton.”

Kari thought, ‘Yeah, really thin cotton!‘

Mona said, “Well, now that you’re dressed, grab your gear and let’s get to the beach. You need some board time.”

As Kari went to her board, her coach said, “And don’t forget your special ID.”

Her heart started pounding again. ‘Holy shit, they’re gonna make me do it!‘ She slipped the lanyard over her head and looked down to see it nestled between her full breasts and erect nipples. She took a deep breath, closed her eyes, and tried to calm herself. ‘I can do this. I want to be the best surfer in the world. I’m doing this.‘

Kari concentrated on her board as she maneuvered it out the door and into the hallway. She was distracted navigating with it through the the hotel, which took her mind off her nearly naked body. David said to Mona, “My Jeep is out front. I can take you to any beach on the island.” Mona asked, “How about Waimea Bay?”
David smiled and said, “North Shore, here we come.”

They passed a mirrored wall. Jessie said, “Kari, look at how beautiful you are. You look like a princess!”
She saw herself — the lei po’o was making her walk taller and straighter, almost regally. She liked what she saw — it weren’t for her bare tits and too-short skirt, she would have been thrilled.

The group entered the crowded lobby. All conversation stopped as everyone’s head turned in Kari’s direction. She got wide-eyed as she panicked, and was tempted to turn around and run back to their suite. Jessie, right behind her, leaned forward and whispered in her ear, “It’s okay, Kari, you can do it. Just keep walking…”

As they neared the exit, a plump woman in her thirties surrounded by children scowled at Kari and marched over to her. “Young lady! Go put some clothes on!”

David stepped between them. “Actually, ma’am, toplessness is perfectly legal in Hawai’i.”
She motioned at her kids and said, “But what about the children?!”

After a quick glance at Kari’s breasts, he looked at her and said wryly, “Lady, they’re boobs. Something millions of babies all over the world are exposed to every day and manage to survive.” The lobby erupted in laughter as she stomped back over to her brood.

They went through the sliding doors into the parking lot, where a car was idling while its driver talked with a friend leaning on the side. The driver’s jaw fell open and his eyes got big when he saw Kari. He finally sputtered out, “Whoa! Tits!” and his friend turned to look.

“Hey, gorgeous, how YOU doin’?”.

Mona stuck her hand up and said, “Sorry, Joey, she’s got places to be.”

David took the board from Kari and strapped it to the roof of his Jeep, giving Kari her chance to scurry into the privacy of the car. Jessie watched as she leaned over to get in, noticing appreciatively that her skirt was so short she could see a hint of her butt and the gap between her thighs. Kari herself could tell how short it was once she sat down, with the warm car seat against the top of her bare thighs. ‘Damn, any shorter and it would be a belt!‘

Kari relaxed a little bit as they drove north out of the city. She leaned over and whispered, “Jessie, I don’t think I can do this.”

Jessie whispered back, “Sure you can! It’s legal and nobody’s going to bother you.”

“But just look at me! I’m just topless now and I’m a wreck. How am I supposed to get naked when we get to the beach?”

Jessie said, “You’re already more at ease with it than you were yesterday. Trust Mona. She knows what she’s doing.”

Kari sighed, “I don’t know, Jess.”

Jessie said, “Kari, you know I’m always watching out for you. I love you.” Kari hugged her and her heart skipped a beat as she wrapped her arms around her friend, feeling the warm glow of her skin against her arms and Kari’s full breasts pressed against hers.

She said, “Back in college, a couple times you had too much to drink at a party. I always made sure you got back to our room, instead of ending up with some sleaze-ball.”

“Yeah, Jess. Thanks for looking out for me.”

“Well, I think Mona is doing the same thing — making sure you get where you should be. It’s probably not the most comfortable choice for you, but it’s what you need.”

Kari sighed, “I hope you’re right…”

Less than an hour later, they pulled into the parking lot off the Kamehameha Highway next to the beach at Waimea Bay. Kari looked around for other surfers. It was before noon, though, so she didn’t see any. The beach wasn’t crowded but she still thought there were way too many people for her liking. They got out and Mona took Kari’s board down, and then turned to Kari and said, “You should probably leave your leis and skirt in the Jeep.”

Her heart started pounding. ‘I can’t do this! Get naked in public!‘

She held her right hand out in front of David, who took off the kupe’e. They repeated this for the other three, then Kari leaned over so he could take off the lei po’o. She paused, dreading the loss of her one last scrap of clothing. David motioned to the knot on her skirt. “Shall I help?”

She nodded and he untied it and let it slip off. The feel of the breeze flickering over her bare ass and between her thighs made her catch her breath, and she quickly grabbed her board and held it up in front of her.

Kari went pale and wide-eyed, unable to move, and her heart was beating wildly. Jessie whispered, “You can do it, Kari.”

Mona stood on her other side and placed her hand in the small of Kari’s back. She gave her a little nudge toward the surf. “Let’s get started.”

They all took off slowly, with Kari moving her board to her right hip. She crossed her left arm in front of her to grab the board, which let her hide her pussy from view a little.

Mona said, “Before you start surfing, let me hold your ID. Don’t want to lose it in the surf.”

No one noticed the group with a beautiful naked woman in its center at first, until they got half-way to the shore. Behind her, Kari heard a guy whispering excitedly to his friends, “Dude, I think that girl’s naked!”

His friends elbowed him and said, “You’re dreaming.”

He answered, “Well, if she’s not, she’s wearing the smallest bikini ever!” He got to his feet. “Man, if the rest of her looks as nice as her ass, I gotta see it.”

He jogged toward the shore until he was past Kari’s group and then turned. Kari saw a moment of shock on his face, and then he motioned for his friends to come see. She tried to block out her new group of admirers as they caught up to their friend and stared in awe.

They started passing small groups as they got closer. Kari was happy that her right side was shielded by the board as well as Mona and David, but her left was on display and only occasionally blocked by Jessie. She heard a young girl say, “Mommy, that girl’s not wearing a swimsuit.”, followed by a gasp. The crowd was starting to buzz now and she could hear the digital clicks of phone cameras.

A guy standing near the shore was holding an expensive video camera, panning slowly along the water, when he heard the commotion. He quickly spun around and saw Kari, and then started filming. He zoomed in and lingered on a shot of her firm round breasts bouncing and swaying with each step. Then he panned down slowly, over her flat and toned tummy, to the little patch of trimmed pubes over her otherwise bare pussy. He turned slowly and zoomed out as she passed, getting a full profile, and then zoomed back in to get a full-framed shot of her swaying ass.

By the time they reached the water, Kari was blushing a full-body blush. Mona said, “Hand over your ID and then get in the surf.” Kari did so in a hurry, glad to be moving away from all the cameras and stares. Meanwhile, back on shore, another concerned parent was calling the police to report a streaker at Waimea Bay.

Kari was out far enough to catch the swell. She sat, legs straddling the board, and waited, enjoying the solitude. She glanced down and saw that her thighs were spread and her pussy was really on display. ‘Shit, at the tournament, I’ll be flashing everyone every time I sit on my board. ‘

She looked toward the shore, where it looked like everyone was watching her every move. The guy with the video camera was still there, and she wondered if it had a zoom. Just in case, she laid back down on the board, and paddled to catch the next wave. The first few rolled under her, until she finally caught one and then popped up. She immediately thought of the cameras on-shore and worried she was flashing them again, and didn’t even notice when the wave slipped out from under her.

On the beach Mona watched her student’s lackluster performance. ‘She’s surfing like a barney. Come on, Kari, get back in form.‘

Down the beach, a Hawaii State patrol car pulled onto the beach. Mona was so involved in analyzing her student’s performance that she didn’t notice. The sound of its sirens and flash of its light snapped her out of her thoughts.

She started over to the officer while he said over his speaker, “Attention, uh…naked surfer. You can’t be nude on this beach. Come on in.” Kari pointed her board toward the shore and rode the wave in.

“Officer, I’m her coach. She has permission to surf nude, courtesy of the Governor.”, Mona said as she handed him Kari’s ID. Behind her, Kari approached apprehensively, board in hand. Secretly, she hoped the officer would put a stop to her naked practice and she could get dressed again.

“What’s this?”

“It’s from the Governor. He had it made for Kari.”

The officer looked skeptically at it. “Well, it sure looks official. From the Governor himself, eh?”

Mona held out her phone and said, “Use my phone and call that number.” He did so reluctantly, as a crowd formed around the group.

Kari could see most of them were staring at her nude body, so she started to move her board in front of her.

Mona intercepted it and took it from her. She whispered to Kari, “You’re doing this legally, okay? Hiding your body like that makes you look guilty. Hands on your hips.”

Kari complied, as the officer handed the phone back to Mona. “The person on the other end said she’s allowed to be nude on any beach.” He paused and shook his head. “I still feel like I’m being pranked. Young lady, you’ll come with me to the station and we can sort it out there.”

Just then, the radio in his car crackled and they heard, “Officer Park.” He got into his car and answered, “Yes?”

The voice said, “Officer Park, this is the chief. I just got a call from the Commissioner, who just got a call from the Governor.”

“Seriously?”

“Yes. The ID is legit. The woman is Kari Kaimana. She’s going to be surfing nude at the tournament in a couple days. She’s allowed to surf nude anywhere.”

Officer Park shrugged and said, “Well, okay.”

The chief said, “The Governor doesn’t want her bothered. You’ll need to stay there to make sure she isn’t.”

“So my job for the rest of the day is to hang out on the beach and guard the naked hottie?”

“Yes.”

“Okay.” As he got out of his car, he muttered to himself, “Some days, this job doesn’t suck.”

He handed the ID back to Mona and said in a voice loud enough for the crowd to hear, “Ms. Kaimana, the Governor confirmed you’re allowed to surf nude on any Hawaiian beach.” He said to the crowd, “And he doesn’t want her to be harassed, okay?”

Mona smiled at Kari. “Cool. Time to get back in the water.” Kari sighed and grabbed her board. She heard Mona say as she started paddling out, “And surf like you know how this time.”

A few of the beach-goers started packing their things in disgust to leave, but most of them stayed, eyes glued to the nude woman heading back into the surf.

Try as she might, she couldn’t get her mind off the crowds staring at her naked body. She wiped out often, and even when she stayed top-side, she didn’t have the energy she usually felt on the waves. After a few hours of watching her best student doing some of the worst surfing she’d ever seen, Mona waved her in. They trekked back to the Jeep, turning heads all the way.

Once she got to the safety of the car, Kari wrapped her skirt around her, grateful for even a little bit of coverage.

On the drive back south to Honolulu, Kari sat quietly, head down. Jessie could see she was depressed, so she put her arm around her and pulled her close. Kari didn’t resist, and laid her head on her friend’s shoulder. Soon she fell asleep.

David said, “Maybe practicing somewhere more secluded would help.” Mona asked, “Like where?”

“Well, I have a sea plane to travel between islands. We could take a quick visit back home.”
“To Napalei? That would be great! The beach there is where I learned to surf, and almost no one goes there.”

“Well okay then. We can go there first thing tomorrow.”

Kari finally relaxed when they got back to their hotel suite. She handed her skirt and leis to Mona, and then went to her room to find her regular clothes. A few minutes later, she came back out, still naked and looking confused. “I can’t find my suitcase.”

Mona said, “It’s locked in the closet in my room.”

“Locked? Why?”

Mona gave her a concerned look. “Kari, we’ve got to get you used to being nude so you’re not so freaked out at the tournament. While you’re in the hotel room, you’re going to be naked.”

“What if we go out?”

“I’ll get an outfit for you.”

They heard a knock at the door. Kari instinctively covered up. Mona said, “Ah, that’s probably room service. I thought you’d be too worn out to go out to eat.” She headed to the door and Kari turned, in a hurry to get back to her room before the bellboy saw her. “Where are you going?”

“To my room.”

Mona glared at her. “No, stay here. And hands at your side.”

The bellboy wheeled a large cart with covered dishes and bottles, not noticing anyone in the room. He straightened up, holding a check holder and said, “I just need a signature….” His voice trailed off when he saw Kari. “Whoa.”

Mona took it, signed it, and handed it back. The bellboy didn’t notice until Mona cleared her throat.

He finally took his eyes off Kari and asked Mona, “Is she always naked like that?”

“No, this is practice. She’s going to be surfing nude in the tournament in a few days.”

He smiled wide and said, “No way! I’ll be sure to be there.” He kept his eyes on Kari as he left, glancing away only long enough to find his way to the door..

A couple hours after dinner, Mona came out of her room, dressed in bike shorts, a sport bra and a tank top. “Well, time to train. They’ve got a great gym poolside.”

“Could you get me some workout clothes?”

Mona said, “Already have them.”, and held out tennis shoes and socks in one hand and a bundle in the other. Kari took it and saw it was the bottom of her micro-bikini. “You want me to exercise in this?”

Mona says, “Yes. You don’t need the top.”

“Can’t I wear bike shorts?”

“No. Consider this part of your training.”

She sat down and put on her shoes and socks, and then stood up to slip on her micro-thong. She looked down, thinking ‘I’ve got more clothes on my feet than on the rest of my body!‘

They headed out the back sliding doors, past the pools. Kari kept her head down, but couldn’t help noticing the people turning to stare. She could feel their eyes on every inch of her exposed body. After a few sideways glances, she could see a couple of them were upset, but most were looking at her pleasantly surprised. She thought, ‘They all think I’m an exhibitionist! If they only knew how wrong they are…‘

They got to the gym. The front wall was entirely glass and faced onto the pool. Kari was horrified. ‘Everyone at the pool will be able to see me exercising. It’s gonna look like porn.‘

As they entered the gym, the attendant looked at Kari and couldn’t believe his luck.
Mona said, “I checked with the concierge — she said it was okay if we exercised topless.”
He smiled and said, “Hey, if that’s what she wants…”

Kari glared at Mona and whispered, “If WE exercise topless? Does that mean you’re going to?”

Mona looked at her steadily for a moment and then decided to accept her challenge. “Yes, I said WE.”, as she quickly whipped off her shirt and sports bra. She looked at Jessie, standing by the front wall. “Isn’t that right, Jessie?”

Jessie looked back, mortified and heart racing at the thought of exercising half-naked. She finally smiled weakly and said, “Sure, anything to help Kari.” She steeled herself and slowly slipped her shirt over her head. She paused, working up her nerve. She looked at Kari, nearly naked, and Mona topless, and thought ‘With these two gorgeous women here, nobody’s going to be looking at me.‘ She peeled her sports bra off and dropped it.

The attendant glanced from woman to woman like he was looking at a smorgasbord and didn’t know where to start. He stuttered, “Well, uh, if you ladies…need anything, uh, just ask.”

They started by warming up on the stationary bikes lined up against the front wall. Kari was relieved to see they’d be facing away from the people at the pool for a while. Even still, the three topless women held the attention of everyone there. All eyes were glued to them, especially Kari, who from the back looked naked except for a tiny string around her hips. Swimmers migrated to the pool side closest to the gym, mesmerized by the hints of side-boob that were rhythmically peeking out left-right-left-right as the women pedaled.

Next, Mona and Kari moved on to the weight machines, while Jessie got on a treadmill. She didn’t train as intensively as the other two, and basically tagged along because the regular exercise kept her weight where she wanted it. She turned on the treadmill and programmed it to start at a walk and gradually increase to running over 30 minutes. She looked over at Kari as she started a set of pull-downs. ‘Cool, I can watch her work out.‘

 

Kari didn’t notice her friend’s gaze. She was looking out at all the people watching her every move. The machine she was using faced the front wall, so there was no escaping the rows of admirers. As she spread her arms wide and grasped the hanging bar, her shoulder blades flexed and her breasts stuck out even further. She wanted to clamp her knees together, but the bench between them prevented her. Everyone could see the micro-thong pulled taut into a camel-toe, and see the sweat as it ran down her body and made it even more see-through. ‘God, I feel like a flasher.‘ She closed her eyes and just tried to get through the set.

 

Next they moved to the hyper-extension bench. Kari hopped up so her hips were against the bench and her heels tucked under the leg supports. Her breasts were hanging, pointing toward the ground, until she crossed her arms over her chest. She was grateful for even the smallest coverage. It was short-lived though, as Mona told her to clasp her hands behind her head for another set. The poolside crowd watched enrapt as she bent at the waist, her breasts swaying back and forth and the muscles in her back and ass clenching and flexing as she moved.

 

Kari kept her eyes averted as they finished and moved on to the leg press. This was the exercise she was dreading most, afraid of how obscene it would look to her unwanted audience. She laid on her back with her feet against the pads. At the start of each rep her knees would be pulled to her chest and her ass and pussy would be exposed, with only the smallest scraps of fabric to cover them.

She was relieved to see that the orientation of the machine was pointing her lower half away from the pool. She could tell that the only person in a position to see her totally exposed was the attendant, so she snuck a glance at him. He was ignoring her completely, looking slack-jawed across the room. Her eyes followed his gaze and she saw Jessie at a full jog on the treadmill, her breasts bouncing wildly.

 

Her friend’s quick glance got her attention, and Jessie looked over at the attendant. He was looking back at her, transfixed by her bouncing boobs. She looked down and saw them going every which way. ‘Oh my God! I look just like those dirty Japanese cartoons my ex watches!‘ She was about to reach out and turn off the treadmill when she saw the look on his face. He seemed so happy, ignoring the two beautiful topless women right next to him and staring at her like he was seeing an angel. She smiled and then turned up the speed a click.

 

Finally they finished and Kari grabbed a towel to cover herself. Mona said, “Cool off with 10 laps in the pool and then call it a night.”, as she grabbed her shirt and bra. Kari stripped off her shoes and socks and handed them to Mona.

“Jessie, could you keep me company?”

Jessie answered, “Sure.” as she started slipping on her sports bra. “Would you mind staying topless? So I’m not the only one?”

Remembering the look on the attendant’s face made Jessie smile again and say, “Why not?” She handed her shirt and bra to Mona as they left.

 

The three topless women walked through the pool area, two of them actually enjoying the feeling of freedom it gave them. Mona headed into the hotel to their room, while Kari hurried poolside and dove in. Jessie sat on the side, dangling her legs in the water, and leaned back on her arms. ‘Hard to believe just yesterday I was panicked at the thought of going topless. I had no idea it would feel so good.‘

Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a guy staring at her intently, while his girlfriend beside him frowned. She saw her quickly reach behind her and unclasp her bikini top, whip it off, and toss it in his lap. He finally stopped looking at Jessie and looked shocked at her, while the two women smiled briefly at each other.

Kari climbed the stairs out of the pool, both hands covering her transparent micro-thong. Jessie joined her on her way into the hotel.

“You know, Kari, I think Mona’s right.”

“How so?”

“Yesterday when you got out of the pool you were covering your boobs with your arm. Now you didn’t. You ARE getting used to it.”

“Yeah, well, by now everyone in Honolulu has seen my tits, so why even bother?”


Namaka (Chapter 4)

The next morning they were flying northwest from Oahu on their way to the east coast of Kauai. Kari was dressed in another smallish skirt, this one purple with black silhouettes of leaves and flowers. She was thankful for the time out of the public eye, and kept pushing the thought of being stark naked at the surf tournament out of her mind.

Meanwhile, David and Mona were catching up about their small hometown. Mona asked, “How many people are left in Napalei?”

David sighed, “Not many, mostly older folks. All the young ones were eager to move to Honolulu or stateside.”

“That’s a shame.”

“You know who’s still there? Tutu Hannah.”

Mona said, “No way. She’s still alive? She was ancient when we were kids.”

David smiled and said, “Actually, she was in her 50s when we were kids. Now that I’m in my 40s, that doesn’t seem so old.”

“Still, she must be almost 80.”

Jessie asked, “Her name is Tutu?”

Mona said, “No, that means ‘grandmother‘ in Hawaiian. I was never sure whose grandmother she was. All the kids in Napalei called her that.” She turned to ask David,”Is she still doing her herb thing?”

“Yes. I fly out several grad students every so often who are trying to preserve her knowledge.”

Mona said, “She used to make me this herbal drink. It gave me a lot of energy. My coach swore by it. Maybe I’ll see if she can make some for Kari.”

They touched down in the water and taxied to a small dock. Once David secured the plane, the crew clambered out. There was a small dirt road leading off to their left, that was one of two streets in Napalei. Kari’s attention was drawn to the right. She could see an awesome point break with spectacular long-lasting waves. She wanted to head out immediately, but patiently followed the group into the hamlet.

They stopped at the first house on the right. It was a small three-room shack, surrounded by a rough picket fence, and overgrowing with all sorts of herbs and flowers. David approached and yelled, “Tutu Hannah. Are you here?”

A gray-haired head popped up out of the garden. “David, is that you?” She stepped out of the plants onto a small cobbled walk that led from the gate to her house. She was short, maybe not even 5 feet tall, Kari thought. She had her glasses pushed up over her gray hair that she kept in a bun, and was wearing a long sleeved button-down blouse and a long, floor-length skirt.

David said, “Yes, and look who I’ve brought with me…” motioning to Mona.

She squinted, “Oh, dear. I can’t see. I’ve misplaced my glasses.”

Mona said, “Tutu, they’re on your head.” The old woman sheepishly pulled them down and then said, “Mona!”

They hugged and Hannah asked her, “Are you still surfing?”

Mona chuckled, “No, not professionally. Now I’m coaching.” She motioned to Kari and said, “And this is my best student.”

Tutu Hannah looked at Kari, and looked surprised. Kari was sure she was offended by her bare breasts. Then, Tutu Hannah smiled as her eyes watered and she clasped her hands together, saying something in Hawaiian to David. He said, “Tutu Hannah says you look like Namaka, the goddess of the sea.”

Kari stepped forward and shook her hand, saying, “Hello, I’m Kari Kaimana.”

Hannah chuckled and said, “Do you know your last name means ‘from the sea’?”

Mona said to them both, “Well, Kari is here so she can surf. She should get going while the waves are there.”

Kari handed her the Governor’s ID and ran to the dock to grab her board. Once she got to the beach, she was grateful to see it was deserted. She found a large piece of driftwood and took off her kupe’e and lei po’o. Finally, with one more furtive glance around, she untied her skirt.

Once she got into her first wave, she discovered she was right about this spot. It was spectacular. She could feel her old energy returning. As she surfed wave after perfect wave, she realized that her nudity was affecting her surfing. She could feel every shift of the wind and waves on her naked body, like they were signals from the ocean letting her know how to move. She really did feel like a goddess, and surprised herself when she thought, ‘Mona’s right. Surfing should be done naked.‘ She knew that point breaks like this could have rock or coral outcroppings that contributed to the great waves, but could also rip a surfer to shreds if she were unlucky enough to wipe out. She didn’t worry, though. She knew she’d be able to ride out every powerful wave.

Back in Tutu Hannah’s house, the others were sitting down at her table, talking over herbal tea and pastries. Mona asked, “Do you remember that herbal energy drink you used to make for me?”

“Oh, yes. I still make it. There is a local boy, Geoff. He’s a professional soccer player. I make up batches for him & he loves it.”

“Could you make some for my student Kari?”

“Sure. I’ve changed the recipe a bit since the last time I made it for you.”

“Oh?”

“Yes. You complained that it made you feel hot or flushed. I’ve added some cooling herbs to counteract that effect.”

“Wonderful. My coach said your energy drinks were part of my secret to success. I know they’ll help Kari, too.”

Hours later, Kari was still surfing. She had lost all track of time, enchanted by her connection to the ocean. Eventually, the wind died down and the waves slowly lessened, and she looked up to see the sun in the late afternoon sky. She rode the next wave in.

She noticed a single figure standing by the driftwood where she left her clothes. As she got closer, she saw it was a man dressed in traditional Hawaiian dress. He looked familiar. She held her board horizontally in front of her and approached.

He smiled and said, “That was the best surfing I’ve ever seen.”

“Thanks.”

He said, “I’m Geoff.”

“Kari. You look familiar.”

“I’m Geoff Tan–”

Kari looked impressed, and said, “Right, Geoff Tan. You’re a forward for the US Men’s Soccer Team.” She was so taken with him that she momentarily forgot she was naked. Once she glanced down, she thought, “Oh, shit!” She grabbed the skirt with one hand, trying to make sure to block her pussy from him with either the board or her skirt. She held the bunched up fabric while she laid the board down, then wrapped the skirt around her. She tried to remember how David tied it on her.

Geoff saw and said, “Would you like some help.”

She blushed and said, “Usually my friend David does this part.” As he was tying the knot, he said, “David Kamehaloha?” She could feel his warm breath flowing down her breasts and abdomen. Her areolas puckered and her nipples pointed directy at Geoff.

“Yes” she replied as he helped her with the kupe’e and lei po’o, “He and my coach Mona are here visiting Tutu Hannah.”

“Ah, I was just headed that way. Hannah makes this herbal concoction that is better than any energy drink. I’ll walk you there.”

As they walked, Kari couldn’t help an occasional admiring glance at Geoff. He was in great shape, with just the hint of washboard abs. He was definitely enjoying the view as well. She noticed his eyes lingering on her swaying breasts.

“So, do you always surf naked?”

“No. I agreed to surf nude in the tournament starting Sunday. As a way of honoring my Hawaiian ancestors.”

“Right, they used to surf naked. You’re pretty brave to do that.”

“No, just an idiot who let herself get talked into it.”

“Well, if being naked helps you surf like I just saw, you should definitely go for it.”

They reached Hannah’s shack. Kari could see both Mona and Jessie both perk up when Geoff entered. Hannah just scurried over to him and he leaned forward so she could give him a peck on the cheek. “Geoffrey, my boy. So good to see you. Now, do you mind if I share this batch of your herbal drink with Kari?”

“Please do.”

“I’ll start another batch tonight, so neither of you run out.”

After another hour of reminiscing, Mona said, “We should get back to Honolulu”. Kari grabbed her board, and Hannah gave Mona a basket with 6 mason jars filled with what looked like weak tea.

When they got to the dock, Geoff waved goodbye and said, “Kari, I’ll come see you at the tournament.” They were hardly in the air when Kari, exhausted by a day of riding big surf, fell instantly asleep.

Later, Hannah was reviewing her notes for the herbal energy tea. She pulled out an old tattered book, filled with notes from her mother and grandmother, not noticing she put the book down over her phone. She flipped to the section about the new herb she used in the recipe.

“Tutu Clara, your handwriting was atrocious,” she mumbled to herself. “Like a chicken stepped in an inkwell and then had a seizure.” A faded note in the margin next to the herb’s entry caught her eye. Squinting, she slowly read her grandmother’s note,

“Hmmm, it says, ‘Use sparingly. It is a potent aphrodisiac’.”

She closed the book. “Oh dear, I think I should call Mona.” Looking around, she added, “Now if I could just find my phone.”

5