Joy's nude fun

by simont200 

Joy was scared, yes turned on but as scared as she had ever been. It was sometime after midnight, her lover Roy had set her up because she had once admitted that it would be sexy to be forced to go outside nude Her roommates had done the deed as asked and now Joy was going to have to carry out her fantasy whether she got away with it or not. She had worked the evening shift getting off at midnight, then came home and took a shower. As she was drying herself off Linda and Joan, her roommates had burst in grabbed her and chucked her out the door into the hall way. They had given her only a pair of sneakers, her purse and a note saying that she should go and visit Roy that he was horny and wanted to see her. They live on the 2nd floor of a high-rise, she could hear the elevator moving and knew that her roommates would not open the door if she made a fuss but someone else would come. She had to quickly pick up her stuff and get over to the stairway. That was the right move as she slipped into the stairs the elevator opened and the couple in the next apartment got out and went into their unit. 

Joy was already breathing hard; she had come close to being discovered; now she sat on the stairs to put on her sneakers. Her bare ass felt odd on the cold metal treads of the stair. Without any clothes everything feels rough and every noise startles you. Someone came into the building downstairs and probably went to the elevator but it sounded to Joy that they were coming up the stairs. There was nothing to help her in her purse, her roommates had even taken out her keys so she could not open her door or get into her car, and they had left only the key to Roy's place in there. In the end she put the note in her purse and listened for movement before edging down the stairs ever listening for signs of anybody moving around If any one had seen her they would have seen a pretty redhead who is a natural red head all the way to her flame red pubic hair. Joy has only a thin landing strip on her mons, she likes that area to be "unobstructed" as one of her first lovers had put it and has kept it that way even though he is no longer on the scene. She stands about 5' 7" with a 36c 25 36 figure. People have told her that she is beautiful she certainly is easy to look at. Her legs are long and shapely, she exercises and muscle tone is just noticeable all over her body without being too harsh. Her tits are pear shaped and sit high enough that she would look good braless yet they do swing a little when she moves so she usually wears a bra. Her nipples are almost always erect, a nice red shade that you only see on true red heads. Unlike many redheads Joy does not have a fiery disposition but when she gets over being scared she just might be a little angry at her friends and lover for this little joke. That might change if he is up to the occasion when she gets to his place. 

Joy managed to get down to the first floor and over to the back door, the one that goes out to the parking lot. She knows that there is a creek that passes behind her apartment and it passes a short distance from Roy's place but when she opened the back door there was a car pulling into the lot. Heart pounding she ran back to the inside and hid under the stairs until the people came in and got on the elevator. This time she crept back to the door cracked it open and all looked clear. She hesitated, once this door closes she would be locked out and have to go on. She slipped out and crossed 2 rows of cars before another car came into sight. The headlights lit the spot she had been in. If Joy hadn't run behind a car and crouched down the driver would have gotten a good look at her assets. Her hand was between her legs and she was surprised at how wet she was. Joy knew that she was really turned on but she was also scared of being caught. Joy would be very embarrassed if she were caught but even worse would be having to go to the police station. The guy got out and went inside then she was able to cross the lot to the creek bed. This time of summer it is more rocks than water but there were several pools and in the dim moonlight she managed to get her feet wet a couple of times as she worked her way along the creek towards the street Roy lives on. The going got easier if you can ever be comfortable walking around outside naked as if nothing was wrong. With out a bra her 36's sort of behaved themselves except when she had to jump or move fast, she knew a few women who would have real trouble doing what she now was doing. Joy didn't meet any one for a few minutes but as her eyes adjusted to the dim light she saw 2 shapes on the ground in front of her. A man was screwing a woman right in the middle of the path, she watched as his white ass bounced up and down, she could tell by the look on the woman's face that she was close then she moaned and the guy jerked and arched his back as they came. She found her own hand between her own legs again and yes she was still dripping. Roy had better be ready and able to take care of her tonight or she will come back to this guy and get fucked properly. 

The woman noticed her standing there first and gasped then the guy rolled off her and turned over showing his now deflating cock to Joy. She had to say something but all that would come out was "Its OK guys I'm on a dare so just forget I saw you." She would later think they weren't supposed to fuck there but I wasn't supposed to be naked either yet I told them not to worry. She walked around the totally surprised couple feeling even hotter as she noticed the guy's lustful look in her direction. Joy picked her way around them and went on further along the stream towards Roy's place. She managed to make it the rest of the way along the stream without being spotted although she did hear some noises and figured that if she looked into the bushes she might see someone else. 

Joy had just come out onto the side walk that goes to Roy's place when she heard a guy yell "Hey Sugar I want a piece of that!" She took off running, she didn't know if she was in danger or if the guy would back down but she didn't wait around, she ran into a back yard tripping someone’s night light on their garage and didn't stop until she had crossed 3 fences. She was now in some stranger's backyard. She found a shed and slipped inside of it while someone nearby told somebody else "there's a naked broad around here somewhere" but the other guy just said "sure" and pushed the first guy to go to the bar with him. After looking around for a few minutes they seemed to have left but Joy stayed inside that shed for at least 10 minutes. People had turned on lights on properties near the one she was on and a few people had come out to see what the noises were. There were voices and a few dogs barking. Soon enough the noise around her died down and the lights went out again meanwhile Joy figured out that she was not only scared out of her skin but she was turned on big time. Her fingers were able to slip up and down on her lips, she was feeling plenty of wetness and her clit was there waiting for her to play with it. She was soon coming and found herself leaning against the shed for support. Joy recovered and peeked out of the shed. All looked clear and she stepped out then looked around. Roy's house was still about 3 lots away and she intended to stay in the back yards instead of trying the public street again. Silently Joy climbed the first fence and ouch landed on a rose bush on the other side of it. She quietly swore as the thorns scratched at her legs wondering just how many more problems she would run into before she got to Roy's place. She crossed this yard looking into all of the shadows and listening, it seems when you are where you are not supposed to be at night you hear every little cricket chirp as danger. The next fence is a much higher solid board type higher than the last one. She had just gotten to the top of it when she heard a chain move then a big dog was jumping at her. The chain held the dog back but it was making a lot of noise. She had to get out of there in a hurry so throwing caution to the wind she ran out of this yard to the street and ran towards Roy's place. 

She was in luck this time there was no one visible to pay any attention to what would be any guy's wet dream. It was only a couple of hundred feet but she was running as fast as she could and her tits were bouncing as she raced towards Roy's place and safety. She was aware that a car passed by just as she turned into his sidewalk and she sort of heard the sound of a horn but ignored it. She was finally on his front porch painfully aware that his porch light was on and she could be seen clearly as she fished in her empty purse for his key. She got it out and tried to put it in the door but was so scared that she couldn't get it in the keyhole. The door clicked and opened, "You fucking bastard" she heard herself scream as Roy stepped out onto the porch and put his arms around her and kissed her. She was dimly aware that he was also naked, and she doesn't remember wrapping her own arms around him but she does remember feeling his hard cock finding its way between her legs. As Joy started to think rationally again she began to realize that she was standing naked on Roy's front porch, he is also naked and fucking me under his porch light. By this time she was beyond caring and came collapsing against Roy. He had to hold her up as she orgasmed then all too soon he was taking her into the house and to his bed. She would not need the stranger back at the stream, Roy gave her the release she wished then they fell asleep in each other's arms.
