August 6 – 3 Days until competition begins
The plane lands at the Beijing airport, carrying many of the Mexican Olympians. The leader and scheduled flag bearer for their country peers out her window at the city before her. Paola Espinosa had represented her country well at the 2004 Olympic Games and had been selected to lead her fellow competitors into the opening ceremony for the 2008 games.
Paola had recently broke off a long term relationship and had that hanging over her head as she prepared for the Games. Now, she finds herself heading into a hotbed of sex and debauchery. She is quite sure that no less than ten Olympians will proposition her before the night is out. The IOC hands out condoms, so most of the competitors view this as a green light for uninhibited sex.
The team leaves the plane and collects their baggage. Handlers provided by the Chinese appear from nowhere to help the team load all their gear and baggage onto the waiting bus. One of the handlers, a young man of about 20, makes an extra effort to get himself into position to carry Paola's bags. She notices him shuffling in line to match up with her, but thinks nothing of it.
He grabs her equipment and luggage in his strong arms, heading for the bus. She can't help but be a little impressed by this effort. She follows him to the bus and as he begins to walk away she grabs his sleeve.
"Thank you," she says as he smiles back at her. He merely nods and continues on his way.
So far the trip is going well and Paola can hardly wait to reach her quarters. She isn't anticipating the onslaught of foreign men, but she is looking forward to a nice shower and a comfortable bed. The team settles in on their bus and begins the journey to Olympic Village.
Not too much time passes before the bus pulls in to her new home for the next two weeks. The buildings look new and the area is immaculate. The team exits the bus and begins gathering their equipment again. A group of handlers emerges from a nearby bus. These workers speed over and begin assisting the athletes. Paola is shocked when the same handler she had back at the airport grabs her bags. He smiles at her and she returns the pleasantry.
"Hello again," she says.
"Hello. Follow me please."
The workers and athletes stream into the building, finding their designated quarters.
"This will be your room," says her handler. "You will share with two other female athletes from your team."
"Thank you," says Paola as she steps into the room. There are three beds spaced evenly across one wall. The room is arranged meticulously and is even decorated with a Mexican flag. None of the roommates are there yet, so she decides to take the bed on the left. Her handler follows her in and begins placing her bags at the foot of her bed.
"I am not supposed to speak unnecessarily, but I must say that I am a huge fan of yours. I loved watching you in the Athens Games."
"Well, thank you, it is nice to know I have a fan!"
"I must be off now. You should know that all the handlers for your team will be on the first floor in our quarters should you need anything at all."
"Thank you. I will remember that. Oh, what is your name?"
"You can call me Chu," he says as he turns and walks to the door.
Paola smiles as he leaves the room and looks about to get familiar with her new home. It is comfortably warm, so she decides to take off her sweatshirt she had been wearing for her flight.
Chu had forgotten to inform Paola of the meal schedule and stepped back around the corner as Paloa pulled off her sweatshirt. The static caused her t-shirt to pull up, revealing her taught abdomen. He gets lost in the moment and just freezes, staring at her body.
Paola pulls off the sweatshirt and looks up at Chu.
"Yes? Chu?" she smirks as she realizes he was staring.
"Oh, so sorry, uh, the meals will be served at 17:30 in the dining room downstairs. I forgot to tell you that earlier."
"Thank you Chu," she says as he blushes and quickly disappears down the hall. About this time her two roommates come in. They each get settled quickly, receive their information from their handlers, and flop onto their beds.
The three women drift off quickly, as the fatigue from the flight and time change are taking their toll on them.
A few hours later, a mild bell sounds, marking 15 minutes until dinner. Paola awakes to see that one of her teammates has her head buried under a pillow, hiding from the sounds of the people in the hall. Her other roommate, from the far bed, is no longer in the room. No doubt she is out meeting people, as this is her first Olympics.
Dinner is good and the evening is relaxing as she winds down her first day in China. She doesn't see Chu again that evening and decides to return to her room for some rest.
Opening the door she sees the middle bed is occupied by her roommate who is listening to music while she reads a magazine. The other bed is vacant.
"Where is she?" asks Paola as she drops her tired body onto her bed.
"Uh, not sure. She said she was going for a walk or something."
"Rookie, she should know better than that. Going out alone."
About that time the door opens and her other roommate walks in.
"Have fun out there?" asks Paola.
"Yes, this place is amazing!"
"Just don't do anything stupid, we are here to compete!"
"Oh, I know, don't worry about me."
"Yeah, I'll see what I can do."
Paola lays back and closes her eyes. She attempts to fall asleep, but the roommate with the music is just making too much noise.
"Hey, I don't intend to be mean, but can you listen to that in the lounge?"
"Sure, Paola, no problem. I doubt I'll be sleeping much tonight anyway."
"Well, try and get some sleep at some point, the Opening Ceremony is only 2 days away!"
"I'll be ready!" says the roommate as she heads out of the room. She hits the lights on her way out, leaving the room with just a lamp on near the doorway. Paola drifts off quickly.
Some time later she is awakened by voices. She lays still and just looks towards the door and then her roommates' beds. The one immediately next to her is still vacant but the far bed is occupied.
"Shh..." says her roommate to the figure standing near the bed.
It is a lanky, but muscular man. Judging from the emblem on his shirt, he is a runner from Kenya. Her roommate turns, looking across the dark room to make sure Paola is till sleeping. Paola doesn't make a move and appears to be sleeping soundly.
Her roommate quickly turns back to her companion and pulls down his pants. His semi-rigid penis flops out from his waistband and startles her roommate slightly. However, she wastes no time taking the man meat in her mouth. Her hands find his hips and she clings to him, giving an expert blowjob to him as he attempts to keep his balance along side her bed.
"Take off your shirt," he says quietly.
She barely breaks her rhythm as she sits up and slips off her top. She isn't wearing anything under it and her surprisingly large breasts fall out into view. The Kenyan wastes no time as he grabs them, feeling her soft skin in his palms. Paola shifts her legs slightly, but not enough to draw any attention. She feels a tingle that she hasn't felt in quite a while.
Her roommate stops her oral duties and lays back on the bed, lifting her hips as she pushes her pants down to her knees. The runner just smiles as he pulls them the rest of the way off. He quickly steps out of his pants and pulls off his shirt as he admires the gorgeous figure before him.
He climbs onto the bed and she parts her legs.
"Fuck me!" she says is a soft but carnal sounding voice.
Paola slips a hand down to her pussy and begins to rub with vigor as she watches the scene before her. The runner climbs over her roommate and she reaches down to guide his cock. He slowly lowers his hips and she gasps a little as he enters her. Slow, steady strokes follow as he works his way into her. Finally, he reaches his full depth and begins grinding against her. She pants heavily as their bodies are mashed together. The two writhing bodies struggle to reach orgasm and keep from waking Paola.
The wet sounds of her roommate's pussy and soft moans echo in the small room. Paola plunges two fingers into her own pussy as she watches the couple fucking right in front of her. She bites her lip as a small orgasm washes over her. She opens her eyes again just at the moment that the runner raises himself back over her roommate and begins pounding hard into her.
Moments later she covers her mouth as she screams through an orgasm that wracks her entire body. Her muscles clench down on his invading cock and he thrusts into her one last time, depositing a huge load of his cum deep inside her. He then collapses onto her, kissing her gently on the lips. He grinds against her as he keeps her pussy filled, not letting a single drop of his semen escape.
Paola tries to lie still, feeling her juices soaking into her clothes. She watches as the runner slowly climbs off her roommate and begins putting his clothes back on.
"Perhaps we can do that again before we have to leave?" he asks as he pulls his pants up.
"We'll see..." she smiles back at him, as she throws a cover over her wet, naked body.
He quickly leaves the room and Paola hears her roommate let out a satisfied sigh.
"That was fucking great Paola!"
Paola doesn't respond.
"Oh, come on! I saw your eyes, you watched the whole thing!"
Paola rolls over and pulls the blanket over her head. She falls asleep a short while later, ending her first day in China.