Susan Gets Pierced
byEnglish_peter©

A couple of weeks after Susan had met up with Carol at her lingerie shop, she decided to invite her over for the evening. We often had friends over to join us for a dip in the jacuzzi and then some supper, so this was nothing out of the ordinary. We even had a spare double room so friends could stop the night if they had consumed too much alcohol to drive.

The following Friday Carol was due to visit. She arrived about 4 pm, I directed her upstairs to the spare room where Susan was waiting for her. I could hear them chatting upstairs and then heard the shower running so I knew they wouldn't be long. Although the house was big enough for the extra bedroom unfortunately, we only had one bathroom, so we all had to share the shower. I had already had my pre-jacuzzi shower so that I was out of the way and while the girls were getting showered, I opened a bottle of bubbly and took 3 glasses out to the jacuzzi.

I was just sorting out the cover for the jacuzzi when Carol appeared. She had a towelling robe draped over her shoulders but hadn't bothered to tie it closed. I immediately noticed that her nipples were pierced by beautiful gold rings with a small stone set into the bottom of the ring which glinted in the sun. I was about to ask her about them when Susan appeared, she immediately cupped one of Carol's breasts in her hand with her finger pressing against the ring.

"These are new," Susan commented to Carol.

"Not that new, had them done about a year ago. I am just trying to pluck up the courage to have my clit hood done as well," Carol replied.

"I bet they keep you turned on all of the time?"

"Well, you sort of get used to them after a while, but they are a massive turn on, especially when I get a reaction like that from you."

With that we all climbed into the hot tub and I poured us each a nice glass of bubbly. I left the girls to chat and catch up on everything that they had missed. I struggled to keep my eyes off of Carol's breasts as they gently bobbed in the warm water intermittently revealing the rings in her nipples.

Once we had drunk the bubbly and were suitably relaxed by the warm water we headed back indoors. It was quite a warm evening, so nobody bothered to get dressed, a robe was more than enough just to maintain a modicum of modesty. As we ate supper, every time Carol leaned forward, I got a wonderful view of her beautiful nipple rings and the more I admired them the more I thought how lovely it would be if I could persuade Susan to have her nipples pierced. They would look so nice when we went on our clothes optional holiday in a month.

The plan was for Carol to stay over so the spare room was made up but about 9 o'clock Carol and Susan looked at each other and announced that they were going upstairs. Susan had admitted that they had "been intimate" in the past but I hadn't expected them to rekindle their relationship this evening.

On the basis that three is a crowd and not wanting to offend Susan I left them to get on with whatever they wanted for a while but then unexpectedly I heard Susan call me.

"Aren't you going to come and join in the fun?"

As I entered the bedroom, I could see Susan kneeling over Carol. Susan's arse was pointing up in the air and she had one of Carol's nipples in her mouth. I ran my hand over Susan's buttocks. She released Carol's nipple briefly.

"Carol would love it if you explored her other breast, that is off course if you would like to?"

"I would be most honoured," I replied.

I knelt beside Carol and gently took hold of her nipple and then licked the tip. Almost immediately it started to harden. I then proceeded to take the whole nipple into my mouth and then started to play with the ring with my tongue. This obviously had the desired effect as Carol moaned. I looked over towards the other breast to see that Susan was also sucking and licking it. As I did, I saw Carol's hand move down to her pussy and she started to play with her clit. Susan noticed and winked to Carol.

"Peter, Susan tells me that you are pretty skilful with your tongue and can keep a girl on the edge until she begs to cum. How about you give me a demonstration?" Carol asked.

I looked at Susan asking for permission, I didn't want to upset by going beyond what she considered allowable, but she nodded towards Carol's pussy. I moved down between Carol's legs as she spread them further for me and held herself open so that I had easy access to her.

I started to lick her inner lips and up as far as her clitoris. Her lips were much more pronounced than Susan's and judging from the way she was reacting far more sensitive as well. As I intended to make sure that I didn't let her climax too soon I was going to have to be very careful. After a few minutes I could see that Carol was on the cusp of orgasm so I slowed down and kept my tongue away from her clit, she started to calm down a bit but continually tried to squirm enough so that I would stimulate her clit some more. Once she had calmed down a bit I started to pay more attention to her clit again, bringing her even closer to climax. This time when I slowed down there was a sigh of frustration, but I wasn't going to give in that quickly. I continued to stimulate Carol for as long as I could but at the fifth time of bringing her to the brink she moaned, "Please let me cum, I am so desperate."

With that Susan thrust her glass dildo deep into Carol's vagina. I was so surprised I nearly stopped what I was doing. Susan plunged the dildo in and out as fast and as hard as she could while I sucked on Carol's clit. In a matter of a few moments Carol came so hard I struggled to keep contact with her clit, but Susan skilfully kept on fucking her with the dildo.

It seemed to take an age for Carol to come down from her massive climax but as she did, I released her clit and started to just lick up and down her slit. Susan slowed the pumping of the dildo and once it was clear that Carol was satisfied, I lifted my head away, but Susan continued to slowly move the dildo in and out while pressing gently on Carol's clit. Carol put her hand over Susan's to stop her stimulating her anymore.

"Please let me recover for a while, and anyway it is your turn now."

With that Carol rolled over letting Susan make herself comfortable in the middle of the bed. Carol pounced on her and forced her legs apart and started to give her a good tonguing. With Carol knelt between Susan's legs her arse pointed up in the air I couldn't resist but to run my hand over her buttocks and down towards her pussy that still had the dildo protruding. As I wiggled the base of it a bit Carol thrust her hips up so that I pressed on the dildo and pushed it deeper into her. I took hold of the base and ever so slowly started to pull it out, then just as slowly I pressed it back into Carol. It was all quite a sight; Carol was licking Susan's pussy while I was gently fucking her with the glass dildo. I didn't dare even touch my cock in fear that I would cum there and then.

I could see that Susan was getting closer and closer to cumming, when Carol lifted her head.

"I think she is just about ready for you to fuck her." She said.

I was more than ready so I pushed straight into her wet pussy. Susan was so close she came almost straight away, and I wasn't far behind. We both had the most intense orgasms and then collapsed on the bed. I kissed Susan as my cock went soft and said, "Thank you for letting me join in your fun with Carol."

"I am sure we all enjoyed it." Replied Susan.

"Mmm." Was the only response from Carol.

Carol continued to stroke Susan's breasts but after a few minutes she then declared that we all must be so tired after all the excitement of the evening it must be time for bed.

I went off to the bathroom to get cleaned up while the girls both snuggled up in bed. By the time I was finished in the bathroom they were both sound asleep in each other's arms. Rather than disturb them I retired to the spare room.

When I awoke the following morning, I could hear the girls talking and giggling so I went downstairs and made a tray of coffee and some toast. When I opened the door to the main bedroom the girls were intimately inspecting each other's nipples. It was clear that they had a plan afoot and I suspected that Susan was planning on getting her nipples pierced but without consulting me.

We all enjoyed breakfast in bed and once we had finished Susan announced that they were going to go into town for a girlie day. This confirmed my suspicion that there was a plan afoot, but I wasn't about to raise any objections.

The girls headed for the bathroom and I could hear the shower running and more giggling, so I left them to it and went off to do my usual weekend tasks. After about an hour they both appeared looking flushed but fully dressed up ready to go out. Susan was wearing a loose-fitting blouse and a skirt. She gave me a quick peck on the cheek and said that she would see me later.

About 3 o'clock Susan returned. I immediately noticed something different about her demeanour but decided not to comment just yet. However, considering that she had been on a girlie trip into town the other thing that was odd was no shopping bags.

"No shopping? I guess the credit card is safe for another day!!"

"Well, not quite, "Susan replied. "Come upstairs I have something to show you. But understand you are only allowed to look. No touching until I say so."

When we got to the bedroom Susan stripped off her blouse. She wasn't wearing a bra but her nipples were covered with what looked like some lint dressing secured with surgical tape. Carefully she peeled off the tape to reveal her nipples each one pierced with a gold ring. There was a small gold ball at the bottom of the ring which Susan explained was easy to remove when the ring needed to be taken out.

"They are beautiful, did it hurt much?"

"Not really, the piercer did use some sort of local anaesthetic. They are throbbing a little bit now, but it was no worse than when I had my ears pierced."

I was just about to kiss her and tell her how much I loved and admired her when she started to undo her skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties either and to my surprise there was a very similar ring adorning her clit hood.

"We had planned for me to just get my nipples done but then Carol finally plucked up the courage to get her hood done and when I saw how sexy it looked, I couldn't resist the temptation to have my done as well. The only difference is that because of the difference in our anatomy down there Carol got a vertical piercing and I got this horizontal one which is really called a triangle piercing."

"It is lovely, can I take a closer look?"

Susan jumped up on the bed and spread her legs so that I had a clear view.

The ring went through the hood behind her clitoris lifting it so that it stood slightly prouder than it used to. The closure rested close to the tip of her clitoris so as she moved the ball would potentially rub against it.

"That is beautiful. It is obviously such a turn on already seeing how wet you are."

I couldn't resist but to press my finger into the entrance to Susan's vagina. She moaned slightly and then pulled away.

"Which bit of 'no touching' didn't you understand? I am already turned on but I daren't touch my clit yet as it is pretty tender."

"So how long do we have to lay off?"

"I was told that I should be healed up enough in about a month. But don't worry I will make sure you don't miss out completely in the meantime."

Soon the month was up. We had already planned to go on holiday to an all-inclusive clothes optional resort in Mexico for a fortnight of relaxation.

We had booked to stay overnight in a hotel near the airport to save any rushing around in the morning, so we had most of the day to relax before driving to the hotel. After we had our usual coffee in bed Susan kicked the covers off and spread her legs.

"I think everything has healed nicely," She reported, "If we are going to be naked for much of our holiday, I think that I am in need of a good shave."

This was not the first time that she had asked me to shave her pussy for her but this was going to be an extra special experience as it would be the first real chance that I would have to inspect, and possibly play with her new piercing.

I retrieved some towels and shaving kit from the bathroom and set about shaving her pubic mound first, once I was happy that it was completely smooth, I set about shaving her outer lip area. As I pressed against the ring in her hood to start shaving around the top of her pussy, I heard Susan gasp.

"You OK?" I asked, somewhat concerned.

"Fine, I just hadn't expected quite so much sensation from you touching me. It's a lovely feeling."

So, I got on with the job of shaving her, making sure that I regularly tweaked at the ring and generally kept some pressure on her clitoris to make sure that she was nicely aroused. Once I was satisfied that she was completely hairless I washed off the remaining shaving foam making sure that my finger tickled the entrance to her vagina as well as stroking up and down her labia. I could see her juices start to leak from her vagina, so I allowed one finger to slip inside. Susan pushed her hips up so that I could thrust in deeper.

"Am I allowed to make love to you now?"

"Yes please. I need you inside of me. Fuck me until I cum."

As we were heading for a clothes optional resort this would be an ideal opportunity for Susan to show off her new jewellery. Little did I know what else she had planned. We packed our stuff into the car and headed off to the airport.

Despite assurances that we had had, as Susan walked through the security arch the alarm went off. Susan was summoned over to the female security person who waved her hand-held metal detector over Susan's body and it went off close to her chest. The female security guard looked quizzically at Susan. Without even a delay Susan undid the top two buttons of her blouse and pulled it forward enough for the guard to see the rings in her nipples. The guard looked surprised but understanding and then waved Susan on. Susan collected her bag and then waited while I cleared security.

As a treat we had booked to fly Business class, something neither of us had done before so once we had cleared security, we headed for the airline lounge. I noticed that Susan hadn't actually done up her blouse and consequently she received a number of admiring glances as she revealed perhaps a bit more breast than the average woman. As I walked beside her, I was sure that I caught occasional glimpses of her ringed nipples, but it was probably just wishful thinking.

We settled down in the lounge. As we had already had a full English breakfast in the hotel, we didn't need to have anything to eat but the "sun was over the yardarm" and we had a while before the flight, so we had a gin and tonic and a few little nibbles. I kept taking sneaky peeks at Susan's breasts just to make sure she wasn't revealing too much to the general public but enjoying the lovely view

Eventually it was time to board the plane. As we were flying in business class we turned left as we entered and were shown to our seats by an attractive flight attendant. Once we were seated, she asked if we would like a glass of bubbly. Wanting to have the full business calls experience we said "yes please." After a few minutes she returned with 2 glasses and as she leaned over to put Susan's on her table, she obviously got a lovely view down her blouse.

"Well that's a sight you don't see very often, very sexy!" she said.

"Glad you liked the view, if we get chance later, I will let you have a better look." Susan replied.

"I'd like that. I'm Elaine by the way, just shout if you need anything."

A couple of hours into the flight we had had dinner and decided to have a quiet drink at the bar before we settled down for a couple of hours sleep. The bar was empty except for Elaine stood behind the bar.

"Hi there, did you enjoy dinner?"

"We did thank you," Susan replied, "We just fancied something else before we settle down."

With that Elaine put a couple of glasses on the bar. "Brandy?" She asked.

"That would be nice." I replied.

She poured out 2 decent shots and then turned to Susan.

"It is pretty quiet now; can I take you up on the offer of a better look at your nipples? We can go behind the crew curtain for a couple of minutes."

With that they both disappeared into the crew area. I sat and sipped my brandy. I could hear the girls chatting and then I heard Susan moan quietly. A few minutes later they re-appeared. Susan had done her blouse up but looked decidedly flushed. We finished off our brandies and headed back to our seats.

Once we had settled down, I looked at Susan quizzically. "And..."

"Well you know how it is. I opened my blouse so that Elaine could see my piercings clearly. She asked if she could touch them...Well that got me going so I lifted my skirt and took off my panties so that I could show her my clit ring as well. She couldn't resist the temptation to stroke it and before I knew what was happening, I had a mini orgasm."

"That jewellery certainly seems to have brought out the sexual beast within you." I remarked.

"I don't know what has come over me. I just feel so sexy. I didn't even put my panties back on."

"You can't just blurt something like that out, how am I supposed to relax now?"

"I could let you have a quick feel..."

It was quite late by the time we got to the resort. However, as we had had some sleep on the plane, and it was only early evening local time we decided to get freshened up and go for a walk around the resort and then have some supper.

Although we knew it was a clothes-optional resort we were a bit unsure of the local custom regarding evenings and dressing so we both wrapped sarongs round ourselves. I tied mine round my waist and Susan tied hers above her breasts. They didn't really hide very much but we just felt a little bit more comfortable not walking around completely naked. Having had a stroll round the resort we soon realised that we needn't have worried, nude seemed to be the standard although quite a few couples seem to be wearing "fetish" outfits which did more to enhance their nudity than hide it.

We went straight to the restaurant by-passing the bar for the first evening. Susan went off to the restroom and when she returned, she has adjusted her sarong, so it was around her waist as well, so I had a chance to admire her beautiful breasts and ringed nipples for the rest of the evening.

We just fancied a light supper before settling down to get over the jet lag. The meals were all buffet style, so we found ourselves a quiet table and got ourselves a plate of food. There was a really good choice and the food all seemed to be good quality. We both like fish and seafood and the buffet had a good selection so we were happy.

Once we had eaten, we took the scenic route back to our room. After all of the excitement of the day and sitting admiring Susan's nipples all through supper I had fully intended to make mad passionate love to her but as soon as we lay on the bed we were both so weary that we just snuggled down together and fell asleep.

We awoke to sunshine streaming in through the window. A glance at the clock showed that it was still relatively early, so we decided to have a coffee on the veranda. It was lovely sitting there in the warm morning sun without having to worry about covering up. I felt a stirring in the loins but thought I would wait and see if Susan was ready for early morning lovemaking as well.

As it turned out it became our habit to save the lovemaking for late afternoon. It was like a new adventure with a new lover learning what worked best for Susan with her new piercings. They certainly enhanced her pleasure and they had brought out in her a new exhibitionist streak as we saw at the airport.

Over the next week we alternated between days relaxing in the resort and days out exploring the local culture. We even went on excursions to see Mayan ruins.

One day while we were sitting having some lunch Susan remarked: "I had expected to see most of the girls clean shaven, but I am surprised how many men are as well."

Never one to miss a hint that evening when I went for my shower, I took my razor and some shave foam and dutifully shaved my chest and pubic area until I was as smooth as the proverbial baby. Now we had matching pubic areas and would be able to feel each other's skin without hair getting in the way.

I hadn't quite expected Susan's reaction when she saw my freshly shaven body. She ran a hand over my smooth chest and tweaked a nipple. She then pushed me onto the bed and took one of my nipples in her mouth licking and sucking it until it was as hard as it was ever going to get.

"It is so nice to be able to do that without getting hairs in my mouth." She said and promptly returned to the other nipple. Even this much attention was enough to get me good and hard and Susan quickly turned her attention to my cock which seemed to be significantly longer than before now it wasn't partly hidden by pubic hair.

She slowly took it into her mouth and slid down its entire length. I could feel her tongue massaging along the length of it and I was already close to cumming. Susan expertly kept me on edge for as long as she could. When she released my cock, I could see it throbbing and a bead of pre-cum appeared at the tip.

"I hope you are going to stay clean shaven in future it is so nice. And anyway, if I can keep my pussy shaved there is no reason why you shouldn't keep yourself smooth for me."

"Whatever you desire." I replied.

With that she knelt over me and positioned her vagina over my cock. I had calmed down a little bit after being in her mouth and was not in too much danger of cumming too soon. Slowly she lowered herself onto me. Once she had taken me right inside, she leant forward slightly. I could feel her clit ring rubbing on my newly smooth flesh. Each time she impaled herself onto my cock I could feel her rub her ring against me to increase the stimulation she was receiving.

I knew that I wasn't going to last long but it was soon apparent that Susan was close to cumming herself. She lifted herself off my cock and rolled over onto her back, spreading her legs wide. Rather than re-entering her immediately I rolled between her legs and pushed 2 fingers inside of her while rubbing her clit with my other hand. I felt myself coming down from the peak of arousal again and Susan was right on the cusp of her climax as I entered her.

As I thrust into her, I made sure that I continued to rub against her clit with my pubic area and that had the desired effect, it wasn't long before she came and as she clenched her vaginal muscles against my cock I came as well.

Once we had calmed down, we lay together for a while, I rested a hand on one of Susan's breasts and gently tweaked her nipple ring but not enough to get her going again. It was soon time to have a shower before heading down for a drink and some dinner.

The following morning after we had sat on the veranda with a coffee Susan went and laid back on the bed.

"If we aren't going anywhere today can you put my ben-wa balls in for me. It might be a bit of fun to wear them for the day."

I retrieved the balls form Susan's side table then used my tongue to make sure that she was moist enough to slip them in. She lay still for a few minutes while she squeezed her muscles and allowed them to come to rest in the correct place inside her.

"Right, time for some breakfast." She stated, and off we went Susan walking with that sexy gait that helps the balls to move inside of her and exercise her muscles and stimulate her at the same time. Being nude it was obvious from the state of her nipples and the faint sheen of moisture around her labia that they were having the desired effect.

After breakfast we grabbed beach towels and settled down on a special sun bed designed for couples. We pulled the shade up so that we didn't get too much sun. It was so nice just lying there in the sun, relaxing. I had brought a book down and was engrossed in reading when Susan got up and declared that it was time to go and cool off in the sea. Without waiting she dashed down the beach and threw herself in the cool water. I followed as quick as I could, but Susan swam powerfully out into the sea.

Once I had swum a way out as well, I stopped to see where Susan was. She was stood with the water just covering her breasts looking straight out to sea and not moving. I swam over and stood as close as I could behind her allowing my penis to nestle between the cheeks of her arse. I put my arms around her and let my hands move up until I was cupping her breasts. I noticed that her nipples were as pointed as they get. "Is it that cold? " I asked

"It isn't that, "she replied, "I just nearly had a climax. It didn't occur to me how much the balls would move as I swam. Every kick pressed them against my g-spot and seemed to set up a simultaneous vibration that ran all along my vagina. I am OK now so if you would let my breasts go..."

"Will you be able to swim back?"

"Now I am prepared I can adjust my swimming to suit, but I am going to stay in the water for a while."

We enjoyed a nice cool down and then went back to our sun bed. Soon it was time for lunch. We spent the rest of the day alternating between the sun bed and the sea. All too soon it was nearly sunset, so we grabbed a cocktail and sat and watched the sun go down over the sea.

All too soon it was nearly the end of our holiday. We were getting ready to go to dinner and I was just finishing in the bathroom, when Susan called me. She was laying on the bed naked, she passed me a couple of gold conical items with a hole in the middle.

"Could you help me with these? If you feed each nipple through the hole and hold the shield in place, I will put my rings back in."

I was more than happy to assist so I placed the first shield over Susan's right nipple. The hole in the centre was only just large enough for the tip of her nipple to feed through. With one hand I held the shield in place and gently teased her nipple through. Once everything was ready Susan picked up her ring and fed it through the hole in her nipple. The effect was so sexy: Because of the slightly conical shape of the shield her nipple was slightly stretched and was kept pointed. Having done the first one fitting the second shield was easy. Once they were both in place on Susan's nipples, I couldn't resist the temptation to lick the exposed tips. As they became more aroused, I could see that the hole was only just big enough for her un-aroused nipples, but as they grew from arousal they were constricted by the size of the aperture.

"Isn't that a bit uncomfortable? "I asked

"No," Susan replied, "In fact the pressure is making them even more sensitive."

Susan then produced another piece of jewellery. This looked like a large gold fingernail, and at the end of it there was what appeared to be a finger sized phallus.

Susan explained: "There is an attachment on the back of this shield which will attach to my clit ring. The pointed end will then cover my clitoris completely. The body nestles between my outer lips holding them slightly open. I think it is obvious where the phallus goes but what is not so obvious is that is contains a number of small metal beads which will move around as I walk and hopefully have a similarly arousing effect as the ben-wa balls that I wear."

I was speechless. Where on earth had she got this custom jewellery? She obviously hadn't tried it out prior to this evening, but I couldn't wait to see what effect all of this was going to have. It was going to be an interesting evening.

As usual Susan just wrapped a sarong around her waist as we walked down to the bar and restaurant area. It wasn't very far so the beads didn't have much time to work their magic. I could see that the beads were having some effect as Susan had a tendency to swing her hips when she was wearing the ben-wa balls to increase the amount that the balls moved around inside her and she was doing exactly the same now. By the time we got to the bar Susan had that glow about her that said: "I am feeling so sexy."

There were two bar stools free at the bar, so we walked over to order some pre-dinner drinks. Without thinking Susan jumped up onto the nearest one and immediately I saw her take a sharp intake of breath.

"You OK?" I asked

"I didn't think about the way that the phallus would move inside of me as I sat down. It is now pressing against my g-spot. Every time I move, I can feel it rubbing my insides. I am getting so turned on I will probably start leaking juices soon!"

With that Susan started to gently sway on the stool, but I reprimanded her.

"Sit still. We can't have you cumming in the middle of the bar, can we?"

"Sorry, I will try my hardest to be a good girl for you."

Once we had finished our drinks we headed through to the restaurant. We were shown to a quiet table overlooking the beach and Susan sat down somewhat more carefully this time. All through dinner I kept a close eye on Susan every time she started to fidget, I would give her the look so she knew that I had noticed, and she would be still again. It was however clear from the way that her trapped nipples were getting harder and harder that she was getting more and more turned on.

Once we had finished eating, we retired to the comfy chairs in the lounge to finish off our wine. I noticed that Susan deliberately sat as far forward on the sofa as she could relieving the pressure on her pussy. We sat for a while and chatted, discussing what we should do tomorrow. Once we had finished our wine, we got up to head back to our room. Wanting to tease Susan a bit more and make sure that she was as worked up as possible I suggested that we walk back via the scenic route along the beach. Susan didn't look too enthusiastic but knew better than to argue.

It was a lovely evening. The moon was reflecting on the sea and there was only a very gentle lapping of waves on the shore. We walked along the beach, my hand resting on Susan's bum. As her hips swayed, I kept my hand still so that I was rubbing across her buttocks. Suddenly, a couple of hundred yards up the beach Susan stopped. I looked at her quizzically as she obviously hadn't stopped to admire the view or anything.

"I very nearly reached a climax." She said gasping. "As I was walking the vibration from the balls in the phallus felt all very nice inside, but I hadn't realised how much they were being transmitted up the shield as far as my clit. It sort of snuck up on me, but now I am so desperate we are going to have to rush back to the room so that you can fuck me until I have the most terrific orgasm."

"I am not so sure about that...You brought this on yourself buying arousing jewellery without permission. I might have to leave you in this state until I think you deserve an orgasm."

Susan pouted. "I am sorry, I didn't realise the effect that the jewellery would have, but if my Master says I am not allowed an orgasm who am I to argue?"

I hadn't quite expected that response, but it did open up some possible future adventure possibilities.

"You know I couldn't be that cruel, or at least not tonight. Now let's get back to the room and see how hard you cum."

As soon as we got back to the room Susan threw herself on the bed and spread her legs as wide as she could, but I was not going to be rushed into things. I knelt on the bed and very gently started to lick and suck one nipple. I wanted to get is as hard as I could so that I could see the full effect of the shields she was wearing. The more nipple that I sucked through the hole the more pressure was applied to it. Eventually I couldn't get any more nipple through the hole but now Susan's ring was well clear of the shield and her nipple was trapped by the restriction of the hole. I waited a few seconds to see if it would retract but it was clear that the pressure was now holding her nipple erect. I moved round so that I could repeat this with her other nipple. All the time Susan was squirming desperate for some relief from her now overheated pussy.

Once I was satisfied that Susan's nipples were being suitably tortured it was time to more to her pussy. Before I removed the shield, I massaged her outer labia with my thumbs. This had the effect of squeezing the shield deeper between her lips pressing more against her inner lips and clitoris. I then carefully unhooked it from her ring whilst making sure that the phallus stayed buried inside of her. As I angled the top tip away this had the effect of pressing the phallus harder against the front wall of her vagina. I now started to manipulate the whole device so that it rubbed and pressed against her vaginal wall in different places. This all added to Susan's frustration as this was never going to be quite enough stimulation to let her reach a climax.

Finally, I slowly removed the phallus from her vagina. It was coated in her juices. I placed the tip against her lips and she greedily lapped up her own arousal. I then pushed my tongue as deep as it would go into her hot vagina and sucked out some more of her juices. She was so aroused they were flowing freely, and they tasted so sweet.

I knew that Susan wouldn't be able to take much more, so I positioned my cock at her entrance and very slowly pushed into her hot wet passage. As I moved inside of her, I could feel the muscles which she had so diligently toned with the ben-wa exerciser throbbing and squeezing my cock. When I had entered as far as I could I lay still for a moment. Susan moaned "Please."

With that I started long hard thrusts and soon Susan let out a scream which was probably heard next door as she had an intense orgasm. As her pussy spasmed I orgasmed as well. I kept thrusting as well as I could until Susan's orgasm subsided, and I had gone too soft.

Sadly, soon it was time to go home. We had had the most sexual holiday imaginable but now it was time to return to some sort of normality, although I did hope that Susan would continue with her exhibitionist tendencies and I still had to think about her submission when I suggested that I wouldn't let her climax when she wanted it. 
