Exposed Dance

We like to go out dancing almost every weekend.  Sometimes, if the band
is hot and the crowd is right, we get carried away.  Here is an 
example. 

I love to show off and he, lets call him David, loves to show me off. 
I am an exhibitionist and have shown off on many occasions.  Usually I 
let David expose my body in a dimly lighted area of a club.  I also 
love to expose my ass on the dance floor.  This night, we went further 
than we ever had before. 

We had driven to a town about 70 miles from our home.  We got a room for
the night at a nice hotel just a block from the bar.  That way, we 
could both drink and not worry about driving. 

I selected a little black outfit to wear.  I never wear a bra when we go
out. I enjoy the feeling of my hard nipples rubbing against the fabric 
of my dress or blouse.  It also makes it easier for him to play with 
them.  

We ate dinner at a small restaurant.  Then, we walked down to the club.
It had a nice dance floor and a band. It wasn't real crowded and the 
music wasn't too loud. We sat  at a high table by the dance floor. It 
was the kind of table that had high stools instead of chairs.  The band 
was very good and we danced to several songs. We had been drinking and 
dancing for about an hour when he whispered in my ear "Why don't you 
get a little more comfortable?" I knew he wanted me to give him my 
panties. I casually looked around trying not to make it look too 
obvious and slowly slid my panties down my legs. Since we were sitting 
on those high stools, anyone who looked could see what I was doing.  
Once I had my panties off, I placed them in his hand, and asked him if 
that was better. He just smiled as he put them into his pocket. 

As short as my skirt was, I knew that when we danced some more, my ass
and pussy would be exposed.  This particular dress also has a very low 
top that gives easy access to my boobs.  The top and bottom of my body 
were both easy to expose. 

I could feel my excitement building as I looked around the bar.  The
crowd had started to build.  There were several couples, but very few 
girls alone.  However, there were a couple of dozen men there either 
alone or in small groups.  I knew that I had a fun night in store for 
me. 

David asked me to dance again.  As he led me to the dance floor, I
looked around the room again.  I could see a few of the men looking at 
me as I walked out onto the dance floor.  I wanted more than a few 
looking.  To get a little more attention, I tossed my blonde hair from 
side to side as I began to feel the music.  We danced to a song I 
particularly love.  I was able to back up to David, bend at the waist 
and grind my ass back against him.  I could feel his cock getting hard 
as I rubbed against it.  I looked across to the side of the dance 
floor.  There were two guys staring at me from about ten feet away.  
They knew that I was grinding against David's cock, but I also realized 
that they could see down my low cut dress.  All of my boobs except my 
nipples were exposed to them.  I watched them as they grinned and made 
comments to each other.  One of them reached down and adjusted what was 
obviously a very hard cock.  I love it when men get hard while watching 
me.  I saw a group of four or five guys at another table behind them. 
They looked like college guys in their early twenties.  They also 
noticed my boobs on display.    They were nudging one another and soon 
they were all staring at me. Making eye contact with them, I leaned 
over even further and flashed a nipple at them. 

Their eyes popped as they watched me rolling my nipple for them.  They
were all straining to see more as I danced.  I turned my back to them 
and bent forward toward David.  As I bent over, I could almost feel 
their eyes burning into me as my dress rode up over my ass.  I knew my 
red bush was exposed to them as I danced, shifting my weight from one 
leg to the other. 

I could feel my juices running down my legs as I danced.  When the song
ended, David and I left the floor and returned to our table.  As I sat 
down, I made sure to expose my bush to the admiring group of men.  
David noticed and grinned.  As I made eye contact across the dance 
floor, I felt David's hand starting to caress my upper thigh.  Never 
taking my eyes away from the group of men, I opened my legs giving him 
easy access to my dripping pussy.  I shuddered as I felt his fingers 
sliding across my outer lips.  Gathering some of my juices he started 
to make little circles around my throbbing clit.  I felt my first 
orgasm of the night coursing through my body as the men watched him 
play with my hot pussy.  I continued to throb as I felt his finger 
penetrate me.  I tossed my blonde hair back as his finger stroked me 
higher and higher.  I opened my eyes and looked at the group of men as 
I had a huge thunderous orgasm.  It was a good thing the band was 
playing.  Only David and a couple on the dance floor near us heard my 
moans as the intense orgasm shook my body.  I was quivering with 
excitement as David removed his fingers from my soaked bush.  I took a 
large gulp of my margarita as my breathing slowed to a more normal 
pace. 

David excused himself to go to the restroom.  He had not even made it
out of the room before one of the college boys was at our table asking 
me to dance.   I said sure and we headed to the dance floor. It was a 
fast number and he was a really good dancer. He liked to spin me.  Of 
course, every time I spun around, my skirt stood out and exposed my 
bush and ass to everyone in the bar.  David returned from the restroom 
and sat at our table watching us dance.   We finished dancing to that 
song and then another man asked to cut in. This was a slower song.  As 
he held me close, I could feel his hard cock pressing against me.  When 
that song ended, the band started to play another faster song.  A third 
guy cut in and we danced fast and hot.  None of them had touched me, 
but just knowing I was flashing the crowd had me dripping wet. As I 
returned to David at our table I saw hungry looks from a lot of men.  I 
also saw a lot of angry looks coming from the women. 

A slow song came on and David led me back to the dance floor.  As we
danced, David held me close and I could feel his hard cock pressing 
against my belly.  He was caressing my ass and I could feel him slowly 
gathering my skirt into his hands.  It moved higher and higher until it 
was gathered at my waist and my whole ass was exposed to the room.  As 
he held my skirt with his left hand, his right was squeezing my ass 
cheeks, pulling my crack open and closed in front of everyone.  The 
excitement was so intense I didn't know if my legs would keep holding 
me up.  I thought I was going to collapse on the floor. 

When the song ended, we walked back to our table.  David kept his hand
on the back of my waist so my ass was exposed all of the way back.  
When I sat down, it was still around my waist and the sides of my ass 
were still exposed.  My long legs were bare from my waist all of the 
way down.  I hooked my foot onto the stool across the table from me.  
That lifted my leg and accentuated the long firm lines.  I knew a lot 
of men were looking at me as I flexed my leg muscles.  I think every 
man in the club was looking at me now.  I saw one woman pulling on her 
man's arm.  Obviously, she was trying to get him to leave.  But he 
wasn't going anywhere.  Nothing was going to pry him away from the show 
I was putting on.  Sulking, she plopped back down into her chair and 
glared at me.  I loved it. 

David walked over to the band and spoke to them.  Then, he put some
money into their tip jar. He led me back to the dance floor and we 
danced fast.  I was now so turned on I didn't care what I did.  I 
danced up behind David.  As I rubbed my hard nipples against his back. 
I slid my hand around him and started massaging his hard cock.  He 
turned toward me and we shared a hard deep kiss as I continued to 
massage his cock between us.  He reached up and played with my nipples 
as we danced. 

That song ended and the band started one of my favorite songs, "Leave
Your Hat On" by Joe Cocker.  That was the song David had requested.  If 
you know the song, you know it is very sensual.  It was made for 
stripping.  I was caught up in the moment as I danced and swayed to the 
music.  David backed away to watch me as I danced with complete 
abandon.  I leaned forward with my hands on my knees.  I moved my ass 
from side to side as I felt my skirt rising up in the back.  I moved my 
feet further apart and I could feel the cool air as my pussy opened and 
exposed my wetness.  I tossed my head from side to side making my hair 
swing back and forth across my face.  Facing the band, I pulled my top 
down completely exposing my boobs.  The band members cheered as they 
saw my firm breasts and hard nipples. When the song ended, except for 
David, I was the only one on the dance floor.  My breasts were still 
completely exposed and my skirt was up over my ass.  I was so wet, the 
juices were running down my legs and onto my ankles.  I am a squirter 
and I had cum while dancing in front of everyone. 

The band started another slow song.  I was still extremely turned on. I
felt my juices flowing as I started to rub against David's cock. 
Pulling back from me he looked into my eyes as I pulled his mouth to 
mine in a passionate kiss.  Pulling him close to me again so I could 
watch what was going on I ground my pussy against his cock.  I wanted 
so bad to be fucked right then. Smiling I looked over my shoulder and 
saw the college men standing along the side of the dance floor, 
watching. I caught the eye of one of them as David brushed his lips 
across my neck, sending a shiver up my spine. Winking at the stranger I 
looked at his crotch then into his eyes as I indicated my back. 

He hurried over and pressed up against my back, I could feel his hard
cock press between my ass cheeks. His hands softly slid up my sides to 
my breasts. His breath was hot against the back of my neck as he 
caressed my nipples through my dress.  My heart felt like it would 
explode from my chest as the stranger caressed me. David was kissing me 
hard and pressing his cock against my pussy as the other man pressed me 
hard from behind. I threw my arm up over my head and around the 
strangers' neck pulling his face to my neck. 

I could hardly breathe as two hands squeezed my tits. I could feel David
start to open the front of my dress to allow the stranger access to my 
bare boobs. A loud moan escaped my lips as the strangers' hands touched 
my bare tits. He squeezed them gently but firmly as he pressed his cock 
into my backside. His fingers pinched and pulled at them making them 
ache for a warm mouth. 

The song ended and the college boy backed away slightly not wanting to
release my breasts. David also pulled back slightly to stare down at my 
breasts as the stranger massaged them. I could see precum in a large 
spot on the front of David's pants.  He groaned as he watched my 
nipples between another man's fingers. I moaned as I watched the look 
on my husband's face.  He was obviously as turned on as I was.  I had 
flashed a lot in bars and other places, but I had never let another man 
touch me.  I never knew I could get so turned on. 

There were now a lot of people on the dance floor. The music started and
it was slow and sexy. David stood away from me as the stranger pressed 
his body against mine. His hands worked on my swollen nipples as he 
stroked his hard cock against my ass. I was extremely hot and my juices 
were flowing out of me, making my pussy soaking wet with  excitement.  
I wanted to be fucked and right then.  I didn't care who did me.  I 
just needed a hard cock in me. 

David took one more step back and I was alone with the stranger, both of
us swaying to the music. My dress was pulled down half way down my arms 
and off my shoulders. My breasts exposed for everyone to see as they 
were caressed by the unknown man behind me. Just then one of his hands 
snaked down under the front of my skirt lifting it as he stroked my 
pussy. As his fingers touched my clit  I groaned in orgasm. Shaking, I 
turned toward him and put both arms around his neck to keep myself from 
falling to the floor. I brought my lips to his as his tongue probed and 
flickered across mine.  I could feel him  pumping his fingers in and 
out of my gushing pussy as he held me up and we swayed to the music. 

Opening my eyes I saw David standing there staring at me with his mouth
open. Beside him were two other men watching me being fingered by a 
stranger as my body was racked by orgasm. As my shaking subsided so did 
the music. David stepped in and led me back to our table. Sitting down 
I grabbed my drink and took a long gulp of the icy margarita. I sat 
there with my top pulled down and my dress up around my waist, my legs 
open for the world to gaze at me as I tried to catch my breath. 

David leaned forward and kissed me deeply as he moved his hand lightly
up and down my outer thigh and hip.  I felt my breath quickening yet 
again as I knew the whole bar was watching me being exposed even more.  
Every mind was wondering what I would do next. 

If anyone is interested, I will continue later.  Right now, I need to
wake David.
 