Jenny's Stars
by zoedog

Thin Lizzie Has Panties For Every Day Of The Year.

Jenny has her favorite stars. This one is "Thin Lizzie" who has panties for every day of year.

"Ok," Lizzie said to Jenny when she reached the counter, "What am I wearing today?"

Jenny looked Lizzie up and down and said, "That's easy. You're wearing a pink thong that barely covers your pussy."

Lizzie smiled and said, "I don't know how you do it but you almost always get it right."

Jenny always knew what panties "Thin Lizzie" was wearing but purposefully got it wrong sometimes so it wouldn't seem too weird.

"It's a gift," Jenny said. "For instance the man standing behind you is wearing black designer briefs."

Lizzie turned around as stared at the man's crotch, "Are you sure?"

Jenny nodded, "Yes, with a large pouch for a large cock!"

Jenny did have a gift and knew exactly what kind of underpants "Thin Lizzie" and "Long John" were wearing. But her gift wasn't a psychic ability it was a telescope her parents gave her when she graduated from college.

Ever since Jenny was a little girl she loved the stars. She majored in Astronomy when she went to college but it wasn't long after graduation that she realized "astronomy" had about as many career opportunities as "art history." That's why she was working at the coffee shop.

"Thin Lizzie" was Jenny's first "peeping star" and she found her quite by accident. She was taking down the telescope her parents had gotten her for graduation when she happened to focus on an apartment building hundreds of yards away.

There was Lizzie strutting about her apartment wearing only red satin panties. She was thin with narrow hips, a flat stomach and small breasts.

Jenny watched the next night too and the night after that. Every evening Lizzie would come home, strip and spend the rest of the evening wearing only panties.

The balcony on Jenny's apartment faced west so the morning sun was shining directly in Lizzie's apartment when she looked through the telescope the next morning.

After Lizzie had a cup of coffee and read the newspaper she stood on her balcony and started a Tai Chi form. Each balcony in her apartment building had privacy fences on either side so no one on either side could see her doing her form only wearing panties. But Jenny could see.

Lizzie's lithe body moved slowly in the Tai Chi form and looked like it was making sensuous love to an unseen lover. Jenny reached for her pussy and massaged her clitoris in time with Lizzie's movements and cumming just as Lizzie finished her Tai Chi form.

The next morning Jenny attached her camera to the telescope and filmed Lizzie's entire Tai Chi form. She called in sick that morning and spent the day watching the 20 minute video over and over again and cumming again and again.

Jenny watched Lizzie walked up to the counter. She walked like a model with her slim body and shoulders thrown back and her hips and pussy out front leading the way. She was sexy as hell and Jenny couldn't help wondering what her pussy tasted like.

Lizzie looked at Jenny and asked, "Ok, what am I wearing today?"

This had been going on for a few weeks now. Jenny looked Lizzie up and down, thought for a moment then said, "You're wearing green string bikini panties."

Lizzie nodded and said "Cotton. I'll stump you one day."

The next morning before Jenny could guess Lizzie said, "You seem to have a thing for my panties. If you can guess what I'm wearing today I'll let you lick them."

Jenny didn't miss a beat, "You'll still be wearing the panties I hope?"

"Of course I will"

"Okay, here goes." Jenny looked right into Lizzie's eyes and said, "Your high cut bikini panties are silk. And they are sheer and white."

Lizzie stared back at Jenny and said, "Is there somewhere we can go to conclude our business?"

Jenny led Lizzie to the office in the back of the shop where she unbuttoned her slacks and let them fall to the floor. She had Lizzie sit on the edge of the desk while she sat in the chair between her spread legs.

Lizzie's panties smelled of pussy, sweat and a bit of urine. Jenny found her clitoris easily through the sheer material and Lizzie's hips jerked when Jenny licked it with her tongue. After 3 or 4 licks Jenny wrapped her lips around Lizzie's clit and started sucking while flicking the tip with her tongue.

"Fuck me now!" Lizzie yelled. She hooked a thumb under the side of her panties and lifted her hips while Jenny hooked the other side and slid them down Lizzie's long slender legs.

Lizzie pulled Jenny's head back to her pussy and said, "Fuck me now!"

Jenny picked up Lizzie's panties and used two fingers to stuff them in her pussy one finger fuck at a time all the while sucking and licking her naked clit.

Lizzie would have fallen off the desk when she climaxed if Jenny hadn't had her face buried in her.

"Oh fuck, that was good," Lizzie said when she could breathe again. Jenny didn't answer; she was busy using her tongue to clean up all the pussy juice.

When Lizzie stood to get dressed she asked, "Where are my panties?"

Jenny reached down between Lizzie's legs and pushed a finger in her pussy, "I put them here for safe keeping."

"You stuffed my panties in my cunt?"

"Yep!"

"Well that's a first for me." She reached down and put her fingers in her pussy to find out for herself. She just smiled and pulled on her slacks.

As she left the tiny office she turned to Jenny and said, "Wear something nice tomorrow. If you get it right again I'll lick your panties."

Jenny could feel the pee start running down her legs.

The next morning Jenny didn't hesitate when Lizzie came in the coffee shop, "The sun is shining right in the coffee shop and you're wearing white linen slacks. Everyone in the coffee shop can see the black thong. And it's satin if you're wondering."

"Is your office still available?" Lizzie asked.

Lizzie unbuttoned Jenny's shorts and when she found she wasn't wearing any panties she dove right into Jenny's pussy bringing her to a quick climax.

After Jenny's orgasm Lizzie unbuttoned her slacks, stuck her fingers in her pussy and pulled out the bikini panties Jenny stuffed in her the day before.

She held up the wet panties and said, "I've been keeping these warm for you."

She used two fingers to slowly push them in Jenny's pussy. Just as she was pushing the last little bit Jenny started climaxing again. Lizzie kept her fingers buried deep in Jenny until her orgasm was over.

Jenny pulled her shorts up and said, "Maybe I could come over to your place sometime and see where you keep all your panties. And I can return the ones you just loaned me."

They arranged a date for that evening. Jenny was going to have a fuck session with Lizzie.

Just before Jenny knocked on Lizzie's door she took out her phone and opened the App for her camera and started it recording.

Lizzie opened the door wearing leather panties with a zipper in the front. Jenny reached out and touched one of her nipples before pulling down the zipper.
