Exposed! 
by Caratchsci
    
Cara tells Keith she wants to be nude for him again

Cara’s neighbor, Keith, caught her sunbathing, nude, by her backyard pool. As she struggled to apply sunscreen, Keith offered to help. When she found herself aroused by his touch, she panicked, jumped in the pool and sent him away. Keith left but the memory of his touch and her arousal remained in Cara’s fantasies.
      But now summer vacation was over, Tom had closed the pool and I went back to being the prim and proper school teacher.
      Over and over again, I found myself thinking again about being nude for Keith. I felt that same tingle down below knowing that I was making his cock hard. And I couldn’t forget the arousal I felt when he was rubbing lotion on my thighs. In my fantasies I wanted Keith to take me. To kiss me, to feel my boobs, to open my legs, to make me take his cock in my mouth and then deep in my pussy. 
      I knew it was wrong to think those thoughts…and certainly would be wrong to offer my body to him for sex. Much as I wanted that, I knew I couldn’t do that to Tom and to our marriage. But no matter how hard I tried to stop these fantasies, they came back over and over. They aroused me, made me wet, and brought me to orgasm when I touched myself. 
      So I decided I’d let Keith see me nude again…no…I wouldn’t just let him see me accidentally…I’d show him my body. He would look and imagine and get hard. I’d pose for him and ask him how I made him feel.
      At a neighborhood holiday party, I slipped a note to Keith asking him to call me.
      “Hi, Cara…It was good to see you at the party. You asked me to call…what’s on your mind?”
      “I don’t know how to say this…obviously it's too cold to be sunbathing by the pool…Oh, hell…I’ll just say it…I want to be nude for you again. I’ve been thinking and thinking about that and I want you to see me again. I think you do too.”
      “I don’t know what to say. You are so beautiful and sexy. I keep playing over and over in my mind that afternoon by your pool…your lovely body and of course, how I wanted to touch you all over.  Yes, I want to see you again. How are we going to do this?”
      “If you’re home now I’ll go in our guest bedroom and open the blinds. You can see me from your window.”
      “Well, okay, but that won’t be nearly as good as at the pool. Let’s not have windows and distance between us. At the pool, your body was available for my touch and I want that again. You do too, don’t you, Cara?”
      “Can’t we at least start like I suggested? I can strip for you right now if you want to watch.”
      “Is Tom out of town now…will he be home tonight?”
      “No, he won’t be home until tomorrow.”
      “Let’s do this face-to-face, Cara. It will be much more exciting for both of us. I know it excites you to be seen nude and for sure it excites me to see your beautiful sexy body on display, as it was during the summer. Through the windows just doesn’t do it for me…or, I think, for you. We have to meet in person with nothing between us. Don’t you agree?”
      “I don’t know, Keith. I do want to be nude for you and, yes, I want to feel your touch again. But please don’t make me do anything that’s going to embarrass us or get back to Sarah or Tom.”
      “Okay, Cara, here’s how we can do that. Let’s meet in my car. We can talk and see where our fantasies lead us.”
      I was so scared…and so aroused. I couldn’t think straight. But I knew I had to do this. I couldn’t just go on with my fantasies, so I said, “Okay, Keith, if that’s what you want, I’ll do it.”
      “Good…Here’s a plan: You wear only a raincoat and heels. In a half-hour, meet me at the 7-Eleven at the corner of 17th Street and Grove. I’ll be parked in a quiet corner. We can talk, you can take off your coat and we’ll touch and enjoy each other…would you like to do that?”
      ”Yes. I want to do that, Keith. but let’s wait until 8 when it will be entirely dark. I’ll wear just a raincoat, if that’s what you want.”
      “That works for me. See you then.”
      Then I thought maybe if I masturbated the urge to be exposed would go away…or at least I wouldn’t do something foolish. So I got my favorite toy and made myself cum…several times. But it did just the opposite…I had to be naked for Keith. I was too excited to eat but I did shower and make sure I was nicely trimmed. Then I put on my raincoat and red heels and drove to the 7-Eleven.
      Keith’s car was already there, parked off to the side.  I almost turned back but I couldn’t. I had to do it. I had promised myself that I wouldn’t run away again.
      I parked in front of the store and walked up to the passenger side of Keith’s car. He rolled down the window. 
      “Come around to my side," he said. I walked around. "Open your coat, Cara.”
      “Please, Keith, let me get in the car, I’m scared.”
      “Cara…this is your idea…we both know you want to do it. So, I want you to do exactly as I say. I’ll be careful that you won’t be hurt.”
      I walked up to the driver’s side and Keith rolled down the window. I flashed open my coat.
      “No, leave it open.”
      So I held it open…wide open.
      “That’s good. Cara…you are so beautiful. Now come around, put your coat in the back seat and then get in with me.”
      “Please, Keith, someone will see me.”
      “Maybe someone will, but it will just be a flash.”
      I did as he said. I opened the back door, threw in my coat and shut the door. Then I heard the door locks click. 
      Keith rolled down the window.
      “I’ll let you in in just a minute. But first I want you to turn around and stay facing the road until I unlock the doors. Please don’t try to cover yourself. I’ll let you in as soon the first car passes.”
      “Oh no, Keith, I’m sorry…I don’t want to do this. Please give me my coat. I want to go home…I won’t bother you again, I promise.”
      “No, Cara…I’m having too much fun…and you want to do this too. We both want you to be all naked and open…just like at your pool.”
      I didn’t have any choice…he had my coat, I was naked, and I couldn’t go to my car which was right in front of the store. I was so scared I was shaking. But I turned around and just stood there, facing the street. A car came by and I just stood there. Of course, I couldn’t see who was inside, but I know they saw me because they tooted their horn.
      I heard the locks click and I got in with Keith.
      “Hello, Cara…It's so nice to see you. It was fun seeing you at the party the other night. You looked very pretty.”
      “Keith, I am so scared. I shouldn’t have done this. Please, I just want to go home.”
      “Not yet, Cara. We’re doing what you wanted. You’re nude with me and I can touch and feel you all over, right?”
      “Yes, that’s what I wanted, but now I should go home. You can feel me if you want, but then I’ll just get my coat and go home.”
      “No, this is way too exciting for us to quit now.”
      He put my hand on the bulge in his pants. He was rock hard…and big. Then he felt between my legs. I was soaking wet…and his touch nearly made me cum.
      “It excited you to be nude and exposed by the side of the car, didn’t it?”
      “I didn’t know you were going to do that. Make me stand out there without any clothes on.”
      “But you liked being exposed…being locked out, nude, didn’t you?”
      “Yes, it was exciting but I hadn’t agreed to that. I said I’d be nude for you and you could feel me. I didn’t say you could expose me to others.”
      “Seeing you standing there, nude, proud and locked out of the car with no place to hide was the most exciting sexual thing I’ve ever done. And you didn’t try to cover your tits…you just stood there. I wish that car had stopped. I would have let them have a good look…maybe even feel your tits. Would that have excited you, Cara?”
      “I could have been arrested or worse. Just because it excited you…and me too….doesn’t  mean it was a smart thing to do. But now, I do want you to feel me. And make me feel sexy and hot, just like at the pool.”
      I leaned back and put my hands behind my head. Keith cupped and fondled my breasts and gently rolled my nipples between his fingers. Then he asked me to turn around and kneel on the seat. He traced my spine all the way down. He licked me and then he pushed a finger in my pussy and told me he wanted me to cum. 
      He made me so hot…he kept pumping my pussy. Then I said, “Please let me suck your cock before I cum. I want to do that.”
      So I sucked him until he came in my mouth. Then he fingered my pussy and licked me again until I orgasmed over and over. Then he held me and stroked my hair.
      After a while, we talked. “That was so wonderful, Cara. I hope you liked it as much as I did.”
      “I can’t believe I did it, but, yes, it was exciting. But now it's time for me to go home.”
      “My God, Cara, you are incredible. I so hope we can do this again. Of course, the sex was great…the best…but seeing you nude and exposed was fantastic! Maybe we can even take it a bit further. Maybe find some safe way to expose you to others. Let them feel and play with your body.”
      “I don’t know, Keith. Let’s just let it go. We’ll see each other in the neighborhood and, in the summer, we’ll have the pool. Thank you for the fulfillment of my fantasies. It was terrific.”
      So, I put my coat on, walked to my car and went home. I took a hot shower, had a bite to eat and went to bed. I slept like a baby.
      But in the coming days, I kept playing our encounter over and over in my mind. Tom is good in bed but he doesn’t excite me like Keith does. I guess forbidden fruit is always sweeter. I loved it when he felt me and made me cum. But, I have to admit the part that I think about when I’m playing with my toys is standing out there, nude, with the doors locked, and not trying to cover myself or run away when that car drove by. If they had stopped or come back, would Keith have let me back in? Who would have been in the car: young guys, a couple? Would I have run away or let them look…or feel…or more?
      These are the thoughts that aroused me during the long winter days when Tom was away. I knew that when summer came I’d sunbathe nude by the pool and hope that Keith was watching…getting hard…playing with his big cock. Would he suggest some new adventure…and would I agree?

