Shelly Exposed
by jeffstory

Shelly Exposed Ch. 01

Shelly volunteers as a subject for a sex class.

Shelly read the ad in the paper again, “$500 – Subject needed for University Class. Nudity required”. The last few weeks hadn’t gone well. She was let go from her job, and her savings were running out. Her interview were going well and she was sure at least one of them was going to come through, but meanwhile, she needed some cash to get through the next couple of weeks.

Nudity required. What could that mean? Probably figure modeling for an art class. Well she wasn’t ashamed of her body, still firm and trim at 31 years old, she still had perky breasts, 36 B, and a cute shapely butt. Although she’d never really been nude in front of strangers, there was that time in Mexico with her ex-husband. He cajoled her into taking her top off, like some of the other women on the beach had. She had found herself strangely excited by exposing her breasts publicly, especially when she noticed the guys walking by staring intently at her. She wasn’t exactly sexually turned on, but she was excited by it. Excited enough, that despite the heat, her nipples had grown noticeably hard. She only became embarrassed when her ex had commented on it. Which made her put her top back on. In fact, they went straight back to the room and had some of the best sex she could remember.

So she decided to call the number in the ad. An appointment for an interview was made for the next say. Shelly found the office at the university and knocked on the door. A female voice called for her to come in. The office looked like a typical professors office would. There were shelves, full of books, and a desk piled high with papers. Behind the desk sat an attractive woman, older than her, maybe in her early forties. She introduced herself, “Hi, I’m Dr. Hartwell. You must be Shelly. Thank you for coming. So, tell me a little about yourself.”

Shelly responded without hesitation, “Well, I’m 31, divorced and I recently lost my job. To be honest, I really need the money. I’ve never posed nude before, but I’m sure that I can do it. Quite frankly, I’m a little surprised at how much you’re willing to pay. I didn’t think art class models got that much. How many classes would I have to model for?”

“Just one.” Replied Dr. Hartwell. “But it involves a good bit more than I could explain in the ad.” Shelly began to get a little nervous. She felt her opportunity to earn $500 was slipping away. Dr. Hartwell continued. “I’m a researcher in Human Sexual Physiology. The class I’m teaching this semester is Human Sexual Response. We are currently studying the female sexual response and orgasm. My plan is to find a person willing to be the subject for my class to observe and study how the female orgasm affects them. I have several levels to this demonstration in mind, but the first would involve our subject, in a clinical setting, achieving orgasm, through masturbation.”

Shelly didn’t know what to think, but she knew she couldn’t just sit there staring at Dr. Hartwell, so she asked, “In a clinical setting, you mean, like a laboratory?”

“More like a classroom, where the students can observe the subject up close and take notes recording the subjects progression from a non-aroused state to a full orgasmic release.” “I hope that I haven’t shocked you. I assure you, there is nothing salacious about this. It’s purely scientific. I am a published and respected researcher in this field and most of my students are pre-med.”

“Oh no!” Replied Shelly, “I guess I just needed a moment to absorb this. You mentioned that there are several levels to this demonstration. You’ll be needing a subject for them also?”

“Yes, I would. Each one of those would also pay $500.”

Shelly asked, “Nobody, but yourself and the students, would be able to observe this?”

“That’s correct. The room will be locked and it has no windows. There won’t be any interruptions.”

“What if I’m so nervous or embarrassed that I can’t achieve orgasm?” Shelly inquired.

“Dr. Hartwell explained, “I plan to have available a variety of aids. Vibrators and dildos will be there, in case you need them. You are orgasmic, yes?”

“Yes,” replied Shelly.

“Are you capable of multiple orgasms?” Dr. Hartwell wanted to know.

”Yes, occasionally.” Answered Shelly.

“Good, then if you’d like to be one of our subjects, let’s schedule a day when we can get started.” The doctor replied, taking out her calendar.

Shelly was awash in emotions over her decision. Excited at the financial relief the money would bring, and nervous at the prospect of what she’d just agreed to do. She did have to admit though, she was a little turned on by the idea of it, if not the reality of it, which she found almost impossible to imagine.

When the day came, she found herself on the verge of canceling, but in the end, she decided to go ahead, because her need for the cash hadn’t changed. So she spent the morning taking a bath, shaving her legs and manicuring her bikini line. After all, she was going to be exposing herself to a group of strangers. She spent some time trying to decide what to wear. Then she remembered they wouldn’t be seeing what she wore anyway. She decided on a sundress, with no bra or panties, for ease of getting undressed, and more importantly, getting dressed, to get out after it was over.

She showed up at Dr. Hartwell’s office a little early. Dr. Hartwell asked her if she was ready. ”Yes, nervous, but I think I’m ready.” She replied. “OK then, follow me.” Dr. Hartwell led her down a corridor of classrooms until she stopped and opened a door. Shelly stepped into a small room, rather like a storage room. Dr. Hartwell locked the door that they had just come through and pointed to another door, that she explained, led into the classroom. She took a white lab coat off of a hook and handed it to Shelly. “You can disrobe in here and put the lab coat on. I’m going to go prepare the class. I’ll knock on the door when we’re ready for you in a few minutes. I’ll introduce you to the class by first name only, and then I’ll help you up onto the table, after you’ve removed the coat.”

“Table?” asked Shelly.

“Yes, kind of an examining, with stirrups. We will need you to place your feet up in them, so that the students can view everything.” Answered Dr. Hartwell.

In her mind, Shelly had imagined lying on some sort of a bed and maybe discreetly rubbing herself between mostly closed thighs. But apparently she was going to be a lot more exposed than she had imagined. Well, there was no turning back now. Dr. Hartwell left the room. Shelly quickly pulled the sundress over her head and slipped on the lab coat, buttoning enough of the buttons to maintain some modesty, until the moment came to remove it. Still not being able to imagine how this would go, she just focused her thinking on her task. She would go out there, masturbate, have an orgasm, and hopefully, not even have to look at the people watching her, and then she would be free to leave and take the money and run.

Knock – knock. She took a deep breath and opened the door. Dr. Hartwell took her hand and walked to the front of the classroom. The class consisted of 15 students. About half men - half women. They were all younger than her, early twenties and mostly attractive. Their chairs were arranged in a semi-circle in front of the table. She couldn’t look any of them in the eye, so she took the opportunity to check out the table as Dr. Hartwell introduced her as their subject for today’s lesson. The table was of the medical exam sort, with stirrups and the back was inclined, so that she would not be lying down, staring at the ceiling.

“Shelly, if you’re ready, I’d like to have you disrobe so that the class can make note of the physiological state of your body prior to stimulation, for comparison later.”

Here goes nothing she thought. She removed the coat and for the first time stood stark naked in front of a mixed group of strangers. Dr. Hartwell said, “Class, take note of her skin complexion, normal, not red and flushed, as we may observe later. Also, her nipples are soft, in a relaxed state.”

“Shelly, would you please climb up on the table and place your feet in the stirrups?” She did so, and could feel her vaginal lips part slightly as she spread her legs to put her feet into the stirrups. Dr. Hartwell was asking the class to take note of her labia and how they were closed and in a non-aroused state, her clitoris hidden in its folds. Meanwhile, she looked around the room and found all the men were staring directly at her pussy, while most of the women were a little more modest, not staring directly, but not making eye contact either.

Dr. Hartwell asked, “Are you ready to begin? Just go through your normal masturbation procedure. We will stop to take questions from the students, so I hope that won’t disturb your ability to achieve orgasm?”

“Um no, I don’t think so.” Responded Shelly.

“Whenever you’re ready then.” Said Dr. Hartwell. Shelly didn’t want to look out directly at all of the students, so she just half closed her eyes and looked down her body at her breasts and on to her pubic mound. She brought both hands up to her breasts, brushing her fingertips back and forth over her nipples making them erect rather quickly. She then began pinching and pulling on both nipples at the same time. She enjoyed the felling she got in her pussy from that.

After a couple of minutes of this, she was almost able to forget where she was. She could fell her pussy opening, getting wet. While still tweaking her left nipple, she reached down to her crotch with her right hand and cupped her whole mound in her hand. Sliding it slowly upward, pulling the hood back and spreading her lips open. When her fingers first touched her exposed clit, she gasped lightly, arching her back. It was at just this moment when Dr. Hartwell asked if she could pause for a moment so that the class could make some observations.

She wanted to go back to her clit again, but Dr. Hartwell was the one paying her. Dr. Hartwell asked the class what changes could they see have occurred already. For the first time, Shelly looked out at the class. A good-looking young man in khaki pants had his hand raised, Dr. Hartwell pointed to him.

“Her vaginal lips have swelled and she seems to have gotten very wet already.”

“That’s right!” said Dr. Hartwell, “Shelly, could you please spread yourself open for us to see how you’ve begun lubricating?”

With less embarrassment than she expected, Shelly reached down with her right hand and spread her lips wide apart. The class was focused intently on her vagina. She noticed the student who pointed out her obvious excitement had an enormous bulge in his pants. Shelly was absent-mindedly still playing with her left nipple while Dr. Hartwell talked to the class, occasionally pointing to specific areas of her sex.

Dr. Hartwell had picked on a female student who had her hand raised. “Her nipples are extremely erect from her stimulating the. I also notice she’s continued to stimulate them even though you asked her to pause.”

“Very good observation!” Dr. Hartwell complimented the student. “I would suspect our pause here has caused Shelly some frustration. Is that right, Shelly?” Shelly whimpered, “I would like to continue, if it’s alright?” “Yes, by all means, please continue Shelly.” Dr. Hartwell instructed.

Shelly’s hand went straight to her opening and she plunged her middle finger deep into her pussy, curling it inward to touch her g-spot. This caused her to take a sharp intake of breath and arch her back. She brought her left hand down and began a rhythmic massaging of her clit. While she began a pumping motion with the middle finger of her right hand, fucking herself, as if her finger were a small penis. She was really getting into it now, pumping her hips straight at the class to meet her thrusting finger. She wasn’t going to come yet, but was riding a wave of pleasure. Her eyes made contact with the student who’d made the first observation, khaki pants. He was blatantly rubbing his erection through his pants with the tips of his fingers. He had a wet spot forming where the tip of his cock ended. His ministrations were focused on the area just below the wet spot. He was massaging the head of his penis and the glands just below. He would have been rather obvious to anyone else in the room, except for the fact that everyone was focused on her. The woman in front of them all, with her legs held wide in stirrups fucking herself silly with her finger.

Then Shelly noticed the girl wearing a short mini-skirt, sitting next to khaki pants, was grinding in her seat and busily rubbing her thighs together. Their eyes met and she knew the girl was trying hard to reach orgasm with her. She heard Dr. Hartwell comment to the class that Shelly appeared to be nearing an orgasm and they should pay close attention now. “Shelly, are you approaching orgasm now?” Asked Dr. Hartwell.

Shelly could hardly form the words, “Uh huh, very…close….now!” As she increased the pressure on her clit, she put another finger in her pussy. Just then, the girl she was watching stiffened, her whole body went rigid, with her legs sticking straight out and tightly closed together…she was coming.

Shelly looked at khaki pants and watched his face go slack and his legs start shaking, as he tried to hide the fact that he was ejaculating in his pants. It was obvious from the huge wet spot that became immediately visible through his pants.

That was it! That sent her over the edge. “Dr. Hartwell”, Shelly gasped.

“Yes dear, I know, let it come dear” comforted Dr. Hartwell.

”Aaaahhhh God, I’m coming, I’m coming Dr. Hartwell, I am coming hard!”

When he initial orgasmic wave passed, she was panting for breath, her hand still with two fingers buried in her pussy, was soaking wet. Her clit was too sensitive to touch and she could fell a wet puddle under her that had run down from her engorged slit. When she opened her eyes, the entire class was standing around her in a tight circle watching her intently. Dr. Hartwell had invited them up for a closer inspection of the results of her orgasm.

Dr. Hartwell asked if she would please pull back her clitoral hood so that they could observe her clitoris. Shelly gently pulled back the hood with two fingers, exposing her little bud. It was swollen, pink, and still throbbing. Dr. Hartwell said, “Shelly, I’m going to touch your clitoris and demonstrate for the class just how sensitive this organ is. Especially at this stage.” With that, Dr. Hartwell reached between her legs and lightly dipped her index finger into Shelly’s wetness before bringing it up to her clit. She then gently brought her finger down on her most sensitive nerve and Shelly involuntarily bucked her hips up to meet her finger and increase the pressure on her clit.

Dr. Hartwell looked surprised and remarked to the class. “Our subject must still be aroused, most women, after experiencing an orgasm like Shelly had, would find direct stimulation of the clitoris too sensitive now.”

Shelly decided to be blunt. She was still horny and wanted to come again. The sheer lewdness of being naked and masturbating for these students was driving her wild. Dr. Hartwell was still fingering her clit and Shelly was bucking her hips up and down lewdly lunging her pussy at the students gathered closely around her.

Her breath was coming in ragged gasps as her hip thrust ere met with continual pressure from Dr. Hartwell’s finger on her clit. Between breaths, she told Dr. Hartwell, “I…need….something…ahhh-ahhh…inside me!” Dr. Hartwell continued manipulating her clit while she addressed the class. “Students, notice how Shelly is simulating copulation with her hip thrusting, almost as if she were having actual intercourse, with a penis in her vagina. If we were to introduce a phallic device for her to insert, I feel certain that we will get to observe her reach orgasm again.”

Shelly pleaded “I need something inside me, please, do you have anything?” Dr. Hartwell stopped fingering her to reach into a nearby bag and produced a standard plastic vibrator and one of those huge realistic looking rubber cocks. She held them both up for Shelly to see. Shelly had taken over rubbing her clit herself when the doctor went for the dildos and without speaking she wantonly pointed to the large rubber cock.

“That one!”, she said. It had a large mushroom head and the shaft was so big around that Dr. Hartwell’s hand didn’t quite fit around it. Shelly had lost all inhibition now, she wanted that cock insider her when she came again. Until now, Shelly had refrained from her usual vocal-ness during her first orgasm, but decided that this time she wouldn’t hold back. Her normal practice during sex or masturbations was to be very vocal, in fact, it sometimes helped to put her over the edge.

She pointed to khaki pants and said “Give it to him!” Dr. Hartwell handed the enormous phallus to the student and Shelly began to instruct him on what she wanted. “Just put the head in first, slowly, I want to feel it stretch me open.” Khaki pants stepped up between her legs and brought the head of the dildo to her wet opening. He looked up at her for guidance. Staring into his eyes, she instructed, “Slowly, put the head in and hold it there.” “Ooohhh….yessssss!”, she moaned as the plum sized head spread her wet lips wide. The feeling was electric and she increased the tempo with her finger on her clit. “Slide it all the way in me now, that’s it, that’s it, that’s it” she chanted as her eyes rolled back in her head while he buried the dildo keep in her and held it there.

She had herself hanging on the very edge of an earth shattering orgasm. She loved the felling of teetering, right on the verge, knowing that just the right additional pressure on her clit or movement inside her would push her over the edge of that cliff. She took a moment to glance at the students watching her before she took that plunge. All eyes were on her, well aware of how close she was, they all seemed to be holding their breath, much as she was, waiting to join her in the release she was so close to achieving.

Her body was trembling and her breath was coming in short gulps. She looked khaki pants in the eyes and with her voice quaking, she said, “Pull it out slowly, till just the head is left in me.” Her finger was on her clit and the slightest movement and she would explode. She braced herself then shouted at him “RAM IT IN ME, HARD!” It slid all of the way in, totally unimpeded, due to her gushing wetness. At the same time, she began fingering her clit frantically. “AAAhhhhh, aahh, aaahhh, yessss, fuck, fuck, fuck, Oh God, I’m Coming, SO HARD!” Her body was racked with spasms. When the peak had passed, she was shaking from the intensity of it. Her helper gently slid the dildo out of her. Dr. Hartwell handed her a towel to mop the wetness between her legs. Two of the male students eased her legs out of the stirrups and helped her to her feet. Their erections were on obvious display. Shelly wondered if they’d make it home before having to relieve themselves.

As they helped her into the lab coat that she had entered the room in, she heard Dr. Hartwell address the students, “Class, I hope you enjoyed today’s demonstration. If we can prevail upon Shelly to come back again, I plan to get a male subject to have a demonstration of foreplay and intercourse.”


Shelly Exposed Ch. 02

Shelly volunteers for a sex class demonstration again.

Shelly was back in Dr. Hartwell’s office listening to her explain the next demonstration for her sex physiology class.

The first one had gone well. She made, a much needed, $500, and had the most sexually exciting and liberating experience of her life. She was looking forward to this next phase with nervous excitement. Dr. Hartwell explained, “Our first demonstration where the class observed your masturbation to orgasm, well, several orgasms actually, was so successful that I felt compelled to do it again. This time we will have a male subject for the class to observe.”

“Where do I fit into this Dr. Hartwell?” Shelly asked.

“I have some concerns regarding my volunteer subject. First, my subject, his name is Rob. He’s a student from a nearby college. He’s healthy, young and 20 years old. Giving a demonstration on male masturbation for the classes observation presents unique potential problems versus the same demonstration with a female subject.”

“What if he can’t achieve an erection; or what if the opposite problem occurs, he gets overly excited and ejaculates to quickly? Either way, my demonstration would be ruined. That’s why I’ve asked you to help me again. I confronted Rob with my concerns and decided it would be best to use you to provide stimulation as needed.”

“What exactly do you mean, Dr. Hartwell, by provide stimulation?”

“Well at first, if he’s having difficulty obtaining an erection, I’ll have you disrobe to give him a visual stimulus. I might later in the demonstration have you take over manually stimulating his penis.”

Shelly laughed, “You mean give him a hand-job?”

Dr. Hartwell responded, “To put it bluntly, yes. But more than that, to keep him manually stimulated while stopping short of making him ejaculate. We want to have time for the class to make all their observations of physiological changes and conditions. Do you think you can do that, do you have much experience with that?”

Shelly answered, “Yes, actually, I do. I’ll have no problem helping him with that.” She thought to herself of all of the times she had given torturous, teasing hand-jobs to her last boyfriend. He loved the way she kept him on the verge of coming, backing off, then bringing him to the edge again. Ultimately having him so sensitive that near the end, she could only touch his throbbing member with the tip of her finger to make him quiver. She loved that part, watching him reduced to whimpering and begging her for the relief that she could let him have, and only when she decided.

So when the scheduled day for the class came, Shelly showed up at Dr. Hartwell’s office and was introduced to Rob. He was young and handsome, just as Dr. Hartwell had told her. She realized she hadn’t been with a man that young, since she herself was that age. Dr. Hartwell was running through what she hoped to accomplish with the demonstration. All Shelly could think of was that she would soon be watching this handsome 20 year old masturbate to orgasm in front of a roomful of students, and she’d have a front row seat.

Dr. Hartwell had finished talking before Shelly realized it and was getting up to take them to the small room, off the classroom, that she had used to change in the last time.

The three of them entered the room and Dr. Hartwell told them she’d knock on the door when the class was ready, then instructed them to undress and put on the robes provided.

Rob looked at her skeptically and asked “Were you as nervous as I am when you did this?”

“Don’t worry”, she said. “Try not to look at the students at first, just lie back and do what comes naturally. I’ll be right there with you. You can focus on me and pretend we’re alone. Don’t worry, you’ll do fine, once you get started.”

They both turned toward the knock on the door and Dr. Hartwell stuck her head in. “We’re ready for you.”

Shelly went through the door first and stood next to the examining table as Rob took up position behind her. She looked out at the faces in the class remembering them from last time. There was the guy in the khaki pants, only this time he’s wearing baggy shorts and a long loose fitting shirt. He obviously came prepared this time, just in case he comes in his pants again. And there’s the girl who got off with me while watching me cum last time. She snapped back to the here and now as she heard Dr. Hartwell asking Rob to disrobe and climb up on the table.

The back half of the table was inclined slightly so he wasn’t laid out flat and the stirrups were set up low so that Rob’s knees were up and his legs were spread wide. Shelly found herself, rather blatantly, checking out his equipment. His penis was circumcised, with a large mushroom head. It wasn’t completely flaccid, but it certainly wasn’t erect either. It hung heavily down and to the side of his ball sack. Shelly remembered her ex-boyfriend calling that a chubby. She could tell it would be quite impressive once it got stiff, long and definitely fat around.

Poor Rob looked like he was paralyzed with embarrassment. He was staring at the wall above the students not wanting to make eye contact. Dr. Hartwell was asking the class to make observations of his genitalia prior to arousal and ultimately ejaculation. She actually took hold of his penis between her index finger and thumb near the head to hold it up and out of the way for the class to observe. Rob flinched, but she noticed he didn’t visibly stiffen any.

Then Dr. Hartwell gave him the go ahead to begin masturbating himself. Rob tentatively wrapped his hand around his shaft and pointed his cock upward as he began with a slow up and down stroke. He still wasn’t hard and Shelly could hear his penis flopping back and forth in his fist as the class had fallen completely silent. Shelly noticed the female students were intently focused on his actions, while the guys were embarrassed to be watching another man masturbate. Or maybe they were embarrassed for him and his apparent inability to achieve an erection.

Dr. Hartwell had taken note of the situation and leaned toward Robs face to ask him if some lubricant would help. Rob replied, “No, I’m just a bit nervous.”

Dr. Hartwell explained to the class that males were aroused by visual stimulation much more then females and that is why Shelly was here today. “Let’s see what effect she might have on the situation. Shelly, would you please remove your robe for us so that Rob can have a stimulus to focus on.”

Shelly quickly slipped out of the robe and stood completely naked to Robs left side, facing him. Rob turned his head and took her in, from top to bottom. She noticed his cock getting stiffer, almost immediately. As it reached it’s full hardness, his fist couldn’t close completely around it and it must have been at least eight inches long. She was mesmerized, watching the large mushroom head poke in and out of his fist with each stroke. She noticed his left hand reaching out to her and she took it. He gently pulled her closer until her naked body was right next to the table. He let go of her hand and gently reached his arm around her back, his hand slid down onto her ass cheek and pulled her closer. Her mound was now pressed up against the cushioned side of the table. She could tell the contact with her body was helping his efforts. She could feel his body physically shake with his stroking, which was becoming more frantic. Pre-come was beginning to ooze from the head of his penis and his breathing was coming in short gasps. He was obviously building rapidly towards a rather quick ejaculation. Shelly realized she was unconsciously rubbing her mound against the tableside to stimulate her clit. She could feel the wetness building in her pussy. Just then Dr. Hartwell must have realized Rob was quickly losing control and ordered him to stop. He reluctantly let go of his cock. It stood on it’s own, throbbing and dripping pre-come down his shaft.

Dr. Hartwell went on talking to the class, asking their observations while Shelly spoke quietly to Rob. “Are you okay?”

“I almost came.” Rob replied. “I was real close. I just wanted to finish and get out of here.”

“Well, I don’t think she’s quite done with you yet.” Shelly said with a little laugh.

“Well, at any rate, thanks for your help. I was afraid I’d never get hard, taking your robe off really helped.”

Shelly blushed, she was thrilled that this young man found her body that stimulating. He still had his hand on her ass and was gently squeezing it. His other hand had moved back to his cock and was gently stroking it.

Dr. Hartwell turned to them and saw he had resumed masturbating. “Rob, if you can’t control yourself, we’ll have to restrain you in order to complete our demonstration. Shelly, will you please help me with the restraints?”

Shelly did on her side as Dr. Hartwell did on the other side, restraining Rob’s wrists to the side of the table with the attached Velcro straps, and then his ankles to the stirrups.

Rob looked up at Shelly helplessly; his legs spread wide, arms restrained at his sides to the table and his hard cock pointing up over his stomach.

“Shelly, would you please masturbate Rob for us? But don’t let him ejaculate. If he appears to be getting close, stop all stimulation.” Dr. Hartwell turned to the class and explained “We are going to have Shelly stimulate our subject to just the point of ejaculation, stop, then start again. This process, repeated several times will cause Rob to expel a much larger volume of ejaculate then normal, as you’ll see when we finally bring about Rob’s release.”

Shelly had been carefully and gently stroking Rob’s rock hard cock. She had her hand slick with lubricant and kept her grip light; as she slid her hand slowly over Rob’s enormous head and down his shaft, all the way to his balls, then back up again. Rob shuddered each time her fist slid over the super sensitive spot just below the head of his penis.

Shelly was being careful to make sure she didn’t take him too far past the point of no return, without Dr. Hartwell’s approval. She noticed Rob’s balls were starting to tighten, and then he started thrusting his hips to increase the speed and friction of his cock in her hand. That’s it, that’s as close as she dared to take him. She’d seen it happen before when she was trying to tease a guy as close to the edge as possible, she’d pulled her hand away, breaking off contact only to see his cock throb and start spurting all over on it’s own. She hoped she’d stopped in time now and watched his cock pulse in the air, pre-come was freely flowing onto his belly, but no come. Whew! That was close.

“Very good Shelly” said Dr. Hartwell. “Let’s wait a few minutes while Rob settles down, then you’ll do it again.”

Dr. Hartwell invited the students to gather round the table that Rob was laid out on. The women seemed to move first and quickest, taking up front row positions on either side of Rob’s prone naked body. The guys were more hesitant, their erections quite obvious showing through their pants. Despite the display she had put on for these same students last time, she couldn’t help but feel self-conscious, standing naked, between Robs legs.

Dr. Hartwell gave her the okay to start manipulating Robs cock again. She wrapped her hand around the bulbous head of his penis and Rob’s body went stiff as she slid her fist down his shaft. For a second, she thought he was going to spontaneously blow his load at her first touch, but he was okay. She knew she’d have to be more careful each time as he was completely beyond any point he’d ever been before. It wasn’t long before Dr. Hartwell told her to stop again.

Poor Rob. His breathing was coming in gasps. He was thrusting his hips, quite pointlessly, frustratingly, into the air, trying to find some little bit of friction for his cock to bring him the relief he was in need of. The girls in the class were staring slack jawed at Robs throbbing cock. Rob was a wreck now, looking at Shelly between his legs, he was muttering almost unintelligently, “Please? Please? Please!”

Dr. Hartwell asked Rob “Are you okay?”

“Please, Dr. Hartwell, let Shelly finish me off. Please, I can’t take anymore!”

Dr. Hartwell laughed lightly, “Don’t worry Rob, it won’t be much longer. And believe me, it will have been well worth the wait when I do finally have Shelly finish you.”

With that, Dr. Hartwell had Shelly carefully work him to the brink twice more without letting him come. The female students were amazed. A cute brunette commented “I’ve never seen a cock that hard before. It looks like it’s going to split wide open, it’s swollen so hard.”

The blonde across from her observed, “Have you ever seen that much pre-come before? It just continually flows out.”

The brunette responded back, “I bet he’d come if you touched it with a feather, or even just blew on it hard.”

They both laughed and the blonde asked, “Dr. Hartwell, are you going to let Shelly put him out of his misery now? I’m beginning to feel sorry for him.”

Dr. Hartwell turned to Rob and tried to get his attention. He was rocking his hips back and forth while muttering and groaning. “Rob, listen to me carefully. I’m going to have Shelly finish you off now.”

That seemed to get his attention, he still couldn’t speak coherently, but his eyes widened and he looked at Dr. Hartwell. “I’m quite certain you’ve never been to this level of arousal without relief before and the ejaculation you’re about to experience will be rather intense. I don’t want you to hurt yourself by pulling against the restraints. Do you understand?”

“Uh huh”, he grunted.

“Ok, just watch me, look into my eyes while Shelly finishes you off and do as I tell you.”

Dr. Hartwell turned to Shelly, “Ok Shelly, grasp Robs penis at the bottom of the shaft and pull down gently, so that the skin tightens all over his shaft. That will heighten the sensation in his nerves so you can make him ejaculate gently without any vigorous stroking.”

Shelly did as instructed, slowly and carefully. The veins in his shaft stood out that much more and the head was all purple and swollen.

Dr. Hartwell continued. “Now Shelly, take just the tip of your index finger and gently rub the glans of his penis.

Shelly kept a firm grip around the base of Robs cock and brought her finger gently into contact with the sensitive underside, just below the head.

Dr. Hartwell was bent over, speaking softly to Rob while her hand stroked his hair. “Breathe deep Rob, try not to tense up. Just let it come on it’s own, you’ll be fine.”

Shelly felt it before she saw it, a huge pulse coming through Robs shaft and a torrent of jism flying out of his penis. Rob was moaning loudly as the first shot flew over his shoulder and hit the table. The second shot landed on his face from his chin, all the way up into his hair. The next two fell on his neck. He was covered in come and his cock was still spurting, less forcefully now, covering his stomach.

Shelly was so turned on now, holding Robs semi hard cock in her hand, she decided she would get herself off as soon as she got in the changing room. She was just waiting for Dr. Hartwell to wrap up the class. But Dr. Hartwell surprised her and the class, not to mention Rob, when she announced, “Class, most people don’t know it but men are capable of multiple orgasms. They just require an intense level of arousal and stimulation. Shelly and I will now demonstrate this on our subject as we bring him to a second consecutive orgasm.”

Dr. Hartwell was putting a latex surgical glove onto her right hand as she explained to the class. “Shelly will continue masturbating Rob as I stimulate his prostate. This will be accomplished by inserting my finger into his rectum and massaging the prostate directly.”

Dr. Hartwell had Shelly moved to Rob’s side as she took up position between his spread legs. Rob had a worried and confused look on his face. Shelly began rhythmically stroking the length of his cock. She watched as Dr. Hartwell applied some lube to her gloved hand and lifted Rob’s balls with her left hand as she probed for his anus with her right.

She must have found it. Rob gasped and squirmed. It looked like he was trying to escape her invasion of his ass, but because of the restraints, he couldn’t. He whimpered quietly to Dr. Hartwell, “Please, I can’t take anymore.”

Dr. Hartwell responded, “Relax Rob, it will go a lot easier. I still need to get my finger in deeper to reach your prostate.” Rob took some deep breaths and his body seemed to relax.

Dr. Hartwell said, “That’s it. Doesn’t that feel good?” as she worked his prostrate.

“Yes.” Rob responded weakly. His cock had stiffened considerably in Shelly’s hand. After several minutes of stroking, the students started remarking to Dr. Hartwell that they didn’t think he was going to come again.

Dr. Hartwell’s response was that he just needed something more than manual stimulation. “Shelly, would you please mount Rob on the table so he can get some vaginal stimulation? That might be all that he needs.”

Shelly didn’t have to be asked twice, this was the chance she needed to get herself off. She turned to the student next to her and asked him to help her up. She braced her arm on the table as he held her as she tried to swing her right leg up onto the table, almost as if she were saddling a horse. She didn’t make it. So this time the student cupped his hand under her naked butt cheeks to boost her up. As she swung her right leg up again, he gave her a push. Of course her legs spread to straddle Robs torso and this caused the students hand to slip between her legs. She was so wet that his hand spread her lips and she could feel at least a couple of his fingers slide right inside of her. She gasped and looked at him. He embarrassedly removed his hand as she told him, “Don’t worry, it felt good.”

She was now straddling Rob’s stomach, his massive gobs of semen mixing with her wetness. She felt a hand on her hip and turned to look over her shoulder. Dr. Hartwell had Robs cock in her hand, pointing it up at Shelly’s swollen pussy. Because of the raised portion of Rob’s knees in the stirrups, she had to scrunch down against him and slide back to meet his cock, instead of sitting down on it, as she’d normally do when she was on top. Just the rubbing of her clit against his body felt good. She stopped when she felt Robs cock-head against her lips. She knew there’d be no resistance and he would slide right in, but Dr. Hartwell was rubbing the head up and down the length of her slit, just to make sure. She couldn’t wait any longer to feel him inside her, so she pushed back to let him into her. The only resistance was when she met Dr. Hartwell’s hand, a couple of inches below the head of Robs cock. Her hand let go and Shelly sunk all of the way down onto him with a loud moan. The male student standing right next to her was staring while he stroked his hard on through his pants. Her tits were hanging in Rob’s face, occasionally slapping him. Rob wasn’t really paying attention to it, being as he was lost in the sensation Dr. Hartwell’s finger was causing deep inside him. Shelly was using Rob just as she would a dildo. She focused on the guy standing next to her and got into a rhythm with his masturbation, humping, back and forth on Robs cock with the same pace. She gasped to him, “Come with me.” He nodded his assent as they watched each other’s faces and movements, each gauging how close the other one was to coming.

Shelly was closing in on her own orgasm when she felt a hand on her ass. Surprised, she turned around to find it was Dr. Hartwell. She was trying to push Shelly off of Robs cock as she continued to hump him. Dr. Hartwell said, “Quick Shelly, get off of him. He’s about to come, I want the class to see.”

Shelly was right on the edge of her release and didn’t want to stop, but Dr. Hartwell was pushing her, so she slid forward. Robs cock slid out of her wet pussy. Dr. Hartwell had taken Robs cock in her hand as Shelly came off of it so she could keep his stimulation continuous, milking him with her hand to mimic the feeling he’d had while inside her pussy. When Shelly slid forward, she quickly moved her right hand to her clit furiously rubbing it. Robs face was between her tits and her face was now inches from the male students hand, jerking his cock through his pants. She heard Dr. Hartwell say to the class, “Look everyone, he’s about to ejaculate!”

She looked up at her partner and told him “I’m close, real close, come with me.” Then she felt it. Several hot splashes of come, that hit her right between the spread lips of her sex. Dr. Hartwell must have jerked Rob off right onto her pussy. It pushed her over the edge and she cried out “Coming! Coming! Oh God, I’m coming!” Her jerk off partner thrust his hips, the bulge in his pants coming in contact with her face as he grunted. She could see his cock throb and a large wet spot formed from the load he was spurting. Shelly collapsed onto Rob’s chest in sweet exhaustion. Two of the students gently helped her down off of the table. She looked down at the floor and saw cum (hers and Robs) dripping from her, unto the floor.

As Shelly and Rob were helped off to the dressing room, Dr. Hartwell addressed the class, “Thank you for attending today’s demonstration. I hope that you all found it educational and enjoyable. I can tell by looking at many of you that you are sexually stressed, if you feel that you need sexual release, please feel free to utilize the time remaining as needed. I will keep the classroom doors locked until the top of the hour.”
