Stripped at a pool party

Well here is good one from last summer. My friend Mike had a pool party one weekend while his parents were away. It was a real bash. My girlfriend's friend came along but wasn't expecting it to be a pool party and didn't have a suit. Well after a few drinks we convinced her to go into the water in just her bra and panties as her bathing suit. She had a black bra on but her panties were white and not very snug. After they got wet they were very see through and did not stay up very well either. From in front you could see right through. She had her pubic hair trimmed into a small thin strip. One time while pushing herself out of the water her panties came down and we all saw her bare butt and puss before she got up and pulled them up extremely fast with an embarrassed look on her face. My friend told her she should just go in naked since we could see everything anyway but she was not drunk enough to do that. 

After that he and his girlfriend decided to see if they could depants her right in front of everyone just for fun. As I already said there were some drinks flowing. They hovered around her for a while and next time she was about to dive they each grabbed a side of her panties and pulled down as she dove in. She came right out of her underwear leaving her totally bottomless in the water. One of the girls took her panties away as well as her other clothes and ran off hiding them somewhere. So here is this girl in the pool totally embarrassed with no bottoms on not knowing what to do next. I must admit she had a very nice butt and puss. She demanded her panties back but no one would get them or give her anything else to cover with. She was the joke of the party and no one would help her! 

Laughing and taunting her they left her like that till she had to get out on her own and go look for her clothes. She ran around the backyard of this guy’s house in front of us all trying to find her clothes for a good 10 to 15 minutes while everybody got good long views of her butt and pussy. She had a very sexy stomach and belly button too. We were all making comments about her shaved pussy and her landing strip. 

Then my friend's girlfriend, who I think was jealous of this girl because her boyfriend seemed so interested in her, ran up behind her and started trying to undo her bra. The bottomless girl freaked and tried to fight her off but in between covering her pussy and trying to get away it was futile. Once my friend's girl got her bra undone it turned into a major wrestling match with this poor girl screaming and fighting as she got her bra, the only thing left from rendering her completely naked, taken away from her now too. She had such nice bouncy boobs I almost got a boner in my pants. 

Buck naked and hugely embarrassed now she had to push her way though the laughing mob trying to get into the house to hide but we would not let her. We left her standing there cowering stark naked and soaking wet with one hand cupping her puss and the other arm covering her bare boobs for another good 10 minutes. No one would let her leave or use even a towel to cover up with. It was so humiliating for her, yet such a turn on for me and the rest of us from what I could guess. 

Eventually someone got her clothes and gave them back to her. She got them back on quickly and left the party shortly after, obviously completely embarrassed still. In the long run it worked in her favor because all the guys who saw her naked thought she was hot and she got asked out on dates a lot more after that. 
