Loba Andrade was new to the Apex Games, but she wasn't new to The Game. The heist, the hunt. She surveyed her ten competitors assembled before her in this shithole bathroom. The soldier, the scientist, the engineer... none seemed a particularly difficult mark. She glanced at the bartender, the one with the holograms: almost no challenge at all with him.
Someone coughed uncomfortably, peanut shells crunching under shifting feet. Silence was a tool in the belt of the patient. But it was time to break it. "Thank you all for coming! You should be honored; I usually work alone."
The soldier snickers at this, covering it up - poorly - with a false cough. "Bangalore... need a drink, General?" The soldier responded straight-faced, no fun. "I'll pass. Need to keep my wits about me. This time of night, got some real shady elements in here." She has no idea. "And trash doesn't take itself out." Ouch. The big one with the shield, leaning against the back wall, rolled his eyes. Loba noticed, noticing things one of her best attributes. She leaned forward slightly and cocked her hips, displaying some of her other best attributes.
"I won't keep you then. Let's get to it. I'm looking to add a rare and valuable treasure to my collection. And in return? You can make use of my various talents for... well, for whatever you desire." A few eyebrows raised. Loba considered giving examples, making use of her expensive dirt. The bartender Elliot Witt's mother's untreated illness, perhaps, or the medic Ajay Che's war criminal parents. The doctor's alleged crimes would be fun to reveal. She'd spent weeks, and thousands of credits, finding leverage on every one of these fools.
"Maybe you'd like..." The daredevil heir - Octavio "Octane" Silva - interrupted, barely able to keep from hopping and clearly on a dozen different stimulants, "Everybody knows what you mean Loba, just get on with it! Who's first?" Ajay punched him in the shoulder, hard.
Loba smiled; it couldn't really be that easy could it? Well, these "legends" have been isolated in a remote world for months with no good company and a near-constant adrenaline rush... Change of plans then.
"But first, I need your help," she purred. "However, there are two issues in terms of retrieving the treasure. One - it's broken into pieces, scattered throughout Kings Canyon. And two... it's not in 'our' Kings Canyon. Apparently, there's a different... I don't know, I guess you'd call it another... dimension. Luckily, one of us happens to have spent a short time there and is familiar with its... locals, so to speak."
The robot practically burst through the front of the small crowd. "Me! It was me! And everyone was a shadow, and the dead walked around moaning all night. All my friends said I made it up!"
"Apparently you did not. Which is why you're our guide, Pathfinder. And Wraith will be our way in." Loba turned to the pale petite skirmisher in the back. Seduction was obviously not an option for the robot, but perhaps Renee the Wraith...
"Hold up, I never agreed to..." Wraith protested. Loba pushed on.
"Each of you is important. I ask you to work with me - together. We'll go in at night, in shifts. Find each piece and bring it back here, where Crypto and Wattson can help assemble it." The nerds should be easy to bat an eyelash or two at.
Crypto pushed back weakly. "Assemble it? How do I know this 'treasure' isn't some sort of trap?" Loba went for flattery. "Whatever it is, I'm sure you're prepared enough to protect yourself. That's why we need you. I've learned it's some sort of tech - so who better than our premier hacker and most brilliant engineer to take it on?" She put the right emphasis on all the right words, matched with a come-hither smile and some cleavage.
Wattson's attention stayed rigidly attached to Crypto. "A chance to work together? Usually we're opposed, but now we have the same... charge! Get it?" She was hopeless.
Loba resumed, shifting attention to the soldier. "And obviously, we'd fail miserably without the guidance and leadership of our general, Bangalore."
"Sergeant 1st Class will be fine, Loba. Not a general yet." It was stiff, but hardly a rebuke.
"Of course you aren't," Loba stated with a dismissive tone.
The robot spoke again. "I don't think I like this. Last time I went to that Kings Canyon, Revenant was in charge. And he was scary - even more than he is now... and that's a lot!"
"And that is why we must all make a pact." Loba leaned forward, purportedly to appear conspiratorial. She lowered her voice to a private stage-whisper. "The demonio can never know what we're doing."
Her first and easiest mark, Elliot the "Mirage," quipped from the front "cause he'd eat us?" Wraith corrected him. "Because he'd want that life. That power." Mirage seemed undaunted. "Right. Exactly... And then he'd eat us." Speaking of eating him, she needed to keep him back after the others leave. He could venture into the Shadowlands first, his decoys the perfect tool for distracting its locals and escaping with the prize. Besides, getting him on her side would be trivial. Still, not to be distracted.
"He can't know. Play this close to the chest. If he finds out... It's not good for any of us."
Mirage cracked a joke, everyone swore to secrecy, and the legends began to disperse. Mirage turned back to return to his bar, but Loba sauntered forward the two strides to meet him and leaned forward, practically licking his ear with her words. "Send the decoy back, Elliot, if you go first, I think you deserve a... down payment." The corporeal Mirage under her palm blinked out of sight in an instant, a perfect copy turning and starting to wander back into the bar behind his fellow legends.
Loba slipped her bracelet off her wrist, placed it on the ground next to her, and walked out of the room with everyone else. Mirage reappeared, confused, only to leap nearly out of his skin a moment later when Loba popped back into existence in front of him, her bracelet humming with energy.
"Where were we, beautiful?" she grinned. "A down payment?" She bent down, displaying her heart-shaped bubbly ass through her skin-tight pants, picked up her jump drive bracelet, and looked up at Mirage's dumbfounded face. Instead of standing, she pushed her knees forward into a kneeling position, and deftly slipped open Elliot Witt's fly. If she could crack a safe in ten seconds, she could undue a zipper in less than one.
Elliot didn't even try to resist or back out. Looking down at her, and back at the locals outside in his bar, why should he? He leaned into it, placing a manicured hand on her shoulder. She tipped forward, pulled his cock out, and gagged it down in one motion. "Haha, oh my God that incr... inc... awesome!" He blurted out with the difficulty and enthusiasm of a stuttering schoolboy. She slipped him out of her mouth, replacing it with both hands rapidly stroking up and around his shaft with practiced dexterity, which left her free to smirk up at him. She might be the one on her knees, but she was in total control. Hell, this holograph-slinging bartender was halfway-decently-looking anyway, this could be fun. She resumed gagging him down, alternating with precision timing between her hot wet mouth and rapid firm strokes.
As she began to match one of her strokes with gently caressing his balls with her tongue, she started to see the first evidence of his balls in his behavior: he grabbed on of her tight pigtail braids and pulled her up to him, slipping his other hand down to grasp her perfect rear and kissing her hard. She could respect a man who would kiss a woman while he could still taste himself, but that wasn't going to work for her. She pulled her face back and gave him a sly smile. "No no no, Mr. Witt, no kissing. This is business." She wrapped a silken hand around his exposed penis. "Fucking, however..."
She turned around, leaving her hand to linger on his dick for as long as possible before letting her hand fall away to the waist of her pants, pulling her corset top up enough to reveal a slim line of bronze skin. Facing away from him, she leaned forward slightly and undid the highest of her thigh- straps, letting it fall away with a small clank. She shimmied and eased her pristine white pants down as far as her knee-high boots and holster would allow, revealing toned smooth tan skin. Mirage groaned, lost for words. Nothing was between them. He stepped forward a half-step and lined his dick up with her waxed slit, which gave way like an overripe fruit, sinking his tip into her. God she was wet.
Loba let out an exaggerated moan, playing everything up an order of magnitude. To make a man feel special who already knew you were trying to make him feel special, you had to go beyond parody so that their pride made them doubt their own very-reasonable skepticism. She shimmied again, pushing back slightly to force his dick halfway into her. He gave up hesitating and pushed the rest of the way, bringing on hand to rest on her vested shoulder. Bottomed-out, he stopped to slip the vest off, revealing trim muscled shoulders. She peeled it off her arms and dropped it to the grimy floor in front of them, revealing a hook and clasp holding her corset top in place. He undid it and pulled down the zipper. The corset fell to the floor on top of the vest, leaving her perfect firm breasts to be caressed by Elliot's free hand. He began to move.
Slowly at first, Mirage pulled back and pushed forward into her, prompting a sexy yelp from Loba with each stroke. "Fuck me, gorgeous," she hummed in that slick Latin accent. He started to fuck her.
Loba had fucked many men and women over the past decade or so, and for all of his bluster... Mirage wasn't bad. He settled into a steady rhythm, slapping his hips against hers, holding one of her supple breasts in one hand and her hip bone in the other. "Oh yeah," he started between panting breaths, "gotta... say... Loba... I gotta... say... I don't... know... but..." She had to shut him up. She pulled herself forward and reached behind her to push him firmly against the nearest wall. "You talk too much, honey, and rarely have anything to say." Making sure he was braced against the wall, she hopped up onto him, letting him catch her by the thighs. She stared at him with golden eyes highlighted by bold red eyeshadow, and rocked into him, letting is dick slip back inside her.
He got the idea. He got back into a rhythm, letting her bounce up and down on him, thrusting up with short-breathed moans. He was on the edge. Only needed a little more... She threw her head back, moaning like a porn star and grinding hard. "Hey, Loba, um, a little..." She resumed eye contact. He was going to cum. He was hers. "Inside me, beautiful, I'm safe." The miracles of 26th- century family planning technology. She gripped him with rock-hard leg muscles to be sure, squeezing and massaging his dick inside her with her inner muscles. That worked. "Oh, Loba, I... ahhh!" He began to spray her insides with cum, coating her vagina in spurt after spurt of jizz. Taking a moment to recover, she sighed, then let herself down. "Did you...?" he started to ask. She grabbed the top of his head and pushed down, laughing. "No."
Mirage gave a momentary yelp at that, but dropped to his knees. She lifted one booted foot and placed it flat against the wall, leaning forward into his mouth. "Get to it, Mr. Witt." Mirage let out a muffled affirmation and went to town, licking enthusiastically. His scruffy beard itched against her thigh, but his mouth made up for it. He does have a skilled tongue after all, she mused as an orgasm rose. She worked her fingers in his hair as they started involuntarily spasming, shuddering from her core outward. "Ah, ah, ah, ah, AHHHHH, YESSSSSS!" Loba started to come down, and pulled him out. He looked almost disappointed. "Ahhhhh..." she let out a satisfied sigh to let him know he did good.
"Elliot, I need something from you." Straight back to business, if it ever wasn't business. "I need you to go in for the artifact first. And if you succeed for me?" She touched his chin, lifted his gaze passed her flat toned stomach and pert aroused breasts to her shining golden eyes. "I know your dear mother needs help, Elliot. That can be arranged." Mirage didn't argue, but he was clearly thrown that she knew. He faked a grin, always the deceiver. He chuckled. "Whatever you need, I got you. I'll be back in time for dinner."
Keep them off balance, keep them eating from the palm of your hand. Loba turned, pulled her pants back up, and picked up her corset top. "Now be a dear and re-fasten this. You have a mission to get to."