Smile for the Camera!
by superevil7

Chapter 4

John had just cum explosively once again in front of the girls, and at the hand of his little sister no less! Quite impressively, in fact, as it was the second time in a few hours. His hormones and libido were in overdrive, as the reality of keeping his younger sister Nancy, and her best friend Kerry, two girls so close to him in age, naked, was the most excitement he had ever had in his life. Not to mention that he had now had each girl jerk him off one time. He felt like he was in absolute paradise.

"John, your shirt." Nancy stifled her giggling, pointing at him. His latest cum had splattered all over his t-shirt covered chest.

"Aw jeez." He looked down at himself in frustration. "Guess I better go change." He said, getting up and pulling his pants back on. "I'll be back in a flash." And he headed up the stairs.

Both girls couldn't help giggling once he had gone. "I'm glad I don't make such a mess when I do it." Kerry commented.

"I know. Me too." Nancy laughed even harder at her friend's statement.

Kerry took a step forward, as she was about to sit down on the couch next to her friend, but something caught her eye. "What's that?" She asked, pointing at the bookshelf behind the couch.

"What's what?" Nancy asked, turning slightly to look behind herself, where Kerry had pointed.

"That!" Kerry pointed again, seeing the slight blink of a red LED for a split second. She went around the couch, to the bookshelf, and pushed a few of the books out of the way. "It's a camera!" She looked back at her friend in shock.

Nancy got up, joining her on the other side of the couch. "Oh my god!" She reached out and picked up the little go pro like camera that was previously stealthily hidden behind the books. "He's been recording us this whole time!" She looked at her friend in panic, not sure what to do.

"Yes, I have been." John came back into the room, snatching the camera from her hands, and he stuffed it in his pocket. "Look, don't take this the wrong way, but I wanted a little more insurance that you girls would keep doing what I say."

Both girls were feeling hurt now, especially Kerry who looked completely upset. He could tell he needed to do something to get back into their good graces. "What can I do to make it up to you, girls?"

They both gave him a look of surprise, and then both girls started whispering back and forth to one another, not letting him hear their discussion. When the two seemed settled on what they wanted, Kerry was the one who spoke. "We think you should get naked too for the rest of the night, just like us."

It was exactly what he had expected to hear, so he gave a little shrug, and whipped his t-shirt off. "You two must really like how I look, huh? This is the second time Kerry has asked for this today." He said, making them both blush. Now he had his pants down, and he kicked them off his feet to one side. Then he made a little show, pulling his boxers down to the top of his pubis, just before any of his penis would begin to show, but then yanked them back up and gave a little chuckle. The girls had been staring at him so intently, waiting for him to reveal himself once again, he couldn't pass up the opportunity to mess with them a little.

The girls both looked at his face in disappointment, but he just stuck his tongue out at them, and then pushed his boxers down for real this time. Now the girls got the chance to study him in his relaxed state. Kerry in particular hadn't seen him like this much. His three and a half inch penis was a little surprising to her, and she wondered how it could possibly get so big when he was excited. Everything else looked about the same, his dark pubic hair, not quite as curly as hers, and his scrotum. Although it did look like it was hanging down just a tad more, like it was a bit looser looking.

For Nancy, seeing her brother like this was almost run of the mill. She was much more interested in how he looked when aroused. "Are you going to make it hard again?" She asked.

He had to laugh. "Nancy, you just got me off like 10 minutes ago. It's gonna take a while for me to be able to again." He explained.

She looked a little disappointed to hear that, so he came over and gave her a hug. "Don't worry. It's a lot of fun having you girls touch me. You'll get to do it again soon."

Nancy never knew a hug could be quite so exciting. Her bare skin was now touching her brother's, and it made her tingle all over. She didn't want to admit it, but jerking him had gotten her aroused once again, even if she had just gotten off a little while ago. She smiled when she felt a twitching sensation on her bare tummy, and looked down to see his penis rise and fall just a bit. "Is it happening!?" She asked excitedly, still holding his arms as they separated a step.

"It'll probably keep doing that for a while. It's exciting watching you girls naked. And I'll even admit it is exciting being naked in front of you too." He gave a quick blush.

Kerry had just been observing silently, but now she spoke up. "Isn't it my turn next?"

"Oh, sorry Kerry." He took a step towards her, and wrapped her in their own hug.

Kerry turned bright red as he did this. "I meant…" She gave a little gulp as her heart raced. Here she was in a naked embrace with the boy she liked! It was like she couldn't think, as electricity coursed all throughout her whole body!

"Kerry." He whispered into her ear.

"Yeah." She squeaked out, but just barely.

"You're digging your nails into my back."

She quickly separated herself from him, feeling just about as mortified as ever. "Oh my god! I'm so sorry!"

"I'm fine." He gave her a quick smile. "What did you mean then, if you didn't want a hug?" He looked at her knowingly.

Kerry still felt quite embarrassed with herself for what had just happened, and didn't know if she could say it out loud.

"I think she meant it is her turn to jerk you next." Nancy giggled. "Isn't that right, Kerry?" She knew it was mean to do, as her friend stood there looking quite humiliated with herself, but she couldn't resist teasing her anyway. Kerry just nodded her head slightly.

"Alright, that's enough, Nancy." John said, chuckling at his sister's rousing of her friend. "If we say anymore, Kerry's gonna burn up from her blushing."

Kerry couldn't help the way her face was burning, as they brought attention to it. She just wanted them to move on already.

"You girls want to watch another movie?" John said, changing the subject for Kerry's well being. He went and sat down in the middle of the couch, patting the cousins on either side of him. The two girls came and sat down next to him, Kerry to his left, and Nancy on the right.

They then began a discussion of which movie they wanted to watch, scrolling through the streaming service to see what was available. "I want to watch something funny!" Nancy complained, since her brother had stopped on an action flick.

"You girls got to choose last time!" He fired back.

"So what!? We've been going naked for you this whole time, so we should get to pick!" She demanded. "Isn't that right Kerry!?"

"Don't drag me into this!" Kerry had only just gotten over her feelings from before.

Nancy tried to grab the remote from his hand, but he had it in a tight grip. They then got into a tug of war for it, and she used her other hand to try and pry his fingers open. Then she gave a hard yank, and the remote came free from his grasp, but she used so much force that it flew out of her hands and across the room! It ended up landing on the love seat.

The two siblings looked at one another for a split second, and then both made a mad scramble for the remote. Nancy was the closest of the two, and almost had it, but John grabbed her around the waist, and spun her around, tossing her back onto the couch. He then made a move towards it, but she jumped onto his back, causing him to fall face first onto the love seat.

John spun himself around underneath her, and came face to face with his sister. Then he flipped the two of them over, so that he was now on top of Nancy. She noticed the remote, laying right next to them, and reached out, actually getting a hold of it, but had made the mistake of leaving herself vulnerable. Now her armpit was exposed, and he began to tickle her in what he knew was one of her most ticklish spots.

"NO!" She squealed, releasing the remote, and tried pulling her arms down. His hands were already trapped in between though, so it gave her no reprieve. The only way to get him to stop now was to retaliate.

It was difficult to do, as she was laughing so hard, but she brought her hands up to tickle his bare tummy, hoping that would be enough to get him to stop. "AHHH! NO!" He exclaimed through his own laughter, but it just made him tickle her even harder.

Through her struggle and wiggling, one of her hands slipped lower down his body. It took her a second to realize, but she was now tickling his bare penis and scrotum. It was a totally foreign sensation for him, part ticklish and part tantalizing, but it made him yield, and he quickly got to his feet, now sporting a half chub.

Nancy smiled up at him in satisfaction. "Looks like I win!" She got up and gave her brother a quick hug, to show there were no hard feelings, but couldn't resist giving the head of his cock another quick tickle with her fingernails afterwards, looking very pleased with herself. John looked back at his sister incredulously, but had to laugh.

"What do you want to watch, Kerry?" She asked her friend, now that she had won control of the remote.

"I was really enjoying watching the two of you wrestle naked, actually. I think I want to see more of that." She giggled at the two of them, happy to make them blush for a change.

The two siblings were not going to just take that from her though, and they silently communicated with one another. Then they both pounced on top of Kerry, tickling her naked and vulnerable body all over! "OH GOD! NO!" She squealed through her laughter, just as they had done before. She tried with all of her might to wiggle her way free from them, but they had her completely trapped.

She ended up laying on her back on the couch. Nancy was sitting on top of her midsection now, while John had managed to get underneath her. Her head rested on his thigh, while he was tickling under her arms. Nancy, meanwhile, concentrated her manipulations on the girl's tummy and sides, but couldn't help noticing her vulnerable privates. It had been so much fun with her brother, she couldn't resist trying it out on her friend too. She brought her hands down to tickle the outer lips of Kerry's hairy vulva.

Kerry got her own mixed feelings, as her privates tingled in delight. She couldn't stop her uncontrollable laughing, but what she felt her friend doing was also quite pleasurable to her. She could feel her wetness seeping out, and her little clit standing up, as Nancy's fingers would push the lips of her sex into it every so often, as they danced over her bare privates. "PLEASE NANCY! TOUCH MY CLIT!" She begged, even through the laughter.

Both John and Nancy were surprised to hear that, bringing their manipulations to an abrupt stop. "No please! Don't stop!" Kerry begged, gasping for air. "Keep going! Both of you!"

John now noticed how her nipples were poking out, so left his one hand buried in her armpit, and used the other to start caressing her bare breast, and hard little nipple. "Yes, that's it!" She laughed again, as he continued ticking under her one arm. "PLEASE NANCY! PLAY WITH MY CLIT!" She begged once more.

Nancy had never touched another girl in this way before, but obliged. Opening the outer lips of her friend's sex, she found it to be very much similar to her own. Although she had never known herself to be quite so wet, as Kerry appeared to be now. Her little clit was swollen and pink, and demanding attention. Nancy smiled as she saw it, feeling mischievous. This was going to be fun.

Running her fingers through the wetness to gather some of the moisture, she let one of her fingertips just lightly glide over the pink clit. "OH GOD! YES!" Kerry exclaimed and gave a quick wiggle of her hips. "MORE!" She begged. Nancy was getting quite into the control she had over her friend now, enjoying the way she begged. She wanted to tease her friend and drive her wild, until Kerry couldn’t stand it anymore. She repeated her actions again, just barely making contact with the pleading girl’s pearl. Kerry’s hips danced again, but then she just felt frustrated that the touch had been so short. “PLEASE!”

Nancy just giggled, repeating the process again and again, until she had done it at least 10 times to the girl. With every touch, Kerry had tried to thrust her hips upwards to feel the contact she desired, but Nancy was the one in control here, and wouldn’t let her. She switched up her teasing, lightly running her finger along the left edge of her friend’s clit, up around the top, and down the right side, barely making contact with the hard little pebble beneath the skin. It was driving Kerry mad! “OH GOD! PLEASE NANCY!” Tears began steaming down her cheeks; she felt so aroused that it hurt!

Nancy couldn’t think of anything more to do, so she gathered up a bit more of Kerry’s juices, and then went to town wiggling her finger directly over her over sensitive clitoris! That was all it took to set Kerry off, and she lost all control over herself in probably the most intense orgasm of her young life! “OH GOD! OH FUCK! OH…!” She screamed her head off, bucking around wildly! Nancy almost got thrown off of her, she became so wild! John was still there though, and held her by the arms and shoulders, so she couldn’t hurt herself.

Nancy’s mischievous streak wasn’t satisfied, however. Once her friend stopped moving so wildly, Nancy brought her hand right back down to touch her clit again. Kerry went right back to wiggling wildly, although most of her energy was now gone, and she couldn’t move as much. The touch set her off again though, something neither girl was expecting, as neither were aware of multiple orgasms until now. From the way Kerry continued to hump her hips, Nancy thought she was assuredly enjoying it, so she continued her touching.

Kerry was gasping for air, and it meant she could not communicate properly. She finally got a good breath, and said, “NO MORE! PLEASE STO–AHHHHHHH!” She came for a third time, shouting her little head off!

Nancy finally stopped, watching as her friend’s bucking hips finally came to a rest after another minute. She couldn’t help having a little satisfied smile, as she got off of her friend.

John was practically speechless at that point, and at a loss on what to do. He had never seen anything so incredible in his life! His cock was back to being as rigid as it had ever been, something Nancy was quick to point out. “Look, you’re ready again!”

He made a move like he was going to get up, but Kerry looked up at him with pleading eyes. “Please don’t.” She squeezed his hand. Somehow in all of that his hand had moved from tickling her to just holding hers in support.

“Don’t worry, I won't.” He gave a half smile down at her. “I think that’s enough for now, Nancy.” He looked at his sister.

Nancy had a very satisfied grin on her face, but got worried. “Are you two mad at me?”

“I’m not.” John said, looking down at the pretty girl resting her head on his lap.

Kerry shook her head no, as she was hardly able to speak. “Just want to rest.” she explained, shutting her eyes closed, and soon she drifted off to a very sound sleep.

John suggested that Nancy put on whatever she wanted to watch, but to do it quietly, after that. “Will you grab me that blanket?” The two spread it out on top of Kerry, so she could rest peacefully.

Nancy put on a TV show she liked, and took a seat on the love seat, but was having trouble sitting still. She was all worked up after having done that to her friend. She also kept glancing over at her brother's hard cock. She was just able to peek at the head of it, since that was all that was visible with Kerry's sleeping head in the way. After 10 minutes, she was fidgeting uncomfortably, clamping her legs together to try and get some kind of pleasurable feeling.

"Would you hold still?" Her brother complained from across the room.

Nancy couldn't help blushing, knowing her brother had been watching her just as much as she was looking at him. "I'm sorry. I'm trying!"

"Shh! You'll wake Kerry!" He scolded.

Kerry let out a little yawn, opening her eyes and smiling up at him. The 10 minutes or so had been enough of a power nap for her. Her eyes drifted further upwards from her perspective, taking in the sight of John's still erect cock, and she giggled, "What a nice view to wake up with." She smiled gorgeously up at him again.

John couldn't help smiling back at her. "Nice to see you awake, princess."

She rolled herself sideways towards him, and got a mischievous grin of her own. "Would a princess do this?" She propped herself up on her elbow, taking his cock into her mouth!

"Kerry!" He went wide-eyed with surprise, and then couldn't contain his glee as her tongue danced around the head of his cock! He was the one squirming in pleasure now, and he let out a loud, "Oh fuck!"

Kerry had flipped all the way over now, onto her stomach, and she began to bob her head up and down. Something she had seen in a porn video once or twice. "Jesus, Kerry!" He put his hand on the back of her head, and started thrusting his hips up and down in time with her. "Oh my god, that's so good!" He exclaimed, looking down at the back of her head.

"Um hmmm!" Kerry giggled with her mouth so full. She had dreamt of doing this to him for a long time, and now he had lowered her inhibitions enough that she felt confident doing it.

John was certainly not going to complain. Truth be told, his dreams were very similar to hers. Over the last few hours, he had been trying to slowly push the two girls to get more comfortable with more and more erogenous acts. But now Kerry had blown clear past anything he had ever expected. He hadn’t even touched her yet, and now she was already giving him a blow job! Maybe he had underestimated what she would be comfortable with doing?

One thing he had never expected was to have his little sister watch as he was given his first ever blow job. It blew his mind, when he looked over at Nancy, since she had her hand down between her legs again, furiously rubbing herself, with her eyes locked onto what her friend was doing to her brother in front of her.

“Oh god, Kerry! Oh yeah, that feels so good! Ung! Yeah use your tongue right there! Yeah baby!” His eyes rolled back into his head, and he could feel the building of his ejaculation coming soon. “OOH! KERRY! IT’S HAPPENING SOON…! KERRY, WATCH OUT!” He started bucking his hips up and down wildly, unable to control himself as he came what felt like buckets now! Kerry wasn’t sure what she was going to do before he started cumming, but once he announced it, she decided she wanted to try and take it into her mouth. She wasn’t quite prepared for the force of it, but hung in there, taking it the best she could. She coughed a lot, and her eyes began to water, but she eventually swallowed most of it down. Only a little ended up dribbling out of the corner of her mouth.

Over on the love seat, Nancy came to her own release. “OOOOOHHHHH! YESSSSSSS! OHHHHHHH! FUUUUUCK!” She exclaimed, gyrating her own hips in pure pleasure.

By the time they were done cumming, all three looked completely exhausted. John was slumped back on the couch, with his arms splayed out to either side of him, one resting on Kerry’s back. Kerry was just resting her head in his lap, still on her stomach, the rest of her body still length wise on the couch. Although she had lost her blanket to the floor, and she was completely bare again. Nancy had collapsed over onto her side, and now pulled her head up to rest on the armrest of the little couch. She put her legs up to hang off the other edge, since she was too tall to fit fully.

“I think it’s time for bed.” John commented, and the girls both nodded in agreement, but no one made any other movement from where they had ended up, and soon all three drifted off to dreamland right where they were.
