Hayley's Sixth Photoshoot 
by Englishanon

      Hayley's photoshoots progress further.

      Hayley’s Saturday was unusually booked all day, thanks to Dan and Pete. In addition to the shoot with Siobhan being arranged, she had also agreed to spend most of the day shooting, from ten in the morning until six at night. Shehe was putting in a full eight hours, and Hayley was really looking forward to it as normal.
      She had seen the pictures of her new partner and Craig on Pete’s website, and like Dan, noticed how similar their bodies were. The week flew past, and before she knew it, she was undergoing her pre-shoot shower routine. Once she was ready, she went to say goodbye to Dan, and asked if he had any more challenges for her on the shoot.
      “Well, I hadn’t really thought about it, to be honest. How about, you just go with whatever happens or they suggest, within reason. Obviously so long as it’s legal, but if one of them suggests shooting outdoors, for example, you just go with it,” He said, not really wanting to push her too much for a shoot with essentially a stranger.
      She left for the shoot and arrived early, just as Pete had finished setting up the day. Hayley had multiple sets of lingerie, bikinis, and other sexy outfits to wear, and after their initial chat and Pete’s standard disclaimer, she headed upstairs to slip out of her dress to get started on the first set of the day. The first few sets flew past, and they were rapidly approaching one o’clock, the time Siobhan would be joining them, without even realising it.
      Moving (at Hayley’s request) to the garden for a bikini shoot, Pete made sure that the front door was unlocked so that Siobhan could walk straight in without him needing to open it, and he quickly texted her to tell her so, before he and Hayley got started.
      The shoot began as normal, with Hayley wearing the bikini and slowly taking it off. The high fences on either side of Pete’s garden provided them with some degree of privacy, and because she stood next to the conservatory at the back of his house, any neighbours couldn’t see anything either. The only way anybody could possibly have seen anything, would have been to be peeking through the gap in the fence where the gate was, and that would have been a little creepy, so she was completely relaxed in doing the shoot.
      It wasn’t long before she had dispensed with the bikini completely, and was happily posing naked against the wall and windows of the conservatory, which had the blinds drawn to give a cleaner shot. Hearing Siobhan call hello as she entered, Hayley wasn’t bothered, since they would be doing a shoot together soon anyway, and continued posing as Pete shouted that they were in the garden as his camera beeped away. What neither of them realised though, was that Siobhan hadn’t realised Pete had arranged to spend the day shooting with Hayley, and had decided to invite Craig along for another shoot later.
      It was only as he walked outside without Siobhan, who was putting her bag of clothes changes upstairs, that anybody even realised he was there, and he was immediately treated to a sight of Hayley, full-frontal nude.
      “Oh shit! I’m sorry. I didn’t know you were shooting with anyone else!” He said, turning around, even though he had already seen everything. “Siobhan said to come round with her as she was going a shoot with someone else, and then wanted to do another one with me after if you had time.”
      “Well, she didn’t ask me, or even mention it!” Pete spat, highly annoyed that his photoshoot had been interrupted, and that the surprise guest had clearly shaken Hayley.
      Craig headed back inside as Pete seethed, feeling guilty that it almost seemed like it had been set up to make sure Craig got an eyeful without telling anyone, but after giving Siobhan a dressing down inside, he realised it was a genuine mistake, and calmed himself down. It took Hayley a few minutes to regain her composure from the incident as well, but she was soon back in the swing of it, even getting slightly turned on by the fact Craig had seen her.
      Once the bikini shoot finished, Hayley put it back on and followed Pete inside, heading straight upstairs to where Siobhan was waiting, sitting on the edge of the bed in nothing but sheer lingerie as she chatted to Craig, who was on the chair by the dressing table. Hayley went into the small bedroom to get changed as Pete adjusted a few things in the main bedroom, before pulling out her phone and texting Dan.
      ‘Might be a little later than expected tonight. Siobhan brought Craig round as she wants to do another shoot with him, so I’ll probably let them get in with it after my shoot with her. Love you xx.’
      A few seconds later, her phone pinged with a reply, just as she was pulling up her thong. ‘You wanted a challenge, here you go - Let him watch you and Siobhan… xx.’
      ‘Alright. He has already seen me naked so why not…. I get the feeling that he would want to join in, rather than just look... Xx,’ She texted back.
      ‘So let him if you want to. I told you to have fun, do whatever, go with it. Xx,’ Dan replied. ‘In fact, now I want you to do a shoot with him and Siobhan. I’ll be disappointed if I don’t see pictures of that! Xx,’ He followed up.
      ‘You really want me to do a shoot with both of them? You mean a set with her then one with him? Xx,’ She texted back, trying to clarify what he meant.
      ‘If you want to, then yeah, defo. Why not shoot with them individually? Then with all of you. I’d love to see that. Xx,’ He texted back.
      ‘To be clear, you want me to have sex with both of them individually, then have a threesome??? Xx,’ Hayley responded, almost disbelieving what she was reading.
      ‘I’m saying if you want to, I’d love to see it, and hear about it. Go for it if you want! Xx,’ Dan replied again.
      ‘Ok, but I’m not promising anything. Xx,’ She texted back, before putting her away.
      Looking at the lingerie she had put on, Hayley decided she wanted something a bit more see-through. The text conversation with Dan had spurred her sexuality on a little, and she wanted to really tease Craig a bit, especially if there was a chance she might let him do more than watch. Taking off the set she had originally chosen, Hayley pulled out a different set, one that she had worn for a shoot previously that she knew was a lot more transparent. She slipped it on, and walked out to join the others in the main bedroom.
      Despite Craig having already seen her completely naked outside, he was still highly impressed with the (slightly) dressed Hayley, eyeing her up and down as she entered, and noticing how easily he could see both her nipples, and landing strip. Even Siobhan couldn’t keep from taking a good look as Hayley moved towards the bed and sat down next to her, facing Craig as they finished the conversation.
      “Ok ladies, if you’re ready, shall we get started?” Pete asked. “Craig, since I didn’t know you would be here, and it isn’t fair on Hayley, can I ask you to wait downstairs whilst we do this.”
      “He can stay. I don’t mind. I texted Dan and told him Craig’s here, and he said so long as it doesn’t bother me, it doesn’t bother him either,” Hayley said, bringing a huge smile to Craig’s face.
      “Alright, so long as you two don’t mind, but please make sure you stay back, out of the shot,” Pete told him.
      They got started, like always, by Pete taking a few of the girls messing around and adjusting to being in front of the camera, and it wasn’t too long before their joking flirty behaviour began to progress. It was during a deep kiss when Siobhan broke off, and turned to Pete.
      “Why don’t you get Craig to film us, You’ve got three cameras. Why not put him to use and make him earn the privilege of watching us?” She asked.
      “I never really thought of it, to be honest. If it doesn’t bother either of you, and so long as he is not in the picture, I suppose he could,” Pete responded.
      All three were now looking at Hayley, since it obviously rested on her decision if it would happen or not. On one hand, he was already watching, so why not? But on the other, she had never really noticed the video cameras before, and this would be the first time she was consciously aware of a shoot being filmed as well as photographed…
      After a few seconds of internal deliberation, she decided why not, and voicing this, Craig immediately stood up and moved to Pete, who gave him a basic crash course in using one of the video cameras, before resuming the shoot. The two girls had gone back to the kiss they were involved in before Siobhan’s suggestion, and Craig was moving and focussing on where Pete told him to as Pete continued taking pictures.
      The girls were soon on the bed, Hayley laying on her back with Siobhan kneeling over the top of her, straightening up to remove her bra before leaning down again, reconnecting their lips as both Pete and Craig made sure to capture the moment her small boobs were freed.
      Over the course of the next ten minutes, both girls removed any items of clothing they were previously wearing, leaving them both naked as Pete gave further instructions as to how he wanted them to pose and act. Craig was now almost shadowing him, and whilst recording the action on his video camera as he enjoyed the show being put on before his eyes.
      Siobhan wasted no time going down on Hayley, making sure the two men in the room captured her enjoying the taste of another girl as she licked, nibbled, and sucked on the intimate areas in front of her. Hayley was herself incredibly horny at this point, not only because of Siobhan’s actions, but because there was someone else in the room other than Pete, watching and recording. She instructed Siobhan to rotate her body, ensuring her face was beneath the completely smooth pussy of her partner, and buried her tongue as far as she could.
      The next step was only seconds away, as once Hayley’s tongue was tasting her sweetness, Siobhan buried two, then almost immediately, three fingers inside Hayley’s soaking wet hole. This drew a gasp from Hayley, who then reciprocated the action with her own digits.
      “Oohhh, that feels so good. I think you should put that camera down and fuck me!” Siobhan said, looking at Craig as he stood filming her finger blasting Hayley.
      “I was thinking that exact same thing. Craig, get over here and start fucking this tight little pussy!” Hayley stated, before Pete had any chance to say it would be up to her if he joined in or not.
      Craig looked to Pete, almost as if to seek permission, which Pete just shrugged at, as if to say, ‘Yeah, sure, why not.’ He put the camera back on the tripod it came from, took his t-shirt off, and undid the shorts he was wearing as he moved behind Siobhan. His erection was obvious even through the black Calvin boxer shorts he hadn’t taken off, finally freeing it as he pushed them down and started to crawl the short distance up the bed.
      Like most English males, Craig was also not circumcised, and despite not being as big as Matty was, he still had a sizable length. ‘Very slightly smaller than Dan,’ Hayley thought to herself as she mentally compared them whilst it loomed above her. Kneeling in position, he nonchalantly tugged himself as Pete took a few pictures, before angling it downwards and moving forward, guiding the exposed and engorged end directly to Hayley’s mouth.
      Without thinking twice, Hayley opened wide and took his length in, sucking him for a few seconds before he pushed into Siobhan and started slowly fucking her. Siobhan was still three fingers deep in Hayley, and was now synchronising herself so that every tie Craig pushed into her, she pushed into Hayley, who had herself started rubbing Siobhan’s clit since she couldn’t access it with her mouth.
      For almost ten minutes Pete photographed as Craig thrust in and out of Siobhan, constantly moving around them to capture different shots of them. Any time he seemed to be back towards where Hayley’s head was, Craig would pull out and put himself to her mouth, letting her suck Siobhan’s arousal from his length before resuming his fucking of her.
      Finally, he pulled out of Siobhan and quickly made his way around the bed, crawling up it on his knees and presenting his cock to Siobhan, who immediately took it in her mouth, sucking her own juices from him as she made sure to grind her own bald pussy back onto Hayley’s eager mouth.
      So caught up in orally pleasing Siobhan, Hayley didn’t notice Siobhan’s fingers slide from her, nor when they spread her wide open, essentially offering her up to Craig like a treasure. This was something he was not going to pass up, and after pulling out of Siobhan’s mouth, he guided his rigid member to the waiting entrance before him and pushed in.
      Pete was again in the perfect position to capture when Craig first entered Hayley, his camera beeping constantly as Craig’s hardness made a sustained assault between Hayley’s legs, alternating between long, deep, hard thrusts and shorter, shallower penetrations. Siobhan was also strumming Hayley’s clit like a thrash metal guitarist on speed, leading to a familiar feeling stirring within her, rapidly escalating into a full-blown orgasm.
      As her climax prepared to hit, Hayley quickly realised she had nowhere to go. Her face was buried deep into Siobhan’s slit, which was now pressing her down as she continued to grind herself into the mouth beneath her. Her arms were behind Siobhan’s legs, granting her hands the freedom to play with Siobhan’s pussy, but preventing them from reaching anywhere near where Craig was, and her legs were spread wide by a combination of Siobhan and Craig.
      The orgasm hit, and all Hayley could do was thrash about, desperately trying to get her hyper-sensitive pussy away from both Siobhan’s hand and Craig’s cock as they continued their combined pummelling of her. A series of moans attempted to escape her mouth but were muffled by the shaved quim above it, and her head being held, almost immovable by Siobhan’s legs as she knelt above her.
      Eventually, Hayley managed to get her feet onto the bed, and pushed her hips up as much as she could, finally causing Craig to slip from her and as she came, before almost dropping back onto the bed. What she hadn’t realised though, was that as she lifted herself up, his cock had slipped from her, but not really moved from where it was. As she dropped back down, his dick was directly beneath her ass hole, and now completely soaked from her juices, it was more than sufficiently lubricated to slip easily into her backside.
      Whether Craig thought this was intentional would be open for debate, but as she began letting out louder but still muffled screams, he instantly swept her legs off the bed and into the air, ensuring she wouldn’t be able to lift up again. Despite Hayley’s loud moaning and thrashing, this did nothing to deter Craig as he began thrusting in and out of her, until she finally wiggled free of him. Seeing that as nothing more than a minor inconvenience, he simply lined himself up to her ass hole again and attempted to push in for a second time.
      “Uh-uh, no. Stay the fuck away from my ass!” She instructed loudly and definitively, finally having moved her head to enable her to speak.
      Craig immediately heeded the warning, slipping back into her pussy as Hayley’s recent orgasm was now almost a memory, replaced by the lingering discomfort of having her anus intruded. Siobhan was still positioned above Hayley’s face, and just adjusted herself slightly, as if to motion for the mouth at her quim to resume.
      It wasn’t long after that Craig was ready to cum, pulling out of Hayley at the last possible second and holding his throbbing cock at the bottom, aimed it upwards and shot straight into Siobhan’s waiting face, smiling as it splashed off her and landed on Hayley. Siobhan was quick to take it into her mouth once his load had stopped spurting and was reduced to the odd dribble, sucking him enthusiastically until he was empty.
      Once she was finished and Craig was starting to soften, Siobhan turned her attention to the jizz on Hayley, firstly smearing it around her pubic mound, and then licking it off as Pete photographed. Once the shoot was obviously finished, Pete moved back towards the desk that had his computer and equipment on, and replaced the memory card in his camera.
      Siobhan moved from above Hayley and off the bed, picking up her underwear and starting to get re-dressed, as Craig lay down next to Hayley, taking a few minutes to recover. Whilst doing so, he made small talk with everyone, but made no attempt to cover himself or even think about getting dressed, instead just lying on the bed with everything on show, ‘like he thinks it’s something special’ Hayley thought to herself as she picked up her clothes and headed into the other room.
      “Pete, I’ve had an idea. I need to have a shower to get this cum off me. Shall we do the next set like that, with me in the shower? We can do that as soon as Craig and Siobhan go if you like?” Hayley called through.
      “Yeah, sure. That sounds good and will be something a bit different. Give me a few minutes, and I’ll get it sorted out.” He called back.
      Despite Siobhan being almost completely redressed, Craig was still laying on the bed, having made no effort to get dressed, despite hearing what was just said between Pete and Hayley. Even after Pete asked him fairly politely to start making a move, Craig took his sweet time, winding Pete up a bit.
      “I don’t want to be rude, but can you hurry up a bit please Craig. I’ve still got work to do, and you’re delaying that,” Pete said, getting more and more annoyed by the deliberate snail’s pace Craig was employing.
      “Its fine, man. You two can go and do your shoot. Why do I need to leave? I’ve already seen everything she has got, I just fucked her for fuck sake. I kinda wanna watch!” Craig responded, laughing as he did.
      “I don’t care. To be honest, the shoot was supposed to be Siobhan and Hayley, you’ve come round un-invited, disrupted my solo shoot with Hayley outside, got involved in a shoot you wasn’t supposed to be in, turned an erotic set into basically a fucking porno, and now you won’t go and let me get on with my work. I want three things from you right now. First, an apology for disrupting my shoots. Second, I want you to promise to never turn up here uninvited again, and I mean invited by me, not Siobhan. She doesn’t say who I shoot, I do. And three, I want you to leave so I can get on with my work. If I don’t get all three in the next ten seconds, don’t ever come back. To you, this might just be a chance for you to get a shag, but this is my job, my livelihood. If you don’t respect that, you clearly don’t respect me, and I don’t want to work with someone that doesn’t respect me!” Pete angrily responded, finally having had enough of Craig for one day.
      “Jesus. Calm down. Alright, I’m sorry for turning up unannounced. Siobhan said it would be cool for me to come and do a shoot, I won’t do it again,” Craig replied, having jumped off the bed and quickly put on his boxer shorts, following it with his t-shirt as he looked for the rest of his clothes.
      Within a few seconds, he and Siobhan had left, with Craig mumbling something under his breath as he did, and slamming the front door on the way out. Him leaving made Hayley relax again, despite the drama, and after a few seconds, was in the bathroom, washing herself off in the shower with Pete back to photographing it.
      The next few hours again flew past, with multiple shoots being done and both of them being extremely happy with the results, so when Pete suggested the next set be the last, Hayley wanted to do something a bit more special. She changed outfit in the small room again, but before heading into the main bedroom, took a quick look in the other room, seeing that the temporary curtain had been taken down, and noticing a group of lads sitting on the field behind his house, giving he an idea to recreate Dan’s request from before and let them see her.
      “I’ve got a request for the last shoot.” She said to Pete. “Can we do in the other room, next door?”
      “Err, well, we can if you want, but I took the sheet down so there isn’t a curtain,” Pete replied.
      “That’s ok. I want to do it with the light on as well, so that anyone who looks can see me. I think I’ve become a bit of an exhibitionist, and the thought of people watching is really turning me on,” She explained.
      “Then yeah, ok. Sure we can. I take it you want to start in that?” He asked, referring to the bra and thong she was wearing.
      “Well, actually, I had something else in mind. You go in, by the window, so you’re facing the door, and I’ll be in in a second,” She said, watching as he followed her request, turning on the light in the room with his camera in hand.
      He positioned himself at the side of the window, back to the wall so that he could capture Hayley when she entered, how he interpreted it that she wanted him, but in such a way to give any potential viewers clear line of sight into the room as well. Hayley followed a few seconds later, to his surprise, having dispensed with the underwear completely and choosing to do the entire shoot nude.
      Pete snapped away as Hayley posed, leaning against the wall opposite to the window, and seeing that the group of lads had all noticed her and were watching eagerly. Despite the shoot being her idea, when it actually came to it and she knew she was being watched, she felt incredibly nervous and exposed, and found herself subconsciously covering up. Pete however, wasn’t aware of the lads in the field, but in his head, saw that she wasn’t fully revealing herself, similar to the first shoot they ever did, and wanted that to change, as he loved getting as many full-frontal pictures of her as he could.
      For the majority of the shoot, he took the pictures from almost sitting down, looking up at Hayley to capture the images as something different, and as he worked his way around the room one way, she stayed opposite him and made her way to the window. Once she was there, she had no issues facing the camera completely, giving the audience a view of her naked back. Finally, after a lot of coaxing and instructions for her to gradually turn, Hayley ended up facing the window, back to the camera, and giving the lads outside the view they had been desperate for.
      It became obvious that they were enjoying the show, especially considering they all had their phones out and pointed at the window where she was, and she wasn’t sure if Pete knew they were there or not, but he made sure she faced that way for a good while, guaranteeing them plenty of time to see everything, before calling the shoot to a close. Once he did so, Hayley blew them a kiss and waved before turning around and heading back to the small room to get dressed.
      Pete went to his computer and began transferring the files over as she did so, but it was when he opened his emails, he got a big surprise. There were a lot of new and unread emails from a couple of sites he recently joined which hosted profiles for anything modelling related, and scanning through the subject lines, there were multiple requests to work with him. He opened them up and quickly read through them, but since the site had not been running very long, he skipped over any that the sender was requesting payment for, and marked the others as unread so that he could revisit them later.
      Of the ones he did quickly read, he noticed that Hayley was repeatedly mentioned as someone the model wanted to shoot with, in addition to various themes and ideas being brought up, such as toys, blindfolds, restraints, group shoots, and video content. Obviously he had done both a group shoot, and a video earlier, but now had inspiration for future sets, as well as plenty of volunteers to star in them.
      “Hayley, just before you go…” Pete called out, once she was finished getting dressed.
      “Yeah, no problem. Give me a second,” She called back, before walking back into the main bedroom.
      “I thought you should know, I created profiles on multiple sites to advertise and promote myself and the website, and I’ve had a lot of private messages from various models and photographers on them looking to collaborate, and you have been mentioned quite a lot as someone they would like to work with. They have also come in with various ideas for the shoots, so I wondered if you would be interested in any of it. I would suggest if you want to start your own profile, I can tag you in the images, and they could also contact you directly, as it looks like I’m going to be extremely busy in the future and don’t know if I’ll be free,” He explained.
      Hayley sat down and listened as he read through the various messages, some of which did appeal to her, as well as some that she thought Dan might like her to do, before setting up a profile there and then on Pete’s laptop as he worked on his computer. He tagged her in multiple images on his page, and it was only a few minutes before she received a message from one of the studios that had contacted Pete.
      ‘Hello, Hayley. I saw your pictures on PhotomanPete’s page and love them. I was wondering if you would be interested in working with us? Please feel free to look around our page or website in order to view our work. Predominantly, we specialise in fetish erotica and customised content, however, we are always open to input. I hope to hear from you soon, love, J.’
      Hayley laughed to herself as she read the message, thinking it sounded pretty camp since, in her mind, fetish erotica meant leather and PVC, and she associated that with things like village people, but thinking she would look up the website when she got home. After talking with Pete and saying she was interested in some of the things he proposed, she finally left, and headed home to tell Dan all about the day.
      As normal, his excitement got the better of him as she described the various shoots, leading to yet another incredible sex session when she began telling him about Craig’s involvement, at which point, he could contain himself no longer and cut short her recollection.
      After recovering, Dan went for a shower as Hayley checked the modelling site she had recently registered on again, seeing more messages in the inbox, but re-opening the message she read at Pete’s house, following the link to their webpage. It turned out that she was partly right, with many of the girls in the pictures wearing leather or PVC outfits, but not the type she was expecting. This was a lot more ‘authoritarian’ sexy, nothing like what she imagined would be worn in an 80s gay club.
      As she looked over the images and videos on screen, it was obvious this was more porn than erotic photography, but there was one section about foot worship that she couldn’t bear to look at, considering her deep-seated dislike of feet. Other sections and themes were what she kind-of expected, solo girl with toys, two girls, two girls with toys, and boy/girl, all in a BDSM typesetting, some more extreme than others. When Dan had finished, she called him over and told him about registering on the modelling site, as well as the message from the fetish site.
      He had a quick look at it, before saying he would be happy for her to do some shoots with them, if she wanted to. When she asked which ones, the answer he gave firstly surprised her, but then began to turn her on as she thought about it. He said if were up to him, he’d like to see her do multiple boy/girl shoots, including being blindfolded, being tied up, and more, essentially most of the stuff on the site, other than anything involving pain.
      Having heard Dan say he wanted her to do the shoot, Hayley messaged back, saying she would be interested, and asking for more details. She soon received a reply, saying that there was payment, depending on what level she worked to, and that if she wished to shoot a scene with Matty, he would be welcome to come along. Finally, the message asked if she wanted to proceed, and if so, when she would be available to shoot. Hearing she would be able to shoot with Matty was a little bit of a relief, since she had done so before and would provide a familiar face.
      Following a bit of back-and-forth between them, Matty agreed he would be happy to shoot, and gave days when he would be free, leading to the shoot being arranged for the weekend. She then received an email with the address for the studio, and informing her that she will be required to sign a contract/release form on the day.
      A couple of days later, the pictures from Hayley’s day of shoots came through, including the one with Craig and Siobhan, and like normal, Dan got the chance to look at them before Hayley got home from work. Despite Pete’s style being obvious in the pictures, they were noticeably different from the previous sets, having less of an erotic feel, and being more ‘pure sex’. Despite the difference, Dan was still over the moon with them, as Hayley looked absolutely sensational in them, brilliantly hiding the fact that this was her first-ever threesome, and instead of making the pictures look like it was a regular thing for all involved.
      The difference between Craig and Matty was highly noticeable, and yet, Hayley managed to look natural and relaxed in both. Where Matty was around six foot one tall, Craig was shorter, around five foot ten. Matty was muscular and toned, thanks to his years of playing football, whereas Craig was of a more stocky build, possibly due to a physical job. The other marked difference was that whilst Matty had a completely smooth body, Craig’s torso had thick, coarse hair covering most of his chest, and running in a defined line down the centre, past his navel, and into his own pubic area. The only similarity in that part, being that both clearly ‘man-scaped’, keeping themselves trimmed and neat in that department.
      He flicked through the other solo sets she did, impressed with the last one where she had chosen to do it fully nude from the start and ended up at the window, flashing to the lads in the field, who were just about visible in a couple of the pictures, before taking Hayley again as soon as she walked through the door.
      Whenever a shoot was planned for the weekend, the rest of the week seemed to fly past, and this was no exception. In the blink of an eye, the workweek was done, and Hayley was waiting for Matty to pick her up, since he had offered to drive, taking a small bag of underwear with her since she wasn’t sure if they would provide it or not.
      “Any requests this time, you kinky git?” She said to Dan when she kissed him goodbye as Matty pulled up outside.
      “Too many to say! How about, have fun, enjoy it, and let them do whatever they want. I assume you will have to tell them your limits when you get there, so they are to be no feet stuff, no belts/caning/whips, stuff like that. Light whips and the like are ok, but nothing to cause pain, and that it. They won’t ask you to do anything illegal so other than that, you go with it.” He said, giving her a big kiss as she agreed and she left...
 
