My Exhibitionist Best Friend
by skkta

My Exhibitionist Best Friend Pt. 05

After being caught, Emily pushes herself for more exposure.

I went over to Emily's room first thing the next morning. Though it was Thursday, it was actually the start of a 4-day weekend for fall break, so no need to wait though classes to talk more. She had told me the basics of what happened the previous night on the phone, but there was more to talk about.

Emily had described the whole conversation. Once she was accused, she and Zoe of course denied it and tried to act innocent. But the RA, who was a girl one year older, said that no, it was definitely her since she was still wearing the same shoes and the same hat. Oops. But then laughed and told her that she wasn't in trouble or anything, she just thought it was funny and wanted to know why she was doing it. It turned out she was one of those students at the study session and thought that she recognized Emily as she streaked by.

Emily said that she still wasn't going to admit it, but Zoe ratted her out immediately at that point, saying that it was a dare as initiation into being a nude figure model for the art department. That turned out to be a solid on-the-spot excuse, because the RA bought it. They all joked about it for a couple more minutes and even talked about how Zoe and soon Emily would be models for classes, but Emily said she was just in a state of disbelief that she got caught on her first time out.

The conversation ended though with something that shocked Emily and surprised Zoe. The RA joked that she hoped to see Emily streaking around the building sometime soon for her next dare. They all laughed at first, but it also sparked Zoe's curiosity, so she questioned what the RA meant, trying to be innocent about it.

Apparently, any complaint about a streaker in the building would technically be a behavior complaint, and that would go through the RA for review, not campus security, like a complaint about a streaker out on campus. And it turns out that there's not really any guidance in the RA handbook about that situation, so she could really make whatever decision she wanted. And since she had no problem with it, that meant that no one who was complained about for harmless streaking would get in trouble if she was in charge. Some guy had done it at another building the year before when he was drunk, but aside from complaints and a talking to, nothing came from it. So basically, nudity was completely cool in the building. Of course, the RA did not say it that clearly, but that was how Emily and Zoe understood it, and how they told me. Zoe with a mischievous grin, Emily with a nervous smile.

That was a surprise to hear, and definitely sparked my imagination. That's what I wanted to talk about that morning, but Emily was focused on something else. I got there to find just her, Zoe was working on a project at studio today.

"Ben, we need to talk about how I got recognized so easily last night. I barely passed anyone and even with the hat on, I still got caught. We need something better for next time."

It was good to hear that there would be a next time. She made a good point. I had thought about putting together a disguise for her previously, but figured the hat would be enough for what she was doing. But I guess we could do more.

"Ok Emily, we could make a disguise for you to use in the future. But I definitely don't want to let you fully cover your face, like the mask you used the first time," I told her. "The risk is part of the challenge and I'm not going to let you get out of that."

"No I agree and I have an idea. So I got caught because of the shoes and the hat, so the first step is to get a new pair of shoes and a hat that I use just for being naked. That eliminates some of what makes me recognizable" Emily said.

"Or you could just go without the hat and the shoes?" I suggested, knowing that I would push her to that point soon.

She ignored the comment and responded, "But that gets to the next part. The only other things I am recognizable for are my hair and my face. I mean, no one is going to recognize me for the naked parts of me. So I need to change what they can. So I was thinking about a wig."

"Would that look obviously fake?" I questioned.

"Not if we use a good one. Yeah a cheap one would look off, but a moderately good quality wig would make me look like a completely different person," she told me. "I was also thinking about getting a fake pair of glasses to wear that could hide my face a little. And I could change my makeup a little, contour a bit, just to make my face a bit more unrecognizable. I think it could work."

"Well I'm not opposed to any of that if you think it would help. I was afraid you'd try to cover up even more, so I'm happy with what I hear" I replied. "One more suggestion. How about a fake tattoo? So that you could prove to someone it wasn't you if you are accused."

Emily smiled and said "I've always wanted a tattoo."

So we agreed on her disguise. And since it was a day off from class, we went right then to start to assemble it. First to Walmart for the glasses, shoes, and hat. They sell frames with no prescription there, so we picked out a pair that was a good balance between looking normal and providing a bit of facial cover. For the shoes, she picked out a fairly plain white set of running shoes, looking just like what everyone else wears. And the hat we bought was a plain dark grey baseball hat. We thought that the rest of the disguise would be harder to find, but luckily, it was the fall, so there were popup Halloween stores all around town. The first one we tried had exactly what we needed. For the tattoo, we picked out a couple that looked like something someone would actually get, including a flowery mandala and a pawprint. We would decide what to use and where later.

That left us with just the wig. Emily's real hair is short and brown. It needed to be a wig that really changed her appearance, so we decided to go with the opposite and get a medium length blonde wig. Just trying it on in the store made a difference, so we were confident it would work when she put it on for real.

We purchased our supplies and headed back to her room to test it out. She started stripping as soon as we walked in the door. A welcome sight.

"I'm going to figure out how to put the wig on, you figure out how to do the tattoos, ok?" she told me.

I could do that. It was straightforward and worked just like the temporary tattoos we had as kids, but on a bigger scale. I was getting out some hand towels to use when Emily walked back in, now 'dressed' in the disguise.

It worked. I mean she still looked like Emily, but it wasn't immediately recognizable. She was a blonde girl with glasses that could pass as someone else if all you got was a quick glance. A completely naked blonde girl to be specific.

"This will work," was all she said. She seemed confident in the plan, which I was very happy to hear. There was a moment that I was afraid that this would all be over when she got caught the first time. But no sign of that yet.

"Should I put a tattoo on so we can see the full look?" she asked.

I was about to say yes, but then a plan quickly came together in my head. "No, lets save the tattoo for your first test run. They are one use after all. Next time I have something for you to do, we will try it out."

"And when will that be?" she asked, knowing that I wasn't going to tell her.

"You will know when you need to know."

It would be very soon. Now that we had a disguise that she was happy with, we absolutely needed to use it.

So on Saturday morning, I texted Emily. "Are you available tonight for some fun? We need to get you seen in the new disguise."

"Of course I am. What are we going to be doing?" she soon replied.

"I'll be over at 5," was all I replied.

Back at her room that evening, it was time for the full disguise. It was also time to show off the new look to Zoe. Though she was an accomplice for the last adventure, we hadn't really included her on the events of the previous day. I made a mental note that I needed to get her involved for an adventure soon. She agreed that the disguise was a good idea and that it would probably be good enough. We had a bit of fun picking out the tattoo and deciding where it should go. She ended up with a large flower on her right thigh. That plus the hair change definitely altered the first impression you would get of her. I asked her for a picture and she agreed with no hesitation. It was a full body shot of a smiling, naked, and blonde Emily.

Since this was a test night, I had decided on having her do a couple minor challenges in different locations, building her up to see how far she'd go. We left a little before 6 with her wearing a simple sundress, her shoes, and hat. It was twilight, lighter than it had been for all of our challenges so far.

Emily knew not to ask what she was going to be doing so I just drove in silence, but it wasn't a long trip.

In another area of campus, there was a mailbox on one edge of a small park square, with roads on all 4 sides. This would not exactly be a busy area on a Saturday evening, but it was basically the center of campus and very public. I parked on the street on the east side of the block. The mailbox was on the west.

"Emily, here's the first thing I want you to do tonight. Please go mail this letter in the box over there," I said as I handed her an envelope. "Leave you dress here. And try not to run, I would really prefer it if you walked."

She accepted the challenge. "Ok no problem," she said, followed by her slipping the dress over her head. There was a bit of adjustment of the wig required before she felt confident to go for it. It took her a minute of watching out the window for her to make a move. There would be an occasional car drive by and I could see 3 or 4 people walking in the far distance, though no one in the square and no one walking towards it. This looked like it would be easy. She opened the door, but still just looked for a moment.

She turned back to me, smiled, and said "See you in a minute," as she stood up and closed the door. She started walking, maybe a little fast, but at least it wasn't a run. It was maybe 25 feet to get to her destination. She took one careful step after another towards the mailbox. I could only imagine how she felt doing this right in the middle of campus but she acted like there was nothing wrong at all. I knew that I loved watching it at least. I took another couple of pictures also. It was a new goal to document all of her activities, both so she could see how she looked and for my enjoyment later.

She made it to the box and put in the letter. As she turned, she looked back at me and waved. Now I got the frontal view of her walking back and could see that she had the biggest smile on her face that I'd ever seen her with. She loved it.

She maybe slightly less enjoyed it when a car suddenly drove by and honked at her. She kind of flinched as she was remined that she was fully naked right in the middle of campus and her steps quickened into a light jog. Soon she made it back to the car and hopped in.

"How'd that go?" I asked.

"Wonderful," she told me, smiling as she pulled her dress together to put it back on. I considered making her stay naked, but decided to do that next stop. "It's a pretty indescribable experience to be right there where I've walked a bunch of times during the day, so exposed. I loved it."

"I could tell. Great. Off to the next stop of the night," I said as we drove off.

It was just a minute to the next location. Not a ton of traffic since it was Fall Break. This was the kind of college town that feels empty when there is a break from classes.

I pulled us into the empty parking lot of a local auto parts and repair place. I knew they were closed on Saturdays and that this would be a safe next stop. It was right on a usually moderately active road but with the lot facing the side and from my scouting of the exterior, there were no security cameras. I knew that cameras were something we wouldn't always be able to avoid, but I would try for now. The sun was down now and the lot wasn't super well lit, but she could be seen if someone was looking for her.

I stopped across the lot from the front door, where there was one of those free local newspaper stands.

"Emily, I need you to go grab one of those newspapers for me. Also, when you get to the front door, I want you to turn back to me and pose for a picture. Big smile please."

This time Emily pulled the dress straight off and opened the door with no hesitation. One look in each direction, and she started walking, again a little fast. It seemed that she always had a burst of confidence once she started her exhibitionism. She walked directly to the front door across the parking lot bathed in light. Occasional cars went by on the main road, but who knows how many of them noticed since we were set back on the side. At least one or two hopefully. She turned when she made it to the front door and waved back. I was too distracted watching her walk to pull out my phone ahead of time, so she was forced to wait a moment while I got ready to take a picture. The shot was of her waving back at me. Another solid addition to the collection of nudes I was building.

After the picture, she reached over to grab the newspaper and then started skipping back to me, making her tits jiggle at me. She was in her element. She was only out there for about 30 seconds though, so it wasn't yet a challenge.

Back in the car, I asked her again how it went and she was even more enthused with her nakedness. She immediately asked me to show her the picture I took and I gladly showed her all the ones from the night so far.

As she reached for the dress, I grabbed it first and tossed it in the back seat. "Naked until the next location, ok?"

She nodded and sat.

Our next and penultimate location was a small neighborhood park that was usually empty and it was when we arrived. There was a gazebo at one end of the parking lot and I parked at the opposite end. This park was actually not that well lit and wasn't that public, so I didn't anticipate her being seen at this stop. This was more about getting her to do something in a safe situation that I hoped she would eventually try in a risky situation.

"Emily, this challenge is a little different. We're going to go walk over to that gazebo and sit to talk for a couple minutes. Ready to go?"

"I can do that," she told me.

So we walked over, uneventfully. It was nice to see her public nudity up close. So often I had to see it from a distance. There was a glow to her when she was in this state, as if this was how she was meant to be. We sat on opposite sides of the picnic table.

"So, the reason for doing this is that I just want you to spend some time naked outside without feeling like you have to run away. Were going to sit for 5 minutes and then we can go back," I told her.

"That's a good idea. I guess the only time I've been outside that long is when I was hiding in the bush that first time. Not the best experience."

"Definitely," I replied. "The other thing I wanted to talk about is what to do next weekend. It's the weekend before Halloween. And I don't know if you are the Halloween party type, but I think we should find one to go to and let you have some fun."

"Yeah sure, a Halloween party would be fun. But what are you thinking about having me do? A party might be too public and too dangerous for me to do something like this. There'd definitely end up being someone I knew or someone would take a picture or something. I definitely have to say no to that," she replied, with a bit of concern in her voice.

"Well first, remember that you don't get to say no. But I do agree, that would be too much for you. I was more thinking about having you wear something revealing, like a lot of girls do on Halloween. Are you the slutty Halloween kind of girl?"

"Not really. But I haven't had an opportunity to do something like that," she said with some thrill in her voice.

"Well would you? If I picked out a pretty sexy Halloween costume for you, would you wear it to a party next weekend, no matter who was there?"

"I mean, yeah I guess. A lot of other girls would be dressed like that, so I wouldn't be too out of place if people I knew saw me," she told me.

"Its funny that you are nervous about a costume while you are sitting in a public park completely naked," I joked with her.

"What can I say, I'm a self-conscious exhibitionist I guess," she laughed.

"Ok well then I will take care of everything for next weekend. I'll find the costume and find a good party. Let's walk back to the car," I said.

We strolled back without any interruption. I had kind of hoped that someone would find us in the park, but it didn't happen. I had it in my long list of ideas for her to be back here at a busier time.

"One final challenge for tonight," I told her as we started driving.

Soon we pulled into a big empty church parking lot. This was a particular location I had scouted. There was easy entry and exit to the parking lot, it was right next to a moderately busy intersection but there was not much else around, and there was a good amount of tree cover in some areas and completely open in others.

We parked in an area that couldn't be seen by the road. I told her to get out. She was still naked and did so without hesitation. I wondered how she would react if I started to drive away. But I didn't, and followed her out of the car. It was well lit here but she continued to show no fear.

"Ok I lied, I have one quick thing I want you to do before the actual last thing," I said. "That thing is a quick photoshoot. I think we need to add to our documentation of tonight. Right here in the parking lot is the perfect place."

"Good idea!" she said excitedly.

"I want you to really pose for me. Show yourself off," I said.

And she did. I snapped photos as she cycled through poses, some tame and some explicit. She smiled happily for all of them. The last pose was her laying on the ground with her legs up and spread for the world to see. I could see her pussy glistening. The sexual thrill of this was getting to her.

Funny to imagine the crowds that would be in this church parking lot just tomorrow morning. But now it was just Emily and I. These pictures would definitely have to be used somehow, and soon.

"Perfect, that's enough pictures," I said, helping her back up. "Ok now the real last adventure. I actually need you to get dressed again and get back in the car. Sorry," I said. She slipped the dress back on and we quickly drove over to the other side of the parking lot, right by the intersection.

"See the road and the cross walk? You are going to walk across that. Right in front of whatever cars are waiting for the light. Anyone could be in those cars and see you. And you'll never know. Think you can do that?" I asked.

"No problem. Let's do it," she replied, a hint of nervousness in her voice. This was the most I'd pushed her tonight and really the riskiest thing she would have done so far in this whole adventure.

We got out of the car, and I led her over to the cross walk. There was a car every 10 or 15 seconds. Certainly not a busy street, but not nothing. I told her that at the next light change, she would walk across the street, with her dress still on, and I would stay on this side. But then at the following light change, she was to pull off her dress, drop it, and walk right across the street, no matter how many cars are there waiting. The only out was if there was a police car of course.

She was totally cool with what I told her to do, though the longer she had to wait on the other side of the street, the more she started to fidget. I could only imagine the anticipation building up as she saw a good number of cars speeding by. But then I saw the light change to yellow and knew it was time. In the two lanes she would have to walk by, it looked like there would be 3 cars waiting and watching her, plus of course the cars going the other direction. The intersection was dim, but well lit enough so that all would see the general idea of a naked girl.

The light finally changed and the dress finally was pulled off. No hesitation, she strutted right across the street, through the headlights of the cars. I took another couple of pictures. She laughed and waved when one of the cars honked at her. I could tell that she was keeping her face away from the cars, probably conscious of the fact that she couldn't see in any of the cars to know who was there. She looked so vulnerable and exposed being in a public cross walk. It was the kind of situation I had been thinking about for a while and was glad to see she was happy to do it.

I wondered how long the moment felt to her. It was quick for me, but I could only imagine how long that would feel in her state, as if she had to keep walking, naked and exposed, forever. But soon, she made it over to my side and we quickly ran back to the car and pulled away. Better to get moving after a performance like that.

"How'd that feel?" I asked as we left the parking lot.

"That was a thrill! My heart is racing. But really, I thought that it would have been worse, maybe since I couldn't see who was watching me. It really wasn't that far either. But still, I loved it," she said. "I'm starting to like the idea of people seeing me too, at least from a distance."

It was true, I had anticipated that to be a bigger challenge, but that just meant that I had to keep pushing her. I wondered if I would ever find the limit with Emily, or if she would let me even get close without breaking her rules.

We pulled back around through that same intersection so that I was able to stop by the corner where she stripped. "Hop out and grab your dress," I told her. Again, I thought about pulling away, but resisted. Though it was good to know that she was so willing to do this. We would be doing it again and even more extreme.

Back in the car and driving back to campus, we continued to talk about how the night went. I tried to keep prying out some of her fantasies so that I could plan for the future, but she told me that I was doing exactly what she wanted already. I'd find a way to get more information soon. We agreed that I should come over the next afternoon to hang out and talk again. She redressed in the car and I left her at her door with a huge hug. It was a very good night for both of us.

I was back at her front door right after lunch the next day. She told me that Zoe would be gone for the whole afternoon, so it would be the perfect time to hang out. She let me in the building and then practically jogged back to her room. As soon as the door was closed, she started pulling her clothes off.

"Sorry, I've been naked all day and really hated having to get dressed to come get you. This is better," she said as her last piece of cover fell to the floor.

"Well you could just come let me in like that," I said I as I pointed at her nude body. "I really don't think anyone will mind."

"Hush. I'm not ready for that, no matter how many times you and Zoe tell me to just do it!"

"Ok, I'll not make you do that. Yet," I teased back. She laughed with some nervousness. Her nakedness seemed so normal and natural now. But oh how I wanted to see it in the hall way outside. It was good to know that I apparently had a partner in Zoe in pushing her into more extreme situations.

She offered me some snacks and we sat on the couch, initially talking about school stuff and then how the previous night went. She told me again just how much she loved it and how surprised she was that the fear quickly disappeared. Then I elevated the subject by saying, "You know Emily, I think I could make it even more enjoyable for you if you told me a little more about those fantasies you don't want to talk about. I'm kind of just guessing right now, but if you tell me more, it could be even more fun for you."

She hesitated at first, but then said "I see your point. Now that we've done this a few times, I do see how it could be better if we talked some more about it." She readjusted her posture to face me and hesitated a moment. "I hadn't wanted to do that before because... well.. because it's a little personal and embarrassing. And to be honest, I was afraid of the things you would have me do if I told you more."

She looked away for a moment, but continued.

"But maybe I have to risk that now that I see how much fun I'm having. God I sound crazy. But yeah, ok. Let's talk more about fantasies."

"Great. Well Emily, where do we start?" I responded.

"Uh. Man this is not something I ever talk about, so I don't even know what to say."

"Well let's just start with why?" I said.

She thought for a moment and then began. "Ok I'm just going to talk and not hold anything back. Basically, I've realized that I have this weird messed up internal desire to spend all my time naked and not care at all who sees me. But not like in a nudist way where everyone is naked. That doesn't do it for me. In like a 'by some weird law loophole, only I can be naked in public and not get in trouble for it and also it doesn't negatively hurt my future' way. I want to live my life naked, out there in the people, and make them all see me, all of me. But that's not going to happen and never will."

I responded "Ok, but really how is that much different than just being a nudist? Even if you're the only nudist?"

"Well..." she thought out loud. "I think its because a nudist does it to be naked and free and wants the nudity to be normalized, like there is nothing wrong. I mean, the idea of being a nudist sounds amazing to me too. But I think it's not enough. For me, it's the emotions that go along with being naked. I've never realized this before now, but its almost like I'm not doing it to actually be naked, that is just how I get to the thrill I want. Some people do extreme sports to get that high, I get naked," she laughed.

"So the emotions. You've talked about them before, but explain them again," I told her.

"Yeah so it's a lot at once. I think it's all about adrenaline. Part of it is the feeling that I am doing something wrong, that I am breaking rules and rebelling. Everyone likes to have that feeling sometime, right? Part of it is thrill over having control over my situation. It's an affirmative choice to do it. Letting myself do what I shouldn't be able to do. It's power. And it's also the thrill of risk. It's a stupid way to get that risk, but its effective. But being honest, there is another layer to it also. I feel embarrassed and ashamed that I'm doing stuff like this, that people can see me like that, completely naked. It's like I'm just a perverted girl putting her body out there. And... I feel bad about how much I like that feeling, that lack of control. The risk and the shame and the power all together, that's the thrill I'm trying to find when I do this."

"So are you ashamed to be naked here with me, right now?" I asked. I was curious how far that feeling went.

"Well, not completely. I was for a while. Those first sketching session, definitely. Now that you've seen me for a while, it's lessened a bit. But still, I get some thrill from the risk. I mean, normal girls do not just decide to hang out with their platonic guy friends completely naked all the time. If anyone else found out about this, I'd be so embarrassed and my reputation would take a serious hit."

"So is that why you don't want to tell Laura yet, you are still embarrassed about what she'd think of you?"

"Yes, well, kind of. It's that, but I guess it's also that I kinda still like the idea of hiding a secret. You know what I mean? It's forbidden knowledge, and that's exciting to me. But I do think I should probably tell her eventually."

I nodded. "Ok Emily, so that's the general fantasy, but what about specifics? What are you so afraid I'd make you do? I really want to know that in particular."

"Oh Ben, I don't know. How do I talk about this?" she said as she formulated her next statement.

"Ok I think it is easier to show you. Do you watch much porn?" she finally said.

I hadn't exactly expected this, but I decided that being honest was needed here when the goal was the get the truth out of her. "I mean, of course, I'm a college age guy," I sheepishly replied.

"Ok well I do too. Well mostly just exhibitionism stuff. I have for... a while. I would say that my fantasies come from the stuff I've watched. Can I show you some, would that help?"

I of course agreed. She stood up to grab her laptop, but then said "Hey actually let's move to my room. I don't want Zoe to come back to us watching porn in the living room."

That made sense, so we relocated. She hopped up on her bed and sat the laptop in the middle, inviting me to sit on the other side. Me, laying in bed with naked Emily, watching porn. What an unexpected dream. I had been recently watching some exhibitionist porn too, for research first, but also because I loved it. I frequently imagined Emily in those videos, so I was excited to see if there was much overlap in our viewing.

She opened up a chrome incognito tab and went straight to Pornhub. And then went to log in. So she was enough of a porn watcher to have an account. I didn't even have an account.

"I'm going to just go to my favorites and we can scroll through that to get some ideas," she said as she navigated the site. Up came a page that said it include 137 videos. This would be a lot to scroll through.

We started at the top, with her pointing out some particular videos and passing by others. At first, she was a little embarrassed to talk about the videos and why she liked them, but as we went, she became more open as it became more normal to talk so freely. She still didn't explicitly tell me what were her fantasies, I assumed she was leaving that to my interpretation. But she also told me that even if the video was in her favorites, it didn't mean she necessarily had that as a fantasy, sometimes she just thought it was a good video. So I guess I was meant to get an overview of her tastes.

Video subjects varied a lot. World naked bike ride. A girl walking down a hotel hallway fully naked. Plenty of flashing in public. A girl pumping gas nude. Naked pizza dares. Shopping naked. A girl walking through the woods naked. Nude in a laundromat. And a ton of fully nude in public videos in urban areas. She explained that a big genre of exhibitionist porn was girls talking long walks around European cities completely nude. Nudity was a different thing there, so it was weird, but not so stigmatized. She mentioned that she couldn't even imagine how insane that feeling would be to take a nude walk like that.

Surprisingly, there were some more unexpected videos in there too. Public masturbation and even public sex were in there often, though she didn't really point those out. Some public BDSM. Public peeing too. It was a wide and impressive taste in porn.

Usually, she just told me about the video and let the little autoplay go while talking, but there were some that she clicked on to show me. She didn't say it, but I assumed those videos were more important to her and potentially more in line with her fantasies.

She clicked on one, of a girl in the woods, and said "This is a great video." It started playing as she talked. "This is a girl who posts her own videos on here where she wanders through the woods naked. But the cool part is that she leaves her clothes where she started and just walks away, down public hiking trails. She'll go 20 minutes away at least before turning back. Sometimes she has had to hide from people she sees ahead, but in this one, she gets caught." She skipped ahead to find it. "I just think the idea of being that far from your clothes is hot." I noted that idea for future use.

Later, she clicked on one again, titled Nude in LA. "I love this video, because it's one of the typical walk around in a city videos, but it was shot here in the United States! No one does that here, except a couple websites that seem to be gone now. I'd guess they got shut down. It's awesome to imagine a girl doing that here." It was a long video, but we skipped around it and watched for a couple minutes as she pointed out the parts she liked the most.

One scene showed a girl removing her dress, walking down a block, crossing a busy street, and going to a walk up fast food restaurant, where the staff appeared to be dumbfounded to see her. "I have to admit, when you had me walk across that intersection, I started thinking back to this video," she said. This was a big step up from what I had her do. A couple cars at an isolated intersection at night, versus a busy intersection in the day in the middle of Los Angeles. Another included a girl hanging out in a bar for a while and having fun with the mostly male patrons, playing pool and darts. Eventually we moved on.

"Oh this one, this one is crazy," she said as she clicked on another video soon after. "This is a video of these two girls walking through the campus of UT Austin right in the middle of the day completely naked. They say it's for some art project, but they both look super nervous to be doing it. They only go for like 2 minutes before someone says the cops have been called and they run away to get dressed. Looks like it was from the early 2000s at least based on how low quality it is." It showed exactly that, two girls just walking and interacting with the students all around them, even stopping to sign a petition. I hadn't seen this video before, but I would need to find it again to enjoy, because all I could do was see Emily in their place. She continued, "No way this could be done now, too many people would have their phones out to record it. But it's fun to think about." The video ended and we were back to scrolling.

After a minute, Emily stopped and said that she needed to go to the bathroom, so she would be back in a second. Through the door, I could hear her pee. There was a good amount of peeing in public videos on her page, so I wondered if that was something she would be in to. That was added to my mental notes. I decided that I had gotten enough from the videos and I wanted to hear her talk again, so I was going to force her to answer some questions when she was back, and maybe do even more if my assumptions of her submissive qualities were correct.

"So I've gotten a lot of good ideas from the videos, but now I have questions," I said as she climbed back up. "These videos present some pretty extreme situations. What would you do if I made you do stuff like that? What if I made you go hiking naked next weekend and we left your clothes in the car? We could do it. How would you feel about that?"

"Oh god, um I don't know," she replied. "I'd love to be able to do that one day. But I'm not sure I'm at that point yet. But also I don't have a choice do I? So, I guess I would be doing it if you made me," she said, trailing off and looking away.

"Yes I can make you. Imagine it, you completely exposed in the woods, no way to cover yourself as we pass other hikers. Maybe it will be a Saturday, when everyone from school is out getting exercise. Naked Emily on a packed trail. Maybe we'd see someone you knew from class. You know you would love that."

She blushed and looked down at her naked body. I noticed her fidget and readjust her legs.

"Ok how about more extreme," I continued. "What if I had you walk into a fast food restaurant naked to order lunch? Or what if I made you redo one of your streaks, but during a class change during the day? So many people could see you naked. Dozens, hundreds maybe. You could do that and then we could get out of there before you get in trouble. Or maybe I drive you somewhere far away and leave you naked to figure out a way to get home. That's something all those girls in those videos would do."

"Fuck no, that's impossible. I would love that, but no I could never do it. Nope," she said with some resolve.

"You would if I asked you to. I know you would. I'm not even saying that in like a forceful way. I know that you would end up happily doing either of those things if I gave you the opportunity. You act nervous and scared every time we do this, and then the second it starts, you're like a new girl, no fear, willing to do whatever you want even if it is absolutely insane. I'm just here to give you the permission you feel like you need to act out these fantasies."

She avoided eye contact as I said that and fidgeted again, staying silent.

"What else could I make you do?" I asked. "I have an idea. I bet when you normally watch these videos and think about your fantasies, you are masturbating. Correct?"

She turned back with a shocked face, but then nodded yes.

"Well I think that I shouldn't stop you from your normal routine. Go ahead and masturbate Emily. Have an orgasm for me."

It was the exact same routine as every time before. She acted embarrassed and reluctant, she thought about it, and then she accepted. She readjusted her posture and slowly pulled her legs apart and pulled her hand down between them. Her other hand picked a video, settling on one of a young girl walking naked in Prague. She started slow, gently rubbing small circles as her eyes were locked on the screen. I didn't watch the video, I watched her. It was a long and gradual build up in intensity as she pleasured herself, but soon she upped the intensity and started to gently voice her enjoyment of her stimulation with soft moans. I watched as she rubbed her clit faster and then started to insert a couple fingers into her by then wet vagina. I noticed that at this point, her eyes were closed and her other hand was massaging a breast. It was incredible to watch her deep in her intense pleasure.

She touched herself with precision, knowing exactly what to do. She alternated rubbing and inserting her fingers for a few minutes, which felt like seconds to me, before she suddenly quickened the pace of her stimulation. Her whole body began to roll with pleasure as the circles she made with her hand quickened to a furious pace. She moaned and threw her head back as the orgasm began to hit. I stared directly into her pulsing pussy as the waves of the orgasm passed through her. I could only imagine how great it felt by how exaggerated her reaction was. And then it was over.

She held completely still, except for her deep breaths, leaving her legs spread and pussy open for me to admire. Her eyes remained closed at first, before peeking one open to see my reaction. With a deep blush, she lifted herself up on her elbows and looked at me. "So, was that what you wanted?" she asked me.

"I think it was what you wanted," I told her, with all seriousness. She laughed and I could tell she agreed. There wasn't exactly a straightforward way to get back into normal conversation after watching your best friend have an orgasm, so we quickly decided that it made sense for our afternoon together to end so she could take a shower and cleanup before Zoe came back. She walked me to the door, still undressed, and left me with a big hug that lingered longer than normal. Maybe what I had just witnessed brought us across a new line in our relationship, but I would not really know if that was true for a while.

On my walk back, my mind flashed back to her hand on her pussy, but especially how willing she was to do that for me. I was fully convinced now that she would do anything and everything I asked of her. And now I also knew much more about her fantasies. Maybe most illuminating was what she picked to masturbate to. It was one of the videos of a fully naked walk in a downtown area, with the girl not even bothering to be ashamed or worried about everyone seeing her. She wanted that too, I knew it. And I would give that to her. But how?
