Middleburg
by MusingsofPan

Saving a town can be a revealing experience.

Author's note: I checked with the town leaders of Middleburg and found that all participants in this story are over 18 years of age.

A PLAN TO SAVE OUR TOWN

"I don't know how much longer any of us can keep going. There is no business........" Sally was saying and I was about to dose off. Sally is a wonderful person but she just doesn't know how to stop talking. Especially during our monthly Middleburg town meeting which I, as mayor, was chairing. 

This promised to be a long night. Of course Sally was right. Middleburg was drying up. No one could disagree with that. Years ago Middleburg was a viable town when people would come to the healing springs. Of course that was before modern medicine when what doctors could do for many conditions was not much better than the springs. Middleburg is not close to a large city and not on an interstate highway so many people had to move away to find work.  By now only a few of us remained and it definitely looked like Middleburg would be a ghost town in a couple of years. These town meetings were depressing.

"Excuse me Sally," Ted broke in and brought my attention back to the meeting, "What if we could change Middleburg in a way that would bring in tourists?"

"Why would anyone want to vacation in Middleburg?" asked Mark, "There is nothing here. We don't have a Grand Canyon and the worlds largest ball of string has been taken."

Ted went on to explain that we need to make the town unique and special to attract people. He said that he and his wife, Nora, have been kicking ideas around for months now and have come up with one that could work without having to convince a large investor to put in a theme park.  He said, "We think we have found a way to put Middleburg on the map."

There was silence as we waited to hear this wonderful, town saving idea. Ted went on to explain that this could be started with cleaning up the town and adding a few small facilities but that the real transformation will require major changes for all of us personally. 

Sally jumped in, "Well I am ready to do anything to get us going again......" She was winding up for another monologue when Ted gently stopped her.

"Perhaps you might want to hear the idea before committing to it." He said. Ted went on to explain that the only way he and Nora could think of to save Middleburg was to turn it into a nude town. He explained that this would not be a collection of strip joints, but a place where people could have safe and respected nude recreation.

Betty broke in, "You mean the town people stay clothed while we allow tourists to run around naked?"

"No," said Ted calmly, "I mean that everyone in town will be completely nude to set the example for the tourists who will be our guests. This is not to be people in clothes starring at naked people. It will be a community of friends who like a safe place where they can go without clothes."

Betty wanted to know what the tourists would do here. Ted explained that they would shop, swim in the pool, play tennis, eat in our restaurant, and do whatever else they want. Perhaps we could even reopen the golf course. Ted then asked everyone to spend some time on the Internet researching nude resorts and the naked lifestyle. 

We were all shocked by what was proposed but agreed to check into nudist practices and meet again next week. This meeting turned out to be not as dull as I expected and I had to hand it to Ted and Nora for thinking outside of the box.

The town was buzzing all week. Ted's proposal was the only subject of conversation. Some were panicking, some confused, and some seemed to like the idea. I think most of us did look up nudism on the Internet. If nothing else this had made life in Middleburg more interesting.

It looked like the entire town showed up for our next meeting. We had to move from our usual council chambers to the fire station to have space for everyone. Once the crowd was settled I opened the meeting and asked Ted and Nora to explain their proposal. After they finished there were a lot of questions. My take was that the questions showed that most people were seriously considering this in a positive way but that there were a lot of details which needed to be worked out before a final decision could be made. I appointed a planning committee to work out the main points and report back in two months. 

I looked into our state laws to see if there were any legal problems we might run into. There was nothing I found that would be a problem so long as we avoided prostitution and strip shows. Since these were not what we had in mind it looked like we could go ahead.

The planning committee worked hard. They talked with everyone in town who would stand still. They visited two nudist communities and came back with  many ideas. They finally came up with a set of rules which they proposed in their report. These were:

1. Clothing, with the exception of hats, jewelry, and footwear, will not be worn  by any person, resident or visitor within the city limits of Middleburg. However, when the temperature is below 70 degrees, coats will be allowed outside.

2. A changing house with parking lot will be built at the city limits of each end of the highway going through town for people to take off clothes when entering and dress when leaving. Vehicles not stopping in town must use the bypass.

3. Rules of conduct will be the same as for clothed communities. No uninvited touching, no public or non consensual sexual activity, no  lewd activity, and no public bathroom activities. All people will be treated with respect.

4. These rules will become mandatory one week after they are passed by majority vote of the town residents.

There were also plans for advertising Middleburg as a naturist destination, cleaning up disused parts of town, adding benches and art in the park, and otherwise sprucing up the town to receive visitors. I won't bore you with all the details and the long discussions that followed. This was a big shock to some and a major change for everyone. 

In the end we agreed to vote on the proposal in one week. This would provide time for discussion and believe me there was plenty of discussion! Ted and Nora led the group for the change. Many, like myself, were less enthusiastic but realized that this was Middleburg's only chance for survival. Alex and Penny with some others were either opposed or terrified, I was not sure which. It was not possible to discuss anything else that week. 

Finally the Tuesday of the vote arrived. There was tension in the air. Our planning committee had made sure that an equal number of people for and against were running the poling and would count the votes. Unlike most political elections, I believe that everyone turned out to cast a vote and express an opinion.

The pole closed at 6:00 PM so we scheduled a town meeting at 7:30 to announce the results. By meeting time the fire station was packed but we got everybody in. I called the meeting to order and asked Betty, who was captain of the polling team, to announce the results. She stood at the microphone and read from her paper, "It is tempting to describe how we managed the voting to ensure fair results but no one wants to listen to all that. So I will just say we had 432 votes for the proposal and 26 against."

There was very little talking while everyone took this in. I stood and said, "Thank you Betty and your team for your hard work. Ladies and gentlemen, we have decided to take our town in a bold new direction. I am sure we all want this to pay off so I ask us all to cooperate and work hard to obtain the maximum benefit for Middleburg. As set forth in the rules, this will begin next Tuesday. Until then the planning committee will be available to answer questions and assist however possible. Is there a motion to adjourn?"

THE PROGRAM BEGINS 

I am proud of the way all the people of Middleburg worked to prepare during the following week. There were clean up crews, advertising crews, detained planning crews of every sort. Even most of the folks who were against the change were getting behind it. Except of course for Elmer and Agnes who are usually against everything and this was no exception. Opening for tourists was not for another month but we all wanted to be ready and comfortable without clothes when the visitors arrived.

Tuesday morning when we were to start going nude arrived. I struggled out of bed and checked my outdoor thermometer. It was a comfortable 74 degrees Fahrenheit and sunny. OKAY, I felt strange going about my morning preparations naked, but as Mayor I knew I had to set an example. When it was time to leave the house, I hesitated with my hand on the door knob and then quickly went back to apply some sunblock. I was about to expose areas to the sun that were not accustomed to sun and these are areas that I definitely did not want to get sun burned.

Walking to my office with nothing but my shoes and brief case was both strange and freeing. When I met Ann and Jim also on their way to work, we paused a moment. I tried to keep my focus on their faces but Ann had such nice firm boobs and a clean shaven pussy that this was difficult. Ann smiled and said, "It's okay to look, Jack. I'm enjoying the sights myself."

Betty came around the corner and almost bumped into us. Wow, I didn't realize how large her boobs are! She was in a hurry and Jim and I enjoyed watching her bare butt wiggle across the street ahead of us. This was more fun than I had imagined.

I got to my office and found Janet, my part time secretary, already there. She looked very much as I had imagined her naked. Medium breasts, narrow waist, and landing strip pussy. Not having to remove a suit jacket I just sat down behind my desk. Janet came over with the mail in her hand but instead of placing it on my desk she came around to my side of the desk, sat on it, opened her legs and smiled. "I have always wanted to do something like this." She said.

I looked at that bare, inviting pussy trying to decide what to say. Her inner lips glistened with her juices and the aroma excited me.  After a long moment I looked up her and said, "That is wonderful but what kind of an example will it be if I go around with an erection all day?" 

"I can take care of that." She said as she placed her hands on the back of my head and pulled me to her pussy. I breathed in her delightful musky fragrance and wasn't sure I could keep from coming immediately.

I licked her slit slowly until her clit came poking out. Then I ran my tongue around her clit while I slid two fingers into her vagina. She let out a gasp as her vagina spasmed around my fingers. When she came back down to earth I stood with my cock pointing at her pussy. She said, "Don't just stand there, fuck me!"

I did not need a second invitation. My cock easily slid into her very wet vagina. I started a slow, easy in and out rhythm as I held her.  Soon the pace increased until we both lost control and came together. I slid out of her and said, "What a great way to start the work day."

When she got up off the desk there was a puddle of our juices. She smiled and said, "We will have to put down a towel next time." Next time sounded encouraging.

Once the immediate office chores were attended to, including my coffee, I decided it was time to take a tour around town and see how everyone was adjusting. While the sex was great, I was hoping some of the normal town activities were happening.

I thought I would start in Sally's shop since she was a major promoter of this "new" Middleburg. Also, having spent so many committee meetings watching her shirts straining to hold their contents, I wanted to see how large her boobs really are.  As soon as I was in her shop I stopped and stared. She was beautiful. The same flowing blond hair, twinkling eyes, and smile as always but with gorgeous boobs that stood out defying gravity, a narrow waist that accented the effect and bare pubes which clearly showed her slit. I don't know how long I stood there staring until she walked toward me smiling and said, "It's OK to look Jack, I wondered what you looked like naked too. "Sally, you look fantastic." I gasped, "you should never wear clothes." She smiled.

During the rest of my tour I was surprised to see how well normal activities were continuing. The lack of clothes had changed very little. People worked very hard getting changing buildings built, putting up signs, and many other preparations while also becoming comfortable being naked. It was a week before tourists were expected but it seemed like Middleburg was ready for showtime.

I was in front of Ann and Jim's ice cream shop so I went in. Ann greeted me with a big hello! Her very ample breasts were bare on top but she was wearing an apron tied around her waist.  When I asked her about the cover up she replied, "It wouldn't do to get pussy hairs in the ice cream and besides, standing up to a freezer all day requires some protection."

I agreed that perhaps an exception could be made while they are working. Just then Jim entered from the back carrying a sign and grinning. He said, "I think this will make up for us being covered." 

He held up a new sign which said, "BOOB FRIDAY or LOW DOWN SATURDAY".  Of course I asked what it meant. Ann smiled and said they would demonstrate. She walked over to Jim who put some strawberry syrup on her left nipple and chocolate syrup on her right. Then he covered both with whipped cream. Next he proceeded to lick each breast clean. I laughed and said I would not ask about the low down Sunday.

Middleburg was ready for the tourists.
