My sister Erica and I were always pretty close, even though we did not share the same mother, nor did we always live together 
throughout our childhood. We probably only spent about four entire years living in the same household when we were little kids, and began living together again when i was fifteen, and she was thirteen.
She came to stay with me when she was seventeen, I was nineteen at the time and living in my own apartment. She had just graduated and was tired of living at home. Our father had told her the only way she was leaving before she turned eighteen is if she went and stayed with me. So she agreed, and I had no problems with it, because we had always gotten along, more like best friends than actual siblings.

I had always found Erica extremely attractive. She had long brown hair, brown eyes, stood about 5'9" and probably weighed 120 pounds soaking wet. She had a nice set of firm, perky breasts that were surprisingly big for her small frame. Her grandfather used to joke around about why her waist was so small, because nothing grows in the shade. I was always dropping my eyes to her breasts, or to her ass when she walked by. I knew she was my half sister, but I didnt care. A hot girl is a hot girl in my book.

When she came to stay with me, things really got difficult for me. Erica would go around the house in just a pair of panties and a bra most of the time if she had nothing to do that day, and I was finding it harder and harder to keep my thoughts under control. I remember the first time I came in, and I saw her, and I averted my eyes and said I was sorry, and she explained that she didnt know why. I was her brother first and foremost, and moreover, a bra and panties doesnt reveal any more than a bathing suit does. She had asked if I had a problem with it, and of course I told her I did not. So, most of the time she was wearing little to nothing.

As days went by, and I watched her huge breasts straining against the material of her bra, and getting glimpses of her snatch through the practically painted-on underwear she wore, I found it harder and harder to keep my hardon under control, and out of her view. When she pressed against me while giving me a hug as I left for work, I tried like hell to keep her from noticing my hard cock, the result of having such a great view of her incredible body. Then, one night, I couldnt take anymore. I had to find out if I could fuck this incredible body I had gotten so many great views of over the past few months. I had rented some movies, and Erica came in with the popcorn. She was wearing a big, red flannel shirt, and I immediately recognized it as one of mine.

"You cold or something?" I asked her

"No, why do you ask that?" She replied, giving me a strange look.

"Well, you have a shirt on. Whats the occaision? I figured you 
must be cold, since you dont wear a whole lot if you dont have to."

She smiled at me and said "Oh, this. Well, Im wearing this, because Im not wearing anything underneath it. Thats why Im wearing yours, because its big enough so that it works like a big nightgown."

I was stunned at the revelation that she had no bra restraining her big breasts, and there were no panties covering that pussy that I had been getting glimpses of for so long. Everything I desired was all right there, behind the buttons of my favorite flannel shirt.My cock was instantly hard, and my heart was in my throat as she sat down next to me. Thoughts were spinning around in my head. On one hand, I could reveal how I felt and she would agree to have sex with me, and all would be great, but on the other hand, what if she was horribly disgusted by it, and it ruined our relationship? For what seemed like an eternity I pondered both sides of the situation. When she leaned over, and I caught a glimpse of one of her breasts down my shirt she was wearing, I had decided that I had to know.

"Erica, can I ask you a question?"

She looked over at me and said "Yeah, what is it?"

"Its a personal question, and I dont want you to get mad at me if I ask you."

She looked at me kinda funny, and then said "You can ask me anything you know. Im pretty sure I wont get mad....."

I took a deep breath, looked into her eyes and I asked her the big question.

"Erica, would you have sex with me?"

Her eyes got really big, and she nearly choked on her pop she was drinking.

"WHAT?!?!"

"I was wondering if you would have sex with me. I think youre 
incredibly beautiful, and you have no idea what you do to me when I look at you. You dont have to if you dont want to, but I had to find out, or I would never forgive myself for never asking you."

She stared at me for a while, chewing on her bottom lip like she 
always did when she was doing her homework. She got up, and said that she would be back, and left the room. I then thought that I had just made the biggest mistake of my life, and I didnt know how we were going to deal with this. Just as I was letting my paranoia get the better of me, Erica came back into the room, and sat down next to me.

"John, youre my brother, and you know I love you. That being said, I cannot have sex with you. It just wouldnt be right. Ive thought of you like that once or twice, but only in fantasy. It would not be right for us to have sex."

"Not even one time? Just for fun?"

She smiled and looked into my eyes, and said "No, not even just for fun. But, I understand what you have told me, and Im very flattered that you think I have an attractive body. I guess Ive given you a hardon or two with the skimpy clothing I wear then huh?"

I replied that she had, and moved her hand down to my stiff cock, to show her that I wasnt lying.

"Im so sorry. I didnt think that you were interested in me that 
way, or thought that way."

She then smiled and turned the lights down. I asked her what she was doing, and she told be to wait and see. She shut off the TV, and closed the blinds, and locked the door, and then sat back down next to me.

She took my hand and said "We cant have sex, but if you want, I can help you with that." moving her eyes down to my crotch.

"Like how?"

"Ill show you what is behind the shirt, and maybe put on a little 
show for you, while you jack off. Will you jack off for me?"

I was disappointed that I wasnt getting to fuck her, but I was going to get to see her bare breasts, and her pussy. I thought about this maybe making the situation worse, but I didnt care, and I agreed to let her help me out.

"Show it to me" she said.

I removed my jeans, and my hard cock sprang forth. Erica's eyes 
widened at the sight of my cock, and she began unbuttoning the 
shirt. She unbuttoned it all the way, and then opened it, but did 
not take it off. I could now see her bare breasts, and erect 
nipples, and her completely hairless pussy.

"God, Erica, you are so gorgeous. Are you sure you dont want to 
have sex?"


She smiled, and shook her head no, and told me to stroke it for her, for me to show her how much I liked her naked body. She began squeezing her breasts together, and licking her nipples alternating between the two. I began stroking my cock for her, and she began playing with her clit.



"Erica, you are so fucking hot. I love looking at your naked body. 
You are so beautiful. Mmmmm, pull on your nipples for me....mmm yeah thats it.."

"Yeah, stroke it for me John. Jerk that big beautiful cock off over 
my body. Oooooh, does that feel good? Come on, faster, faster 
John. Does looking at my naked body make you want to cum??"


 Soon I was ready to explode, and she instructed me to come 
wherever I wanted to, and I told her that i wanted to come on her gorgeous breasts. As I got closer and closer, she leaned forward and squeezed her breasts together, and then I shot stream after 
stream of hot cum all over her neck, breasts, and stomach.
"Oh fuck!! Im gonna cum!! Oh fuck Erica...Im going to cum all over your tits...now...Now....aaahhh!!!"

She leaned back, and rubbed my cum into her breasts, and onto her nipples, and began licking it off of her fingers. She smiled at me and asked if I felt better, to which I replied, "A little".

She leaned in and gave me a big squeeze, and went off to take a 
shower, and then go to bed. I stayed up, and as I had initially 
feared, just getting a good look at her wasnt enough. I knew that I had to fuck her. One way, or another, I was going to find a way to fuck my sister. I went to bed, trying to think how I would get my cock inside my sister's tight little hairless cunt, and have her screaming my name in ecstacy. 
When I came out into the living room the next morning, and prepared to leave for work, I noticed a change right away. Instead of seeing my sister bouncing around the house in her underwear, I found her fully dressed. 
"Going somewhere?" I asked
"No, not today" she answered
"Oh. I just noticed youre dressed like youre going somewhere instead of.."
"Instead of running around in my panties?"
"Well, yeah."
"I think its probably a good idea if I just wear clothes from now on. Besides, I dont want to cause you any more um.....distress."
"Oh." I said, and she read the obvious disappointment on my face. 
"What? You want me to run around nearly naked, giving you a hardon and making you want to have sex with me even worse, when we both know that that cant happen?"
"I could deal with it." I secretly lied.
"I dont think so. Even what we did last night was going too far. It isnt right for a brother and sister to have sexual contact of any kind."
"Well, if I wasnt your brother, would you fuck me then?"
"Im pretty sure I would. Its not about lack of desire John. Youre good looking, youre very sweet, and youve always taken care of me when I needed you. Not to mention you have a wonderful cock. But, youre my brother, and we just cant do that. Its not right."
"Yeah yeah, I get it. I gotta go to work". I said, and turned to leave.
"Youre not mad at me are you?" she asked me.
"No. Im not mad at you. Just mad at the situation."
I left for work, skipping out on the usual hug I got before I left. It appeared that she was dead set on her position, and I was really going to have my work cut out for me if I was to convince her to get into bed with me.
A couple weeks went by, and more and more I found myself becoming obsessed with having sex with Erica. At my request, she had gone back to living her comfortable way of not wearing clothing when she didnt have to, so that I could at least see as much of her body as I possibly could. I even began to think she was intentionally teasing me with her body. She would lean over my shoulder as I typed at the computer, and I could glance over and see her huge breasts nearly falling out of her bra. Or she would bend over to pick things up out of the floor as she straightened up the living room, giving me a perfect view of her ass, and the outline of her pussy lips pressed against the tight material of her panties.
I was going insane, trying to think of some way to convince her. I repeatedly asked her if she had changed her mind, and she always said the same thing. It wouldnt be right. It wouldnt be right. Blah Blah. I was getting so sick of that answer. I knew, I just KNEW that if I could get her to fuck me one time, she would change her mind, her entire outlook on the situation. 
Another week went by, and I came home from work and found that she had invited some friends over. They were drinking and having a good time watching some movies, and I went down the hall to my room, and found the clothes I wanted to wear later and got into the shower. When I was nearly finished, I heard the sound of the bathroom door opening. I figured that it was Erica, but when I stuck my head out of the door, I saw that it was Ericas friend Lisa. I could tell that Lisa had been drinking quite a bit, and she was swaying as she walked. She began to walk toward me, taking off pieces of her clothing until she stood naked in front of me.
"Got room for one more in there?" She asked.
Lisa was pretty attractive, but didnt hold a candle to my sister. But since I wasnt getting my sister's pussy quite yet, and i hadnt been laid in a long time, I figured what the hell, and invited Lisa into the shower with me. She began kissing me, and I ran my hands over her tits, and slid my hand down to her pussy, which was soaking wet between her own juices and the warm water flowing over both of us. As I kissed her, I slid my finger into her pussy, and began to finger her. She moaned loudly, and began to bite and kiss me on my neck. She moaned louder and louder, and soon she was begging me to fuck her.
"Take me to bed John. Fuck me. Fuck me right now, I want to feel your big cock inside my pussy. Come on."
We left the bathroom, and without even bothering to dry off, we went straight to my bed. On the way to the bedroom, down the hall, I saw Erica and Kimberly sitting on the couch, and Erica happened to glance over and see Lisa and I, buck naked and dripping wet going into my room. Her eyes widened, and she looked away suddenly. I figured I would take this opportunity to show Erica what she was missing. I would fuck seven bells out of Lisa, and get her screaming to high heaven, and maybe that would pique her curiosity enough to do me just one time.
I threw Lisa onto the bed, and immediatley slid my tongue into her wet pussy. I was eating her snatch like it was the last opportunity I would ever have to eat pussy in my life. I felt Lisa's body stiffen, and she was moaning and whining like a long tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs.
"Oooooooh!!! Oh GOD John!! Oh yes, eat my pussy baby! Oh OHHHH!! Oh fuck yes! FUCK YES!! Oooooh keep licking me baby!! Ohh GOD suck on my clit!! Yes! YES!! YESSSSSS!!! OOOOOHHHH GOD IM CUMMING!!!! IM CUMMING!!! OHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"
Lisa's orgasm rocked her body and her juices flowed over my tongue. She tasted so sweet, and I couldnt help but wonder, even through this, what Erica's pussy must taste like. I reached up and began to pinch Lisa's nipples as I continued eating her dripping snatch. 
"Fuck me!! Fuck me now John!! Oh God I cant take it anymore. Ive got to have your cock inside me right now!! Please, Please fuck me with your big cock. Make me cum all over your hard dick!!"
Eventually, after making Lisa beg for it for a little while longer so that Erica could hear, I granted her request, and I slid my aching cock into her sex soaked pussy. Lisa's moans became louder, and louder, almost feral in nature, and her eyes rolled back in her head as she bucked her hips against my own. 
"Oh fuck John!! Its so fuckin big!! God, Yes!! Deeper!! Oh Deeper!! Fuck me baby, ooooooooohhh!! Oh!! Oh!! Oh!! Ahhhhh!! Yes!! Oh please dont stop fucking me baby!! God it feels so fucking good!!!"
Lisa began squeezing her tits together and pinching her nipples as I fucked her, and her moans had now become full fledged screams of passion. I was fucking her like she had never been fucked before, and she was getting so loud that Erica and Kimberly had come down the hall for a closer look. I looked up, and in the mirror over the headboard I saw Erica standing at the door, watching me fuck her friend silly. I dont know if it was wishful thinking on my part or not, but I thought I saw a tinge of jealousy cross her face, if only for a moment.
Then, knowing Erica was there watching, I positioned Lisa doggy style, and began to fuck her harder and faster than I had before, and Lisa was nearly going hoarse from all the screaming and moaning she was doing. Then as i approached my climax, I ordered Lisa to turn around.
"Turn around baby, I wanna cum in your mouth."
"Ohh God yes! Let me taste your cum."
Lisa began sucking my cock furiously, bobbing her head up and down, and I began moaning and groaning, letting Erica know how good her friend was making me feel. 
"Thats it Lisa. Suck my cock. Im almost there.....Ungh!! Oh Fuck! Yeah!! Ohh yeah, open your mouth!!"
Lisa released my cock, and I began to stroke my cock off into her open mouth, and all over her face. The first stream went into her mouth, and down her throat, and the second and third streams landed on her lips and chin. I moved closer to her so that the final streams landed on her cheeks, and on her now closed mouth.
Lisa began licking her lips, and wiping up all my cum with her fingers, not missing a drop. She then took my cock into her hands, and slowly licked my cock completely clean, all as Erica watched silently at the door. As Lisa finished, I saw Erica quietly slip back down the hall with Kimberly to keep us from knowing she had seen us. She had no idea I knew she was there after seeing her in the mirror.
Lisa and I returned to the shower together, and cleaned up, and then she dressed herself and went to get Kimberly so that they could leave for home. I heard them saying goodbye to Erica, and the door closed behind them. As I was changing my soaking wet bedsheets, I heard Erica come into my room behind me.
"Was she good?" Erica slurred.
I turned to look at Erica, and she was more than a little tipsy. She was on the verge of being totally smashed.
"Well, yeah" I answered.
Erica snorted in obvious disgust. Apparently the jealousy that I thought I had seen wasnt just my imagination.
"What? Did you not want me to fuck Lisa?"
"She isnt in your league John. You can do so much better than her."
"Yeah, well you know what I want, you just have a psychological thing going on that is keeping me from it."
"Fuck you." She shot at me.
"Uh, thats the idea" I retorted.
Erica left the room and went back out into the living room. When I followed her, I saw that she was drinking more, and pouting on the couch. I went and sat on the couch next to her. 
"Are you jealous or something?" I asked her
"A little." She admitted. "When I saw you doing those things to her, I wished that you were doing them to me. And when you came all over her, I was mad because she was the one making you feel so good, and I wanted it to be me."
"But you said..."
"I know what I said, and I meant it, John. Just because I feel that it isnt right for us to have sex doesnt mean that I have to like it, and it doesnt mean that I wont be upset when I see you fucking my friends and cumming all over their face."
She took another shot of tequila, and tears began to well up in her eyes.
"Im going to bed. Ill talk to you in the morning."
Erica half walked, half staggered to her bedroom, removed her clothes and collapsed onto her bed. A little while later, I went in to check on her, and the sight of her lying there completely naked was stunning. This was it. I had to have her pussy, right then and there. I didnt care about what she thought anymore. I went to her dresser and removed four of her silk scarves and I went over to the bed. Erica was sleeping heavily, most likely due to the alcohol that she had imbibed earlier. I slowly moved her arms up over her head, and tied her hands with the scarves, not enough to hurt, but enough so that she couldnt resist. I spread her legs, and tied her ankles in a similar fashion. I encountered little resistance.
With her arms and legs now secured, I was now free to do whatever I wanted to her. Erica was still out cold, she had more to drink tonight than usual. I removed my clothes and got onto the bed with Erica. Her head was tilted over toward her left shoulder, and her big breasts heaved with each breath she took. 
I leaned over, and took her right nipple into my mouth and began to swirl my tongue all around it. I squeezed her left breast, and rolled it around as I nursed on her rapidly hardening nipple. Erica's breathing began to quicken, and she turned her head, but her eyes were still closed. I began to pinch, and lightly pull on her left nipple between my thumb and forefinger while sucking harder on her right one. I began to lightly nibble on her nipple, which was now hard as a rock. 
I moved up to Erica's neck, and began to kiss and suckle her neck, all the way up to her earlobe. I took her earlobe into my mouth, and began to suck on it while I breathed heavily into her ear. Erica stirred a bit more, but still, her eyes remained closed. 
I sat up, and began to run my hands all over her body. I ran my hands up and down her legs, over her inner thighs, up over her tight little tummy, and up to her massive heaving breasts. I began to pinch and tug on her nipples again, and squeezed her breasts harder than before. Slowly, Erica's eyes fluttered open.
As Erica realised that she was completely naked, and tied to her bed, she looked up at me with those beautiful brown eyes with a look that was a little hard to read. Soon, she spoke.
"So. You look pretty determined not to take no for an answer. So what, are you going to rape me now?"
I knew that what I was doing was wrong, but I was too far gone to go back now. If it came to that, I was prepared to fuck my sister without her consent. But I had a feeling that it wouldnt get that far.
"Its only rape if you arent willing." I smiled at her.
"Ive told you no plenty of times." She shot back.
I ran my fingers over her nipples, which stood fully erect and pointing at the ceiling, and I grazed my hand lightly over her bare snatch, and the heat eminating from it was unbeilievable. I gently ran my finger down her slit, and found her to be dripping wet already.
"Hmm. Your mouth says no, but your nipples, and your pussy are telling me yes." I said to her.
She did not resist when i leaned down and began to suck on her breast. Nor did she turn away when I leaned down to kiss her. As our lips met, she accepted my tongue into her mouth almost immediately, and after a few moments, began to kiss me back. 
"Im going to change your mind, one way or another Erica." I said to her as I moved down toward her bare, wet pussy.
I positioned myself at the end of the bed, with Erica's pussy right in my face. She made no attempt to close her legs, even though the silk restraints would have stopped her anyway. Slowly, I began to kiss her inner thighs, licking her soft skin, working my way closer and closer to her pussy. I got within centimeters of her pussy before moving away a couple times, and Erica's breathing began to get faster and faster. 
Finally, I lowered my tongue to her dripping snatch, and slid my tongue into her slit. 
"Aaaaahhhh!!! Ohh! Oh God!! John!!"
Erica's entire body stiffened as my tongue penetrated her sweet pussy, and I slowly began to delve the depths of her hot pussy as far as my tongue could reach. Erica was trying to keep her composure as best she could, but her body would not cooperate with her. Her hips began to buck, forcing my tongue deeper into her cunt, and her juices began to really flow as my tongue assaulted her pussy. I moved up, and began kissing her pussy lips, sucking on them, and then I zeroed in on her swollen clit. I took her clit into my mouth and began to suck and swirl my tongue around it at the same time, and Erica just lost it.
"Ohhhhhhhh!! Oh God!! FUCK!! Ohhhhhhhhhhh!! AHHHHHHHHHH!! MMMMMM!! NNNNNGGGHH!!! Huhhhh!! Oh God John!! Im gonna cum! Youre making me CUMMMM!!"
Erica's arms strained against the silk restraints as her orgasm shook her body. A wave of hot pussy juice erupted from her snatch, and I did not miss a single drop of her precious liquid. I began to lap up her juices, and kept a slow and steady pace licking her clit until her orgasm had subsided. 
I moved up to Erica's face, and her eyelids were heavy, and her pupils were very dilated and she looked up into my eyes.
"Ive never felt anything so good John. My entire body is shaking." She gasped.
"Im just gettin started babe." I smiled at her.
I moved back down to her pussy, and began to eat her sweet snatch once more, and then, just as I felt her orgasm beginning to build, I stopped.
"John!! Oooohhh! Please!! Please dont stop!!"
I took this opportunity to see If she had changed her mind.
"Can I fuck you Erica?"
"What? I thought you were going to anyway!?"
"I dont want to rape you Erica, I want you to want this. I only did this to show you what you were missing. Will you let me slide my cock into your pussy and fuck you?"
"Yes John.You can fuck me! Just dont stop!!!"
I went back to eating her delicious pussy until she came once more, and then I moved back up to where I could kiss her. The kiss this time was much more passionate, and her tongue invaded my mouth as soon as I kissed her. By the time we broke this kiss, we were both fighting for air.
"Im going to untie you now. I want you to be able to touch me as much as I touch you."
I removed the restraints from Erica's arms and legs, and before I knew it, Erica was throwing me down on the bed.
"My turn...."
She took my rock hard cock into her soft hands, and slid it into her hot mouth. She began to suck my cock furiously, and the waves of pleasure she was sending through my cock were like nothing I had ever felt before. She stroked my cock with her hand, while bobbing her head up and down the length of my shaft, in a very fast, extremely wet blowjob. I had never been blown like this before, and I had no idea my little sister was such a world class cocksucker. She began to cup my cum laden balls in her other hand, squeezing and rolling them around, all the while keeping up her pace jerking and sucking my cock off.
"Ahh!! Oh God Erica, that feels so fucking good. Ohhhhh.....mmmmmmm...FUCK!!"
I began to play with her titties as she sucked my cock, eliciting moans from her mouth around my cock. She looked so fucking hot with my cock sliding in and out of her mouth, and she looked up into my eyes as she sucked me, and the sultry look in her eyes was so awesome. She was totally into making me feel good with her mouth. She removed my cock from her mouth and ran her tongue up and down the shaft, ever so slowly, and then slowly up the base, and then all at once she slid my cock entirely back into her mouth and resumed her frenetic pace. She slid my cock out of her mouth, and moved down to my aching balls, and took them into her mouth, and began jerking my cock while sucking gently on my balls. The feeling of her tongue on my balls along with the suction was indescribable. Then, she went back to sucking my cock once more, and then, she looked up at me with that sexy look in her eyes again, and deep throated my cock.
"Ah!! Ohhhhhhhhhhhh....FUCK!! Erica!! Youre gonna make me....CUM!!! Ohhhh fuck!!"
Erica slid my cock out of her mouth, and began to jerk my cock off into her open mouth. I could take no more, and I started cumming all over her. She took most of the blasts into her mouth, and quickly swallowed all of my cum, and the rest of my cum shot down over her massive tits. She licked my cock clean, and her eyes widened as my cock remained hard after shooting so much cum.
"Wow. Youre.....youre amazing...."
"Its you Erica. Ive never been so fucking turned on by any other woman. Ive never came that hard in my life, and Im still hard."
"You wanna fuck me now, dont you?"
"Oh fuck yeah I do. Come here baby."
I laid Erica back down onto the bed, and positioned myself over her. I positioned my cock and prepared to enter her, when she grabbed my cock with her soft hands.
"Let me. I wanna slide your big dick into my pussy. I want you to know that I do want this."
She slid my hard cock into her incredibly hot pussy, and as soon as I was fully into her, she let out a moan the likes of which I will never forget. I began to slowly slide my cock in and out of her pussy, while she squirmed and squealed underneath me. I leaned down and began to suck on her breast as I fucked her, and I felt her hands move around to my ass and push me deeper and deeper into her body.
"mmmmmmmm!! Ooh!! Ooooooohh!! Oh John!! OH JOHN!! Fuck me!! Fuck me baby!! Oh your cock!! Its so fucking good!! Its perfect!! Ah!! AAAAhhh!!"
I squeezed her breast hard, and I began to fuck her even faster.
"Ohhhhh John. You like those big titties dont you? Ohh God suck em!! Ooh yeah squeeze my big fuckin tits!! Oh God you pay such good attention to them!! Youre the best lover Ive ever had!! Oh Ohhhhhh!!"
I kissed her deeply, and Erica's hands moved up to my back, and as she began to cum on my cock, I felt her pussy grip my dick harder than any Id ever felt before. She began kissing and biting my neck as her orgasm racked her body, and her fingernails running down my back heightened the pleasure even more.
After her orgasm, her pussy flooded once more with slick, warm pussy juice, making her pussy the hottest, slickest hole Id ever fucked in my life. I was sliding in and out of her pussy faster and faster, so fast that if she wasnt so wet it would have resulted in friction burns for the both of us. I pumped her pussy harder and harder, taking my cock nearly all the way out, and slamming it back in, pounding her g-spot like a heavy bag.
Erica was nearly insane with lust. She was thrashing around and screaming, throwing her head from side to side, squeezing her massive tits together and rolling them around, and bucking her hips to meet my every thrust. Soon, Erica was cumming again, and I was feeling like a bullrider at about that time, just trying to stay on throughout the entire ride.
When she had come down from her euphoric state, I slid my cock from her pussy, and turned her over. I began to fuck Erica doggy style, in front of her full length mirror she has on her wall. Watching Ericas mammoth boobs rocking back and forth as my cock pistoned in and out of her sopping wet pussy, along with her moans and cries of passion was enough to send me over the edge.
"Im gonna cum Erica! Ohhhh Fuck!!"
"Cum inside me John. I want to feel you cum. I need your hot cum deep in my pussy!!"
Hearing Erica talk like that was more encouragement than I needed, and I emptied my balls into her tight pussy. Stream after stream of white hot cum shot forth into her cunt, and then I collapsed onto the bed, exhausted, but finally, satisfied.
Erica crawled slowly over to me, her massive boobs swaying with each movement, and she laid her head down on my chest.
"Thank you John. Thank you for opening my eyes. I love you."
"I love you too sis, I said, cupping her breasts in my hands."
"This changes everything you know."
"I hope so."
"Im serious. I dont want you fucking anyone else, you hear me? If you want pussy, you get it from me. "
"I think I can handle that."
"We will find out, wont we." She said with a smile, and laid down next to me. Soon Erica was asleep next to me, and it was then that I had realised just what I had accomplished. Erica was mine now. I really did love her, more than just a sister, and it shook me to think what mightve happened if she hadnt come around. But, it worked out like I thought it would, and I was loving it.

Things did change around here, for the better as far as Im concerned. I found that Erica and I share the same caliber of sex drive, and we fucked each other all the time. No longer does she have to wear anything around the house, so Im treated to incredible views of Erica's body all the time. Every day when I come home from work, Im greeted immediately with a blowjob, dinner, and then I get Erica for dessert. 
It might not be socially acceptable, the relationship that she and I now have, but we really dont give a fuck what society thinks. 

