My Sister's Pussy
by Art Martin

Chapter 8

Katie gets excited about her prospects for some after school fun...

I woke early in the morning to the most pleasant sensation of having my dick sucked.  Just before I came, I remember thinking, 'I could get used to this!'  Leanne got what she was after and sprang out of bed.  I stayed for a while savoring the immediate aftermath of a good cum, before jumping into the shower with her for a little rub-a-dub-dub tittie fun.

After doing my morning chores of feeding the horses and cleaning out the stalls, I headed in for breakfast.  The animals had been agitated, as I had forgotten to feed them the night before.  I wasn't too worried that Dad would be upset with me; after all I was a bit distracted yesterday with Mama's cunt. 

That was a mistake.  As soon as I walked into the kitchen and caught the aroma of bacon, he lit into me for being irresponsible.  Right there at the kitchen table, he had me drop my pants and lean over the table, whereupon he blistered my ass with one of his wooden paddles.  All the while I was taking my punishment, Mama stood by the stove, wearing only a full apron, her bare ass cheeks tantalizing me.  The punishment over, I stood sporting a hard-on.  Dad looked at me, squinting his eyes frowning.  I suppose he didn't realize what Mama's state of dress was doing to me because he muttered, "You're getting too old for this sort of thing." 

Leanne had come in at the tail end of the paddling and at its conclusion sat down with a smirk on her face.  Dad took his seat and Mama served us.  I pulled up my pants and opted to eat standing up.   Mama was about to sit when Daddy grabbed her and started rubbing her butt no more than a foot from me.  Pulling her into his lap, he ran his hands under the apron to feel her up.  He growled, "You're all wet, Roxanne." 

I thought he was going to fuck her right there, but he abruptly stood and dragged her off to the bedroom without eating.

"What was that all about?" inquired Leanne with a grin.

"I forgot to feed the horses last night."

"That got him all worked up?"

"I'm not sure," I replied.

We cleaned up best we could, leaving Mama's and Dad's plates on the table along with their breakfast.  Neither of us knew if that would be acceptable, but took the risk, deciding it was the best that we could do.

Sam pulled up about ten minutes earlier than normal.  He was in an agitated state, worse than the horses had been, fretting about how soon it would be before Becky dropped off Katie, and running-on non-stop about how much fun we had with her yesterday afternoon and how much fun we were going to have with her after school today.  When Leanne walked out, he clammed up.

Becky pulled up the drive. Katie got out and Leanne got in. Becky whipped her car around kicking up gravel and zoomed off.

Sam sheepishly asked, "Would it alright with you if, uh, Katie and I rode in the back?  You can drive!"

Well, I had a Learners Permit, but Dad hadn't actually let me drive anywhere yet except up and down our gravel drive.  I jumped at the chance to really drive a car.  Cocksure and full of piss and vinegar, I slid behind the wheel and fired that puppy up.  With one foot on the gas and the other on the brakes, we were off like a herd of wild stampeding turtles creeping down the drive.  I managed to clip the mailbox as I turned onto the road causing Sam to exclaim, "Watch it, asshole!  Don't scratch my car!  Ah fuck, Kern, do you know what the fuck you're doing?"

"Relax, Dude!  I have it all under control."

"Watch the fuckin' ditch!  Oh SHIT!"

Skillfully I managed to get the car back onto the road.  At the first stop sign, I nearly launched Katie and Sam into the front seat.

"Goddamnit, Travis!  Easy!  Take it easy!  Fuck!  You want me to drive?"

"No, no, no!  I'm just not used to your car.  Uhmm, brakes are kinda touchy."

Still stopped, I turned to say something cute to Sam, but with Katie's blouse already unbuttoned and open, I knew he didn't want to hear any B.S. from me. I turned onto the highway and somehow managed to more or less stay in my lane without any other incidents.  The twenty-minute ride to school took more like thirty minutes, not that Katie or Sam minded.  I did my best and concentrated on the task at hand, but Sam's occasional hoarse whisper to, 'Suck my dick,' or 'Yeah, Katie, suck it good,' or, 'Goddamn that feels good,' and other such platitudes were distracting and left little doubt in my mind as to what was going on in the backseat.  Several quick looks in the mirror revealed Sam, but not Katie.

I pulled into the high school parking lot and found a space with no other vehicles anywhere near and parked, managing to take up four spaces.  I put it in park and turned to the rear seat.  Katie's head was still in Sam's lap, his pants down around his thighs.

"Hey, finish up, Katie," I said.  "We're here."

Sam closed his eyes and grunted, holding her head to his crotch.  Having sated Sam, Katie sat up smacking her lips, fastened her bra and buttoned her blouse.  A little cum was dripping from the corner of her mouth, so I helpfully scooped it up with a finger and fed it to her.

"C'mon, Sam, get your pants up," I urged, "we're gonna be late."

Sam and I piled out of the car.  We had to wait for Katie to fix her lipstick and straighten her hair.  While Katie repaired the damage, Sam reparked the car.

As we walked from the car, I broke the news.  "Listen, ya'll, I made a few phone calls last night.  There's gonna be a few extra guys joining us this afternoon."  Katie's eyes nearly glazed over and Sam started to protest.

"Don't sweat it, Dude."  I reached out and rubbed her lewdly in the crotch, "There's plenty of pussy here for all of us."

"Jesus Christ, man!  She's your girl!"

"That's right.  She's my girl, and I know how to take care of my girl." 

Sam went his way and Katie and I walked on over to the Junior High School.

"Are you serious, Travis?"

"Yeah, I'm serious."

"Who?  How many?"

"That's a secret, besides I'm not really sure how many will show up.  You got a problem with a gangbanging?  Now's the time to tell me."

"Oh god.  I don't know."

"Well, think about.  Let me know at lunch."

At lunch I found her sitting with Rita and JoAnn.  JoAnn smiled seductively, and greeted, "Here's the stud!  We have a date Friday?"

Crap, I'd forgotten all about the Friday night arrangements.  "Uh, yeah, sure.  You, me and Rita, and Sam and Katie.  Maybe we'll take in a movie, hang out at the Dairy Queen."

"Rita has a better idea," said JoAnn with a conspiratorial grin.

"Tell him, Rita."

Rita flashed me a radiant smile, her green eyes sparkling.  "JoAnn's mom and dad won't be home Friday.  I thought that maybe we'd all just... hang out there."  

I looked at the petite red headed virgin and thought, 'Oh yeah, baby.'  Struggling to be cool I smoothly replied, "Sure, that sounds great." 

"Maybe we'll play cards," added JoAnn with a coy smile.

"Cards?  Yeah, cards can be a lot of fun," I answered successfully suppressing the urge to say, 'Fuck that!"

The three girls chatted, actually JoAnn and Rita talked, I listened or at least I tried to listen, but the conversation just didn't make a whole of sense to me.  Parts did, but for all practical purposes they were speaking in code.  Katie, for the most part, she was quiet, lost in her own thoughts.  I was glad when the two other girls excused themselves to go talk with another group of girls.

"You alright?" I asked.

"Uh, yes, I'm fine."

"You seem... distracted."

"Oh god, Travis, I'm soaking wet!" she gushed in a whisper.  "I haven't been able to think of anything else this morning but sex, lots of sex."

"You want me to call it off?"

"Oh god...  I'm such a slut."

"If you don't want to..."

"Yes, damn it!  Yes!  Oh shit, I think I'm gonna cum just thinking about it!  School can't get out soon enough.

"I need you so bad," she went on. "Can't we..."

"You just need some dick," I said with a slight sneer.

"You've got that right.  Can't we go somewhere, for just a few minutes."

"You crazy?  Here?  At school?  We'd get kicked out!"

"Oh god, I'm going to go crazy waiting for the bell!"

"That'll make it all the more better."

"Why didn't you just surprise me?  Why tell me and get me all worked up thinking about it?"

"You need to think about it.  In case you don't want to do it."

"I have been thinking about it!  I've been thinking about nothing else. You know damn good and well that I want it."

"Good, because you're gonna be gang fucked this afternoon," I said in whisper.  "You'll have so many dicks stuck in you, you'll lose count."

"Oh god.  How many?"

"Not sure.  Including Sam and me, five or six."

"That's all?"

"You really are a slut, Katie.  That should be plenty."

"Yeah, you're right, it's just that I feel so needy."

I slipped my hand into her lap and squeezed her pussy, feeling her moisture seeping through her jeans.  "Feel better?"

"Oh, oh, oh, oh!"

I kept a sharp lookout for teachers and brought her quickly to the brink.  Then I stopped.

"Don't stop, Travis," she pleading begged.

"Save it for this afternoon."

"You bastard."

"Slut."

Her hand shot to her crotch and within seconds she closed her eyes, trembling.  Nervously I scanned the crowded cafeteria to see if anyone was watching her bring herself off.  She slumped against me, with her head burrowed into my shoulder.

From behind I heard Mrs. Cook, who had the reputation as the meanest teacher at Indian Creek Junior High, scowl, "Sit up straight, Ms. Tate!  No public demonstrations of affection on school property!  Now sit up!"

Katie sat up, her hands in her lap, staring forward, not daring to look at Mrs. Cook, as her state of lust was plainly evident in her face.  Mercifully, Mrs. Cook moved on to harass some other errant student and the bell rang signaling that lunch was over.

Katie moaned, "Oh god, look!"  Her hands parted revealing the wet spot on her jeans.

"You're gonna be a juicy little fuck this afternoon. Aren't you?"

Being a gentleman, I escorted her to her locker.  She was right behind me the whole way to disguise the tell tale wet spot.  Once at her locker, she retrieved her books to hold in front of her.  As she walked away, I couldn't help but notice that her wetness was visible from the rear as well.  Oh well, there wasn't anything I could do about that.

Next period was my turn to suffer.  I just didn't have time yesterday to finish my essay and all I could do was turn in the rough draft, with all the spelling errors, grammatical errors, errors of fact and logic that typify a very rough draft.  I knew good and well that I'd be lucky to get a 50 on it.  As bad as that would hurt my grades, it was far better than the zero I'd get for failing to turn it in on time.  I had fretted about it all morning, but there was no time to do anything about it.  I cast about to lay blame somewhere, after all I was very distracted yesterday, but finally realized that it was just too damned bad.  I did my best and I had only myself to blame.  I could have gotten it done, but there were better things to do, much better, and a poor grade was a small price to pay for my distractions.

The afternoon dragged on.  My thoughts were on Katie and I wondered how she was faring.  When the last bell rang and we hooked up to walk to Sam's car, I knew she hadn't fared well at all.  There was a wild look of lascivious desperation in her eyes.

The wet spot in her crotch was now even bigger and more pronounced than at lunchtime.

"You been getting yourself off in class?"

"What do you think?"

"I think you're ready for a Grade-A fucking."

"I've been ready all day!  C'mon, let's get going."

Sam was waiting for us by his car.  He offered to let me drive, but I declined in the interest of getting to the barn as quickly as possible. 

Katie sat in the middle, between Sam and I.  As Sam sped towards our destination, I helped Katie relieve herself of her sneakers, socks, jeans, and panties. She was so wet that it looked as if she'd squirted a half a bottle of lube between her legs.  My fingers found her hole and slid in effortlessly. 

The smacking noises my fingers were making in her pussy were loud enough to be heard over the road noise.  Sam had a hard time keeping his eyes on the road, his attention being drawn to the source of the syrupy noises.  My thumb pressed into her clit and teased her to another climax.  By the time we pulled off the highway and onto the road to home, I had stripped her of her blouse and bra, to ride completely naked the remaining distance to the barn.

Sam pulled up behind the barn, obscuring the car from the road.   Pulling her naked from the car, I half dragged her into the barn.  "Lookie here," I said in genuine surprise at the sight of several bales of hay laid out in a large rectangular platform about the size of a king sized bed.

"Your dad's been here," stated Sam.  "I didn't think he ever..."

"Yeah, well, he's come and gone," I said dismissively.   

I found the old Spiderman blanket and spread it out over the bales of hay.  Sam had quickly disrobed and ready for action.  As soon as the blanket was down, he had Katie down with him on top of her, trying desperately to find entrance to her vagina.  Katie helped him out and she gasped as his cock slid into her.

Poor Sam.  No technique at all.  He just began slamming her.  He had a lot to learn, but under the present circumstances a hard, rough fucking was just what Katie needed at the moment.  I had barely gotten my own clothes off before Sam was grunting and shuddering with ejaculatory delight.  Sam rolled off with a look of rapture on his face.  I guess he needed a quickie too. 

"Hey, Dude, you've got the sprint down pat, what you need to do is learn the marathon," I said teasingly.

Sam expression changed from blissful to shameful at the words of my tease.  "Don't sweat it," I said in an attempt to right a wrong, "we've all day with this slut."

I crawled up next to her and produced a strip of cloth to blindfold her.

"What's this for?"

"This will heighten your other senses.  You will be more attuned to sounds, smells, and touch."

"All I'm going to smell is this hay," she giggled as I tied the blindfold securely. 

"Can you see anything?"

"No."

"Tell the truth.  If you can see anything at all, it will spoil the effect."

"No, I can't see a thing."

"Any light?  Any at all?"

"No!  It's pitch dark."

"Good.  Now leave it on until I take it off.  Understand?"

"You sound like your Dad."

"Whatever slut.  Understand?"

"Why are you calling me a slut all a sudden?"

"You are a slut," I hissed in her ear.  "You know that, I know that, and Sam knows that.  Soon, several other guys are going to know that, but then again, they already know it too.  So be yourself and act like the slut you are.  Understand?"

"Okay, okay.  I'm a slut."

"That's right.  You know what slut's are good for?"

"Fucking?"

"That a girl!  Now show Sam how slutty you can be.  Show him how you frig yourself."

I'd never seen a girl masturbate before and what Sam and I witnessed, we'll never forget.  It was the hottest thing I'd ever seen.  There she was, my girlfriend, blindfolded and sprawled out nude for our pleasure.  One delicate hand stroked her pert pink nipples erect, while the other slid in and around her lewdly splayed pussy with Sam's cum oozing from her.  With her nipples pointing straight in the air, she moved that hand down from her tits, down to open her pussy lips and display her hard little clit.  Her fingers danced around her clit, her legs flexed and her toes curled.  Soon her free hand slid back up her torso to pinch and pull on her nipples.  The fingers in her pussy plunged in and out of her cunt hole and then furiously circled her clit for a moment before plunging back into her feverish fuck hole again.  Suddenly her upper chest became mottled like she had the measles, she arched her back and shook and then it happened, a gush of fluid poured from her pussy.

"Damn!" whispered Sam as she collapsed back onto the hay.  We looked at each other, the expression of surprise clearly written on our faces.  There was no need to act cool or any other bullshit, for what we had witnessed was unexpected and incredibly beautiful.

I had to taste her.  She had a heady aroma from being aroused all day and I wallowed my face in between her pouting labia.  The favor was familiar, yet better than any time before.  The quantity surprised me too.  I literally drank from her dripping wet cunt.  Didn't matter at all if some if not most of it was Sam's cum, I still dream about that moment when I gulped her copious fluids.  By the time I pulled my face from her pussy, I too was drunk with fuck lust.

Sitting upright, I scooted up between her legs with my knees tucked up under her thighs.  Grasping my stiff pecker, I slid the head up and down her heavenly slit and toying with her clit with the tip of my dick.  I gestured to Sam.  He understood and descended upon her left tit, causing her to gasp a little as he gnawed her nipple.  Soon she was begging me to put my dick into her.

Nestling into the maw of her carnal temple I took great delight in watching her pussy lips caress the head of my cock.  Jabbing her hips, she was trying to drive my cock into her, but I anticipated each thrust.  The result was that it appeared that the lips of her pussy were kissing my cock.  Finally after teasing her for a long time, I gave her what she wanted, what she craved, but not all of it, just a few inches at the most. 

Sam had just about wrecked her left nipple and had moved on the right when I first penetrated her.  The first time in I felt the bump on the fore-wall of her cunt, so there was no problem judging the depth for maximum effect.  Slowly, ever so slowly, I moved in and out, fucking her with deliberate shallow strokes, ten at a time, followed by a sudden and hard thrust deep, where I ground into her clit with my pubic bone.  After thirty seconds or so of grinding into her clit, I withdrew slowly to resume my slow, shallow fuck until I thrust ten times, then I rammed her again and mashed into her clit.  She didn't last long, four maybe five cycles and I saw the measles-like blush return to her chest.

Katie gave a guttural cry and punched up her hips, destroying my rhythm.  No matter, my object was to get her off and she got off spectacularly, thrashing around, fucking me violently until she stiffened rigidly and literally quaked.  Her cuntal spasms were so powerful that it reminded me of the night before when it felt like Mom's pussy was going to bite my dick off!

I survived with my organ intact and with my balls drenched with her dew.  Sam was ready to go again, so I yielded her still clasping cunt to him, pushing her thighs to remove her from my dick. 

Rolling her onto her stomach, I made her get up on her knees.  Sam and I explored her up thrust globes for a few minutes before I signaled him to back away. 

"Owwww!" she squealed as my hand slapped into her buttocks.  Immediately my handprint appeared in crimson, complete with the outline of all five fingers.

"You've been a naughty girl, Katie," I hissed.  "You're a slut and sluts are naughty girls.  You've let nasty boys stick their dicks into your pussy, let nasty boys shoot their baby making cream up your slutty cunt, sucked their nasty dicks and drank their spermy cum.  For being a nasty little slut, I'm going to have to spank you.  Understand slut?  I'm gonna spank you.  Spank your ass, then fuck your slut pussy again."

SMACK! 

"Owwwwww!"

"What are you, Katie?"

"I, I , I'm a slut!"  SMACK!  "Owwwwww!"

"Whose slut are you?"

"Yours Travis, yours.  I'm your slut, I..."  SMACK "Owwwww!"

"Now spread your butt cheeks, slut!  Spread'em, spread'em wide."

Katie reached back and spread herself open to Sam and me, her delicate brown star winking at us as her muscles randomly contracted as a result of the spanking. 

"You wanna taste?"

"You kidding?"

"No, she tastes good.  Go on, lick her."

"Fuck no, man!"

I put my face between her spread ass cheeks and licked up the open crevasse. She was very clean, musky but clean and not offensive at all.

"Oh, fuckin' gross!" exclaimed Sam.

Looking back at him I declared,  "Don't knock it if ya ain't tried it!"  Then I returned my attention to analingus.  I concentrated my main attention on licking around and over her asshole, flickering my pointed tongue across her, licking around at the edges.  I had never done anything like this before, but Dad did it to Katie's mom last night before buggering her. Miss Linda liked it and I figured I'd give it a try. 

Katie was squirming around, apparently enjoying the attention her anus was getting.  Sam just stood there in shock and I suppose disgust.  Somewhat annoyed I told him, "Dude, don't just stand there playing with yourself!  Give the lady something to chew on."  His eyes brightened as the light went on in his occasionally thick skull. 

Sam came around and nuzzled his stiff dick in her face.  Even blindfolded, she had no problem attaching her mouth to his dick and began swallowing his cock.  I was wallowing my face in her butt, alternately licking her cunt and licking her ass, occasionally thrusting my tongue into her anus.  My tongue grew tired and I pulled back, considering my next move. 

The next move I figured, involved shoving my cock into her, but which hole should take my pleasure with?  I moved behind her and placed my cock to her anus and gently bumped into her, then I moved my cock to slide between her legs before teasing her cuntal lips with my glans.  I moved back to tease her butt and then teased her pussy.  I know what she expected after the ass licking, but that's not what she got.  Forcefully, I rammed my cock into her cunt, knocking her forward and began screwing the hell out of her.


Chapter 9

Katie gets gangbanged and learns the family secret...

Blindfolded, Katie was up on all fours on the makeshift hay-bale bed, her cum-oozing pussy lips swollen and pronounced.  I mounted her again.  My dick slipped easily into the hot wet folds of her pussy once again, this time for a fairly energetic doggie-style screwing.  I pounded her a good five minutes before I switched off with Sam, letting him fuck her cunt while she sucked my dick.  Then we switched back. 

Leisurely doing the old in-and-out, I was listening to the lurid smacking sounds of her cum laden pussy sucking at my dick when I heard the crunching of gravel underneath the tires of an approaching vehicle.  I nodded to Sam that our guests had arrived.  I think he was somewhat relieved, as Katie was really working over his flagging organ, trying to get it up for another fuck.

"Listen up, slut!  Hear that!  They're here!  Our friends are here to fuck you!"

Katie froze, straining to make out the sounds.  The crunching noise stopped.  A car door slammed, then another and another and another.  Katie's pussy quivered on my dick. Twice more the sound of car doors slamming filled the air. Katie moaned.  Her cunt clamped down on my cock, as she came in anticipation of the debauchery ahead.

"That's it cunt, cum... cum on my dick!" I growled as I continued to slowly screw her from behind. "Yeah, they're coming to fuck you, slut.  They're coming to stick their dicks up your pussy, up your ass, and in your mouth.  Ugh...you like the very thought of it, don't you?  Yeah, baby, they're going to ravish your pussy, and make you feel... oh, so goooood.  After today, everyone in Indian Creek will know what a cock loving slut you are."

The barn door opened.  Sam went white as a ghost as the hulking figure of Gib Tate, Katie's dad, strode silently into the barn.  A moment later Gib was followed by Sam's dad, Joe Hollis and then my dad.  Sam's mouth hung open while his bladder involuntarily let go.  Unaware that he was pissing on his foot, he tried to speak, to warn me.  I put my finger to my lips for him to remain silent as Katie's dad, stonily silent, stood right behind me.  Sam started to speak again and I gave him the look that meant "shut-the-fuck-up".  His panic-filled eyes shifted from Katie's dad to his dad to my dad, back to his dad and Katie's dad and back to me.

To acknowledge that I knew who was there, I looked behind me and then back to Sam, all the while screwing Katie while our dads watched.  Gib licked his lips, put his finger to lips to insure Sam's continued silence, and began unbuttoning his shirt.  Dad unbuckled his belt and Sam's dad removed his shoes.  Sam silently mouthed, "Holy fucking shit!" as he slowly realized what was to take place.

"They're watching me fuck you, slut," I whispered.  "Soon, they'll be fucking you too.  Every one of them."  Her pussy clamped down on my dick again and she shook, moaning like a sick cat as the pleasurable waves of orgasmic tremors coursed through her young body.

The building excitement and squeezing of her cunt around my cock, pushed me to the very brink and then past the point of no return. My long delayed orgasm ripped through me.  "I'm cumming, slut, I'm cumming," I spat between my teeth.  "I'm gonna shoot my... Ahhhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Ahhhhhh!" 

Together we plunged over the edge into an all-enveloping universe of penultimate pleasure.  It seemed to go on and on, each blast as good as the one before.  When at last it was over, I was still reeling, holding onto her with a grip that left bruises on her hips, my tingling cock still caressed by the lessening undulations of her sweet, sweet cunt as my cock wilted to flaccidity.

Gradually my normal senses began to return.  I remember thinking that Uncle Jake was right about generating an intense orgasm by holding off as long as possible before allowing the release of your seed.  "Fuck," I muttered between short breaths before rudely pushing her ass to one side, letting her flop ungracefully onto her back, exposed and vulnerable, her splayed pussy leaking cum, the very vision of the total slut.

Catching my breath I hoarsely whispered, "What do you think of my slut, boys?  Fuckable, eh what?"  The three nude older men nodded their heads in approval, their mature cocks jutting like lances at the ready.  I looked back at Sam to gauge his reaction, no longer panicked, he was grinning ear to ear, his cock stiff and ready too.

I moved up closer to her still blindfolded face to whisper loudly so that all could hear.  "My friends are looking at you, slut.  Looking at you naked, fresh from a fuck, dribbling my spunk from your slut pussy.  They like what they see.  They're eager to fuck their dicks into you, cum inside you, and then fuck you again... Is that what you want?"

Katie nodded in agreement.

"What are you, Katie?"

"I'm a slut," she whispered.

"That's right, you're a slut.  And what are sluts good for?"

"Fucking," she said barely audible.

"That's right.  Sluts are good for fucking.  Now tell all my friends what you want them to do to you?"

"Fuck me."

"All of them?"  Katie shook her head, 'yes'.

"Okay, they'll all take turns fucking you.  Now be a good girl and show them what a slut you are.  Go on, play with yourself.  Get yourself ready for a fucking."

Katie lewdly spread herself out to her unseen lovers, pulling on her tits, twiddling her dripping twat.  Suddenly she stopped.  She cocked her head listening, listening to the dead silence that filled the barn. You could tell she was confused, doubtful, doubtful that anyone was there at all.  Her hand went to the blindfold and I stopped her. 

"Leave it on until I tell you to take it off."

"But... Travis, nobody's here.  You big faker!" 

Suddenly ten hands were on her, roaming at will across the bare skin of her nubile body. 

"Oh, my god," she squealed. 

Katie tried to count the hands, but with the constant movement she couldn't keep track of them.  As far as she knew, it could have been twenty hands.  Gib's right hand was cupping her pussy, squeezing the sperm out her to rub into her skin, while his left explored her tits in competition with the other eight hands.

Gib motioned for me to grab a leg.  Without prompting, Dad grabbed her other leg while Joe Hollis grabbed her by a wrist.  Gib motioned to Sam to take her other wrist, but he just looked about with the stupidest expression I've ever seen, and I had seen some dumb looks on his face.  "Get her by the wrist, Sam!" I blurted.  By some miracle, Sam got it and the four of us held her spread out on the hay bed.

Again Gib silently motioned for us to give her some slack.  With her pussy wide open and completely vulnerable, I began the spiel that I had been practicing all day.

"Look at you, Katie!  You're all spread out to be fucked by a gang of guys.  You're a naughty girl, aren't you slut?  Naughty, naughty, naughty!  What would your daddy think if he saw you now?  He'd think you're a naughty slut.  You know, Katie, I think he'd spank you.   In fact I know he'd spank you.  Well, you are a naughty slut, so before we all fuck you, you need to be punished."

At my nod, signaling the end of my contrived speech, Gib's open hand landed smack upon her pussy with a 'SLAP' that made me wince.  Katie screamed in pain as soon as he made contact.  She jerked violently, nearly ripping her flailing leg from my hand in the process.  'SLAP!'  Katie hollered again.  

"Stop!  Oh, please stop!"  SLAP!  "Owwww!  Plaeeese!  Don't..."  SLAP!  “Ohhhh!”  ‘SLAP’  “Please gawd!”  ‘SLAP!  SLAP!  SLAP!’

I cringed with each loud report announcing the contact of wet pussy flesh and her father's hand.  It hurt.  It had to hurt.  Katie fought fruitlessly against the four of us holding her in bondage.  She twisted and bucked, kicked her legs and tried her best to protect herself, but the pussy spanking went on with her pussy lips taking on a bright reddish glow.  

Gib paced and measured blows became a blur of gentle slapping.  Her clit poked out from between her labia and was being assaulted directly.  He wasn't really hitting her hard, but the wetness pouring from her cunt amplified the sound of each blow.  She squirmed and struggled, crying and moaning with her nipples sticking straight up.

Her stomach began to undulate and her upper body took on the color of her abused vulva.  I'd seen that before, when she was really turned on and about to cum.  Still blindfolded, I couldn’t see her eyes, but I knew that they were now scrunched up tightly shut. 

Gib stopped the spanking and held up his wet hand for all to see.  Then he grasped her elongated clit between two fingers and squeezed.  Katie made an odd squeaking sound.  Her hip punched skyward as she arched her back.  To my astonishment, juice shot from her pulsating cunt and into her father's hand to drip uselessly upon the blanket.

Gib let go of her clit.  Waiting for her orgasm to ebb, Gib lapped greedily at the girly sauce covering his hand.  Smearing the rest of his daughter's moisture on his hairy chest, Gib moved up on top of her.  Brushing against her as he positioned himself, Katie knew that whoever it was, he was enormous.

"Oh god!" she squeaked as her father positioned himself in the traditional manner proscribed by Christian missionaries. Gib aimed his cock and lunged into his youngest daughter.  "Ohhhhh!" she gasped as the large-bore cock stretched and filled her vagina. 

Gib Tate fucked his daughter a good fifteen minutes in a straight fucking, never varying his position, but constantly varying the manner in which he thrust into her.  In her already highly aroused state, the fires of passion exploded within her like a wildfire crowning through the tops of a doomed forest.  The desire-fueled fire raged unchecked as she started cumming and cumming and cumming.  After a long hard fuck, Gib's expression turned from gleeful lust to lustful agony as he buried himself deeply to cum directly in his youngest daughter's wildly spasmodic womb.

Collapsing on the lust-crazed girl, he almost crushed her with his massive bulk.  She was wiggling around helpless under him when Dad and Mr. Holis lifted him up enough so that she could catch a breath.  Regaining enough of his senses, Gib lifted himself up and off her prone body, his big dick making a lurid sound, like a wet "plop", as he pulled still semi-hard from her clasping snatch.  Gib slid up her body until he had his semi-erect cock in her face.  Upon brushing her lips with his still dripping dick, she opened up and he stuck it in all the way.  His massive body began thrusting again, this time fucking her throat. 

Dad climbed on board, holding his weight off with his arms as he slid effortlessly into her drooling snatch.  In the position he was in, Gib's fleshy haunches slapped up against Dad's chest as they both fucked her.  I thought it might have been a little too much for her, but they way she was humping her hips, meeting each and everyone of Dad's thrusts, I knew that she was having a grand time.

Dad was demanding to say the least, but having said that, he was also thoughtful and considerate.  I know he could have lasted a long, long time, but after a few minutes, he moved off her and shoved Gib to get him off and let Sam's dad have a go at her.

Joe, Mr. Holis, rolled her over and lifted Katie by the hips.  He was straddling her in a crouched position and as soon as she had her knees under her, he was fucking her, thrusting downward while at the same time lifting her hips and pulling her into his groin. 

Dad and Gib Tate then got into a little competition.  Each had his cock in her face and each tried to get her to blow him.  Katie quickly resolved the dilemma of which dick to suck, by sucking on one while the other was pressed to her face, then gobbling down the other, switching dicks every ten to fifteen seconds.

Joe started grimacing and grunting, sounding just like Sam does.  He was shooting in her, that for sure.  Mr. Holis motioned for Sam to come over.  Pulling out, he offered Katie's upturned bottom to his son to fuck.  Sam, as unimaginative as ever, fucked her doggie- style again.  Mr. Holis grabbed Sam's hand, put it to her anus and rubbed Sam's hand into her.  The light bulb went on again, and soon he was fingering her ass as he fucked her, something I knew she enjoyed.  As good an effort as Sam was making, he still didn't have much control and sooner than I expected he was grimacing and grunting like his old man.

It was my turn, but rather than fucking her, I opted for a grand cream pie and dove in between her legs for a creamy snack.  By this time her cunt was red and swollen, overflowing with multiple loads of creame-de-la-sperm sauce.  She tasted great.  The mixture of female and male sex secretions was a nasty taste-treat delight, one that henceforth I was addicted to.  I came to consider myself a connoisseur of dripping cunts, and rarely passed up an opportunity to give a freshly fucked girl a good oral workover.  A service, I might add, that delighted the cream-filled girl and ensured future encores.

I latched onto her like a sucker catfish attaches itself to the glass side of an aquarium.  The way her hot pussy pulsated on my lips as soon as contact was made, I knew she had been on a continuous orgasmic plateau since I had last fucked her.  She was crazed and babbled incoherently whenever a cock wasn't shoved in her mouth.  The psychological floodgates of nymphomania had been forever opened and she would never be the same.  I didn't know that at the time, only through the years do I know it to be true.  Nonetheless, I had never seen her in such a state of total slutdom before, including the pool party when she was first gang banged.

Needing to give my tongue and cheeks a rest, I decided it was time for a change of pace.  I requested and received a handy tube of KY Jelly.  Then as I greased up my pecker, I requested assistance in holding her legs such that her butt rotated upwards.  Gib's face was right at my pecker as I placed it against her anus.  Dad got in close for a good view as well and Sam, well, he somehow got his head in to watch too.  I pushed and her butthole sprung open on cue allowing me entrance into her ass.  Sam gasped, "Oh my god!"  Then he sated the obvious, "His dick's in her ass!"

I'd sodomized her countless times since we began screwing several months ago.  It was her fuck-de-choice even after I ripped her hymen away.  I knew from experience just how fast to take it.  Just from the feel of her rectum around my cock, I knew how fast I could thrust and how deep.  Soon she was loosened up, my dick effortlessly gliding in and out of her now gapping hole.  Gib had the honors of tweaking her clit and Dad the honor of finger fucking her while I had my pleasure.  Meanwhile, Sam and his dad put in their entries for the double-dick-sucking event.   The feel of her gut churning around my cock as wave after wave of orgasmic contractions wracked her was a sublime experience in and of itself, one which I grew to appreciate and lust after through the years. 

There was no sense in holding back my building orgasm, as it would have been impossible to experience a repeat of my earlier other-worldly sexual ecstasy.  Like Uncle Jake said, "There is a certain quality to quantity."  My new priority was getting my nuts off as much as possible.  I let it rip, fucking her ass through my orgasm until my wilting fuckwand folded in half.

Dad handed me a Handy-Wipe to clean off my dick.  I was thankful that he had thought to bring a pack of this handy item, because that meant I could fuck her pussy again.  That was another thing Uncle Jake had told me, "After you fuck a girl in the butt, don't stick your dirty dick in her cunt or her mouth until you clean your dick good.  You'll give her one hell of an infection if you stick her with a dirty dick.  No sense at all in putting a perfectly good pussy out of service just because you're stupid!"  Made good sense to me and I had followed that advice religiously.

Big ole Gib was now on his back, guiding his Katie to climb on top of him.  Still blindfolded, Katie laid on the kisses to his mouth, neck, pectorals, nipples and hairy belly, feeling him up like she'd been felt up.  She toyed with his cock and bull-like testicles, sensing with her hands what she couldn't see with her eyes.

"Nice dick," hissed the young slut as she kissed the bulging glans of her father's large cock.  She was nibbling up and down Gib's vein-streaked stalk when Dad put it to her pussy again, fucking her as she bent over sucking her old man.  Gib was patient, allowing her to orally lave his genitalia while his best buddy fucked his daughter.  By the expression on his face it was obvious that Gib was enjoying every minute of it.

Dad spat out a string of unintelligible words as he screwed her, working up quite a sweat doing her. The only word I understood was a clearly spoken "fuck" that flew from his mouth with a quantity of spittle just as he threw his head back and slammed deep into her pussy, knocking her forward and away from her daddy's dick.   Dad ground his groin into her as his seed flooded her vaginal cavity.  She fell forward onto Gib, and as she did, pulled Dad's dick from her cunt.  He was still ejaculating, his cum practically flew halfway across the barn, landing in Gib's face as well as up her entire back. 

When that glob of Dad's spunk glopped onto Gib's face, I thought that there might be trouble, but Gib got the giggles and struggled mightily not to burst out laughing.  If he laughed out loud, it was certain that Katie would have figured out who he was.  Gaining the upper hand on himself, Gib scooped the glob from his face and put it to Katie's lips.  She licked it from his fingers and he kissed her.  Poor Sam.  When he saw this, his jaw dropped.

Gib pulled her forward and pushed her upright straddling him.  Katie reached below her, found his bulging cock and directed her pussy to his awaiting glans.  She sank down, taking the entire length of his thick cock in her.  Rising and falling, she fucked herself on her daddy's cock.  Meanwhile Joe Holis stood straddling Gib; a few brushes of his prick across her face and she was latched onto the offered organ. 

Apparently Gib was in a playful mood, reaching up to goose Joe in the butt.  Joe jerked away, but in order to stay in position, he had to remain vulnerable to Gib's poking.  Joe danced and swatted at Gib's probing hand.  Dad was cracking up at the antics and even Sam found it more humorous than shocking.  Finally it was too much for Joe and he pulled his cock from her mouth and moved off, giving Gib a playful kick in side as he retreated.

Gib grabbed her by the nipples and pulled her down on him, taking over the responsibility of fuck thrusting into her cunt.  Dad greased his pecker with the KY and mounted her.

"Oh my god!" whimpered Katie as Dad ran his dick up her butt.  Now it was my turn to join Sam to drop my jaw in shock and awe.  I never imagined that two guys could actually fuck a girl simultaneously.  Seems entirely reasonable now, but I had never imagined it before.  Katie didn't either, but she was getting her first double-dicking, and the way her mouth hung open, it must have been an incredible experience for her.

Good thing I had loosened her up good because Dad was really putting it to her ass from the get-go.  The threesome moved fluidly as one, something Sam and I later discovered took a lot of practice. After about ten minutes of this, Dad grimaced and grunted, signaling that he was off-loading a batch of doomed swimmers up her rectum.

Freed from a cock up the wazoo, Katie rose up on her hands and resumed vigorously fucking her daddy.  Gib grabbed her hips to stop her motion.  Pushing her upward, his glistening cock emerged from her cunt and he repositioned the head at her gapping asshole.  Katie impaled herself with a grunt, paused for a moment and resumed fucking her dad.  Once again, Gib pulled her toward him by the nipples about halfway down. She continued fucking him.  Reaching for her face, Gib pushed the blindfold up and off her head.  Katie continued fucking him.

After a long minute, she slowed down, then stopped.  The face before her slowly began to register on her fevered brain. 

"Daddy?" she said tentatively, unsure of what and who she was seeing.

Katie looked around the barn blinking, adjusting to the deep shaded interior light that was so very bright to her.  She stared at me and then down at her dad.  Looking up, she saw my dad, Sam's dad and Sam.  She looked back down into the smiling face of her old man.  A salacious moan bubbled from her lips, her eyes rolled up in into the back of her head and she began to tremble, liquid love flowing from her pussy to drench her father's crotch as she shuddered in climax.

She lay motionless on her father, his cock firmly embedded in the ass of his daughter.  For a long time they stayed coupled.  Every so often Gib would gently move his hips, sliding his cock inside her just enough to stay hard.   Katie finally raised her head from his chest, smiled lovingly at him, and sighed.  Her hips began to move again, fucking his cock into her ass.  She rose up on her hands, smiling broadly while they screwed.  Breathlessly she uttered, "Love you, Daddy; love you.  You're the best daddy in the whole world!"

Gib stopped her motion.  "Turn around, Baby.  Face the other way." 

Katie turned, rotating on her father's cock to face away from him.  She started to fuck him again, but his big hands grasped her by the shoulders and pulled her backward. 

Gib's hands went to her breasts as her softly spoke into her ear, "Spread your legs, Baby.  Spread your legs like a slut.  Yeah, that's it, Baby.  They're all going to fuck you now, each and every one of them.  Who first?  Huh?  Sam?  Mr. Bill?  Mr. Joe?  I know, your boyfriend."

Gib turned to me and ordered, "Travis, she's your girlfriend, you fuck her first."

"Sure thing, Mr. Gib!" I replied enthusiastically, eager to try something new, eager to try something so totally wicked as to fuck a girl with her father's dick stuck up her shitter, eager to fuck her no matter what the circumstances were.  I climbed on board, taking some time to figure out how to position my legs between her legs and around her dad's tree-trunk like legs.  Gib was still playing with her tits as I lay forward supporting my weight with my arms.  She reached up and drew my lips to hers, our tongues dancing and darting together.  Breaking off the kiss momentarily, she whispered, "Fuck me, Travis. Fuck me, darling." 

By this time her cunt was so engorged that it seemed to be turned inside out, and I suppose it actually was.  My cock found the hot wet flesh of her inverted pussy and I pushed at the welcoming hole of her over-heated cock socket.  "Damn!" I muttered as I forced my way in.  I was expecting her to be fairly loose, but she was incredibly tight, what with her daddy's big dick stuffed up her ass.

I started fucking into her, forcing my dick deep into her unbelievably restricted pussy with each inward stroke and stretching my dick each time I pulled back.  I did that a dozen times or so until Gib hissed at me, "Be still, boy."  I stopped deeply rooted in her.  I gasped as I felt his cock began to move within her.  There was a rippling effect on the underside of my cock as Gib's substantial meat traveled through her rectum.  The feeling was absolutely incredible.

Gib stopped buried in her ass.  He hissed at me, "Fuck her, boy, fuck her."  I obeyed my instructions to the best of my ability.  Soon we had a rhythm going and we alternated thrusting.  To my surprise, I felt a finger slide up my ass.  Dad came in palm down and I felt him pressing into my prostate.  I was about to learn something new as he forced me to cum sooner than I would have otherwise.

Spent, I withdrew, yielding my girlfriend's pussy to my father.  He and Gib had no trouble at all getting into a rhythm. I figured that what was good for goose... and ran a greased finger up my dad's ass, finger fucking him like he was girl or something.  Dad let out a yelp and Joe Holis intervened for him.

"You a queer boy or something?" Joe asked incredulously. 

I froze, my finger up my dad's ass, the words tearing into my soul, after all, what in the hell WAS I doing?

"Turn your hand around, palm down.  Now feel that bump?"

I felt around and found it.  I shook my head. 

"That's his prostate.  Rub it.  Don't fuck him for Christ's sake!"

Dad was back to humping and I struggled to keep the pad of my index finger on the right spot.  I guess I did it right as I felt the bump contract, and Dad groaned in pleasure.  I stood back waiting for Dad to tan my hide, or worse, but he simply handed me a Handy-Wipe and said, "You learn pretty quick."

Dad and I were cleaning up as Sam took up position.  He looked around nervously, expecting a proctology exam.  Pushing in, he exclaimed, "Damn!  I can hardly get it in!"  He struggled a bit until Gib told him to just stay still.

Sam gasped "Oh, fuck!" as he felt through her vaginal wall Gib's large cock sliding along the underside of his dick.  He didn't need a helping hand to get off.

Joe was next, but he couldn't get it up.   Dad came to the rescue.  He whispered something to Katie and then lay next to Gib.  Struggling, she tried to get up.  I valiantly offered my assistance and helped her up.  She pulled off her daddy's dick and sat down on my dad's dick.  I was amazed at Dad's ability to get it up.  Then I realized that standing around, he had remained hard, even after cumming.  That's when I noticed the cock ring around the base of Dad's dick and balls.

Gib was cleaning his dick off while Dad fucked her ass.  I looked.  He too had a strap of some sort tied securely around the base of his cock.  "Damn!" I muttered, discovering a secret of marathon fucking.

Katie was again on her back, spread out, my dad underneath her, his dick up her ass.  Her father stood before her, stroking his cock, coating it with fuck grease.  "I'm gonna fuck you now, Katie," he said calmly.  "Do you want me to fuck your pussy?"

"Yes, Daddy," she whispered.

"What do you want your daddy to do?"

"Fuck me, Daddy, fuck me!"

"You fuckin' lil' slut!  Guess you’re going to go to hell with the rest of us, " he hissed as his lips curled up into a grin.  "Okay baby, your daddy's gonna fuck you."

Her old man certainly had staying power.  They were fucking for at least fifteen minutes before Joe told me to help her dad out.  Naturally I was somewhat hesitant to stick a finger up someone as big as Gib Tate, but with Joe's prodding, I did just that.  It took some effort just to dig between the massive butt cheeks to get even close, then the jungle of hair made it all the more difficult, such that by the time I did find the back door, most of the lube I had on my finger was gone, making it all the more difficult to stick it up him.  I managed, expecting Gib to come up swinging, but he just grunted until I dug around enough to find his joy button.  He didn't last too much longer after that, bellowing like a wounded bull as he shook from the effects of a massive orgasm.  As soon as I could, I backed away, prepared to run like hell, lest his temperament became detrimental to my continued good heath.

Gib slowly dismounted.  Standing he approached me.  I wanted to run, but he just grinned blissfully, tousling my hair.  "Come give me a hand, boy," he said turning and trudging outdoors. 

I followed and we retrieved an ice chest of beer from the back of Dad's Suburban.  Joe Holis was fucking my slut girlfriend when we returned.  Gib reached into the ice and water, retrieving three beers.  He handed one to me and one to Sam, saving the third for himself.  Raising his eyebrows, he put on an exaggerated mischievous expression and grabbed Joe between the legs with his cold, wet hand.

Joe jumped what seemed to be a foot in the air.  "Oh, fuck!  You son-of-bitch!"

Gib roared in laughter, then slapped Joe on the butt.

"Stop it, damn you!" protested Joe.

"Hurry up, Joe," said Gib.  "I think she's had enough for now."

"Let me get my rocks off will ya?" hissed Joe. 

"Sure thing, Joe.

"Sam, hand me the KY."

"Not with that banana finger!  Let Travis do it."

"Boy, you heard the man. Help him out."

By now I was becoming something of an expert at this and I had no problem finding my target.  A minute later, Joe was done.  Dad and Joe left Katie lying on the hay bed, her arms and legs arranged haphazardly, as if she were a rag doll unceremoniously dumped into a toy box.  Gib handed Dad and Joe each a cold brew.

"Sorry to rush you Joe, but she was passed out," apologized Gib.

"Yeah, I could tell."

"Why didn't you get off of her?"

"Why didn't you?  She was out when you were screwing her, Gib."

"Yeah, I guess...  Fuck it.  It's break time anyway.  When she comes to, maybe we'll have some more fun with her."

We sat around drinking beer, waiting for some sign of life from Katie.  We all studied, and prodded her, discussing the size of her tits, the color of her nipples, the firmness of her ass, as well as the quality of her snatch and her enthusiastic participation in her debasement.

It was fun sitting around drinking beer with Dad and his buddies, listening to their crude jokes and what not.  It was the first time Sam or I had drank a beer with our dads.  Naturally the conversation revolved around sex.  I learned that the finger trick worked because it is the prostate that controls a man's orgasm. I also learned that the cock rings that Dad and Gib used, trapped the blood in their cock, maintaining a hard erection even after ejaculating. Dad told me I could find one in his bed stand and to try it out sometimes.

We had a second beer, discussing the relative merits of Becky's pussy and Leanne's pussy, even though Sam didn't have any intimate knowledge of either.  His remarks were mostly confined to the size of Leanne's tits.  Katie never stirred.  She was out cold, as well she should have been, sleeping a deep sleep brought on by an overload of endorphins.

Gib finally declared that Katie was through for day and that the party was over.  "C'mon, Bill, let's take her home.

"Travis, put the ice chest in the back of your dad's truck."

Dad was pulling on his pants and boots while I took the ice chest out.  Gib lovingly picked up his fucked-out daughter and carried her to Dad's truck, leaving his clothes in a pile and leaving her clothes in Sam's car.  I went back to get my own clothes and heard them drive off with her.

Once Sam and his dad were both dressed, Joe told Sam to go wait in the car for him.  As soon as we heard the car door slam shut, Joe pulled me to the far side of the barn. 

"Travis, you did a fine job preparing Katie for today.  A fine job indeed."

"Thanks, but I didn't really do anything."

"Sure you did.  You got her to want sex, crave sex, love sex.  That's a tricky thing and you did it very well."

"Sure, okay... if you say so."

"I do say so...  I want to ask you to do me a favor."

"Sure."

"You know Penny."  Penny was Sam's little sister. 

"Yeah."

"She's ripening up quite nicely.  What I'm proposing is for you to date her.  You know, show her attention, tell her how pretty she is, how sexy you find her."

"Are you saying...?"

"I'm saying she needs some guidance, some... training.  I thought of Sam, but he's not... well, I, I just think that the first time should be with someone other than close family.  It'd be easier.  No chance of scaring her."

Penny was an attractive girl, at thirteen maybe a bit young, but she was attractive and I had noticed how she had suddenly began filling out, losing her girlish figure.  "Sure.  When do you want me to start?"

"Anytime.  That's up to you."

He winked at me and shook my hand.  In stunned disbelief I watched him leave the barn.  He wanted me to train his little girl like I trained Katie?  Sure!  Why not!  I wanted to go thank him for his confidence in me, when I heard Sam's car start and then back out.  Oh well, I could thank him another day I suppose.

I put away the Spiderman blanket and neatly placed Gib's clothes and my dad's shirt in a pile on the bales of hay.  I gathered up the trash into one pile, so that I could pick it up later.  I wasn't sure what to do the remains of the tube of KY; leave here for future use or take it home?  I figured Katie and I probably wouldn't be using the barn to screw anymore, so I put it in my pocket, knowing that it might come in handy at home with Leanne.  
