The tension in the air was palpable as I escorted them backstage. Chris Hemsworth quickly peeled off from the group, making an excuse about needing to go to the restroom.
Jessica Chastain had just presented the Best Actress award with him, and he stayed silent as she had twice butchered the name of the winner. To be fair, Saoirse Ronan isn't the most intuitive name to try and pronounce, but doing your homework for these kinds of things is important. You only have a minute on stage, and any mistake is bound to be magnified and scrutinized to oblivion.
Saoirse was obviously upset, I'm sure that she's used to it by now, but it's definitely got to suck to be an award winning actress and have your name get used as a punchline.
Jessica was trying to make polite conversation with her as I walked them backstage, but Saoirse was obviously having none of it. She complemented her on Lady Bird, tried to talk about her dress, and even flat out apologized for her gaff, but it was 100% cold shoulder from Saoirse.
As we neared the backstage bar area Saoirse pulled ahead of us and loudly started to talk shit to someone in the bar about what just happened. I couldn't make out who she was talking to, but she quickly had a large group of people laughing, obviously at Jessica's expense.
We slowed to a crawl, not wanting to follow Saoirse into the bar and create a more awkward scene. I turned to Jessica and saw that her face was beet red, even more more red than her hair. She looked incredibly beautiful despite how obviously embarrassed she was, but I felt so bad for her. She met my gaze and lightly shook her head no, confirming my suspicion that she didn't want to face her peers. It was pretty much my only job to escort the stars from the stage to the bar, but I figured my boss would understand considering the circumstances.
Our only options were to head back toward the stage, or off to the side down a narrow service tunnel. Grabbing her lightly by the arm, I led her down the tunnel.
"This way, Ms. Chastain," I said gently as I guided her down the dark, narrow path. After a few turns we made it to a dimly lit storage room, mostly containing unused furniture from previous backstage events.
I let go of her arm as I went to open the door on the far side of the room, but I only heard the defiant click of a locked door as it refused to budge. I pressed my weight into it a few times, but it wasn't cooperating. I felt like an idiot, leading her down here to a dead end. I couldn't even knock, they warned us against the noise it would cause in the telecast.
I shrugged awkwardly at her as I started to head back toward the tunnel to the bar, but she stopped me in my tracks.
"Please," she said, gripping me tightly by the wrist, "let's just stay back here for a moment." Her voice was shaky, she was still obviously upset. Facing her directly, I had a better excuse to check her out inconspicuously. She looked incredible in her black dress and bright red lipstick, matching her hair and flushed face.
"I'm sorry Ms. Chastain, I'm already disobeying orders by trying to bring you around the side, I'm supposed to deliver you to the bar and be ready in a minute to escort the next presenters," I said, bumming myself out as the words fell out of my mouth.
"You can take a minute, don't worry," she insisted, cocking her head and half smiling at me. The way she was talking made it sound like she was used to getting what she wanted, but I could tell she was also still upset.
"I don't know, Ms. Chastain, my boss was explicit and I really need this job," I tried in vain, but her will was too great.
"I said don't worry about it, I'll have a word with him," she said firmly, "Plus, don't you want to spend a few minutes with a pretty girl like me?"
Her confidence was a giant turn on, although I knew she was only flirting to get what she wanted. I rationalized that she could almost definitely bail me out if my boss figured out I was gone, and she was right, I was very eager to spend a moment with her not constrained to official duties.
I said nothing, but she smiled more widely at me. She must have sensed my crumbled resolve. Despite her outward confidence, I still saw obvious tears welled up in her eyes. My heart melted as I saw a shiver shake her small frame. She was obviously a great actress, but even she couldn't hide how upset she was.
"Come here, pretty girl," I said boldly, opening my arms to her. We each took a step forward as I wrapped around her.
She let out a loud sigh as she melted into my arms, her head resting on my chest.
"Was I that obvious?" She probed, laughing as she squeezed me. I was surprised by how open she was being with me, but I was in no rush to do anything to ruin the moment or make her feel bad.
"Don't trip about it," I consoled, "she's being really... rude." I finished with a delay.
"I thought you were going to call her a bitch," she spoke into my chest.
"Hah," I laughed, "I would get fired for talking like that, I'm supposed to be nice no matter how unruly any of you get."
"Am I being too unruly for you?" She questioned, lifting her head to meet my gaze.
Her confidence was intoxicating to me, and I could tell she could read it on my face. I held her tightly against me, probably a little more than was appropriate.
"Absolutely not, Ms. Chastain, I can't imagine any man would complain about being in my position right now," I said honestly.
"Are you sure you wouldn't rather be hanging out with the best actress winner?" She pushed me away, but held me at arms length.
"Absolutely not, you're the most beautiful woman in the building tonight," I took her by the hand and spun her around for effect, "you look incredible in that dress."
She really did look amazing, I wasn't just being nice to cheer her up. Feeling bold, I pulled her back up against me and smiled down at her.
"I look even better out of it," she purred, taking me by complete surprise. My cock jumped, and I was almost sure she felt it. I thought I kept my cool, but she must have read my face again.
"Haha, I knew that would get you," she teased me, leaving it ambiguous.
I said nothing, letting her flirtation hang in the air.
"In reality though, I am very uncomfortable in this," she said, running her hands down the sides of her dress for effect, "I was expecting to be on my way back to the hotel by now, I have a robe that's calling my name."
"I don't have a robe here for you, but don't let me stop you," I said as she squinted at me, seemingly daring me to continue.
"Besides," I followed up, "it's my job to keep you happy, and if we are stuck back here for the moment, why shouldn't you get comfortable?" She paused for a brief moment, it looked like she was deep in thought and I watched her look me up and down.
"I'm starting to think," she unclasped the strap holding the top of her dress up as she stepped toward me, "you brought me back here for a reason."
God, she was so sexy. I was frozen in place, awed by her flirting, almost not believing that it was happening to me.
"And THAT," she growled out while gripping my crotch, my hard cock straining into her hand through my pants, "confirms it."
Her top fell down, but she was still mostly covered by a silver zipped portion of her drsss. I normally have pretty good game, but I was definitely a little dumbfounded in that moment.
"I'm getting comfortable," she said as she turned away from me and sauntered over to a red velvet couch in the corner. She yanked the dust cover off before unzipping her dress, catching it just before gravity pulled it off of her.
"Care to join me?" She turned her head and got her answer before finishing her sentence, I was already a few steps behind her, undoing my belt as I walked.
I grabbed her and kissed her when I reached her, pushing her against the wall as our bodies met.
Her lips were soft, and she was an excellent kisser. I don't normally go super deep initially, but she led the way with her tongue in my mouth. Despite the tension between us and the urgency of the moment, she kissed me soft and slow, dragging it out. I was eager to make this last if I could, so I definitely wasn't complaining.
My cock pressed into her small frame, and her dress hung halfway off her body, having been only partially removed before I jumped on her. I was determined to see her body, so without breaking the kiss I slid my hands down and attempted to figure out how to finish the job.
After a second her hands joined mine, undoing another hidden zipper, and her dress fell to the floor around her.
Her body was incredible, I was feeling it with my hands before I got a chance to see it. Despite how turned on I was, I was conscious about not being too gropey, I didn't want to do anything that might turn her off. After a minute I reluctantly broke the kiss so I could get a good look at her.
I repeated the spin move from earlier, more slowly this time, while dragging the fingers of my other hand across her body as she spun.
"Ms. Chastain..." I said simply, taking her in with my eyes before diving back in with my hands. She was topless under her dress, and she stood before me in only a black thong.
While her face was red when we first entered the room, she definitely wasn't embarrassed anymore. There was a fire in her eyes, and she wordlessly pushed me back toward the sofa.
I tripped and fell backward, but luckily I was close enough to land on my ass right on the cushion. I settled myself and she was instantly on me, resuming our kiss as she straddled me. I could feel the heat from her pussy as she ground against my cock, her tongue again deep in my mouth.
I was more greedy with my hands now, groping her tight ass and guiding her hips against me.
"Fuck, you are so hot," I breathed out as she took a moment to catch her breath.
"Really? I wasn't sure how you felt," she said with a laugh, grinding harder against me for emphasis.
I groaned out loud as she tortured me, my cock still trapped behind a few layers of fabric.
"What do you like best about me?" She purred into my ear, leaning in as my hands moved up to tweak her nipples.
"Your lips-" I started to say, I was going to rattle off a long list, but she silenced me by biting gently on my neck.
"My lips, huh?" She questioned before I could resume praising how hot she was, "I've got a present for you then..."
She grabbed a pillow from the couch and slithered down my body, kissing me again quickly and running her tongue over her lips after for emphasis. She spread my legs apart and knelt on the pillow between my knees, her tiny hands reaching forward to undo my pants.
My belt was already undone, and I started to unbutton my shirt before she stopped me.
"Leave it," she ordered, "I love fucking a man in a suit." There wasn't a chance in hell of me arguing with her about it after that.
Leaving my pants on, she opened the button on my boxers and fished out my cock, reaching in afterward to pull my balls out as well. Keeping eye contact with me, she dipped her head down and lightly kissed the tip of my dick.
I thought she was hot before, but I was full on in love as she continued a slow assault, kissing gently up and down my rock hard dick, occasionally dragging her lips along it. Her eyes were closed now, her face locked in concentration as she methodically covered my crotch with kisses.
I was in heaven, but she had yet to use her tongue on me and the anticipation was torturous. I found myself starting to hump up toward her mouth as she neared the tip again.
"Haha," she laughed at me, gently squeezing my balls as she spoke, "settle down, I want to take my time with you."
Resigned, I melted into the couch as she teased me for a few more moments. I let out an involuntary groan as she dragged her lower lip below the head of my cock, and she rewarded me by wrapping her lips fully around the head.
It took massive self control to not grab her by the hair and start fucking her mouth, but her slow technique felt incredible. I felt her tongue hit me for the first time, lightly probing me as she sucked gently on the head. She was making soft suckling sounds as she nursed on my cock, I can't overstate how hot it was. I was harder than a diamond, and I already knew I was going to cum a gallon when she got me there.
I heard audience applause and walking down the main corridor, and I was suddenly aware that I had no idea how much time we had spent back there. It was only a momentary concern, she put me right back under her spell when she started to moan around my dick. The humming of her throat felt great, it was a new sensation that I wasn't used to. I looked down and saw her free hand had slipped down into her panties, and she was rubbing a slow circle around her clit as she continued sucking me off.
I knew I wasn't going to last forever, but her slow torture was keeping me at bay for the moment. I still wanted to put my hands on her head and at least guide her deeper, but I instinctively knew it would be a bad idea.
After another minute, my 6th sense went off without warning and my eyes jumped up to the doorway leading into the room. I hadn't heard any noises in the tunnel, and I was startled to see a figure leaning against the doorframe in the dark. If I jumped Jessica didn't notice, she kept right on sucking, on her knees in front of me with her back to the door.
The figure had seen me look up, and it quietly stepped into the light. I saw the cell phone in her manicured hand first, I wasn't sure if she was taking pictures or a video, but she was definitely capturing the moment. I was so relieved that it was a female hand holding the phone, that I almost didn't react when the figure fully stepped into the light.
To my surprise, standing there in a lacy black dress was Angelina Jolie. I felt like I was in a dream, getting blown backstage at an awards show by Jessica Chastain while Angelina Jolie taped us. I had heard she was a perv, so the idea of her watching us didn't seem super far fetched to me, but it was still surreal.
She had a devilish grin on her face as we made eye contact, and she held a finger up to her lips to prevent me from speaking. She didn't need to worry, there was no way I was going to do anything to jeopardize the moment.
Her free hand came down to her chest, and a finger lightly trailed in a circle around her nipple, through the fabric of her dress. I think Angelina could see she was having an effect on me, I started to squirm in my seat and Jessica pushed me back down so she could maintain her pace, oblivious to the third party in the room.
"Settle down, I'm not done with you yet," Jessica mumbled, her mouth not fully leaving my cock. At the same time, Angelina obviously and silently mouthed the words DONT CUM to me. I didn't know how I was going to keep it up, when Angelina surprised me by quietly moving forward, kneeling just behind Jessica.
Jessica's eyes were again closed in concentration as she pleasured me with her mouth and herself with her hand, but they shot right open as she felt Angelina's body press against her from behind.
I expected her to stop sucking me, but I saw Angelina had quickly snaked a hand up into Jessica's hair, holding her head firmly down as she leaned in to whisper in her ear.
"Shh, shh baby girl, it's Angie," she cooed to Jessica, her hand rocking her head back and forth, pushing me deeper in her mouth than I had been before. Jessica opened her mouth slightly, and some spit dripped from her lips as she relaxed slightly.
"I-," I started to say something, who knows what, before Angelina shot me the most intense death glare I had ever received. I got with the program immediately, letting her fully take the lead.
Without breaking eye contact, she handed me her phone, and I quickly figured out that she wanted me to keep taping. Her eyes softened as she turned back to Jessica, seeing that I was compliant.
"You look so pretty sucking on that cock, baby girl," Angelina whispered into her ear as she continued pushing her head up and down, "but it's not very nice to torture him like that." Angelina had reached up with her free hand as she spoke, and wiped some of the spit from Jessica's lower lip. She then made a show of slowly licking it off her fingers, moaning into Jessica's ear as she did. It took considerable effort for me to keep the floodgates closed.
Jessica seemed calm enough, but she had stopped rubbing her clit, and her eyes were darting around from me to Angelina to the phone.
Completely in control of the situation, Angelina reached down and replaced Jessica's hand with her own. Jessica moaned around my cock at the sensation, opening her mouth wider on contact, allowing Angelina to gently push her down further. I wasn't yet in Jessica's throat, but it was taking all of my concentration to not just cum right there.
"I'm going to make you cum, but not before you take this whole cock in your mouth," continued Angelina. My dick swelled in Jessica's mouth, I got harder than I even knew was possible. Angelina started rubbing Jessica's clit a little faster, and I felt the downward pressure of her hand on Jessica's head as the head of my cock made contact with her throat.
Angelina bounced Jessica's head up and down gently, but with enough force to let us know she was in charge. Jessica started choking, and more spit escaped her mouth and dripped down onto her tits profanely.
Not missing a beat, Angelina took advantage and pushed her down harder, forcing me almost balls deep into Jessica's mouth between coughs.
"I can feel you trembling against me, you love being a whore, don't you?" Angelina whispered to her, as her hand started to work her clit even faster.
"Sucking off a stranger in public is so fucking filthy, I'm upset you didn't invite me," she continued. I didn't know if these two had a sexual past together, or if she was just dirty talking, but she was definitely keeping me interested.
Jessica's moaning got louder, and her coughs were less frequent as she got used to the head of my dick hitting her throat. I felt myself getting closer and closer and I knew soon I might lose control.
I felt more than heard Jessica's moans ramp up as Angelina assaulted her clit, and I noticed her cheeks start to flush. She was trying to keep her mouth closed, but spit kept spilling out as she coughed. My boxers were getting soaked, but I literally could not have cared less in that moment.
"I'm still taping this, and I'm going to keep it," explained Angelina, "Later on I'm going to watch it on the big screen and get myself off while watching you suck this cock. I'm going to make you cum now so I can watch it later, but first I need you to be a good little whore and take the whole thing in your throat."
I watched as Angelina's grip tightened in Jessica's hair, forcing her up and down faster and harder, while she simultaneously sped up even more on her clit. Jessica coughed, and coughed, and coughed again. Angelina caught the rhythm and forced her all the way down just in time, and I felt my cock head slip past her throat muscles as I finally bottomed out.
"Good, fucking, girl," Angelina spat at her percussively as she forced her head down over and over, "Now be a good whore and cum for me, cum with his dick deep in your slutty throat, cum on camera for me so I can watch you later and show you off to whoever I want."
This last idea seemingly set Jessica off, and I heard a muffled squeal as Angelina forced her to cum. Her spit soaked my balls as it dripped out of her mouth. Angelina was forcing her up and down in short bursts, only backing her off about an inch before slamming her back down again. I felt a little bad for her, but the sensation of being forced in and out of her throat was otherworldly. I was in fucking heaven.  
Somehow I managed to keep filming, but my hand started to shake as I reached the point of no return. Sensing my agony, Angelina momentarily turned her focus to me and gave me the most slight nod, silently letting me know that she was permitting me to cum.
"Your whore throat is going to make him cum now, and you're going to swallow the whole thing like the slut you are," Angelina was almost moaning the words out, she was definitely enjoying herself.
I lasted another second and cried out as I shot my first rope of cum into Jessica's mouth. I forced myself to keep my eyes open as I came, burning the image into my mind in case I wasn't given a copy of the video. Jessica was shaking as she rode out her orgasm on Angelina's hand, her cheeks again flush as Angelina mashed her head down into my crotch. She was no longer bouncing Jessica's head, now she just pressed firmly down and allowed me to deposit my cum directly into her throat. I felt like I was cumming for ever, it was by far my most intense orgasm in memory. Jessica's throat milked my cock better than I thought possible as she choked and swallowed it down.
There was a wide grin across Angelina's face, and Jessica started to settle down as her orgasm faded. I was still cumming for the next few seconds, and my hands would have been in Jessica's hair, forcing her down if the space wasn't already taken.
Then, without warning, there was a loud wet gasp as Angelina quickly pulled Jessica all the way back off my cock. Jessica panted for a moment before Angelina dove in, taking her face gently in her hands now as she started to clean her up. Angelina was lovingly licking up the spit and cum that had leaked out of Jessica's mouth, it was a sight to behold. My balls were fully empty, but I didn't get any softer as I watched them devolve into making out on their knees in front of me. I kept taping, and I was praying that I would end up with a copy.
"Take off your panties," demanded Angelina abruptly, and Jessica immediately complied, shifting as she took them off and handed them to her.
Angelina brought them up to her face and inhaled deeply, smelling Jessica's fresh cum. She stuffed the used panties under her dress, into her bra, and then reached up and firmly grasped Jessica by the chin.
"You are coming home with me tonight," she ordered after a long pause of held eye contact with Jessica. Jessica said nothing in response, but she nodded immediately. Angelina was in complete control, Jessica was wrapped around her little finger, and to be honest I was jealous.
Angelina's head snapped toward me, her face contorted in another glare. She is a beautiful, powerful creature, and I was completely intoxicated by her. I took it as a sign to stop filming, and her face softened again as she saw me obey her silent order.
"Good boy, you did well," she spoke slowly to me, "consider yourself lucky that I allowed you to cum." I definitely felt like the luckiest guy on earth in that moment. Who would ever believe what had just happened? I was having a hard time with it myself, and I lived it. I felt dirty in the best way possible, sitting there covered in Jessica's spit as Angelina ordered us both around.
"Ms. Jolie?" I tentatively started to question, "May I please have a copy of that video?"
Jessica squirmed a little at being reminded of the tape, but Angelina held her in place, her fingers gripping Jessica by the chin.
"Absolutely not," she replied simply, and my heart sank before she continued, "but you may try to earn it."