Mary's Game in the Store
by Jappio 

Part 1

Mary lay naked on the bed.  She stared at the ceiling, one hand on her stomach, the other at her side.  She was worried of the night to come.  She hadn't been told what would be in store, only that it would be `fun.' 

This was not Mary's bed though, it was Julie's.  She was spending the night there for the sake of this adventure that Jenny and Julie had planned. They too were naked, like it was natural.  Mary was glad that Julie's parents weren't home, she wouldn't have wanted to be caught naked with the two of them, could raise a lot of questions. 

"So it's about time we got going.  Ready Mary?" Jenny asked as she went to a dresser and started to look through it.  Julie followed along and both quickly dressed in T-Shirts, and just T-Shirts.  Mary got up and looked at them, hoping to get one.  "Sorry, you'll get some clothes later.  You know how safe it is in the car though, clothes shouldn't be needed." Jenny explained. 

"Yeah, and crossing the yard to the car won't be hard, you know that from earlier," Julie said, referring to the nude walks they made Mary do earlier in the yard.  Mary shivered at the thought of it; it was pretty scary, especially since it wasn't as late then. 

"You guys aren't even giving me a chance to try and argue," Mary whined as she followed them out of the room.  "Can you at least tell me what we're up to now?" Mary asked as they got to the front door, Jenny and Julie putting shoes on. 

"On the way there we'll explain a few things.  It would be better to wait till you're in the car so you don't get a chance to run away," Julie said with a giggle. 

"Don't tease her like that; you might actually scare her off," Jenny teased.  Thing was though, Mary did consider running off now, but being naked left very few options of where to go. 

They stepped out into the cold night air.  Mary felt incredibly naked now.  `Even Jenny and Julie who barely were clothed seemed incredibly dressed in comparison,' Mary thought.  Her nipples were already hard.  She looked around to make sure the coast was clear as she walked over to the car with the two. 

Earlier she had gone outside naked a few times.  She was told just to do a few things, like do a lap around the house, walk into the middle of the street, and small stuff like that.  Every moment then was incredibly worrisome, and it still was now. 

Getting in the car they started driving off.  Mary sat in the back quiet, waiting to hear the plan, afraid of how she would be pushed tonight. "I suppose we should start explaining," Jenny said as she turned around in her seat to look at Mary.  "Tonight you're going to play a game, a game that will determine how fast you get dressed. 

Jenny and I both have a friend who is in on our adventures.  She can be a real help, and tonight you're going to meet her.  Thanks to her tonight's game will be possible.  Don't worry, if you can trust us, you can trust her. 

Now as for the game, basically it will involve you going around, finding your clothes, using clues to find them.  The clothes are safely hidden. When you find some clothes, you'll find another clue leading to the next set of clothes.  Those are the basics of the game." 

Mary sat there as she took it all in.  A game to decide how much she'd dress, some new person to witness her naked games, and she still didn't know what was exactly going on.  "Wait, so you're just going to bring me naked in front of this girl?" Mary said worried. 

"As I said, you can trust her.  I mean it's not like she hasn't seen it before," Jenny said as she snickered.  "If you want to bail out now, you can.  Yet I promise you'll have fun if you don't," Jenny reassured. 

Mary was unsure.  It was one thing if it was something like flashing. It would be one thing if it seemed like an accident.  Mary though was going to have to walk up to this person and say `hi.' It would be very personal, and very different.  Mary figured she was able to handle being naked around Jenny and Julie though, and she did feel she could trust them.  "I guess I can see.  You could have at least let me wear something first," Mary argued. 

"Aw, so you're saying you wanted to strip for the girl instead?  You're right, that would be a much more fun way to introduce you," Julie joked. 

"Wait, where are we going to be doing this game though?" Mary asked, now wondering where they were specifically going. 

"Furniture store," Jenny said bluntly. 

"What!?  How am I suppose to pull that off?" Mary said in shock.  She'd never imagined she'd be running around a store naked tonight. 

"It's not hard.  Susan runs the place, and the store doesn't open for a couple of hours," Jenny explained. 

"Is Susan this lady I'm meeting today?" Mary questioned. 

"Yes she is.  She's real nice, always willing to help a naked girl have a great time." Julie explained. 

"I don't know if I like the sound of that," Mary said, worried this would only lead to more and crazier adventures.  At the same time though, she was also hoping for it a bit too. 

They soon arrived in the parking lot of some business area.  There was only one other car in the lot.  The lot belonged to a furniture store; the one Mary would soon be running naked in.  Jenny and Julie got out, and had to as usual tell Mary to get out.  Mary was always hesitant with walking out of the car so exposed.  Once outside Mary became even more worried. Although being very dark, it was still wide open space.  With only the two cars for cover, she felt there was no where she could effectively hide. Not too far she could see and hear the nearby freeway. 

The other car didn't stay inactive for long.  A lady walked out of it and began approaching the group.  Mary stood behind Jenny and Julie in fear. She knew though when both Jenny and Julie called to the woman and referred to her as `Susan', she was safe. 

Mary raised an arm over her breast and one over her pussy.  Jenny, Julie and Susan approached and hugged, happy to see each other obviously. 

"So you're Mary huh?  I'm Susan." She said walking up to Mary. 

Mary was intimidated.  Not only was she naked in the middle of parking lot late at night, but Susan was very well dressed: navy blue cotton skirt reaching below the knees, navy blue suit, pantyhose, and basic pumps.  You could easily believe that she was a high up manager.  She spoke with such authority and calmness it shook Mary up.  She wasn't really sure how to act. 

"It's customary to shake the hand of someone you just meet Mary." Susan suggested holding her hand out.  Mary quickly followed command and did as she said, uncovering her breast.  "I can see you are already enjoying the night.  I hope these two girls haven't put you through too much yet." Mary blushed at the revelation of her aroused state to this woman she didn't know.  Her arousal was increasing just as much as the blush on her face though. 

Mary gasped as she recovered her hard nipples.  "No Ma'am, they've been fine.  It's my fault!" Mary said with panic. 

"Don't be so formal.  Call me Susan," She said smiling.  Susan took note of Mary's willingness to listen so well.  She then got a little closed and whispered, "And don't worry, Jenny and Julie use to be just as modest as you, if not more." 

"So Suze, everything ready to go?" Julie asked, obviously wanting to get Mary's game going. 

"Why yes I do.  Once Mary comes inside, she can begin," Susan said as she turned to Mary.  "You're lucky that you're friends know me, this ought to be a fun night for you." Mary nodded as the three walked towards the building.  They headed near the back once close and Susan started opening the door. 

"We told her the basics, but how about you tell her some of the extra bits," Jenny said to Susan as they walked into a back storage room.  Mary was almost not paying attention.  The absolute fear and excitement of being naked in such a strange place was very distracting, not to mention she was being paraded around in front of someone she still didn't know too well. The place was dead though and she followed inside, happy to be out of the open air.  Now though she'd be in a store, completely naked.  Her nerves ran high as her mouth became dry.  So much was about to happen, she knew it. 


Part 2 

Once in the backroom of the store, Mary stared at the various items of stock back there.  She perked up though when she heard Susan start explaining things.  Something about Susan made Mary want to listen.  Mary was a good girl at heart, and always made sure to listen to authority. 

"Well as you probably know, your clothes are hidden about here.  You have as much time as you want to take, but I warn you, once the employees start coming, you're in trouble.  I will make sure no security tape is taken or kept of you.  Try to not break or mess anything up; I'd like the place ready for business in the morning.  You leave when you think you have enough clothes.  I'll be wandering around the place to keep an eye on things.  In about an hour a cleaning lady will be here, so watch out.  I'll try my best to get you out of any jams if you happen to run into her." 

"Oh, we forgot to mention, whatever clothes you find are what you're wearing to the special adventure we have set up after this is done," Jenny added in. 

Mary looked around the back room.  She didn't even really consider not doing it anymore; she figured it was pretty safe.  It couldn't take more than an hour to do it.  "What if I get stuck though?" Mary queried. 

"You can either find me, or you can use the phone behind the front desk to call these two.  Speaking of you two, don't you two have somewhere to be?" Susan asked. 

"Yeah, we should be going now.  Don't worry Mary; we're just going to go have some fun of our own nearby, perhaps the gas station or something.  We won't be gone more than hour.  When you're done, we're parked outside. Love you!" Julie said as the two were walking out the door. 

Mary thought about how she was miles from home and her clothes.  She thought about how her ride was now leaving her there.  If she didn't hurry, she'd be stuck naked in front of employees and maybe even shoppers.  She quickly started to walk out into the store. 

"Not so fast, forgetting something?" Susan asked.  Mary stopped to think. She didn't know what she could be forgetting, not like she brought anything.  "The first clue," Susan said holding out a piece of paper. 

"Oh, sorry," Mary said taking the piece of paper.  "Thank you very much." 

"Don't mention it.  Also you don't need to apologize sweetie." Susan said as she wandered out into the store herself. 

Mary looked out the door to the store.  From there she could see it led straight into the electronics section.  Not too far from there were the front doors.  In the center were the stairs heading to the second floor. She looked down at the clue for the first time now. 

"These whites are not for the tooth fairy." was written on the piece of paper.  Mary stopped to think.  The answer seemed obvious; it had something to do with a pillow.  Perhaps these clues weren't too hard.  Mary started to walk out into the store looking around for the beds or pillows. 

Bright light started to appear everywhere suddenly.  Mary screeched and looked up and around to see the store was lit up as if it were open.  She, out of instinct, covered up.  She then heard in a loud voice, "Sorry if I scared you sweetie, figured you'd like a bit of light to help your search!" Mary realized it was Susan shouting.  Mary could look down and now see her entire naked form lit up.  She ran her hands down her chest to her stomach, then back up.  She pushed her breast up admiring them for a moment.  "It's always so hard to fully believe this is happening," she muttered to herself. 

Wandering past the TV's and stereos, Mary couldn't help but notice how exciting this was.  In a few hours there would be people walking through here constantly.  She was in a store, and completely naked.  With the lights on it was hard to even tell the store was closed.  Mary was half expecting someone to show up behind her and ask if there was anything she needed help finding.  She toyed with the idea in her mind.  She pretended she'd ask for her clothes.  How embarrassing it would be to be led around by a sales person to find her clothes, and in front of customers. 

She had made her way to the center of the store, in front of the stairs. She did not see beds anywhere in eye site.  She looked up the stairs and could tell there was cabinets and other things there, so she decided to make that her next location. 

Climbing the stairs pushed Mary's nerves farther.  Not only were the lights on, but the stairs were a lot of open space.  They were ten feet wide, and no cover to hide behind.  If anyone were around they would see her and all of her at that.  She wrapper her hands around her body, almost as if she had a chill. 

At the top Mary was able to see the beds towards the back.  She quickly ran back there happy to get her first clue done fast.  When she got there though, she discovered a new problem.  There were over 20 beds there, and no sign of clothing.  Thinking about the clue though, she knew she had to check under the pillows most likely. 

She went bed by bed, flipping the pillows over.  Each time not finding anything.  She couldn't go quick either.  She wanted to make sure she had checked well, and that she remade the beds.  She didn't want to be rude and leave the beds a mess for Susan.  She had checked over half the beds now and still found nothing. 

The beds left over now though were large king sized ones.  There were three rows of beds.  Two back to back, a gab, and then the last row was up against the wall.  Mary was now in the middle aisle.  She looked at the first one and how large it was.  She had to actually climb on top of with how it was so raised up.  Once on the bed she flipped over the pillows. There underneath them she found a pair of white socks.  She quickly slipped them on.  She wasn't surprised she got the least important item of clothing. She wasn't disappointed though, she had been enjoying the nudity. 

Mary was still sitting on the bed when she finished putting the socks on. She couldn't help but tell how nice the bed felt on her naked body. She lied down on her back and closed her eyes.  She rolled and tossed on the bed, feeling all she could of it.  Lying on her back she spread her legs and day dreamed for a moment.  She thought about what it would be like to fall asleep there; she was tired after all from staying up so late, and being found by customers the next day.  "I'll take the bed with the naked girl on it if you'd please!" would say one of the shoppers.  She sighed as she lay there with her eyes closed.  She sat straight up though.  She realized she was getting awfully close to actually falling asleep. 

She started to wander back into the rest of the store.  She couldn't believe the fantasies she kept having.  She really was starting to get hooked on these nude adventures.  Just then though she remembered that she needed the next clue.  She quickly scurried back in just her socks. 

Looking around on the bed she was able to find the missing clue, and after fixing the bed a second time, she read the note aloud, "The Fisherman may have caught only a boot, but it was a meal enough for him.  It's almost like they were forcing a joke or something." Mary crumpled the paper and slipped it into her sock.  She figured that there wasn't fishing gear in this store, so that would mean the next best bet would be to check the kitchen stuff with the mentioning of cooking.  She guessed it would be her shoes next. 

Going back down the stairs Mary made her way to the kitchen stuff.  With no real good place to start, Mary just started searching.  She looked in ovens and microwaves; she opened the drawers, and checked inside the kitchen sinks.  She found in a drawer a pair of oven mitts.  She slipped them on her hands and covered her breast with them.  She put on a face of surprised, pretending to be caught naked.  She then imagined herself there, cooking food naked.  She grabbed a frying pan and pretended to be flipping pancakes.  Perhaps she'd be wearing an apron to keep herself a bit protected though.  Looking behind herself she stuck out her bum picturing how everyone would see it sticking out as she cooked all the customers' breakfast. 

Breaking out another fantasy of hers, she tried to get back to the task at hand.  Putting the mitts away she continued to check around.  Finally she was able to find a shoe inside a pot atop a stove.  Just one shoe though, the clue was tucked under the laces.  "Two halves make a whole. Much like how these lamps match." Mary didn't even think this was a riddle like the others.  It was obvious this was for the next shoe.  Somewhere there must be two matching lamps. 

She remembered upstairs there were lamps, so that's where she headed. She left the one shoe behind, figuring having only one would be silly. She'd come back to get it when she had both found.  Heading up the stairs she was feeling less and less worried.  She felt she was getting things done plenty fast, even though she didn't know the time.  Getting to the lamp section she started looking for the two lamps that looked the same. 

Walking by the many bright lamps, Mary could not find what she was looking for.  The lamps were sometimes similar, no clothing or anything nearby, nowhere to be hidden either.  She continued to wander when the living room set up displays caught her eye.  Seeing lamps in there, she headed over. 

She checked under tables and such near lamps of a matching kind.  No results though.  She sat down for a small break on a couch.  She posed herself laying down, pretending to be some type of mannequin, of course though people would be seeing her naked there.  'Oh the site they would see.' She thought to herself. 

Getting up and off the couch, she continued her search.  Once wandering enough though she saw something.  Sitting atop a table was one of her shoes. She rushed over to it and found a clue inside.  She looked around though, there was no sign of another lamp like the one next to the shoe. She then caught site of something.  It was herself.  She saw a mirror there on the wall.  In the mirror she could see her whole nude body from head to her knees.  Also in the mirror was the reflection of the nearby lamp, the matching pair obviously.  She really only got lucky on this clue though, by noticing the shoe first. 

Still standing in front the mirror, Mary looked over herself.  There she was fully nude in the store.  She then remembered the socks though.  She then lifted a foot up and held it up with one hand balancing on the other foot.  She looked at her sock covered foot, the only covering she really had.  This pose left her exposed though, very exposed.  She almost dropped her foot right then and there out of modesty.  She hesitated though.  She looked at the image.  So much intimate detail could be seen in that pose. She slowly put her foot down, but kept them apart.  She kept seperating her legs farther and farther by small amounts.  She giggled at the site she was giving herself.  With her legs as open as they were, she could actually see the moisture running down her legs.  She cupped her hands over her pussy in false modesty, imaging people around her staring at the same site in the mirror.  She moaned at the feel of her hands putting pressure there. Suddenly though she heard the sound of footsteps on the stairs. 

Looking behind her she knew someone was coming.  She remembered the warning of the cleaning lady.  Suddenly this easy adventure could turn quickly into a nightmare.  Mary looked around and quickly ducked behind a couch.  Waiting silently she waited to see where the noise was headed.  It go quieter though.  Did they leave?  She peaked her head out from around the couch to look.  She saw the stairs, but no one there.  Her right hand found its way between her legs though, not forgetting the pleasure a moment ago. 

Mary was breathing deep.  She was now really close to being exposed, she knew it.  The risk and thrill though, it only heightened her arousal. Moment after moment it just increased as she though about the possibilities. She was almost going into a full blown pant at this point. `Where is she?' She though to herself. 

Then Mary felt a hand on her shoulder.  This single thing made Mary freeze.  Behind her now someone had caught her naked, fully naked in a store.  Sure she had socks, but they hid nothing.  This person now found her, it was too late to hide or anything.  Not only naked, but she had a finger pressed hard against her clitoris, and it kept putting more and more pressure down.  Mary was close to going over the edge now.  Fear and arousal had her paralyzed, unable to think or move. 

Her frozen state was broken though.  The hand pulled her around, simultaneously releasing her hand from between her legs, ending the pressure against her clit, barely stopping orgasm.  Mary was now able to start to focus.  She heard her name being said. 

"Mary, Mary.  Mary!  You Ok sweetie?" said the lady.  Mary looked and saw that it was only Susan.  Mary suddenly got a lot more bashful though. Her cheeks burst into a deeper shade of red, and her hand returned between her legs, this time to cover up. 

"Oh I wasn't doing what you think I was doing , I didn't mean to offend at all, I'm sorry!" Mary bursted out, embarrassed.  "I just got a little carried away!  I didn't leave any stains or anything!" She tried explaining. 

"I thought you just said you weren't doing that sweetie," Susan joked as she turned behind her.  "Here you left these downstairs, and these over there by the mirror." Susan than handed both shoes to Mary. 

"Thank you so much.  Why'd you do that?" Mary said, surprised at the help. 

"Seems the cleaning lady is hear now.  I was hoping to help you out a bit.  It's not like the shoes will help you anyways sweetie.  Now get back to finding yourself some clothes.  Be sure to stop and say goodbye to me before leaving though." She said as she got up and walked away. 

Mary stopped to think for a moment.  She was awfully close to being caught by a stranger.  Why did it turn her on so much?  What could have happened. 

Another thought crossed her mind though, Susan.  Something about Susan seemed familiar.  She didn't know what though.  It's almost as if she has seen her before.  Mary got up and sat on the couch.  She retrieved the clue from the shoe and put them on.  Her nudity seemed only enhanced by the shoes though, but she did admit it was nice. 


Part 3

Standing up she read the note.  "Much like change and TV remotes, this is where you'll find your next piece of clothing." Mary thought about it. A couch would be the likely place.  She figured she'd have to go down stairs to get to the couches they were most likely in.  She thought about how they could be in the ones upstairs, but she had a feeling they were in the ones downstairs in the electronics.  So far each piece clothing has been on a different floor than the last, Jenny and Julie meant for the search to take long. 

Being cautious now, Mary approached the stairs.  She looked over the edge to see if she could spot the cleaning lady.  Seeing into the kitchen, she did see her.  She was busy away cleaning in there.  Mary knew she'd have to hurry and get down there.  Right then could be the perfect chance to make it to the stairs. 

Running now she approached the stairs.  As she went down the first few, she freaked out and turned around.  The noise that was made as she ran on the stairs was loud.  Unlike the upstairs, the stairs weren't carpet, but a hard tile surface.  The noise her shoes made on them was much too loud if she ran.  This meant that if she ran, she'd be heard before getting all the way down.  If she walked though, it would take longer. 

Moving back near the railing where should could look down into the kitchen, she saw the cleaner was still busy.  She slowly made her decent down the stairs.  Every step made her heart pump miles a minute.  She wanted to run, but couldn't .  She was there, exposed, and couldn't hide at this point.  She wanted to turn back, before it was too late, but now forward was the only option, she was past half way.  On the final few steps she stopped.  At that moment she let it all sink in.  She had made it without being caught.  It felt like nothing could go wrong.  Could she tempt it any longer?  She started counting in her head.  She got up to 20, and wanted to go farther.  On 33 though she though she heard something, perhaps the cleaning lady wheeling her cart that way.  She had to keep moving. 

Walking around the stairs, away from the kitchen stuff, Mary made her way to the electronics.  Couches lay in front of TV's, and so her search began.  She flipped cushions and stuck her hand under between the floor and couches.  Her search did actually yield a bit of change and at one point an actual TV Remote.  She wondered if they were put there on purpose. 

Before finding any clothing though, she heard humming.  It must have been the cleaning lady she though.  She quickly ran for cover behind a chair as the cleaning lady wheeled her cart right by the area.  Luckily the chair was a large black leather recliner, it kept her hidden.  The lady disappeared into the backroom soon enough. 

Stepping out from behind the chair she decided to check in the chair too, it wouldn't be too odd to find it there.  Feeling around the chair, Mary brushed against something.  At that moment the chair started to hum. Mary stepped back, surprised at the sudden noise.  She then noticed though that it was a vibrating chair.  She looked to make sure the cleaning lady was gone for sure.  She couldn't pass the chance up. 

Sitting down the chair, Mary's eyes widened.  The feel was amazing.  She didn't know if it was because she was naked, or if it was because of her heightened senses because of the nudity.  Either way she told herself she needed to come back one day to do this again.  The vibrations felt great. The stress from the fear was slowly easing away.  She was almost lost in another fantasy though as she heard a door open.  She quickly got off the chair and tried running away.  'So much for being relaxed,' she thought. She didn't shut the chair off though.  She hid behind a nearby couch as the cleaner re-entered the room. 

This time as she passed though she stopped.  She noticed the chair.  She stepped over and examined the thing.  "I swear, she plays tricks like this on us just to annoy us.  What kind of manager does that?" the cleaner said as she found the off switch.  She then attended to fixing the couch next to it that Mary hadn't done herself yet.  Mary this whole time sat silently. She was so close to being discovered, and it wasn't easy to keep her breathing low.  Heart racing she preyed in her head for the lady to go away. 

After time passing though, the cleaner was on her way again.  Mary got up, and went back to searching through the couches and chairs.  In a particular couch she felt something.  It was nice and soft, different than the leather of the couch she was searching.  She tugged on it and out came her panties.  They were quite a cute pair too, sky blue.  She pulled them up over the shoes and looked at them.  She was finally partially covered. 

The panties though, something seemed too nice about them.  She then remembered.  The panties were the same panties she left on the strangers door that one night.  `How'd they get here?' she questioned herself.  Then it hit her.  Susan, Susan was the girl in the nightgown that caught her at the door.  When Jenny and Julie picked the house at `random' they really chose Susan's.  These panties were actually hers, and Susan had seen here naked before.  Mary almost felt betrayed, like they set her up to be caught and scare her half to death.  Stopping to think about it though, they didn't betray her trust.  Sure she got caught, but it wasn't by a stranger, but someone they knew wouldn't be angry, wouldn't call the police or anything. 

She found the clue, but before reading it saw something.  Out the front windows she could see the sun rising.  She had spent a good amount of time there.  Now other workers would be coming in.  Mary wanted to find more clothes, but it was getting too late. 

She headed towards the backdoor and stopped in the backroom.  She remembered what Susan asked, to say goodbye to her before she left.  Mary looked back out into the store.  She didn't know where she would be. Wandering out she started to search. 

It didn't take long until she saw Susan walk through the front part of the store.  She had some papers in hand as she headed to a side room.  Mary quickly ran over before the cleaner showed up.  She didn't shout to Susan though as she walked in the doorway.  Mary made her way to the door, and slowly let herself in. 

"Why what a pleasant surprise.  I can see you found some more clothing," Susan greeted as she was putting papers in a pile on the desk. 

"I just came to say goodbye, I'm going now, it's getting too late," Mary explained.  She was able to stop herself from covering her exposed breast, even though it felt weird standing there in her panties shoes and socks. 

"I suppose it is.  Well I have to say it's been fun," Susan said as she sat in her chair.  "Good luck getting to their car." 

"Thanks.  Oh also thanks for," Mary paused, "Thanks for returning the panties." She said and a quick gasp, embarrassed to acknowledge it. 

"And wash them," Susan reminded with a chuckle. 

"Ye-yes.  Thanks for washing them too ," Mary said with a blush. 

"It's the least I could do with the show you gave me tonight, and that night before," Susan said with a wink.  Mary blushed even more now, fidgeting on the spot. 

A knocking then came to the door.  "Susan, you asked me to come here today." Came a males voice.  Mary's eyes shot wide as she looked to Susan for help.  Susan merely pointed to behind her desk.  Mary quickly went around the desk and ducked behind it. 

"Come in Nathan." Susan said as the door open.  Mary was now almost exposed to another person this morning.  She sat quivering behind the desk. Susan discussed a few things with Nathan.  As Mary sat there, Susan rubbed her back to try and calm her, it did help. 

"Later at lunch we can continue this Nathan, I have some calls to make. Go upstairs and check to see if everything is set up Ok there.  Last night I hear it was a little roughed up." Susan said as she stood to walk him out. After he left, she closed the door and Mary came out of hiding. 

"Thanks so much Ma'am, that's a big help," Mary thanks Susan. 

"Enough with the formal stuff.  I must say though I am impressed.  Back when I first met Jenny and Julie, they wouldn't have had the nerves to sit there like that.  You must make them very proud with how much you do.  I'm impressed at least.  Now go while Nathan is upstairs still." 

Mary stopped to think.  She couldn't even imagine Jenny and Julie being scared or worried.  Susan's words still touched her though.  Before stepping outside, Mary grabbed hold of both sides of the panties.  She then pulled them down and off her legs, leaving her naked except the shoes and socks.  "Thanks again Ma'am." Mary said as she hung the panties and on the doorknob.  She opened the door, and stepped out. 

"It's Susan!" Susan called back out the door, but the door closed and Mary was gone.  She smiled as she picked the panties off the door.  She saw a bright future for that girl. 

Mary was now already at the door to the backroom.  She quickly opened it and hid there for a moment.  Now she only had to make it out through the parking lot.  She did miss the panties, but it made her proud of herself thinking of how she was pushing herself like this.  She wanted to make Jenny and Julie proud also.  She hoped they were still out there.  She heard noises inside the store though, by the door, she had to hurry.  She quickly went out the back door.  She immediately found herself in front of semi.  It was probably loaded with shipments.  She didn't think more people would be there yet.  She looked around and didn't see anyone in it or unloading it.  She wasn't going to wait for them though. 

She quickly ran out into the parking lot.  There were still no cars around; nowhere to hide, but now it was growing light.  Traffic was heavier on the freeway, and other nearby stores had a few cars in there lots.  Mary saw Jenny's car though, and quickly made her way to it.  Jenny and Julie were standing outside it, still in their T-Shirts. 

"Well looks like the clues weren't easy enough I guess." Jenny joked seeing Mary still practically naked. 

"I did more, it's just I left the panties with Susan," Mary meekly stated. 

"Well looks like you had fun probably," Julie said taking note of the hard nipples and the wetness between her thighs, "Looks like there is some dew between your legs." 

"Can we get going now, it's a tad bright and I'm a tad naked?" Mary asked, getting antsy standing in the open like that. 

"We will, but first, we want you to get on the hood of the car and masturbate to orgasm," Jenny said with a smile. 

"We know you want to," Julie added. 

"You're both kidding right?!  I mean it's morning time and I'm naked, and there are people coming.  I can't just-" she said but then stopped. Both looked serious as they pointed to the car's hood.  Mary put her hand in front of her wet lips.  The slightest touch sent shivers.  She started to think how she could do it fast.  She thought about how the people working here, the customers, and anyone could show up.  They would watch as she did it.  Before she knew it, she was climbing onto the hood of the car. Her hand was clamped between her thighs. 

She was snapped out of this though as the sound of a car horn went off. "Get in silly, we were joking.  Hurry before someone sees." Julie said out the open window.  Mary turned to see them in the car.  She blushed as she got off and into the car.  "Wow, we didn't think you'd actually do it.  I guess you must not have gotten any release while you were in the store." 

"Julies right though, I figured you wouldn't be able to hold out, specially with the way you're always running between the legs.  You better not have dented the car though," Jenny warned as they pulled out of the lot. 

"I'd be more worried about ruining the paint with various fluids," Julie said as she burst out laughing. 

"Shut up guys, I thought you were serious.  I didn't want to be left there naked," Mary said, embarrassed at the teasing. 

"You know we'd never make you do anything you didn't want to," Jenny reassured.  "We'd also never leave you somewhere naked like that.  We understand if any adventure is too much for you, we can always call any off at any time.  Although things are different if we've made a deal." 

"What do you mean?" Mary asked. 

"Don't you remember?  Once done finding clothes, we were to do another adventure.  Dressed as you are.  We were thinking you'd get at least all your underwear and even a shirt if you were lucky.  This will prove to be interesting." 

"Yeah, it will," Julie said, now just giggling. 

Mary just stared out the window.  She now was regretting leaving her panties back at the store.  What was in store for her?