Submissive Girl Breast Worship
byMandyM8008©

Submissive Girl Breast Worship Pt. 01

My name is Mandy and I have a secret. I love having sex and I love big, strong men who like to get rough. I also have a weakness. My nipples are extremely sensitive and any physical attention given to them makes me a horny slut. My boobs are 38C in size and round, each topped with light brown nipples. They get a lot of attention from men, which I enjoy. Knowing a stranger is looking at me and undressing me in his mind, thinking of doing dirty things to me, turns me on so much.

One weekend in my final semester of college, a couple of girl friends of mine decided we should go drinking and clubbing. We wanted to make memories and I was ready to have a chance to dress sexy and dance and grind against people. I wasn't intending to get fucked but I did want to tease a few men.

I wore a body-hugging dress with thin straps leaving the rest of my shoulders bare. The dress cut was low enough to see the line of my cleavage. I let my wavy hair fall loose on my shoulders. I finished the look off with 4-inch heels.

My friends and I got into the club easily that night. We ordered our drinks but soon realised we didn't need to, since we were sent a round of drinks from some men at a table across the club. Soon we were tipsy and happy and got on the dance floor.

After a while I decided to visit the restroom. On my way back I headed to the bar to order another drink. A man edged along the bar counter to me and introduced himself. His name was Mahesh. He was older, probably in his mid-thirties, average height and build for an Indian man. He looked confident and at ease at the club. He was charming and we quickly got chatting. He had an attractive quality about him despite being over 10 years older than me. Our talks soon got more flirty and I was being even naughtier than usual because of the alcohol in me. He offered to buy me another drink and asked what I'd like. I told him to surprise me, and he did, by ordering me a drink called a Screaming Orgasm.

"Wow, nothing like an orgasm to make you feel better!" I joked to him. He was looking steadily at me as I sipped the drink.

"I could give you a better one if you let me." He said quietly. It was my turn to stare at him. He continued looking straight into my eyes and then lowered his gaze down to my cleavage in my body-hugging dress.

"Your tits look very appetizing Mandy. I'd like to get a chance to know them better. You won't regret it." He said, and then sipped his drink.

As I tried to get over the surprise of his boldness, I felt a definite twinge of excitement between my legs. The alcohol was making these feelings magnified, and as we stared at each other, his eyes seemed to be telling me what dirty things he wanted to do to me.

"Since you haven't thrown your drink in my face, I'm going to assume you also like the thought of me doing all kinds of things to you. I have a confession to make. I love big, beautiful, round tits. I love to play with them and suck on them and tease them till you beg me to fuck you. And your tits have been distracting me all night. If you give me a chance, I'll give you the best night of your life." He said, looking me in the eye.

He had come closer and his hand had snuck under the bar counter to hold my waist. I did not stop him but looked back into his eyes. His hand slowly went higher up my body. Protected by our bodies on one side and the bar counter on the other, no one could see his hand touching me.

His hand reached the roundness of my left boob, and I felt his fingertips running slow circles on my breast. Soon his thumb had found my nipple which had hardened, making it poke slightly though my tight dress. His thumb rubbed and flicked the hard nub, making my eyes flutter as I gasped.

"Your nipples are telling me that you are enjoying this. You like getting them tweaked, don't you?" he asked, smiling.

As I tried to find the words to form a reply, I was not even sure how to reply, with my head buzzed from the alcohol and the groping of my nipple sending pleasure down my body. Suddenly my friends appeared at my side. His hand was gone as quick as a flash.

"Mandy, we were looking all over for you. Come on, let's get going, it'll take us a while to find a cab tonight." Said one of my friends, slurring slightly.

Mahesh decided to help. "I can drop you girls home if you'd like. I have plenty of room in my car." He looked at me for a short moment.

My friends turned to me. "Is he a friend of yours?" she asked.

"Y-yeah, he's cool. T-thanks for this." I said, finding it hard to look back into his eyes, knowing what I had just allowed him to do and say to me. He smiled.

"Not a problem. Let's go then?"

We got into his sedan, me riding shotgun and my friends in the backseat. One of them was starting to doze off and the other got on her phone immediately and didn't look up after that.

My friends lived on the way so he dropped them first. Once they bid us good night and left, he locked the car doors and began to drive. We drove for a few minutes and reached a deserted dead-end lane facing a park which was now closed, so no one could see us from the front windshield of the car. He parked the car and turned to face me and smiled.

"I would like to take us back to my apartment so I can properly get to explore your beautiful body Mandy. I think you would like it as well" He said. I nodded.

"But before we go, I need to play with your big, soft titties some more. Would you let me see them baby? He asked, licking his lips.

I couldn't believe what I was doing. The slutty part of my brain was making the decisions at the moment. I watched myself pull down my dress to expose my boobs to his hungry eyes. My nipples were standing out and proud as if inviting him to taste them. He almost growled under his breath, which made me suddenly feel extremely turned on at how vulnerable I was at the moment.

His hands came up and pinched both my hard nipples. I moaned and closed my eyes.

"You like that, don't you baby?" he asked, rubbing the pads of his thumbs over the hard nubs. I squealed lustily.

"You like giving yourself up to me, don't you?" he asked, tweaking my nipples between his index finger and thumb. I nodded, looking into his eyes and breathing heavily.

"Your friends have no idea what a slut you are, do they? They have no idea you're going to be used all night long by a man you just met." He smirked as he said this. I bit my lip and squished my boobs together for him. He let go of my nipples and bent his head forward.

"Are these titties for me, baby?" he asked, licking one nipple, then the other.

I moaned "yes d-daddy!" before I could stop myself. He looked up. I blushed in embarrassment at what I had said. He grinned.

"Oh, so you're a submissive girl, are you? You need a daddy, do you?" he asked, flicking my nipples with his thumbs again. I moaned again; I couldn't help myself. I was so turned on by everything he was doing to me. If he had decided to take me from behind on the bonnet of his car right now, I would have let him. He seemed to be considering it.

"You're going to be my obedient little girl." To my surprise, he lifted my dress back over my boobs to cover them.

"Don't worry, I'm not done with you. I've barely even started. Let's get out of this car, shall we?" he said, opening his door and crossing the front of the car to open my door. I got slowly out of the car. He came forward and kissed me passionately, forcing his tongue deep into my mouth. I opened my mouth to give him more entrance. He sucked on my tongue and kissed me wetly for a minute, then pulled me to the front of the car. Sitting on the bonnet, he made me stand in front of him, facing him.

"Strip for me, my beautiful whore" he said. I looked up, shocked. He was smiling at me. He knew I would. I looked around us at the deserted lane. The dark park was behind me. There was only what looked like a half built, abandoned construction property nearby. The rest of the houses were slightly further down the lane closer to the main road. My heart pounded as I looked back at him. He was still smiling.

"I-I'll need your help with this zip" I said meekly, knowing I was still buzzed from the alcohol and would struggle to undo it myself. He got off the bonnet and walked over to me. He turned me around and searched along the zipline for a second, finding the handle and pulling it down roughly. Once it was all the way down, he spun me around again held my thin dress strap and lowered them down my shoulders. I pulled my arms out of them but held the front of the dress over my boobs. He pulled my hands down to my sides and peeled the dress off the front of me. He stopped to stare at my bare boobs reflecting the street light, my nipples poking out hard.

"Take this dress completely off and give it to me." He said quietly, his eyes dark with lust.

I pulled my dress down and got out of it. I offered it to him with both hands obediently, wondering if I had gone too far now. But it was too late. He took it and threw it in his trunk and locked it. I was standing naked out in a lane with a stranger, wearing nothing but 4-inch heels.

He came back towards me, stuffing his phone back into his pocket and smiling at me.

"We're going to have a lot of fun tonight. You're going to thank me for giving you the chance to be a whore." He whispered in my ear as he groped my boobs.

He sat back against the side of his bonnet and pulled me forward so he could suck on my boobs. I moaned as he slurped and feasted on my sensitive nipples.

"Ripe fruits need to be eaten properly, right baby?" he asked as he closed his lips over one of my hard nipples.

"Mmmm, yes daddy!" I moaned back, arching my back and pushing my boobs into his face.

"Do you have any milk in these funbags, baby?" he asked between sucks.

"N-no daddy" I said sadly.

"Mmm, don't worry. These titties are going to be sucked a lot tonight. They might surprise us with some sweet nectar." He said, pinching one nipple as he sucked the other.

Suddenly I heard what sounded like distant footsteps. I began to back away to go hide in the car but Mahesh held me to him. He stood up and stood behind me, holding my hands behind my back, facing the footsteps.

Mobile flashlights were illuminating the ground and I saw two pairs of legs walking towards us and heard deep voices of two men. As they got closer, one of them whistled and the other one shouted praise at Mahesh.

"These are my friends, baby, they live down this lane so I thought I'd share my new toy with them a little."

The two men were also taller than me looked strong. One of them was slightly overweight while the other was more on the skinny side. They also looked like they were around Mahesh's age. They kept looking at me but only spoke to Mahesh, as if they weren't sure if they were allowed to speak to me. Mahesh noticed this and laughed.

"Introduce yourself to my friends, baby!" he said, as thought this was all completely normal.

As his friends looked on, I raised my head and said "Hello, my name is Mandy. Nice to meet you both."

"But you can call her any dirty thing you want" finished Mahesh, grinning. "I call her a whore."

"Her boobs look so milky" said the fat friend hungrily, coming forward.

"Yeahhh, look at her nipples! I won't be able to control myself around these." Said the thin friend, his hands looking like they were itching to close around my boobs.

Mahesh laughed, "Go ahead! She's all ours. You like being a good slut don't you baby? You don't mind sharing your lovely body with a few extra men, do you?" he tweaked my nipples as he said this. I moaned and replied "no daddy, you can all touch me however you like!"

And just like that, I felt mouths on both my nipples. Mahesh continued to stand behind me and hold my hands behind my back, making sure I was helpless against their abuse of my body. His friends were sucking, licking and biting my nipples. I suddenly felt a hand at my pussy and realised Mahesh had moved closer behind me and was using his other hand to finger me.

I began to moan as the combination of my sensitive areas all being stimulated was driving me crazy with lust. I was so wet I wouldn't have been surprised if it leaked down my leg. Mahesh brought his fingers up to taste me.

"Mmmm, you are very sweet, baby. I like your taste." He said, lowering his hand back down to resume fingering my pussy. I came very hard and moaned as they held me in place, sucking my nipples and fingering me.

With wet plopping sounds I felt his friends' lips leave my tits. I heard zippers being pulled down. I was so horny I wanted this. I knelt down where I was standing as three men came forward to surround me, their cocks dangling in front of my face. I started with Mahesh, sucking down on his thick cock and licking from the shaft till the balls. I used my hands to pull on the other two cocks. After a few minutes, Mahesh pulled my mouth off his cock because he wanted to save his cum for my pussy. I sucked his other two friends. The fat friend couldn't control himself and shot his load into my mouth. Mahesh ordered me to swallow it and I did, obediently.

Then they took turns fucking me on the bonnet of his car. Mahesh took the first round, pounding me as I lay on the bonnet, getting my boobs pinched and sucked. I came again, moaning as he slammed his thick cock deep into me for a few minutes, finally thrusting and spilling his hot cum inside me.

It began to drizzle as he was fucking me, and by the time he came, it was raining quite heavily. His friends each pinched my nipples one last time, saying they'll see me again, thanked Mahesh and ran down the lane back to their home. Mahesh gently helped me get off the bonnet and into the car. I was naked and slightly wet because of the rain, and so was he. He got into the car, locked the doors and drove. We reached his apartment in 10 minutes. Thankfully in the rain, the security guards at the gate didn't have a chance to look inside while opening the gates. I wondered if he was going to give me my dress to wear till we reached his apartment door, but he didn't. It was already around 3.30 AM so there was no one around and almost all the lights in the parking area were switched off. I was still nervous to walk from the parking lot to the elevator naked.

Sensing this, Mahesh told me "If you want to be my obedient little slut, you'll get out of this car and walk naked to that elevator with me. And inside that elevator, I'm going to pin you and have my way with you again. You're going to let me do that like an obedient girl, aren't you baby?". I nodded, my horniness winning over any embarrassment. In fact, this submissive role I was playing was a fantasy I've always secretly had. To be used in public by a group of men and to be a dirty slut.

I got out of the car and slammed the door. I felt my nipples harden but I walked seductively, shaking my hips as I walked, Mahesh following behind me. At the lift, he pressed the button and pinched my nipples while we waited for the elevator to reach the basement car park. By the time the elevator doors opened and I entered, Mahesh pushed my back up against the lift wall and sucked and bit my nipples. He flipped me over and had his cock inside me so quickly I gasp. He pumped furiously into me until we heard a ding that made us remember we were in a public lift. Thankfully the doors only opened at his floor.

He lifted me in front of me so that my legs crossed around his waist as I held onto him and my boobs swung in his face. He carried me till his front door and pushes me up against it, sucking each of my nipples.

"Once we enter my apartment, you aren't leaving until I'm satisfied that I've used you enough, okay? Daddy's going to have a lot of fun with you." He said, happily.

I wonder what's in store for me.

 