July 4th party
by Lisa Rogers

Several days ago I was reading a story by webdare2, about a security guard who witnessed Miss Walker doing a naked dare at work. I responded to this message saying that I get Miss Walker, and that I have done things like this at work too. One of the responders asked if I could post one of my at work stories. 

Fourth of July this year was on a Monday. This meant we had to go back to work the next day. I was angry at myself for not getting all my work done the week before since I had a presentation early on Tuesday. This meant that I would have to go into work on the Fourth of July in order to be ready for Tuesday. I estimated that it would take about three, no more than four hours in order to complete my work. 

One reason I was so angry at myself, is because I had been invited to a party later in the afternoon for a barbecue and to watch the firework show at a friends house who lives in a wealthy area of Los Angeles, and I did not want to miss out.

I have several different circles of friends. People in one circle often won't know about people in another circle. Some of my circles are very professional and conservative. Other circles of friends feature a more fun and party atmosphere. The party that I was invited to that day, is in the circle of friends that's more fun and party focused.

I live and work in the LA area. My office building isn't directly in the downtown area but it is in a populated area with most of the parking in the basement of the building and some surrounding the building.

Since I was so upset with myself, I decided to set a punishment for myself in the event I couldn't get done in time. I arrived at the office at eight in the morning which means I should've been done with my work no later than noon. For my punishment I decided that at the top of the hour starting at 9 o'clock, I would remove one article of clothing and place it in a bag that had a lock on it. In the event I was out of clothing, then my next punishment would be to close and lock the bag. This would require me to walk naked to the car in order to retrieve the key and get dressed. 

I left the key to the bag in my car on purpose. With this plan, if I finished at noon I would have no more than four articles of clothing in the bag. This would be two shoes and two socks. I would still be perfectly well dressed if this were the case. With the bag still not locked, I could reach into the bag, grab my clothes, get dressed and leave for the party.

On my way into the office, I called my friend who was hosting the party to let her know that I had to go into work before I came to the party. She said "are you crazy, what are you going into work for"? I told her that I had to get work done for my presentation early the next morning. I promised her that it would only take no more than four hours and I should be able to be there by the time the party started at two. She responded by saying "yeah right, the last time you said that you didn't even show up.". Then she said if nothing else be there by six because that's when were eating dinner. I promised her that I would absolutely be there by six, as a matter of fact if I'm not there by six I'll jump into your pool with all my clothes on. She said tell you what, if you're not there by six you have to jump in naked. I said "deal" and then I hung up.


July 4th party - part 2

When I got to the office, I saw that the place was a ghost town. Who in their right mind would come to work on July 4 I thought. I knew that if worse came to worse the likelihood of somebody being here especially after noon would be somewhere between slim and none. But the chance is always there, and that's what makes this so exciting. 

I got right to my work. When 9 o'clock came around I did just like I was supposed to. I slipped one shoe off and put it into the bag. At 10 o'clock, I did the same thing the other shoe. I figured I should've been about halfway done, but I realized I was a little behind schedule, but not too bad. 

11:00 AM around and I slipped off a sock and put it into the bag. I was starting to get just a little concerned, because I was not as far along as I thought I should've been. At noon I slipped off the other sock and put it in the bag as well.

Looking down at my bare feet, I realized I was in a little bit of trouble because I still had at least an hour to go. My heart started to race as I started getting some nervous excitement going on concerning my situation.

Being the little risk taker that I am, I decided to go into the kitchen and buy a snack from the vending machine. I took about 10 minutes to eat my snack and read the paper, knowing that it was putting me in greater peril.

Knowing that I would at least lose my blouse, if not also my pants, I starting to generate some nervous excitement. As I was heading back to my desk from the kitchen, I heard a door open and close. Within seconds I was face to face with the security guard making his rounds. I was not counting on this I thought to myself. 

He was just as shocked to see me as I was to see him. He said what are you doing here on a holiday? I replied that I had to get some work done to be ready for a presentation tomorrow. Then he said, what's with the bare feet? I said it makes me feel relaxed when I'm barefoot. Plus with the air conditioner off, it's getting a little hot. I thought this was a good line to prepare his brain for if he saw me still here in a couple of hours. But I decided to make sure that didn't happen.

Oh crap I thought, I really need to get moving. I should have asked him how often he makes his rounds but I didn't think to ask.

One o'clock came around faster than I realized. Now it's getting interesting I thought. I took a quick look around, unbuttoned my blouse, slippef it off my shoulders and put it into the bag. Well I'm glad I have the air conditioner as an excuse if he catches me know.

Two o'clock came around and I still wasn't done, so I stood up, unzipped my pants, slid them down my legs and place them into the bag. Now with just my bra and panties left, I started to get a little nervous because I still had a little ways to go.

As 3 o'clock approached, I realize that I had to go to the bathroom. With five minutes left before three o'clock, I decided to get up and go to the front door in my bra and panties. Then I would carefully navigate down the hall to the restroom in the common area. 

Now that I was in the common area, the chance of being seen was much greater, although being a holiday it still wasn't that great. My only real risk was the security guard.

After leaving the bathroom, I checked around. The coast seem clear so I navigated down the hall back to my office without incident. As I made it back to my desk, I saw that it was already 3 o'clock. This is where the rubber meets the road I thought to myself.

I reached behind my back, I unhooked my bra, and slid it down my arms. Looking around I could see that there was nobody around, so I placed the bra in the bag and continued working.

Now with my bare breasts fully exposed, I listened carefully for any sound. My nervous energy was at an all time high. About a half an hour past, I became worried tha I was not going to make the 4 o'clock deadline. This caused me to get a little excited and embarrassed all at the same time. A few minutes later I heard the door open again. I knew it was the security guard making his rounds. 

What was I going to do if he caught me again? I quickly cleaned my area, placing everything under the desk to make it look as though I wasn't there. Since I knew what door he came in, I could guess the approximate route he would take through the office. 

Realizing I only had seconds to act, I ducked inside one of the offices. If he so much as looked in that office, he would have caught me dead to rights.


July 4th party - part 3

Well this is a fine mess I find myself in I thought. I am standing topless in an office, separated from my clothing with a strange man lurking about. I could faintly hear that the television was still on. I waited for what seemed like an eternity, but it was only about10 minutes that went by.

This was bad, because as the minutes ticked by, it was getting closer to 4 o'clock and I still wasn't getting my work done.The minutes continued to roll by, and I could still hear the TV on. What if he actually left, but left the TV on I thought to myself. I was guessing that it was five maybe 10 minutes before four o'clock.

Realizing that I could not continue to wait there all day, I decided to step out of my office and carefully navigate my way to a point where I could look into the kitchen and still remain fairly hidden. I looked in but I couldn't see him anywhere. I thought I would approach the door and peek to make sure he wasn't in a corner in the kitchen just out of view. As I approach the door to the kitchen I saw that he had emerged from the corner, back to the table in front of the television. I quickly panicked and step back into the hallway.

After looking at my surroundings, I saw that I was now standing in a hall with a door to the exit on one end and the door to the kitchen at the other end. I was trapped I thought to myself. My only hope now is to run past the door to the kitchen and hope that I don't get caught. Not only that but it had to be just minutes from 4 o'clock.

Just then I heard him get up and switch off the television. I knew he was coming out so I just bolted past the door to the kitchen. Fortunately I don't think he saw me. But my heart was racing since I knew he would soon exit the kitchen in a matter of seconds.

Really having nowhere to hide, I press myself against the wall and ducked down. As he left the kitchen I could see him checking his watch as he made his way towards the exit. Boy did I just dodge a bullet I thought to myself.

The only problem now is that it was just a few minutes past 4 o'clock. Being mad at myself for not working fast enough I decided to continue with my punishment. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my panties and pull them down to my feet. I stepped out and put the panties into the bag.

Now completely naked I decided to be bold and take a tour of my office. About halfway through, I heard the exit door nearest the kitchen open back up again. It had to be the security guard. I froze in my tracks and found the nearest cover that I could. What was he doing I wondered to myself. Just then I could overhear him saying, oh there is my radio. He grabbed his radio and left the office through the same exit door.

All right time to get serious I thought. I return to my desk, got everything from underneath and continued working. I set as a goal to make it before 5 o'clock. Otherwise I would have to lock the bag with all my clothing inside.

Progress was not as swift as I had hoped. 5 o'clock came and I knew what I had to do. I reach down and quickly lock the bag before I could talk myself out of it. Now completely naked, with no access to clothing,I would have to continue working until I was done. Then I would need to get the key from my car in order to access my clothing.

I was close to being done when I looked at the clock and saw that it was 5:30. This was bad since it would take me about half an hour to get to the party.

About 5:50 I was finally done. My only worry was running into the security guard as I made my way to my car. Looking around I couldn't find my car keys. Where could they be I wondered? I thought for a minute, then I realized I must've put them in the bag while I was hiding from the security guard. 

Now what was I going to do? About 10 minutes went by when I had the brilliant idea to call AAA. They could get into my car so that I could get the key to unlock the bag.

I called the number for AAA told them my situation, well not everything. They said they could have a truck out to me in the next 30 to 60 minutes but I had to be standing next to my car. I pleaded with them that if I could give them a description of the car that they could just unlock it and call me when it was done. They said this is not their policy, that if I wasn't there they wouldn't unlock it.

To make matters worse, I realized that my wallet with my key card to the office was also in the locked bag. I would be able to leave the office to be near my car but I could be standing there for quite some time, further I would not be able to get back into the office. 

I had no choice, I had to go. As I left the office I could hear the door click shut. No going back now I thought. My next choice was, do I take the elevator or do I take the stairs. 

I decided to be safe and take the stairs down to the parking garage. When I got to the garage I could see that my car was the only one there. Then I realized the gate was shut preventing access to the garage. This forced me to wait near the entrance to the garage looking for the AAA guy. I waited for about 40 minutes when he finally showed up.

This is going to be embarrassing I thought. I hit the button to open the gate to the garage to let him in. This was it I was gonna have to show myself. As I emerged he was shocked to see a completely naked women. He leaned out his window and said can I help you ma'am. I said I need to get my car unlocked. I didn't bother trying to hide myself, I figure when you get caught you get caught.

He laughed and brought his tool out to open my door. I was amazed at how quickly he could get in. It's amazing that more cars aren't stolen on a daily basis. He asked me why I was dressed this way, I told him I lost a bet. At that point I was able to grab the key to the bag open it up and get dressed.

All right I thought, now let's get to the party. It was around 7 o'clock as I finally got back on the road. As I was driving I remembered the deal I made with my friend. I'll make up a sad story and then she'll let me out of the deal I made with her. 


July 4th party - part 4

When I arrived at the party, I was shocked to see that I was greeted with such fanfare. I didn't know this, but my friend had told everyone at the party, about our little deal if I didn't make it there by 6 o'clock.

The people in this circle of friends were fun, but they were also high powered and important people that I wanted to stay in touch with. I did not want to fall out of favor with this group.

As I walked through the house and made my way back towards the pool area, people would say things like there she is, or she finally made it, or it's showtime.

My friend announced to all the guests that I was the one that made the deal with her that if I wasn't there by 6 o'clock I would have to jump into the pool naked. I laughed figuring they would just give me a hard time but eventually let me out of it. When I realized they were serious, I reverted back to my original deal of jumping into the pool with all my clothes on. 

I pleaded my case, but I wasn't sure how much progress I was making. Finally my friend told me to climb up onto the diving board. She said that I was going to jump in, but that there would be a vote.

There was about an even number of men and women there. I was actually getting nervous as I headed towards the diving board. When I reach the diving board I paused, looking to my friend for direction. She said climb up and move to the end.

Standing with all my clothes on at the end of the diving board I tried to laugh it off. And then my friend shouted to the crowd saying who thinks she should jump in with all her clothes on. I looked around looking for support but all I got were giggles, especially from the women. Then she said who thinks she should jump in completely naked. Oddly enough The guys were just smiling it was the women who started to cheer.

Then my friend said, piece by piece I want you to strip your clothing off and throw it into the pool. This way we will both get our way. You will jump in the pool with all your clothes then you will also jump in completely naked. 

I figured it was just a test to see how far I would go. I took off my shoes and threw them In the pool. Then I took my socks off and threw them into the pool as well. 

I paused and looked at all the guests seated around the pool. All eyes were on me, wondering how far this was going to go . Then the women shouted, blouse. I reached up unbutton my blouse, I pause for a brief second realizing that I was not going to get out of this. I opened up my blouse slid it down my arms and threw it into the pool. And the women shouted pants. I reach down and then zip my pants sliding them down my legs. After standing back up I kick them into the pool as well.

I paused looking to see if I was going to get a break. Then my friend shouted you're doing great now your bra. Now it's getting serious I thought to myself. In a weird sort of way I was actually enjoying this.

The women all cheered when I reach back to unhook my bra. Realizing that I was not going to get out of this I moved it down my arms into it straight into the pool. Without hesitating, I reach down to my panties and ran them all the way down my legs. After standing up straight with my hands on my hips I kicked my panties into the pool.

There I was, standing completely naked at the end of the diving board, in front of all the guests as my clothes were floating in the pool.

I stood there naked and just laughed it off. I was careful not to hide myself since I didn't want to give away the fact that I was completely humiliated. But there's a certain amount of sexual thrill that goes along with being humiliated and I was actually loving it.

Now my friend said, dive into the pool, forget your clothes, come out the other end and stand on the pool deck. I did what I was told, and soon found myself completely soaking wet and standing naked on the pool deck at the shallow end of the pool.

My friend then announce to the crowd that since I was so late to the party, I would be serving food and drinks until after the fireworks. In the meantime someone would gather my clothing and put them in the dryer.

You might wonder, what kind of a friend a she was. But the truth is she knows my fantasies.

For the next few hours I serve drinks and food to all the guests completely naked. When it was time for the fireworks to start I took a seat and watch the show off in the distance.

As the party was winding down and The guests were leaving, I begin to wonder about my clothing.

After all the guess were gone my friend came to me with a pile of dry clothing. She asked me how was it, and I said I loved every minute of it. But next time it's your turn. 


