My landlord is a peeping tom 

My landlord must think I am a complete idiot. The peeking opening he watches me from is not the least bit sophisticated. I noticed it the first day. There are only 6 apartments in my building and last year he began renovating and fixing them up one at a time. The building is old and I was happy to learn that I would be getting a brand new kitchen and bath. It was inconvenient for almost a month while the workmen were here but well worth it when completed. The kitchen and bathroom are beautiful not to mention the freshly painted walls. All new modern appliances in the kitchen and a new sink, toilet and shower in the bath. The shower is one of those modern incloseures, easy to clean with a sliding glass door. The first night it was all finished I noticed the way the elaborate soap dish was connected to the wall and saw a gap on the bottom. I thought it wasn't connected properly but later that night could see some dull light coming through it. It is only like a 1/4 inch gap but goes across the bottom of the soap dish. I looked into it and really couldn't see anything but could tell it went all the way through the wall. My landlords bathroom is adjacent to that wall so I suspected he intentionally did this to peek in at me. He is much older than I but has always been flirtacious with me since I moved in 4 years ago. He knew quite a bit about me and had met some of my boyfriends and had met and knew my parents and brother fairly well. What he didn't know is that I always had a tendency to expose myself. Not so much as allowing someone to see me naked but more about revealing clothes. I wear shorts, skirts and lowcut tops and blouses most of the time and skimpy swimwear when at the beach or a pool. The soap dish is just above the sink so I knew if he did look through the opening he could see directly into my shower. The toilet and sink are on the same wall so after looking at where the opening was could tell he couldn't see the toilet and if I were at the sink could only see me from about my stomach to my thighs. To be honest I wasn't sure if I wanted him to see me naked but the thought of it became intriquing. I always liked him and dispite the way he looked at me and flirted with me all the time he was never fresh or crude about it. I was suprized that he would do something like this. I tried looking through the opening again and couldn't understand why I couldn't see into his bathroom if he could see into mine. The next afternoon I saw him in the hall and he asked how I liked everything coming into my apartment pointing out the new appliances. I then asked about his apartment and he invited me to see his improvements. I had only been in there one other time and knew it was fairly similar to my place. He showed me his kitchen first and then showed me his bathroom. It was layed out differently than mine and when I saw the wall connecting to my bathroom it had a towel rack where my soap dish would be. Thats when I knew if I looked through the opening from my bathroom, all I can see is the back of the towel. I still can't beleive how uninhibited I was the first time I knew he watched me shower. Never before had I intentionally let a man see me naked, who I wasn't dating. I get home from work about the same time every night but had no particular time when I did shower each night. There were many times I wasn't sure if he was looking in at me but I soon figured out how he would know. I could hear when his shower was turned on so I concluded he could hear mine also. If my bathroom light was on the opening wasn't visable. So, I turn the shower on sometimes with the lights still out and as soon as I do I can see the little bit of light coming through the opening go out in his bathroom. Thats when I know he is looking in and I turn my lights back on. Every so often I have tried to peek into his bathroom but he always has a towel on the rack covering the opening. It was a strange feeling when I began showering and knowing he was watching me. When I got out of the shower I would go over by the toilet where I knew he couldn't see me and perhaps I was slightly embarrassed about what I was doing. Silly I would think, when I did that, because I had just let him watch me wash myself yet I was hiding from him. Gradually I was more aroused by it each time and began masturbating while in the shower. I stood at the sink knowing he could see my vagina and touch myself. It seemed like the more of my body I exposed to him, it was never enough. I did some silly things, including washing out the tub and walls of the shower while still naked. Bending, reaching and putting myself in positions only an exibitionist would consider. I began doing things just to try to embarrass myself. Nothing I did caused me to feel ashamed or humiliated and I had no concern what-so- ever about what his opinion of me was or is. When I have my periods I stand at the sink to remove and insert my tampons. I no longer shave my pubic hair in the shower and began months ago doing it while standing at the sink. I put one foot at a time up on the sink as I shave and he has almost a direct view of my vagina. They are probably the two things where I am most exposed to him and have no inhabitions while doing it. About the only body part he hasn't seen would be the bottom of my feet. I wipe the bottom of he tub out only to expose my anus and vagina to him from the rear. There are few other positions I could do anymore and can think of no others by now. I have no shame when I see him and talk to him but at no time has anything even been hinted about it. He still flirts with me and compliments me and is a very good actor. He thinks I am dumb but it is he who is because he should have found a more inconspicous way to peek into my bathroom. Just the way he acts around me I can tell he thinks he's a lot smarter than me. He couldn't have made that peek opening any more obvious than it is. He should at least have put something besides a towel over it to block light from coming through it. It doesn't matter if he thinks I am stupid because he is the one that is a fool. Without him knowing it I am the one allowing him to see me and not the other way around. He is a very quiet man and I think has few friends. He did date a woman for awhile but I don't see her around anymore and he never discusses personal things with me. I am so aroused by him watching me but am sure he thinks he is the one intruding on my privacy, beleiving I know nothing about it. Thats fine with me. There are two men who are at his aparment sometimes and probably the only two friends he has. I have no way of knowing if he lets them see me but hope he does. 
