Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 15:

My face was full of pure naughtiness as I explained my game to Ben "So the point of this game is to see which one of us gives up first, and it is going to be VERY HARD for both of us to resist giving in. I am going to start moving now, sliding up and down, up and down, and finally letting us experience the full maximum and intense pleasure of sex. Once I start, I won't want to stop, not one bit. You've probably noticed that I'm...a little crazy when I get too horny. BUT...we don't want you to cum too early from me riding too passionately, so here's how the game works:"

I paused a moment for dramatic tension, then resumed "I fuck your sexy little brains out until you get too close to the edge. When you're losing control and getting to the point of no return, you have to yell out 'I'm going to cum!' and I am forced to stop immediately to let you calm down and recover. You have to use those exact words though, shy boy, no stuttering. I want to hear you say those exact naughty words again and again to me as I stop you from actually doing it, just barely, over and over again. If I get so horny that I just can't stop any more, then you win. If you go off without saying anything or if you wait too long to speak up and go off even if I do stop, then I win. It'll be like Red Light Green Light, but for sex. And if you win, then you get the power to get more sex out of me at will for the next year and I can never refuse you. So, wanna play?"

My heart thumps in my chest having made such a perverted challenge with such an extreme prize, but in reality that prize is more a reward to me than him. I want to give him the power to take me at will, to not even need to ask my permission first. I want him to come to me every time that he gets horny from now on, or every time that a naughty idea or fantasy comes to mind for him. The explosively sexy possibilities are endless and I will NEED that rush again and again.

Ben answered me "More than anything in the world, beautiful. But what do you get if you win?"

I honestly didn't even think about that, since I want HIM to win so badly. Still, this game needed a second prize so I reply "Well...I guess if I win, then I earn that power over you. I'd have the power of getting sex from you at will, any time, any place, just by telling you that I wanted it"

He snickered "Jokes on you, you already have that power. But let's do it!"

Cheeky bastard! I guess he's right though. This prize we're fighting over is a mere formality. Neither of us is ever likely to say no to the other after this, prize or no prize.

At long last I start moving up his long shaft, then down again. Just doing it once sends a shiver through me, and I didn't even go that high yet. This is going to be unbearably intense and I cannot wait. I rise up on him slowly again, then slide right back down. And then I do it again. My boy's eyes roll into his skull, as he slips into heaven from me riding him. His look of extreme sexual pleasure is so hot, as if I needed any more turn ons in this moment.

After several up and down movements going slowly, I carefully speed up now really going at it. God my everything down there feels amazing. I didn't realize that every time I moved upwards that my pussy would fill the gap made, causing every thrust immediately afterwards to have to part me open inside again and again. My sensitive areas are being massaged and I'm losing my mind with lust. My speed keeps going faster, my eyes are closed, and my breathing is turning into a constant siren noise announcing my ecstasy to anyone in hearing range. I try to keep my volume down at least, but even that little bit of control is wearing away fast. How long am I riding this man? Seconds? Years? I can't even remember anymore. Upper brain functions have turned off. There is no think, only fuck.

"I'm going to cum!" Ben suddenly yells out.

Damnit! Shit. I freeze, stopping cold as per the rules of the game. Man, that was hard. The very first "red light" and my entire body is already screaming at me to keep going and just lose. The sudden stop gives me a feeling of...I dunno what to call it. Girl blue balls. Blue lips? Either way, over the next few seconds Ben catches his breath, clearly having waited almost too long before telling me to stop.

I tease my sexy stud "You almost lost, didn't you? But so did I, so we're even."

He giggled at me "Yeah...yeah."

I then told him "You yelling that to me though? HUGE turn on! I didn't think this through at all, because your command for me to stop is so sexy that it reduces my willpower to actually do it"

Suddenly my shy boy was replaced by a naughty sensual-voiced tiger who asked me "So...you like it that much when I tell you that you're about to make me cum in you?"

OOOOO! His voice shifting into sexy mode like that was a rush. I'm pretty sure that he noticed me blush and shift my neck from that.

I respond with my own sexy voice "Oh my God, I think I finally woke up the Ben-gal tiger inside of you. I like that. Are you ready yet for green light?"

This freaking man then responds to me with "If you think you can handle it, sure", and I am SHOOK!

I start moving once again, up and down, returning to the bliss of heaven in flesh form. I loosen up a lot this second go after a few seconds, moving my hips around while I pump him in order to make the sensations reach an even higher level. I've been watching hardcore porn since I was 10, you had better believe that I took notes about how to properly ride cowgirl! I remembered how much he loved being squeezed, so I tightened my Kegel muscles on him several times in order to drive him wild. Hell, I get cocky at one point, putting my hands on top of my head and rocking my hips in a full 360 a few times while he watched me. Even though his whole damn world is being rocked by me right now, he's still holding out on me longer than I expected, as if he's starting to get the hang of this himself. I start getting a little nervous about not being ready to stop when the time comes, since it feels like it'll happen any second now.

"I'm going to cum!" Ben suddenly yells out again.

I freeze. My pussy is furious with me for stopping, but I did it. I feel his dick throbbing inside of me harder than ever before, trying to hold it in at all costs. God, how close did he cut that one? It feels like it would only take one single pump of my pussy to finish him off right now. I'm not going to lie about my intense temptation to test that theory, but I also didn't want this to end just yet. We both sit in silence for 30 seconds to recover and cool off.

I tell my boy "I'm so happy right now. I've waited my entire teenage life for this, and you have been far better than I ever expected my first time to be. Just you wait, I'm telling the entire school that you are the undisputed king of sex after today."

He smiled for me, then said "And you are my worthy queen. It's funny...I can't really tell anyone that I got with Minka, the girl the entire school wishes they had. Instead I'll just tell them all that I made love to my new girlfriend Sophie, her superior."

I gasp "Boy, you better be careful saying things that sweet to me when I have your dick in my pussy. I might just have to start trying to make you blow your load for real."

The Ben-gal tiger replied "Bring it on"

Oh I brought it on! I sped up to maximum this time, rubbing his chest with my hands while I pumped and wiggled my hips. I pulled sounds out of him that were pure animal in nature. I squeezed my Kegel muscles tightly and held them there, gripping Ben's dick firmly for maximum pleasure all up and down his shaft. I didn't hold back one ounce, this was full power! I was bringing myself scarily close to being in danger of cumming again myself at this rate.

Without warning Ben quickly yelled "I'm going to cuuuum!!"

I wasn't ready for him to yell that so fast, so I almost couldn't stop in time. I kept going for three more full pumps before I was able to cease moving. Those last extra strokes of his hypersensitive love muscle were pushing him, testing him, and required every last ounce of his willpower to hold in and resist. I could feel it the entire time, with his legs dancing underneath my body as a desperate effort to gain even a single extra drop of hope. I had to hold absolutely perfectly still like a statue, because even just shifting my weight could finish him off.

Somehow, somehow he made it and didn't cum, but his dick was now stuck pushing outwards against my vaginal walls with a fierce intensity. I could feel every single twitch, every drop of blood pumping into it sending waves of pleasure through my own hypersensitive lovers lane. I could tell...this time he was really right on the edge, and I mean that ultimate edge that people reach during edge play. His breathing is almost just hyperventilating right now. Just feeling my pussy squeezing his dick was holding him at maximum, it didn't take any movement any more at this level of sensitivity. I don't think he's coming down from this level. This is it, if I start again anytime soon he's going to blow. I can feel it.

I look at him, his eyes still closed and breathing rapidly for me "Sorry for not stopping right away. Are you enjoying yourself, sexy boy? It feels like you are experiencing maximum pleasure right now"

He can't even talk or open his eyes at first, he just nods. After maybe 30 whole seconds he finally gathers himself enough to say "That was so good, but I can't take any more. If you move fast at all from now on I'm done, it's over. If we're going to keep playing the game you have to only move very slowly or else I'm going to lose."

I was enjoying this feeling of power, and truly I was savoring this entire moment. Here he is, completely naked, arms tied behind his back with a belt, lying on his back on the floor underneath me under my complete control. At any moment I could make him cum and there isn't a single thing he could do to stop me. And me? I'm perched up on his midsection, sitting high and proud, with every single inch of his huge dick inside of me swallowing it whole to the point where his pubes are tickling my hairless pubis. I used to fantasize about just SEEING a moment like this for myself...but now I'm here living it.

It was then at this precise moment when the door to the dressing room opened up, and our mutual friend Haylee walked in on us!


Part 16:

I couldn't believe it when it happened. Here we were, Ben and I, having sex, losing our virginities to one-another, and we were inching very close to the final explosion of lust and pleasure. And then we both hear the door open, jumping in shock as we look and see Haylee walk in on us. I was facing the doorway and her directly, sitting on Ben's dick. Ben had to tilt his head upwards to see her, which he did instantly when we heard the noise.

I screamed and threw my hands over my chest and crotch, suddenly massively self-conscious and aware of my own nudity in the middle of the school building. Ben screamed "HAYLEE!!!" in a voice of pure embarrassed terror, his voice actually cracking and going high pitched. Haylee herself froze with her mouth open as she saw us there, and there was no hiding what we were doing...or the fact that we were both completely naked with her looking at us.

Ben started struggling to free his hands pinned and tied behind his back, but that was futile. Haylee being Haylee, she didn't stop staring at us at all as that girl has zero ability to be subtle. I watched her eyes and they were locked firmly on Ben's chest and abs...and possibly where our two groins were interlocked (although I had that spot covered with my right hand). Haylee wasn't the type of shy girl to just avert her eyes and back away. Now that we were caught, she was going to enjoy the view and savor our embarrassment for a little bit. That's just the kind of nutjob she is. I knew it, and I think Ben knew it too.

I started to adjust in order to get up and start moving to some form of cover when Ben suddenly yelled frantically "SOPHIE! DON'T MOVE!"

The nervousness in his voice stunned me, and at first I couldn't figure out what he was talking about. And then suddenly it hit me: My pussy was the only thing covering his dick right now. If I moved off of him, then he'd be naked in front of Haylee and she'd see it all, including how hard it is right now so close to the edge. Because his hands are still tied behind his body, he wouldn't even be able to cover up his nakedness at all if I got off of him. My body is the only thing that this almost-naked boy is wearing as clothes right now. Wow...this boy is literally using my pussy as clothes. Why is that thought such a MAJOR turn on?

I looked at Haylee again and she was blushing straight scarlet, something that she normally doesn't do. I know that Haylee isn't attracted to me because she's straight, absurdly straight, she's so hetero that she doesn't even qualify as a homo sapien any longer. I think Haylee is actually the only person I talked to all day that had zero sexual interest in my leaked pictures. But right now she is jumping right up into horndog mode at almost ME speeds. It's Ben! She's reacting to seeing Ben under me, naked as the day he was born save for wearing my pussy right now. Her eyes are locked right on Ben's lower abs and my hand covering our physical connection. She's trying to x-ray vision a peek at his penis! Remember, Haylee cannot subtle, her entire face is screaming "Let me see it!" in silent ways that are paradoxically very loud.

Haylee finally manages to speak "Um...hey guys! Neither of you were answering your phones so we all got really worried. Whatcha doin' in here?"

The sass in her fake question was deep, considering all three of us knew exactly what the sex we were doing before she walked in!

We didn't answer, so she continued "I guess you both finally handled that virginity problem you both kept worrying so much about. And wow, Ben. You grew up! I remember way back when I used to babysit you, and also how you were always biking all over the neighborhood all the time. I never thought I'd someday see you like THIS"

Ben was trembling a little under me and pitifully pleaded "Haylee! Stop looking at me! Sophie, don't let HAYLEE see me naked! Please!"

His emphasis on her name caught my attention. He's not just worried about "a girl" seeing him naked, it's this specific girl which is embarrassing the hell out of him. It just now occurred to me that I didn't really know the extent of their relationship. Apparently they were neighbors who had known each other for years. Funny, I've also known Haylee for years and even been to her house, but I never met Ben before. She apparently babysat him when they were younger, since Haylee and I are two years older than he is. Did he have a crush on her? Did SHE have a crush on HIM that I didn't know about? Hell, I don't know anything about how close they are or what. All I knew for certain was that they were important enough in each others lives for the act of her seeing (or not seeing) him naked to be a huge deal to them both.

Something about Ben's reactions seemed more ashamed of himself than anything else though, and that's when it hit me that Haylee had at one point been an authority figure over him. This wasn't like letting me, a mutual peer and love interest see him naked, even if I'm the same age as Haylee. This was somebody that he saw as above him, and this was making him worry that this is all wrong, that she was judging him, or that she would make fun of him for this. I knew Haylee better than that, she would be hugely supportive to both me and Ben for hooking up. I needed Ben to get that too, and that's when I knew what I had to say in order to diffuse his stress.

"Hey Haylee" I announced "What do you think of my new boyfriend's body here without any of his clothes to block the view? Go on, tell me what you're thinking right now. It's written all over your face."

Oooo, both of them blushed. It was great. Haylee then answered me "Wow, just...it's weird. I've known him since he was little. I never noticed how much of a HUNK he became! Ben you need to start not wearing a shirt when you play outside like half of the other boys do. Me and the other girls in the neighborhood deserve some really nice eye candy from time to time."

I watched Ben's reaction closely, and he noticeably averted his eyes from Haylee and got a mix of shy and happy when she called him a hunk. It was adorable. It also helped him relax just a tad and not be so tense about being about 99% naked here in front of her. Meanwhile, I could still feel his dick pulsing inside of me. It had calmed down a little from its earlier absolute edge, but it's still very close to losing all control. Not wanting to let the mood completely die off here, I wiggle my hips a little bit for him, with Haylee clearly watching me do it.

Ben twitched and shivered, inside and out, as he was not expecting that. Haylee's mouth just dropped and she lost the ability to keep talking it seemed. Ben was looking at me and his face was somehow torn between "please don't let her see me naked" and "I'm so horny that I don't actually care as long as I bust this nut in you". I don't think even he knew for sure what he wanted right now.

I can't explain it. I can't. Something about this moment, something about the look of perverted lust in Haylee's face and the look of shame/arousal in Ben's face, something about all of it together gave me the strongest, craziest, most insane desire that I've had all day. This desire doesn't even make sense, and yet I felt it overwhelmingly strongly.... I wanted to let Haylee see Ben naked.

Why do I want that? Why do I want another girl seeing my boyfriend naked? And this is a hot girl, with years of history with both him and me, and I'm pretty sure he had/has a crush on her. Why? WHY do I want her to see him naked right now? The thought of her seeing his dick doesn't make me jealous at all, or possessive. If anything, it's the opposite feeling, as if I have this deep rooted animal need to make HER jealous of ME. I'm riding it right now, she's not. I want her to imagine herself swapping places with me. Part of me wants her to regret letting this boy go and not pouncing him when she had the chance. I'm not normally so petty. I've never hated my friends for getting more action than me. I would never want to actually break Haylee's heart in any way. Is this just subconscious revenge for how many times I wished I could swap places with her or my other friends who were sexually active? I honestly don't know.

This is just something inside of me where I NEED to somehow show off what a sexy man that I caught. I needed somebody, anybody in my circle of friends to really grasp and understand how hot Ben is and how awesome it was that I got to have sex with him, but the only way for me to DO that would be to let somebody see his not-so-little secret down there. It's so stupid, yet it was a compulsion that flooded my mind. I might have subconscious insecurity issues related to my friends being so amazing, as if I need something like this to earn their respect (which is crazy talk). After years of being the "loser", I needed at least one close friend to finally see me as a winner, a BIG winner! I know that physical attractiveness isn't everything...but this is high school, so that's all anyone cares about here! Fishermen show off the size of the fish they catch. I needed to show Haylee the size of the "fish" that I caught today.

And somehow...somehow Ben begging me not to let her see him naked was also turning me on. How completely messed up is that? But it did, it really did. I've watched videos about that sort of thing and it always excited me like crazy with the taboo of it all, the idea of showing off a tied naked guy to a bunch of girls. Ben being so shy around Haylee and seeing her as one of the last people alive that he would ever want to see him naked was somehow making me want her to be THE person to see him naked. It's idiotic, it's wrong, it's mean, and it's deviant as hell. And somehow I still want to do it. I'm so horny, lost in my own lust, almost as close to the edge as Ben is, and my brain just isn't thinking clearly. I know this. But still I want to do it. I'm going to do it.

I make myself a promise born of madness: If Ben calls out the safe word "coffee", then I'll keep him covered up and protect him. But if he doesn't....

I shock both of them by suddenly removing my hands from my girl parts, letting them hang by my side and allowing Haylee to see me naked in person for the first time. As her eyes bug out in surprise, I tell her "Well if you're just going to stand there watching us, naughty Haylee, then I'm going back to what I was doing. Don't stare TOO hard now"

Ben's mouth dropped at my brazenness. I started to slowly wiggle my hips in a circle, performing for both of them truthfully. Meanwhile Haylee's brain froze up. Seriously, I'm 90% certain that I saw the YouTube loading graphic spinning in front of her face as she slowly attempted to process what was happening just now.

Ben very quietly whimpered "Sophie what are you DOING?"

I replied "Going back to our hot little game. I'm gonna let her watch. I'm in control right now sexy boy, remember?"

"But...but" he began to mutter. He looked very nervous and ashamed, but I could also see how good my hip movements were feeling for him. Part of him didn't want to stop me. That part of his brain, however small, was preventing him from calling out the safe word. I looked up at Haylee's eyes and they were glued solidly on the physical connection between me and Ben. She was staring right at my clit and pussy lips trying to see the dick hidden in there, but I was purposely holding myself as close to Ben's skin as possible to draw this out and tease her.

After about 5 full circles around with Haylee not blinking even once, I was ready to up the ante a little bit. I stopped moving around and instead rose upwards one inch up his long dick before immediately coming back down. Haylee gasped. She had just seen a tiny bit of Ben's dick with her own eyes!

Meanwhile Ben was shaking "Don't! She's gonna see my dick if you do that!"

I lean forward and whisper into his ear so that only he can hear me "I think you want her to see your dick almost as badly as she wants to see it. If I'm wrong, you have one word that can stop this. But only that one word"

He went red, solid red, face and chest too. This boy didn't blush even half that hard for me seeing him naked! I guess it's different when it's a girl you've known for so many years instead of somebody you met that morning. Still, he laid there staring at me, nervous shy eyes, but he wasn't saying the word. I rose up one inch again, but this time I held myself up at that height for two seconds before lowering again, making absolutely certain that Haylee saw the base of his shaft that time. Ben was hyperventilating and shivering like he was cold, but still...he didn't say the word. I felt his dick applying pressure on my insides. I knew it! This was turning him on too, even if it was scaring him to death. Maybe the fear itself is a turn on for him, the fear of a close female friend seeing him naked. I guess you could say that the same fear has been a turn on for me all day.

I rose upwards 3 inches this time, showing off a ton of Ben's private skin, but still not even half of it. When I came back down, Haylee had this knowing look on her face. She realized what I was doing. She knew that I was deliberately exposing him to her and she couldn't believe it. She was blatantly wondering to herself...how far does this thing go in her?" I was going to enjoy drawing out answering that question.

Ben pleaded "You guys! Haylee is looking at my dick! She can see it!"

Smiling at Ben, I then slowly, teasingly rose up 5 inches on this large manhood in me. Haylee's breathing was getting very irregular as she stared at it, realizing that she still can't see where the head starts yet even with as much of it as she can see already! It was torturing her trying to figure out just how exactly long Ben's dick truly was. Her entire brain was focused on wondering just how high I was going to go with this. His dick was getting harder and harder pushing against my vaginal cavity from the thrill of his embarrassment, stretching me in all the right ways. I wondered if Haylee could see Ben's dick pulsing when it's exposed.

Ben pleaded again "SOPHIE!! Haylee can see my dick! If you go any higher she's going to be able to see the whole thing! You're letting her see me naked."

He wasn't acting. He was panicking and scared out of his mind about Haylee seeing his dick. And yet, still he never said "Coffee" to end this peep show. He was getting off on being my victim here now, just like I had done earlier when he "forced" his way into me. And I wasn't done yet with this.

I rose 7 inches, to the base of his head so that only his head remained in me still. Haylee could now see seven inches of beautiful boy cock sticking out underneath me and that still wasn't all of it. Her face was a mix of shock and wonder.

Before I even came back down Haylee blurted out "God damn how big IS that thing?"

Ben inhaled sharply when she said that, and then when I came back down he loudly moaned from the intense sensation of me sliding down almost his entire pole in one movement like that. He was still right on the edge, even with me moving so slowly for showing off purposes. Ben's body shot all-over crimson again, which I realized was from Haylee commenting about the size of his equipment. He liked that! He really, really enjoyed Haylee implying that the size of his dick was sexy. And I was going to let her see all of it very soon.

Ben once again tried to beg "Sophie please! If you go any higher at all she's going to see the whole thing!! You're right at the edge of it!!"

Ignoring his pleas I rose up to the base of his head again, only to drop back down as a tease. I knew Haylee expected me to go higher this time, and it tortured her that I didn't. It also tortured my sweet shy Ben, plus the stimulation on his dick was clearly moving him back towards that absolute edge again. I then super-slowly rose up to inch #7 once again, only to go back down without going any higher. Ben is throbbing like crazy inside of me. I'm starting to think that being forcibly exposed like this might be a fetish for him based on how strongly he's reacting to this game of mine.

Finally I rise up and up, inch 6, inch 7, letting the head start to pop out, and then finally inch 8! I raise myself up and off of his dick completely, baring all of him to Haylee. I just showed Haylee Ben's dick in its entirety!

Haylee squeals "JESUS CHRIST!"

Ben whimpers "NO! No, no, Haylee can see my dick! Sophie, don't just hover there, cover me back up! Hurry!" His dick twitching there in the air tells me that he's enjoying this, at least enough to let it keep going.

I look at Haylee "Go on. Tell my boyfriend what you think about it, about all of his body, now that you can see everything. Don't hold back, he needs to hear what you think. How would you rate his body 1-10?"

Haylee was super red, covering her mouth with her hands but making sure to not block her eyes. She answered me "10! Total 10! That's the biggest dick I've ever seen, even bigger than Landon's. I can't believe you, you lucky bitch, getting such a hot guy for your first time. And Ben, why didn't you ever let me know that you had abs like that? I think all of us girls deserve to see those more often."

I watched as Ben smiled a shy smile at Haylee complimenting his naked body like that. He was experiencing that compliment high that I kept being affected by all day. Perfect! Now that he's riding that feeling of warmth mixed with being edged by my pussy this whole time, his penis must be unfathomably sensitive. I grab it with my hand in order to lure it back inside of me, feeling Ben thrash from the pleasure just of my hand touching it right now. When I slide down that shaft again, inch by inch, Ben is experiencing pure heaven. I am too, having brought myself extremely close to one last orgasm myself with all of this teasing and excitement.

While Haylee watches I rhythmically move my body up and down Ben's shaft, moving slightly faster than I was doing earlier but still slow enough to not push Ben too far. Despite that, I could feel his potential orgasm building up inside of him, inside of me. I was inching him there step by step and he was already remarkably close.

Ben whispered to me "Ok Sophie you need to stop now! It's time"

I smirked "What? That's not the stop command" I torture him by speeding up a little bit.

He looked horrified "Sophie! Don't make me say THAT with HER standing there!"

I teased him "Well if you don't say it, and loud enough for us both to hear you, then she's about to witness it isn't she? And you'll lose the game too" I sped up again, feeling the throbbing of his dick inside of me pushing outwards solidly fighting against my Kegels and winning.

Ben was louder this time "Grrr, I'm going to cum! Happy now?"

Haylee loudly gasped, having heard that perfectly clear. She was once again in shock, but couldn't take her eyes off any of this. Was something like that really about to happen?

I kept moving up and down on Ben, smiling naughtily, feeling his private part skating right up to the ultimate edge again.

Ben was frantic now "Sophie I'M GOING TO CUM!! STOP!"

I never stopped fucking him, and instead I sped up. I looked at my thrashing naked boy barely holding in his climax, with Haylee watching every microsecond of it, and I told him "Hey tiger...you win!"

I sped up my movements up and down on him, pushing my hips back and forth like a wave machine as I humped him. I wasn't going to stop until I earned my final prize from his special friend. I took my right hand and started rubbing my clit as fast as I could. I wanted to make myself cum right when he did. I wanted to cum to the feeling of my pussy being filled! Ben screamed loudly like a tiger's roar as all of the build-up, teasing, stimulation, and exhibition had finally led to this intense first-non-virgin orgasm deep inside of a woman's pussy, my pussy. The roar was the last step for me as I came as well. As my orgasm was hitting me I felt him go off over and over again, repeatedly. It felt like it would never stop. I felt my body run out of space to put all of that cum but still more came with how excited he was. It was dripping out the sides. This was the hottest feeling of my life, the feeling of being filled by my boy's pure intense pleasure.

I massively underestimated how filled I was going to be though. Five seconds after we both finish cumming I can feel the goo running down the inside of both legs, having escaped from my pussy. Only now, only now does it occur to me that we're going to get in huge trouble if we stain the floor. I look over to the make up wipe dispenser and realize that it's the only tissue that I can see right now.

I quickly hop off of him and stand up in one movement, commanding "Don't move! We can't stain the floor!" I have my left hand between my legs trying to hold it all in for a few seconds while I grab a tissue. Once grabbed, I clean myself off as thoroughly as I can, tossing several make up cloths into the trash. It is crazy embarrassing to be wiping myself with both of them in the room, especially because I have to get really deep in there in order to get it all out and stop me from dripping. This is double or even triple the volume that I was expected! I feel a little proud about that, but I'm suddenly super self-conscious about having to clean myself while they watch.

When I turn over to look at poor Ben, however, he is blushing like crazy at being forced to lie there on his back, naked, hands tied behind his back, his dick standing straight up still, and it covered all over with goo from both of us mixed together. Ben can't even make eye contact at all with Haylee, who is standing there staring at his trapped immobile naked mid section covered in various cum juices. It only just now occurs to me that while I may have been embarrassed wiping myself, Ben here had it far worse and I was just leaving him to endure it.

I rush over to Ben and clean off his dick for him. Honestly it's kinda hot cleaning off a boy's anatomy after sex, although I could tell that it was very embarrassing for Ben. The look on Ben's face was starting to sour a bit, which suddenly filled me with this intense wave of guilt.

"Haylee" I softly called out "Show's over. Can Ben and I get some privacy for a few minutes? We'll be out later"

She replied "Yeah sure, no problem. Thanks so much for that you guys, seriously. That was SPICY!! And congratulations, I'm super happy for you both." She then closed the door behind her.

I looked at Ben and this overwhelming dread flooded inside of me. Did I go too far? I get crazy when horny, but did I just betray Ben's trust in me? How could I? He was so sweet to me all day yet I used him to get off without any concern for him in the moment. I felt a huge weight on my heart.

"Ben I'm so sorry" I whimpered, "I don't know what came over me or why I did that. I would've stopped if you said 'coffee', I swear! I mean it! I shouldn't have pushed you into letting me do that to you. It was stupid, I was stupid. I just...I lose my mind when I get horny and I don't think. Please don't hate me, I'll make it up to you somehow"

Ben looked at me and quickly said "Sophie! It's ok, don't worry about it"

I replied "It's not though. Ben you trusted me and I humiliated you. Why did I do that? What's wrong with me? I showed you off against your will to our friend, a hot girl that you're super close to and probably had a crush on from the looks of it, and I just got off to your embarrassment. What kind of freak does that to the boy she loves? I ruined everything."

He softly asked "Can you untie my arms please? I need them" Without saying anything more I unhooked the belt and released him.

Ben then suddenly grabbed me and pulled me onto the ground next to him in a snuggle position. He calmly told me "Sophie, I trusted you, completely, and I still do. That's why I didn't say the safe word and I let you push my boundaries like that. If it was anyone else I would have ended it, but with you I knew you would make everything perfect no matter what. And you did. The whole experience was intense, but in a good way. You never broke my trust. It was scary and embarrassing, but it was also a huge rush. You weren't the only one that got off to her seeing me naked. It was really hot flashing her like that and having her like me. She called me a hunk and a 10! Nobody has ever called me a 10 before, ever. She was even talking about how I need to go shirtless more often to give all the girls I know eye candy! I've known her for years and she's never said anything like that to me before. You told me that you feel super nervous when somebody sees you naked, and then you get this rush of euphoria when they like what they see and compliment your body. I think I just experienced what you've been going through all day, and it was amazing. Also...that was, BY FAR, the best orgasm of my life. Just overall the best feeling, this has all been the best moment of my life. Good lord just remembering it gives me goosebumps. Don't worry so much or feel guilty. There's nothing wrong with you, you're not a freak. You're sweet and caring, caring so deeply that you actually stress out over if you were caring enough when letting a boy like me have SEX with you. You are literally divine...and I love you."

I really enjoyed this comforting cuddle, and his words were just melting me away. "God, I love you too. You have no idea how much. How did a girl like me wind up with the perfect man? Haylee called you a 10 earlier but that number doesn't do you justice, either your body or your soul. And you actually like me, ME, the real me. Nobody loves Sophie, trust me. I have a permanent residence in the friend zone and everyone's invited. My naked body apparently looks much better than I though it did since everyone fell in love with Minka so easily, but you're the only one to really love me as Sophie, the awkward sex-obsessed loser with basically no self control."

Ben giggled "Sophie, you being awkwardly sex-obsessed is one of my favorite things about you. You feel everything so passionately and intensely at all times and it's a major turn-on. Those moments where you fully lost control and you just COMMANDED me to give you what you needed in a wild rant, those moments were amazing. I've never experienced anything like it before. Every time you lost control it made me want you twice as strongly."

My eyes were full of tears, mostly of joy but my emotions were overwhelming me all over the spectrum right now. "My love...I don't even know your last name yet, but I already want it for myself. For real, I'm completely serious. My whole heart is yours. But...I don't really know anything about you, at all. Honestly, for all I know you could actually love Haylee more than you do me, or even some other girl I've never met. How could this possibly work? What if it doesn't?"

He kissed me with no warning and held me there for at least a minute. When he finally broke it, he answered me "THAT is how this could possibly work. My name is Ben Connelly, and I'd be honored to one day make you into Missus Sophie Connelly. And no I don't love Haylee, she's just my friend and neighbor, even if she is really awesome and super hot. I'd still always choose you"

I chuckle a little "Yeah Haylee is red hot, and she clearly agrees with me that you are too. God it's a shame she's so damn straight or we could've invited her to join us one day"

Ben choked on thin air "*Cough*, uh, what??"

I turn to face him and look him right in the eye "Mr Connelly, I'm bi as fuck. You're crazy if you think I haven't always fantasized about sleeping with a boy and a girl at the same time."

He stares at me for a few seconds, then asks "Woman is there any part of you that ISN'T complete perfection?"

I smirk "Tons honestly, but I have hope that you'll see through it all and stay with me forever. And speaking of staying with us forever, we should really get dressed and go out to meet Haylee again before she or someone else walks in on us again."

