Jenna Goes Camping
by Helmhood

(Originally published Jun 17, 2009)

I decided to go camping with a group of friends. Actually, it was Andrea and Jean who convinced me to go with them. It was the weekend, and I was hoping to stay closer to home. Stressed out from work, I would have liked to relax in comfort, maybe do some shopping and then catch a movie.

But the two girls arrived at my place dressed in their denim shorts and hiking boots and told me that we had other plans. Since it was beautiful outside, they wanted to spend some time outdoors. With a little fuss, they finally made it clear that I did not have much of a choice.

"Jenna, go get your things packed, or I swear…" Andrea said firmly.

Jean giggled, "Or we will drag you out here and pull down your pants!"

"Oh, really?" I said, folding my arms across my chest.

"Maybe pull off her pants!" Andrea insisted. "Right here, on the front lawn."

"We might as well then take everything else off her," Jean said enthusiastically.

"All right, all right, I'll go camping with you!" I cried, backing up into my house.

Of course, I figured they were only kidding about their threat. Then again, I never could tell for sure. But if they were that serious about making this trip, then I certainly did not want to ruin their fun. So that's how I was talked into accompanying Andrea and Jean. I learned that we would be going to the Lake Davy Crockett Campground.

The first thing I did was find a backpack and head for my room where I stuffed it with spare clothing and other odds and ends. We were going camping, so I only needed the bare essentials. When that was done, I lowered my eyes to look down at what I was presently wearing. If we were going to be hiking through trails and walking around a lot, I figured I had better change into something more comfortable.

I immediately peeled down my jeans and threw them on the bed. Standing there in my panties, I was reminded of how close I might have come to losing these outside. And it would have been on my front lawn, too, possibly in front of my neighbors! I felt myself getting flustered and fanned my face with a hand. Then I looked around for a better pair of shorts.

A while ago I bought a pair of khakis that I thought would be rather nice. Pulling them out of my dresser, I realized I had not worn them very much. They were practically still new. And as I slid them up my legs, found it was a snug fit. The shorts came down to the tops of my thighs, and hugged my rear tightly, leaving little to the imagination. The cuffs were rolled up, which looked kind of cute. Checking myself in the mirror, I thought I looked like I was ready to go on safari.

"Hurry up, Jenna!" I heard the girls call after me impatiently.

So I grabbed the backpack, glancing in the bedroom mirror one last time. My hair was in a tight ponytail, which flew behind me as I ran out into the hallway. Then I took my house keys and joined Andrea and Jean outside. I clutched the straps of the pack with both hands, as the girls stood on either side of me.

"Those are cute shorts," Andrea commented.

She then moved behind me and cupped my bottom fully in her hands! She gave my cheeks a good squeeze, causing me to stand up on my toes.

"Hey!" I squealed, and then looked down at the ground.

In my rush to get out of the house, I had forgotten to put shoes on! I had been wearing sneakers that I kicked off before changing. But I didn't have time to find a proper pair of boots. Of course, it was warm out, so my feet weren't cold. And it wasn't until I was standing on the front lawn that I noticed my mistake.

"Um," I started to say bashfully, "I should run back inside and find some better shoes…"

Jean however shook her head. "No way, Jenna. We are ready to leave, and you are coming with us as you are! It's a good thing you didn't forget your pants! Besides, we are going camping, so it doesn't matter if you are barefoot. It will be more… natural."

With that, she tapped me on the tip of my nose as if I was a child. In fact, because I didn't have any shoes on, Jean was as tall as me since she was wearing thick-soled boots. Andrea, who was already taller than me, was now really in a dominating position. I just hoped she didn't get into a dominating mood.

The three of us headed over to Andrea's car parked on the street and I was left to crawl into the back seat. The girls had the rest of their camping equipment back here, but there was enough room for me. I felt a little embarrassed at first, although once we hit the open road, things seemed to be going well.

It was a pleasant drive, and again, such a lovely day. With the window rolled down, I enjoyed the rushing wind in my face. I was starting to think this was a great idea. We were having a good time, and before long, we arrived on the campgrounds. Now I was a little reluctant to get out of the car because I wasn't wearing any shoes. But Andrea had to register with the Ranger's office, and no one really noticed me.

Soon, we had our packs and gear and set off to find a spot to put up our tent. Along the trail, we passed a couple of guys who looked like they were college aged. I must have blushed when they checked out the length of my bare legs all the way down to my bare toes. Sneaking a glance over my shoulder, I saw that they had turned their heads as well to look at my rear.

Of course, Jean and Andrea were dressed in little denim shorts and also looked very sexy. I suppose three young women hiking out in the woods was a pretty appealing sight. Hopefully it would be safe.

Well, by the time we reached the clearing, we were all giggling and teasing each other. Andrea rolled out the tent, and I was kneeling on the ground to get a better look at how this thing was assembled. Somehow, between the three of us, we managed to pull the rods and shafts into place and hooked the canvas the right way so that the tent was pitched erect. As I was crawling on my hands and knees through the open flap, I couldn't help wiggling my butt. That got Jean to make another comment about guys pitching a tent, and we all laughed.

The truth was, after the work to get the tent set up, I was getting kind of turned on. I don't know why. Once I crawled the rest of the way inside, I flopped over on my back. It would be pretty crowded in here with the other girls, and we would practically be sleeping on top of one another. I closed my eyes and slowly traced a finger around my bellybutton. Then my hand started to wander… I even unbuttoned my khaki shorts.

Suddenly, Jean bounced into the tent and shook my leg! That was embarrassing, as I almost got caught with my hand down my pants.

"Come on, Jenna," she said. "We're going to take a walk through the trails."

Flustered, I scooted back a little and replied, "Oh, um, OK… just give me a second."

Jean disappeared through the tent flap, which gave me a chance to button my shorts again. I did not want them to fall down or easily slip off, especially with other campers around. When I made myself decent again, I crawled forward and joined my friends outside.

The girls giggled some more as I straightened to a standing position. I asked if I could borrow some shoes for the walk, but they refused me any foot-ware. In a way, this made me feel more childish, both the asking for permission and being denied. Then they led me down one of the trails leading away from our camp spot. I was careful to mark the direction we were going, in case we got lost.

It really was a beautiful day, and I couldn't complain about the pleasant hike. Somehow, being far from home and in the middle of nature like this was very enjoyable. I began to wonder why I had been reluctant to go on the trip in the first place. The trees surrounding us were lovely. We passed a natural rock formation and a little cave. Then we came to a babbling brook. It was more like a stream. Andrea suggested that we try to cross it.

"Let's see what's on the other side!" she said. "I think there are more camp grounds in that direction."

Well, of course, I was selected to test the water. At first, I was afraid that it would be too cold. But to my surprise, I was able to take a few steps into the stream, and it felt nice. There was kind of a clearing here, without much shade, and the rocks under my feet had been warmed by the sun. Now the water rushed over my ankles and calves causing a delightful sensation.

A few further steps away from the bank, and I found that the bottom began to slope much steeper. Soon the water would be rising up to my knees, and it looked like I would be wading at least waist deep before I reached the other side. So I turned around, and walked back to the girls.

"I don't think we will be able to cross here," I explained. "Unless we were going to swim across…"

At that remark, there was a moment of silence between the three of us. Andrea and Jean looked at each other as if they were actually considering. It seemed a hush had fallen over the woods, and I could hear my heart beating faster. Because I knew there was no way we could swim across the river in our clothes. And part of me felt that I did need to cool off a little.

"I am curious to find out what is on the other side," Jean finally spoke up.

The pretty Asian girl crouched down so she could begin untying the laces of her boots. When these were removed, she took off her socks as well. Andrea and I watched as she then poked a toe into the water and then moved a few feet into the stream.

It didn't take long before she came scampering back to us saying, "Oooh… I don't think I can make it! I'm too short. The water will easily come up to my bellybutton."

"What do you think she should do?" Andrea suddenly turned and asked me.

I held my breath in surprise for a second, and then responded, "Well, I guess she should take off her clothes…"

Jean's slanted eyes seemed to open up wide at the suggestion. But then she smiled and giggled. Swinging her head around, her long straight black hair streamed over her shoulder. It seemed like the three of us were alone out here, for now. There was no sign of anyone coming up the trail.

Our friend lowered her hands and looked down shyly as she unbuttoned her denim shorts. Jean pulled the material down her legs and stepped out of them. Hooking her thumbs inside her panties, she was able to peel them down her body as well. She stood before us, blushing, with her hands clasped over her pussy.

"Um… I think I will be able to keep my shirt on," she said, taking a step backward toward the stream.

Even though Jean was the shortest among us, she had large breasts. I found myself thinking what a shame that we would not get to see her boobs come out and play. Now Andrea and I watched as Jean turned around, giving us a full view of her rear bouncing playfully. With a splash, our friend hurried into the water, probably hoping that no one would see her.

Indeed, the level rose up to cover her butt. Soon she was submerged from her stomach down. I started wondering what she was feeling between her legs. Jean hiked up the hem of her shirt a little to keep it from getting wet. In this state, she was able to slowly wade across the width of the stream.

As soon as she reached the bank on the other side and started climbing out, Andrea shook my arm. "Now it's your turn, Jenna!"

"OK," I answered, although I was surprised how I did not even hesitate.

I guess watching Jean had given me more courage. Or maybe it was something else. But my fingers now found the familiar button of my khaki shorts and had them quickly undone. I let the shorts fall down my legs, kicking them off my bare feet. Then, like Jean had done, I hooked my thumbs into the elastic waistband of my panties and tugged them down my hips. I knew Andrea was seeing me from behind, so I wiggled my bare butt as it came into view. Bottomless, I stood before the stream in the clearing.

But I did one more thing.

I proceeded to pull my shirt completely off my body. In the next moment, I reached my hands behind my back to unhook my bra, and tossed this to the ground.

I was totally nude! It felt so liberating to be out here like this. Lifting my hands up to my breasts, I sensed my nipples growing hard in excitement. I glanced over my shoulder to see Andrea smile approvingly. This made me wonder how she would be joining us. Arching up on my toes, I moved forward to slowly enter the water.

When Jean spotted me, she squealed out loud, "Oh my God, Jenna… you took off ALL your clothes!"

I could only grin as I felt the stream rise up my legs, past my knees and thighs, all the way to my tummy as I pushed further ahead. In the middle of the clear running water, I was able to dunk down so I was completely submerged up to my shoulders. My tits seemed to float, and the feeling over my erect nipples was incredible!

Finding a gentle current, I was able to swim around a bit. I was actually skinny-dipping on the campgrounds! This probably was not allowed, but it felt so good! Drifting on my back, the bright sun beamed down on my body. I let the water rush over me, caressing my skin, tickling my pussy.

"Oh!" I gasped "Mmmmm…"

I turned over again and swam some more, with my bare butt sticking out of the water. Pushing my arms out front, I kicked my legs and continued to swim downstream. This was so crazy! I mean, it's normally not like me to just go and take off my clothes in a public place. But here I was, skinny-dipping so close to the camp trails. I decided to change direction and paddle closer to the bank near Jean.

She was sort of standing there, bouncing up on her toes, as she clasped both hands in front of her crotch. The pretty Asian girl looked around and then nodded at me. It was safe to get out. So I stood up, arms at my sides, and began walking forward. Water dripped from my totally nude body. When I stepped onto the grass on the other side of the stream, I shivered a little. But Jean was there to take my hands.

"Did you have fun, Jenna?" she asked.

"I did!" I laughed, and then I lifted my fingers to pinch the hem of her T-shirt. "Maybe you should take this item off, and go for a swim yourself!"

Jean held my wrists firmly and said, "I bet you would enjoy seeing that…"

Then my friend lowered her arm, and touched me on my shaved pussy! I was shocked, sucking in my breath, and letting out a small whimper. She even spread my pink lips apart, so she could tell how wet I was, and not just from the stream. I starting to get close to having an orgasm.

"Looks like skinny-dipping is pretty erotic for you!" Jean commented before withdrawing her hand.

I was now embarrassed again, and had to lower one hand to hide my pubic mound while hugging me breasts with my other arm. Here I was so naked, yet at least Jean was wearing a shirt to keep her boobs covered. We both turned to watch Andrea, waiting for her to swim across and join us.

But first our friend stopped to collect the pile of clothes I had left behind… all my clothes. And then she picked up Jean's shorts and her panties as well. I guess Andrea was going to find a safe place to put them. Jean and I continued to wait expectantly.

Andrea walked up to the opposite bank of the stream, facing us. We both seemed to clutch our hands in anxious anticipation. Our pussies were fully on display. In addition, my tits and nipples were sticking out.

"Well girls," Andrea called out with the bundle of our clothes in our arms, "See you back at camp!"

I looked at Jean, and even her almond shaped eyes were wide in surprise. Our friend must be joking! But all we could do was watch as Andrea headed back down the trail, taking everything I had, and almost everything that belonged to Jean. Again, I looked at her T-shirt with envy.

"Maybe we should go after her," Jean suggested nervously.

We stood there, and I still couldn't believe Andrea had done this. She now had a good head start, and if she was serious, we would likely have to chase her all the way back to the campgrounds. It was a long hike, and I was totally nude. Jean, on the other hand, was only bottomless. The more I thought about this, the more I felt humiliated, but also excited.

Just then, we heard voices, men's voices. We spun around and tried to cover up, me holding one arm across my breasts and keeping my other hand between my legs, while Jean cupped both her hands over her crotch. But the voices weren't coming from this side of the stream. Glancing over my bare shoulder, I could tell there were people coming down the trail.

"I guess we won't be following Andrea any time soon," I said as I started to move behind some bushes.

Jean crouched down in the grass, and looked over at me. "Unless we take a more scenic path back to our campsite…"

"More scenic?" I repeated, while carefully keeping a hand over my shaved pussy. "I really don't want to be seen like this!"

Then we were forced to fall silent as the two other campers came into view. It was a young man, probably about our age, and an older gentleman. They walked along the trail, heading the way Andrea had gone, practically following her footsteps. They passed by the stream, completely unaware of the undressed girls on the other side.

"That was close!" I said, realizing that I had been holding my breath, although my heart was beating faster.

Jean crawled over to me and looked up, "Listen, Jenna… it's obvious that hiking trail is used by a lot of people. We wouldn't make it two minutes before someone saw… every inch of you."

"Yeah, well, they would see your bare bottom, too!" I replied, and folded my arms across my naked breasts.

Now Jean climbed to her feet, brushing off her knees. She turned around again so that she could better scope out the area and get an idea of where we were. Looking at her round ass from this direction, I secretly slipped a finger inside my pussy. This was making me way too horny!

"Come on, nature girl," Jean continued to tease me. "Let's see what happens if we go this way…"

The pretty Asian young woman bravely pushed forward. I supposed she felt more confident because she had a top on. All she had to do was find a towel or something to wrap around her waist, and she would be decent. I crept after her a little more shyly, a little more reluctantly, knowing full well that I had nothing on at all.

This side of the water had more trees, and therefore the woods were denser. There did not appear to be any visible hiking trail. Lots of places to hide, that was for sure, but where were we going? I was afraid of getting lost, and then how would we ever get back to the campsite? But Jean seemed to think this was part of the larger park, and everything eventually connected.

And so we picked our way through the leaves and branches. I am ashamed to say, I had secretly hoped my friend would get her shirt snagged and ripped off, leaving her as naked as me. As it was, anyone could see my nipples were getting harder and harder with each step. Jean however remained very careful, her bare toes touching the earth lightly while she held her arms out in front and walked ahead. A couple of times, the branches swaying behind her tickled my privates, and I gasped. Because I was completely bare down there, I was extra sensitive.

Finally we reached the edge of the tree line. The two of us emerged onto a wide winding dirt path. Out from beneath the canopy of leaves, I looked up to check the position of the sun. It was still warm outside, but the light was going down in the west. At least we knew now that this trail would take us to the east side of the campgrounds, by keeping the sun at our backs. And it wasn't long before we came upon a signpost in the middle of the path that in fact gave very clear directions.

Jean studied the arrows for a minute, standing up on her tip toes so she could see better. I couldn't believe I was standing stark naked out here… right out in the open. My hands darted to cover my boobs and then sank down over my hairless pubic mound, as I tried to hide my nudity.

"Come on, Jean," I whined to my friend. "Which way to we go?"

Turning around, she tapped her chin and then pointed toward a branching trail. "The campgrounds are definitely in that direction."

With that, the pretty Asian young woman began to move forward, her round bare ass wiggling. How could she act so calm running around like this? I looked around for a few seconds, unsure if this was the right thing to do. Finally, I followed after her, with my whole body jiggling.

As we neared the end of the path, we could see the edge of some tents start to form. We walked a little further before I paused. My friend was still creeping forward, bottomless.

"Jean!" I called out. "Jean, I can't just walk in there like this!"

Her sleek black hair whipped around, as she came jogging back to me. She had her fists curled in little fists, arms swinging at her sides, and I could see her sexy trimmed patch of pubic hair.

"What do you want me to do?" she asked. "I thought maybe we could look around for something to wear, or at least cover up with."

I bit my lip in frustration, and finally had to lift both my hands to squeeze my bare breasts. "What if there are people..."

"Fine! You want me to enter the campsite by myself? I hope you appreciate what I'm doing for you." Jean said and stamped her foot on the ground.

Breathing a sigh of relief, I exclaimed, "Oh thank you, thank you!"

In fact, I was so grateful, I had to reach out and give my friend a hug. Our bodies rubbed against each other, and I felt her shirt press against my uncovered tits. Her pubic hair gently brushed and tickled my hairless pussy. Then Jean lowered her arms behind me so she could give my buttocks a good squeeze.

"Oh!" I gasped.

Jean pulled away from our embrace and giggled. "All this just to keep people from seeing your nice round ass!"

I blushed all over, from ears to toes, quickly turning my head as I had a sudden fear that someone might come walking up behind me. In the same motion I slung an arm over my boobs while hiding my crotch with a hand. When my other fingers squeezed my bare shoulder, I was reminded once again of my complete and total nudity.

Meanwhile, Jean had spun around and was scampering back sown the trail toward the campsite. I held my breath, listening over my beating heart to hear how she did. Hopefully she would be all right. I certainly did not want her to get into trouble. Thinking of that, I stepped off to the side, so that I was at least not standing in the middle of the path.

It seemed like forever that I waited out here like this. I was really embarrassed and getting more excited as each minute passed with me not wearing any clothes. Nervously, I continued to bounce on my toes, turning my head this way and that, trying to see any sign of my friend. Deep down, I knew she wouldn't just leave me stranded.

At long last, Jean returned. I watched her emerge back onto the trail, and saw that she was wearing shorts. They were blue, and appeared to hang loose about her hips. It didn't look like they fit well at all. She had to use both her hands to keep the shorts from falling down. It was kind of adorable the way she had her thumbs and fingers hooked into the belt buckle loops. I ran out to meet my friend, without covering up.

"Hee hee," I giggled. "It looks like you have to keep your hands to yourself now, Miss Jean!"

I paraded around naked in front of my friend, even turning my back to her and wiggling my butt. Then I faced her letting everything hang out. My nipples were so hard and sticking straight up. Normally, Jean would take this opportunity to pinch or grab at me.

"Well at least I'm covered up again," Jean reminded me. "Are you going to follow me so we can get some clothes for you?"

Even though I was feeling sexy, I looked down and saw my body getting aroused. "Yeah, I guess we better do that."

I figured since she had managed to find these shorts, it must be pretty safe at the campsite. While I did not like the idea of borrowing other people's clothes, I thought once we returned to our own tent and got dressed properly, then we could bring these items back. So I stepped on my tiptoes behind Jean, just like when we were walking through the woods.

With the curvy young Asian woman in front of me, I did not immediately see the layout of the camp as we left the trail. I was sure she knew where she was going. We must have walked right into the middle of the grounds, with three green tents surrounding us.

Then Jean stopped and said out loud, "Here she is, boys!"

Immediately, I lifted my head and looked around. The tent flaps opened, and out crawled a number of young teenage boys. They must have been scouts, and there were three in each tent! Jean scurried off to the side leaving me standing alone and in shock. Then I watched as three more boys walked from behind one of the trees. A little older, about sixteen, they must have been camp counselors.

Now the twelve campers formed a wide circle around me. I had tried so hard not to get caught running around in the nude this afternoon, but suddenly a dozen boys were getting an eyeful. Both my hands reached up to cover my breasts as I turned in a slow circle. All I could think of was how erect my nipples were right now.

Finally, I called out to my friend, "Jean! How could you trick me like this?"

The pretty Asian young woman threw her head back and giggled. "Well, it was part of the arrangement we made so I could get these shorts to wear."

"You mean you made a deal with these guys?" I asked, remembering to lower a hand so I could cup my shaved pussy.

Jean moved closer to me, but she was still behind the line of campers. "First they wanted me to take off my top, and see me completely naked. But I told them I had a friend waiting just outside who was already bare from head to toe. And I mean really bare! Plus, I told them they could have a little fun with you..."

"What kind of fun?" I asked with my eyes wide, rubbing my toes bashfully behind one leg.

My friend continued to make her rounds through the camp and said, "I guess that depends on how creative these boys are!"

I was desperately trying to hide my boobs and crotch. There was no way I could run, because the campers had me completely surrounded. No matter which way I turned, they all saw my ass. So I decided to stay in one spot and in a position that would allow the most modesty.

But then one of the scouts looking at me said, "Place your hands over your head."

"You have to do what they say," Jean giggled. "That was part of the deal."

This was so embarrassing. But slowly I lifted my arms... all the way to the sky, and then locked my fingers on top of my head. My elbows stuck out to either side, and I kept my ankles together.

"How about you spread your legs a little," another boy suggested.

I didn't want to, but I could already feel myself getting hot. And I just wanted to get this over with. So I moved my feet apart, until my legs were about shoulder width distance. At the same time, I still had my hands on my head. Then I arched up on my bare tip-toes, and that's when the comments started.

"Nice tits!"

"Look at her butt!"

"She is so NAKED!"

"And she sure is smooth..."

I opened my eyes, and found that the scouts had moved closer. Even though there were twelve of them, the boys seemed to be all around me. I turned my head, glancing over a bare shoulder. Some of the campers were kneeling or crouching on the ground so they could get a better view of me. I couldn't stand not being able to hide my nudity! But I think they knew the longer I stayed like this, the more horny I was growing.

One of the scouts looked over at Jean, who was watching all of this with a big grin on her face, and asked, "What should we do with her now?"

"Maybe you could practice some rope-tying skills," my friend suggested, still holding up her loose-fitting shorts.

"Jean!" I squealed in protest.

Immediately I brought my arms down, elbows blocking my naked boobs. I had about enough of this, and was ready to go. But where would I run? As far as I could tell, we were nowhere near our camp site, and I still didn't have any clothes to wear. Thinking of this, I shyly lowered one hand to cover my pussy. But the boys didn't seem to mind my state of confusion as they were suddenly moving about in search of a new activity.

Two of the young men found stakes that they drove into the ground. They were more like large wooden poles. I guessed they used these to hang laundry, or for cooking spits, maybe even putting up tents. But once they pounded them into the earth, each stake stood about five feet high. Some of the other boys were sent off to find some coil.

One of the scouts came up to me, and told me to walk between the two wooden poles. I looked at Jean, but she only giggled and nodded her head that it would be all right. The boy then told me to make sure I walk slowly. I don't know why I do these things, or how I get into such situations. But clasping my hands in front of my crotch, I very slowly moved forward. With a glance behind me, and I saw that the camper simply wanted to enjoy my curvy rear. Even walking slowly, my juicy ass bounced around teasingly.

Once I stood between the two stakes, another scout came up to my side. He told me I was very pretty. And while I was blushing, he gently lifted one arm, and began to tie my wrist to the pole.

"Hey!" I said, startled and shocked.

Before I realized it, one of the boys approached from behind and took my other arm. He pulled this against the other pole, not hurting me at all, but simply started to tie a cord around my wrist. I struggled a little bit, which only caused my boobs to bounce up and down. Now that my arms were separated and spread wide apart, I was completely on display. I felt so humiliated!

"Jean... what's going on?" I tried to look for my friend, to see if she would help me.

The Asian young woman walked up to me, still holding up her own loose-fitting shorts. "I'd say it looks like you are being tied up! And it appears these scouts did a good job with the knots..."

"But why?" I asked, unable to pull my arms away from the wooden poles.

Jean only turned to face the boys and called out, "Who wants to be the first to spank Jenna!"

My eyes went wide, and I danced up on my toes. There was nothing I could do, though, but watch as the young men between the ages of thirteen and sixteen as they slowly formed a line behind me. At least now no one was staring at my full frontal nudity. Instead, they would have a complete unobstructed view of my bare backside.

I held my breath and waited, until I heard footsteps just over my shoulder. Turning my head slightly, I tried to see what was happening. My fingers clenched and toes curled as I prepared for the impact. The first set of hands grabbed my ass and squeezed...

"Oh... ah!" I moaned, having my tender bottom rubbed in public.

And then the spanking started.

SMACK! SMACK!

Two quick slaps on each cheek caused me to jiggle and yelp. Then the boy moved around to the side, in order to let the next scout have his turn.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

This one was hard and fast, and I was starting to get an uncomfortable feeling in my tummy. Like I was building toward an orgasm. I could only imagine that my butt was turning nice and pink. My feet separated, so that my legs were about shoulder-width apart.

SMACK! SMACK!

SMACK! SMACK!

Oh God, they were continuing to spank me, and now the first two boys were watching. The next camper moved behind me and started to rub my ass again. He even slipped a hand between my legs.

"Jean... if they don't stop," I whimpered, "I think I'm going to cum!"

My friend only announced to the handful of campers standing in front, and the line of those still waiting to get their hands on me, "You hear that boys? Lets' see if she can hold out until everybody has their turn!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"Everybody?" I gasped in disbelief, having lost count of how many had spanked me so far.

SMACK! SMACK!

My butt bounced, and my boobs shook around. Each of the scouts who had their turn, could now see how erect my nipples were. I started to buck my hips. It wouldn't be long before I had an embarrassing climax in front of this group.

I stuck my butt out, waiting for the next set of hands that would send me over the edge. Then I wearily raised my head, just in time to see a group of people entering the clearing. There was a line of adults, and it looked like they were going on a hike, led by a woods guide! My immediate thought was to cover myself... only I couldn't lower my arms, as they were tied to the wooden poles!

Glancing over my shoulder, I watched as the dozen boys who had been playing with me suddenly ran!

"Hey... come back here!" I called out. "You have to untie me!"

I struggled a little, and kicked my feet almost like a little girl throwing a tantrum. Except, I was naked, and only ended up wiggling my hips and jiggling my breasts. Staring straight ahead, I saw now that there were thirty people entering the campgrounds! They looked at me and froze in shock. I lowered me eyes, blushing, realizing that they were seeing ALL of me.

Fortunately, Jean was at my side in a flash. Quite literally, as her loose shorts fell down to her feet when she reached up to untie the cords around my wrist. She was now bottomless as her fingers worked the knot. The pretty Asian young woman glanced briefly over at the gathering crowd, who probably did not know what to make of this sight. I certainly didn't want to get taken in by the Park Ranger's office!

"They tied these knots pretty good, huh?" Jean commented as she worked furiously with her fingers.

I licked my lips and said, "Just hurry..."

Finally, my friend was able to loosen the rope enough, so that I could pull my hand free. Now I swung around, bringing my body behind the other pole. I almost felt like a stripper in front of all these people. Had the stake been smooth metal instead of wood, I think I might have started to gyrate my hips and grind my crotch, wrapping my legs around it. Together, Jean and I undid the cords on my other hand, letting them slip to the ground.

Free at last, I stepped to the side and shook out my hands. The ropes had not been too tight, but my arms had been stretched out for what seemed the longest time. All the while, receiving a public spanking, which reminded me to look over my shoulder. My bottom was glowing a nice rosy pink. Then I lifted my head, and my eyes grew wide in amazement.

Jean, who already had the borrowed shorts down around her ankles, now stepped out of them! She turned her head to regard the crowd of people. Then, facing me, she began to pull her shirt up and over her head. This all was happening so fast, even though I felt like we were moving in slow motion. In the next instant, little Jean had tossed away her top and was standing in front of me fully nude.

"Come on, Jenna," she said in explanation. "Follow my lead..."

The pretty Asian girl spun around, at the same time swinging an arm over her big boobs and covering up her landing-strip pubic hair with her other hand. She then began to run forward, letting her sleek black hair stream out behind her. I watched her bouncing butt for a moment, and then realized that she wanted me to do the same.

"Streaker! Streaker!" Jean yelled out as she pushed herself toward the crowd of people.

Following her lead, I cradled my breasts in one arm, while shyly hiding my bald pussy from the strangers watching us.

Someone else picked up on the possibility of this being a public nudity stunt and called out "Streakers! Streakers!"

Now one by one the others began to whistle and cheer, clapping their hands and pointing. Jean and I ran in a circle around the campground, and I was so embarrassed because my bottom was still red from the spanking. The two of us, completely nude, made our way closer to the path that led back to the hiking trails. We had to slip past plenty of playful hands that decided to get a quick feel of our female bodies.

"Oh!" I gasped at being pinched and grabbed.

In front of me, Jean squealed as someone slapped her naked ass. The whole thing was like a blur of grinning faces, outstretched arms and tickling fingers, and then finally leaves and branches once we made it safely onto the path. But we had to keep moving straight ahead! This was it, Jean and I jiggled side by side, running through the park without any clothes!

It was still daylight out and people passing us on the trail sure got an eyeful. There were families and couples and other friends who were hiking. We just ran by them all. I never thought so many people in so short a time would get to see me NAKED! After a while, we stopped covering up so we could pump our arms as our legs carried us quickly through the park.

"Jean, are you sure you know where we are going?" I puffed and asked Jean, with my nipples sticking straight out accusingly.

The pretty Asian young woman had to catch her breath before answering, "Yeah... I think our spot was just around the next bend in the trail."

If we were that close to our tent and camp area, maybe we should have slowed down and entered more carefully. But instead, the two of us continued to jog ahead. We burst into a clearing that seemed familiar, and found ourselves surrounded by more than half a dozen young men and women, about our age.

As Jean and I bashfully tried to cover up our nudity with our hands, there were more cheers and comments. And of all those who were whistling and calling out, the loudest was none other than Andrea.

"Oh you two are precious!" Andrea said as she approached us, laughing so hard. "Went skinny dipping and lost all your clothes! You, too, Jean? How funny!"

We tried to explain, but our friend only took each of us by the hand. In this way, she paraded us by all the strangers enjoying the view of our bouncing breasts and wiggling butts. At least she took us back to our camp and we were able to slip inside the tent.

"Jenna also got spanked," Jean said when the three of us were close together under the canvas.

I was so embarrassed!

"Oh really?" Andrea only asked amused. "Let me have a look."

Although I was humiliated and nearly spent, I moved around so I could lie face down over Andrea's lap. I was stretched out fully nude while she ran a hand down my back and rubbed my bottom.

"Bad Jenna!" Jean giggled.

In response, Andrea started to paddle my behind with her bare hand. But she did it in a way that was playful and felt so good. I brought my fist to my mouth as I squealed beneath her touch, and slowly started grinding my pussy in her lap. I was very sensitive down there, and it did not take me long to orgasm.

At Jean's suggestion, later that night, Andrea made me sleep outside the tent.

And I was not given back my clothes.

THE END 