Mindy at the Mall

Mindy sat by the window of her apartment, waiting. Her friend Ami was coming over to help her with her latest episode of "accidental public nudity". Mindy had come up with a great idea that she wanted to try at the Mall that afternoon. She called her friend Ami, who is an exotic dancer, and completely understands Mindy's compulsion for public nudity. Ami owns a lot of dresses that are made specifically for exotic dancing. Most have Velcro, some have snaps, but all can be pulled completely off from almost any angle! Mindy started to get excited just thinking about it.

At 11 AM, Ami showed up. Ami is a great looking blond, with a very athletic body, medium sized, but ultra firm breasts, and really cute short hair. She's the girl next door... who just happens to take her clothes off for a living! Mindy and Ami hugged hello when Ami came in.

"Hi cutie!" Mindy said. "Thanks for coming!"
"Oh Min, when you told me what you wanted to do, I got excited! I'd love to help you!"
"Did you bring the dresses?" Mindy asked. Ami smiled and ran out to the car, she returned with 3 dresses on hangers.

"This one has velcro sides..." she said, holding it up. It was a pretty black, sleeveless mini dress "It will fall away in two halves when pulled." Mindy took it and looked it over.

"This one has snaps on the sides and in front..." she said, holding up a cute summer dress. "It will fall away in three pieces, and it comes off real easy." 

"And this one has a velcro waist and snap shoulders. The bottom comes off first, then the top can be pulled off."

Mindy looked at it, then decided. "I think I like the summer dress. I want this to look accidental. I think that little number is more my style." Ami smiled. 

"OK!" she handed the dress to Mindy. Mindy quickly took off her tee-shirt and shorts. She had on a really skimpy bra and panty set. 

"Wow!" said Ami. "Nice boobs! I have just the thing!" She ran outside, and returned a moment later with another bra and panty set, in white. "The bra is strapless and has a velcro back, the panties have little snaps on the sides!"

Mindy smiled and quickly took off her underwear. Ami gasped a little. " Oh Mindy, you would make a killing dancing at the club!" 

Mindy smiled, then covered herself with her hands. "Oh, I think I may be just a little too shy for that!" she said. Ami giggled a little and tossed Mindy the underwear. Mindy put the panties on, then the bra. She had some trouble with it though, as Ami is a full 2 sizes smaller in the bust than Mindy. But she eventually got the velcro to hold with a small pin. Then she put the dress on and some sexy black heels, and they drove to the mall.

They entered the food court. It was quite full at this point, as it was almost noon. 

"Wow. There are a lot of people here!" Ami said. "What's your plan?"

"Well, what I though we could do was this. You grab a seat near that railing over there..." she pointed to it. I'll go get a tray of food. I'll walk by you, and stop for a second and lean against the railing. Then you take this..." she handed Ami a 2 foot piece of fishing wire with a fish hook. "... and hook it on my dress. Then I'll step away. The dress will tear off, but it will look to everyone else like I caught it on something."

"Oh wow! Then what?"

"Then I'll act all embarrassed, drop my tray, and run out to the car in my undies!"

"Oh, this is gonna be fantastic!" Ami said. "OK, I'll go get a seat." and Ami went off. Mindy got in line at Subway and ordered a sub and a Sprite. It took a few minutes. Mindy surveyed the crowd. It was mostly high school and college kids, some older people, and a few families. At least 200 people. 

"I'm glad I pinned that bra. I don't think I'd like going topless again in front of a crowd like this!" She thought. She paid for her meal and walked towards Ami. Ami winked at her as she approached. Mindy slowly walked there, pretending to look for a seat. She stopped by the railing in front of Ami and leaned back against it. She waited a few seconds. Her heart was pounding, and she was starting to tremble from being so nervous. Ami hooked the fishhook through the dress, about at Mindy's waist. 

Mindy started to walk away. She took one step and felt the dress pull tight. She took a deep breath and took another step...

There was a quick series of audible "pops" as the snaps all came undone, but also a ripping sound, like velcro. Mindy felt her breasts bounce free from her bra as the dress fell away from her body in pieces. The pin holding the bra on, had become snagged on the dress, and when the dress pulled away, the velcro bra strap released. It dropped off her with the dress. Mindy gasped loudly and dropped her tray. All heads turned. Mindy was mortified! How could this have happened?! She covered her breasts with her hands and started to walk quickly away (she couldn't run in the heels). 

"Min! Min!" called Ami., but Mindy didn't hear her. Mindy was totally flustered at this point, and instead of heading for the door to the parking lot, she started to walk further into the mall, past many stunned shoppers!

"Oh no!" Ami said, and quickly stood up, she started to go after her friend, but then remembered how much that dress and bra cost her, and stopped to retrieve them from the floor.

Meanwhile, Mindy ran-walked into the mall. Her tiny string bikini panties did little to cover her in back, but at least she still had them, she thought. She caught a few glimpses of herself in the reflections of the windows and mirrors that she passed by. 

"Oh God!" she exclaimed, suddenly realizing that she was heading the wrong way! People pointed and gasped and stared. Some made comments like "Nice outfit!" and a few women said things like "Slut!" and "Whore" when they saw her. Mindy turned and headed back in her original direction. Then she saw Ami.

"Ami!" she called, and darted into the Women's restrooms. Ami followed. Mindy went into the large handicapped stall and slouched against the wall. Ami entered.

"Oh man!" Ami said. "That was quite a scene!" 

"I am soooo embarrassed. Can I just have the dress back so we can get out of here?" 

Ami smiled nervously. "I could only get this pice of it..." She said. "The rest got shredded when I tried to free it from the hook." The piece left was just the front of the bottom part. Mindy groaned. 

"What am I gonna wear out of here?" Mindy asked.

"Well..." Ami started. She glanced down at herself. She had on a skimpy summer dress, heels and a thong. "Why don't you take my dress. I'll wear the remains of that one as a bandeau top."

"What about on your bottom?" Mindy asked.

"Well, I have a thong on. That's what I wear on stage, right? I'll be fine." she said and pulled the dress off over her head.

"Oh Ami, thanks so much." Mindy said, and hugged Ami. Mindys large bare breasts pillowed against Ami's. She kissed Ami on the cheek. 

"That's OK sweetie!" Ami said, and kissed Mindy's cheek, very close to her lips. Ami slid her hand around Mindy's waist and down to her fanny. She gave Mindy a playful pinch on the bottom. Mindy gasped.

She started to pull away, when she lost her footing and started to fall (damn high heels!). She reached out and grabbed for Ami, but only got a hold of the dresses. She pulled them from Ami's hand as she fell. She reached back then to brace herself. She put her left hand (and the dresses) out behind her, but the toilet was in the way. Splash! Her right hand hit the floor, but her back hit the handle of the toilet. It flushed.

Now, these mall restroom toilets were the super-industrial type. The vortex of water and suction created in the toilet bowl by the flush caught hold of the dresses and sucked them right out of Mindy's hand and down! It was all over in 3 seconds.

Ami gasped as she watched the last of the dresses go down the drain. Mindy stood back up. She looked at the thong clad Ami, and then at the toilet.

"Oh, that is so not good!" Mindy said. "Now what do we do?"

Ami sighed. "Cover and run!" she said. She crossed her arms over her chest burst out of the stall. Mindy did the same. They quickly made their way to the door of the empty restroom.

"OK. We have to run for it." said Ami. "This is the craziest thing I have ever done!" she said. She actually seemed a little excited. Mindy was scared to death. They opened the door, and walked out into the mall. People were everywhere! The sight of two gorgeous women in panties and high heels tends to draw a crowd! 

Mindy gasped and panicked. She started to go in the wrong direction. Ami went to grab her, uncovering her own right breast as she did. But all she got a hold of was the back of Mindy's panties.

"pop. pop. pop." The snaps gave way as Mindy took another step and lost her last article of clothing. The crowd cheered.

"Ohmygosh!" Mindy said and looked down. She dropped one hand over her neatly trimmed bush and started to walk again. 

"Oh well, to heck with her." Ami said, and kicked her heels off and ran for the exit. 

Mindy was apprehended by Mall security and banned from the mall for life. Ami made it to the car, but without the keys, she was arrested in the parking lot for indecent exposure and fined $500.

Next time, they'll be more careful...

