9 Degrees Of Humiliation
by dazed

9 Degrees Of Humiliation, Part one

The cheerleading squad at the popular high school had a long-standing initiation for the newest member. To be fully accepted, she must endure a humiliating task assigned by each member of the squad. Being a level 1, smaller school, the cheerleading squad consisted of 10 girls total.

Holly was thrilled to be have chosen to replace a graduating senior, but also a little apprehensive at the tasks that awaited her. The last thing she wanted was to be shunned or disliked by the other girls because she refused an initiation.

Task one and two, Brooke and Madison

She was putting her books in her locker when Madison and Brooke, two cheerleaders, came up to her.

“We are going to double on your assignment, which is good for you, because when we are finished you will only have seven more to complete,” Madison giggled. “I hope you don’t have a date tonight. If you do, cancel it. Brooke and I will be by to pick you up at 7pm.”

Holly watched the two girls walk away giggling to themselves and realized it must be something horribly awful they were going to make her do. It was Friday evening and as luck would have it, Holly did not have a date. Her boyfriend was out of town and being 17, her parents limited her dating time anyway.

Holly paced the floor of her bedroom nervously as she watched the clock. A few moments before 7, a car pulled up and blew its horn. Madison had just gotten her license and loved bragging about being able to drive. Holly strolled down the steps, promised her mom she would be home by 11 pm, and strolled out to waiting car. Madison had the speakers blaring some crazy music as the girls drove around town for a bit, but then Madison drove to the cemetery at the edge of town. It had a paved road around and through it. Suddenly Madison stopped the car and turned off the engine.

“OK, here is my task for you,” Madison quipped. “Strip!” she barked as she peered through the rear-view mirror at Holly.

“Wh..what?” Holly murmured. “You want me to undress here?”

“Yes, everything, underwear too and hand them to Brooke. She will put them in a plastic bag and hold them up here till you pass, If you pass,” Madison beamed.

Holly blushed as she reached down and loosed her sneakers, slipped them and her socks off and handed them to Brooke. Next came the top, then the jeans. Holly felt foolish setting in the back of the car in only her bra and panties but felt even more foolish when she reached behind her and unclasped the bra, letting it fall into her hands. The ivory skin of her c- cup tits seemed to stand out in the darkness of the car. Handing the bra to Brooke, she slipped her fingers into the elastic bands of her panties and slid them down her legs, sheepishly handing them to Brooke, who accepted them with an impish smile as she dropped them into the bag. She was now sitting in the back seat of the car completely naked.

“Your first task will consist of you walking around the cemetery buck naked. We will drive around the circle and park at the gate. It should only take you about twenty minutes to walk it. Now get out!” Madison barked.

“No, please. Its’ so creepy here, and I’m naked. Can’t we do something else?” Holly pleaded.

Brooke and Madison looked at each other. “First task and she’s a pussy. Guess you can forget the fellowship of the squad,” Brooke scoffed. “We will shun your ass girl,” she growled as Madison reached for the key to start the car.

“No, no. I want that, I really do,” Holly replied nervously as she slowly opened the back door and slipped out into the night air. She watched helplessly as the car pulled off, Madison and Brooke waving bye bye out the front windows and laughing sarcastically.

Holly cupped one hand over her tits, and the other over her exposed pussy and began the slow, degrading walk around the concrete road. One each side, graves and Mausoleums stretched skyward, making Holly’s body break out in goose bumps.

The eerie quiet, plus the fact that she was out here totally naked was the worst feeling Holly had ever experienced. Suddenly, from behind a tomb stone a flash lit up the night. Holly shrieked in terror, until she heard the familiar laughter of Madison.

“Wanted to get a picture, you know for a keepsake,” Madison laughed. “Now, hands on your head,” She barked.

Holly reluctantly let her hands leave her body and slowly lifted them until they rested on her head. She stood there shamefully as Madison took picture after picture, even making her turn around so she could get a shot of her bare ass.

“See you at the car,” Madison giggled as she took off into the darkness.

The trek seemed to take hours, but it was less than a half hour. She sighed when the car came into view and headed to the back door. She was about to open it when Brooke exited and walked up to her.

“No, no. It’s my turn now,” She remarked with a sly grin on her face. “See that bench?” Brooke remarked as she pointed to a brown bench at the edge of the road. “Go sit on it!”

Holly swallowed hard as she wandered what Brooke had in store. She slowly walked to the bench and sat down on it. The wooden slats were cold on her bottom, and a light dew had collected on it.

“Eww, it’s wet,” Holly snarled as Brooke and Madison walked up to her.

“It’s going to get even wetter,” Brooke remarked as the two girls snickered. “For my task, I want you to spread your legs and masturbate right here on the bench. No fake shit either bitch. You better make yourself cum, or we leave your naked ass here and drive off!”

“You can’t be serious! What if someone comes? I could be arrested!” Holly huffed.

“Then I would get started if I were you,” Brooke sneered.

Holly was nearly in tears as she spread her legs and began the lewd task of playing with herself in of all places, the entrance to the city cemetery. She had never been so humiliated. A few moments and her hand was a blur as it worked herself towards the edge. She was so engrossed in the task, and wanting it over, that she did not notice Brooke and Madison filming the degrading scene.

Finally, her body trembled and shook, and she let out a wailing moan as she came hard. Before she could get back in the car, Madison handed her a towel to sit on. For the next two hours, they drove Holly around town, naked in the back seat. She was finally handed her clothes and allowed to dress. As they pulled up to her house, they reminded her that she would be hearing from the other girls very shortly.


9 degrees of Humiliation, Part 2, another task

The next day at school Holly had to endure the awful reality of pictures and videos of her naked walk of shame the night before being passed around for all to see. The fact that practically everyone had now seen her naked was horrifying, but not as much as the realization that she still had 7 tasks awaiting her.

Her Physical Education class was the last one of the day. They mostly ran laps, exercised, played ball, followed by a required shower. Many of the other cheerleaders were in this class as well, and Holly cringed as she watched them look at her, talking in subdued tones. She knew they were talking about what they were going to make her do.

She was shooting basketball when on of the cheerleaders named Megan approached her. "Don't get in the shower after class. I have a task for you to complete. Wait for me by your locker, completely naked, you know, like you were last night," Megan snickered, confirming that she had seen the naked pics.

As the girls all filed into the locker room, Holly lingered by her locker and slowly undressed, remembering Megan's order to be completely naked. As if on cue, Megan appeared at Holly's locker, along with several other girls, none of which were cheerleaders. Holly gave a look of genuine confusion when Megan handed her a fresh towel, some body lotion, and a red marker.

"Follow me!" Megan barked and the girls that were with her formed a tight circle to ensure Holly could not get away. She was nervous as hell as Megan led her out of the girl's locker rooms and into the hallway. With Megan in front, the other girls formed a tight circle to prevent anyone from seeing Holly naked, should someone walk down the hall unexpectedly. Megan led her down the hallway and stopped. Holly gasped as she saw the "Boys" sign on the door. They were at the boys locker rooms.

"This is your task," Megan beamed. "Listen carefully for its twofold. First, you are going to take a shower in the boys locker room, and I am going to be there to film it. Consider me the director of the film. If you don't put on a slutty show for me, not only will you fail your initiation, but I will upload the video to the internet. The boys will not finish their class for another fifteen minutes. That will give you just enough time to shower," Megan continued. "That leads me to the second part."

"When the boys all return, you are going to let them autograph your naked body with the red marker. Don't worry, they won't molest you, I have already went over that with them. You are to leave the writing on your body until tomorrow. At some point after school takes up, I will make your strip naked and inspect your body. If the autographs are still there, you can shower and take them off. If they are not, you will have failed my part of the initiation. Is that clear"" Megan inquired.

Holly acknowledged that she understood, yet her eyes were glued to the sign on the door. She was about to go into the boys locker room at school stark naked. If her parents or family found out, she would die from humiliation.

"Alright, in you go,"Megan barked as she shoved Holly ahead of her and into the room. She had the other girls stationed outside in case anyone came unexpectedly. As Holly made her way through the rows of lockers, with socks strewn on the floor, and jock straps hanging on the locker doors, she blushed from shame at being there.

Once at the showers, Megan told her to get in, lather up and listen for her directions. As Holly adjusted the water to a desirable temperature, she reluctantly stepped inside. Megan was on a chair directly outside the shower, with her cell phone aimed at Holly's naked form.

"Hello everybody," Megan spoke into the speaker of her phone. "Today we are in the boys locker room at school with slut Holly." As she spoke those words she aimed the phone at Holly. "Wave to everyone dear," Megan ordered. Holly wanted to die as she sheepishly stood under the water and waved at the camera.

"Holly gets so turned on from the idea of taking a shower in the boys locker rooms. Watch her play with her tits as she thinks about the boys in there jerking off every day," Megan spoke, and signaled Holly to lather her boobs and start rubbing them.

Holly could barely look at the camera as she lathered up her C-cup breasts and began squeezing and playing with them.

"Look at the little slut. I bet those nipples are rock hard," Megan sneered as she zoomed the camera lens in for a close up of Holly's tits. Sure enough, Holly's nipples jutted out like tiny rockets as Megan laughed her to scorn.

"Now, don't neglect the most important part of cleansing. Wash that pussy good," Megan barked. Holly's face turned crimson as she soaped up her crotch and began rubbing it while the camera caught the action.

"We don't have much time,"Megan announced. "Turn around and wash that dirty ass of yours!" she growled.

Like an obedient slave, Holly turned around to where her bare ass was facing the camera and began washing herself. What should have been a private moment, was now being filmed for everyone to see.

"Twerk bitch!" Megan commanded. "Work that slutty ass for everyone to see!"

Holly froze at the lewd command. "Do it!" Megan barked again. Holly began moving her body in a sensual motion. It took her a few moments to get up to steam to actually try to twerk her ass. All the while she could hear Megan dying laughing. All Holly could think about was how degrading this had to look on film.

"Stick your ass out more," Megan cackled as she filmed Holly's wild ass movements. The camera lens zoomed in to Holly's butt crack, and Megan adjusted it to where Holly's ass filled the entire screen.

"Oh my god, you are such a slut," Megan laughed as she filmed Holly in all her degraded glory.

Finally, one of the girls yelled in through the door that the boys were coming back. "OK, slut. Time to get out and dry yourself for the boys," Megan announced.

Holly had just finished drying herself when the sound of the boys filing in were heard. The excited voices made their way directly to where Holly stood. Megan grabbed her towel and Holly gasped as she stood bare ass naked before dozens of boys. She instinctively moved to cover her tits and pussy, but was stopped by Megan, who made her put her hands on her head.

Holly blushed in shame as the guys all formed a circle around her ogling every inch of her naked body. "This is what a real cheerleader does for her team. Motivates them!" Megan shouted from in front of Holly as she reached for the red marker.

"Here ya go guys, step right up. Her naked body is your canvas. Write anywhere you want, " Megan beamed.

Holly blushed in shame as the boys wrote everywhere. On her tits, her ass, her stomach, her legs. They signed their names, and made sexual graphics, laughing and snapping pictures of themselves with the embarrassed naked girl.

Finally, the warning bell rang and they had to break it up while Megan led Holly back to the girl's locker to get dressed. Later that night, Megan and all her girl friends watched the video of Holly's naked shower twerk and laughed their asses off, especially when Megan slowed the speed down to make Holly's ass cheeks jiggle slowly.

The next morning, Holly showered, careful not to erase the markings on her body. She dressed in a slip over shirt and jeans as she knew Megan was going to make her strip at school. Sure enough at the 9am break, Megan sent word for Holly to come to the girl's rest room upstairs. Megan was waiting with a half dozen girls. Megan motioned for Holly to join her in one of the stalls.

"Strip!" Megan hissed.

Holly knew the rest room would be busy with girls coming and going, so she quickly peeled off her clothes until she once again stood naked before Megan. Megan had Holly circle a few times slowly as she read the writings and laughed.

"Alright. You passed. Six more to go. Good luck!" Megan remarked as she flung the door open, letting everyone in the bathroom see Holly butt naked. She dressed very quickly, and later that day when it came time to shower, she intentionally got one away from the other girls. She scrubbed and scrubbed until she finally got all the markings from her body.

She wished the ordeal was over as she pondered what the other six tasks would be like.


9 Degrees of Humiliation: Lisa Torments Holly

After the humiliating ordeal with Megan, Holly didn’t think things could get much worse for her. She was wrong.

Holly was headed out the school doors for home when, Lisa, another cheerleader blocked her path.

“I have something for you to wear tomorrow for my task, “ Lisa grinned as she reached Holly a plastic grocery bag with items inside.

“Don’t open it till you get home. Read the instructions carefully. You mess up and I will vote no on your acceptance,” Lisa threatened.

Holly’s mind was a whirl all the way home, wandering what the bag held. Inside her bedroom she poured out the contents into her bed, and stared in disbelief at what Lisa had came up with.

Strewn over her bed were four small plastic bottles of water and an adult size diaper. Holly picked the accompanying note up and carefully read it.

The note was very specific. Holly was to wear no panties to school the following day. Instead, she was to wear the diaper under her skirt. She must also consume the four bottles of water, in addition to anything else, before the final class period had begun. Each bottle was to be drank in the Lisa’s presence for confirmation.

At no point during the day could she pee in the girls restroom. The task was to wear the diaper all day, regardless of need. No exceptions. If she was spotted on a toilet, she would fail. To add to her humiliation, there would be periodic inspections through the day to ensure the diaper was on.

The following morning Holly reluctantly pulled the diaper up her legs. It fit snug. Once her skirt was on, she checked in the mirror to make sure no one could tell it was under there. The only danger would be in bending over, so she would constantly remind herself.

The morning was non eventful until the 9am bell rang. The halls were full and Holly didn’t see Lisa and the other cheerleaders come up from behind her. In one swoop her skirt was pulled up and the diaper came into view. Everyone laughed and pointed. Holly was petrified as she tried desperately to lower her skirt but the girls kept it up.

“Drink your first bottle of water and I will lower your skirt, “ Lisa beamed.

Holly reached in her back pack and hurriedly chugged the water down. She breathed a sigh of relief when her skirt was released. Too bad half the school already knew Holly was wearing a diaper.

An hour later, Lisa cornered Holly again and made her drink the second bottle that was now stuffed in her locker. It was barely mid morning, but Holly could already feel the need for relief building. She tried to block it out of her mind.

During lunch, Lisa sat right beside Holly and made her pull up her skirt under the table and leave it there while she ate. Lisa grinned when she saw Holly begin to squirm uncomfortably in the seat.

“You look uncomfortable dear. Are you alright? “ Lisa whispered in jest as she peered down at the visible diaper poking out between Holly’s legs.

“I…need to pee. Let me go to the toilet, please, “ Holly whispered.

Lisa’s boisterous laughs drew stares Holly didn’t want.

“Why are you telling me? I didn’t say you couldn’t pee, I said you were not allowed to use the toilet. What do you think a diaper is for little girl? “ Lisa teased.

“I can’t… I won’t," Holly shot back in a low voice.

“Suit yourself dear. I think you should take that third bottle of water now,” Lisa replied with a devilish grin.

Holly was in pure misery as she chugged the third bottle of water down. The soda she had for lunch was only making her situation all the more desperate.

Holly tapped her feet in sheer desperation as she watched the clock for the afternoon break. She was going to wet herself but wanted to do it somewhere private. The bell finally rang and Holly scurried down the hall in hopes of making it to the back stairs for a little privacy. She could pull her diaper aside and pee on the ground. No one would Know.

Just as she reached for the door handle, a hand pulled her back inside. It was Lisa and the other cheerleaders. Holly froze in panic.

“I’ve been hunting you. Time to drink your last bottle, “ Lisa quipped.

“I…. I can’t, “Holly protested, but it was too late. One of the girls had already gotten it from Holly’s locker, which Lisa made her keep unlocked.

The girls pinned her hands behind her back and Lisa began pouring the water down Holly. At the same instant Holly began wetting her diaper uncontrollably. It was coming out in torrents, leaking out the side and down her legs.

“Oh my God, she’s peeing! “ one of the girls blurted out, pointing to the stream flowing down each leg as Holly wept in shame.

“EWWWW” You nasty girl, Lisa scolded. “Wetting yourself like a baby. You should be ashamed.”

The girls then pinned Holly’s hand behind her back, lifted her skirt way up high and paraded her down the halls showing everyone her soaked diaper. She was never so humiliated in her life.

Finally, Holly was allowed to dispose of the soiled diaper, but had to spend the rest of the day bottomless. She was never so happy to hear the dismissal bell, but wandered what else she would have to endure before her initiations were done.


