Sam Needs To Expose Her Pussy
by Sandra_Wild

Sam finds creative ways to expose her body at the airport.

Now Sam was blessed with a breathtaking body - and one she was not afraid to show off. Bars or clubs, of course, would have been the obvious choice - but they were boring.

Bad lighting, Sam, usually complained, and too many drunk folks looking to party. That's too... normal, if that makes any sense. No, Sam always looked for more. Less obvious choices, for example. Like - the airport.

Flying into New York on a cold winter's day, Sam arrived at the airport wearing a thick winter coat. The winter coat hid her actual outfit: a barely-there tube top and an even smaller mini skirt made from elastic material.

Now, Sam's tiny slim body should not stretch out a tube top or a mini skirt too much - unless they were deliberately bought what seemed to be multiple sizes too small.

God knows where a girl as slim and short as Sam found something to wear that's actually significantly too small. Once she had checked in, she found the line for security - and wow was it a long line.

It was one of those long lines where you do the zig-zag - back and forth you slowly move over the course of nearly an hour until it's your turn to walk through the x-ray machine or to be patted down. Yep - Sam looked forward to this part.

But she also looked forward to standing in line. Right when arriving there she found herself surrounded by what felt like hundreds of people. Feigning to be too warm, she stripped off her coat, to hang it over her little pink suitcase.

Sam's smooth black skin was the perfect contrast to what she wore under the coat: both the skirt and the tube top were made from a light pink material - and stretched as those two pieces of garment wore, they were close to being see-through.

That seemed to be especially true for the top, that did a quite poor job at concealing Sam's little pokies. Now her tits were barely an A-cup - but her nipples stood at proud attention, accentuated by the piercings in them.

If somebody looked closely (oh whom are we kidding, even at first glance) it was quite obvious that Sam wore nothing underneath: Not even half an inch of fabric was north of Sam's nipples, and the material stretched so thinly that her dark, erect nipples were perfectly obvious to everybody who cared to look.

Now, while her beautiful pussy was not (yet) uncovered, there was no room for error either: No material shone through the see-through skirt that barely covered her pussy and left a tiny bit of ass cheek uncovered in the back.

Yes, if somebody would have just slightly bent down, they would have had a primetime view of Sam's pussy already. And boy did she enjoy the attention - the firecracker knew of course that everybody's eyes were resting on her fit little body. As she slowly moved through the line, she noticed joyfully that people stared. Oh, were they in for a show. As she slowly but deliberately shuffled forward, two things started to happen: Her top started to move a little bit further down, and her skirt started to move a little bit up. Not enough yet to reveal something of interest, but - she was just two- or three-minutes in.

And it only took five more until she was quite satisfied to be on show: both her nipples had escaped her top, resting proudly right above the thin material. She did not even need to glance down at her own body, the looks on the faces of the people around her told her everything she needed to know: Yes, she was on show.

And the slight breeze she felt on her tingling pussy told her: Yes, nothing uncovered anymore. Good.

Sam always considered her body to be public property. Why not? Nothing should be hidden from the world. So, obviously, she had to bend down to take some things out of her suitcase. First, she bent over, keeping her legs straight.

Starting to fidget with the lock of the suitcase, she took her time wiggling her behind back and forth, making sure people would not only get a good view of her wet pussy, but also her tiny asshole.

Yes, she was hoping - wet as she was, her pussy might gape ever so slightly. The pink of her inner folds would be the perfect contrast to her black skin.

Sighing exaggeratingly, she seemed to be unsatisfied with her suitcase situation. Seemingly not being able to open it in this position, she squatted down to take care of it. Spreading her legs wide in the process she now was a hundred percent sure: the pink of her pussy would be more than obvious to everyone around her.

Finally, she found what she was looking for - her headphones! Putting them into her ears smiling, she got back up and moved a little bit further down the line. Of course, the whole commotion had caused her skirt to ride up all the way, exposing her butt and pussy perfectly.

Taking out her phone, she plugged in her headphones. Oh my goooood, Sam exclaimed far too loudly, drawing even more attention to her exposed little body, her nipples still proudly on display. But that was not even what caused all the attention around her.

No, she decided to have a little fun. Seemingly by accident, she had not opened the Spotify app, but her personal photo folder.

And of course - what else would the photos and videos therein show but her naked body. Naked, spread-eagle, cunt gaping open, filled with cum. The usual, really. Sam acted scared and nervous - oh god what is happening, how do I make it go away.

Yes, she made sure to put on quite a performance. Surrounded by dozens and dozens of people, she acted like she tried to make the nightmare stop: tapping on her phone seemingly panicking, she did not manage to close the app. Instead, she just scrolled through the pictures and videos that appeared on the screen.

One after the other - they became more and more explicit. And as she noticed happily: Yes, people did take notice. I mean, it was probably hard to decide - should they focus on her naked pussy? on her exposed nipples? or on the pictures of her getting gangbanged?

Or on the video where she stands in a bar, giving the cameraman a thumbs up, with a beer bottle in her cunt? Or the picture of her standing on a balcony - naked, waving at the people in the street? Tough choice.

It took her a few minutes to reclaim what was left of her composure - and to finally close the photo and video app. Letting out an exaggerated sigh she feigned innocence. Poor Sam - of course she had never meant any of this to happen.

Just as she never meant for her tiny skirt to ride up all the way exposing her delicious cunt. And just as she never meant to become so wet from this whole spectacle, that her cunt was now not only exposed, but glistering with her juices.

The line moved slowly - and Sam became hornier by the minute. People were standing just a few inches from her, sometimes blocking her body from looks, but at every turn she marveled at all the eyes that were resting on her.

Yes, that was one of the advantages of her body type: Her tiny tits were so easy to expose and her pointy black nipples such a sight to behold. But the best was still to happen: the scanner at the security line.

When it was finally Sam's turn to go through security, she lifted her suitcase on the conveyer belt with one swift motion. She had not packed much, just a few selected sex toys and two little dresses.

Next it was of course time to take off her shoes. And that was a great chance to move around - lifting one leg at a time, she made sure to spread them as wide as she could.

Now that she was at the conveyer belt, her body also was not shielded off by the crowd anymore, so she knew: Anybody who cared to look would get an amazing shot of her wet pussy.

Walking through the security scanner she felt wonderfully naked - with both her pussy and her tits on perfect display, she wondered if the security guard would stop her. In her dream, they would arrest her and take turns raping her - over and over again violating her lithe little body.

But none of this happened. Instead, the whole crew just ogled her naked body as she walked through. Not a single inch of her most private places was covered - and nobody stopped her.

Overly excited she knew - she had still a bit of time to kill before her flight. Wandering around aimlessly at the airport, Sam had one more idea. An unplanned one even. Was it too much? She didn't know. But it felt so right.

Again, her phone would be her best friend, as it helped her act like she is in her own little world - the perfect plot device to be extra careless. Stopping in front of the restrooms, she pulled out a little bag from her suitcase.

Her headphones in her ears again, and her eyes firmly fixed on her phone, Sam strolled quickly into the restroom - the men's restroom. Her pussy and tits perfectly exposed, all eyes were on her, of course.

Sam, however, once more faked ignorance. Fully focused on her phone she strolled through the messy, unkept restroom. Thankfully she immediately found one empty stall, that she immediately occupied. Finally able to fully look up from her phone (and to take out her earphones) she heard the murmuring of the men outside who wondered what just happened?

Was there really just a nearly naked black firecracker waltzing into the men's' room? Well, in a moment they would be much more convinced of what they saw.

Now see, there was one feature of airport restrooms Sam always loved: The doors don't provide too much privacy. Not just that there was a gap between the door and the wall of nearly two inches, there was an even bigger gap underneath the door.

If Sam would have had to guess, the gap was more than knee-high. Perfect. Absolutely perfect. She had one hour to kill before boarding would start, and she had just the right way of doing so.

She... plopped down. No, not on the toilet seat - but on the floor, right in front of the door. Facing the door, she leaned back and pulled her slim, tones legs up, spreading them wide in the process.

Now, of course she was still in the cubicle, but if anybody would take the freedom to slightly look under the door, they would be rewarded with one hell of a view: Sam's black pussy was on fullest display - the position of her legs spreading her lips open slightly, allowing for the pink to show.

And that was just the start.

What she had brought with her in the little bag was just a few of her toys - an oversized dildo (nobody in their sane mind would ever believe that a dildo this size would fit into the pussy of a girl as slim and tight as Sam) and something for... later.

And Sam was horny - hornier than she has been in a long time. She positioned the fat dildo at her cunt lips and started to shove. In the meantime, every few minutes she heard men gasping outside - that's not what somebody expects when they enter a restroom at the airport.

And of course - most who come in, looked under the door. Either because they heard a soft moaning coming from behind it or just to check whether it's occupied. And those who looked, got quite a show.

After less than a minute Sam had managed to work the oversized dildo deep into her wet cunt, stretching it to its limit. Pushing and pushing she had managed to finally feel full, her belly bulging from the enormous intruder.

So, of course she started fucking herself - faster and faster, the sound of it echoing through the restroom. The cold and dirty tiles felt so good against her soft skin, she was in heaven. And what was best: she would never know how many people watched her performance.

She would never know how many would get off to her image. And her performance was not even over yet. After three mind-shattering orgasms (maybe she let out a little scream each time, who knows), she needed a little change.

Wow, I really need to wash up, Sam exclaimed as if she was talking to herself in the privacy of her own home. Stripping off what little she was wearing and leaving it back in the stall, she jammed the door open - the dildo still firmly lodged in her dripping pussy.

There she was - completely naked and exposed in the busy men's' room. All eyes were on her - obviously. More than a dozen men stared as the beautiful, naked, black girl waltzed to the sink and started to wash her face. Looking in the mirror there she feigned surprise: Oh my GOD am I in the wrong room? Oh my god oh my god oh my god, Sam exclaimed! Looking like a deer in the headlight, she took a few moments of feigned shock until she finally started to move - first she moved towards the exit.

For just one quick moment (more she did not dare for fear of being arrested) she ran out to the busy airport itself. Immediately recognizing her mistake, she waltzed back into the men's' room: Oh, silly me! I cannot go out like this! So back to the cubicle she went, not bothering to close it behind her.

Acting as if there was some privacy, she toyed with the dildo just a few more times, before she finally took it out of her now gaping cunt. Wow, look at me - all gaping and wet and oh my god. Yeah, she again acted as if she didn't know how exposed she was.

Hesitantly, she finally put her clothing back on, in the process even hiding her pussy for the time being. Her top, however, she barely bothered to pull all the way down, leaving both of her nipples exposed.

Keeping the dildo in her hand - Sam's performance was over, as she strolled out of the bathroom stall full of shocked - and horny - men.

Wow - Sam was on fire. She was dripping, literally. And the nature of her skirt made sure, that within a few minutes of her walking around, her beautiful pussy was exposed again, to the great excitement of both herself and everybody who came her way.

She spent the next 20 minutes just strolling around, enjoying the knowledge, that her body was completely exposed to the world around her.

Letting out a sigh, she noticed it was soon time for boarding - in around five minutes they would be making the announcement. Now, Sam could have afforded to fly business class, but she preferred being in the middle of the crowd. O

kay, time for the last preparations. With only a few minutes to spare, Sam practically ran to the restroom, this time the women's' one - there was no time to waste!

See, Sam had one more surprise. She wanted to use this three-hour flight to be as exposed as humanly possible. Yeah, the skirt and top would already make sure that her perky tits, tiny as they were, and her pretty pussy would be perfectly visible. She knew - sitting down, there was practically no way to stay covered for her. The aisle seat would also help her: a good option to spread her legs wide and to give more people a good glimpse. But the thing was - there was one thing she needed.

It was not good enough for her to expose her pussy as it was. She loved the contrast of her pink hole and her black skin. And she loved how much it would draw attention to her complete and utter nakedness.

So before leaving, she had come up with a particular plan. Online she had found somebody nearly as twisted as herself - somebody, who produced custom-made toys for people like Sam - who loved to be a tiny bit special about their exposure.

The construction consisted of two clamps, that were to be attached to Sam's pussy lips. Attached to these small metal clamps was a strong string that pulled into a garter-like ring. It took Sam quite a bit of fumbling to put the whole setup on:

First, she put the garter-like straps on her toned legs. Made from a light lace material, they looked amazing against her dark black skin. Next, she attached the clamps to her wet pussy lips - ouch, that one hurt like hell. But everything seemed to be perfectly in place - the string connecting the garter around her legs to the clamps on her pussy lips was nearly invisible.

What however was perfectly visible like this was her throbbing pussy: The construction pulled strongly on her lips, pulling them to the outside and opening her cunt up like a flower. Walking was challenging to say at least - and quite painful. But she knew the effect this setup had when she sat down (and would spread her legs).

As soon as she even slightly opened her legs, the construction would also pull on her pussy lips, pulling them open and perfectly exposing her pink, tender flesh. Yes, there would be no mistake: Whoever looked at her cunt (and that would be many!) would get quite the spectacular view.

Boarding went over not very excitingly: As Sam strolled down the aisle of the plain, she was halfway covered. Yes, one of her nipples had clearly popped out and those passengers already sitting found themselves at eye level to her exposed pussy.

But the show was just about to begin: Lifting up her suitcase to the overhead compartment, Sam made sure to stretch thoroughly. Tiny as she was, she of course struggled.

So - obviously - she put one of her legs up on the seat to get a better position for lifting the suitcase. This allowed her to expose her stretched out cunt to the two gentleman who had the luxury of sitting next to her.

And they could barely believe their eyes. Not only were they just a few inches from Sam's dripping wet cunt - no, they also saw from their close-up perspective the effect her construction had: Her pussy was spread open, exposing every little nook and fold of her delicate pink flesh.

They were in for a treat, and so was Sam, who felt the cold air-conditioned air of the plane blowing right on her exposed inner lips. Yes - she would have a good time.

The stretching also had caused her top to slip down all the way, fully exposing Sam's tiny tits with their perky, proud nipples. Practically naked, Sam took her sweet time putting the suitcase away, not without taking out her headphones.

Yeah, she would need them again for the flight - it's not like the show was about to stop! No, Sam would take this flight as the perfect opportunity to show off her exposed snatch to anybody who cared to look.

Sam had been lucky - she was among the first people to board the plane. Sitting quite far towards the front, that meant that something like two hundred people would be passing by her. Slowly, of course - as everybody always scrambles to find their place and to put their suitcases away.

That was ample opportunity for Sam to expose her stretched cunt. To make the show extra spectacular, she put up one of her legs - the one facing away from the aisle.

That of course reduced the view the two men next to her had - but they would have more than enough time to explore her charms. For now, it was time to show-off to everybody else. And that she sure did, as she looked down at her exposed snatch with a smile: The clamps attached made a beautiful contrast to her dark, black skin. With the lights reflecting on them, they were bound to draw attention to her pussy lips. And as soon as the attention was there, the pink flesh of her exposed cunt would make sure it stays there.

Excited as Sam was, the wetness of course was more than visible on her stretched cunt. Even her clit was exposed to its fullest - so everybody passing by really had the chance to see every little bit of Sam.

No, nothing was hidden anymore - people would get a view only a lover and a gyn should get. What made Sam even happier? During boarding nobody of the staff would be paying attention to her shenanigans.

That means she did not need to fake being innocent or not to notice. No, she looked at the people passing her by with a smile. And as they explored her nakedness with hungry eyes, Sam's smile just grew wider. After about half of the people had started to file into the plane, the movement became even slower. Somehow the overhead storage just was never enough, it seems. Good.

As one older man was standing right in front of Sam - quite attentively looking at her dripping wet cunt - Sam looked him in the eye and moved her right hand down to her stretched snatch. Without further ado, she jammed three fingers deep inside her.

Wet and loose as her cunt was, there was no resistance at all, as half of her hand just slipped right into her. Giving herself a few quick thrusts, the man got an amazing show. As the crowd started to shift again, Sam pulled out her hand from her completely dripping cunt.

And what a nice side-effect: her already stretched cunt now - at least for a moment - was gaping open nicely, exposing her even more. Shifting in her seat a bit more, she tried to angle her cunt slightly upwards, to make sure everybody got a good look deep inside her.

Yeah, she was as exposed as she could be. In her wildest dreams, Sam would have loved to go so much further. No, all this - it still was not enough.

No, in her wildest dream, she would have sat there differently: Her cunt stretched out completely, ideally by some speculum type of construction. A light directly on her naked cunt - shining deep into her, exposing not just her cunt, but her cervix as well.

Fuck, as Sam got hornier and hornier, even her wildest dreams got worse: Not only her cervix should be exposed. No, no, much more - it should be stretched open. Let people stare right into her womb. Spit into her. Put their nasty, unwashed fingers deep into her open womb. Use her womb as a urinal, as a trash bin.

Yeah - she was in the zone. That would be an interesting flight! And she felt the urge to use the bathroom sometime soon…
