Underwearless

My Husband just read my first post from last night and said I'm a "BIMBO". That being from as he said, I left all the details out. Sorry. 
Any women out here? still wondering if any others started going PL in their 30's.
No - that night wasn't the first time I went braless or Pantyless. Going out braless happened semi-regularly and still does. Going out pantyless happened occationally. It was the first time I ever went out to such an engagement in such a state of dress. The dress didn't make me look slutty but very elegant in a sence. Finding out later that he paid over a thousand dollars for it after the alterations was a shock. So - we left the house and I'm getting the feel for the heels as it's been a bit of time sence I last wore high heels like that. (He says to let everyone know they had double straps around the ankel) We drive about an hour to the hall and get valet parked. The kid opening my door was the first to get a peek that night as I got out of the car. It was lightly raining that night and quite cold. Hubby had the suv warming up in the garage when we left I didn't think of wearing a coat. Being extreamly nervous of my atire kept my mind off most other thoughts. The dress came down to about mid calf length front and rear so getting out of the suv I had the front over my left leg untill my feet touched the ground. Sliding down off the seat trying not to slip when the heels hit I didn't think the dress would come up as far as it did. yes -you guessed it. He saw it. I made like I didn't notice him looking untill we were walking in. I said to hubby "he saw my pussy". My husband just looked at me and smiled. I don't know why but I figured that was probably the only time tonight that would happen. We go thru the main doors and start walking towards one of the bars and everyone is turning and looking as if Jesus himself just arrived. I looked down just to make sure nothing has popped out only to see I have major nipple rise from the cold walk in. It didn't seem that much warmer inside either. We hit the bar and I ask for a sex on the beach from hubby adding "You owe me big time for this".
He comes back w/ my drink and a t-shot that I desperately really needed. I did the shot & said go get another. Soon were walking around talking to his associates and their wives. I got more looks from men that night that any other night in my life. The women either gave me a "WOW you look incredible" look or a "You Slut" look. Nothing in between. Working our way thru the increassingly crowded hall I had to tuck my breasts back into the panel a few times as we squeezed past people. I'm sure some noticed but after several drinks by that time I was less self conscience. So now were finding our table and hubby puts me at the end of the table. I sit down for the first time that night and realize that when seated the lower panel of this dress works its way foward and sort of buckels outward. Nearly fully exposing my breasts. If I lean foward my breasts are literally fully exposed for any and all to see. I tried to push it back towrds my waist but the material would simply just fall foward each time I leaned over the table. I reached behind me to check on the rear exposure only to find skin all the way down to the chair. Surely anyone walking behing me would know I'm not wearing anything. I now know why he put me on the end. Everyone passing was getting the full monty and a tittie show. 
After some time I gave up trying to keep the front panel pushed up against my chest or the table. After catching numerous men checking me out I gave in to the feeling of being desired by all the guys there. After dinner we had a coupe more drinks then the CEO and a couple others made some 'thank you all' announcements before the dancing started. After most already went up we joined the masses on the floor. Seconds into the first dance my breasts are out of the dress on either side. So - I'm trying to dance w/ one hand holding my dress tight and the other holding on to my husband part of the time. Another dance and were off the floor. I sit down and this gentleman comes to our table speaks to my husband then w/ a knod from him the gentleman asks me to dance. I look at my husband in fright/help and he just waives me off saying have fun. On the floor again and as prior my tits are out with in seconds. I played it like I didn't notice at first as the two of us were going back and forth holding hands. two or three songs later and this guys gets tapped out and replaced by another. This song was a bit slower if I recall and somehow I'm turned around w/ my back up against his front as he holds my hands at my sides facing the onlookers on the side of the floor. I look down and again both breasts are out of the dress. I'm buzzing in circles from the drinks and consentrating on not falling @ this point. The song picks up and I'm turned around only to feel his hands on my rear just as the song ended. Another guy starts dancing w/ us and he's spinning me around. I wonder why... I nearly fall twice then tell him I have to sit for some desperately trying to get out of the spotlight. Returning to our table husby isn't there. I'm sitting and turning down one guy after another w/ dance pleas. My husband returns along with a friend and his wife who we knew. The two of us (women) excuse ourselfs to the little girls room. Once there, she asks me if I'm aware of the transparency of my dress. I said kinda, she replies "stay out of bright lights, and stop jiggleing, every part of you is popping out". We return to find the desert and coffee servers coming around to my joy as I'm not going back out on that dance floor again. I finish my drink as the coffee is being poured to see the waiter looking down at my legs. I pull the dress back over my pussy before anyone else see's then push inwards at each exposed breast. I look over to see my husband smiling ear to ear. I lip sink to him "you Owe me Big". It pretty much slowed down from there w/ the two of us on the dance floor for one very slow song after desert. Saying good bye to several after that we were waiting in line outside (freezing) for the valets to bring us out suv. It was windy and the dress blew up several times giving everyone around the last highlights of the night. I'm certain the men around were all praying for that wind to do just that. Hearing one woman behind us say to her husband "she's not wearing any underware" was at that time embarassing. But thinking back it was actually very exciting in perspective. The people waiting for their vehicles likely got one last showing as I was helped up into the seat by the valet. No, my husband purposly allowed the kid to get a feel of my ass instead of helping me himself. 
No- we don't have any photos from that night however I'm sure there are some out there somewhere. His company had two photographers that night taking pictures of everyone. As well as many of the other guests who were taking pictures.

Still looking for women on this forum who as I have have started going w/o on a regular basis who are in their 30's .........
 



 