7-11 dare 
  
By Marie Anne 
     
I have been having correspondence with another person who enjoys exhibiting, and we have been exchanging “dares". The following is of my first dare. 
 
The dare was to go into a gas station or convenience store only wearing a T-shirt, no underwear at all, and the T-shirt was to be only long enough to not quite over my rear. And loose enough that the wind could blow it up if there was any breeze. Once in the shop, I was to ask to use the restroom. If asked why I was dressed as I was, I was told to say that this was a dare and that I was a sex slave. Do to some confusion and added questions on my part, the dare then included my friend Melinda, who was to be my Mistress and control the situation. That situation included that I had to consume a rather large quantity of water so that I really had to pee, and that prior to departing on the dare I had to masturbate, but not to climax, so that I’d be in a mood for the dare. 
 
Also, do to confusion about the shirt I was to wear, Melinda was allowed to choose the shirt or being totally nude. Guess which she chose ... total nude. Also, she was to drop me off a distance from the store and I had to walk there naked. She would go to the store and observe while acting like a customer, and I could not leave the store until after she left. (I think I got it all, so this is what happened) 
 
Melissa thinks doing stuff like this is totally bizarre but she finds it amusing that I get into it, but she thought it was great fun. 
 
First let me say that we went to a 7/11 kind of place, a convenience store (actually called a "circle K", but pretty much the same as 7/11). It is about a 45-minute drive away from the area where we live, but still in "sort of" familiar territory.  We've been to this area before, but not often. The area is on the exclusive side (posh?), rich homes, etc. But there are small "convenience" stores around in the area. It's not all big, rich houses, though, there are "regular" ones and some smaller apartment buildings too. 
 
So, before we left on the 45 or so minute drive she loaded me up with water. In the hour previous to going, I drank at least one quart, if not two, of water. On the way she had me drink more! Before we even got there I felt like I was going to explode. And while driving there she made me be nude in the car. She had me strip at her house before we left and put my clothes in the trunk where I couldn't get at them. And she remembered the part telling me that I had to masturbate but not climax, before going into the store. (She remembers everything...ugh!) 
 
So I had to masturbate in front of her at her house- all the while she is laughing hysterically over the entire situation. And during the drive she had me play with myself, too. 
 
Oh, I forgot to say, that this was in the evening...we arrived to our destination at about 9:30. So after nearly 2 quarts or more of water, and nearly three orgasms, we arrived. 
 
She had me get out of the car about 2 blocks away on the other side of a small park that I had to walk through and then across a small street to the store. She drove away honking the car horn and laughing.(She seems to really enjoy torturing me. 
 
(Un) Luckily the area was quiet and no one appeared to be around. So I started off through the park. About a quarter of the way through the park here come two people walking in my direction. I stopped, startled at first, wondering, "oh oh, what's going to happen?" But I kept walking and the couple and I neared each other. As we got close I saw the girl (the couple was a guy and girl in their 20's or so, not old people anyway)put her hand up to her mouth and say "oh my god". The guy dropped the girls other hand and they both ran the short distance to me, the guy taking off his light jacket as he ran. They came up to me and he attempted to put the jacket on me and they were both saying things like "are you all right, can we help you", stuff like that. (It was nice to see that some people still care and were offering help because they thought I was in trouble.) This sort of embarrassed me, imagine that, and I ended up saying something like "no honestly I'm O.K.". I then sort of explained that I was performing a dare and I was a "sex slave" and this was part of the dare. (That was embarrassing to admit too) After I said that the couple’s attitude changed knowing that I wasn't in trouble and they seemed to get curious and the guy got a sort of "hungry" look about himself. 
 
So I said thanks for your help and started toward the store that I could see ahead of me. Melinda's car was out front, but I couldn’t see her. Also someone just came out of the store and drove away. 
 
After walking a bit I turned and looked back at the couple and they were stopped and looking in my direction.  They must have been looking at my naked ass walking away; they were both astonished.  When they saw I turned they waved. I waved back. I really had to pee bad at this time. I felt like stopping and peeing right there. In fact knowing I had to pee was turning me on. (Thinking back to that incident I had in the restroom at the amusement park, another long story). So I stopped and made myself pee, just a little bit and then stop. That ended up making it feel like I had to pee even more 
 
I then got to the street and looked and no one or any cars were around. I looked back once more and the couple was coming my way. I think they decided to come and watch. I crossed the street and got on the sidewalk and opened the store door. (The building is set right at the sidewalk edge. As I grab the door handle I see Melinda in the store a few aisles away looking toward the door and she saw me. She then smiled big and ducked down. As I open the door and walk in a kid about 12 or 13 (something like that) walks out of an aisle to the cash register. He hears the door open, sees me naked, his mouth drops open and he drops the big cup of soda he is holding. It exploded when it hit the floor and made a big mess. I walk in with the clerk yelling at the kid, the kid staring at me and I hear Melinda laughing somewhere.  The clerk, a guy about 20 or so, turns and looks at me and the clerk’s mouths drop to the floor.  I hurriedly walk up to him and said "can I use your restroom...I got to pee really bad."   Not knowing what to say or how, I guess, the guy just keeps looking and I said it again.... and I really did have to pee...bad!  He just pointed to the corner and I ran there. 
 
When I went in the toilet, my heart was beating a million miles an hour. I sat down and tried to pee but I couldn't go. Finally it started flowing. After what must have been nearly 5 minutes, I was done peeing.  I sat there a little while wondering what they all were thinking out there, and this got me sort of excited, so I began playing with myself there.  It didn't take long and I was near orgasm.  But I didn't finish. I then exited the restroom. The clerk was moping up the soda, the kid was standing there and so were the couple. Melinda was nearby watching too. 
 
They were all looking at me. I didn't know what to do then, because Melinda wasn't leaving and I had to stay in the store as long as she was there. As I just stood there a few seconds, I saw the little kid put his hand in his pants and "arrange" himself and I could see a bulge in the one guy’s jogging suit. Melinda then came up to the cash register with condoms of all things to buy, with a big stupid smile on her face. The clerk said to her “just a minute’” as he continued to not mop the floor. Finally he slopped his mop around a couple of times and went to the cash register. And started to ring up Melinda but still looking at me. Then the kid yells, “hey I was here first.”  The clerk then says sorry to Melinda and asks the kid what he wants. He said “my soda.” But he didn’t have one so he had to go get another. All the while the clerk is looking at me and making Melinda wait. But she didn't care, and I'm sort of just standing there not knowing what to do. So I finally walked down one of the aisles through the store. But still being turned on, as I walked through the store I was fingering myself. It was extremely hard not to let myself go all the way. 
 
I then walked down the next aisle back to the cash register and the guy is ringing up the kid, but he and the kid are looking at me. Then he starts to ring up Melinda but the little kid is still staring as he drinks his big gulp or whatever it was. I was then a bit behind Melinda and she is purposely fumbling around for change. As she was doing this I began again to finger and I no longer wanted to stop my orgasm so I masturbated more vigorously right in front of them all and they all were staring in disbelief or shock or something. I couldn't take it any more and brought myself to climax right there near the checkout stand. 
 
The entire circumstances made the peak the most invigorating that I had ever given myself. Melinda was also looking at me still with that stupid smile of hers. Finally she is done and starts out, looking back at me. The clerk then asks me, not really knowing what to say, “can I help you,” and not really thinking, I replied, "no, I'm still a virgin”. After I said that, I just stood there sort of wondering why I said that. I then said, "sorry" and went toward the door. As I got to the door to open it, the couple came up to me and said, "Would you like to come over to our place?" I was kind of surprised and had to think of an answer and finally said, "ah, no I'm with someone" And they said, "bring them too,” I then said "no, sorry" and opened the door and went out. 
 
I looked for Melinda's car, and she was waiting in the middle of the street. As I approached to get in she drove off around the corner. I thought to myself "you Bitch." She drove to the opposite side of the park and yelled "come on" and honked the horn. So I ran off through the park to where she had stopped. I jumped in the car and my heart was again beating like mad. And she was laughing. And I started laughing too. She then went around the block and went past the front of the store where the couple, kid and clerk were standing. Melinda honked the horn again and I waved out the window at them. They just sort of stood there, and waved back. 
 
As we were driving home...me still naked because the clothes were in the trunk but I didn't care, Melinda said, "OK, you can masturbate now."  I said “oh, ok, yeah” and put my feet up on the dashboard and opened my legs, and did just that. I was still totally slippery and it didn't take long to reach my peak again. And it was great.  My eyes closed as I did it but I opened them to see Melinda watching what I was doing.  Hmmmm.... 
 
We finally got back to her place. I was all done with my dare and tired, but I went in and took a shower. When I came out Melinda was lying on her bed naked and she said, "I want you to watch me". And she proceeded to play with herself. That kind of excited me because that was the first time she ever did that in front of me. After she had finished (which was exciting to see) we just talked about it all and laughed. I then went home, thought about it all some more and had to masturbate myself again. 
 
