Hypnotic Show Off
by AtrueVoyeur

Girl shows off to Hypnotist.

Several years ago we visited an amusement park in Southern California that has a western motif. I'm sure you know which one. We came upon an area that was set up as an old wagon camp and in the center, was a stage. Outside, there was a sign that advertised fun and somewhat naughty hypnotist. My girlfriend was excited as she had never been hypnotized and I thought the whole thing was a crock, but I agreed to go to the show anyway, since it was advertized as being naughty. I had no idea how naughty it would turn out to be!

There were about 100 people or so at this outdoor stage and the first part of the show he tried to hypnotize the whole audience, to get everyone to relax. He started talking slower and slower and having us to concentrate on him alone and then he started spinning a top like thing that the sun reflected off.

So, right off, my girlfriend nodded off and got so completely limp I had to grab her from falling off the bench.

I thought, "Well, what the hell," and pretended to nod off too and leaned on her to keep her from falling, both of us with our eyes closed.

Turns out, what he was doing was seeing who in the audience was acceptable to hypnosis. So, when he woke us all up, he went around and picked about a dozen people to go up on stage. I and my girlfriend were both picked.

He then started to work on hypnotizing just the folks on stage and had a different spinning thing for us to focus on.

The Hypnotist counted down slowly from 20, saying, "Your eyes are getting heavy, you are very sleepy," and similar comments.

Well, my girlfriend went out before he got to 10 and I went ahead and pretended to fall asleep too. But, I kept my eyes sort of open to see what was going on as I slumped in my seat. I could see my girlfriend was out cold, though, for real. About half the people in the seats were out. The Hypnotist then sent the other half back to their seats.

The rest of the show was an exhibition of hypnotic suggestion. Those on stage that were really hypnotized believed the floor was hot, and jumped up and down like their feet were on fire. Later, we believed we were freezing, so we all cuddled up together. I played along, but wasn't really hypnotized.

At one point, the Hypnotist told my girlfriend and another girl, "You are madly in love and want to show it to each other."

They ran over to each other and starting hugging and even kissing (no tongue though) and sort of rubbing each other. That was hot to see. Now, my girlfriend is completely straight, so I was pretty sure she was really hypnotized and out of it.

The rest of the show was more silly stuff, such as we were in a dance contest that required each of us to do a little dance. The crowd was laughing hysterically. My girlfriend was wearing a sun dress and I was wondering if anyone in the front row got to see her panties as she twirled around.

Overall, it was pretty fun and silly and the crowd loved it. He finally woke us all up at the count of ten, saying, "You will remember nothing about what happened but will feel relaxed and happy."

I popped up with the other people and got applause as we headed off.

When we got back to the seats, the show was about selling DVDs or something so I asked my girlfriend, "Do you remember anything?"

She said, "I only remember going up on stage and coming off, so what happened?"

I told her what I remembered, but she really had no clue about anything. It was pretty amazing. I was convinced it was real, especially how she reacted when I told her about the other girl and her being in love.

At this point, we started to file out when the Hypnotist pulled us out of the line and thanked us for helping in the show. He said, "It was rare for a couple to both be so easily hypnotized we were the stars of the show."

He had free DVD's for us. Then he asked. "Do either of you need help with anything, like stopping smoking, losing weight, or sleep problems?"

My girlfriend said. "I could lose a few pounds."

This is not true, as she is in great shape, weighing only about 105 pounds and being a little over five feet, three inches. She is Asian, with long black hair.

The Hypnotist said, "I have a few minutes before the next show, why not come backstage and can help with losing pounds?"
She basically dragged me back there and I was getting a bit tired of the whole thing. Little did I know the show was just about to start.

There were only two seats back there and it was a dark room, with only a couple of lights on. He had us sit down and then he put in this tape that had really spooky kind of music and pulled out a cone like thing that when he turned it and you looked into it, it was really mesmerizing.

The Hypnotist started with me, although I didn't help with anything, but I played along. I actually started to feel drowsy, but surely not hypnotized, but faked it and slumped in my chair. He snapped his fingers at me and clapped his hands, but I didn't react. He was sure I was completely asleep.

He said, "Go into a deep sleep, remember nothing and awake only when I tap you on the shoulder."

I opened my eyes just a bit to peek out as he did the same thing to my girlfriend and she went out for real. He snapped his fingers, clapped, and even sort of pushed her in her chair. No reaction from her.

So, he said, "Awake!"

She opened her eyes with a sort of dreamy look in her eyes. He said, "Tell me your name."

She replied, "Amber."

"Amber," he said, "You will listen and do what I say without hesitation."

She agreed, and then he said, "From now on, when you are eating, you will stop before you feel full, and the sight of sweets will not be tasty to you."

At this point, I was all for the plan and he said, "Amber, do you agree?"

She said, "Yes," in a sleepy voice.

He said, "You will sleep whenever I say midnight and wake only when I say morning."

She drifted off to sleep as ordered and then he came over and checked on me. Once he was sure I was not only hypnotized, but fast asleep, he went back over to my girlfriend.

I was peeking out of my closed eyes so I could see. I watched him go over and wake her up.

He said, "Amber, you are at your gym and it's time to do jumping jacks."

She got up and started doing jumping jacks. It was wild seeing her obey him without question and yet still seem to be slightly asleep. She was really under his spell.

He had her stop the exercise, and then he said, "Amber, you are going to the beach now and need to get into your bikini."

She started acting as if she was putting on a bikini, but he said, "No, your dress is in the way."

I felt my mouth open up in shock, and then without any hesitation, she pulled it up over her head and dropped it!

I was shocked but kept my cool. The Hypnotist quickly looked at me first and then when he saw I didn't react, looked back at her a lot more closely. She was standing here only in her bra and some thong panties, both pink in color, and of course, a matching set.

I felt myself get hard in my pants at the excitement of seeing her like that and not knowing what would happen next

He ordered her to do more jumping jacks, but this time in her underwear. He said, "Amber, there are coins on the ground, pick them up."

She started picking up imaginary coins and as she did that he moved around her to see her from behind. Her thong panties were up her ass crack, so her ass was on display almost naked. I watched him bend over to look closely at her ass as she bent over.

He ordered her to sit down and go back to sleep. At this point, I thought the show was over, but it seemed as if he was thinking about something as he looked at her sitting on the chair in her bra and panties. I could also see that his tuxedo pants he was wearing were being pushed out like a tent in his crotch. Clearly he liked what he was seeing.

It seemed like time had stopped as he was just staring at her and then would look over at me. Both of us appeared to be completely asleep.

Finally, he must have made up his mind, as he woke her up. "Amber," he said, "Stand up."

She obeyed him and was standing up, but with her eyes closed.

He said, "You are at your doctor's office for an examination."


"Holy Shit," was what I was thinking.

She was starting to be agitated, as if she was nervous. And he said, "Just Relax."

The Hypnotist then said, "Amber, take off your bra, as the Doctor needs to examine them."

She reached back and like girls do, unhooked the snap and let the bra fall to the floor. There were her tits, 34B in size and very firm, standing up at attention. Her nipples were hard too and stood out at attention.

He came toward her and gently grabbed a tit with each hand. He started to feel them and squeeze them. This went on for several minutes, as he tweaked her nipples.

It was all I could do not to fall out of my chair, and I think I made some noise. But he seemed to have completely forgotten about me.

After awhile, he said, "Amber, turn around and slowly remove your panties."

She did and pulled them down and stepped out of them. Now she was facing away from the Hypnotist but he was looking down at her naked ass.

He said, "Amber, climb up on the chair so that you are facing away from me, with your knees on the chair."

Even with her eyes closed, she did it, with her knees on the seat of the chair and her hands holding the back. In this pose, her ass was completely exposed as well as the back of her pussy.

He actually got down on his knees so her ass was eye level. He spent some time just looking, and then he reached out and touched both cheeks. She startled a bit, and he said, "Relax, you are with the Doctor."

Her ass is tight, so he used his hands to open the cheeks so he could look at her most intimate spot, her asshole. He got very close and I think he smelled her.

Holding her with one hand, he used the other to explore her ass crack with his fingers, and I could see his fingers must have been touching her asshole.

Then, he moved down and started to massage her pussy. I couldn't tell if he was sticking fingers inside her, but his hand was moving in a way that looked like he was finger fucking her.

I read up on the internet later, that even hypnotized people can remember faces sometimes, so that was probably why she was facing away from him.

At this point, he stood up and reached into his pocket. He took out his cell phone.

He took pictures of her with his cell phone in this pose, then had her get off the chair and had her positioned in different ways as he took pictures of her pussy (she is completely shaved) and her tits and ass.

Finally, he ordered her to "Get on your knees facing me, with your head back and mouth open."

I knew what was going to happen next. He unzipped his pants and took out his hard cock.

He started to stroke himself and it only took a couple. He aimed the head of his cock right at her open mouth.

Streams and streams of cum shot out into her mouth and got onto her chin. I am sure she swallowed some of it, too.

He then rubbed his cock all over her face and I could see he moved up so his balls were on her face.

And then, it got even naughtier, and I was amazed. He pulled down his pants completely, and then with her still on her knees with her head back and mouth open. He backed into her and got into a position so he could rub his ass on her face. He reached back with his hand and forced her head closer to his hairy ass. He said something to her, sounded like "sick."

I focused my eyes, still trying to look like I was asleep. As I focused my eyes, I understood what he said, it was "lick."

I could see by her motion, she was actually licking this guy's asshole. He moved his ass up and down, so her tongue could get the entire length of his ass crack. And it was a giant sized ass, covered with hair.

He took some pictures of her mouth with cum on it, and then wiped up her face with his shirt. He had her get back on the chair, and he rubbed his cock that was not semi-soft on her ass cheeks. I thought he was going to fuck her, but he didn't. Instead, he had her get up and get dressed.

He woke her up after reminding her not to remember anything, then came over and woke me up.

He said to us, "That should handle your weight issues."

As we walked out, she said "I feel really relaxed but don't remember anything that happened after we went in there."

I said, "I don't either." But I had a big smile on my face.

I looked at my watch and we had been in there for just over 30 minutes.

She looked at me, winked, and said, "Actually, I remember a few things!"
