Hannah and Her Master Go Shopping
by Daddy2mylilgirl©


Hannah sat nervously checking her watch every few seconds as she waited for her 
Master to arrive. Her pussy tingled as each second ticked by. She could not wait 
to go shopping with her Master. She wondered what he might have in store for 
her.

As her mind drifted to the thought of being with him in public, she was startled 
back to reality by the knock on the door. As she moved to open it the 
butterflies and excitement built to almost unbearable levels.

"Hello Sir," she meekly got out as her eyes roamed from his handsome face down 
to the floor where they remained as she knew better than to stare at her Master. 


"Hello slut," he calmly returned. As soon as the words left his mouth she felt 
the rush of finally hearing him in person her whole body tingled at the word 
slut which she loved to be called.

"Let's head out." 

He grabbed Hannah's hand changing the tingling that was going through her body 
to an electric current. Her small hand fit easily into his larger stronger grip. 
She kept her eyes cast to the ground as they walked to the bus stop. 

As they took their seats on the bus near the back with him sitting next to the 
window and her sitting on the isle, Hannah began to wonder where they were 
headed.

"Where are we going Shane?" As soon as the words left her mouth she knew she had 
made a mistake and the cold stare from her Master only assured her of that fact.

"I'm sorry. I meant Sir, Sir." Her body tensed waiting for his reaction. She was 
able to relax as his gaze softened and a little smile crept across his lips. 
Phew! 

She started to look around the bus noticing the few people spread throughout the 
seats. Just then she felt the strong grip of her Master's hand on her knee. She 
could feel her skin heat up where he touched her. She hoped the short black 
button-down dress she had on pleased him. She felt her skin warm as his hand 
slid up her thigh. She instantly pushed her legs apart giving her Master easier 
access to the pussy he owned.

She instantly bolted upright when she felt her Master's hand stop and a rush of 
panic and fear shot through her. She realized quickly that she had forgotten to 
take off the panties she had on before he arrived. 

She started to curse herself in her head. Why didn't she remember? The only 
reason she had them on was because the dress was so short she did not want her 
family to see her bottomless under it. Damn it! Why was she so dumb? She only 
hoped her Master wouldn't be TOO mad. She quickly opened her mouth ready to beg 
for her Master's forgiveness but one look at the anger in his eyes caused her to 
snap her mouth shut. Hannah's eyes moved to the ground as she was ashamed of her 
screw up. 

"Dumb slut." He growled at her through his teeth. This only caused Hannah to 
panic more.

His powerful hands moved under her short dress hiking it up exposing her panty 
covered pussy for all to see. Hannah quickly glanced around the bus releasing a 
sigh when she realized no one was looking.

She felt his hands tug at the panties and before she knew it they were down 
around her ankles. He lifted each leg pulling the panties over her black 
stiletto heels. Her dress still laid flipped up and now with her panties gone 
there was nothing to hide her pussy from others. As he lifted the panties off 
her shoes she could see the dampness of the crotch in the black fabric of her 
panties. She began to blush at that fact and the fact that her pussy was getting 
wetter now that it was exposed. 

As she scanned the bus again checking to see if anyone was looking she was 
pleased to see that everyone was busy doing their own thing and had not noticed. 
This made Hannah feel a little more bold so she slide down in the seat a little 
more causing the dress to hike up further. 

As she started to relax she caught a glimpse of some movement in the front of 
the bus. She realized someone was making their way to the back of the bus and 
would have to pass her to get there. She began to pray the person would sit down 
in the seats in front of her but those prayers went unanswered with each closer 
step. 

She looked over at her Master and was about to say something about the 
approaching person when she noticed the evil smile on his face. Her mouth shot 
open but before she could talk he stuffed the crotch of her damp panties into it. 

"Suck them clean and then you can cover up." He whispered in her ear. This 
caused shivers up and down Hannah's body. 

She began to suck tasting her sweet juices on the soft fabric. As the person 
approached she began to slightly close her legs only to have them snapped back 
open by her Master's strong hands. Her eyes nearly popped out of her head as she 
felt her Master slide his hands down her thighs and actually push her pussy lips 
apart exposing her wet hole. Hannah begins to suck harder knowing the stranger 
was only a few steps away. Her most intimate of areas was exposed to the fullest 
now and there would be nothing to stop this person from getting a perfect view. 

She pulled the panties from her mouth handing them to her Sir. 

"Is it clean enough Sir?" She anxiously awaited his response as he purposely 
took his time slowly inspecting the panties for any remaining juices she might 
have missed. 

There was only mere seconds now from the stranger getting a view of a lifetime. 
Sweat started to form on Hannah's forehead and her body flushed with heat as she 
waited for his answer. The one thing not lost on Hannah was the fact that her 
pussy this whole time had just gotten wetter and wetter and she was more turned 
on now than ever.

"You may close them slut." With only a split second to spare Hannah quickly 
snapped her legs together pushing her dress down as the person finally passed 
and took a seat a little ways behind them. 

Hannah sat trying to catch her breath as she glanced over to her Master to see 
his wicked grin on his face. This caused her face to blush heavily.

As the bus reached there stop they both stood up to leave. Hannah reached for 
her panties which were now lying on the seat.

"Leave them," her Master ordered her which caused her face to once again flush 
red with the thought that someone would find her dirty panties.

They spent most of the day shopping and just hanging out with her Master 
occasionally slipping his hand under her dress for a quick rub of her pussy or 
squeeze of her ass.

As the day came to a close they entered a lingerie shop. As they entered a 
mischievous smile crept across her Master's lips and she knew she was in for 
some excitement.

Hannah strolled around the shop picking out items she thought her Master would 
like. As she brought the clothes over to her Master to see, he suggested she try 
them on.

Hannah made her way up to the counter to ask the sales girl if she could try 
these clothes on. As she did she felt a cool breeze hitting her rear end and she 
quickly glanced over to see her Master with his mischievous smile lifting the 
back of her dress to expose her backside. She instantly turned red as her dress 
rose higher. Hannah stumbled through asking the sales girl about trying the 
clothes on. She thankfully could not see what Hannah's Master was doing. She 
took the fitting room key from the girl and headed to the back where the rooms 
were.

As she closed the door to the fitting room behind her Hannah let out a big sigh. 
She began to unbutton her dress pushing it open to expose her small perky tits 
then her flat stomach and finally her bald wet pussy in the mirror. She couldn't 
help running her fingertips over her pussy lips feeling how wet she was for him. 
Only her Master could make her this turned on and she loved every second of it. 
She was startled from her thoughts by a knock on the door.

"Someone's in here," she replied as she puller her dress closed. The door began 
to open to reveal her Master standing there.

"Hello Sir," she quietly said as he stepped into the fitting room with her. She 
realized her dress was still pulled closed and quickly released her grip letting 
it fall open for her Master to see. 

Hannah's eyes were glued to the floor as her Master began to search her body 
with his big strong hands. They roamed over almost every inch of her. They 
started at her small tits rubbing them pinching her nipples. Then they slid down 
over her stomach around back to her ass where he roughly grabbed both her cheeks 
in his hands. Finally his hands moved to the front resting lightly on her 
thighs. She wanted more than anything for him to touch her most private of 
areas. She could feel her juices on her inner thighs from her Master's touch. 

Her pussy begged to be touched. She wanted desperately to grab his hands and 
shove them between her legs but she knew better than to do that.

Finally she felt it. The light touch of his fingertips on her slit then moving 
up to her clit. Her legs weakened and she had to reach out holding on to her 
Master's shoulders to keep from collapsing. He went to work using his fingers to 
both tease her and turn her on more than anyone has before.

A moan escaped her lips as his fingers rubbed up her pussy lips brushing her 
clit then back down. She bit her lower lip as he finally entered her tight wet 
hole. His thick finger pushed past her lips to probe deep into her tight wet 
insides. She put her hands against the mirror and door to brace herself as her 
Master worked his finger in and out of her pussy.

She rolled her head back as he expertly worked his fingers into her cunt. She 
tried her best not to let her moans of pleasure out but it was getting harder 
and harder to keep them contained.

Hannah could feel her orgasm build but without warning his fingers were gone. 
She whimpered as she looked to see what was going on. Before she knew it she 
felt the thick head of his cock push at the entrance to her pussy. She placed 
her foot on the bench in the fitting room to give her Master better access to 
her cunt. He pushed the head of his cock into her tight wet pussy slowly letting 
her stretch to fit around it.

As soon as his whole cock was inside of her he pulled out pushed back in hard 
and began to fuck his slave like the little slut she was. Hannah let out a loud 
moan not caring anymore who heard her. She bucked against her Master's hard cock 
feeling how it filled her.

Her pussy clamped around his dick not wanting to let it go. Her orgasm built and 
she knew it would not be long. 

"May I Sir? Please?"

"Not yet slut," He answered causing Hannah to try her best to suppress the 
oncoming orgasm. She did not think she could hold out for much longer as the 
pleasure from her Master's cock inside her tight pussy was too much.

"Please Sir?!" She pleaded with him. She wanted to cum for him. She needed to 
cum for her Master.

"Cum for me slut."

Once she heard that she relaxed her body and let the orgasm finally win. It hit 
her hard causing her body to jolt as her pussy tightened around his cock. Just 
as the orgasm began to subside she felt her Master's cock explode inside of her 
his hot cum shooting deep into her which triggered a second powerful orgasm. 
Hannah screamed and moaned as her pussy milked her Master's cock of every drop 
of cum it had.

Once done Hannah began buttoning up her dress and her Master stuffed his 
softening cock back into his pants.

They stepped out of the fitting room as the whole store stared at them. Hannah's 
whole body turned crimson while her Master showed only a confident smile. They 
walked past the onlookers as they stood frozen with their mouths open. 

Just before exiting Hannah once again felt the back of her dress being pulled up 
from her Master's hand and knew everyone was getting a good view of the mixture 
of her Master's cum and her pussy juices on her thighs. She just smiled a 
mischievous smile as the door closed behind them. 






