Junior College Girls: Megan
byPigbrain©

This story is about Megan, a typical and normal Singaporean 18 year old schoolgirl. Megan was really just like any other schoolgirl, attending a Junior College in Singapore. She always thought that she was quite pretty, however not stunningly beautiful to make heads turn. She had a petite figure, a height of 150 plus and long jet black hair, which she often tied back in a simple ponytail. She wore contact lenses, and also had a set of white teeth. Like most Asians, her eyes were black in color. She was well-liked among her friends, and was considerably popular in her school. However, something that she was secretly proud of was her breasts, which was of size 30C, which was comparatively larger than most of her friends. Megan hid the fact that she had huge breasts by often wearing loose fitting clothes. Moreover, her blue school uniform was quite baggy as well, which assisted her well in hiding her figure from perverse onlookers.

These past few days of Megan's life have been rather hectic, since the preliminary exams were approaching, and ultimately Megan had to sit for her 'A' Level examinations, just like any other Junior College student in Singapore. The school timetable was flooded with extra revision lectures to cover the syllabus and extra tutorials for integrated time trials and mock examinations. Being a party girl, Megan had to cut down on her clubbing habits and quality time she spent with her friends to keep up with the pace of work and her studies. With the increase in stress due to her studies, Megan also found that she needed to relieve her stress, more often than not, through the course of masturbation. She used to masturbate, only once in a while, when she felt really really horny. Recently, with the stress picking up, she realized that wasn't enough. The orgasms that came with every session released her stress effectively. She needed an orgasm in the morning before school and one before she went to sleep that night.

One morning, Megan woke up late. School started in 45 minutes and she needed half an hour to travel there. She jumped out of bed immediately, put on a set of black underwear and her full blue uniform, grabbed her bag and left her house in a hurry.

Boarding the bus and on the way to school, she realized that she had not had her daily morning masturbation session yet. She cursed and swore at herself in her mind for waking up late. Her pussy was starting to get moist and was screaming in her mind for her fingers' attention. The shaking of the bus didn't help, and every turn the bus made caused her legs to shift underneath her light blue school skirt, causing her friction and made her feel even more hornier. The air con in the bus was also exceptionally cold that morning, causing her nipples to push out against her black bra. She needed her release so badly.

The bus that Megan took managed to reach school early with her having 20 minutes to spare before school actually started. She literally jumped off the bus and tried to rush to the school toilet as fast as possible to get her release. However, when she was almost reaching the toilet, she bumped into her friend, who managed to grab a hold of her before she fell to the floor.

"Hey Megan, are you alright? You look flushed, your face is all red. Or is it that you saw a handsome guy this morning?" Jesselyn teased Megan.

Megan got free of Jesselyn's grip and managed to force out a weak grin and replied,"Nah I'm alright. I'm just on the way to the toilet. I need to pee." She lied, hoping to get free of Jesselyn.

"Hey, can you hold your pee in for a second? I need someone's help to hide Joann's cake in the canteen fridge. Her birthday is today!" Megan, not wanting to spoil her friendship with Jesselyn, agreed and followed through with her plan, succeeding in hiding the cake.

However, by then, the school bell had rung and Megan still felt horny. She struggled to get to the assembly plaza, along with the throng of students heading there as well. The national anthem and pledge taking taking went normally as usual, but not for Megan. She still felt horny between her legs and her pussy was starting to ache, seeking her attention. She was starting to get worried that her panties might soak through. The national anthem and pledge taking seemed to take forever before it finally ended and they were allowed to go for their first lesson.

Megan sat down in the lecture theater and tried to pay attention to the Economics lecture, but her desire was overwhelming. It took almost all her mental power not to rip off her panties and start fingering herself right there and then. When the bell finally rang off again, Megan headed for her Physical Education class, hoping that the physical exertion will ease her desire.

Megan changed her attire and did the usual workouts. She recalled that she shared the same PE session as the guy that she had a crush on. Looking around, she managed catch a glimpse of him. However, this time her thoughts were not on romance, but rather on the thought of him having sex with her. She wondered how long and thick his penis was, how she would feel with his penis in her. Her thoughts made her even more hornier than before. She shrugged those thoughts and tried to focus on her workouts.

Megan recalled that the session after this would be a period of break. She looked forward to the break as this was her opportunity to finally give her pussy some well needed attention.

When the bell finally rang, Megan picked up her bag and bolted to the girls' toilet on the fourth floor, a secluded toilet that was rarely used, where she can finally get her release.

Upon entering the toilet, she immediately dumped her bag on the basin counter and rushed into the nearest cubicle and slammed the door shut. She pulled her PE shorts and underwear down in one quick swipe and sat on the toilet bowl and spread apart her slim white legs. Her pussy was indeed soaking wet. Just by sitting down on the toilet bowl, she saw that her pussy juices have already started to form a small pool between her legs.

Megan used her index finger and plunged it into her pussy. It went in easily as her pussy was already well lubricated. "Oh my..." She moaned as the feeling of her finger in her starving pussy felt so good. She started to pump her index finger into her pussy. She knew she needed more, and slowly added two more fingers, and then she was pumping three fingers into her tight pussy. She tried her best not to scream out in pleasure, and bit onto the collar of her shirt and moaned into it.

Feeling that she was nearing orgasm, with her free hand, Megan reached under her shirt and started to fondle her breasts. She squeezed her breasts and her nipples through her black bra. Then she started to move her hand under her bra and rubbed her nipple. Her nipple was rock hard, and felt as if it wasn't a part of the soft fleshy breast of hers anymore. Every time she rubbed her nipple, that sends her whole body quivering in excitement and pushed her a step closer to excitement.

At the same time, Megan continued to pump her fingers in and out of her pussy. "Mm..." She could feel her orgasm coming any second now. Then, it happened. The first wave or orgasm hit her full on. Megan felt as if she were in heaven as her pussy juices gushed out and she squirted all over her shorts.

Then the second wave of orgasm came. Megan muffled her screams of relief as her back started to arch backwards as the orgasm hit her again. She tightened her grip on her breasts and pumped her pussy furiously. She felt herself almost losing consciousness and she immersed herself in the pleasure of her orgasm.

Then, the last orgasm hit Megan, causing her petite figure to fall onto the floor, which was partly soaked in her pussy juices. She let go of the hem of her shirt and gritted her teeth as wave upon wave of the final orgasm hit her. 

When it was all over, Megan heaved a sigh of relieve. She lied on the floor, soaked in her own warm pussy juices. That was one of the best orgasms that Megan had ever had. She felt her burning desire fading away as she pulled her fingers out of her pussy.


Junior College Girls: Megan Ch. 02

Megan lay on the cold stone floor, resting a while till she regained her energy. Slowly, still shaking from the orgasms from her desperate masturbation, she stood up and looked at the mess she made. Her PE attire and underwear were soaked right through with both her sweat and juices. The floor was covered with water that diluted her pussy juices, but the musky smell of sex still hung in the air.

Leaving the cubicle, she took out her deodorant to try and hide the smell by spraying it around the toilet. Then, she was faced with a dilemma. Her underwear was wet! Combined with her light blue uniform, her wet underwear will definitely soak through it. Being quite a shy girl, Megan never dared to wear too revealing clothes, despite the hot weather in Singapore, much less go out without underwear!

After a long debate with herself, she finally decided. After all, there's a first time to everything. Megan dried herself with her towel, and put on her uniform, without wearing her underwear. The coarse material stretched over her breasts and vagina. The feeling was slightly uncomfortable, but after walking around a little, it felt better.

Then, the school bell started to ring, marking the end of her break. Megan started to pack her wet clothes in her bag. She looked at herself in the mirror. She looked fine, except her messy hair. With her slightly over sized uniform, she doubted that people would notice that she wasn't wearing her bra. However, her school skirt was quite short and above her knees. She made a personal note to herself to walk around more carefully for the rest of the day.

Then, Megan left the toilet. The first thing she noticed was the cool breeze around her knees and up her skirt. Without her underwear, Megan's privates felt cold to the slight draft. As she walked to her classroom, Megan greeted many of her schoolmates. However, she felt that they were all staring at her rather awkwardly. She felt that somehow or other, they all knew she wasn't wearing her underwear. Out in the open, Megan had lost the confidence she had when she was in the toilet.

Even as she sat down in the classroom, Megan couldn't stop thinking about being naked under her uniform. "Hey Megan! Where were you during the break? Thanks so much for the cake!" Joann's question jolted Megan out of her worries and she blushed and quickly made up a lie to cover up for her masturbation session. "Happy Birthday! Er... I was having a stomachache, so I went to the toilet to relief myself." Only Megan knew that the last part of her statement was true.

The teacher walked into the classroom, and Megan spent the entire lesson staring into space and pretending to write down notes from the literature lesson. Slowly, she fell asleep. Then, she woke up as the school bell rung again. Being asleep, Megan had opened her legs wide unconsciously. She immediately snapped her legs shut and looked around. She heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that everyone was just packing their bags and getting ready to leave. Nobody seemed to notice that she had given a public exhibition for the last 15 minutes. Relieved, she packed her bag and left for the last lesson of the day, an Economics lecture.

Megan was excited for the lecture. Out of her curriculum, Megan got to spend the economics lectures with her crush from the Junior College. Moreover, her class is positioned right behind his. Like Megan, Joseph was not one of the most attractive guys in the school. The first thing that Megan liked about him was his personality. He seemed nice and friendly, and was cheerful all the time. Despite not being well-built like the guys from the sports clubs, Joseph was quite cute, and he played a wide variety of musical instruments. Megan suspected that Joseph was most likely an innocent guy, most probably a virgin, just like her.

Sitting in the lecture hall, Megan eager waits for Patrick to come so that she can start ogling at him. Then she noticed that the air-con was on, causing a cold air around the theater. The cold air always never failed to cause her nipples to harden and protrude outwards from her chest. But this time, Megan felt more conscious of the cold breeze as it started to induce their usual effect on her chest, causing her nipples to erect and become more sensitive. She leaned forward and tried to hug the economics textbook as tightly to her chest as possible to hide her nipples' erection.

On the other hand, the air around her skirt felt cooling to her legs and keeping her legs tightly shut made her pubic hair trap the warm air and it felt hot and sweaty between her legs. She decided to uncross her legs and opened them slightly to cool her vagina. Then Joseph walked in and made his way to his seat. Megan smiled at him and he replied with a smile as well and sat a seat in front of Megan.

In the Junior College, each row of lecture seats were elevated above the previous row, so if Megan leaned slightly forward, she could observe the person in front of her, and her knees were on the same level as Joseph's head. Throughout the lecture, Megan was staring at Joseph, seeing how his head bobbed as he took down the lecture notes, and how his hand moved across the paper.

While daydreaming, the pen that Megan was twiddling at that time suddenly flew out of her hand and then landed on Joseph. "Oh! I'm so sorry!" Patrick bent down to collect Megan's pen for her and turned around to pass it to her, along with his ever cheerful smile. Megan leaned forward to receive her pen, and wanted to return a smile to him. Then, she noticed that his eyes were elsewhere and he suddenly blushed and looked away.

Megan was puzzled. Then she looked at herself. In her haste, she forgot that she wasn't wearing a bra. When she leaned forward, the table propped up her breasts and the top button of her uniform came loose at that time, revealing a deep cleavage. Megan had also further opened up her legs when she was leaning forward, and revealed to Joseph her privates.

Megan flushed with embarrassment. At that point in time, she wished for a hole to open up beneath her and swallow her whole. As the bell rang, Megan started to pack her stuff hurriedly, and attempted to flee the lecture theater through the back door. Before closing the door behind her, Megan peaked through the door and spotted her crush, his embarrassed face and stunned eyes watching her as she left through the back door.

As she closed the back door, she heaved a sigh of relief, but was troubled by her situation. How was she going to face him again? And yet, despite her embarrassment, a part of Megan couldn't help but feel satisfied that of all the people in the school, Joseph was the only one who knew of her small exhibitionist show.

Megan made her way down to the ground floor, ready to leave the school. She used her hand to hold her school skirt down, being more careful with herself as she walked down the stairs. Megan then joined the crowd of students leaving the school, her mind lost in another daydream.


