Living in L.A is great. I just got a transfer from the UK to the US for a big PC company that I work for. I found out that the company pays nearly double the amount for the same work in the US compared to the UK even with the currency rate converted. So I requested a transfer & nearly a year later I'm in L.A getting paid double the money.
I have already come across a few celebrities. As part of the job I get called out to peoples homes to fix PC's & considering this was a rich area populated by celebs we could charge nearly triple the amount & still get no complaints, because they have the money. So far I had come across celebs such as Matthew Perry (Chandler from Friends), Jason Biggs (pie fucker himself), Chris Evans (The Human Torch) & the most famous one so far, Kevin Bacon.
Right now I was on my way to work on a PC for a Ms S.M. Gellar who was a big star & a loyal customer, so I had to put in extra special care, company's words. I'm no rocket scientist, but the only 'star' I could think of with the initials S.M & their surname Gellar was Sarah Michelle Gellar.
I rang on the door & waited. I looked down & straightened out my suit. As company policy we had to wear suits so we looked more presentable as we were the face of our company to all of our customers. She was taking her time getting to the door so I rang the bell again. Just in case it was Sarah Michelle Gellar, I looked into the glass on her door & fixed up my pony tail.
"Who is it?" A familiar voice asked. I jumped back, slightly startled.
"I'm here to fix your PC." I said regaining my composure & holding out my ID card. She opened the door & just as I predicted it was Sarah Michelle Gellar. She had her hair out, a white top with no sleeves which wasn't skin tight but tight enough to show off her rack & she clearly had nothing on underneath as her nipples were visible. She wore tight denim shorts & was barefooted.
I showed her my ID card again. "Oh!" She smiled her toothy smile, where her canines show. "The PC's this way." She said very cheerily leading the way. I closed the front door behind me & followed. I watched her sexy round ass sway side to side as I followed her to the room with the PC in it. It looked like a study room of some sort.
There were two big & comfortable looking leather chairs in front of the PC. Sarah motioned for me to sit down on the one directly in front of the monitor & she took the other seat on the left of me.
"I take it you know who I am." As I started up the PC.
"A huge Buffy fan, so yes. By the way 'The Grudge' kicked ass." Threw her a compliment.
"Thank you!" She said looking back at me & smiling.
"So when are you going to do Scooby Doo 3?" I asked
"You seriously liked those movies?"
"Yeah. Huge Scooby fan." I said. "They stick you in, Matthew Lillard & Freddie Prinze Jnr & you have yourself a great, fun film."
"Well I'm glad you liked it."
"Speaking of Freddie Prinze Jnr, where is he?" I asked.
"He's at a film shoot." The PC was booted & ready for use.
"So what's the problem?" I asked.
"It keeps freezing & saying some rubbish about memory being too low, or something." This was a simple problem that could've been dealt with over the phone & normally I'd be pissed for time wasting, but I got to meet Sarah Michelle Gellar so I didn't care.
   So I take her through the steps. "Your main problem is that by default all of Windows is set at a low virtual memory & you have to increase it manually, which is what I'm doing for you now. I've increased it from 256mb to 1gb, which is about four times the size."
"And that's it?"
"Yep. That's it."
"And it won't be slow?"
"Nope here I'll show you." I opened the main folder & got quite a surprise. She had folders inside it with names like 'Sarah nude,' 'Sarah doggy style,' 'Sarah rides cock' etc. "That's a lot of porn!"
"Yeah! I like to collect internet porn fakes of myself." She turned to me, excited. "You know, I'm the most faked person on the internet. Do you know what tat means?"
"You're the most fantasized woman in the world?"
"I never thought of it that way." She said looking up into thin air thinking & then shaking her head snapping back to reality. "I was gonna say I'm popular, but I like your answer better."
"Doesn't it piss you off?"
"At first I got so upset, I cried, but then I realized people only did it because they want me." Sarah joked.
"Obviously." I joked & she agreed & laughed. "What I don't get is, why do you keep them?"
"Because they are pictures of me doing things that I would never do, but have always dreamed of." Sarah clicked on a folder saying 'Sarah gang banged.' "Now take these picture for example, here I'm riding a cock, while this guy fucks me up the ass from behind." Sarah clicked on another picture. "Here I'm enjoying this stud's big cock in my mouth & this guy decides to get in on the action & fucks me from behind." She leaned back on her chair. "I mean, it's stuff I fantasized about, but I'd never actually do. Like have a couple of guy's cum on my face or take it up the ass. There's pictures of me with black guys, with women. Thing's that'll never happen, you know?"
I knew exactly what she was talking about. She was painting a very graphic picture using internet porn fakes & it was started to show in my crotch area. I was starting to get a hard-on. I don't think Sarah noticed as her eyes were directed towards my face.
"I guess men & women's fantasies are not that different."
"The difference is my one's get done on the internet." We both laughed. "Can you keep a secret?" Sarah lowered her voice but was excited at the same time."
"Sure."
"I'm thinking of putting a picture on the internet & calling it a fake!"
"People would never think it's real." I said thinking out loud.
"Exactly! Because I would never actually do anything like that!" Sarah claimed. "Do you want to see it?" Sarah said very excitedly. I was stunned that she had a nudie pic of herself & even more shocked that she wanted to show it to me."
"Yeah!" She took out a photograph the size of an A4 page of herself nude.
"What do you think?"
"Did you do this?"
"Yep! It's me."
"The best fake I've seen."
"It's not a fake!" She protested.
"Yes it is." Sarah pouted.
"What gave it away?" Sarah was getting excited again. "I thought I had it perfect. I spent ages on it"
"The feet." I answered.
"The feet?" She said taking the picture. "What's wrong with them?"
"They're too small."
"Too small? Are you trying to say I have big feet?" She said jokingly & trying to look hurt at the same time.
"No! Your feet are like a supermodel!"
"A supermodel?" Sarah pouted & looked confused at the same time.
"Yeah you have long slender feet, with beautiful long toes." Sarah smiled.
"You like my feet?"
"Yeah." I said. "They're really nice."
"Do you have a foot fetish?"
"No!"
"So you have a thing for my feet." She smiled.
"Well... yeah... I guess." I gave in. She spun around on her chair & put her feet on my lap & crossed them over.
"Don't they look pretty?" She teased wiggling her toes. "Can you massage them?" She asked pouting. She looked so cute, she was irresistible.
"Sure!" I said picking up the foot closest to my stomach. I started off by massaging the balls of her foot, working up & down her sole, massaging her toes. Sarah closed her eyes & moaned as I continued massaging her foot. By now my dick was hard as a rock & pushing up against her foot that rested on my lap. I know Sarah could feel my dick pressing against her foot, but I'm not sure whether she noticed it or not.
"Ohh, yeah!" Sarah opened her eyes. "Kiss my foot!" She said. I don't know if she was serious or not, but I lifted her foot & lowered my face & kissed the ball under her big toe. "Yeah! Kiss it again!" Sarah moaned. I started to kiss up & down her sole, rubbing her toes against my cheek as I sucked her heel.
"Yeah, suck my toes!" She moaned, sliding her foot down my lips & pushing her big toe into my mouth. I sucked on her big toe hard. I could feel her other foot on my crotch, she probably noticed my hard on. I circled her big toe with my tongue moving onto the next toe in line, sucking it hard. I took the last three toes into my mouth at the same time flicking her toes with my tongue.
"Mmm... That feels soo good! Get my toe nice & wet!" Sarah said. I licked her toes, starting from the bottom of her little toe all the way across to her big toe & back. I then rolled my tongue around her big toe, then under her toes & licked along the middle of her toes, in between the balls of her foot & heads of her toes..
Sarah started to pull her foot away & I let go. Sarah put her foot down & I could feel the warmth of her foot on my cock. I looked down & realized that when I felt her foot on my crotch, she had undone my zipper with her toes, pulled my dick out & I was so into what I was doing, I didn't even notice!
Sarah ran her big toe along my shaft. A drop of pre-cum oozed out & she used her big toe to spread it around my cock head.
"Wow! I've never had a dick this thick!" Sarah claimed.
"Well you're the women of men's dreams, I had to have something that women dream of, to get this far with you."
"What's that?" Sarah asked.
"A huge dick." Sarah smiled that toothy canine smile of hers. She tried stroking my cock with her big toe.
"It's too big! I think I'm gonna have to use both feet!" Sarah rested the foot that I had been sucking & licking on my crotch & used her other foot to push my cock back onto the foot on my crotch, going across that foot's toes & she gripped my dick with her toes to keep my cock into place.
"Looks like I'm gonna need to use more than just my big toe!" Sarah said as she gripped the underside of my cock in between her two biggest toe's & the top of my dick still rested in between her toes on her other foot that still rested on my crotch. She used the bottom of her toes to stroke my member, making sure her toe nails didn't touch.
Sarah started to stroke up & down. There was slight friction, but that didn't bother me, because I had Sarah Michelle Gellar stroking my cock!
"Hmm..." Sarah sat up pouting, looking down at my cock. "This won't do!" She said still pouting, looking up at me. She stopped stroking my cock, moved her right foot out the way & spat on my dick, still pouting which made her look unbelievably cute & gorgeous. I leaned forward to kiss her.
"Uh-uh-uh!" Sarah shook her head & put a finger to my lips. "I'm not the type of gal to cheat on her husband." It was weird. Sarah was jerking me off with her feet, but didn't allow me to kiss her? In a way I saw her strange point of view. Technically she wasn't committing adultery. There was no penetration, oral or mouth to mouth contact. She still hadn't actually touched my cock with her hand! Guess this was the best I was gonna get from her, so I leaned back & decided to enjoy the best jerking off I was ever gonna get from my dream girl.
Sarah spread her saliva up & down my shaft with her big toe. "You like it when Sarah strokes your cock with her sexy toes?"
"Yeah!" I moaned.
"You like having Sarah's spit on your massive... cock?"
"Yeah!" I moaned.
"You want Sarah to spit on your cock again?" Sarah pouted , her head pointing down & her eyes locked onto my eyes. She leaned forward again, still pouting & spat on my cock again. Her saliva oozed down under my cock & in between her toes on the foot that my cock rested on & was being gripped by.
Sarah held my cock with her big toe & the toe next to it & lifted my cock up allowing her saliva to ooze around my cock. She re-positioned her foot that my cock rested on & pushed my cock back against it. This time my cock rested along her toes but came up just short of her big toe. Sarah pushed the head down burying it in between her toes.
She leaned back on to her seat & lifted her foot up to my mouth. "Get my sexy toes nice & wet!" I started sucking her toes instantly, using as much saliva as I could. Once Sarah felt it was wet enough, she pulled her foot away.
Sarah started to stroke my cock, in between her two biggest toes. Her toes felt warm as she stroked faster & faster. Sarah would tighten & loosen her toes grip on my cock, of the foot that my cock rested on, while she stroked up & down my shaft with her other foot.
"Yeah! You love Sarah's feet fucking you dick, don't you?"
"Yeah!" I moaned. Sarah started to flick my pee hole with her big toe, adding extra pleasure.
"Mmm. You love watching Sarah's gorgeous toes stroking your huge cock. Mmm... I can't wait for you to cum. To feel that hot... thick... sticky... white cum in between my fucking toes!" Her dirty talk was starting to become too much & my cock started to pulse hard as I felt my dick about to burst with cum.
"That's it! You gonna cum? Hmm? Yeah! Cum for Sarah!" She said, stroking my cock now with the balls of her foot as fast as she could. We both started to moan, Sarah more vocal than me. "YEAH! YEAH!" Sarah shouted as I my orgasm hit, my cum gushing out. Sarah stopped my cum from shooting a foot into the air by pressing her big toe against my pee hole.
"That's it! Yeah, that's it! That's it!" Sarah moaned through gritted teeth. "Cover my gorgeous feet in your fucking hot cum! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!" Sarah moaned, now stroking my cock, milking all my cum out onto her curled toes. Her strokes were starting to slow down along with her voice. Her 'Yeah's!' matching her strokes.
Sarah leaned forward, holding my cock with her toes off the foot she'd jerked me off with & moved her foot that my cock rested on. She had her toes curled in a cupped position & had managed to catch all of my cum.
"Look at all that creamy goodness!" Sarah said looking down at my cum on her foot. She reached down & licked along her toes taking as much cum as she could on to her tongue & then looked up at me with her mouth wide open & her tongue spread out saying "Aaahhh," showing me my own cum on her tongue. Sarah then closed her mouth & swallowed with a audible gulp. She gave a short cocky laugh & proceeded to lick & suck my cum of her pretty foot & gorgeous toes, giving me a semi hard-on.
"Mmmm... Yummy!" Sarah said & looked at me innocently. She tucked my half limp member away back into my boxers with her wet foot & zipped me up. This time I got to see her foot in action.
"So how much do I owe you?"
"The company will take care of it over the phone." I said fatiguely, still revelling from being jerked of by Sarah Michelle Gellar.
"That's great." Sarah smiled walking me up to her front door. "So you reckon you can come around tomorrow?" She gave that irresistible pout of hers.
"Sure what's wrong with your computer?" I asked teasing as I stepped out of her house.
"Nothing." She said reaching out to me & pulling off my blazer. "But you forgot your blazer, so come around tomorrow once you finish to pick it up. OK?"
"OK."
"I've got a special surprise for you that you're gonna love." She said seductively, closing the door before I could say anything else. What did she mean by a special surprise? I guess no matter how hard I tried I was never gonna be able to guess what that special something was. If it had been another girl I could've probably figured it out, but not with Sarah Michelle Gellar, she turned out to be too unpredictable. But there was one way to find out & that was when I come back here tomorrow to collect my blazer.