My story
Fri Jul 20, 2007 01:1674.135.244.216

So, when I was growing up my family had bought a house abroad for summer 
vacations. It was a nice enough house, but the great thing was that the 
nearest other house was a little over 2 miles down the road. Out the front of 
the house was a lot of trees and out the back was fields as far as you could 
see.

I was staying there with my mother and my brother and I was about 17 at the 
time. She said one day that she was going to the store to get some shopping 
done and then to visit the bank, Now given that the store was some 50 minutes 
away I figured I had some spare time. We had no tv or internet at the house, 
so time was passed through playing cards or reading. 

So my brother and I decide to start playing some cards, Well we decided to 
make things interesting by adding in some dares. Pretty easy stuff at first, 
to be honest not very daring at all. But as we played more it got a little 
more serious. We decide the loser of the next game has to go from the house to 
a turn in the road we lived on naked. Now the turn was only about 300 yards 
away and the visibility of the road was good, besides you could hear car 
coming from miles away so it wasn't too bad. 

We start playing cards and bang I lose! I didnt want to do the dare so I 
figured we could double or quits. So if I won my brother would to the dare, if 
I lost then we agreed that I would walk the entire distance and running was 
not allowed.

The cards get dealt and we start to play, before I know what happened I had 
lost again. So we walk to the front door, I didnt feel too good about it. So I 
managed to negotiate that I could keep my t shirt as long as I rolled the 
front up and put it behind my head. I could also take a pair of shorts if I 
carried them whilst I had my hands on my head. 

I remember stepping out onto the gravel driveway and the end of the road 
seemed miles away. It was the middle of the afternoon and bright and sunny. I 
walked down the 15 yards of our driveway to the big metals gates. The only way 
onto the property without climbing trees and bushes. It was as I passed the 
gates I felt the sun hit my body and I felt very warm and suddenly very naked. 
My brother yelled at me to get a move on, I started walking and it was all 
going pretty well. I reached the end of the road and turned around to walk 
back, I was walking back to the house with my hands on my head and feeling 
good about life. I had gotten away with it!!

Suddenly I heard a sounds behind me and there was my mother sat in her VW Golf 
looking at me. I was completely naked and took the short and held them up in 
front of me. My heart must have jumped to 5,000 beats a minute. My god the 
addrenaline and shock was running through my system. I just wanted to hide. 
She pulled the car up so that the passenger side window was next to me, I 
thought she wasnt going to say any thing as the car slowly moved past. Then it 
stopped as the backside window reached me. The window wound down and my mum 
yelled "Put your t shirt in the backseat", I was confused but I always obeyed 
her, so i did, after all I still had my shorts. Next she said "Give me your 
shorts and wait a moment". Again I complied. Passing my shorts through the 
window onto the backseat. She then drove off to the drive way. Pulled the car 
up to the front door, got out and closed the gate. She opened the boot of the 
car and start to unload the shopping. I just stood there in shock. What was 
going on?? Here I am completely naked, in the middle of a road in the middle 
of the day. I didnt want my mum to see my naked again so I waited for her to 
go back in before heading to the gate, where upon my brother came out and told 
me that he had told mum what was going on. I thought, well at least she will 
laugh and let me back inside in a minute. 

"Mum will be back in half an hour, she is having some food and a drink" said 
my brother. So I just sat by the gate, completely naked waiting for a telling 
off. She came out a bit later, it felt like hours. She opened the gates and 
backed the car out. When the backdoor reached me she tells me to get in, since 
my clothes were in there I was only too happy. As I get in and close the door 
I realise my clothes arent there any more. I asked what was going on and she 
replied that we had to run an errand. We drove 10 miles to the nearest village 
and she pulled up next to the recycling container for bottles. "Right then 
love, out you get, make sure you sort the brown from the green". I paused and 
she gave me a stern look in the rearview mirror. So I got out and did the 
bottles, luckily no cars came by. Againts my heart was pounding and I was 
getting pretty turned on by the fact I had no choice but to do it. 

I got back in the car after finishing the job and we drove back to the house. 
We drove about 8 miles of the trip back and she pulls over, "Right get out and 
walk home, think about what you have done, when you get back we wont talk 
about this again". So I get out, now two miles from home, naked. After I get 
home, my shorts and t shirt are hanging up on the gate. I went in and we eat 
dinner like nothing happened. It was the most bizarre feeling, having your 
parent do that to you. My brother later told me that my mum was trying to 
teach me a lesson. 

I have some other true stories I can share, if anyone is interested. 

egAbroad 




Part 1
Sun Jul 22, 2007 
18:0474.135.244.216

Sorry I got a bit hung up with the pre story part. Will post the rest later:



In the summer, when we werent spending time in France we would setup a tent in 
the back garden. Usualy my brother would pitch it have friends over to hang 
out. It was a pretty big tent, with the outer part for storage and inner part 
for sleeping. My brother had spent most of the week in it but 

I had it for the weekend. I invited my friend Lauren over, we figured we could 
stay up late gossiping and reading some mags whilst not being in the stuffy 
house (English houses dont have air con.).

Friday night rolls around and Lauren arrived. Lauren has been a close friend 
for a long time. She was pretty tall, had red hair, a very attractive figure 
and was a little wild at times. We went out to the tent, put our stuff inside, 
then came back inside to get some food and drink for the night. 

My parents always locked the house, even with us outside, but they were 
getting up early in the morning to spend the day at the Golf Club. Dad loved 
playing and mum could work out. So we get in the tent pretty early, the light 
was still decent so we are sharing gossip. I decide to tell Lauren about my 
france story. She went nuts, wanted to know all about it. Wanted to know how I 
was feeling, what was said, what happened, I mean everything! After a little 
while when I answered all her questions she said she needed the bathroom and 
went inside, when she got back she said we should play games again. I was not 
a big fan of this. We were in the back garden of my house, my entire familty 
was inside, our house had neighbors in each side and the back that could see 
into the garden if they were awake. Now out the front of the house was fields 
and not as many people. 

So we came up with the idea of rolling a dice and picking a dare based off the 
number. We each wrote down three dares and put them folded up on the floor. If 
it was odds I drew, even Lauren drew. I rolled first and it was even. Lauren 
drew from the pile, it was one of my dares. "Hug the apple tree, and tell it 
you love it". Lauren got up and did it, came back in and sat down. We rolled a 
few more times with results being a few stories and truths (both of my dares). 
On the 4th roll I knew that she would be rolling and one of us would get one 
of her dares, I just hoped that it wasn't anything crazy. 

She rolled a 5, so I drew. I read the scrap of paper. "Sleep naked". Well this 
wasn't good, at least it wasn't public I thought, but embarassing enough. So I 
got out of the inner part fo the tent and into the outer part. I took my 
sleeping back with me, put my socks, shorts, panties, bra and t shirt into a 
zip up adidas bag. The kind where the zip has two zippers so you can run a 
small lock through or string when you are flying. As I was about to get into 
my sleeping bag, I hear my dad right outside the tent say "OK, we are off to 
bed, do you need anything else from in the house?" I said "No" and prayed he 
didnt come in. He didnt and went inside, I could hear him locking the back 
door. 

I got into my sleeping bag and hopped back into the inner tent. Lauren was 
giggling away. If I pulled the sleeping bag up it just made it to my armpits. 
But that was a mission. 

I rolled a 4, so Lauren picked out a dare, since it was one of hers I thought 
things would get even. It said "Be tickled for 30 seconds". Now this was 
awkward, I couldn't tickle her for 30 seconds whilst keeping the sleeping bag 
up. I said that to her, she thought for a second. "How about I sleep naked 
also?". I said that was fine, so she stepped outside and put her clothes in 
the bag, then hopped back inside. She lay back done, there was 1 scrap left. 
She rolled a 4 also, picked up the sheet. "Both get into the same sleeping 
bag". Lauren then explained, I thought this would be a fun one to start off 
with not now. This was frankly a little weird. We decided not too do it. 
Lauren then said "Well if we arent doing this how about I sleep naked also and 
lock the bag with our clothes in, we can get the key in the morning from your 
room". The penny dropped. How was it that Lauren had locks, dice and paper? I 
asked her, she said when she went to the bathroom she got the stuff from my 
room and my brothers room, along with some other stuff. I rolled my eyes. "OK, 
lock the bag".






New Story - Part 2
Mon Jul 23, 2007 
02:4974.135.244.216

New Story - Part 2

So after locking the bag and placing it in the outer part of the tent we spent 
a while talking and reading by torch light. Times started to pass and we got 
tired so we fell asleep, we figured in the morning we would get up get into 
the house and get the key to get our clothes, or get new clothes from my 
bedroom. Either way it was all good.

I slept well, I had a sense of excitement the whole time at feeling the 
sleeping bag directly on my skin. It felt rough in places and every time I 
moved it felt pretty good. Lauren fell asleep pretty quick also. 

The next morning I awoke at about 7am I guess, I rolled over and saw Lauren 
was still asleep. She was laying on her side and the sleeping bag had slid 
down to just below her breasts. I could see why the guys liked her. It made me 
realise that I was still naked in the sleeping bag. I lay there and listened 
to the nice sound of rain hitting the top of tent, one of the best sounds that 
there is.

I heard Dad open the back door and yell out "Good morning ladies". I sat up 
and yelled good morning back. He must have had an early tee time. Lauren woke 
up also and pulled her sleeping bag up. She wasnt so bold and excited now as 
she was last night. After about 20 minutes we saw no movement in the house, it 
was raining a little, but realy had cleared up, the sun was coming out and it 
looked to be a glorious day. 

I peeked out of the tent doorway, saw the the coast looked clear and Lauren 
and I moved across the garden to the conservatory doors. They were open so we 
went inside, as we reached the door to the main house I heard my Dad yell "I 
will go and check". He was obviously talking to my mum and wanted to see if we 
were inside or not. Our conservatory was entirely glass apart from the perspex 
roof. 

Running back to the tent would result in considerable embarassment. I ran 
behind the sofa and lay down, Lauren followed very shorty and did the same. I 
heard the footsteps of someone through the conservatory out into the back, 
look inside the tent and come back inside. The conservatory door was locked 
and then the door to the house was closed. I guess after looking inside the 
tent and seeing no signs of us Dad decided we had gotten up already. 

I looked over the sofa after a few minutes and saw that all the lights in the 
main house were off, so I moved over the house door and it was locked. Lauren 
and I were now trapped in the conservatory. 

I looked at the thermometer and it said 65. Not too bad I thought. The problem 
was the conservatory was that it would heat up very fast, its just like a 
greenhouse. There was no air con and no fans. We had no way to get out of 
there. Plus every house had a pretty good view of it. An hour later the sun 
had warmed the place up to 85. The air was stuffy and I was glad not to be 
claustaphobic. We sat behind the sofa for fear of being seen. We could see the 
neighbors in the garden, cutting grass and gardening. Everytime I saw movement 
my hear sped up. I could feel the 
adrenaline kick in and at the same time I wanted to be seen. It was quite 
conflicting. 30 minutes later the room was up to 90. I had started sweating. 
Which was pretty gross. I looked at Lauren and she was hot too. We were both a 
little nervous about the situation. 

After another 30 minutes, we were covered head to toe in sweat. It was tough 
to keep it out of your eyes. I looked over at the glass and saw a reflection 
that I wont forget. Our hair was a mess, sweat streamed down us and we were 
shining (I cannot describe it in any other way) head to toe. Lauren starting 
laughing, "We look like those chicks from your brothers porno". We had caught 
him watching porn a while back and the girls were oiled and wrestling. We both 
laughed, but not too loudly as we didn't want the neighbors looking over. 

I then heard the best sound ever, the house door being unlocked, then 
footsteps and the conservatory door was unlocked. You could feel the 
temperature drop. I snuck a peek of my brother walking to the tent. I didnt 
know whether to ask him for help, but I didnt think Lauren would appreciate 
that. She gave me one of her looks. So we kept quiet, he came back carrying 
our adidas bag. As he worked across the conservatory I heard mum ask him where 
we were. I didnt hear his reply. She obviously had changed her mind about 
working out. This made me sweat even worse, the last thing I wanted was to get 
caught again. What would my parents think of me? Lauren must have thinking the 
same thing and said "I guess this is how you felt in France?", I nodded. My 
heart was going 5,000 beats a second, I was just worried about getting caught 
and the thought of going into the house vanished. We ran back to the tent and 
sat down. 






