I recently won a contest in my home city of Orlando Florida. It was an opportunity to do a workout with 3 WWE Superstars and 2 WWE Divas. AJ Styles, Drew McIntyre, Seth Rollins, Alexa Bliss, and Sasha Banks. I was really excited about winning because I'm a big fan of WWE and just to be able to meet the wrestlers was a really huge deal. I wasn't sure what "work out with them" meant but I showed up on the set date prepared for whatever.
They told me that we were going to do a short workout and some stretching and then some practice moves. I was really excited about that. They showed me how to perform a few moves and then we went through them in like half speed. I was really getting into it. During one exercise, I was working with Drew McIntyre when he hip tossed me and I hung on and flipped him over. I rolled up and tried going for a pin. When I laid across him and reached down to grab his leg to pull it up into the pin I accidentally grabbed his crotch instead of his leg and had a handful of cock.
I was embarrassed and moved my hand quickly away and hoped no one noticed. He kicked out of the pin and rolled me over to pin me. As he laid across me, I felt his erection pressing into my abdomen. I became really flushed and didn't know what to think. After I was counted out, and we were getting up I could see the outline in his trunks, the outline of a very large very hard cock. I was so turned on by all this. You see I'm bi and have a huge celebrity crush on Drew McIntyre. He's like my ultimate sex dream. He is so hot. He's tall and good looking and built really really nice. And now the knowledge of him having a huge cock just sent me spinning. And the thought that I got him hard left me dreaming.
That was the last of the exercises and everybody retreated to the locker room. We were all sitting around talking about everything we had done today and I told them winning the contest was a dream come true for me. I was such a huge fan and really treasured all the fun we had today. They all expressed their gratitude for the fans and that I hadn't done too badly for my first time and then they all laughed.
You see I'm not a very big guy, I'm only 5'5" and weigh only 125 pounds. I've always been teased about being so small but as my crossdressing has matured it has really been a blessing. I'm quite passable when I get all dolled up, even going out to straight bars all the time and I never get read
A couple of the guys got up and showered as we talked and then a couple more. Then all of them but me and Drew said they had to get going and left. I got up and finished undressing and went into the showers, followed shortly by a now naked Drew McIntyre. I turned as he entered and I stared open mouth as he walked in.
He is truly gorgeous, such a great body, his chest and his arms and those legs, oh my he is so big and strong and his cock was just dangling there, even flaccid it was quite impressive. I immediately started getting hard and turned to face the wall. He started talking to me and asked if everything was ok, I told him it was but I still wasn't looking at him for fear of him seeing how turned on I was. He said I thought we were having a good time but now you're acting like you're mad at me or something. I stammer no not at all, it's just. It's just what he asked? I turned half way and said I'm embarrassed. At what he asked?
I've gotten an erection and with just us here in the shower and didn't want you to think anything weird. He laughed and said yea it happens. I got one while we were wrestling, after you grabbed my crotch. I know I felt it I said. Really you did he asked? Yes and I felt it when you pinned me and saw the outline in your trunks when you stood up. That really turned me on I said and then I turned a bright red. I'm so sorry I shouldn't be saying that. Just then I looked down and saw his cock was sticking straight out as well. I gasped, wow you've got a really nice really big cock. He just smiled and said yea, that's what they say.
Would you like me to take care of that, I asked? He asked what I had in mind. Well uumm, I'd love to suck your cock Drew. I just stared at his growing member and when he didn't say no I started walking towards him. As I stood in front of him, I reached my hand out and wrapped my fingers around his cock and moved my hand back and forth stroking him. I moaned as I did and stared up into his eyes. He just stared down at me so I slowly sank to my knees until I was eye level with the most beautiful cock I have ever seen, much less sucked.
So here I was with his cock in my hand and moving him to my mouth. I pushed his hard on through my lips into my hot wet mouth and moaned around his cock as I began an expert cock sucking. I twirled my tongue around the head as I pistoned him in and out of my mouth. Then every couple of times going in, I would push him past my gag reflex and down my throat. He grabbed onto both sides of my head and started roughly fucking my mouth and throat. After a few minutes, he pushed his cock all the way in until my nose was buried in his pubes, which expanded my throat around his huge cock. He got such a rush seeing my throat swell so big with him inside. Then he grunted and filled my tummy with his seed. There was so much, it really did feel like he filled my insides with his cum. My abdomen felt distended and I was burping up that cum taste for the rest of the day.
After he finished, he helped me up and said that was hot thank you. I said no, thank you, it was definitely my pleasure. That was the hottest head I have ever given. He asked if I did that a lot. I told him some, that I was bi and loved sucking cock but that his was by far my favorite. He said I'm in town for a couple more days and he asked if I would be interested in getting together again in his hotel room for another round. I told him I'd love to and that I'd love to be his go to anytime he was in town. He asked if I would be interested in doing more. I asked like what. He said he had been checking out my firm hot ass all day and really wanted to fuck me too.
I told him that I've never done that before but would very much like him to take my virginity. He smiled and said me too. I asked if he was gay or bi. He said bi and asked why. No reason I was just wondering. My mind starting spinning with ideas of how to surprise him with my alter-femme, Amy. We made arrangements to meet at his hotel room tomorrow evening. I finished showering and dressed and left, as soon as I got home I started preparing for our evening.
I showered and shaved my whole body. I dried off and rubbed a good moisturizer all over. I got up the next day and did a couple warm water enemas and started planning my wardrobe. I picked out a red mini skirt and some white stockings. A matching mauve bra, panty and garter belt set. My d-cup sized breast forms with erect nipples, I think Drew probably likes big tits and I want to make a good first impression. A sexy white crop top to show off my belly button piercing. A blonde wig that comes down to between my shoulder blades and some really slutty make-up. Smokey eyes with mauve and gray colors and bright red lips and bright red finger and toe nails to match. And since Drew is so tall, some sexy 5 ½" black stiletto pumps.
I got dressed and headed to his hotel, hoping he would like what he saw. Walking when I'm in public in high heels is always a turn on, the sound of my heels clicking on the concrete and then the tile gives me such a rush. And the feel of my thighs slipping together in the stockings and a little breeze up my skirt just makes my head spin. I noticed a couple guys checking me out as I entered the hotel lobby. I made sure my hips moved a little extra and my hair swung from side to side for their liking. I made my way to the elevator and then up to his floor. I stood in front of his hotel room and tapped on his door. And as he opened it and asked if he could help me, I swallowed hard and said I'm here for our meeting Drew and smiled.
He looked me up and down and smiled but still had a puzzled look on his face. I simply said it's me in my male voice. He looked me over again and said no way, really. I shook my head yes and said I hope you like what you see. He smiled and said yes definitely, wow you look gorgeous. Thank you, you're so sweet. I wanted to surprise you with something a little sexy and after you told me you were bi, I felt this would be perfect. And since you're going to take my virginity, I wanted to be Amy for all the fun. I've always wanted to be with a really hot guy while I'm Amy and I was hoping you would like her too. He took my hand and ushered me into his room and said it looks like it's the best of both worlds for me. I smiled and said yes for me too.
He closed the door and grabbed me by the back of my neck and pulled me to him pressing our lips together. I was startled at first but as his tongue parted my lips I responded in kind and we kissed very passionately. Our kiss was electric, and he ran his hands all over my body the whole time, feeling me up and groping my ass. My hand slid down to his crotch and I grasped his hard on through his shorts. As we broke our lip lock I moaned and said oh my, your cock is so hard. He pushed me down in front of him and I pulled his shorts down and wrapped my bright red nails around him and pulled him to my eager mouth. I engulfed this beautiful specimen in one bite.
He slid all the way to the back of my mouth and then past my gag reflex and down my throat in one motion. I swallowed hard and felt his cock expand my throat. With my fist still at the base of his cock and the rest of his nine inches buried in me, I started moving him in and out and twirling my tongue all around his cock. He pulled out of my mouth and moved me to the bed. He had me lay on my back and hang my head over the edge of the bed. He positioned himself next to the bed and straddled my open mouth and pushed his cock through my lips again and all the way into my throat. He held onto my head and started roughly fucking my throat. So here I am laying on my back with my head upside down and his cock invading my throat and there is nowhere I would rather be.
After quite a few minutes of him roughly fucking my throat, he exploded and gushed spurt after spurt of his thick cum in my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed everything and licked him clean and got up on my knees on the bed and savored the feeling and the taste as I licked my lips and smiled up at him. Did you enjoy yourself I asked? Very much he said. I've always wanted to do that, to fuck a hot chick's throat until I busted a nut. I loved watching your throat expand and collapse as my cock went in and out, it was so hot.
Well I'm glad you liked it. I must say I enjoyed it immensely myself. Really you did he asked. Yes I did. Truth be told I have always wanted a hot guy with a big cock to do that to me. I've seen it in movies and always fantasized about having it done to me. I always thought it looked sexy as hell. Me too he said, and it was very sexy, makes me want you more now.