Humiliating Lesson

When I was in Jr High I was part of a group of girls that liked to gang up on other younger kids and humiliate them just for fun. Our favorite was to gang up on a victim (usually a boy), depants them, and taunt them bottomless to see how humiliated we could make them. We used to love to do it in public places like the schoolyard or playground, or street so others would see them to make it even worse. We usually would wait for moments when they were alone, like walking home from school, and corner them. Once we had them caught we would forcefully pull their pants down, and off if we could, and leave them in their underwear while we laughed and made fun of them. We would make them beg for their pants back, or do humiliating things like make them lick our shoes, or spank them, and if they didn’t do what ever we told them too we would pull their underwear off too and make fun of their weenies. Pulling their underwear off as they tried to stop us, or begged for us not to was always my favorite part, especially if they looked like they were going to cry, or did cry. The look on their faces as we slowly pulled their underpants off was always the best part. 

One day I got detention and got stuck at school late. My friends were all already gone so I had to walk home alone myself. It was mid autumn and was already getting chilly out in the late afternoon so I took any shortcut I knew to get home and out of the cold as soon as possible. As I cut through a park about a mile away from my house still I was spotted by 3 older boys who recognized me. At least one of them had a younger brother who had been harassed by us in the past. Somewhat concerned I double stepped it through the park trying to avoid them, but they came after me in hot pursuit. Seeing them charging over to me, I panicked and ran down a path I knew that cut through some thick woods and across this stream in the back of the park. I made it pretty far but they managed to catch up with me before I made it out the other side. They jumped me and dragged me back into a creek area under a small bridge where no one could see us. 

One of them held me with my arms behind me so I could not get away while the other, named Tommy Milano confronted me saying I had beaten up and panted his younger brother. Tommy had a reputation for being a bad ass in our town. He was a big, and was known to get into a lot of fights, most of which he won. Had I known that one of the poor little brat we had humiliated was his brother we would have stayed clear of him for sure. At first I tried to deny it, hoping to weasel out of what ever I had coming but he and the rest knew me too well to be fooled. All 3 started taunting me asking me how it felt to be the victim now. Tommy told the other 2 guys to hold me, and he started to unbutton my jeans. One of them had me by the arms, and the other had his hand clamped over my mouth so I could not scream out. Tommy undid my jeans and yanked my jeans and knickers down my hips. He pulled them down to my ankles as I struggled in vain. I wriggled around fully exposed in front of all 3 of them as they laughed and taunted me. My pubes and butt were in full show. Tommy got a long thatch from a bush and tore all the leaves off of it making it into a whip. He swatted it hard against a tree near me making a loud nasty whipping noise. “Maybe I should whoop your naked little ass as punishment huh?” he said threatening me. I was terrified now stripped bottomless and helpless to get away. “You scream out loud or run and I swear I will whip your hiney raw right here, get it?” he barked right in my face. Then I got spun around and bent over and I felt my ass get spread apart. “Whoo-hoo look at that”, I heard. “How does it feel now, huh?” They kept repeating, as they all laughed at me humiliated. My tennis shoes were in the way of my jeans coming completely off so Tommy grabbed my ankle and began untying my shoelaces. “Let’s take all of her clothes off,” he said to the others. Eagerly they all participated. One held me, while Tommy got my tennis shoes off, and proceeded to finish yanking my pants and knickers off my feet. He even took my socks! Now I was completely bottomless out in the middle of the woods. Every time I tried to scream or struggle wildly he lifted the swatter in front of me as if to say “I’ll whip you’re ass hard right now!” They pulled my shirt over my head, and my bra violently pulling them completely off of me. Then they pushed me out in between them totally naked. I was crying as they all pushed me back and forth between them taunting and laughing at me. I got slapped on the ass, got my tiitties grabbed and pinched, and call every name in the book. Tommy made me get on my hands and knees, and then he grabbed me by my hair and made me crawl around as he rode me like a horse, slapping my naked ass, and yelling out “Hee-yaa horsey! Hee-yaa little piggy!” The cold was hitting and I was shivering now, with tears burning down my reddened face, and my ass cheeks burning red and raw from all the smacks. 

Next thing I knew, Tommy gathered up all my clothes and all 3 boys bolted out of the woods whooping and hollering all the way. I was left stark naked, cold, dirty, and humiliated in the middle of the back woods of the park with no where to run. Shivering I wandered down the long path trying to cover myself in vain. Sobbing, all I could think of was how I was going to get home safe stark naked. Once I got to the end of the path there was a busy street and blocks to go before home. What the hell was I going to do stark naked? It was then that I noticed that lying balled up in the creek were my clothes! I guess the boys were smart enough to know that if I got picked up naked in the streets they would eventually be the ones in deep shit. Those bastards had thrown my clothed in the water right in the open where I could see them. I got my clothes back on but they were soaking wet! Hurriedly, I put them on and ran home shivering and crying, freezing to death. It was awful. I guess I deserved it, and from that day on I never pansted another kid again. 

