Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 3:

After lunch I went toward my 5th period class (lunch was my 4th period class, the younger students have lunch for 5th period). As I walked through the hallway and approached the door to English, I was flagged down by a boy I know from chess club and other nerd adventures, named Tyler.

"Sophie! Don't walk in there yet" he yelled to me.

I'm over here wondering how this day could possibly get any worse, so I nervously ask him "...whyyyy not?"

He answered me "I need a favor from you, a huge one! And Miss Hook is ordering all phones turned in when we walk into class because of the announcement at lunch."

Of course. The principal told everyone about my pictures being sent all over the school, so now we have teachers trying fruitlessly to control several hundred horny teenagers in their classrooms to stop them from drooling over Minka. Good luck. Still, I had no idea what any of this had to do with a favor. "What favor?"

He gave me some really pitiful baby eyes "Can you send me these nude pictures everyone is talking about all of the sudden? Every time I ask any of the guys I know they either don't have them yet, are scared of getting in trouble now, or they're just keeping them from me on purpose to be a jerk. Apparently there's some big effort from the big shot boys to keep any of us in Science Olympiad from getting to see the pictures at all, which is total bullshit."

My mind jumps in loops from this request, but I also get a little mad from the news that the popular punks are supposedly trying to gatekeep my pictures. I mean seriously, what kind of bastard would do that just because someone is smarter than they are? In what alternate universe did they think they had that right?

Wait hold on, am I actually getting offended about my pictures NOT being sent out to enough boys? ...Yes, yes I am. I'm mad about that not being fair, and many of my friends are in the nerd community. I don't want any of the boys AT ALL to see me naked and I wish I could just destroy all the pictures with a Thanos Snap, but at the same time in the real world where we are now it would honestly piss me off if the people sending out my stolen images left and right were purposely keeping them away from horny nice boys like Tyler. God this is the weirdest goddamn day.

When I went too long without saying anything, Tyler asked "So can you help me out? I know you've managed to get them by now. You're you! And once I get them all I can start sharing them with the rest of us in S.O."

I just...man, it's so hard to say no to Tyler, but he's literally asking me to send him all of my nude pictures! I don't want him to see me naked, but I also don't want him to feel left out and bullied. And this is a line that I haven't crossed yet...ME sending out my pictures. So far I have never sent out my pictures to anyone ever. This would mean that I sent my nudes to a boy, that me, REAL me sent them directly. They weren't stolen, they weren't obtained indirectly through the grapevine, this time I would be directly giving a boy I know very well and have known for years the most humiliatingly explicit collection of pictures of me that has ever existed (or WILL ever exist I can promise you that). I'm not emotionally prepared for crossing that line. To do so would make me no longer just a victim...I'd be involved too.

I go to tell him no, trying to think of a kind way to let him down without being suspicious, but the look in his eyes just fills me with regret. He really is a nice boy that is always getting treated like crap by other boys and even many girls just because he's in Science Olympiad and chess club instead of the "manly" clubs and sports. From what I know he has even worse luck with dating than I do. I just can't break his heart like that by refusing his request.

"Ok" I said to him while slightly trembling "I'll send them all to you now quickly before class"

I bring up my phone. Ironically I have my album twice...the originals and the ones Ava sent me this morning. Ava's collection was grouped nicely in a folder so I go with that choice. I move to text them all to Tyler but my hand is freezing up at the send button. I take a deep breath to calm my nerves but it isn't helping in the slightest. I'm about to flash a boy! I'm about to flash him top, bottom, back, and spread wide. He's going to see everything I have and he's going to have the pictures to keep forever. This is so scary. It's so damn stupid that the idea of me trying to send pictures to one boy myself is so frightening when hundreds of other boys already have my pictures, but it is. And besides, he plans to share them with all of the other nerds, so it's more than one boy that I'm flashing if I do this. It's a whole crew of them.

I need to reset my brain. "THIS IS NOT ME!" I scream silently inside my head. These are pictures of "Minka", not me. Minka Minka Minka. She's a beautiful sultry woman without inhibitions, who talks with a sexy Eastern European accent like a boss (because why not?), walks dominatingly in high heels, makes boys submit to her, and she loves getting off to boys looking at her and complimenting her body. ...Ok that last part might be me too, not just Minka. Either way, thinking about this as if Minka was a different person helps me far more than what it would have done if I was sane. I finally click send, which transfers all 30ish pictures of me to Tyler. There's no turning back now, he's going to see it all and share it all with his friends. Many of them are my friends too, and now they're all going to be drooling over my privates. Erm..Minka's privates. Whoever's privates, my face is still turning red as I can't believe that I just did that.

Tyler starts browsing the album right there in the hallway and his eyes are bulging out of his skull, and that's not the only thing clearly bulging. His face is turning red and I notice sweat forming on his forehead. With each scroll his heart seems to be jumping at the new reveal, most of which are more explicit than the ones before them. I'm watching him react to my body in real time and it's honestly so fascinating in addition to filling me with shame. Still, his silent reaction isn't giving me the tingles that I need right in this embarrassing moment. I prod him for a verbal reaction "So...what do you think of her? Is she worth the hype?"

"Hell yeah!" he yells pretty loudly. "Oh my God I'm in love, this girl is so beautiful. No wonder everybody is going nuts, she's gotta be the hottest girl in the whole school! ...No offense"

The fact that this dude just hit me with a "no offense" as a comparison between me and Minka legitimately almost made me start laughing, but I caught myself just in time. His compliments are filling me with that warm happy feeling again in my chest, face, and groin. Still, I need more. I'm starting to feel a little bit like a junkie, but fuck it...I don't care.

I prod him some more "So what's your favorite area on her, your favorite picture, and why? I've heard there's a big debate raging right now with the boys about that. Don't be shy, I want to hear your FULL opinions. My group was all talking about this at lunch earlier but I wanna hear your naughty little thoughts too, just for fun"

He turns his phone around to show me the last picture in the album: my pussy spread wide apart with my fingers, clit sticking out, and wet to the point where my pussy is drooling on the floor. "That picture, definitely! This girl's pussy is fucking hot, like holy hell! I love a girl who shaves for starters, and I love it when pussies have that hot pink color on the inside. Also I really like it when a woman is visibly aroused and not just faking it like what you usually see in porn. Like look, you can even see her clit right here" as he pointed to it on the screen "not to mention how wet she is, looking tasty as hell. I just want to lick her until she runs out of juice, no matter how long it takes or how loudly she screams. ...So how's that? Naughty enough for you?"

Yes. Yes yes. Yes yes very yes! Wow my hormones are swimming right now. Hearing him fantasize about my pussy was making me sweat and shiver, making my face solid crimson, and making my heart speed up to the point where I could almost hear it beating. I even felt myself getting a little wet down there from him talking about my wetness, like he somehow summoned it by speaking of it. And little nerdy Tyler from chess club knows how to locate a clitoris and even loves giving a woman oral! Goddamn, why haven't I ever asked him out yet? That was obviously a big gigantic mistake. I made a serious mental note right there that even if he isn't the biggest or prettiest of guys, Tyler might be seriously good in bed and worth a shot.

Ok damnit, I need to stop lusting over everybody so hard once they start complimenting me like this or else my first time is going to be a gang bang! Actually...do I WANT a gang bang with a dozen or so beautiful men and women all there to service me and me alone in a fever of unending pleasure that never ends because my servants can just rotate in and out when they get tired or sore? Could Minka actually make that a reality? If I dressed up as her one day, could I lure Tyler, that Ben guy, Cliff, Ava, and anyone else I could ever want to grant me 12 hours in a row of orgasmic bliss? AHH! No, bad Sophie, you're too horny right now! Dial it down right now before you have to change panties!

I have probably gone far too long without answering his question to me. "Yes! Yes that's good. Whew, that kinda got me hot a little bit, naughty boy"

Tyler looked away from me shyly "Heh. So what about you? I know you like girls. What do you like best about her?"

Oooook, that's a question that I don't know how to answer. Lusting after myself is a little weird, especially with all of my insecurities and the flaws that only I can see apparently. Then again, lusting after myself is exactly how this whole thing started. Besides, I have to keep up my cover, and normal Sophie would not be too shy to describe in great detail how much she loves a girl like Minka.

"Well..." I started "I agree with you, her pussy is to die for, and that last picture is...well wow, it's just wow, right?"

I didn't want to admit it to him for a multitude of reasons, but my very last picture was the first one that I got off to during my fun session. The explicitness was such a turn-on, as I just imagined the extreme intimacy of a girl actually sending that picture to someone, a picture of ultimate pornographic vulnerability that could only be shared with a person's true love. The fact that the entire damn school is seeing that view of me right now is such a massive source of embarrassment.

Then again, there was one other picture that I used the most as that day went on so I confessed honestly "Still, my favorite picture is this one from the front which shows her whole body with her hands behind her head. She looks so confident, so intense, and so sure of her own sexiness here. I just imagine her stripping for me, posing like this to make me weak, and then giving me a lap dance all to seduce me and turn me into her slave." I wasn't making that fantasy up either, that was what kept going through my mind on Sunday and why I kept going back to that particular image. While I am such a blatant sub, in my mind Minka is a dom who could bend anyone to her desires.

Tyler smiled "You're so cute when you hit subspace, anyone ever tell you that?"

I gasp "WHAT??? What...what do I look like when I do that? IS IT THAT OBVIOUS??"

He started laughing at me, yet here I am blushing like mad. I didn't realize that anybody could tell when I slipped into subspace fantasizing about someone being dominant to me! Also the revelation that Tyler knew what "subspace" was just tipped me off that he must be just as into kink stuff as I am. Not to mention he just called me cute, and I was already riding a horny high from his earlier compliments to Minka. Now I'm imagining Tyler pinning me to the wall behind me and having his way with me right here in public. I need to stop letting my horny mind run amok today before I go crazy!

Finally he answered "It's not super duper obvious, no, but your face gets really red, your eyes get glossy, and your entire body language changes to make yourself smaller. Like, you pull your arms towards your chest usually and lower your head. It's something I've noticed in the past."

I reply "Well no, nobody has ever told me that before. Thanks, I suppose."

Tyler giggled again "Don't mention it. Although if you want, I'll totally buy you a collar for your birthday next month and you can wear it around school, staying in subspace all day"

Ok, there's no way that he could've known that being collared in public actually WAS one of my biggest fetishes, but there's also no chance that I'm admitting to that right now. I quickly answer him "Let's not!"




Actually sitting through 5th period was uneventful and overall boring, especially since the teacher took all of our phones. Honestly I enjoyed the break from my every minute being about my naked parts and the fact that everyone was looking at them. In a weird way, though, part of me was missing the feeling of being the center of everyone's attention. It doesn't make sense since I am so massively ashamed of everyone being able to see me naked like this, but somehow it feels good that everybody WANTS to keep looking at me now that they can. It makes me feel wanted and attractive. It would honestly feel worse if my pictures were out there but nobody cared to see them. I would be horrified if I was so ugly that people would reject my free nudes.

When class was over and I finally got my phone back, I noticed a whole bunch of text messages that came in while I was in there. That's a pretty odd thing in general since I don't text during classes and neither do my friends usually. I had messages from Cliff, Ava, and apparently something from my brother Arnold. I really wasn't ready for whatever Arnold had to say to me if he really was the person who leaked me, so I checked Ava first. Her message read "Just thought you might be interested in knowing that some of the cutest boys in school, Roger, Lloyd, and Albert, are all totally in love with Minka now. They're in my 5th period class and they wouldn't stop fawning over her. Lloyd even told me that if I ever found out Minka's identity that I was to ask her out for him since he's single right now. I had a feeling you might enjoy hearing that"

She's not wrong! Wow, I would sell a kidney to get a night alone with Roger, Albert, or Lloyd, and they all think that I'm sexy now. Lloyd is even trying to ask me out! I sorta squeal inside my head for a second. On the other hand, I start to get really embarrassed at the realization that all three of them, TOTAL supermodels, have seen me naked now. They're probably looking at me naked right at this very second. I no longer have absolutely anything that they haven't seen now. And honestly, how could I ever actually date any of them without revealing my identity? There's no way. I'm trapped again, stuck in the weird state where Sophie is forever alone while Minka is the hottest attraction in the school.

Ok ok, I need to move on. I bring up Cliff's messages next. There were three in a row: "I talked with a freshman I know from chess club and he doesn't think your brother was the leaker. I asked about a couple different freshmen to avoid tipping him off to what I know, but he didn't think any of them had done it"...."Nevermind, now he's telling me that he asked around and a bunch of people are saying that the leak started in Miss Wilson's class, which is your brother's first class. It looks like he might be guilty"...."So my friend apparently just went and asked your brother directly, even though I asked him not to do that sort of thing yet. Your brother is denying that he did anything and says he was sent the pictures just like anyone else. He might just be trying to avoid getting in trouble though now that the principal is on the warpath"

Great, what a fun little sequence of texts that was. I figure I might as well bring up Arnold's text now, which says "We need to talk. I'll meet you at your locker after class". Perfect, absolutely perfect. This will give me the chance to execute my sibling before 6th period. Unless somehow he is innocent, but then why else would he be texting ME? Oh crap...what if he's actually innocent and instead he just recognized me from the pictures? Ugh, that would be utterly humiliating. Now I don't know which option is worse.

I rush over to my locker, figuring that I need as much time as I can get before I have to book it toward gym for 6th period. As soon as I see Arnold rage fills me. All of my humiliation and agony today just floods to the surface even before he says a word. The look of guilt is written on his face. I somehow manage to calmly speak one word without exploding "Explain"

I must've looked extremely scary in that moment, because he put up both hands to defend himself while whispering "It wasn't my fault! It was Jerry!"

I repeat myself, but louder "EXPLAIN!"

Arnold made sure to be extremely quiet in the crowded hallway as he told me "You forgot that your tablet is logged into your Google account, and I brought both of our tablets to Jerry's house yesterday, remember? We were playing a new game and his computer sucks. You agreed to it! I didn't know that you were going to start taking naked pictures while we were gone!"

Fuck. Fuck fuck, he's right! I didn't even think about the fact that he had my tablet yesterday! It would've brought up a notification every time I took a picture. Whichever one of them was using my computer would've been linked to each picture the moment I took it.

I closed my eyes "And then what?"

He continued "I was using your computer and he was using mine. I was actually trying to AVOID him snooping through your stuff, but I kept getting those annoying notifications while we were trying to play a match. When we finished I clicked on it to see what it was about. I DIDN'T KNOW IT WAS GOING TO SHOW ME A BUNCH OF YOUR NAKED PICTURES! And Jerry was sitting right next to me when I did it, so he saw everything."

Wonderful. Jerry was always a little brat, and now that little brat has seen me naked just like everyone else.

Arnold kept explaining "But here's the problem...I didn't recognize you at all at first, because you looked so different from usual. We actually thought you were taking pictures of a secret new girlfriend that you were screwing at home once you got the house to yourself. I didn't actually figure out that it was you until after I got home and really looked at the pictures closely."

He looked at my pictures closely. UGH!!! Oh my God, I do NOT want to know if my brother was getting off to me. Nope, nope, NOPE! Just the fact that I know my perverted little brother was looking at my boobs, butt, and pussy is mortifying and horrifying enough by itself. If he was actually jerking to me, then I sincerely hope that he recognized me right as he neared the edge just so that the shock gave him horrible blue balls and he couldn't finish! I don't care if that sounds petty.

I harshly whispered "So you're telling me that you and Jerry saved my pictures thinking it was my non-existent girlfriend? Do you understand how wrong that was on, like, multiple levels?"

He snapped back "Hey! If you stumbled across a schoolmate's naked pictures, you would've saved them. You were the one acting all thirsty when that one dude's dick pic leaked last year. Don't act innocent."

I mean he's not wrong, but still. "Ok yeah fine, but this is crossing the line Arnold! I would've kept the pictures in secret, I NEVER would've leaked them to everyone everywhere like this."

Arnold pitifully apologized "I'm sorry! I didn't do it, he did. Even before I knew it was you I told him not to show those pictures to anybody or else you were going to kill us, but he didn't listen. He told a few people that the pictures were of HIS girlfriend, but most people knew that was a lie. I never actually told him it was you because... Well ok, promise not to laugh or make fun of me, but I said lots of things that I now super duper regret saying, if you get my drift. Not being weird...but you look good, and I didn't know that shit was you! I'm embarrassed enough as it is. I didn't want him to know that I said that stuff about my own sister because he would tease me for the rest of my life."

I snapped "Boy I don't even want to HEAR about YOUR embarrassment after today! Fine, nobody else can recognize me in those pictures either. Even you took several hours and you live with me. So you're saying that Jerry had all of my pictures from yesterday, not knowing that it was actually me, and that he was the one who started sending them all over the mother fucking school?"

He softly answered "Yes. I'm really sorry, Sophie, I swear it. At least nobody else seems to know that it's you. People keep asking me and Jerry who you are though, so word is getting out that we started this. I keep denying it but I'm worried that Jerry might spill the beans about your 'girlfriend' if they put enough pressure on him"

In a voice of pure stone cold serial killer level calmness I told Arnold "I will get even with your friend, no matter what it takes. If you don't want to join him, you'd better never tell a soul about me being Minka."

Suddenly very confused, he asked me "Wait, who?"

Oops. Idiot.... Why did I say that? That was a complete accident! I'm not wanting everyone to know my code name, but I guess I might as well tell Arnold at this point. "Minka is the codename I came up with for 'the girl in the pictures' so that I could talk about them in public with a couple of my friends who know without worrying about people over-hearing us. To put it in nerd terms, Sophie is Clark Kent, Minka is Superman. Don't go telling that to people though"

He smirked "You really should use 'Supergirl' in your metaphor, but I get it." He then very softly told me "I really am truly sorry, Sophie. I never meant for any of this to happen."

I put my hand on his shoulder "Look, it's ok. I understand, and I'm not mad at you. Today has just been so humiliating for me. Every boy in school (and the girls too) have all gotten to see me naked and they even get to keep the pictures. Could you imagine if every girl in school had pictures of your dick? Imagine seeing them everywhere you look, following you around, mocking you. That's my life right now. These pictures might last for my entire life, my whole life. If people find out that it's me...my old life is over. Even just people seeing those pictures of me anonymously makes me want to just jump off a bridge. I feel like such a dirty trashy slut, and those pictures aren't even SLIGHTLY tasteful. Some of them are straight porn. If I do get found out...I might actually go jump for real just to make it all end."

Arnold suddenly hugged me, which I was not expecting one ounce since we never hug. It was surprisingly comforting. He then told me "Don't ever joke about hurting yourself, that's not cool and you know it. Nobody will ever find out who you are, you made yourself look massively unlike yourself in the face in those pictures. And even if they did, then the whole school would just finally start to appreciate how good you look, that's all. It wouldn't be a bad thing, you'd honestly be the most popular girl in school if they knew."

I hugged him back "Maybe...but that doesn't make me feel like any less of a degenerate loser. I don't want everyone laughing at me and making fun of me, or treating me like an object...."

He then added "Trust me...it would be fine. Basically all of my friends want to bang you now. Jimmy offered me $100 cash for your phone number because of the rumors that I know you. I don't even know where he got that much money. Not gonna lie...I almost gave it to him."

I stared at my brother "Don't you dare, little man!"

Arnold laughed "You know actually, you should setup a fake Telegram account for, what was it? 'Minka'. Yeah that way you and I could get paid for hooking people up with her, without having to give anybody your actual phone number or anything. And then you can just ghost them if they get weird or whatever"

...Huh.

I basically think out loud "Damnit. That's not a bad idea! Wait, then how would I explain the fact that I know this girl when nobody else does? Bah, that would never work it would be too suspicious."

Arnold then told me "You might as well make the account and just tell everyone 'nunya beezwax' if they ask."

I roll my eyes "Smooth, boy. Reeeeeal smooth. They'll never suspect a thing, totes legit. Look I think I am going to make a fake account for Minka just to have it and maybe use it as some kinda decoy away from me in some way, but for now we really do need to get to class before we're late. Bye!"

On my way to class I texted Cliff and the others informing them that Arnold's friend Jerry was responsible for the leak but that he didn't know who I was either. I told them that I wanted to make him suffer for that somehow and wanted their help with ideas. Haylee's idea was the best one: Eye for an eye, I needed to leak HIS naked pictures all over the school to get even. I have no clue how to make that happen though.

Weirdly, I also felt myself filled with an odd desire to actually create the chat account for Minka, so I signed up for a basic account quickly before I reached the classroom. I can't explain it well, but I think part of me actually wants to be able to roleplay as Minka in a safe environment where nobody knows that it's really me behind the keyboard. But could I pull this off without it backfiring against me and ruining it all?


Part 4:

As soon as I sat down in my chair for art, I quickly sent Minka's Telegram account info to Arnold and my friends. I explained that it was meant to handle any issues with needing a decoy, or if people were offering us money for contact information and what not. I told them all to keep quiet that any of us knew Minka in order to avoid suspicion.

Art class was sure to be "fun". Somehow I had this huge feeling of fear going into this class specifically today. It was most likely due to the fact that Mr Bergson is guaranteed to talk about today's big news, because he was always big on incorporating daily moments, memes, and images into his lectures, even if the content was adult in nature. It doesn't help matters that he's really smoking hot for an older guy and he's only around 30 years old or so. Let's just say that I'm extremely nervous about what he's going to say about my pictures.

I'm also quite worried about him recognizing me. While everyone else was fooled by make up, no glasses, and my hair being down, Mr Bergson has an impeccable eye for detail and talks about how no two faces are identical and that sort of thing. Out of all of the people in this school, he is BY FAR the most likely to recognize me. I'm going to make it a point to not look directly at him all class today in the hopes that he doesn't pick up on my secret, assuming he hasn't already.

"Greetings and salutations, classmates!" he opened, as usual. "I'm sure that every single one of you is aware of what today's Current Event discussion is going to feature. Yes, you guessed it. THOSE pictures. Now what you're not expecting, I'm sure, is that we're actually going to spend the entire class today focused on them. Not just for tittilation purposes, boys. No, this incident has given me a wonderful excuse to compare and contrast depictions of the nude female throughout the various millennia, showcasing how very little has truly changed while highlighting those key few differences that make all the...difference."

Damnit! I knew we were going to discuss my pictures, but I didn't know we were going to devote the entire freaking class to them! Great, just great. What more can this day throw at me?

As if to answer my question, Mr Bergson continued "Now, quite obviously the only real way for us to discuss the artistic applications and references of today's new model will be for me to bring up the pictures in question on the big screen, including the more risqué and uncensored ones." Are you KIDDING ME??? He just kept going on as if he didn't just say the craziest damn sentence in high school history "Please try to behave yourselves. Any lewd comments or inappropriate actions will be punished, and if needed I will send you all one by one to see our esteemed principal. I will also accept zero comments which are disrespectful or derogatory towards the model in these pictures. She is to be treated the same as if she modeled the Mona Lisa, without any toxic efforts to put her down or call her immoral. Now, without further ado...our first picture."

Casting from his phone to the TV, the first picture he chooses comes on the screen. There I am: Naked, sideways shot that still shows both boobs and my kitty, and me gently biting my finger. Friggin' hell, he couldn't start off with a more tame shot? My face turns red as hell just staring at myself on the big screen like that, and I quickly look around to see the entire class staring at my nakedness. Many of the boys give a light cheer and hoot of approval of me, despite the warning to behave earlier. Mr Bergson ignored that for now.

Suddenly I realize that with the high resolution and size of the 70 inch TV screen that I was suddenly in huge danger of being recognized by anyone here! I have to avoid looking directly at anyone during this class in order to avoid them noticing that the girl on the big screen and me both have remarkable similar facial shapes. Mr Bergson is sure to notice, I know it. There's no way that someone like him is going to miss this, there's no way. This man memorizes shadows and tiny beauty marks when painting people he knows from memory! He's going to recognize me, out me, and then turn me in to the principal and the cops. I'm doomed!

Mr Bergson gestured towards the screen "There she is. Quite the beauty, am I right?" Most of the class verbally agrees with him all at once, which sends a tingle down my spine. Whoa. I wasn't quite ready for that feeling to be as intense as it was. There's something extremely sexy about an entire classroom of 30+ students simultaneously saying that I am beautiful. I have to be careful not to allow myself to get too overwhelmed by any compliments this class, however. My concentration has to remain on trying to avoid being recognized.

After calling me a beauty, Mr Bergson continued "Now, it has come to my attention that the rumors declare this young lady to be a student at our exceptional school, but that whoever she is has chosen to remain anonymous. I cannot be certain of the validity of this claim, obviously, but let's just say that I have my doubts that these belong to any of our students. Whether that story turns out to be true or false, the original story itself intrigued me. You can see the extensive use of colored eye shadow on this model, working akin to a mask in a way. It reminds me of Robin from Batman and Robin, hiding nothing but the eye region yet somehow functioning as a form of identity concealment. Perhaps this model truly was intending on remaining anonymous, however it would quite frankly be impossible to remain unknown once the pictures were sent out to their original recipient. Caller ID has been a thing since before any of you younglings were born."

Everybody is focusing on my face now, including Mr Bergson. How has he not recognized me yet? How long can I possibly escape him figuring it all out? I'm trembling in my seat as the anticipation is killing me of him or one of the other students identifying me. I can't take this pressure, I almost feel like fainting.

He continued on "No, I believe the heavy make up was used to hide flaws that the model feels insecure about. That's generally how make up is used in regular life after all. There was a clear intention by the model to transform herself into an ideal beauty, and the use of such extensive coloring and design in both the eye region and the overall face areas suggests that this transformation was a significant one overall. It really gives off a vibe that this woman, who we all agree is very pretty and sexy, does not see herself in that same light at all. The masking effect of the make up tells me that this girl is consumed with feelings of inadequacy that she is powering through by use of transformation into "someone else". Someone she believes to be better than her, or an idealized version of herself that she doesn't believe she could ever equal in real life. Her posing reflects this as well, as the model is very tensed and presenting herself instead of using a more neutral or relaxed positioning. She hides her true self away from the controls possible behind the lens. This is the great power of photography when done correctly."

Wow. I honestly can't believe he pegged me so well just by looking at my face. Luckily he still hasn't recognized me in there, but aside from that he just unpacked my personality to the entire class with ease. I'm getting more and more worried as he talks about the disguise aspect of my make up though, because he practically just came out and said that the pic girl doesn't look anything like that in real life. That was honestly my biggest advantage towards avoiding detection.

Once Mr Bergson finished commentary on my face, he switched up to my body "Next we have her body itself. Yes yes, we will be discussing the nudity of these pictures directly. Simmer down, people. Now before I begin with my own observations, who here would like to offer theirs first? Please try to conduct yourselves with dignity at all times. Yes, this woman is extremely attractive and sexy, but crude comments are not productive. Jason, you first"

A boy I don't know at all named Jason spoke "My comment is that there is extreme sexual energy here, not just from the nudity. Like, she's shaven bald, her nipples are pointing out like an inch, she's biting her finger, and she's giving the camera eff-me eyes. Some of the other pics she's spreading herself or bending way over. This girl wants people to look at her and she's basically getting off to the camera. A lot of time women taking naked pics for money just look bored and it's a turn off. This woman is ABOUT IT. I think that's one of the reasons everyone's so into her. Well that, and she's basically flawless."

Wow Jason-guy-I-don't-know, wow. Me flawless? Not even close, but thanks for saying it at least. Him saying that gave me a warm feeling. He's not wrong about how horny I was taking those and how I seriously was getting off to the camera though. Is that really the secret to why everyone loves Minka more than Sophie? Maybe as Sophie I need to stop hiding my constant horniness so desperately all of the time if other people find it a turn on.

Mr Bergson smiled "Ha, flawless for this generation, yes. I want to come back to that because that was my take and I need to elaborate on what I mean by that, but yes thank you for that statement. The rest of what you said is accurate as well. There is a profound sexual energy in this picture and the others as well. Sexual arousal of the target audience was clearly the goal of this photoshoot, and the model's genuine feelings of sexual arousal herself lent themselves to the final whole. This is why I have always said that as artists you should always pull from your heart, from your true feelings and experiences. As Jason said, it's a 'turn off' if the artist and the work are not aligned completely. I am very glad that he made that connection. Two more student observations before I comment on her 'flawlessness', who wants to go next? Linda."

Linda I know and have done group projects with. She is a sweet freshman girl innocent as an angel. I'm suddenly uneasy about her looking at me naked and making comments on it because I just can't imagine her connected to sexual things at all. She's like a child in my mind.

Still, she spoke "What I got from all of these pictures was a major vibe of her being lonely. She's taking her own pictures, instead of having a boyfriend take them, and all of them feel like a cry for attention, affection, and love. She's so amazingly beautiful that she comforts herself by being the model in front of the camera, but deep inside she is desperate for the viewers on the other side of the camera to come join her and love her. Her face didn't just give me sexual vibes, there was sadness mixed in from her not having access to a man at that moment. A couple of the pictures at the end were extremely graphic...basically the type of pictures no girl would ever take unless they were desperate for somebody to compliment them and want them. I think the model is single, maybe recently dumped, and all of this was a revenge coping mechanism. She may have even sent these to her ex to show him what he was missing, only for them all to be leaked all over school."

Freaking hell, I didn't sign up to be roasted for my desperation today. I mean she's mostly right, but damn. The fact that Linda is talking about my FULL album means that she's already been perving on all of the pictures like everyone else, which made me cringe a little bit out of embarrassment. It's just so weird to think of such a young and pure girl looking at porn, especially porn of me!

Mr Bergson nodded "An interesting theory. I'll admit that I saw bits of that loneliness in a few of the pictures myself. I don't feel like commenting directly on how 'desperate for sex' a young girl is, especially considering that nearly all adolescents are thinking about that subject all day every day. Still, there is clearly a longing for it, which goes back to Jason's point about the model's authentic feelings carrying into her photography so well."

He then waved his hands wildly "I'm going to take one more comment, but this time I'm picking one of you shy ones with your hand down trying to hide. Sophie! You look like you're quite embarrassed to be looking at a picture of a naked girl, purportedly a classmate even. No need to be so shy, tell us what you think."

Mother of shit! I can't believe he just called on me. I have to say something and try to avoid the entire class, and Mr Bergson himself, all realizing that I'm Minka the picture girl! "Um, I don't know. It's embarrassing because...you know...she's hot...and naked... and it's awkward looking at it in class, that's all"

He tilted his head "Oh come on, I know you better than that. Everyone who knows you is aware that you are openly and proudly bisexual, which I admire you for, so you have no reason to be afraid of enjoying the view on screen too strongly. Some of the boys are making it quite clear how strongly they appreciate our model, even if they aren't aware of just how obvious that interest is right now. Please, give me your real insight. Nobody will judge you"

Damnit. I'm trying to get the attention off of me before it's too late! Fine, I have to just say something quickly "Ok yeah, she's hot as hell and flawless like Jason said, and clearly pissed off about being all alone that minute like Linda said. I guess the main thing I noticed that hasn't been said yet is that....the model starts off tame, but then becomes more and more horny with every picture until she's just basically gushing by the end. Taking those pictures was obviously foreplay. She only stopped because she was about to explode"

Dear Lord why the hell did I just answer with the truth? Jesus I could have said anything, literally anything. Why did I just fess up to that being foreplay? Why the hell did I just admit that I was close to cumming by the end? I couldn't think of anything else to say in the moment. Am I just terrible at speaking under pressure? My heart is racing. Everyone was looking at me, and I have no way of knowing how many of them recognized me!

Mr Bergson laughed at me "Hahaha. Well, I have to say that was something that I had noticed as well. The progression was very fluid (no pun intended) both in content and exposure levels, with the model reacting physically to the increases in both. This is how professional nude pictorials are framed most commonly as a technique for building tension and sustaining a build-up from start to finish...or start to climax if I dare say it."

Funny man. Reeeeal funny. That's the 3rd time I've heard my pictorial described as "professional" though, but at least this time he included a reason for it, which made sense. I swear that was just an accident though.

He then went on while he cycled through many of the pictures in my album "So, going back to her being 'flawless', you can see several staples common in modern beauties in our model that are products of our time and reflective of our current standards. For example, you mentioned her pubis being hairless, as this trend has grown massively in popularity over the last two decades even though it was basically unheard of for millions of years of human history. Search all you want, you'll never find a classical painting that features a woman, or man, hairless in the groin region. And yet, in the modern era it is considered by many to be a flaw if a woman possesses too much hair there, or even any hair at all. Likewise, you can see how skinny this model is in the waist region as her abs are nearly completely flat going from her chest to her pubis without any bulge. This was very uncommon in older art and would be seen as unnatural in their times. Part of the wonder of cameras allows models to suck in their tummies before taking pictures, attempting to present themselves as being skinnier than they are naturally because thinness is viewed as extremely important in our era. Artwork from before the camera age did not use this concept, because changing a person's appearance for a few seconds was not seen as useful for painting or sculpting them. Sure, artwork often changed and stylized the appearance of the models in question, but that was not one of them usually. There is also the model's breasts, which are on the smaller size but having the advantage of being perky and pointing out without any artificial assistance. This body type has been very popular nowadays, where just a few decades ago huge breasts were seen as essential. Older art varied wildly on what sizes of breasts were seen as ideal, varying based on time period, region, and the artist themselves. Still, for the current year, this girl's size and lack of sag would be considered 'flawless'. Another key area is her butt. Modern women are expected to have very rounded butts despite thin waists and thighs allowing for thigh gap and that sort of thing. This model is lucky enough to have all of the criteria. She is nearly perfect in every way for you Gen Z types. Twenty years from now, Gen Alpha may disagree. That's why artistic female nudes have always fascinated me, because you can identify the era and region of a nude picture just be looking at certain targets in the models. It's really neat"

I'm blushing so hard right now. He did it so casually and academically, but this hot teacher of mine just told the entire class a detail by detail analysis of how 'flawless' of a model I am and the whole time I'm just sitting here getting warmer and warmer. I've never seen myself as being anything but average at best my whole life, so all of the attention from today has truly shattered a lot of my negative self-image. It's also making me horny again, damnit! I really don't need to be having naughty thoughts about a teacher, even if he's hot and not all that much older than I am. He displayed some classical nude female works next to compare to me, such as Birth of Venus. It was unreal to have a professional art teacher compare little me to the Goddess of Love and other artworks that have been loved for centuries.

Mr Bergson then switched it up "So I mentioned specifically female nudes changing over time. Well, that's because the male ideal in art has remained remarkably the same for thousands of years. It's only very recent that the ideal started to switch around to things like pretty boys, or guys with lumberjack dad bods. All throughout history men were depicted with muscles because nobody really asked the women their opinions quite frankly. It was more the male power fantasy pushed forth. Now we're learning that many body types appeal to women, which includes muscles of course."

On the screen during his speech were several nude men from art, including things like the statue of David, a bunch of Greek art, some African and Asian men, and even some pictures of male models from the last several decades with various body types. All the naked men were really sexy, not going to lie, and I was not ready for the sudden shift from looking at myself in embarrassment to suddenly looking at major eye candy. I guess for everybody else it was eye candy to eye candy, but that's not the point. I was already getting horny from all of the compliments and attention on my own pictures, so now I was crossing over into the deep realm where my mind is lost in lust. I need to catch myself before I embarrass myself!

None of us though were ready for the next big shocker as a picture of a slightly younger Mr Bergson himself came on the screen wearing only a towel, skin covered in mist, harsh lighting with shadows, looking SMOKING hot. This man has abs to kill for, something that I never knew until now because he has to wear shirts to teach (a stupid rule I now completely disagree with!) The whole class erupted in squeals and hoots from the sudden reveal, including me by accident. So much for catching myself! Consider the horniness line of no return crossed.

Mr Bergson waved everyone down "Ok ok, I expected that would get a reaction from you all. It may surprise some of you to learn that I have done some extreme photography myself, especially when I was in college. And this brings me to my next point, and it's going to be a very controversial point indeed. Nude photography, and nude selfies included, are NOT a dirty thing or something to be ashamed of. They are an expression of a person's artistic vision just the same as any other, merely using the human body as the canvas. Especially in the modern era it has become massively common for people to take nude pictures of themselves and then share these pictures with loved ones or even just friends. Being honest, no judgements...show of hands, how many of you here today have sent someone a selfie in the nude, tasteful or otherwise, parts covered or exposed?"

I kept my hand down. I was lying after what I did earlier with Tyler, but in a way I was sending Minka's pictures so it didn't count. Either way, I just couldn't bring myself to raise my hand here. I was amazed at how many of the other classmates rose their hands though, since it was over half of them. And holy crap, "innocent" Linda was one of them! What? How? Have I just been misreading that girl this entire class somehow?

Our teacher proudly clapped "Very good, very good. I am one of them myself, and in fact have modeled for several nude photos. I've done the selfie thing, but I've also been to actual studios for a handful of modeling photoshoots done by a professional. This picture here is one of my favorites from one of my professional albums.

Mr Bergson then shocked us all with the next words out of his mouth "The next picture that I'm going to show you all is one without the towel. Yes, with everything I have showing. I figured that this last image of the day required adequate build-up before I clicked over to it, to ensure that you were all ready for such a thing"

Oh my! Ok! I never in a million years ever imagined that I was ever going to get to see my hot art teacher naked. The anticipation drives me crazy as I can't even blink waiting on this stunning man to click to the next one in the line. He takes his time too, enjoying the suspense. Bastard. Finally he clicks over and there he is on the big screen in his birthday suit, naked head to toe, still wet all over his skin, one hand on his hips, one hand on his chest, with at least 8 inches of pleasure sticking straight out of his midsection. WOW!!! I covered my mouth with my hands in shock, but nothing was ever covering these eyes as long as that picture remained on the screen. The other girls seemed just as happy as I was. Most of the boys seemed unhappy, but they don't matter right now.

Mr Bergson then asked "Now, I'm going to ask the same three students for their observations of my own nude picture, comparing them directly to the girl model from earlier. Let's all pay attention to these responses carefully. Jason?"

Jason, who I'm guessing is straight by his look of pure horror and overall uncomfortableness, responded "Uh..I guess I'll say that yours looks more professional than the girl's pics did, but you also look authentically horny or whatever"

Mr Bergson smirked "Oh yes. You should've seen the woman who was taking the pictures. She wanted as authentic a physical reaction as possible from me, so she and I had matching outfits for this pictorial even if she was behind the camera the whole time. It most certainly helped. Linda?"

In contrast to Jason, Linda was on cloud nine and absolutely bouncing, red in the face with obvious arousal "I just want to begin with WOW! You look good, Mr Bergson. Flawless, to steal Jason's word. Any chance you can send me this picture for my own little art collection?"

He giggled "Believe it or not, no. Normally I wouldn't have an objection in theory to sharing my nude artwork with others, but it would not be appropriate given the student/teacher dynamic here, nor your age. I will comment, however, that this picture and others do exist on my photographer's professional webpage, and that I can't be held responsible if any of you were able to locate them on your own. Still, I need your observations on the picture, not just compliments."

Linda tried to get herself together "Ok...um...Well, you look like you're being directed is one thing. You don't look as natural as she does in that type of pose, as if the camera lady was telling you what to do"

Mr Bergson nodded "Accurate. Oddly enough, I find myself enjoying her poses more than my own natural poses, even though that may be a reflection of my own insecurities. Relinquishing control to her was very liberating in the moment, allowing my body to be the canvas for her vision instead of my own. I was happy with the results, and this shot was among my all-time favorites. And now onto Sophie. What is your take over there with your face covered?"

Crap, I forgot I was still sitting here in a state of shock looking like a low-budget ninja. That's embarrassing, so I threw my hands down. I could feel myself obviously blushing just as hard as Linda was, but I was not wanting to make a fool of myself. At least this time I had warning that I was going to be called on and had thought up a decent response.

"You have so much confidence. I mean dang man, you just showed all of us here your naked picture like it didn't phase you at all! Even in the picture you don't look even slightly afraid of being seen or judged. I can't even imagine being like that. The picture girl doesn't have that at all, she's just pretending. And it's probably crushing her that her pictures leaked for everyone in the entire school to see them."

Mr Bergson frowned "I would hope that the model would come to accept her own public nudity and cast aside any fears or doubts, but you are correct in that there is a significant difference in confidence level. This was not some magic trick on my part, though. It just came from experience, as by this point I had already done several nude works either by myself or with others. Modeling for a live figure drawing class was the really scary experience, trust me on that one."

As he shut off the screen, finally hiding his nudity from us all, he worked to close out the class "Either way, I think my overall point for all of this class today is to ensure that all of you come to see artistic nudes as something that has existed for as long as human beings have been making art at all. I have heard some unpleasant things said about the model in these new pictures, questioning her character and the like. Even our principal has said things that I found wholly inappropriate and I have confronted him about this. Taking nude selfies is a natural part of teenage years and young adulthood. Many young people take them even if they never share them with anyone else. It's a form of expression, as well as foreplay as Sophie put it earlier, and no person should be judged for such things. I, your role model, have taken many nude pictures myself and I even shared one with you all here and now to make the point that there should not be any negativity revolving around such pieces of unfiltered uncovered beauty. So your homework assignment tonight, which is going to be a very weird one that I obviously can't grade in any way, but your homework assignment is to learn to appreciate your own nude selves tonight. You can take selfies of yourself as part of this, or just model in front of a mirror if you aren't brave enough for that. I would recommend not sending pictures out to anyone that you don't fully trust, unless you're willing to risk being our next class model, but the act of taking the pictures and looking at yourself in the nude is an important step towards appreciating the work of art that each of your bodies represents. Even if you don't feel 'flawless' right now, understand that the definition of flawless changes with the wind in many cases. Enjoy what you have, and one day you will find your perfect audience...and to that person or persons, you will indeed be without flaw. That's my class for today, you may chat among yourselves for the next few minutes before the bell rings."

I don't know how to react to that homework assignment, considering that was the EXACT thing that got me in this mess in the first place. I don't want to speak up about it though for fear that it would be too suspicious. I thought about asking Linda to explain to me about her sending nudes to somebody in the past, since I'm still not completely over that shocker, but Mr Bergson suddenly called me up to his desk to ask me a private question. Crap! What could he possibly want to talk to me about?

I walk next to him on the side of his desk "Yes Mr Bergson?"

He smiled warmly "I hope my lecture today was helpful for you in dealing with today's events"

Warning! Warning! Red flag! I meekly whisper "Today is weird, yes, with some unknown girl's pictures leaking all over and all"

Mr Bergson chuckled "Come on, I know. I knew immediately. Your eyes are a fairly distinctive silvery hazel shade, and I recognized the shapes of your nose and jawline together easily. Make up and doing your hair differently wasn't going to work on me"

OH NO!! I knew it! I knew he would figure it out! It's over, my life is over. He's going to report me to the principal, I'm going to be arrested, all the other students will find out, and I'm going to be the laughing stock token whore from now on. I can't even speak as tears start to form in my eyes.

He noticed my shock and spoke to me in a calm and comforting voice "It's ok, Sophie. I don't plan to tell anyone, not even my superiors. I designed this class today around helping you to cope with your situation, letting you see that being nude in front of others was not the end of the world or anything. I even exposed myself to make that point. It's especially not a terrible occurrence when you can be described as 'flawless' by your classmates, I might add. But still, I know this is hard for you right now and that you probably feel very alone. I wanted you to know that if you needed somebody to talk to about your current stress, discreetly, that you should always feel free to come see me."

I...don't know how to respond to that. His offer is so kind though, it makes me want to cry out of happiness instead of worry. And I felt a wave of relief when he told me that he wasn't going to tell anyone about me. The only thing I can manage is to softly whisper "...Thank you"

He then told me "You're welcome. And if one day you find the courage to take credit for your anonymous artwork, I can help you avoid some of the pitfalls associated with this choice. For example, let's just say that the principal has been told by myself and others who work here that he will not, in fact, be using the threat of legal retaliation against a student for this sort of thing ever again. Miss Moon practically drilled him a new one over that fiasco of an announcement at lunch, and she was ready to bring an entire horde of women's rights advocates to join her. It was pretty funny. You should know that you are not completely alone in all of this, and that many of us will work to ensure that no harm comes to you."

I respond truthfully from the heart "Wow that's...amazing. Thank you so much. You have no idea how much the police thing has been weighing on me today...especially because my pictures were stolen without my consent in the first place! I never sent them out, they were just for me like what you said for the homework assignment. Somebody accessed my account and copied them all. I'm so ashamed and humiliated. I'm so terrified of people finding out who I am and the police thing was one of the biggest reasons, although not the only reason by far. I wish I could be as brave and fearless as you are about your nude pictures, but I will never be that confident. I know you told me that it's all ok, but I can't help but feel like a dirty slut and I don't want my entire reputation to become 'that dirty naked slut'. I'm never going to claim my pictures, ever. I'm praying that they remain anonymous forever."

He nodded "I understand. I do have one request of you though: I want you to try from now on to never think of yourself as a 'dirty slut' any more. You have nothing to be ashamed of. Your photos were very well done for an amateur self-shot album, and you looked fantastic in them. You are an artist, nothing less. People sending you negativity is an unavoidable part of all forms of art, but it's the positives that outweigh it by far and make it all worth creating in the first place. You should take a couple minutes to relax before your next class. If you wish to see me after school is out, I'll be here for an extra hour or so. Take care, Sophie!"

Sitting back in my chair I try to get my mind back into a better place. Maybe he's right and that I do need to start seeing the positives of my "art" more often. If nothing else, it has done wonders for my overall self-image to have people all day describe me as "beautiful", "dream girl", and "flawless". Either way, I only have one more class for the day: Gym. I've never been a big fan of gym, especially having it dead last in the school day. Somehow today I knew it was going to be so much worse than usual.

