Midnight Bowling
by Joe E Hartley

Big city girl moves to small town.

"So, what do you do around here for fun?" Kate asked her one and only employee.

"This isn't a big city like you're used to. You might find what we do for entertainment boring," the young woman, who knew everything about the hardware store they occupied, answered.

"Don't tell me you're into cow tipping?"

"Not exactly, but what would you say to bowling?" Judy answered with a laugh.

"You've got to be kidding me! Don't you have any clubs at all, or at least a concert every now and again? How about happy hours?"

"The bars around here are normally boring, but you can get a drink at the bowling alley. We bowl every Friday night, if you're interested."

Kate moved to this small rural town from LA two weeks ago after her grandparents died, leaving her a home and a small hardware store. Judy had been their employee and now stayed on to help Kate keep the store running.

Kate had been between jobs and found that she had time to check out the town and hardware store. She had spent several of her childhood summers helping out her grandparents in this store and it held a lot of fond memories.

As an adult now she found that the town lacked the fast-moving energy she knew in LA. Here, at least, she had a place to stay without the fear of a rent increase or an eviction every month. She actually owned the house, but it did need a bit of repair and she was not handy with tools. She found the irony funny that she now owned a hardware store and didn't know what half the items in the store were used for.

She also had a steady job, something she had trouble attaining in LA. Her income wasn't consistent and was pretty low, but she also had fewer expenses and little available that cost money.

~

Kate agreed to check out the Friday night bowling with Judy since there were few, make that no, other options. She figured that she needed to meet the locals and see if she could tolerate living in a one-horse town.

They met at the bowling alley the following Friday night at ten o'clock. They called it midnight bowling, but this was a small town and the sidewalks had to be rolled up at sunset.

This wasn't LA. That fact was readily apparent when she drove into the dirt parking lot outside of the only building with a neon sign.

The bowling alley was much smaller than she imagined. A counter took center stage and a bar seemed to grow out of it. The lanes filled the area behind.

Judy helped Kate get her shoes and pick out a bowling ball. She also explained a little of what she could expect tonight.

"We all throw our names into a hat and then pick the groups that will play together for the night. It's two men and two women per team. It's fun, but there are penalties for losing."

"You know, I'm not a very good bowler," Kate admitted.

"Actually, that doesn't matter so much. It's all about the team average and how close that is to a preset number. By the way, it's an automatic loss if you intentionally throw a gutter ball.

"I never intend to."

The teams were chosen and Kate was allowed three practice balls, mainly to let her new teammates see how good, or bad, she was. She surprised herself by knocking down some of the pins with every throw of the ball.

She also met and liked her teammates. They didn't seem to care that she wasn't very good at bowling and encouraged her after every time she threw the ball. The two men were also very hot. This might be a good way to meet the locals in a casual way before they came into the store.

This might be a very good thing after all, she thought, especially after one of the good-looking guys brought her a drink. She wasn't that bad looking but back home she had to do a bit of flirting before a guy would offer to buy her a drink and few were ever as good looking as the man in front of her right now. He asked how she liked the small town and after she indicated that she was still learning her way around, he offered to show her the sights before moving on to join his teammates. She kicked herself for not getting his name, but in a town this size everyone already knew everyone else and their histories. She could ask Judy later and maybe learn more about this man than she would find out on any dating site back in LA.

Just after she finished the second frame, Kate found out more of the rules. The average score for the four of them had to be 125, and the team furthest from that number had to remove their pants. This was strip bowling.

This might not be too bad, Kate considered, since there wasn't a man here that she wouldn't like to see naked or, for that matter, would kick out of bed. She hadn't had any male companionship in a while and that meant this girl needed some fun.

Her teammate Jimmy set down another drink in front of her. Yes, tonight could be a lot of fun, she thought while eyeing his biceps and work hardened hands.

Kate's team lost the first game, so she and her teammates removed their pants, as did half of the other thirty plus people here. She was glad she'd worn her sexy undies.

There were more people here than she had seen together in one place since she arrived in town. This seemed to be the place to be on Friday nights.

The second round started, as did another round of drinks. Kate also learned of more new rules. Now side bets could be placed. She looked forward to learning more about these side bets. Kate and her team were now playing against another pantsless team, one with two more very good-looking men.

Kate drooled over the new man who now bowled against her. He was much better at this than she was, knocking down most of the pins with every ball he rolled, and he looked really good delivering that ball. She made sure she had a good view as he made his approach and since he wasn't wearing pants, she could see the strong muscles working. Her mind wandered, thinking of the force those muscles could deliver thrusting. She felt herself turning red and looked away. She secretly hoped he watched her delivery with the same level of interest as she watched his. She added a bit of body English just to make sure.

They were on the fourth frame when he offered her a side bet. She had to knock down at least three pins to win. The drinks must have had an effect on her as she didn't understand what she was betting, before accepting. All he said was "chest". One of her teammates told her that the winner got to feel up the loser's chest until it was time for them to bowl again.

She must have been distracted, thinking about her hands all over this man's chest, when she rolled the ball down the alley because she paid no attention on the ball, nor the pins. She wanted her hands under his shirt, but this bet was for hands on top of clothes only. She turned back toward the attractive man with her hands outstretched before the ball she'd thrown had reached the pins.

She heard laughter from the two teams, then a sound of disappointment. She turned around to see ten pins still standing.

For the next five minutes, she enjoyed the winner's hands on her breasts. He knew exactly how to massage her breasts to make her hot and now wet. She wanted so much more, but the erotic touch stopped abruptly. She looked up to see those sensual hands now holding a bowling ball.

He knocked down all of the pins and as she stepped up to the line, Kate looked back at him.

"Side bet?" she asked.

"Sure."

"Three pins. Ass." She turned around and took great care to roll the ball straight at the center pin. It had enough speed this time and didn't swerve over to the gutter. After contact, five pins rolled on their sides.

Now, it was her turn to caress that gorgeous ass she's been watching for the last several minutes. He stood in front of her and bent over slightly. She gripped both of his cheeks; the only obstacle being the plaid boxers he wore. She lost herself in the feel of his taut, muscular glutes and felt a loss when they again moved away to bowl the next frame.

More side bets, with several other of the male members filled the evening. She was the new girl and every man here wanted to get their hands on her.

The next team she played was topless. Kate and her team had won, so she still wore her top, but that did not stop the side bets. She found she enjoyed the male hands under her top and playing with her naked nipples.

She noticed that some of the other woman had their nipples sucked, so she decided to offer the man bowling on her team that if he could knock over at least 5 pins she's let him suck on one of her tits. He bowled a strike and asked if that meant he could suck both of her tits. She agreed.

Soon she only wore her thong and, of course, her bowling shoes. Her hands roamed freely over every naked male chest in her immediate vicinity and she felt hands on her chest just as often. She licked and sucked most of the naked male chests she saw and was likewise licked and sucked. Everyone made sure they stayed above waist level and Kate assumed there were restrictions, until the buzzer sounded.

It was now midnight and the buzzer indicated an end to the restrictive rules. The bowling alley was officially closed and all those still inside were considered guests of a private party.

There were bets on every frame now. Some she lost and some she won. It really didn't matter. She lost her panties after the third frame. Licking and sucking was no longer limited to above the waist. She enjoyed the taste of several cocks; she was the new girl after all and all of the men wanted to know how well she could suck cock.

She also enjoyed the feel of several male tongues licking between her legs and found that just like back in LA some men knew what they were doing and some didn't. She made a mental note of those who knew how to please her orally. She'd ask Judy for their names later.
