Jill
by WesternMovieFan ©

Jill was a tall, willowy brunette with a decided penchant for 
exhibitionism. One of her best friends was Steve, who owned and managed 
the Pink PUSSYkat, an upscale strip club. One aspect of their relationship 
was that Steve, who fancied himself a sort of big brother to Jill, was 
continually trying to fix her up with someone he thought would be a good 
match for her. At least the men he introduced her to were interesting, if 
not always ones Jill would have picked out for herself. The latest call 
went like this:

"I have a friend, Jeff. We've known each other for years. He was seriously 
seeing a Chinese woman who was over here studying American business 
methods. They were together for nearly two years, but about six months ago 
she had to go back to China, nothing she could do about it, and so they 
broke up. This may seem that it's coming out of left field, and it may be 
either none of my business or a stupid idea, but I've thought this past 
week that you and Jeff might hit it off.

"Here's the situation. I'm working on opening a second Pink PUSSYkat up 
the coast. I'm going to have to go out of town a lot for a few weeks, 
maybe several, and Jeff's going to watch the place here for me when I'm 
away. Eventually I'll have to get a full-time manager, but things aren't 
to that point yet. So Jeff's agreed to keep an eye on things for me. I'm 
leaving Saturday morning, and Jeff's coming by the PUSSYkat on Friday 
night to get cued in. I thought, if you're interested that you might want 
to come by, maybe about eleven p.m. or so since he and I will be pretty 
well finished with what we need to do by then. Either something will come 
of it or it won't, but I thought you might like to come by and check Jeff 
out." Steve chuckled. "I know Jeff would be more than happy to check you 
out!"

When Friday night arrived Jill considered carefully what to wear and then 
worked to give her ensemble a "special" touch. She got to The Pink 
PUSSYkat at just before eleven to find the parking lot nearly full. 
Inside, there didn't seem to be an empty seat in the place. Two topless 
dancers were dancing with abandon on the runway and getting a very 
enthusiastic response from the huge male audience. Jill made her way 
carefully among the tables, trying not to bump into any of the several 
scantily-clad waitresses or the men who were standing up or moving around 
for a better look at the dancers. She was able to navigate her way to the 
bar without incident, although a few of the men called "Hey, Baby" or "Hi, 
Good Looking" as she passed them. No one tried to grab her, and none of 
the comments sent her way were too rude, and she realized that Steve's 
place not only did a great business but that the patrons were rowdy but 
fairly well-behaved.

She found Steve sitting at the end of the bar nearest the stage, in 
conversation with another man seated next to him she supposed must be 
Jeff. She walked over and tapped Steve on the shoulder. He turned and when 
he saw who it was, promptly got up and gave her his seat. He greeted her 
and introduced her to Jeff, who acknowledged the introduction with obvious 
pleasure. He was a good-looking man, well built with humorous eyes and a 
nice smile. Jill ordered a margarita and Steve got it for her.

Jill learned that Jeff had known Steve since high school, that they were 
close friends, and that Jeff (which she already knew) was going to be 
keeping an eye on the place for Steve during the next couple of weeks. He 
told her that his "real" job was working as an architectural engineer, a 
term she wasn't familiar with.

"I'm the guy who figures out where all the plumbing goes," Jeff said with 
a laugh. "It's not very glamorous. What I really do is work with the 
architect and the builder first to see that the building design conforms 
to the requirements of its purpose for power, water, structural 
requirements, etc. Then I work with the builder to make sure that 
everything that's constructed conforms with the plans, agrees with the 
building codes, stuff like that. It's as much a blue-co1lar job as a 
white-collar one and the money is pretty good. Guys like me say the 
architect gets all the prizes and we do all the real work, but that isn't 
true. Most of the design stuff is done on computers now, so my main job is 
in the field working with the hard-hats. I like it a lot." They talked 
some more, and Jeff became more obvious about looking Jill over.

Jill was basking in Jeff's attention. She was wearing a thin black 
semi-transparent blouse with large pockets placed strategically over each 
breast. Her black bra showed through the blouse but not where the pockets 
made the blouse opaque. The first two buttons of the blouse were open, 
almost but not quite revealing a glimpse of her bra. She also wore a 
mini-skirt with tiny black and white checks and a row of buttons from 
waist to hem. The skirt stopped at mid-thigh. She was bare-legged and wore 
black sandals. 

She watched until she decided that. Jeff's interest was centered solely on 
her and not on any of the dancers who seemed to parade on and off the 
stage in a continuous stream. Jeff was leaning closer to her as they 
talked. She casually crossed her legs and a button on her skirt popped 
open, causing the skirt to gape at the top of her thighs. Jeff's eyes 
widened, and he suddenly had nothing to say.

"What's wrong, cat got your tongue?" teased Jill, knowing exactly what was 
drawing Jeff's attention. She wasn't wearing knickers, and the gaping skirt 
demonstrated the fact conclusively..

"Ah, your skirt..." Jeff began.

"What about it?" Jill was really drawing this out. She looked down as if 
noticing the open button for the first time. "Oh, you mean the button." 
Jeff nodded. "It took me six months to train that button to do that." Jill 
laughed at the surprise on Jeff's face. "Well, no, actually it only took a 
couple of minutes."

"You mean you really 'trained' the button to do that?" Jeff asked in 
amazement.

"Sure," Jill answered casually.

"I think I need a fresh drink," Jeff stated. "How about you?" Jill agreed, 
and he ordered two more margaritas. After they took a sip from the 
newly-filled glasses, Jeff asked, "Would you mind telling me how you go 
about training a button to do that? Call it professional curiosity from 
one engineer to another." Jill chuckled. 

"It's easy. Look. I'll show you." She reached down and opened the next 
button down the skirt and held the edge of the buttonhole up a bit, 
causing the skirt to gape even further. She relished Jeff's intense 
interest in what he was seeing. Jeff watched in fascination as Jill put 
the tip of her little finger in the buttonhole and twisted it back and 
forth several times. The skirt widened as she did this, revealing more of 
her thighs at their juncture with her hips. She withdrew her finger and 
looked critically at the buttonhole. 

"Not quite yet," she commented, and repeated the process until she was 
satisfied that the buttonhole was stretched to the degree she wanted. She 
uncrossed her legs and buttoned both buttons.

" Are you ready for the great experiment?" she kidded Jeff.

"Oh, you bet. I'm always interested in learning something new about design 
stress. Might be useful information in the future," he grinned.

"OK, then, here goes." Jill slowly and elaborately crossed her legs. Both 
buttons came open and the skirt gaped widely. "I'd say that was a success; 
what do you think?"

"Definitely," Jeff agreed. "I'm certainly satisfied with the results. "

"The real trick is to stretch the buttonhole enough so that the button 
will open when there is a little stress put on the skirt, like crossing my 
legs, but not stretch it so much that the button won't stay closed when I 
stand up. But that's really difficult, and I bet I overdid it. Let's see."

Jill uncrossed her legs again, buttoned the buttons, and stood up 
carefully. The buttons popped open immediately. The skirt lay flat against 
her thighs as she stood without moving. She looked down.

"See, that looks all right, even with the buttons opened. But watch!" Jill 
took a few steps backwards and the skirt opened with every movement. She 
stepped forward and the same thing happened. She shrugged and resumed her 
seat, the skirt gaping even more.

"Any questions?" Jill inquired with a smile.

"I know you wore that skirt with Steve in mind..." Jeff began.

"Never assume," Jill responded. "That might not be the case at all. In 
fact, Steve told me I might meet someone here tonight, and that's why I 
wore it."

"That puts an entirely different light on the matter," Jeff said with 
enthusiasm.

"Yes, doesn't it?" Jill smiled. "Next question?"

"What... uh, I guess I'm trying to ask, why you do it, I mean, training 
the button?."

"Don't you like to watch my skirt open like that?"

"Well, sure, of course. I mean ..." Jeff was obviously embarrassed

"Of course you do, you wouldn't be normal if you didn't. Well, I like to 
show. I knew I was going to meet someone tonight, so I tried to make my 
outfit a little 'special,' if you know what I mean."

"But you didn't know anything about me. We've never met before. I guess I 
just don't get it."

"If my first impression wasn't favorable, I never would have crossed my 
legs, the button wouldn't have opened, you wouldn't have seen anything 
unusual, and I would have found an excuse to leave after a few minutes." 
Jeff digested this for a few minutes.

"So I can assume we've made a good start?" he asked a little anxiously. 
Jill laughed.

"I think you're safe with that assumption."

"I'm still a little uncertain about your 'special' outfit. I mean, I think 
it's great, but I guess I still don't know what you're getting at, 
exactly."

"If the button didn't pop open, the skirt wouldn't gape, right?" 

"Sure, I suppose."

"If the skirt didn't gape, you wouldn't know I'm not wearing knickers," 
Jill explained, smiling sweetly. 

"I've sure never met anyone like you," Jeff said, shaking his head.

"Does it bother you that I'm frank?"

"No, no, it isn't that," Jeff replied hurriedly, "it's just that I'm not 
used to being in a situation like this, let alone talking about it." He 
thought for a moment. "I guess what I want to know is why you want me to 
know that you're not wearing any knickers."

"It doesn't mean I'm going to jump into bed with you in the next five 
minutes, if that's what you're wondering. Is it?"

Jeff reddened from his collar to his hairline. "I can't say it hasn't 
crossed my mind, but that's not it. I've never met anyone who not only 
wanted to show herself off like you do but who is willing, even eager, to 
talk about it." Jeff's falling into silence then was an invitation for 
Jill to tell him more if she wanted to, but letting her take the 
initiative. He realized she had been doing that all along.

"I'm not sure I can explain it," Jill admitted, "except that it's fun and 
I get a good sense of myself by doing it. I'm also interested in the 
reactions I get. If you had drooled all over me or tried to put some 
serious moves on me, I wouldn't be here talking with you like this. It all 
depends. Some men I wouldn't flash at all, out of self-protection. That's 
not really a problem here, because I know Steve will keep things under 
control. But in everyday situations, I have to be careful unless I'm with 
someone I know pretty well."

"How long does it take for you to get to know someone that well?" Jeff 
asked, a hopeful tone in his voice.

"Depends on the person, but in your case, I don't think it'll take longer 
than, oh, two or three years, say." Jill laughed at Jeff's woebegone 
expression. She put a hand on his arm. "I'm only kidding. Don't worry, 
you're doing fine." Jill was struck with the thought that during the past 
several minutes of conversation, Jeff had been looking at her face, not at 
her open buttons and what they revealed. He was really listening to her. 
"In fact, you're doing very well, come to think of it," she added.

"You have no idea how glad I am to hear you say that," Jeff said 
earnestly. "Another drink?" Jill nodded and Jeff signaled for two more 
margaritas.

"You know, I'm impressed," Jill went on. "You haven't looked down at my 
skirt for at least five minutes. You're allowed to, after all. You have my 
permission. My encouragement, even." 

Jeff looked down at her open buttons almost by reflex. He took a little 
time to appreciate the smooth skin of her thighs and the black curls 
framed by the opening in her skirt. Her skin was very white, and the black 
hair showed starkly by contrast. His body was responding to the visual 
stimulation, and he hoped he wouldn't embarrass himself.

"Do you always go without knickers?" Jeff seemed surprised at himself for 
asking that.

"Knickers, with or without, is a serious and complicated topic that needs 
quite a lot of exploring, don't you think?" Jill laughed at Jeff's 
dumb-struck expression. "Perhaps it will help if I tell you that until 
recently I rarely went without knickers, but now I've decided that I don't 
like to wear knickers at all, except on very special occasions. In fact, 
I'll make a deal with you."

"What's that?" Jeff asked, completely at a loss with this whole 
conversation.

"Any time you find me wearing knickers, you have my permission to take them 
off, no, better yet, to tear them off of me, right then and there."

Jeff's mouth opened and closed but no sound came out.

"You don't believe me, do you?" Jill asked in an accusing tone. "You think 
I'm the kind of person who won't honor a pledge or keep an agreement. You 
think I'll go back on a deal."

"No, no, I don't think that," Jeff blurted. "I'm sure you're someone who 
keeps your word."

"What can I do to convince you, I wonder," Jill asked as if to herself. 
She thought for a moment until her expression brightened and she smiled 
brightly at Jeff. "I know. First, are you sure I'm not wearing any 
knickers?"

"It sure doesn't look like you are!" Jeff exclaimed, again looking down at 
the gaping skirt and its two strategically open buttons.

"Don't you want to make absolutely sure?" Jill insisted. "Maybe you should 
check more thoroughly."

Jeff paused as if uncertain what to do. He reached tentatively toward the 
gaping skirt, then stopped, keeping his hand poised above the opening. 
Then he moved his hand to the hem of her short skirt, resting his palm on 
her bare thigh. He fingered the two bottom buttons and then flicked them 
open so that her skirt opened fully and fell away on both sides of her 
legs. He slender but shapely thighs were entirely uncovered, and Jeff 
could easily see the juncture where they met and the black curls adorning 
the spot. 

Jill looked down approvingly and slowly uncrossed and recrossed her legs, 
watching Jeff's eyes all the while. His eyes followed every movement of 
her legs with rapt attention.

"Are you sure now?" she asked. "Are you completely sure?"

Jeff didn't say anything but simply reached down and opened one more 
button. The skirt fell open to her waist, held on by only the top button 
at her waistband. The slight swell of her abdomen shone palely above the 
dark thatch of hair.

"I don't think there is any doubt about it now," Jeff said conclusively.

"I'm glad you're convinced I'm not wearing any knickers," said Jill. "I 
hope you know that you always have the right to check. For now you'll just 
have to take my word about tearing off any you might find."

At this point Steve came along and looked down at Jill's fully-open skirt. 


"I see you two are getting along," he chuckled, and went behind the bar 
and started taking drink orders at the other end.

"I still don't think you're completely convinced that I'm a girl of my 
word," Jill complained. "I guess I'll have to find some other way to make 
you believe me." Again she thought for a moment, then turned to Jeff and 
said, "How about this?" Jill's hand moved to her black blouse and opened a 
button, then another, revealing a glimpse of her black satin bra beneath. 

"You know, Jeff, since I've stopped wearing knickers, except for those 
oh-so-very-special occasions, I've also discovered that I don't like bras 
very much either. And that's a big change for me, because I've always been 
self-conscious about my breasts because they aren't very big. I'm 
five-nine, and my measurements are 34 - 23 - 36. My bra size is 34 B. So I 
think it's a big step for me not to be ashamed of my breasts anymore."

Jeff listened, as well as watched, as though nothing in his life had ever 
been so fascinating.

"So..." Jill continued as she opened another button. She reached inside 
her blouse and unfastened one of her bra straps. "Would you mind getting 
the other one?" she asked Jeff sweetly.

"Happy to," Jeff responded. He reached inside the blouse Jill held open 
for him and fumbled with the strap. His hand was electric against her 
skin. Jill swayed slightly against his touch. He managed to work the strap 
loose and drew his hand back.

"Can you unsnap the back strap through my blouse? It shouldn't be too 
hard, there's only one hook. Just pinch it like you were snapping your 
fingers and Presto! It should pop right open." Jeff did as she directed 
and the results were just as she predicted. Jill took her time sliding 
straps and tugging elastic until her bra was gathered at the front of her 
blouse. She managed to keep her breasts from showing, however.

"Here," she said, pulling the bra free and handing it to him. He looked at 
her blouse but was disappointed to find that the pockets hid everything 
behind them. The blouse, though unbuttoned nearly to her waist, gaped only 
enough for him to get a hint of curving flesh and some tantalizing 
cleavage.

"The bra is my little gift to you, a memento of the evening," Jill 
continued. "And if you ever find me wearing another one, you have my 
permission -- no, my request -- no, my demand! -- that you tear it off my 
body! Now are you convinced?"

Jeff swallowed and took a big sip of his margarita. "All except for one 
thing."

"And what could that be?" Jill questioned.

"I'm not convinced that there was ever any reason for you to be 
se1f-conscious about your breasts. Of course, I haven' t seen them, but. 
.." 

"I like you, Jeff!" Jill laughed. "Aren't you satisfied that I'm sitting 
here next to you with my skirt open to my waist? With nothing underneath, 
don't forget! Am I supposed to take my blouse off as well? Am I supposed 
to strip myself naked in public for you when we've just met? I think 
you've seen enough for one night. Just remember what I told you. By the 
way, when is Steve leaving?"

Jeff's head was spinning. "Tomorrow morning early. Why?"

"So that means you'll be here tomorrow night, watching the place for him. 
I might see you then."

Jill got up from her stool and backed away from Jeff. She stood for a 
moment, letting him look her up and down, getting the full effect of her 
state of partial undress. She opened another button on her blouse for good 
measure, so that it was open to her waist in a long vee. She reached down 
and tucked up the tails of her blouse under the waistband of her skirt so 
they didn't show. Jill struck a pose, her hands on her hips, her feet 
apart. The skirt framed her lower body in an inverted vee from her navel, 
her pussy clearly in view. Then she started for the door, her skirt 
opening and flaring back from her thighs as she moved. She touched Jeff 
lightly on the shoulder as she passed him and he turned to watch her make 
her way back through the room to the door. Several heads turned, suddenly 
struck by the view of her open skirt and what it revealed as she passed by. 

Jeff could see Steve standing by the door, and Jill paused to speak to him 
briefly. She leaned up and kissed him on the cheek before going out the 
door. Steve gazed after her and shook his head slightly, and no one would 
ever know what was going through his mind at that moment. 




 
