University Confessions: Jen
by Kinkyconfessions

Jen recalls how she dealt with her money problems at uni.

When I'd decided to go to university I'd looked forward to the house party's and night out clubbing whilst also getting the chance to make new friends, what I didn't realise was that it would all come at a price. My student loan had only just covered the rent of my small dorm room that was just one of almost twenty others in a communal student house. The small amount I'd had left over didn't last long after I'd bought food and travelling to uni had left me with nothing left to live off.

After two weeks of none stop nights out during freshers week I'd had nothing left for the rest of the semester but that wasn't going to stop me from going out and enjoying myself. I'd leant a small amount from my boyfriend and had been using my credit card after his money had ran out, I'd also used my talent of innocently flirting with guys who I'd gotten to buy me lots of drinks which had saved me a lot of money. Half way through my second semester however I'd racked up a huge credit card bill and unless I started to make regular payments then i wouldn't be able to use it to fund my nights out any longer.

One day I'd received a demanding email from the bank and had started to cry because I'd known I'd gotten myself into a mess I couldn't get out of. It was a hot summer day so my door was ajar to let in the air from the corridor and one of my housemates called Ben had heard me and stepped inside to see if I was ok. From what I'd known of Ben which wasn't all that much was that he seemed quite sweet, I'd spoken to him a few times during nights out and flirted a few drinks out of him however he'd avoided me ever since freshers weeks. This happened fairly often when someone had added me on social media and noticed I'd had a boyfriend or I'd told them I wasn't interested in things going any further.

Anyway Ben came inside and after helping me calm down I'd told him all about the mess I was in. It felt good to get it of my chest and actually talk about it with somebody else. I didn't expect Ben to come up with any kind of solution and I almost certainly didn't expect what he came out with next.

"There is one way that i might be able to help you out Jen. You can't be deprived of enjoying yourself and going to as many nights out as you can, after all your only at uni once. Now I know you have a boyfriend and from what I've heard your a very faithful girl, however you've done your fair share of teasing which hasn't gone unnoticed." Ben said.

Just as I'd calmed down my cheeks went back to a blood red colour a little embarrassed as I let him continue slightly confused to where he was going with his offer to help.

"I'll admit I've often thought about you sexually more than once after you'd led me on and left me wanting twice last semester, and I'm not the only one. Me and a few other guys would happily pay you to preform some of those things we'd imagined. Now you wouldn't have to do anything you wasn't comfortable with, we'd simply give you a task along with an offer and it'll be your choice if you want to accept.". He said.

"What! No way I can't do that I have a boyfriend." I told him. He edged closer to me and brought his mouth to my ear whilst his hand firmly squeezed my bare upper thigh, I was flushed and taken back from the shock of what he'd just said to react.

"Listen you need the money and not only will it help pay off your credit card but you'll still be able to go out and enjoy your uni experience with the rest of us. Did you think that Beth would keep it a secret when you'd told her how much you missed sex and how you wish you could be in her position at times whilst drunk that night? Well she told me all about it, not only do I think you want the money but I also think your going to crave how naughty this will make you feel. Whatever happens if you decide to visit us will never leave our lips, we promise that your boyfriend will never find out whatever you choose to do. I'll let you think it over, come and find me when you make a choice." He said closeup into my ear before leaving my room.

I was so embarrassed that my housemate Bethany had blurted out what I'd told her that night, I regretted telling her the moment it had escaped the mouth. The worst part was that it was true, I had in fact wondered how different life would have been at uni if I didn't have a boyfriend and the longer I'd gone without sex the more I'd wonder. I'd promised myself that I wouldn't cheat on my boyfriend Tom not matter how inclined I'd become and yet here I was contemplating the offer I'd been made and realising how wet I'd become solely from another guy squeezing my thigh.

Ben was an extremely attractive guy and I'd be lying if I like him hadn't imagined what he'd be like to fuck. As much as it would have been an easy way to make money fast and even release some of my sexual build up I wasn't prepared to become unfaithful to Tom. That sense of honourable commitment had lasted only one more week before I went to find Ben to tell him I'd go through with what he'd proposed after receiving another demanding payment notice.

"Ahaha I knew you'd come and find me eventually." He laughed. "Since I've got the largest room in the house I'll invite the others over tonight, when you come over I want you to be wearing that sexy schoolgirl outfit you wore during freshers week. I want you to make it as slutty as possible and if we deem it a worthy effort than I'll give you £10." He told me.

I had only just convinced myself to go through with it and made Ben aware, I didn't expect it to happen so quickly to the point where I'd only have two hours to get myself prepared. I hurried back to my room and started to route through the piles of clothes inside my wardrobe trying to find each piece of my outfit and began to dress myself.

The red and black plaid skater skirt had already been short enough the last time I'd worn it to a party yet since he'd requested a more slutty approach I'd raised it a little higher up my waist, in doing so the crease of my bare ass was visible when standing upright and with a slight bend so became my black mesh thong that was wedged in between them. Instead of wearing my knee socks I'd opted to leave my pale legs naked from the top of my thighs all the way down my short slender legs to where my feet were hidden inside a pair of white cotton frilly ankle socks and squashed into a pair of black velvet high heels. I'd buttoned my white blouse higher than last time however this was because I'd decided to ditch my bra, still I'd left it open just enough to be able to see the middle line they formed as they pushed together. My busty tits were so large that they'd looked like they belonged to a larger girls chest rather than my fairly slim figure and without a bra to hold them up the thin white material hugged them. My sizeable nipples were almost piercing through the now almost see through material of my blouse for all to see. My light brown hair hung down my back in one long ponytail and the only make up I wore on my freckled face was rose red lipstick.

As I was looking at myself in the mirror I'd started to question what I was doing. "You've dressed like a slut and your going to exploit yourself for money, what are you thinking?" I told myself. There was no way I was going to be able to pluck up the courage to do it sober so I'd started drinking straight shots of vodka every so often for the next hour until I was drunk enough for the thoughts of doubt to cloud over. Slipping my dressing gown on to hide my outfit in case I saw anyone on my way down the corridor I'd nervously made my way to Bens room.

"Come on in Jen." Ben said, ushering me inside.

Since his parents were well off Bens dorm room was a lot larger than my own, he had a large double bed situated in the corner of the room and it boasted a large space in the middle where he'd guided me which faced a long sofa where he went and sat down alongside his three friends. They had all looked familiar but I couldn't say that I'd known any of them well enough.

"So this girl teases and leaves us and now we have to pay her, this better be worth it Ben." One told him.

Ben nodded towards me and realising what he'd wanted from me I'd undone my dressing gown and let it fall to the ground to reveal my slutty dressed body. "Hot damn!" One remarked whist the others whistled at me.

"That's one hell of a slutty outfit, as promised here's your money." He said throwing the note forwards onto the floor. "Now I don't know about these guys but I've been dying to get a look at those huge jugs of yours ever since I'd set eyes on them, I'll give you twenty pounds for you to take your top off." He said.

For a moment I'd felt a wave of guilt at the idea of what I was doing behind my boyfriends back but as always once I'd drank enough my sexual deprived tension flared up. I'd unbuttoned the buttons on my blouse and my tits bounced down after being released and hung down to my chest. Every one of the guys jaws simultaneously dropped whilst fixated on them, Bens eyes didn't break contact even when he'd flung the money onto the floor.

"Jesus! Those are the biggest tits I've seen in real life, thirty pounds for you to give me a tit wank?" He asked.

"Erm I don't really want to touch another cock other than my boyfriends I'm sorry." I replied.

He looked highly annoyed by my reply. "Don't worry Jake she'll eventually come around but let's not scare her off straight away. How about you sit down and spread those legs for us, five pounds when that thong of yours is around your ankles." Ben said.

I stumbled down onto the ground and bringing my legs to my chest I'd parted them which gave the guys a clear view of thin material that was doing a bad job of covering my pussy. I slowly pulled my thong up my thighs and beads of sticky fluid followed them which broke away as they fell down and bunched around my ankles.

"Damn luck at how fucking wet the bitch is! Her pussy had practically swallowed her thong." One laughed to another.

I placed my hand onto my pussy and realised that what they were talking about was true, I really was soaking wet. I was overcome with arousal and all I'd wanted to do was relieve myself but remembering that it was something they should be paying for I reluctantly took my wet fingers away from my pussy.

"Whoa hold up, get that hand back on that cunt of yours and start rubbing." One said, throwing another note on the floor.

The thrill of sitting in front of four guys whilst I'd rubbing my pussy was something if never thought would give me a rush of sensational thrill. Any shred of guilt or embarrassment had now abandoned my mind as I teasingly rubbed the entirety of my gooey lips in a circular motion whilst looking at my audience.

"Get a finger in there." One said almost immediately throwing his money onto the pile starting to form.

This time i wasn't turning him down, my middle finger easily slid inside with ease and small moans soon escaped my mouth as I picked up my rhythm.

"Put another inside and suck on your tits you dirty slut!" Jake somewhat commanded rather than asking whilst adding to the money pile.

I didn't need to be told twice, my pussy squelched as i plunged two of my fingers inside my tight hole. My body was tingling and sucking and gently biting my sensitive nipples only increased my now louder moans of pleasure which the guys were evidently enjoying so much so that when I looked over they were all stroking their cocks as they watched. I'd felt so naughty that I could easily have cummed right then and there but I was trying to hold out for as long as possible to get more money.

"Now guys Jens friend told me that she's a squirter isn't that right jen? Now I'll give you twenty pounds if you lift those legs in the air and squirt for us." He said.

Remembering just how much I'd told my friend in blind confidence on drunken occasions I'd hoped she hadn't told Ben every detail, but he was right and at that moment I'd have made myself squirt for nothing. I lifted my legs higher leaving my my heels and stretched out thong dangling in the air and after a few attempts I'd stretched my tight hole enough to consume a third finger. In almost not time at all after rapidly sliding my fingers around my G-spot in a come hither motion my face started to burn up. My pussy claimed tightly around my fingers and after letting go a wave of fluid forced them out and gushed out into the air soaking my feet.

"Oh fuck yesss! Mmmm that feels so fucking good!" I repeated as I fell backwards with my eyes closed whilst rigorously rubbing on my clit. I don't know if it was the new ingredient of masturbating in front of the guys but that was one of the best orgasms I'd had so far at that point. As I continued to rub on my clit draining every last drop of pleasure I could get I'd opened my eyes to see that all four guys were standing around me tugging on their throbbing cocks, one of which's lengths had shocked me.

"This were getting for free for all of those times you'd teased us to get a free drink you slut." Ben said.

"Damn I've never seen a girl squirt before she's fucking hot! I can't hold on any longer, ughhhh!" Jake exclaimed.

Bursts of his warm cum landed on my tits quickly followed by another round from his friend, i should have felt ashamed but it only encouraged me to increase the speed of my fingers that were still working my clit. The other two lasted almost another minute before I heard them grunt, one had exploded a endless amount of thick liquid all over my body which even landed on my hands. Ben then pointed his cock toward my face and sent streaks of cum down onto my neck and eventually reaching his intended target of my cheeks and lips. My body tensed up and let out a series of moans as I came again whilst rubbing warm cum against my clit and licking more from my lips. I hadn't realised just how much I had missed the taste of salty cum over the past month.

"Fuck now there's a girl who's just realising what she missing out on boys, look at her lapping up my cum." Ben said to the others.

After regaining my breath I managed to drunkenly stumble onto my heeled feet and could feel their slimy discharge sliding down my body onto the floor. After feeling more elated than ever before I'd now started to realise how much of a dirty slut I'd been standing in-front of four naked guys with my boyfriends knowledge but I couldn't deny the thrill it was giving to me. Deciding that I'd had earned enough for what I'd needed to pay off for the week I'd bent down to slide my thong back up.

"Stop right there, don't pull those up another inch. I'll give you ten pounds to keep that creamy squirt soaked thong." Ben told me.

"Twenty!" Another shouted. "Thirty!" The bids kept on coming. Eventually Ben won the biding war with a final bid of £100! I wasn't completely sure about how I felt about it but there was no way I was turning that amount of money down when I needed it so badly. I stepped out of them and handed them over to him whilst he handed me over all of my earning in return.

"Holy shit her pussy smells so fucking good, mmmm and it tasted even better." Ben said holding my thong against his nose and sucking on the crotch.

"Thanks I need that money, you promise you will keep this a secret?" I asked Ben as I made my way to the door.

"Not a single soul will ever hear about anything I promise. I think you enjoyed that more than you thought you would, you certainly looked like it when your were licking up my cum. If you want any more money you know where we are, but don't think it'll be a repeat of tonight, we'll have be asking for something more beneficial to us next time and you can take to or leave it but after tonight I have a feeling you'll be left wanting a whole lot more." He chucked and pushed me into the hallway.

I shamefully walked back to my dorm as quickly as possible. I'd managed to earn more than enough to pay of my payment demand for the week and fund some nights out with friends but it had cost me. No longer was I the faithful girlfriend I'd claimed to be, I'd masturbated and squirted in-front of four guys and let them cum all over my body. I'd even let one of them keep my thong and the worst part was that deep down I'd loved every second of what had happened.

A week later and I was once again in the same predicament which I'd accepted would be the case for some months before I'd cleared my debt. I knew I could make the money I'd needed and truthfully after a week of some detailed wet dreams I'd been itching to ask Ben for some help once again, but knowing that this time would change me from being a cheating exhibitionist into a whole other kind of cheat left me with a big decision to make.
