Miranda At Work
by Pablocruz713

Miranda At Work Pt. 04

Miranda has a very busy day pleasing all her coworkers.

On Monday morning Miranda was picked up by Mike, she was wearing tiny shorts and a white tank top, and of course she wore no underwear. When they arrived at work she headed directly to the shower, and didn't wait for anyone to guard her. On her way she was spotted by a few men and she heard a few whistles. Once at the shower stall she stripped naked and turned on the water. She didn't wait for the water to warm up and stepped fight in. The cold water had an immediate effect on her nipples, which were now hard and erect.

As she started showering she noticed heads peeking into the stall. She turned to face the wide open entrance to the shower stall as she continued to wash her body. Whenever she got to her intimate parts she would slow down and take her time washing them. She washed her hair again taking her time to do it. As she washed her hair she threw her head back and thrust out her tits. Finally at the end of her shower she feeling very horny and wanted to orgasm, so she started fingering herself. She was so turned on by the thought of being spied on, even though she had no idea how many men had seen her, that she quickly came to a climax. Her orgasm wasn't earth shattering or anything, but it was a great way to start the day and put her in a wonderful mood.

When she was done she dried off but didn't get dressed. She merely wrapped herself in a towel as Mike had said he had her outfit. Before she left the bathroom she blow dried her hair and did her makeup, all while wearing only a towel. Nobody entered the bathroom while she getting ready, but as she was finishing a man came in and started peeing. When she was done she turned around and came face to face with the man who still had his dick out.

"I heard if we catch you in here we get a peek," said the man.

"That's what I heard too," responded Miranda. She continued talking saying, "Well here you go," as she opened up her towel. She bared her nude body to him as he looked her up and down. As he took in her beautiful nude body, including her hard nipples and shaved pussy, his cock started to become erect. When Miranda saw his cock begin to grow she decided to let him look a little longer. The man's penis quickly became fully erect and she couldn't help but stare at it. She dropped her towel and reached out and started stroking his cock. She hadn't realized she what she did at first because she had just instinctively did it. Once she realized what she was doing she exclaimed, "Oh my god, what am I doing."

"It's ok, I don't mind," he said smiling.

"It's just a habit," she said.

"Go ahead finish then," he said. She felt bad for teasing him, so she grabbed his cock again and resumed stroking him. When she sensed he was getting close to coming she got down on her knees and put his cock into her mouth, because she didn't want to make a mess. He was close and quickly ejaculated in her mouth. When he was done he put his dick away and she put her towel back on, grabbed her stuff and left.

Back in the office she went directly to Mike's office to receive her outfit for the day but he was not there. She started searching the building for him, which was weird as she was still only wearing a towel. Eventually she saw him he was in the conference room, but he was not alone, he was in a meeting with all the office workers and some of the shop workers. The conference room has windows that run the length of the room and open up to the hallway, there are also matching windows on the other side of the room that are open to the parking lot in front of the building. When Mike saw her through the window he waved for her to come in. She entered the room in only towel as all the men leered at her as she did.

"Have a seat over there, Miranda," Mike said pointing to a chair in the corner that was in full view of everybody in the room.

As she went to sit down Henry asked her, "Is that towel wet?" When she meekly nodded he continued talking saying, "You can't have that on the chair, here give it to me and I'll hang it on the coat rack." Of course Miranda obeyed and removed the towel handing it to him. She now stood completely nude in front of the fifteen men, who were all still staring at her. Henry hung the towel and sat down but Miranda was paralyzed on the spot from her arousal.

"You can go ahead and sit down now," said Mike snapping her out of her daze. She sat down amid the murmur of chuckles. She was now even more humiliated due to the laughter. The air conditioning in the room chilled her giving her goose bumps and erect hard nipples again. She crossed her legs in vain effort to conceal some of her body. The men resumed their meeting, but all the men would occasionally steal glances of her nude body. The looking over to her was so pervasive she felt there was always at least two pairs of eyes on her at all times. Her humiliation and exposure was having an affect on her as her state of arousal grew very intense. Despite having had an orgasm just minutes ago Miranda felt like she could easy come again.

As the men droned on about budgets and such, she began to fantasize about getting gang banged by all the men in the room. As she daydreamed her arousal continued to grow and at one point she let out a soft moan. When the men heard her they all turned to look at her. The shock of realizing they heard her and having all their eyes gazing at her pushed her over the edge and she had a small spontaneous orgasm right in front of them all. She tried in vain to silence herself, but she only managed to make her moans sound like whimpering.

"Are you all right?," asked one of the men, but she was unable to responded immediately.

Eventually she quietly said, "I'm fine." When she was done orgasming she came to her senses and realized that she was leaking on the chair. She jumped up and grabbed her towel and proceeded to wipe her pussy in front of the men. When she was done cleaning herself she started cleaning off the chair. None of the men looked away the entire time.

"Did you just have an orgasm while sitting there?," questioned another man.

"Yes, I'm so sorry I think I ruined your chair," she said as she continued wiping the chair clean. She finished cleaning the chair then laid the towel down on it and sat down. All the men were still staring at her completely awestruck of the scene they just witnessed. She was sitting with her hands folded in her lap, looking prim and proper except for being totally nude.

"Are you good now, or do you still need help with that?," questioned Mike.

"I, um... I'm not sure, I don't know," stammered Miranda.

"What I'm asking is do you need to get fucked right now, would that help," Mike continued questioning her.

"Yeah, I think that might be what I need," she answered. She paused for a moment then added, "Yes, I want, I need to be fucked right now." All the men smiled at her admission and those not already aroused by her little display were now getting hard.

"I propose we shelve any remaining item to next meeting so that we can address Miranda's problem, any objections?," said Mike. All the men nodded and many voiced agreement. "Well then we need to decide how to proceed. Since we all can't fuck her, at least not at the same time," he continued to say. The fifteen men decided to draw numbers out of a hat. The numbers would decide the order. Six of the numbers have a 'B' on denoting the those men would get blow jobs instead of sex, so to give Miranda some kind of break. The plan was told to Miranda who submissively agreed, as she just wanted to get fucked no matter how it happened.

The blinds to the outside were closed for the men's privacy. The impromptu orgy began as the first man bent Miranda over a chair and started fucking her. The rest of the men eagerly watched and waited for their turn. The next man had her lay down on the large table in the middle of the room, he then climbed up with her and fucked her. On the third man's turn her pussy got a break and she only had to suck his dick. This continued with each man choosing the position and location to fuck her. One man even fucked her right on the carpet, unwilling to climb up on the table. The occasional blowjob let her rest her vagina from the unrelenting pounding she was receiving. It took over an hour and a half for every man to take his turn with her. Finally at the end Miranda sweaty, exhausted, and sore slumped down into a chair. She had couple of orgasms in the midst of it all, and was feeling quite satisfied albeit a little sore.

The men all got dressed and most went back to work, only Mike remained with the spent and used girl still slumped in the chair. "I have your outfit in my office when you're ready for it," Mike said to her.

"Ok, I think I'll take a quick shower first though," said Miranda as she got up and wrapped her towel around her body. She headed off to the shower and as she entered the shop on the way to the bathroom some of the workers saw her. She never looked over to them but she heard a few whistles and cat calls as she went into the bathroom. She was relieved to see nobody in the bathroom, since she would feel obliged to do something for them and all she really wanted at the moment was to rinse off. She quickly rinsed off her sweaty body being careful to not get her hair wet. After her body was clean again she spent a few minutes cleaning out her vagina that had been filled with semen. She had noticed several heads peeking into the stall as she showered, but there was nobody in the bathroom after she dried and left.

Once she got back to the office she went straight to Mike's office hoping to finally get dressed for the day. When she entered his office, he asked how she was feeling and she told him she was refreshed after her shower. He now pulled her outfit out of a bag and showed it to her. He held up a tiny, white, lace teddy. She dropped her towel to the floor and grabbed the lingerie. After she put it on she modeled it for him by doing some seductive poses. "You can wear this over it until it's time to do the reveal," he said while handing her a red, silk robe.

"Thanks," she said and went back to her desk. Once at her desk she did a touch up on her makeup and about five minutes later Mike came out of his office.

He handed her the bulletin and said, "Are you ready?" She nodded and got up to go out to the shop, and as they left they were joined by all the men in the office. She blushed a little and got slightly aroused when she saw all the men who had just gang banged her minutes earlier.

When they entered the shop all the workers were already gathered. "Before you start, show everybody your bulletin reading outfit," said Mike as he took the paper from her hand. Miranda slowly untied the sash of the robe, then opened it up to reveal her lacy lingerie. After removing the robe completely she handed it to Mike, who handed her back the paper. The teddy was very sheer and Miranda's hard nipples and dark areolas were clearly visible. The men let out a cheer upon seeing her in the revealing outfit.

Miranda read the bulletin and her exposure was increasing her arousal. The cold air of the air conditioner was blowing down on her keeping her nipples very hard and erect. She could hear vulgar comments about her body coming from the crowd and the humiliation of the comments only intensified her state of arousal. She was very horny and excited, but she tried hard to not let it show by speaking in a steady voice. It wasn't working, as her nipples were rock hard and prominent, her whole body was flushed, and despite her best effort her voice still showed she was very aroused. All the men were aware of her obvious state of arousal and some of them were encouraged by that fact to continue to make rude comments about her, thus increasing her humiliation.

She was almost done with the bulletin, most of it had been boring work and safety notices, but there was a shock waiting for her at the end. As she read the last line her heart nearly jumped out of her chest. "Immediately after this bulletin I will demonstrate the proper use of the emergency shower," was the last line she read. After reading the line the shocked and trembling Miranda looked over to Mike, who was smiling and nodding at her.

"Ok, let's begin the demonstration," said Mike as he took the paper from her hand and directed her toward the emergency shower. She obediently walked to the shower, even though she could barely stand up due to her arousal and shock. Once they reached the emergency shower Mike resumed speaking saying, "Ok, first you need to strip, we don't want your pretty lingerie getting wet now, do we?"

So Miranda with trembling hands ever so slowly slipped the shoulder straps of her teddy off her shoulders, one at a time. With the straps now off she slowly peeled the lacy garment down over her tits. Millimeter by millimeter she gradually revealed her pert tits to every man at the business. She slid it down over her stomach then slowed down as she approached her pussy. Once at the top of her vagina she slowed down to an agonizing pace, until her entire pussy was exposed to the dozens of men in her audience. Once past her pussy she picked up her pace and slid it down her legs and stepped out of it. She handed it to Mike without ever turning away from her enthralled audience.

The crowd erupted into cheers and whistles, but Mike hushed them as he began to narrate the demonstration. Miranda stepped under the shower as Mike continued to talk, but she was in a daze of arousal and humiliation and didn't hear anything he said. In her daze she had forgotten how cold the water would be and when Mike turned it on she again let out a loud yelp of shock. Her yelp caused another outburst from the crowd and Mike paused until they stopped. While he waited for the crowd to settle down Miranda was getting drenched in ice cold water. By the time he resumed talking her entire naked body was glistening in the water. She reached up and wiped the water and hair from her face.

Mike continued talking as Miranda remained under the cold water. Eventually she gained some of her senses as Mike started to give directions to act like she was wiping chemicals off her body. She turned around a few times as she washed her nude body in the water. As the large crowd watched breathlessly she continued to do as he told her to do, but she added her own flair to make it more sensual and sexy. Eventually Mike stopped talking, as him and the rest of the men just stood there and watched her do her erotic shower dance. After a few more minutes Mike noticed she was shivering and he stopped the shower. Miranda stood in front of everybody nude and shivering as a man was sent to retrieve her towel.

When the man returned with the towel she dried off with all the men still watching her. As she dried her body Miranda tried not to obstruct the men's view of her naked body. When she was dry she simply handed the towel back to the man who fetched it for, thus continuing to allow the crowd to ogle her naked young body. She was enjoying the exposure with the excitement and humiliation it was causing her, so when Mike handed her the robe she only reluctantly put it on. She put the robe on but did not tie it. She stood silently with her pussy and parts of her tits still on display as Mike finished talking to the workers. Eventually Mike stopped talking and Miranda and the rest of the office workers went back to the office. The stunned and horny shop workers reluctantly went back to work.

Once back at her desk Miranda got to work trying to catch up on the work she had neglected due to all the morning's activities. She was still only wearing a red silk robe with absolutely nothing on underneath. The smooth silk fabric felt luxurious against her bare skin and the feeling of it rubbing on her was getting her worked up again. Every once in a while when she had a free hand she would use it to play with her pussy. She was becoming very aroused from doing this and started to fantasize again. Suddenly a man walked in from outside, jarring her out of her sexual daydream. It was the delivery driver from yesterday, the same one that she had posed for. When she came out from behind her desk to receive the package, the man was noticeably shocked at her attire.

"It's not even Friday and you're already dressed casual," said the man then asking, "What's up with the robe?"

"Oh, I just took a shower earlier," replied Miranda.

"You take showers at work? I'd love to see that," said the astonished man.

"Maybe some other time, but til then I can give you this," she said as she untied her robe and opened it up baring her nude body to the completely awestruck man. She left her robe open as she signed for the package with the man staring intently at her body. "Ok, thank you," she said.

"No, no, no thank you, you're fucking hot, damn," exclaimed the driver. He turned to leave but looked back before going out the door and shook his head in disbelief as Miranda was still standing there with her tits and pussy on display to him. She just smiled and waved, then went back to work never bothering to close her robe.

After exposing herself to the delivery driver Miranda was very horny again. When she sat back down she slid her butt forward in the chair and reclined back, letting the robe fall open all the way. Her chair was pulled out from the desk and her entire body was clearly visible to anybody in the front office, but she didn't care as she was extremely turned on. She inserted two fingers into her vagina and started to vigorously masturbate in the open, without caring if anyone was watching.

Miranda closed her eyes and relived the events of the morning in her mind as she continued to finger herself. While she was doing this two men entered from the shop, and as soon as they saw her they froze in their steps. The men were shocked but pleased and just stood there in silence watching her play with herself. In short order she brought herself to orgasm, and squirmed and moaned for a minute afterward. When she finished she opened her eyes to see the men attentively leering at her nude body. She was shocked and embarrassed but still managed to smile at them. Once she had collected herself she stood up and walked to the bathroom, but never bothered to close her robe. When she reached the bathroom she turned to see the men had followed her, so she entered the bathroom and didn't close the door behind her allowing them to follow her in.

Once inside one of the men closed and locked the door. Miranda knew what they wanted and merely dropped her robe off her shoulders, and bent over the counter. The men didn't need anymore invitation than that and quickly removed their pants exposing their erect cocks. The men proceeded to fuck her. Her very wet pussy made quick work of the first man's cock and he came in less than two minutes. The second man didn't last much longer, and when he was finished he got dressed and both men left leaving the door wide open. Miranda stayed and cleaned herself up and finally closed her robe before going back to her desk.

A little while later Miranda was working at her desk when Mike came up to her holding her white teddy. "I totally forgot to bring you back your outfit, I hope you didn't get into any awkward situations wearing just a robe," he said with a wry smile.

"I think that thing is a lot more revealing than this robe," she responded as she stood up.

"You maybe right, but I think you should still wear this for the rest of the day," he said. She didn't say anything but merely shrugged the robe off her shoulders letting it fall to the floor. Mike just stood there staring at her nude body forgetting to hand her the lingerie.

"Um, can I have my outfit now," pleaded Miranda.

"Oh, yeah sure," said Mike as he finally took his eyes off her bare tits, but before he could hand her the teddy a man walked in the front door of the business. It was another delivery driver and both Miranda and Mike turned to watch him walk in.

Hello," greeted the completely nude Miranda.

The stunned man paused before finally speaking, stuttering out, "I have a package."

"Miranda can you go sign for that," ordered Mike.

"How is your day going?," said the naked woman as she walked up to the delivery man.

"Much better after seeing you," said the man as he looked her up and down.

"Well have a good day," she said after signing for the package. The man turned and took another long look of her before going out the door. She turned and grabbed the teddy out of the smiling Mike's hand. Miranda put the lingerie on and returned to her chair. As Mike started to head back to his office, she asked him, "Oh, by the way who is getting me lunch today?"

"We decided due to the events of this morning that the shop staff should buy you lunch today," answered Mike.

"All of them, then who do I pay back for lunch?," asked Miranda in a worried tone.

"Oh, I'm sure they'll let you know," he answered. Miranda's mind wandered to thoughts of what she'd have to do to earn her lunch and the thoughts started to get her turned on again. It didn't help that she was only wearing a sheer lace teddy, at least the robe covered her enough to shield her from the cold ac drafts. The cold air was having an effect on Miranda's nipples that were now very prominent and clearly visible through the sheer garment. She tried to get some work done before lunch but her intrusive thoughts were making it hard to focus, so she wasn't as productive as she could be. For the next hour or so, the very nervous and horny girl fidgeted and squirmed, and her sexual arousal never subsided the whole time.

Eventually Chet came into the office and walked up to Miranda's desk. "I guess you're having lunch with us today," he said.

"That's what I heard," said Miranda. She stood up to go with him but when she did he paused to ogle the girls barely covered body. His attention was at first drawn to her hard nipples jutting out beneath the thin lace of her teddy. Soon his eyes drifted down to her pussy where he could see the soaking wet lace covering her vagina.

"Excited about lunch are we," he remarked with a smirk as he stared at her wet pussy. Miranda reached down to where he was looking and felt the wetness of her teddy, then she looked back to her chair and at the wet mark on it. The embarrassed girl was now blushing knowing her arousal was fully evident.

"Waiting made it worse, I'm sorry," said the humiliated girl as she looked at the ground.

"No need to feel sorry, and you won't have to wait much longer, now let's go get something to eat," he said as he took her hand and led her toward the door. Once they got out into the shop Chet led her over to where workers had lined up into a kind of receiving line. He introduced her to every man, but she didn't remember most of their names as her head was spinning from excitement and embarrassment due to the fact of almost all the men were looking directly at her tits instead of her face. He then took her to the food truck and introduced her to the cook, who was stunned by the nearly nude girl. "Go ahead and get what ever you want, I'll put it on my tab," said Chet.

"Thank you," she replied. The food truck was parked in a parking lot along the side of the building. Against the side of the building were some folding tables and plastic chairs for the men to eat at. They were set back a little ways from the road, but were right across from the next door business. The whole area was out in the open and Miranda felt very exposed being almost naked outdoors where so many people could see her. Miranda got her lunch then found a table to sit at while the men, who had already got their food, also sat down and started eating.

Right as she was about to start eating one of the men said, "You don't want to get your pretty outfit dirty do you, you should take it off." After several other men agreed she felt that she had to comply. She stood up and looked around, there were several men next door walking around the yard and she could see cars driving by on the road. Miranda had never exposed herself fully in such a public location. The public setting only elevated her arousal as she proceeded to slowly slip off her only piece of clothing. As she stripped for the men she looked around at her surroundings. She had already stripped for her coworkers but the cook was in total shock as she started stripping. It didn't take long for the men next door to notice her and they stopped working and came over to the fence to watch the show.

Once she was nude she hung her only garment on the back of her chair and sat down and began eating. She fought the urge to cross her legs and left her knees wide open, knowing that was what the men wanted. She was so nervous and stimulated that she wasn't really that hungry but she ate all her lunch anyway. By the time she finished eating the food truck had left and some of the neighboring men had also left. When she finished she got up and took her trash to the trash bin to throw away, as she did this all eyes were on her nude body. The sun outside felt good on her body and on the way back to her table she commented to the men, "The sunshine feels good I should come out here and sunbathe sometime."

Once she reached her table she grabbed her teddy and asked, "Can I get dressed now?" There was a chorus of 'No's' in response so Miranda sat back down and remained nude. She sat and waited as the last men finished their lunches.

As soon as they were done Chet came up to Miranda and said, "Now we need to take care of payment for lunch."

"I was wondering about that, now who do I need to payback?," asked Miranda.

"Come with me and we'll discuss it," said Chet as he took her by the hand and led her back into the shop.

"What about my clothes?," pleaded Miranda.

"Don't worry about that I'll have someone get that for you, besides you don't need it right now," he answered, and they continued into the shop making they're way to the locker room. Miranda didn't immediately look back, but if she did she would have seen that most of the workers had followed the pair. Once they entered the locker room Miranda turned around and saw the crowd that had followed them. As soon as she saw them all she felt was a rush of excitement and her pussy grew wetter than it already was.

These men didn't bother with a discussion of how to fuck her like the office workers did, instead they just got right to it. "Bend over the bench," commanded Chet. There were padded benches running in front of the lockers. Miranda bent over the end of the bench grabbing it with both hands, but keeping her legs straight. This caused her back to arch up so that her bare ass was pointing up at an inviting angle. By the time she had assumed this position Chet had removed his pants. He said no more words and just started fucking her. Miranda tried to support herself with her arms, but the forceful pounding was too much and she bent her elbows and rested her body on the bench. He finished in a couple of minutes orgasming inside of her. Miranda barely had enough time to catch her breath before another cock was shoved into her pussy. After a few more minutes the second man came in her.

There was a brief pause before the next man and Miranda looked back at the crowd. She saw that most of the men had already removed their pants and the rest stripped completely nude. The sight of so many cocks made her heart flutter and her arousal managed to grow even higher than it was. Her break didn't last long and another penis was shoved inside her. This continued and while the fifth man was fucking her, her knees started to buckle unable to hold her up much longer. The next man saw this and had her turn around and get on her knees. She didn't need any instructions from there and proceeded to suck his dick as expertly as she has learned to do. The man was not disappointed and thoroughly enjoyed the blow job. The next man in the queue saw and heard how much the previous man enjoyed the blow job, thus allowing Miranda to remain on her knees. The following man had her get back into the bent over position.

This process continued with most of the men choosing to fuck her and only a handful or so choosing blow jobs. Just as with the gang bang from the morning Miranda was fucked to orgasm several times during the orgy. She lost count of how many men fucked her or even how many cocks she sucked. Eventually the last man said, "We're all done honey, you can get up now."

"You're a real trooper, that was awesome," said one of the remaining men as most of the workers had already returned to work. Miranda had lost track of time and was a little disoriented. She asked the man how many of them there were. "I think there was 24 of us," he answered then adding, "That was amazing, do you enjoy that?"

"I actually do, it can get rough and it's very tiring but I had several orgasms in the midst of it and that makes it worth it," she responded.

"Wow, that's super cool, and I'm glad you enjoyed it," he said then went back to work. She was exhausted and completely covered in sweat. There was nobody else left in the locker room so she staggered to the shower. Once in the shower she felt refreshed a bit, and after cleaning out her pussy she stopped and dried off. She didn't bother to wrap herself in a towel as she came out, 'what's the point", she thought. Once back in the locker room she saw her teddy was hung on a locker, so she put it back on and headed back to the office. As she entered the shop the men started applauding her. She turned and bowed to them then blew some kisses before going into the office.

Once at her desk she tried to do some work but her mind was in such a state that she was unable to get anything done. A little while later Mike came out of his office to check on her. Seeing the state she was in he said, "You've had quite a day, why don't I just take you home so you can rest." She nodded and he said, "Ok, give me five minutes and we'll go."

"Ok, thank you, I should probably change into some decent clothes first though," said Miranda. Miranda left to find the clothes she came to work in. She went to the shower and retrieved her shorts and tank top. When she emerged from the bathroom she encountered a crowd of workers. The men inquired what she was doing and if she was putting on another show. "I'm getting dressed cause I'm going to go home early as I'm completely pooped out," she responded. When she heard the audible disappointment from the crowd and she decided to not leave them like that.

"Ok, one more show then I have to leave," she said. She then proceeded to slip off her teddy and expose her nude body to the men one more time. Once nude she danced and posed for the crowd, who were cheering loudly for her. As she finished and started to leave one of the men asked if he could get a kiss from her. "Of course darling," she answered and then she kissed the man passionately on the mouth. The man made the most of it by holding and groping her nude body while sticking his tongue deep into her mouth.

When they finally finished kissing she heard a chorus of 'me too' from the crowd, so as the men lined up she started kissing each of them. Every man kissed her deeply and took liberties with her body. Most of the men grabbed her ass, many cupped her breasts and a few even stuck a finger or two into her pussy. The whole process had taken several minutes and left Miranda extremely aroused again, but she knew Mike was waiting for her so she needed to leave. She waved bye and entered the office still completely naked.

When she entered the office she was again greeted by a crowd, as all the office workers had gathered to see her off. "Where's our kisses?," asked one of the men. Apparently her activities in the shop had spread to the office. So Miranda proceeded to kiss the rest of the men. It again played out just like in the shop, with each man French kissing her and groping and fondling her body. This time she though she got a higher percentage of fingers in her pussy and her arousal grew even higher. The men clearly noticed her level of arousal and one of them asked her, "You're very turned on do you want us to finish you off?"

"Yes, yes please," the breathless girl answered.

"Lay on the desk," he said. Miranda obeyed and laid down and spread her legs open. The man who spoke went down on her and started licking her pussy. After only about a minute another man tapped him on the shoulder and said, "My turn."

The men switched places and the second man started eating out her pussy, until he relinquished his spot to the next in line. This continued until the fifth man, despite her attempt to hold back her orgasm and prolong the glorious sensation she was feeling, she did finally come. She squirmed and moaned for a minute or two while the men watched.

When she was done she gathered herself and got dressed. After saying goodbye to everybody, Mike and her left. Mike drove her home and the completely exhausted girl fell fast asleep as soon as she hit her bed.

