Hina's ENF Stories
by anonenffan

Chapter 10. A Round of Golf 

Hina hummed along to the tune on the radio, her head swayed with the beat. She flicked the turn signal, and the brakes made an odd squeak as she pulled into the Emerald Field Country Club. “Wow…” she said, letting her eyes wander the sight before her.

 
Lush walls of trees, stood tall and proud. They bore a bold shade of green that almost glowed in the sun, and rattled against the wind. Gently rolling hills of grass spread to the tree line. A few lead to little rainbows in the sunlight, while sprinklers gave life to the landscape. A crisp, clean river wandered through the course, twisting and shimmering when sunlight fell in. Even the parking lot provided a smooth surface, free of cracks and bumps, and shiny upper-class cars filled the defined lines.

 
Hina leaned back with a small nod before parking her car. She climbed out, a gym bag hanging over her shoulder, eyes on her phone. After her thumb danced on the screen, she placed it in the bag and headed for the front door.

 
Once inside, the frigid air conditioning bit into Hina’s skin, making her shiver as heat became a memory. She shivered and rubbed her palms against her arms. “Geeze, they don’t go cheap on anything here,” Hina said under her breath.

 
The interior of the club was spacious, with colorful tile floors. Massive paintings depicted scenery and lighthouses. A large chandelier in the center of the ceiling. It had hundreds of little glass pieces, diffusing light into the room. On the floor was a large fountain, sending water from its top and flowing to the bottom.

 
“Hina, you made it!” said a familiar voice. Maria made her way into the room, greeting her with a little wave. “Like what you see?”

 
“It’s pretty impressive. Looks like a lot of work goes into maintaining this place,” Hina said. She let her eyes wander paintings on the walls before returning back to Maria.

 
“Oh, this little fountain is nothing. There’s an even bigger one out back,” Maria said, swaying her hand as if to discard it. Then she curled her fingers to beckon Hina. “Come, let’s get ready and get changed into our golfing clothes.”

 
“Alright, but I’ll warn you, I’m kind of bad at it,” Hina giggled, before following Maria to the locker room. All the while, Hina couldn’t help but glance at the various paintings and plants that decorated the hallways. Some featured historical figures from years ago, others displayed vibrant scenery.

 
Hina and Maria arrived at the locker room. At first, the brunette expected a subtle buzz of fluorescent lights and some less-than-pleasant smells. Instead, the lights were as silent as they were vibrant, and the subtle scent of bleach promised a recent cleaning. She nodded and looked at Maria.

 
“This place is pretty fancy. So where do I get changed?” Hina asked.

 
“There’s a locker near mine I don’t believe is in use… 118,” Maria gestured toward the locker.

 
“Thanks! This’ll just take a sec,” Hina nodded.

 
As Hina stepped to the lockers, another woman approached Maria, arms crossed. “You really went ahead and invited the riff-raff?”

 
“I’ll admit she’s a little unusual, but I believe we should give her a chance,” Maria whispered back. “She’ll adapt to the lifestyle before long.”

 
“If you invite someone like her in, the place will be overrun in time. She didn’t work for what she has!” said the woman.

 
“Rebecca, you can’t be so quick to judge,” Maria said.

 
“Okay, ready!” Hina declared. She stepped from behind the lockers. The brunette had a pair of simple white tennis shoes and ankle socks on. At her hips, were a pair of exercise shorts that reached mid-thigh, pink with white trim that ran along the sides. Hina adjusted her tank top to keep the material over her bra strap. Atop her head was an ordinary baseball cap, with an owl on the front. She tied her hair in a ponytail, poking out the back of the hat.

 
Maria blinked, and blushed, glancing at Rebecca. “Um, is that what you’ll be wearing while golfing, Hina?”

 
The brunette blinked before looking over herself. She twisted her body to inspect the clothing. “Is there something wrong with it? I just got these shorts…”

 
“Your dress is very-”

 
“Casual!” Maria cut into Rebecca’s thought. “It’s a little casual for an upper-class club like this one. Do you have anything else to wear?”

 
“Umm… not really. Like I said, I’ve never golfed before, so I just picked something that would be cool while we’re outside.” Hina explained, glancing at her clothes once again. “I guess it is a little… normal? What should I be wearing?”

 
“I believe a trip to the pro shop is in order,” Maria said. She placed a hand on Hina’s shoulder, and nudged her along the locker room. “There’s a certain… dress code to the club.”

 
Some time later…

 
“What even were those? Exercise clothes?” Rebecca shook her head, leaning against a locker.

 
“I know, I know. It’s just something for us to correct,” Maria crossed her arms and shook her head. “But I don’t think we should have any more issues.”

 
Hina stepped back out, tugging at her new outfit. She replaced every single piece of gear. White golfing shoes were stiff, barely flexing with each stride Hina took. A pink skirt went to mid-thigh, pinching her waistline, causing attempts to position it over her hips to relieve the pressure. A white dress shirt covered her top half, with the sleeves rolled to her elbows. The pink sweater vest contained her, though her chest strained the fabric. A matching visor took the place of her baseball cap, though her hair remained in a ponytail.

 
“Ah, there we go! Now you’ll look more proper on this course!” Maria clapped her hands, letting her eyes wander Hina. “This is much better than that exercise gear, isn’t it?”

 
“Um…” Hina did a little twist, looking over herself, frowning as she tried to shift the skirt once more. “I don’t think some of these are the right size…”

 
“They’ll break in, darling,” Rebecca said, smirking at Maria. “You’ll feel comfortable again in about a hole or two.”

 
They left the locker room, heading toward the caddy area. All the while, Hina tugged at the collar of her shirt and tried to fix the skirt again. Another problem was those shoes. It was like they were made of wood, with almost no cushion to speak of. She shook her head and approached the bag of rental clubs that Maria had recommended.

 
“What are you doing?” Rebecca raised an eyebrow.

 
“I’m reaching for the clubs…? Maria said these were good for a noobie. Are these the wrong set?” Hina blinked.

 
“No no no, you were about to carry them yourself!” Rebecca shook her head. “I know what you need, you need a taste of the power your wealth affords.” She slipped a finger in her mouth and gave a sharp whistle.

 
A blonde girl ran to them and stood at attention. “Sorry! You’re here a little sooner than I expected!” She said, “I’ll carry these, no problem!”

 
“Oh it’s not a big deal, they don’t look that… wait… Stacy?” Hina lifted the top of her visor, leading her head a touch forward, and smiled.

 
“Hina? Oh!” Stacy sighed and giggled. “I didn’t know I would be caddying for you today! In that case, here,” Stacy reached for the bag of clubs and slung them over her shoulder. “I’ll handle these and we’re ready to go!”

 
“You… know each other?” Rebecca gave Hina an odd look.

 
“Oh yeah, we’ve been friends for as long as we can remember,” Hina nodded.

 
“…Marvelous,” Rebecca rolled her eyes and shook her head. “Well, I trust there’ll be no issue making her carry the clubs?”

 
Hina looked at Stacy and frowned, putting a hand to her chin. “Well… I guess that’s technically your job. But if you get tired, like I said, it’s not a big deal.”

 
“Ugh…” Rebecca shook her head. How Maria thought they could teach this girl how to treat a low-class, let alone one of her friends, was beyond her. Then she smirked, gripping her golf bag and placing it near Stacy. “Think you can handle three at once, darling? There’s three in our group.”

 
Stacy had one bag over her shoulder and gave an odd blink. “Um… if you picked out a cart I can make that work.”

 
“Oh, of course, I believe the carts are kept over there,” Rebecca gestured toward the building. “Go bring it here.”

 
“Right! Of course!” Stacy nodded, setting Hina’s golf bag down next to Rebecca’s. “I’ll be right back with the-”

 
“Just what do you think you’re doing? You’ve left our bags on the ground! There’s going to be dirt on Hina’s bag!” Rebecca cut through the air.

 
“…Isn’t the point of the bag to keep the dirt off?” Hina raised an eyebrow. “It’s not like they’re my clubs anyway.”

 
“Sorry! I’ll uhhh… I’ll just carry these to a cart then!” Stacy said, reaching down to pick up one of the golf bags.

 
Though before Stacy had the bag over her shoulder again, the trio could hear the wine of a small electric motor. They turned and saw Maria driving a golf cart, with four seats and a loading cage. “Alright, who’s ready for a round of eighteen?”

 
“Sweet, that makes this easier,” Stacy smiled, picking up Rebecca’s golf bag and placing it on the cart. She repeated the process with Hina’s, before waving her arms as if presenting the passenger seats to Hina and Rebecca.

 
Hina was giving Rebecca an odd look, one eyebrow elevated over the other. She shook her head and then smiled at Stacy’s work. “Thank you!” the brunette quipped. Before she climbed onto a seat, she glanced at her bag and adjusted it to be centered better. Then she felt a presence loom near her, seeing Rebecca with her arms crossed.

 
She shook her head. “Sloppy work from a sloppy caddy. I shall see her fired by the end of the day.”

 
Hina frowned and turned, eyebrows pointing at Rebecca. “Hey, that caddy’s my best friend. Chill.”

 
“Yes! Yes, let’s not scrutinize every minute detail of a newer caddy!” Maria clapped her hands. “Everyone climb on, and we’ll head to the first hole!” Maria added, patting the seat next to her.

 
“Of course, how rude of me,” Rebecca said. “Hina, you may ride up front, as you’re the guest.”

 
Hina crossed her arms, keeping an eye raised at Rebecca, before taking her time to climb into the passenger seat of the golf cart. Everyone climbed in, Maria taking the driver’s seat. The little electric motors hummed to life and they were on their way to the first hole. From the tee-off area to the green, there wasn’t much complicated about this hole. Just a simple straight fairway with a tree at about the halfway point.

 
“I’ll start things off,” Rebecca said, setting up her tee and gripping her driver. After taking her stance, she swung, giving a satisfying metallic “whack.” The ball sailed past the tree and rolled a little further.

 
Hina looked at the bag of clubs. “Uh… Stacy, how much do you know about golf?”

 
“About as much as you do,” the blonde admitted, holding the bag. “Um… you don’t use this one until way later… maybe this one?”

 
“Thanks,” Hina said, taking the club, its silver face shining in the sunlight. “I kind of want to beat her. She’s been kind of a bitch,” she whispered. She approached the tee and lined up her shot. With little other thought, she pulled the club back and swung as hard as she could. The “ping” that followed made Rebecca giggle, while Maria blushed and faked a smile.

 
The ball had a near-vertical trajectory. It sailed forward for a moment, approaching the tree. They heard the leaves rustle, but the ball did not come down to the ground. Hina’s shoulders went slack.

 
Rebecca began openly laughing. “That’s new! Rarer than a hole-in-one!”

 
“Hina, dear, why did you use an iron instead of a driver?” Maria was unable to contain a giggle of her own.

 
“That matters?” Hina said, looking at her club.

 
“Of course it does. Let’s get you a new ball and a new caddy,” Rebecca stated. “One that won’t let you make such a fool of yourself.”

 
Hina narrowed her eyebrows at Rebecca again. “No way, I’m getting that ball back, and Stacy stays. Come on, let’s go get that ball.” Hina pointed her club at the tree and marched.

 
Stacy loaded the bag of clubs back onto the cart and climbed into the driver’s seat. “Okay!”

 
They approached the tree, and Hina began scanning its thick branches for the little white ball. She padded a few circles around, part of her already annoyed at how this first hole was going. How was she going to put Rebecca in her place if she couldn’t find her golf ball? The brunette padded around the base of the tree, checking every angle she could imagine.

 
“You know, we could use another ball. This is kind of why they sell them in packs,” Stacy explained, as she pointed her thumb to the back of the cart.

 
“It’s the very first one though,” Hina protested. “I’ve gotta do better than that, with how she’s been treating you?” The brunette checked a few more branches and ultimately came up with nothing. Truth be told, Stacy did have a point about golf balls coming in packs. But just when Hina considered a replacement, she spotted the white ball wedged between a few branches, higher up in the tree. “Ah ha! I see it!”

 
The brunette reached out, though was nowhere close to being able to retrieve her ball. She picked up a club, extending her reach and getting closer, but still, she could not set her ball free. She put a hand to her chin. “Do you have a ladder?” Hina turned to her friend.

 
“The groundskeeper probably has one!” Stacy nodded. “Give me a minute and I’ll go get it!” The blonde climbed back into the golf cart when Hina put a hand on her shoulder.

 
“Wait! I have a better idea!” Hina smiled.

 
The electric motor gave a low whine, as Stacy feathered the pedal as gently as she could. With the cart parked as close as it could be to the tree, Hina held up her hands. “Perfect! This should work!”

 
“You sure that’s a good idea?” Stacy said. “I never thought of these as being that sturdy.”

 
“It’ll be fine, I’m only on top of it for a few seconds,” Hina said, approaching the front of the cart. She put her hands on the roof and hooked her feet onto the front. As Hina’s weight came onto the roof, the plastic surface began to slowly buckle. Her knees wobbled atop the compromised surface. “Whoa whoa whoa!” Her arms flailed around before she latched onto the branch and held on. Then the brunette smirked. “Okay… we’re good, hand me that club!” Hina extended an arm out.

 
Stacy nodded and presented the club to her friend.

 
Hina took the long metal rod and reached up toward the ball. The face of the club reached far closer to the ball than before, coming within an inch of it. “Almost…” Hina said, banging the club against the tree. She did a small hop, and the club finally bounced into the ball, dislodging it and sending it to the ground. “Got it! Ha ha-waa!”

 
While Hina’s small hop gave her the height she needed, she came down on the golf cart’s roof with too much force. It dented, and threw off her balance, with little to grip but the tree. She dropped the club and gripped the tree branch. “Ahh!”

 
“Oh my God,” Stacy gasped. “Hang on, I got you!” She reached for Hina’s legs and held them, trying to stabilize her friend. The blonde could feel her friend trembling.

 
Hina’s grip on the tree was less like iron and more like tin foil. She would slip a little, then a little more. Knowing what was about to happen, Hina had little choice but to trust Stacy. Her arms released the tree. As she fell, a ripping noise barked at her along with a sudden tug on her torso. Stacy’s strength crumbled, as the two fell into the grass.

 
“Oof!” Stacy coughed, shaking her head, finding herself face to face with Hina’s stomach. The blonde sat up and moved her hair out of her eyes. “Are you alright?”

 
Hina winced and sat up. “Yeah… I think so,” the brunette sat up, looking over herself. The fall hadn’t been that bad. There were no bruises on either girl as far as they could tell. However, Hina’s sweater vest had a tear up the middle. She blushed and pushed the separated opening back into place before letting it separate again.

 
“I think next time we should just use a replacement ball,” Stacy said with a blush and a tiny smile. “Now you need a new sweater.”

 
“Well, at least we got the ball back,” Hina stood up. She inspected the damaged clothing further. Were it not for the tear, the vest would still look good. Instead, it was clearly beneath the fashion standards of the club. Hina took a deep breath, finding it much easier to fill her lungs with the restrictive garment weakened. Then she sighed and slid it off over her shoulders.

 
“Wanna go to the clubhouse?” Stacy said, watching Hina.

 
“No, I don’t want to waste time. I wouldn’t be doing a good job of showing Rebecca what’s up if I took too long,” Hina said. “Let’s just keep playing,” Hina tossed the damaged vest to the floor of the golf cart and then looked at the golf bag. A blush appeared on her face as she looked over the clubs. “That thing was too tight anyway.”

 
With a new club in hand, Hina sent her ball back to the fairway with a clumsy thwack. A short walk later, they regrouped with Rebecca and Maria. Both women traded perplexed glances at each other before looking at Hina again. Rebecca had a smirk, while Maria blushed with a smaller smile.

 
“Glad you could find your way back to the fairway, darling,” Rebecca stated. A finger traced her chin, “I have to ask though, you look a little different.”

 
Hina looked past Rebecca and made her way toward her ball. “Oh, it was the sweater,” she managed. “It’s a little warm for it, ya know?”

 
“Indeed,” Rebecca smirked, letting her eyes drift to Maria for a moment.

 
The rest of the hole went without incident. Hina’s ball reached the green, and she even managed to get it into the hole. Despite the rough start, she was only one stroke behind the others. Still able to overtake Rebecca if she improved.

 
At the next hole, they began to tee up.

 
Hina turned to Stacy with a determined smile. “Okay… I’m going to do this one right this time. Let’s use this one,” the brunette gestured toward the driver.

 
“Right!” Stacy chirped, handing her the club.

 
The brunette took her stance and lined up the shot. “Line up toes… keep arms straight…” Hina said to herself. “Smooth motion…”

 
A metallic “snap” punched into the air. The ball sailed through the air in a clear, straight path.

 
“Oh wow! That one looks professional, Hina!” Stacy cheered.

 
Hina smiled, watching her ball sail. She crossed her arms and smirked at Rebecca. “How’s that for beginner’s luck?”

 
Rebecca smirked. “Well done, Hina. That would look amazing on the driving range. Except, this a par three.”

 
“…Meaning?” Hina raised an eyebrow.

 
“PLOP.”

 
“This is… a shorter hole…” Maria said with a nervous blush. “There’s little reason to drive it as far as you did.” She turned and looked toward the hole and the little pond that lay just beyond it.

 
“Oh…” Hina’s shoulders slacked. A nervous laugh escaped her. “Whoops…”

 
“A mistake you could have easily avoided with a better caddy,” Rebecca sneered and looked at the blonde. “Honestly, you call yourself her friend? You let her look like such a fool?”

 
“I-I’m sorry! I’m kind of new at this too, I didn’t…” Stacy held up her hands, flailing her palms.

 
“Hey, I told you, back off from her,” Hina said, before turning to Stacy. “Come on, let’s go get my ball.” She put the club back in the bag, eyes not leaving Rebecca before making her way to the pond.

 
“C-coming!” Stacy said as she slung the golf bag over her shoulder and followed Hina.

 
The pond just beyond the green was small, surrounded by rich, green grass. A gentle mist shimmered in sunlight giving a small rainbow, spraying from the center of the pond. Hina could see straight to the bottom of the pond, thanks to the crystal clear water.

 
“Should be easy to spot…” Hina said, slowly stepping around the pond.

 
“Oh, Hina, wait,” Stacy said, setting down the golf bag. “Usually when the ball lands in the water hazard, you just let it go and switch to a spare.” She unzipped a pouch, let her hand dive in, and started fishing. “I think they’re… ah ha!” Stacy held up a new golf ball.

 
Hina frowned. “Really? That seems kind of wasteful.” The brunette scanned the shimmering water, before spotting something white beneath the surface. “Wait… I don’t think we need to do that, I see it!”

 
Stacy blinked. “But I already have the new ball.”

 
“Stacy, if I’m gonna put Rebecca in her place, I can’t be super wasteful with the balls. Especially when I can see it right there.” Hina took a few steps into the pond, and cold water immediately flooded her shoes. “Yee!” she squeaked as her arms flailed. The brunette put her hands out and caught her fall against the ground. Cold water splashed from where she tripped. On her hands and knees, Hina barely avoided disaster.

 
“Are you alright?” Stacy said, stepping closer to the pond.

 
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Hina shook her head and fished out the golf ball. When she climbed out of the pond, her footwear and skirt dripped with water. Her shoes squelched with each step she took. The brunette dropped the ball on the ground.

 
“Wanna go to the clubhouse so you can dry off?” Stacy blinked.

 
Hina blushed but knew Rebecca would treat her or Stacy badly if she showed weakness. She shook her head. “It’s not a big deal, let me just… get these socks off.” The brunette kicked off her shoes and hooked her fingers into the water-logged socks. After wrestling the moist fabric from her foot, she looked at Stacy. “Does the bag have one of those mesh pouches? These could dry in there…”

 
“Um… I think so…” Stacy said.

 
Hina tossed her the socks, and as her friend checked for a suitable pouch, Hina put the golf shoes back on. Chilly water squelched and spat out of the seams. She frowned, took a few awkward steps, and shook her head. As she pushed the shoes back off her feet, she looked at Stacy. “These will have to dry off too…”

 
“Wanna get some new ones?” Stacy said as she stuffed the socks into a mesh.

 
Hina approached, looking over the clubs. “We can’t waste time on that. It shouldn’t take that long for them to dry,” Hina picked out a club.

 
Stacy raised an eyebrow. “Do you have something against the clubhouse? I don’t like Rebecca either but the footwear can straight-up mess with your stance. You should at least get some better shoes if you’re going to try to-”

 
“Whack!*

 
Hina stood, watching the ball’s brief trip to the green. “I just need a groove, see?” Hina said, putting the club back in the bag and picked up her soaked shoes. There was no ignoring the feeling of grass against the soles of her feet as she walked toward her ball. An unusual feeling, but one Hina could ignore in time. The shoes found themselves next to the torn sweater vest on the golf cart.

 
This time, Rebecca was outright laughing. “Did you really go into the pond for your ball?”

 
Maria rolled her eyes at Rebecca, before looking at the now barefoot brunette. “Hina, dear, why did you do that?”

 
Hina blushed and glanced back at Stacy. “Well, I could see it, and I thought it would be wasteful to use a new one when it was right there.”

 
“Are you even certain that’s your ball?” Rebecca smirked. “There are likely dozens in that pond ever since that buffoon took on a caddy job.”

 
“Rebecca…” Maria leaned towards her, raising an eyebrow. “That really wasn’t necessary Hina. Now you need new shoes.”

 
Hina shook her head, ignoring Rebecca’s quip. “It’s not a big deal, they just need to dry.” She looked at the golf bag and fished out a putter. Again, the grass tickled her feet as she would go to the green and lined up her putt.

 
Fortunately for Hina, while Rebecca had made the green easier, Rebecca’s ball was on the edge. The far more difficult putt gave Hina a chance to limit the damage from hitting the water hazard, and she finished the hole only one stroke behind.

 
As they rode the cart to the next hole, Hina’s eyes drifted low, fixating on her now bared feet. Her toes wiggled before clenching. She shook her head as the little electric motors whined. Once at the next hole, they prepared to take their shots.

 
A thought sat in the back of Hina’s mind. One that tickled her heart and made it flutter. It was a feeling that became more tangible when she felt the grass beneath her. She shook her head and approached the tee. Hina had an important game to win. There was no time for distractions. Somehow, she had to come out ahead.

 
One metallic “whack” later and the ball sailed over the fairway. Hina smiled, resting the club on her shoulder.

 
“Good form, Hina!” Maria clapped and nodded. She smirked at Rebecca, “don’t you agree?”

 
“A well-done swing, where it not for one thing.”

 
THUMP.

 
They all turned, and saw a little cloud of sand from a bunker, about halfway down the fairway. Hina’s shoulders slacked, and her face dropped. Her otherwise perfect shot went straight to the sand bunker.

 
“This hole is a beginner’s trap, something a better caddy would have guided you through,” Rebecca smirked.

 
“It can’t be that bad,” Hina said. “It’s not even a stroke penalty…right?” The brunette said, her cheeks bared a touch of red as she looked at her blonde friend.

 
“Right!” Stacy reached into the bag. “There’s even a club specifically for this!”

 
The two made their way to the dreaded sand trap. As her feet sank into the warm grains, a touch of blush returned to Hina’s face. She shook her head one more time. Rebecca and Maria kept their distance as usual. “Okay… let’s get this ball out of the sand, give me the club you were talking about,” Hina extended her arm.

 
Stacy nodded, handing her friend the sand wedge.

 
“Be sure to get a good angle! I’m sure that buffoon won’t tell you that!” Rebecca called.

 
Hina narrowed her eyebrows as she heard the taunt. She shook her head. The brunette took her stance and swung. Her swing struck the ground, and sand erupted around her. Laughs and giggles danced around her ears as the ball rolled back to its original position.

 
“What? How did…. W-whatever!” Hina shook her head and lined up another attempt. She swung, and the ground coughed another cloud of sand. And yet, the ball remained, unharmed by the newfound aggression.

 
“Grr…” Hina glared at the ball and stomped her foot.

 
“Hina, just relax. I don’t care what she says, you just focus and-”

 
*Whack! Thwack! Thump!*

 
Hina continued swinging. Each swing was fueled by frustration. Abrupt collisions with the ground would send shocks back up her body. And by extension, her outfit. One button of her dress shirt popped, bolting into the sand. As Hina attacked her golf ball, another button burst, and her athletic bra began to peek into the sunlight.

 
Stacy frowned, watching Hina’s frustrations boil over. Then her eyes went wide when she thought she saw some vibrant cyan fabric greet her in the sunlight. “U-um, Hina! You need to calm down!”

 
Finally, a metallic “click” snapped into the air, and the ball sailed back to the fairway. Hina smiled and took a breath. She blushed at her friend. “S-sorry… I guess Rebecca was starting to get to me…”

 
“Um… Hina?” Stacy blushed.

 
The brunette tilted her head. “Yeah?”

 
“You um… have a little problem.” Stacy waved her hand over her own top, before extending an open palm to her friend.

 
Hina glanced down at her own form, and her eyes shot wide. Many of the buttons of her dress shirt scattered in the sand. The sole survivor bound the shirt together at the very bottom, framing Hina’s bust, still contained in her athletic wear.

 
“Ah!” The club fell into the sand as she gripped the opening and wrapped it around herself. “Wh-what the… how?”

 
“I guess you swung too hard…” Stacy rubbed the back of her head. “So… have you changed your mind about the clubhouse?”

 
Hina took a breath, her face feeling hot. The sweater vest wasn’t a huge deal, it didn’t fit right to begin with. She was glad to not have it. Her footwear would eventually dry and be just fine. It felt unusual to be barefoot outside like this, but she could manage. But the dress shirt? Now her sports bra would appear in the open air.

 
The brunette took a breath, holding her shirt shut. “I… it’ll be fine.”

 
Stacy raised an eyebrow. “What? Are you kidding me? Hina, they can see your bra now.”

 
Hina’s eyes sat on the ground for a moment. It was true. Her wardrobe was falling apart as the game progressed. But with every little mistake, blame found its way to Stacy.

 
“I… I can’t let her treat you like that,” Hina admitted. “We have to beat her.”

 
“Hina, if your shirt is going to be flapping around like that, it’ll mess up your swing!” Stacy reasoned as she took the sand wedge from the ground.

 
Hina paused, looking at her dress shirt. She let go, and the white shirt parted, framing her smooth skin and loud cyan top. The brunette took a breath. “Then… I’ll do without it.” She slipped the last button out of the shirt. As the clothing slid over Hina’s shoulders, inch by inch, more skin came into view.

 
Stacy’s head jerked.

 
“It-it’s an athletic bra. I’m sure other girls would golf like this… right?” Hina said as she handed Stacy the shirt.

 
“Hina, they didn’t like your workout clothes,” Stacy said, accepting the damaged clothing. “They’re expecting a certain dress code.”

 
“Th-then that’ll make it sweeter when I beat them this way!” Hina, climbing out of the sand bunker. Now Hina was barefoot, with a pink skirt and a bright blue sports bra out in obvious view. Her deteriorating fashion sense lead her to an awkward stare from Maria and outright laughter from Rebecca.

 
“Goodness gracious, Hina! What happened to the shirt?” Maria tilted her head, trying to keep her eyes away from the obvious.

 
“What did your foolish caddy permit this time?”

 
“I-it’s nobody’s fault,” Hina snapped. “The shirt was… they didn’t secure the buttons on well. I know bad stitching when I see it.” She took a breath. “L-let’s keep going.” Things had grown bad after only a few holes. Hina had gone from fully dressed, to having her snug sports bra exposed to these two upper-class women. How could she expect to school Rebecca on humility when her own outfit had proven itself fragile?

 
What if this continued?

 
“I certainly hope you know when to quit,” Rebecca smirked. “Though I’m sure at any point further than this, the staff will let you know,” she winked and turned towards her ball.

 
Hina grit her teeth but shook her head. She headed toward her own ball, now feeling much more aware of the warm weather gracing her exposed skin. Air glided over her shoulders and midriff as she walked. Arms moved to cradle her chest, despite the athletic bra holding its position. Her skirt reached mid-thigh, allowing air to flow around most of her exposed body. Grass tickled her skin and reminded her just how much she had lost.

 
Stacy caught up to Hina, golf bag over her shoulder. “Hina, it isn’t a big deal,” the blonde whispered, frowning at her friend. “This isn’t the first time someone’s been rude to me at work. You don’t have to try and show her up.”

 
The brunette swallowed and shook her head. “No, no I do. I have to beat her… not just for you but for every other caddy she’s mistreated.” She released a breath she didn’t know she was holding. “If you talk back to her, it’s your job. But if some regular girl like me beats her…”

 
“Hina, I’m sorry, but that is *not* how this is going,” Stacy rubbed the back of her head.

 
“I-I just have to find a groove. That’s all,” Hina smiled through her blush. She selected a club and approached her ball. She lined up her shot and took a breath, glaring at the ball, imagining Rebecca’s head in its place.

 
“Hina, wait,” Stacy held up her hands and approached. The blonde took a deep breath. “If it’s do or die…” She shook her head and smirked. “You need to clear your head. The better golfers I’ve caddied for are really relaxed when they play. It’s a zen kind of thing. Don’t think about her, wipe everything out of your mind, and then swing.”

 
Hina took a breath. “Alright… I’ll try. Thanks.” She smiled and turned her attention to the ball. Just her and that little white sphere, sitting in a little pile of grass. The same grass that tickled her feet. Nature provided a breeze. A tiny sigh slipped from her lips as the warmth fluttered her skirt. As Hina took her stance, she gripped the club. With another metallic click, the ball sailed to the fairway, closer to the green.

 
A larger exhale fell out of Hina as she smiled and looked back at Stacy. “Wow… did I really just do that?”

 
Her focus fell apart as she heard a thump. She turned and saw Rebecca giving herself a light smack on the forehead. Hina looked to the source of the thump and saw a small cloud of sand in the bunker.

 
“She messed up! Hina, this is your chance!” Stacy said, clenching her fists, her eyes twinkling. “Remember, clear your head, don’t let anything distract you, and swing!”

 
Hina nodded. “Right!” She trotted towards her ball, now closer to the green, club in hand. The barely dressed brunette took her stance and closed her eyes. A deep breath in, and a deep breath out. Warm wind kissed her unclothed form once again. Something fluttered around her hips. A distraction. An aimless hand patted around her hips. The breeze picked up again, drowning out a tiny snap. That tight feeling from before vanished. No more silly fluttering against her thighs.

 
Birds chirped, warm sunlight washed over her form, and the breeze hugged her. Another deep breath, and she swung. The ball climbed, before sinking to the ground, mere feet from the hole. Hina smiled again. “Wow, this is really working!”

 
“Um… Hina… why did you-” Stacy started, her cheeks red.

 
“Not now, give me the putter. I gotta keep this going!” Hina said, approaching the golf bag.

 
“But your-”

 
“This one,” Hina hoisted the putter out of the bag. She turned, granting Stacy a rear view of her underwear-clad body. Her panties may have matched the color scheme of her athletic bra, but they were no substitute for proper shorts.

 
“But… but…” Stacy watched as Hina made her way to the hole. She felt her cheeks continue to heat up, her eyes locking on the abandoned skirt. The blonde snatched the pink fabric from the ground.

 
Hina, meanwhile, closed her eyes in her stance. The air on her body was so soothing. It was warm. Her skin felt soft. She felt free. A gentle wave of her arms later and the ball glided into the hole.

 
“Oh my gosh, Stacy, you were right! It’s working!” Hina said, strolling up to the golf bag. “Heh, this is how we should REALLY stick it to Rebecca. Your advice helping me do better!”

 
Stacy blushed and smiled. “Yeah, this is what we gotta do. Um…” She held out her hand, offering Hina some pink cloth. “Here’s your skirt, by the way.”

 
Hina blinked. “…My skirt?” Her eyes lowered to her body, and then they began to widen as her cheeks ignited. Bright blue panties screamed their presence into the vibrant sunlight. They clung to her hips and hugged her perky backside. “Ah!” she gasped, shoving her hands between her legs. She was barely decent with only two items clinging to her body. “W-what the heck happened, how did my skirt come off?”

 
“Y-you took it off when you were going to swing! I tried to warn you but then you just went for the putter,” Stacy said.

 
“I thought her advice was bad, but this?” Rebecca and Maria approached the pair.

 
Two more sets of eyes on her. Hina could do little but blush and try to wrap her arms around herself. At the very least, she hadn’t lost everything. However, she was barely decent by this point. Any further than this, and there would be a true trouble.

 
“Honestly, you can’t do a single thing right,” Rebecca approached Stacy. “Poor Hina here is nearly naked, and you have made things worse every single step of the way. You are an *insult* to our club.”

 
“But I didn’t-”

 
“Tell her a single helpful thing?” Rebecca crossed her arms. “I’m going to call the management right now and get us a proper professional. Your days are done.”

 
“H-hey!” Hina barked. Her face was crimson, and her arms stayed wrapped around her body. Still, she marched between them. “For your information, I played better THANKS to her advice!”

 
“Ladies, ladies, calm ourselves, let’s be civil!” Maria blushed, waving her hands. “If Hina isn’t complaining about Stacy’s work, I see little reason to complain to management.” She cleared her throat and looked at Hina. “Although… you should dress better than that. You’re showing too much for the course… You won’t be able to get a membership if club management sees this.”

 
Hina took a deep breath. “Right… sorry. Stacy is fine, I really did play better with her advice though.”

 
“You played better when she told you to strip?” Rebecca smirked.

 
“Well, that’s not,” Hina started, but paused at the outright laughter that erupted from Rebecca. Hina’s face fell flat. “She didn’t tell me to do that…”

 
“So if you’re not playing better while undressed, you’re merely a pervert?” Rebecca laughed again. “Darling, we don’t allow this sort of golf here.”

 
“How about, Hina, put your skirt back on, and we all just move on to the next hole?” She smiled and clapped her palms. Like Stacy, Maria blushed out of secondhand embarrassment.

 
Hina and Rebecca eyed each other before approaching the golf cart. The brunette took a seat in the back of the cart, and Stacy soon joined. Maria drove the group to the next hole.

 
As they made their way, Stacy held the skirt towards Hina. “Here you go.”

 
Hina gripped the fabric and nodded. “Thanks…” She unfolded the pink fabric, then she paused. Her mind wandered at the moment she swung. An approach shot and a putt. Both had done better than any other attempt at the other holes. The brunette put the skirt down, her heart thumping.

 
Stacy blinked. “Aren’t you gonna redress?”

 
Hina trembled, clenching her toes and pressing her thighs together before she handed Stacy the skirt back. “No… no I don’t think so. I think I can beat her… and it’ll be worse for her if she loses to me like this.”

 
Stacy raised an eyebrow. “I mean… I guess so… but you’re just in your underwear…”

 
“It’s… it’s fine. The skirt was too tight anyway,” Hina gulped. Her cheeks burned.

 
They reached the hole, and the girls began to tee off. It was another shorter course with a few ponds around the green. Maria landed a simple shot on the fairway. Rebecca nearly landed on the green. She smirked, quite pleased with herself.

 
Hina approached, still blushing as she approached the tee in nothing but her underwear. Her face felt hot, and her heart was beating, but if she could relax again…

 
“I suppose I should tell you now,” Rebecca smirked, hanging her club over her shoulders. “I’ve already informed the staff of your caddy’s sub-par work. She’ll be relieved of her duty by the time we’re done,” Rebecca smirked.

 
“…Wait, you already… but I didn’t do anything wrong!” Stacy said, her shoulders slacking. “None of that was my fault! I’m trying my best!”

 
Hina took a breath and looked Rebecca in the eye. Hands balled into fists. “That does it. I’ve had it with how you’ve treated her! She’s a hard-working human being, and more importantly, my best friend!” The brunette picked a club out of the bag. “If joining this club means I have to make someone like her miserable, then I want no part of it!” She dropped the club and reached behind her back.

 
The other three girls’ eyes widened. “Goodness, Hina, what are you doing?” Maria put a hand over her mouth.

 
With a firm tug, Hina pulled her athletic bra over her head and whipped it into the ground. Her full breasts bounced in newfound freedom. The wind washed over them, causing the nipples to tighten. Hina then gripped her panties and shoved them to the grass, baring her smooth backside to the girls. She turned, revealing her equally silky sex to the girls, and gripped her club.

 
“Screw this stupid club and its rules!” Hina marched up to her ball, naked as the day she was born, and swung. The ball soared into the heavens as she dropped the club and marched up to Rebecca.

 
Rebecca, meanwhile, watched the nude girl approach, unable to put words together at that moment.

 
Hina marched until they were face to face. “I don’t want to be in your club! I don’t want to become you! And I don’t care what you think of me!”

 
The three girls remained speechless as Hina started her rant. Maria took only a moment to watch Hina’s ball return from the skies above. She raised an eyebrow and picked up her binoculars. “…There’s no way…” she whispered under her breath.

 
“P-pervert! Lowlife!” Rebecca retorted. “Your wealth is false and you have your fun like an animal!”

 
“Um… ladies… if we could calm down for a moment…”

 
“Oh don’t hurt yourself up on that high horse!” Hina said. “You’ve never worn a work uniform!”

 
“Something really quite amazing has happened… If you would just calm down…”

 
“You’ve no class! You didn’t earn anything you have!” Rebecca barked back.

 
“Oh wow… Hina, you really need to check this out,” said Stacy, as she handed Maria her binoculars.

 
“You’re just scared because some ‘no class lowlife’ was able to keep up with you!” Hina hissed.

 
“Hina…”

 
“I’ll see to it your name isn’t even whispered on this course ever again!”

 
“LADIES!” Maria shouted. Both the nude girl and the upper-class woman paused to look her way. “Sorry for the outburst,” she cleared her throat. “There might be a little problem with making the club forget Hina.” She smiled and blushed. “She… did it.”

 
Hina raised an eyebrow. “Did what?”

 
Rebecca’s blood ran cold. “No…”

 
“She achieved a hole-in-one,” Maria said with a nod.

 
Stacy scribbled on the notecard. “That means Hina won. And ner name gets put on a little plaque in the clubhouse.”

 
“…WHAT!?” Rebecca screeched.

 
Hina jumped at Rebecca’s reaction. “Wait, really? It went in the hole?” She put a hand to her forehead and looked toward the green.

 
“There’s no way!” Rebecca gasped. “You must be joking!”

 
“Well if you don’t believe us, you can take a look yourself,” Stacy said, collecting Hina’s undergarments. “Here Hina, you can put these… back on….?” Stacy looked and saw the naked Hina running down the fairway. Rebecca wasn’t far behind.

 
“Does she… normally do things like this?” Maria said as she approached the golf cart, her cheeks still pink.

 
“Well, she’s always been a good friend,” the blonde noted with a shrug.

 
“I meant… disrobing to make a point…”

 
“Umm…” Stacy scratched the back of her head, eyes wandering the ground. “Oh, I think she realized what happened. Excuse me!” Stacy ran towards the hole.

 
“Impossible, that’s impossible! You didn’t even look when you swung!” Rebecca sat on her knees, her pupils tiny.

 
“Ha! How do you like that?” Hina said standing naked and proud above the hole that contained her ball. Her hands were at hips instead of covering positions as adrenaline flooded her veins. “This ‘no class having, low life, pervert’ just beat you!” The nude brunette gloated. “That’s what you get for treating hard-working people like trash!”

 
Hina strutted with her head in the sky. Once she reached Stacy, she gave a firm nod, “I don’t know about you, but I think I’ve had enough of this place!” Hina smirked.

 
Stacy looked at Rebecca, currently on her knees with an empty stare into space. Then she glanced back at her naked friend. “One sec… there’s something I should do.”

 
Rebecca was still stunned. One swing. One single swing and that freak had cemented her name into the history of the golf course. How could something like that happen? All while she paraded around unclothed like a pervert.

 
“Miss Rebecca?”

 
The upper-class woman creaked her head toward the blonde. She couldn’t form words.

 
Stacy cleared her throat. “This job sucks. I quit!” She swiped her visor off her head, spiked it into the ground, and extended a middle finger at Rebecca. Then she turned and ran to catch up with her friend, giggling like a schoolgirl all the way.

 
A short walk later…

 
“Sorry, Maria… I know we’re neighbors and all, but some exclusive club like this isn’t for me.” Hina said, rubbing the back of her head.

 
“A shame things didn’t work out, but as the saying goes, nothing ventured nothing gained.” Maria blushed and nodded. “Seems to me you might find the dress code a bit… strict.”

 
Hina raised an eyebrow. Then her face froze. A gentle breeze kissed every single inch of her exposed skin. Tiny blades of grass tickled her bare feet. The sun warmed her backside. In a moment of fury, and another moment of gloating, Hina had been completely naked. Maria, Rebecca, and Stacy had all seen her. Anyone else nearby could have seen her. Fire broke out on her cheeks. Her figure started to tremble.

 
“Ah!” She squeaked, wrapping her arms around her chest. Hina pressed her thighs together before lending a hand between her legs. Her chest heaved as her pulse picked up. Adrenaline flooded her veins. The hand between her legs bolted to cover her backside before retreating to her sex. “J-jeeze did I really do that!?”

 
Maria giggled. “I’m afraid so…”

 
“Wh-where is…” Hina panted, making her eyes scan the tee-off area for her undergarments. “D-did you see my… um…”

 
“Stacy collected them if I’m not mistaken…” Maria turned to where the golf cart sat. Or rather, where it used to sit. It was now further in the distance as Stacy drove away. “Oh dear, she must be returning the cart now…”

 
“Stacy!!!” Hina gasped. She glanced at her immediate surroundings. Everything she could wear was on that cart. If she got too far… She clenched her fists and felt a hand on her shoulder. “W-wha?”

 
“Hina, wait,” Maria blushed and smiled. “Here…” She pulled off her own sweater vest and presented it to the nude girl. “You can borrow this.” The better-dressed woman blushed and glanced at the ground. “I’m not sure if it’ll fit better, but it’s something you can work with.”

 
Hina smiled, took the vest, and slid it over her head. “Oh thank you!” She said, trying to tug it down her figure. In truth, the vest squeezed around Hina’s chest more than the original did. It couldn’t approach her hips without her hands pulling it.

 
“I have to check on Rebecca. Good luck, Hina!”

 
“Thank you,” Hina said, blushing. She took a breath and tugged the sweater as low as she could. It was unable to cover anything below her hips. Pulling on the sweater made it squeeze her ample chest. There was no hiding the fact that she was bottomless.

 
The wind whipped around her bare legs as she ran, and the sun lit up her naked backside. Hina knew she would have to reach the locker room. Somehow. She ran as quick as her legs could carry her. Her cheeks still felt hot as she ran.

 
For as long as her mad sprint ran for, Hina soon felt her legs ache. She slowed her run and took cover by a bush. She gasped for breath. Not much further to go. One more good dash and she could reach the locker room entrance. Hina wiped a little sweat from her forehead.

 
A thump pounded her ears. Hina turned her head, seeing a golf ball on the ground near her. Her eyes widened. Someone would come looking for this ball. They would be watching this spot! Hina got on her hands and knees and started crawling under the bush. Leaves tickled, sticks poked, dirt smeared. Hina could see the door to the locker room on the other side.

 
“Okay, so this was a pretty good shot, you can easily work with this,” said a voice. “Just like before, we’re going to line up our feet.”

 
“Like this?”

 
“Hmm… angle a little more this way.”

 
Hina held her breath and closed her eyes. They were behind her. If they looked under the bushes, they would see her undressed half. Although, if she could just turn around, she could keep her bottom half hidden. Then she could pretend to be just looking for her ball! She took a breath and started to turn her body.

 
As Hina turned, she felt tugs on her sweater. Twigs entangled themselves in her precious clothing with every move. “Come one… not now…” she said under her breath. She turned and struggled, feeling the sweater ride up her back. “No no no, wrong way…”

 
“Did you hear something?”

 
Hina froze.

 
There was silence for a moment. Deafening. Did they know?

 
“Probably just a bird. Let’s advance the ball, just like we practiced.”

 
One metal whack later, and the golfer cheered.

 
“Excellent shot, you’re learning fast! Alright, next we’re going to talk about short game. Right this way,” said the instructor.

 
Their voices trailed off. When Hina couldn’t hear them anymore, she exhaled. The brunette wiped a little sweat off her forehead and crawled backward to get out of the bush. The sweater rode up her body even more. It wouldn’t come with her.

 
“Oh come on… I need this… ugh…” She groaned in frustration, and let herself slide out of the sweater, leaves, and twigs ticking her exposed skin all the way. Her heart fluttered as she checked her surroundings before tugging on the vest again. “Come on… come on…!”

 
Hina knelt down and looked for the vest. The bush mangled the sweater. Twigs poked from directions Hina didn’t remember. She shook her head and looked to the clubhouse. With a deep breath, she wrapped her arms around her nakedness and took off. Her feet left the soft grass and found rougher pavement. A more even surface to run on, but the heat kept Hina light on her toes.

 
She pressed on and shoved past the doors into the clubhouse. Crisp air conditioning bit into her skin once again. Hina sighed until a chorus of gasps attacked her ears. Her eyes went wide as other upper-class golfers looked at her. They saw her. Everyone saw the nude girl at the entrance.

 
“Excuse me!” Hina gasped, breaking into a full sprint to the locker room. Awkward stares crawled over her body. She let go of her chest for a brief moment to force the locker room door open. Safe at last, Hina sighed. Other women were in the same locker room, in various states of dress. None were nude like she was, at least not in the open area.

 
Still, after wiping a little more sweat off her forehead, Hina relaxed her guard. A hand pulled a tie from behind her head, letting the ponytail fall apart. Her hair flowed over her shoulders as she made her way to the shower. Other women stared and traded odd glances. Some giggling followed.

 
As Hina let warm water wash over her skin, she let her hands wander her form. She had been naked. Naked outside. Dozens of others saw her. Her heart danced. As she lathered her form, she found warmth between her legs. A burning heat. As she nibbled her lip, she let her thighs squeeze. Pressure felt good.

 
Her warm folds invited a finger, but Hina resisted. Not here. As some memories looped in her mind, Hina knew this wasn’t the place. Even if Hina didn’t care what those snooty rich types thought of her, she couldn’t bring herself to indulge. Instead, she washed, rinsing suds from her soft curves and leaving silky skin in the wake.

 
Hina wasted little time toweling off and redressing. She left the club to some awkward stares. Murmurs about a nude girl getting a hole in one wouldn’t let her cheeks cool off. Her eyes stayed on the carpeting as she rushed out the door.

 
She thumbed her phone for a moment. Soon after, Stacy emerged from the front door, and the duo made their way to Hina’s car.

 
“Rebecca is *still* a wreck right now,” Stacy giggled. “Like it was a total meltdown.”

 
“Aw, did I really miss that?” Hina smiled. “Oh well. Guess we’re done with this place… hey… why did you run off when you had my clothes?” The brunette blushed.

 
Stacy hesitated and rubbed the back of her head. “Well, you turned down every other chance at clothes. By that point, I thought you WANTED to be naked.” There was a long pause, as Stacy checked her bag. “…Did that cause any problems?”

 
“I…” Hina froze. Red returned to her cheeks. She forced her eyes to the car’s mirrors and put the car in reverse.

 
Stacy smirked. “Wait, you’re blushing! You really did want to be naked, didn’t you?” The blonde’s smirk turned into a grin.

 
Hina’s eyes went wide. After checking every direction, the red-faced brunette put the car in drive. “Oh, you should check out this radio station, they always play your jam!” Hina’s hand bolted for the volume knob. The music roared out of the speakers, but despite the raw volume of the high-energy dance songs, Hina could still hear Stacy giggling.

