Christmas Eve:
Racquel Darrian and Nikki Tyler appear at Santa's Workshop from a cloud of glittering smoke. They stand amazed, looking first at each other then around the infamous workshop they instantly recognize. The girls see Santa a few feet away with his potions and he gives them a welcoming nod. They continue to look around in absolute wonder, unable to even speak.
Nikki and Racquel know each other best from several lesbian porno scenes Santa has watched repeatedly when Mrs. Claus is away – which isn't often enough in his opinion.
Both are wearing tiny red and white Santa's-helper costumes that are made very tight to accentuate their fantastic tits. Each jacket is one piece and flairs at the bottom to create a skirt so short it barely covers the girls gorgeous rear-ends.
Each pornstar is wearing white latex high-heel boots that reach well above the knee, which makes their legs look incredibly long and very sexy.
The ladies appear incredibly dolled-up; Racquel's brunette hair is highlighted with gold streaks that show-off her sparkling eyes; Nikki is the busty platinum-blonde dreamgirl personified – exactly what Santa ordered up from the spells and concoction book he had recently began to misuse.
The girls look at each and giggle. They simply have no idea how they got there, but they know Santa's magic must have had a hand in it.
And soon he would have a hand up each of their skirts!
The potions appear to be working as intended. Both knockouts appear aroused by his presence, that being a grey-haired 275 LB (20 stone) old dude with a massive beer gut.
Santa comes around the work-bench as the girls walk seductively towards him. Racquel playfully pushes him back against the table as each girl then takes turns kissing his cheek as they run their hands all over his big belly.
He places his big arms around each girl as he begins to French-kissing them.
Santa then begins running his big hands up their legs and is soon squeezing each of their asses.
From outside, two of Santa's elves watch from a window that is at ground level. Despite the snow piling up around and steam from inside, they can clearly see Santa has used his magic to temporarily bring him two smoking hot knockouts for himself – which also explains why the staff was booted out early and sent to their tiny dorms across the courtyard.
The two elves, both no taller that two feet watch on in amazement hoping they don't get busted. The elves also have big bellies that make them look comical on their short legs. One has an incredibly long hooked nose – like a gremlin, the other like a pig's.
The piggy one runs off to tell the others. Soon a dozen little munchkins are gathered at the glazed window watching the girls, now on their backs lying on the table together giggling. They raise their legs obediently. Santa grins from ear to ear mischievously as he ever-so-slowly pulls off Racquel's white panties, wanting to savor every moment. He slips them in his large coat pocket as he eyes her beautiful landing-strip pussy, kissing her legs but not yet touching – it is perfection. And perfection patience.
Next he yanks off Nikki's panties and again places them in his pocket – something to sniff on cold nights and an unforgettable souvenir.
Again, Santa kisses the inside leg, holding up one boot as he admires her nicely trimmed, very blonde mound of pussy.
Nikki reaches down and begins massaging a thick hard-on through his pants.
From outside, the crew begins to masturbate wildly. Even the two female elves are reaching inside of their frocks to get themselves off. They are all sweating profusely despite the cold. Rufus, a young black elf with an Afro is pushing his way to the front. There simply isn't enough room and most of the other windows are too high up, or closed. And any other larger ones would be too simple for Santa to spot them from. This is the one vantage point to see the two hard-bodies in action.
Santa is now busily burying his face in each pussy as the girls gently kiss one another. This goes on for quite some time until Edgemore, the elf with the long nose, decides he can get a better view by entering in through the unlatched stables and then through the back-door - which is almost always left unlocked.
Without telling anyone, he takes off and quietly enters the stable. The reindeer are waiting patiently for the long journey just a few hours away. Edgemore gives them a pat and enters through the backdoor. As he passes a stairwell he can hear Mrs. Clause – or 'Claus' as Santa refers to her as – upstairs sleeping off the busiest day of the year. Apparently Santa is on Viagra and has energy to burn, Edgemore thinks to himself.
As he enters the workshop he can now see Santa lying flat on his back across the table with Nikki riding his face. Edgemore watches her incredible ass as she grinds on his bearded mug. Not to be outdone, Racquel is in standing position, leaning over as she sucks off Santa, simultaneously pulling his thermals down to his ankles as she expertly licks his grey, hairy nuts before running her tongue up the shaft licking the throbbing, cum-soaked head like an ice-cream cone and then repeating in all over again.
Edgemore, from where he is hiding has an incredible view of Racquel's pert little bent-over ass, which is now only barely covered at the top by her skirt.
Edgemore admires the tan little gem from afar. He can see both her pussy and asshole perfectly. Her ass moves ever so slightly to each side, shifting from one leg to the next, as if she were posing her rear-end for a captive audience.
Racquel's tongue slowly maneuvers the large man's massive tangle of grey pubic hair, which might ordinarily gross her out. But the hard days work she smells on him excites her as much as his portly belly. This was magic alright.
After a few minutes, Edgemore moves forward, making eye-contact with his pervs outside. They are dismayed and also very impressed, giving him a thumbs up all around.
Edgemore then takes it one step further and approaches Racquel's marvelous set of stems. In a flash he is under her pussy – a mere breath away. He looks up, pretending to kiss it as Racquel continues sucking.
From outside, the guys can barely contain themselves. They watch Edgemore begin jacking off again as he breathes in pussy nectar. Unfortunately, his big nose eventually proves his undoing as it brushes her landing strip when she moves her hips unexpectedly. The foolish act is repaid instantly. In a flash he finds himself booted in the head from an instinctive mule-kick from a Racquel, who is now visibly shaken.
Edgemore sits on the floor with his pants down, dick straight up like an idiot. Racquel is stunned, but then gives him a stuck up sniff, clearly repulsed at the creature. Santa is furious, but unwillingly to shout and points to an exit. Shouting will only alert Claus and then Santa will not get to fuck. And Santa wants to fuck these two girls more than anything in the world.
The group from outside scatter – for now.
When Edgemore arrives back with his group, they treat him as a hero. Monty, a bucktooth, sweaty elf with hair protruding from his many facial worts, informs Edgemore Racquel and Nikki are two of Santa's favorite Penthouse Pets, and both are now celebrities for making pornos. Monty, an expert on such things, makes Edgemore feel like a king. Everyone then wants to touch the nose that sniffed such fine pussy– and he lets them.
The group returns to the window as Santa lies on top of Racquel, pumping her vigorously as Nikki eggs him on. His face goes red, sweat pours from his forehead as he feverishly drills beautiful Racquel.
"Fuck her, Santa! Fuck her pussy! She whispers in his ear.
Racquel tries to wrap her boots around him, but he's just too fat. He then switches out, watching Nikki and Racquel in a 69 as he jacks off. Racquel is on top with her ass facing the elves. Nikki devours Racquel's pussy as she runs her red nails all over her ass. She then yanks Racquel away just a little and begins to insert her tongue up inside Racquel's asshole, slowly splitting her wide open to get as much tongue in there as possible.
Santa then climbs on the table and joins in the rimming as he continues to jack off. A moment later he's straddling Nikki's face as he slips his cock into Racquel's pussy again. Nikki watches the show up-close – clearly thrilled at the front-row view.
As times passes, he is fucking on top of Nikki again as Racquel circles the table in only her boots, admiring the two love-makers. She then kisses both passionately on the mouth before getting on her knees and licking Santa's nutsack as it shifts wildly inches from Nikki's pussy.
It's just too much for him to take – he shoots his load. His face inflamed and contorted as he grits his teeth in ecstasy. Santa then sucks on Nikki's tits as Racquel, still below, rolls out her tongue, gently removing his penis from Nikki's pussy and sucking him clean before eating out Nikki's cum drenched pussy; drinking up as much of their pussy and cock juice as she can. She then leans back, eyes closed, and swallows the load as cum drips from her chin onto her tits. Racquel then climbs on Santa's back, running her hands all over his shoulders as she tongues his hairy ear like a pussy.
Santa would definitely be using this potion again! These gals had gone buck- wild for an old fat fella!
Soon he would return them to their world without any memory of this night, but at that glorious moment Santa realizes he is overdue at he stable. He'd been fucking for two hours and had totally lost track of time.
In a flash, Santa is up and out the door. He apologizes profusely and asks the girls to sit tight until he returns – and please be quiet about it as Mrs. Claus was still out cold.
The girls obey, not quite sure what to do. They get dressed. From a window, they see Santa and the sled of reindeer vanish off into the clouds. Racquel is tired and goes looking though each of the rooms on the ground floor. She finds a nice bedroom and snuggles in for a nap.
Nikki decides to go exploring, checking out all sorts of gadgets and making a little too much noise in doing so. She was having a giggle at one of the new toys when she suddenly hears a noise behind her. It was Mrs. Clause – and she looked pissed.
Nikki told her what happened and it was really no fault of theirs. They were just waiting to get home now. Mrs. Claus wisely inquired where her friend was and they both peaked in on Racquel who was out cold.
Leaving the room, the matronly Mrs. Claus suddenly let down her grey hair, took off her glasses and explained to Nikki that she understood the girls' predicament and there was really just one thing to do. With that, the large lady of the house took Nikki by the waist and pulled her forward, kissing her.
Claus then led Nikki upstairs, explaining that fair was fair. And that she too was entitled to some 'fun'. Nikki had made love to burly dykes before, so this would be a piece a cake. This gal was big, but Nikki had a feeling she could rock her socks off and make everyone very happy in doing so.
In fact, Nikki even went as far as explain to Mrs. Claus that everyone should be entitled to be happy tonight – it was Christmas Eve after all! At that moment, Claus had an idea. She had seen the elves gathered around the window when she approached Nikki, now she understood the peeping toms had been watching Santa the entire time as he poked these two pretties.
She kissed Nikki and begun sucking on her tits. She then stopped herself – which was difficult – and made an excuse to leave the room for a few mins.
Still dressed, but soaked between the legs thinking of Nikki's sweet kisses, she dashed down the stairs, grabbed four belts from the stable and briskly entered Racquel's bedroom – which was actually her husband's study and secondary bedroom. She watched pretty Racquel sleep, envious of such a perfect face. She then quietly strapped each wrist to the bedpost and then belted down each ankle, although the 'ridiculous' boots made it quite tricky.
Sleepy Racquel suddenly awoke, eyes wide in horror. She began to scream and Claus swiftly grabbed a dirty wool sock from the floor and shoved it in Racquel's mouth.
"Sssshh!," she admonished her little captive. "Everyone's going to have fun tonight." With a glance upstairs she boasted, "I'm going to make love to your friend, so she's off the hook in my book, but you have really made yourself at home in my husband's study and that makes me very angry."
Through muffled pleas Claus exited the room with a snide grin.
As she stepped out into the cold, dying to get back upstairs to Nikki, she called out to the elves, which she knew were not far away.
When they arrived, she walked back inside, stating only: "everyone has fun tonight – everyone". They looked on, unsure what she meant. The back-door was left wide open as Clause marched up the stairs. The inside door to the study was also left very much ajar. And a light was on...
The dozen elves all stood around the bed pervishly admiring Racquel's legs and pussy, which was very much visible with her legs so spread out. Racquel was trying to get the stinky sock out of her mouth to plead for assistance – but none would be coming.
Upstairs, Nikki made love to Mrs. Claus, getting on top in a 69 letting the old woman eat her golden peach pussy with reckless abandon. She sat up, played with her tits and then spread her ass for Claus to eat – and did she ever.
Nikki then pulled down the big lady's heavy under-garments. The moonlight shone on her unshaven grey-haired pussy, which Nikki thought looked like a giant pizza slice! She smiled to herself and buried her face in the thick forest of pussy hair.
Claus was on fire, bucking as Nikki split her pussy lips apart and began tongue-lashing the old gal. Still in a 69, she parted the matted wet bush on each side and brought Claus to a magnificent orgasm.
Downstairs, the door was now closed and the tiny elves were on the bed all trying to devour Racquel's pussy at the same time. It was an outrageous sight – like a dozen rats feasting on a meal for one. Tired of fighting, two others opted for the top half of their conquest. Each pulled her top to each side, exposing her beautiful breasts, which they began sucking as they jacked off.
Rufus got himself a taste of pussy and then pulled himself out of the fray. He yanked the sock from Racquel's mouth and tried to kiss her.
She pulled away, disgusted, so Rufus went to town on her ear and neck instead. Racquel eventual dared to look down and saw the huge cluster of elves licking and sucking on her pussy and asshole and just gave in. After a long while of eating, they all then abruptly lined in an orderly fashion as if they were getting ready to punch in on the time-clock. She watched the first one fuck her with his tiny dick, and then another, and then another.
She surprised herself by kissing Rufus back. He then placed his jet-black penis in her mouth and she began to suck it passionately, eyes closed. A few watched the 'nigger,' as they called him behind his back, standing over her triumphantly, watching his massive 3 inch dong slip in and out of her pretty mouth.
The two female elves both ate out Racquel alone after the dick fucking, as the boys had now moved north, taking turns getting their wieners sucked. They all stood over her, raising their fists in triumph each time they inserted their cocks in her mouth. Rufus had stood there like a king, hands on hips, taking in his conquest. That was the way to do it. The 'nigger' was right - for once! They all imitated him and he loved them for it.
In time, they all fucked her repeatedly. Edgemore even placed his long, grotesque nose up inside her, fucking her with it, just to show the little stuck-up bitch who was boss (everyone but Racquel, apparently). Exhausted, only Rufus continued to plant his seed in every hole, even fucking her ass by climbing under her massive body and holding her hips as he sprayed inside her like a dog marking territory.
In a few minutes, Rufus was ready for Act II: He sat down on Racquel's chin like it was a toilet seat as she passionately licked, kissed and blew gently all over his hairy balls followed by his equally hairy asshole. He masturbated slowly, giving his boys a head-nod and a way-too cocky smirk on his face, his tongue sticking out in jest.
"This position is called The Toilet Seat, yo!" He yelled out to whoever might be listening.
The others looked on exhausted in a heap. A few seem annoyed with Rufus for showing off, like he could possibly please a full-grown woman by himself – ridiculous! Racquel soon fell asleep and the elves huddled in close to Racquel. Piggy and Rufus collapsed on her tits as Edgemore insisted on burying his long nose in her pussy again as he fell asleep between her legs.
The elves had conquered Mount Darrian!
Hours pass and Mrs. Claus gets dressed quietly - as not to awaken her sweet Nikki. She heads downstairs and slowly opens the door to the study. The team is up four another round, clamoring around Racquel's open mouth. Four at a time are masturbating vigorously. In a minute each begins popping their loads into Racquel's mouth and then spitting into the gaping hole for good measure. A second group soon move in, starting the circle jerk again. Piggy goes back to fucking Racquel one last time, grapping tufts of her pussy hair as he bangs her with all he's got. Edgemore watches the last elf pop a jet of cum into her wide-open mouth. Her eyes are closed, just letting them do whatever they wish at this point. He eyes Claus peaking in, gives her a wink and proceeds to take a long piss into Racquel's gaping mouth.
Racquel is so numb she doesn't even notice.
Edgemore gives a shout-out to Rufus, 'You said toilet-seat, right?'
Rufus falls down in a fit of laughter.
Claus has a giggle as well and chases away the elves, giving Edgemore a pat on the head as he scurries out.
Claus stands near Racquel, admiring her cum-splattered body and face. Racquel opens her eyes as she swallows the final load of cum – and piss.
In a moment, Racquel has been unbuckled and is directed to a shower to rinse off. Racquel bows her head and obediently does as Mrs. Clause requests
Soon Santa returns to find Claus in the center of the workshop seated on a wooden chair with each girl on her knees. She is kissing Racquel's neck with one hand up her mini-skirt.
They both rise to greet Santa and Mrs. Claus gives them a gentle ass-squeeze as they get up. Santa looks ashamed that he's been caught, but something in Mrs. Claus eyes tells him he's not really in any big trouble. He's not sure why that is, but he just goes with the moment.
As he holds each knockout, he tells them all they need to return to their homes is to kiss each other passionately. Racquel and Nikki smile seductively and begin gently kissing. As the girls tongue each other a great light between them occurs and then they are suddenly gone.
Racquel wakes up in the morning, naked in her bed. The memories of last night vanished. She feels hung over, but can't remember going out for a drink. And there's no one in her bed. As she checks herself out in the mirror she senses something wedged between her teeth. It won't come out using her tongue, so she reaches in using a strand of dental floss. She can see it back there, but it won't pop out. Instinctively, she opens her mouth wide and inserts a pair of tweezers. After a few yanks she plucks out a black, curly Afro hair.
And then it all comes back to her... "Rufus!" she says out loud, bursting into a fit of laughter..
Remembering finally that it was Christmas Day, she goes out to her living room, which Santa was stacked solid with box upon box of gifts.  
THE END
 _PLEASE ALSO READ: Racquel Darrian's Ultimate Fantasy 1 and 2 as well as Racquel's on going globe-trotting series._