The day was perfect; you married the man of your dreams under the heat of the morning sun on the Caribbean island of St Lucia, just you and him, the way you always dreamed. You made your vows to him as the waves lapped at the sand behind you. It was a day you never thought would happen, who would have known that Orlando Bloom would have fallen in love with you. This was your perfect day; you didn't think anything could get any better as the Minister rejoiced,
"You are now man and wife; you may kiss your bride!"
Orlando steps up to you and gently places an arm around your waist, pulling you so close that you can literally count the small whiskers on his perfect face, then, he kisses you.
"Orlando," you breathe heavily, "I can't believe we're finally married. I've waited so long for today and now it's finally over,"
"It's not over, not by a long shot," he replies as he scoops you up and carries you to the secluded beach hut and over the threshold, "Baby, this is just the beginning," he laughed.
That infectiously shy laugh still sends shivers up your spine, even after the few months you both have been together. He stands you back down on the floor and draws you near to him and starts to hum the tune of your song, he takes hold of your hand with his and places his other across the back of your shoulder and then starts to slow dance with you. You move to the rhythm of his heartbeat, the soft tones of his voice and you feel that you never want this to end,
"I love you Mrs Bloom," he says softly into your ear as he slowly pinches the lobe with his teeth, sending shivers down through to the core of you,
"I love you more," you reply, almost breathlessly as he twirls you around, your wedding dress floating almost as if it doesn't exist.
"Did I tell you how beautiful look today?" he quietly says to you, locking his eyes with yours,
"Only once or twice," you reply, looking into his eyes. He stops moving you around and slides his arms around your waist, his eyes never looking away. Right now all you can feel are butterflies in your stomach,
"So," he whispered, making your skin tingly and goosepimply,
"So," you reply just as quietly,
"I guess this is it, the first time for both of us," he shyly says as he keeps eye contact with you,
"I'm so glad we waited Orlando," you manage to say, "I always wanted my first time to be special and I know it will be,"
As soon as you uttered these words to him he takes you by the hand and pulls you out onto the terrace, his hands ride up your back until he finds the little zipper of your dress; he slowly draws it downwards, exposing your back. His fingers linger a little while whilst he caresses your naked skin causing you to tilt your head back and expose your neck to him. You moan at the touch of his fingers on your back and the sensation of his warm hungry lips on your neck. You let your dress fall to the floor and step out of it, showing him you exquisite lingerie, your Basque, thong and silky stockings, held up by intricate lace suspenders.
"Wow," he sighs as he steps back to admire you, looking at you for the first time. "How did I get so lucky?" he asks as he steps back up to you and threads his fingers underneath the straps of your Basque and slowly pulls them down over you shoulders, placing light kisses where the straps had been, he lets them fall down your arms, revealing the tops of your breasts to him and he moves his hands up to undo the minute clasps which run down it's front, desperate to free them for the first time. You let it fall from you and it slips to the ground below, you are just left wearing your panties and stockings now, the warm breeze swirling around the both of you enhances the erotic feelings you are now having. Orlando raises his hands once more to gently caress your breasts but you push his hands away,
"Not yet Mr Bloom, not until you show me some of yourself," you smile sweetly as you undo his tie and then let your fingers slide up the outside of his shirt and rest on the buttons, you slowly start to unfasten them and proceed to run your fingers down his smooth chest and onto his rippling abdomen, gently tracing the outline of his sun tattoo. You take a deep breath as you suddenly feel breathless, trying to calm yourself, you pull away the loose tie and drop it beside you before gently removing his shirt and tossing it away. You look back up at him as smile as you let your hands wander further down and release the belt around his waist and toy with the button just underneath a small tuft of hair running down from the base of his belly button. You bite your lip in nervousness as you are close to the point of no return. You inhale deeply again as you undo the button and slowly pull on the zip, letting his trousers fall to the ground. You gasp as his boxers are revealed to you and you can see his obvious excitement. Your eyes trail from his boxers up onto his chest and then up to face, you can see the sheer joy in his eyes.
"Make love with me Orli," you ask coyly, your face flushing as you look at him.
"I thought you would never ask," he says gently cupping your face in his hands and kissing you deeply whist guiding you down onto the cool tiled terrace below. You both kneel together then bring your legs out in front of you whilst he places a hand behind your head and lowers you gently down, still kissing your now cherry red lips.
He sensuously unclips the suspenders and rolls them down your left leg, using his teeth to pull it off your leg at the bottom before kissing the tip of each toe and then he makes the assault on you right leg, repeating the actions. All you have remaining now are your panties and by the passionate look in his eyes they won't be there for much longer. He hooks his thumbs over the top of them slowly inching them down until a small neat trimmed patch of hair begins to show. He smiles and wordlessly he moves down and kisses you, biting down on the soft silky fabric and starts to remove them, uncovering the one part of yourself you have saved especially for him.
The delight on his face as he uncovers your sex is like nothing you have ever seen before and he ever so gently runs his tongue along the outside of your sex, savouring your scent. Then he gently presses his wanton tongue into your folds for the first time in your life making you cum so quickly and so hard that he moans into you and laps your juices quickly as if he was parched in the desert and hadn't had a drink for days.
"Orlando, that was just," you sigh, "incredible."
"If that is all it takes to make you cum then what fun am I going to have?" he asks you.
"Trust me Orlando, the pleasure won't be all mine," you say as you sit up and place your hands on his chest, sweeping them downwards until you hit the edge of his shorts. You graze the band carefully and pull it away from his skin revealing a mass of curly hairs. You slowly peel them down, wanting to savour the moment, desperate to feel his rising sex in your hands. Wanting him to take your maidenhead and claim you truly as his own. You run your hands down his perfect manhood and he groans at your touch, you lean down to taste him for the first time, his breaths becoming increasing laboured, his pulse rising as he languishes in your attentions. You run your tongue over the tip of his penis, lapping the pre cum surrounding it, the taste is like nectar to your taste buds, salty yet so sweet at the same time. You can sense he isn't going to last much longer if you continue your adventure of swirling your tongue all around his hot throbbing penis and graze your teeth across the tip one last time. You withdraw, unwillingly, as you don't want him cumming too soon, you want to make it last.
He waits in anticipation of your next move, you look at him and raise your head to his and kiss him deeply once more.
"What am I going to do with you Mrs Bloom?" he asks in all sincerity.
"I'm all yours to do with what you please Orlando," you reply nervously as you see him reaching for his tie and your stockings, it's now your turn to have a rapid pulse and your breathing becomes erratic.
"Don't worry sweetheart," he tells you whilst looking into your eyes, "You trust me don't you?"
You nod in reply, wondering what he is planning to do to you. You spy a lone palm tree in the corner of the terrace, just within reach. He gently pulls your arms up above your head and loosely ties his tie around the trunk of it before knotting it and looping it around your hands; you are now at his mercy.
"Is it too tight?" he asks, concerned as you try to wriggle free causing the tie to take a tighter hold of you., you stop and nod your head, "Stop struggling and I promise you will enjoy it," he reassures you. You do as asked and find that the tie becomes a little looser again. Now he starts his assault on you and you feel powerless. He has you right where he wants you, where he needs you and you have to do as he wants.
You feel his hands caress the back of your head as ties the stockings in a gag around your mouth, "Trust me," he whispers into your ear, "This is something you will never forget. It's my turn to pleasure you, you've given your body to me and told me to do with it what I like and this Mrs Bloom is what I want to do," he flashes that irresistible smile at you and you feel yourself relaxing, not realising how tense you had become.
He straddles your body and nips your lower lip with his teeth before slowly moving down your body, his rock hard cock rubbing against your stomach, sending a flurry of shivers throughout your body; you have never felt anything like it before. "Are you cold?" he asks concerned.
You try to reply no to him but realise that you can't utter a word so you shake your head. He takes your nipple into his mouth and starts to lick it, swirling his tongue around the little hardening peak and you feel a twitch in your vagina and feel some lubrication seep out in trepid anticipation of what is to come. He makes his assault on the other nipple and blows gently onto it upon his release of it, causing a throaty moan to escape from you, the sensation driving you wild. You try to speak once more and lift up your head; he looks and smiles at you,
"No you don't," he teases, "This is about me pleasuring you," he gently pushes your head back down and moves his assault downwards, placing light kisses upon your skin, causing you to shiver once more. He stops just at your belly button, he brushes his fingers gently against it, slowly rubbing around it in a circular motion before he kisses it and then carries on kissing down your stomach until he gets to the holy sanctum of your soul, your heat radiating making you feel like you are on fire.
His tongue runs it's way gently, teasingly along your outer lips before once more sinking inside you, trailing from your hard little clit down to the deepest cave before letting it explore, fucking you with his tongue, his fingers join his tongue, they swiftly find your swollen clit and he gently starts to rub it, withdrawing his tongue. His thumb is now rubbing your engorged peak and his fingers push inside you, feeling for your g-spot. He comes across your hymen just as you push your hips down onto him, encouraging him to further, he pulls out much to your frustration.
Your body is aching for his touch, you want him inside you but you still can't convey this to him. He slowly, teasingly moves back up your body and unties your gag.
"Orlando," you start to say as he leans in to kiss you once again,
"Are you ready for us to make love now?" he asks you grinning from ear to ear,
"More than ready," you barely manage to whisper back to him as you feel his penis push gently against your opening. He keeps pushing inwards until the tip is finally inside you. He pushes a little more until his head touches the natural barrier within you. You cry out in pain, lust and wanting as he pushes harder and breaks down the barrier. The pain only lasts for a few seconds where he holds still,
"Do you want me to keep going?" he asks out of concern,
"Yes, don't stop," you cry out as he starts to fill you, withdrawing gently before pushing back in, building up a rhythm, rubbing up against your straining clitoris. He reaches up to free your tied hands and you crash them down onto his back, running your finger nails into his flesh. He calls out your name as your nails break the skin and you draw blood, unintentionally. The heat sears through the rips sending him almost to the point of orgasm. He pulls out of you, quickly, not ready to cum yet.
"Turn over!" he demands, wanting you to get down on all fours so he can pound you from behind, you obey quickly as the heat you had stored inside you quickly begins to subside and all you want is the heat restoring. He is now kneeling between your legs, pushing his knees against you to open you further. He takes hold of his rock hard cock and pushes himself into you, gently at first, pushing against your cervix, you rock yourself back onto him to and soon find a steady rhythm. He now reaches his left hand forward and balances on his right as his hand comes forward and cups around you, swiftly finding your clit he starts to rub it for you, building up the pressure so you scream his name in pure pleasure. You don't know how much longer you can hold onto your quickly impending orgasm as he is still thrusting into you and rubbing you to ecstasy. He starts to place gentle kisses at the small of your back to intensify the moment as he is also struggling to last much longer.
"Orlando,"
"Don't hold back, I'm ready," he said as you reach behind you and cup his balls, you feel them tighten as he releases your clit and thrusts deeply into you for the final time, sending you both over the edge. You feel like you are free falling and don't want the feeling to end. You are contracting around his softening penis, consuming the fruits of his love, of anyone's love for the first time.
He barely has the strength to hold himself up any longer as he sinks back from you and you collapse yourself against him, exhausted.
"I love you Mrs Bloom," he says to you, his breathing uneven and his voice raspy,
"I love you too," you manage to say as you close your eyes and languish yourself in his love.