The Beginning

I still don't know why this happened. But back the beginning. My name is 
Rachel Mills, I'm 17, 5' 2" Long brown hair and blue eyes. I guess I'm cute 
but a little reserved. Or you could just say I'm a bit of geek.
I'm a good student , a good kid, and very self conscious, I have an ok body, 
I'm slim with b-cup boobs, my friends say I have a "tight little ass" and that 
I should loosen up and have fun. I don't have any guy friends and definitetly 
not a boyfriend. And yes I'm still a virgin. I don't know how I fit in with my 
girlfriends who are all sexually active, sorry that sounds so politically 
corect, but I wouldn't consider them sluts or anything, they can get a little 
crazy sometimes though. Before I go farther let me introduce you Becky is the 
prettiest or "hottest of the group" 5' 3" blonde hair, green eyes and a "great 
rack". Next is Jen, she is the instigator, she is cute, all the guys drool 
over her to just not like they Becky. And then theirs Ali, my best friend, a 
little queiter than the other two but still crazy. Sometimes when we hang out 
things can get a little out of control for me, somebody almost always ends up 
doing naked dares, but they always let me just hang out and watch when things 
got crazy. One time they got Ali to put on a mask and put gas in the car, 
completely naked, at 3:10 in the afternoon, at a gas station near her house. I 
couldn't believe she did that on a dare, but it was always on a dare or a 
whim. Any way back to my story. We were all at my house for a sleepover, my 
parents were gone for the night, my little brother Jake was staying locked in 
his room not wanting to be bothered by us, he is 15 by the way. We were 
sitting in my room talking about boys and movies and clothes and listening to 
the radio. Jen got up and started dancing and next thing you know we were all 
up dancing and being crazy. Ali broke out the digital camera and we started 
snapping innocent pictures of us having fun as girls do. Netx thing I know out 
of know where Becky grabs me and starts dancing with her arms wrapped around 
my back pinning my arms to my chest and hers. Jen walked up behind me and 
yanked my pj's and knickers all the way to the floor. My arms are pinned to my 
sides and my bare ass is out there for all to see. I see the camera flash, " 
What are you doing?" I screamed. They all just laughed. " You need to lighten 
up Rach, you've seen us all naked at onetime or another so I think we should 
make you stay naked all night long," smiled Jen, one of those venomous smiles 
of certian reptiles. " If she's going to be naked," laughed Becky," then she 
needs to show us those cute little tits." The whole time Ali is snapping 
pictures of my ass and giggling uncontrollably. Jen and Becky both attacked me 
and in seconds I was standing there covering my young naked body from my 
friends evil smiles. " Come on Rach, show us your charms," laughed Becky. 
"Make love to the camera sweetie," smirked Jen," it's just us girls nobody 
else will know." I was still shocked at how it happened, I was incredibly 
embarassed, and insanely wet. Why was this turning me on.And again the whole 
time Ali is snapping picture after picture pf me standing there naked covering 
with my hands and blushing profusely. The all started dancing again, and for 
some reason I did too. At first I kept my tits and pussy covered, but with the 
girls cheering me on I eventually dropped them and Let Ali take pictures of me 
dancing naked as the day I was born. It is amazing what you will do when 
you're insanely horny. I looked at Ali she smiled "Strike a pose girl," she 
said. I still don't know why but that is when things started getting out of 
control. I struck a pose, one hand covering my pussy, the other handcovering 
my mouth in mock surprise. The girls started telling me poses next thing I 
know I'm posing like a pornstar. Legs spread as I bend over at the waist with 
my legs straight, my dripping wet pussy was in full view of the camera. The 
classic on my back with my legs spread as far as I possibly could, same as the 
last but using my fingers to spread open my dripping wet lips. On all fours 
arching back, on my knees with my face on the floor pussy and ass spread wide. 
All the while Ali is snapping pictures, and I did it all willingly. I don't 
know how long it went on but it stopped when I had to pee. I started to put my 
clothes on but my friends dared me to streak to the bathroom. Since I knew my 
little brother was in his room and wouldn't be coming out I accepted the dare 
and walked out of my room completely naked with my friends laughing. As I was 
sitting on the toilet I was thinking back on what had happened and realised 
again I was really enjoying myself. I left the bathroom alittle scared my 
brother might come out of his room, then I don't know why but I thought I 
would surprise my friends by crawling all the way back to my room. They all 
laughed when they saw me crawling up the hallway and for some reason I was 
really enjoying the attention. They said they ordered a pizza because they 
were hungry, that was when the bomb dropped,"and you'll be asnwering the door 
naked," Jen said with and evil smile."Why would I do that?" Becky laughed 
maniacally" Because we uploaded all of those dirty pictures of you onto the 
computer and if you don't then we will send them to everyone you know, and 
we'll post them all over school." I started to panic alittle but and for some 
reason my pussy got even wetter." You're joking right," I said sheepishly," 
you wouldn't really do that right?" Ali, my best friend brought up a picture 
of me on my hands and knees with my wet pussy spread wide, you couldn't see my 
face but my pussy and asshole were crystal clear."watch this," she said. And 
she brought up her email type in the address of my little brother attached the 
picture and hit send. My heart dropped, she just sent a picture of my wet 
pussy to my brother, thank god you couldn't see my face." Now do you 
understand?" that evil bitch Jen said," You have to everything we tell you or 
everyone, even your parents, will see you posing like a slut." They decided we 
should move to the livingroom to wait for the pizza. Becky's eye lit up "I've 
got an idea," my friends left me sitting naked and alone on the couch. Ali 
left the room and came back carrying a stool. They told me to sit on the stool 
in front of the door and spread my legs as far apart as I possibly could. Jen 
had the camera now and was taking pictures. That was when my best friend 
entered the room again this time with her digital camcorder, I didn't even 
know she brought it with her. Jen walked up to me and whispered into my ear," 
When the delivery boy gets here you are to answer the door just like you are, 
if you cover up we'll post a picture of you on a porn website, one that shows 
that pretty face of yours." Chills ran up my spine."Then I want you to invite 
him in, close the door, get on your knees take his cock out and give him your 
very first blowjob. The only thing I want you to tell him is to come on your 
face." I started shaking, my stomach was in knots and all my supposed friends 
were smiling like the Cheshire Cat. I was sitting there as nervous as hell 
when there was a knock at the door, I look pleadingly back at my friends, 
"Well don't keep him waiting," said Ali. I stood up and answered the door. The 
delivery boy just about fell over, and he was just that a boy no older than 
me, thank god I don't think he went to my school. I gestured for him to come 
in. I closed the door behind him to find my friends were out of sight, but I 
know they were watching and filming this. I nervously I dropped tomy kness and 
grabbed his belt. He almost dropped the pizza when I unbuttoned his pants. His 
dick was rock hard, not knowing what to do, this really was my first time, I 
opened my mouth and very gently started sucking. He grabbed the back of my 
head and just started humping my face, I pulled away for a moment remembering 
my insructions, "Please cum on my face," God I almost came when I said that. 
He shoved his cock back in my mouth and started humping my face again, I guess 
humping isn't right, he started ...ing my face again. He was making me gag but 
I'm sorry to say I liked it, I feel like such a slut. He pulled his cock out 
and blasted me in the forehead with his first shot of cum, then my cheek, 
nose, and eye. I had to taste it so I opened my mouth and sucked the rest of 
the cum of the tip. That drove me over the edge, with his cock in my mouth I 
lost sontrol and started fingering myself, I came in about two seconds. So 
there I was naked with cum on my face fingers in my pussy, when I came off my 
charge. He was standing there smiling at me "That'll be $26.75, don't worry 
about the tip." What an asshole he must really think I'm a slut, like he was 
doing me a favor. My friends fell over laughing when he left, they took the 
pizza and the hooked the camera to the TV and made me sit there with his cum 
on my face, and watch myself acting like a slut. God it made me horny just 
watching it. It was that moment that I knew I needed to be dominated I needed 
the humiliation. I wanted my friends to showme off and turn me into a slut but 
I didn't want to tell them. But I don't think I had to.




