Outragious Behaviour
by Odins_Fire

Alice finds her new kink.

It was early evening when Alice looked at her diary for the following day. She could see that there were only two people to interview in the morning, which left her free for the rest of the day. She picked the papers she had been working on and placed them in her briefcase. After standing she stepped over to the door to lift her leather coat off the hanger.

The coat was long falling down almost to her ankles. At the sides there were two long slits under the arms to help the body breath as the daily weather changed. There were also zips that closed the slits on cold days, but today was not one of them. Today she was dressed in a blouse with no bra, and under her skirt she always wore hold ups and a thong. Today because of the temperature outside she left her jacket on the chair leaving her wearing only the coat over the blouse. She took one last look around the office before turning her computer off. Once she was satisfied she stepped out through the open doorway.

Alice had to travel from one side of London to the other, and in the rush hour busses and taxis were not an option. She hated this part of the week, because at this time of night on Fridays it was always crowded on the underground. She found the underground platform to be chaotic as always, and she knew from experience that inside the tube trains it would be no different. She noticed that as her train pulled up at the platform it was already crowded. This meant that she would be standing for at least an hour. She pushed her way into the carriage barging her way to the back by the connecting door. By doing this, it left her squashed up against the other passengers. She was holding her briefcase in one hand while holding the loop in the ceiling with the other.

The train moved out of the station with a lurch, forcing her to lean back slightly. This forced her to press against the person behind her. It was during this moment when Alice had a fright. Two hands grasped her waist stopping her crushing whoever it was. Someone doing this was quite unexpected. What was even stranger was the fact that the two hands had remained on her hips holding her steady. She knew that because she was so far back into the rear of the carriage, that the person behind her was probably resting their back against the carriage wall. The hands were holding her steady and although firm they were not tight or heavy. Instead of being concerned she just allowed the hands to remain where they were.

The train now moved into the tunnel where it always came to a halt midway. It normally stopped for the minimum of fifteen minutes every night in the same place. It was during the time when the lights went dim almost nonexistent that the hands moved. They were slowly moving up to just below her arm pits. Alice sensed that they were checking the lengths of the air vents in the fabric of her long coat. At first they moved slowly as if testing the ground and the amount of resistance they might receive.

Feeling no resistance the hands entered the coat, and in an instance Alice felt the hands touch her flesh through her thin blouse. Instead of feeling outraged at the liberty being taken, she felt strange as a tingle was going through her body with a sense of anticipation. The hands now moved upwards, and then they stopped just below her breasts. The top of the hands were just touching her breasts which caused her heart to skip a beat.

Alice could feel her heart beating through the whole of her body. She thought that it was so loud the other passengers must be able to hear it. Both of the hands moved once more and were now gently cupping her braless breasts through the blouse. Alice caught her breath once more, but just let the hands wonder. The question passed through her mind, 'why was she letting this outrage take place?' Her body was full of mixed feelings, but none of them was making her feel uncomfortable.

The hands started to unbutton the blouse one at a time while Alice held her breath. With each button was unfastened she felt more of the blouse spring open. Up to this point Alice had been holding her breath, but feeling more relaxed she slowly released the air from her lungs. The final assault was when she felt the blouse being tugged out of her skirt and tugged apart. She could now feel her nipples that were aroused pushing against the leather coat. Her nipples were now rubbing against the rough cold interior of the leather coat that was not lined.

Alice closed her eyes feeling the warm hands fiddling with the catch on her skirt then the feeling of it falling to the floor. She was being stripped in public and her sex was playing games with her mind. She could not understand why instead of being outraged as she should be, she was being aroused and getting a buzz out of it. She felt herself stepping out of the skirt and pushing it to one side with her foot. Then the hands found the little ties on the sides of her panties and pulled the draw cords to let the flimsy material fall to the floor. There was now only one hand fondling her breast and it played with the aroused nipple. There were many things that turned her on, and one of the things she liked about sex was her breasts being fondled. She also knew by the way the hands were manipulating her nipples that they were experienced in the art of stimulation.

Alice didn't know when it happened, but she suddenly realised she was gently leaning against the person behind her. She felt the persons other hand moving across her belly and down further. There was no roughness or rush as it slipped easily across her pubic area that was void of growth to rest near her sex. The hand touched the entrance to her sex causing Alice's legs to nearly buckle under her. One finger momentarily penetrated while it moved in circular motions. Alice was voluntary opening her legs as she held her breath once more. Then it happened in an instance as she felt herself climax. The hands knew that this had taken place as they slipped from her coat in a swift movement. It was just as lights came on and the train lurched forward once more.

Moments later the train stopped at her station and her skirt and knickers were still on the floor. Now feeling naked and exposed, Alice stepped onto the platform walking fast towards the steps of the escalator. However, she stopped just before she took the final step. She turned and looked to where she had been standing in the carriage. She was expecting to see the dirty old man with a raincoat that is always seen flashing their body in films. Instead of a man and looking back at her was a beautiful woman of about thirty with long black hair. She had Alice's skirt over her arm and the panties in her hand.

The dark haired woman showed Alice her own coat pocket, and put her hand in and out. Alice realising the meaning of the gesture slipped her hand in her own pocked. On removing it she pulled out a business card. The woman smiled and with her free hand she blew Alice a kiss. Instead of being shocked Alice smiled, and for some unknown reason blew one back. Alice turned once again before she stepped on the exit escalator.

Alice was thinking about the experience all the time while walking through the streets to her home. It always came back to the same question, 'Why had she allowed it to happen?' It was well different from her prim and perfect person she always liked to portray. She kept telling herself that she acted like a slut.

Before leaving the station she had a wicked thought and went into the ladies room. Once there she entered a cubical and removed her coat then the blouse. She was standing naked with the wind that always blows about stations reaching for her under the cubical door. It was touching the sensitive lips of her pussy as it also aroused her nipples. She put her arms through the coat arms and after she had it on her shoulders her nipples touched the cold leather once more forcing her to shiver involuntary. Her soft thin blouse was folded to the size of a napkin and put in the shoulder purse she always carried. Putting caution to the wind she returned to the platform.

On the street outside the underground station there was an even greater wind that Alice never counted on. As she walked down the few steps she had a sudden anxious thought 'the first button on the coat was almost waist high.' She automatically pushed her hands into her pockets that were thigh high and held the coat flaps shut. By the time she had travelled within three streets of her house the darkness had set in and the street lights still had that orange glow.

While she had been walking down the crowded street near the station she was also thinking, 'that all the men were looking beneath the coat, and could see her nakedness.' The thought of them having that knowledge was giving her a buzz once more. She suddenly had an urge to show a little more of body. When she stopped to look at a shop window she unbuttoned the coat all the way up. Now the only thing holding it together was her hands in the pockets. She still had two streets to go with more of the streetlights now giving the orange glow. The wind that that again starting to blow once more was gusting, and as Alice walked on the same gusts was opening the front of her coat slightly. At one time a gust came and blew back both sides of the coat exposing her body to the empty street. The sudden coldness of the air all over her body gave her another buzz.

It was also at that point that she started to wonder what it would be like if someone had seen what had just happened. If it was a man or boy what would she do? As she turned into her street a boy aged about eighteen was walking towards her. A sudden gust blew her coat open once more letting the boy see her nakedness stopping him in his tracks. Alice felt her face blushing as she walked closer towards him leaving the coat open. It was as she was about to walk by him, she had a sudden urge to give him a treat while he was still in shock. She brazenly stepped up close to him and opened the coat wide. The boy's eyes nearly popped out of his head and she craved for more sensations. She decided to go the full mile, and being so close she stepped even closer and held him tight between the coat flaps and kissed him.

Alice felt his arms slip behind her back and both of his hands were holding the cheeks of her bum. The feelings she was receiving were erotic and sensational pushing her libido to the edge. She felt one of the boys hands move to her front and was fondling her breast while teasing the nipple. She had no idea what had come over her but her tongue was delving deeper into his mouth. Then she felt his other hand move lower to her pussy and because he was not rushing the moment she allowed his fingers to enter her body.

His two fingers darted in and out slowly at first until he found rhythm and Alice knew she could hold on no longer. Her orgasm followed and the boy pulled his mouth away and smiled at her. He then lifted his hand and put the two fingers in his mouth and sucked before he said, "Please show me one more time."

Alice stepped back and opened her coat and watched as he feasted on her nakedness before he said, "You are beautiful thank you, and this is our secret that I will always remember."

Alice closed the coat and smiled at the boy and said, "You are welcome and thank you." Alice turned away from the boy and walked her way home as if nothing had happened.

The fact that Alice had just done this outrageous act had made her almost climax once more. Her thoughts then went back to the train. 'I should have been outraged and slapped her face. The thought of anyone taking such liberties with my body were unthinkable so why did I let it carry on?'

She laughed out loud at what she had just done, thinking 'If that wasn't an outrage what was? For heaven's sake, I have just flashed in public and had sex with a perfect stranger even if he was young and good looking. Anyone could have seen what we were doing. Maybe they did.' Her last thought of being watched having sex sent another tingle through her body.

As she walked to the door of her apartment she was once again in thought. 'What had made her succumb to this abuse of her body on the train, instead of resisting like her normal instincts would have done? She had enjoyed the sensation of being used.'

She had seen the woman on the train every day, but it had only been on the homeward journey. Instead of being repulsed by what had happened she was still getting a buzz. There were a lot of questions going through her mind and with them were a whole new set of sensations that would take a long while to equal.
