On the Bus
bysketchead©

I had been out drinking with my boyfriend. When we got home, he fell asleep almost straight away, and I'd fingered myself thinking of a story I'd read in which a girl had made herself cum in public on a train. I got so turned on imagining it was me in the situation I decided that in the morning, I was going to make myself cum on the bus home.

When I woke up, I put on the dress I'd worn the night before, a teal mini made of stretchy jersey fabric that hugs every curve. It reaches probably 3-4 inches below my arse cheeks. I'm very slim, but still have a smooth curve to my hips and a peachy bum. My tits are 34a, small but very perky, full underneath with the nipples pointing upwards. I decided not to wear any underwear and the hardness of my nipples pushed against the thin fabric showing a very clear outline. It was a Sunday afternoon in the summer, I didn't need a jacket, so I put my underwear into my handbag so my boyfriend wouldn't know I hadn't worn any when I left his, slipped on my shoes and headed for the bus stop.

On the walk to the bus stop my dress kept riding up my legs making me very aware I had no panties on. I don't think it came level with my cheeks but I kept hiking it down just to be sure. I passed two men I guessed to be around 23, one was looking at my pale smooth legs and the other had his eyes on my still hard nipples. They were trying to keep their conversation going but were both clearly distracted. My dress needed pulling down again as they passed me but I left it, hoping they would turn to check out the view from the back and get another eyeful. I don't know if they did or not as I wanted it to seem innocent.

I got to the bus stop at almost the same time as the bus did so I didn't have to wait. I was disappointed as I was planning to sit on the bench and give anyone going by a good view of my shaven pussy. When I got on the bus I could see the driver staring at my nipples poking out through my dress. I got my ticket and hoped he was watching me walk up the bus to a seat. I'd not pulled my dress down for a while now and my glistening pussy must have been so close to being on display. There was about 6 people on the bus, all men. I didn't make eye contact with any and chose a seat around three or four behind the one sitting furthest to the back and on the opposite side. I didn't go right to the back as I didn't want to be totally concealed, it was the the idea of being caught that was exciting me. As the bus pulled off I put my hand up my skirt, and slid my middle finger along the length of my gash, from the bottom to my clit and back again, just dipping inside. I was so wet already that the insides of my thighs were slick with my juices. I knew I only had about 10 minutes so I got straight to work. Once my finger was slippery I began to lightly slide it in a circular motion over my clit, all the while watching the other passengers. They all seemed oblivious to what I was doing. I rubbed harder and faster trying to make as little movement as possible. I looked out of the window and wondered if the people the bus passed could see what I was doing and if they did, would they have time to acknowledge what was going on before I was out of sight. I could feel my wetness running down to my tight little bumhole by now. I knew I'd be leaving a damp patch on the seat.

I was so desperate to cum I think it was making it much harder for me to reach my orgasm than it normally would. I needed something visual to bring me off, I pulled the bottom of my skirt up with the other hand and just seeing my bare pussy out in the open on this bus did it for me. I rubbed for another couple of seconds then plunged two fingers easily into my hole as I came. I bit my lip hard to keep from moaning and kept my eyes glued to the view of my pussy against the gaudy pattern the bus seat was made of. 

When I looked out of the window I realized the next stop was mine. I wiped my sticky fingers onto the bus seat, pulled my skirt back down as I stood up, pressed the bell and sauntered down the bus to get off. As my dress rode up I made no effort to pull it down, I hoped the other passengers got a glimpse of my wet thighs as I walked past. When I got in I was so turned on I had my fingers inside myself as soon as I'd closed my front door and I was cumming again in minutes lying on the hall floor.
