Starbucks Peep Show
by AvarraMarie

I pulled into the Starbucks parking lot where I was to meet a guy I had been talking to on one of the dating apps. We had hit it off fairly well and had been talking/flirting for a little over a month. The flirting got a little more intense the last week or so. When we decided to meet, I thought I would dress sexy in case things went well.

I was about 45 minutes early as I wanted to have a coffee before he got there. A few couples were setting outside and a guy sitting alone. I was dressed in a grey and black plaid miniskirt, not terribly tight but snug enough to show my curves and my round ass. It was short, lying maybe an inch below the curve of my ass. A white silk blouse that was v-cut and showed plenty of cleavage and my plump tits. Black pumps with a 5- inch heel. As I got out of the car, I noticed the guy by himself checking me out, hard. So, I thought I'd have a little fun until my date got there and get myself a little spiced up to boot. I leaned back into my car like I had forgotten something, with one leg stretched, and the other bent with the knee resting on the seat, you know how we women do when they want to emphasize and show off their legs. I glanced back to see if I had caught his attention, and sure enough, he had leaned forward against the table and I could see his hand in his lap adjusting himself.

I stood up with my back to him and dropped my keys on the seat. I leaned over at the waist, doing that "straight leg bend-over" which caused my skirt to pull tighter across my ass and slide up just enough. I grabbed my keys and dropped them into my purse, closed the door, and strutted across the parking lot. I exaggerated my walk, swinging my hips, doing that heel-to-toe cat-walk as the models do on the runway. The extra swing in my hips made my tits bounce and jiggle nicely. As I walked towards the door his eyes never left me. Scanning up and down my body over and over again. The hand in his lap was now holding what must have been a good hard-on. As I got closer to him, I lowered my sunglasses and looked right at him, gave him a little smile, and winked at him. I walked past him and on into Starbucks.

I could see out of the corner of my eye he had stood up and followed me in. I smiled to myself, knowing I had him, and I felt that familiar little tingle in my clitoris as my pussy got wet and started heating up. My date tonight was in for a real treat. I ordered my coffee and a pastry they have that looks like a breadstick but is sweet.

I grabbed my order and found a high-top table in the corner directly across from my stranger. There were others seated around randomly, one or two may have been able to see the show that was about to occur, I wasn't certain, but I knew he could. I had to lean and stretch a little to reach the creamer, as I did, I let my thighs spread so he could get a good look and see I wasn't wearing panties and that my little pussy had blossomed, the inner lips now curled out all pink and glistening wet. I had his full and complete attention now. I poured cream into my coffee and looked around the room, casually, ignoring him, but not really. I picked up the pastry, long and slender, slowly parting my red lips, letting my tongue slide out just enough, and placed the tip of the pastry on my tongue and pulled it into my mouth, letting my lips wrap around it. I stared straight into his eyes as I held the pastry between my lips for a few moments before taking a bite and looking away. I crossed and uncrossed my legs over and over for him giving him quick little glances up my skirt.

Finally, I leaned back in my chair and spread my legs for him. My skirt now slid up my thighs the rest of the way, my wet pussy on full display. Anyone in the place would be able to see, and probably did, I didn't notice and didn't care quite honestly.

I slid my nails slowly up and down my cleavage, deliberately licking my lips as I stared at him. My lover squirmed in the leather chair at this point. I knew I was getting to him, and time to up the show. I let my hand drop to my lap, with my middle finger I rubbed up and down my slit, and brush lightly over my swollen, throbbing clit. My legs quivered and shook, I knew he could see the excitement I was giving myself. As I brushed over my clit, I heard a moan rise out of my own throat and caught my breath quickly. I was biting my lower lip as I pushed two fingers into my pussy, my other hand was now in my lap, fingers rubbing and working on my clit. Oblivious of everyone except my lover I fingered myself, my clit throbbing and going wild. My hips and ass now wiggled as my fingers plunged faster and harder in and out of my pussy. My orgasm was fast approaching, I bit down hard on my bottom lip to stifle any moans coming from inside me. I clamped my thighs tight as I knew I was going to squirt and didn't know if it was going to be a flood or a little gush. I was moaning and grunting like an animal, it was all I could do to keep from screaming as I orgasmed. I felt the juices as I squirted, the flood soaking my chair, and trickling down the backs of my legs. My lover was pumping his hand hard under the table. My orgasm slowly faded. My hands are now soaked. I raised my fingers to my lips and slowly licked each one.

I grabbed a bunch of napkins and cleaned up my mess. My breathing slowed finally. I looked around the room, I didn't see anyone staring so I still don't know if anyone saw and watched or if everyone was oblivious of the finger fucking I had just given myself. I straightened my skirt and hurried to the bathroom to check my hair and make-up and to make sure I was presentable. I got back to my table and finished my coffee. My date showed up shortly after. As we walked out the door, I dropped a napkin with my phone number on the stranger's table and walked out.
