Kelly's Hazing
by TheBlushingPrincess

Part 8: Conclusion

Kelly receives yet another text from Mike.

“My sincere apologies, but I need you to come over right now.”

Stunned again. Kelly had just gotten out of the shower and was getting ready for an early bedtime. It had been a long day. She was not in the mood to have to strip.

“Come on, Mike. I’m just out of the shower, getting ready for bed.”

“That’s perfect. Don’t put on any clothes. Just put on an overcoat and head over. That will make things go faster.”

Asshole. Really???

“Are you kidding?”

“No.”

Shit.

“Underwear?”

“No.”

Shit again.

She slips on a pair of boots, covers up with an above-the-knee, black coat, grabs her bag, and heads out. “He’s going to pay for this, eventually. I guarantee it. If it’s the last thing I do,” she mutters and grumbles as she heads out into the snow.

She arrives at Mike’s apartment and knocks. He opens the door. His heart skips a beat. She is so amazingly beautiful. Hair still just a bit damp from the shower, boots that accentuate her shapely calves, and a coat that goes down to just mid-thigh. No makeup at all. Just pure, beautiful, natural Kelly, her cheeks glowing pink from the cold air. Knowing she is completely naked under the coat only sweetens the deal. And her look of annoyance and irritation just about pushes him over the edge. He didn’t expect to get hard quite so quickly. But there it was.

After staring at her from head to toe for longer than necessary, he finally says, “Kelly, come in. Come in.”

She steps into the room, her boots tapping sexily on the hard floor.

“What kind of a gentleman would I be if I didn’t offer to take your coat?” he says with a grin.

She rolls her eyes and lets out an exasperated breath of air. Resigned, she turns her back to him so he can help her off with her coat. He graciously lifts it off her shoulders, pausing for a moment as he is transfixed by her amazing and perfectly round ass. He can’t help but stare for a moment longer. Even though he has been seeing her naked all week, she is still not used to it and is happy to keep her back to him as long as he will allow.

Finally, he hangs up her coat in the closet.

“And if you wouldn’t mind taking off your boots. I just had someone in yesterday to scrub the floor.”

“Yes, I’m well aware.”

“So if you would be so kind…”

Kelly sits her bare ass down on a chair and unzips and removes her boots, being careful to never expose her soles to Mike, even after a torturous week. Her nakedness aside, he can’t help but fall deeper and deeper in love with her every moment he sees her. Yes, her naked body is amazing to behold. But her cuteness and sweetness wins the day. And her nakedness and shy nature only accentuate how adorable and wonderful she is.

She crosses her legs tightly and covers her breasts with her arms.

“So what is you need me to do tonight?” she asks with apprehensive irritation.

MIKE: I just need you to go over to the couch and have a seat.

She walks over to the couch. She’s still covering her breasts but has stopped caring about her lower body. Let him look. She’s too tired to fight it.

KELLY: Right here?

MIKE: That’s perfect.

She sits down on the couch, crossing her legs again. She is still covering her breasts with her arm.

KELLY: And that’s it?

MIKE: Not quite.

KELLY: Well what?

MIKE: I want you to play with your nipples.

KELLY: You want me to what???

MIKE: You heard me. I’m going to sit here and watch you play with your nipples.

He sits down on a chair just a few feet in front of the couch.

She leans back on the couch and pulls her fingers back. She is about to start caressing her own nipples.

KELLY: Why?

MIKE: Just for fun. Whenever you’re ready.

After rolling her eyes and exhaling a breath of profound annoyance, she leans back and begins to caress her nipples. It doesn’t take long before she starts to get herself turned on. After only 30 seconds, she has no choice but to uncross her legs and lean back further in the couch. The longer she plays, the more stimulated she becomes. At times her knees and legs are writhing. At times her hips are pulsing. At times her upper body is squirming. And sometimes, a grand combination of all three. She’s only been going a couple of minutes.

Her eyes are closed.

Mike is just watching. And watching. And watching. He is mesmerized by her beauty. The smoothness of her body. The sensuality of her rhythmic movement. Her athletic thighs and legs. Her oh so impossibly cute feet with pink painted toes. Her perfect breasts. Her milky white shoulders. Her now-focused expression.

MIKE: Kelly…

KELLY: (In a trance) Yes?

MIKE: Open your eyes and look at me.

KELLY: I can’t.

MIKE: Open your eyes and look at me.

KELLY: Why?

MIKE: I want you to see me watching you.

Kelly can’t do it. She can’t open her eyes. She wants to. But the intense pleasure from her sensitive nipples has got her in such an elevated state that she can’t do anything at all.

MIKE: Open your eyes.

After a moment, Kelly holds her fingertips still and opens her eyes. She and Mike are frozen in time. They inhale together.

MIKE: Don’t stop caressing your nipples.

Kelly closes her eyes again and continues teasing her nipples. Her pelvic movement intensifies. Mike just watches. Moments pass.

KELLY: I need to touch myself.

MIKE: No. Only your nipples. Nothing else.

KELLY: Please. Let me touch myself.

MIKE: No. Nipples only. Don’t stop. You can’t stop until I say so.

She moans an involuntary moan.

KELLY: Please. Please, Mike. Please.

Mike says nothing. He can’t.

Silence as she continues. Another moment passes. She continues to obediently caress her nipples. Her body is quivering.

KELLY: I neeeeed to touch myself. Pleeeeaaase.

MIKE: No.

A pause.

KELLY: Then you’re going to have to do it.

This was actually not part of Mike’s plan. He had no intention of manipulating the situation like this. He is a gentleman. He was only meaning to tease her. He has no interest in taking advantage of her.

MIKE: I’m sorry, Kelly. I can’t do that. I can’t touch you. It’s the rules of the initiation. “No touching.”

KELLY (still caressing her nipples, getting hotter than hot, grinding her backside against the couch): Forget the rules. Please. Forget them. Touch me. If you’re not going to let me touch myself, then you need to do it. Right. Now. Please. I’m going to explode.

Her breath gets shallower and deeper at the same time. Her eyes are still closed.

MIKE: Are you sure?

KELLY: I’ve never been more sure of anything.

MIKE: I need to have a record of it.

He picks up his phone.

MIKE: I’m just getting a close up on your face. Nothing else, I promise. But I need you to look into the camera and say that you are waving the “no touching” rule.

KELLY: Fine. Anything.

She is still in a trance. So is he, to an extent. He holds the phone up to her face, tightly cropping the image. She is still caressing her nipples endlessly, working herself into a frenzied state of ecstasy and longing.

KELLY: (eyes open looking into the phone) I hereby waive the “no touching” rule.

Mike turns off the camera and puts it away. He was careful to not capture anything except her face. A true gentleman—and a man of his word.

MIKE: (tenderly) What do you want me to do?

KELLY: (through her moaning) Touch me.

MIKE: How?

KELLY: Anything, Mike. Anything. Stop talking and just touch me. Fingers. Tongue. Dildo. Anything. Just please. Pleeeeaasse.

He steps toward her and kneels down in front of her. He lowers his face to her lady parts. He opens his mouth.

Contact.

She squeals.

He circles his tongue.

She is writhing in bliss.

He gently moves his hands across her thighs, up her belly, and to her breasts. He moves her hands away and begins caressing her nipples. She sinks back further into the couch, her hips moving in rhythm against his face, mouth, and tongue.

She moves her hands to the back of his head. She pulls him in tight. She is never letting go.
