Servitude Ch. 01
by Lanuit©


She stood in the kitchen in her usual kitchen attire, naked but for an apron. 
Her breasts pressed against the apron, the ties were in neat bows laying across 
the top of her ass and upper back. She washed the dishes as she always did after 
dinner. He liked to watch her from the door way. He'd watch how her hands moved 
across the plates, how her butt would jiggle as she moved back and forth, 
washing and rinsing. He gazed at her firm legs, watched her muscles flex as she 
shifted her weight back and forth. She knew he was behind her watching. She 
liked being watched by him. She exaggerated her movements slightly wiggling her 
butt more than necessary. Her feet were together as she bent down to put up a 
pan. She bent over at her waist, her hips enhancing her heart shaped ass as it 
turned into her long legs that came down to the nice points of her feet. He 
moved over to her silently. She stayed down longer than she needed to knowing he 
was behind her. He slapped her, suddenly, several times. They were sharp and 
quick, leaving a stinging impression behind. She had braced herself on the shelf 
and took the hits wantonly. He ran his fingers lightly across the redness, 
moving them over each cheek. He smacked her ass again a few more times and then moved away going back out of the kitchen and back to the living room to watch tv.

She finished putting up the dishes, untied the apron and put it on its hook by 
the door. Opening the refrigerator she pulled out a cold beer, opened it, and 
walked out to the living room. She set the beer on the end table next to him and 
then moved to the other side of his chair kneeling beside him. He started to 
absently play her hair. "I have a little surprise for you tonight," he said 
calmly. She smiled with excitement. She knelt beside him for the remainder of 
the show imagining all the possibilities of the surprise as the moisture grew 
between her legs in anticipation. 

The show finished and he turned off the TV. He looked down at her and smiled. 
"Come up here and kneel over me facing the TV,". She got up, straddled his lap, 
and knelt on the sofa chair, her feet tucked in behind him. Her butt was just 
about level with his face, her legs spread for him. He pulled up the foot stool 
with his feet and pushed her forward indicating for her to bed over. She did 
putting her hands on the foot stool and gripped the edges to ensure her balance. 
This position made her ass push up into the air and brought her pussy in full 
view. Her clit poked out slightly, already engorged with arousal. He could see 
her smooth pussy glisten in front of him, moistened with anticipation. He leaned 
to the side to make sure she was in a good position and smiled as he saw her 
small but perky breasts hanging in the air. He slapped her ass moderately hard 
and watched as her tits swayed in the air from the impact. 

He started rubbing her butt roughly and grabbing it, squeezing it with one hand. 
He kept his other hand on her thigh to further steady her. He spanked her again 
several times going back and forth between each side. Soom she was a nice rosy 
color and he could feel the heat start to rise. He loved the feeling of the heat 
hitting his hand as he moved it over her flesh, never actually touching it. 

She smiled through the spanking, feeling the sting of each strike. She lowered 
her head to rest on the foot stool and gripped it securely making sure to keep 
her position for him. He ran his fingers lightly down her crack and over her 
pussy lips, trailing a finger just between them. He reached her hard little clit 
and circled it with the tip of his finger. She resisted the urge to press 
against his hand, trying to be good and stay in place as expected. 

He teased her some more sensing her turmoil and his smile broadened. He could 
feel himself get hard at her torment. He continued his teasing by pressing his 
finger a little deeper into her folds, moving back and forth going deeper with 
each stroke. She was soaking wet and more than ready to accept him. He pushed 
his finger slowly in her wet hole, teasing her some more by just putting the tip 
in, moving it in and out. He could hear her breathing get heavier. She rolled 
her hips out slightly in reaction to the frustrating teasing, wanting more of 
his finger in her. He immediately pulled it out and slapped her ass. 

She grimaced at her movement and the subsequent punishment. He began to slowly finger fuck her with one finger then two fingers then three. He smiled as she 
remained still taking it. He stopped his fingers fully in her. "Fuck my fingers 
my little one, show me how you are My little slut," He said softly and firmly. 
She smiled and started moving her hips back and forth sliding her pussy along 
his fingers, squeezing them. He let her get herself nice and worked up, enjoying 
watching her fuck his fingers like an animal. He pulled his fingers out, 
dripping with her juices. "That's enough for now. Get up. It's time for your 
surprise." He reached around and gripped her tits in his hands and helped her 
straighten out and steady her. 

With his help she got off the chair and onto her feet. She placed her hand on 
his arm while he walked her over to the sliding glass doors out to the backyard. 
He opened the door, it was pitch dark outside. He flipped the switch by the door 
and a spot light turned on illuminating a circular section in the middle of the 
yard. She gasped when she saw what was there and tightened her grip on his arm. 
In the center was a small wooden structure approximately 2ft cubed. In the 
center of this box was a circular toilet seat. He started to walk out into the 
yard towards it. She hesitated and then sped up when he kept going and pulled 
her along. 

He led her right up to the "toilet", presenting it for her view. There was a 
hole in the top with a seat up on top. Inside there was a bucket that went 
almost all the way to the opening of the hole. In the front of the box was a 
small door to access the bucket. She looked down at it in trepidation. He looked 
down at her and smiled. He grabbed her hand and pulled her around and sat her 
down on it. She sat there shaking despite the warm air around her. 

He could see her obvious discomfort and knew that it was only her sheer will to 
please him that kept her there. "You are going to be a good girl now and use 
this every time you need the bathroom," he said very matter of fact. He watched 
her eyes go wide and her jaw drop slightly. She started to get up and then sat 
back down again when she looked up and saw the stern look on his face. She 
opened her mouth to say something when he interrupted, "No, I do not want to 
hear anything, but Yes, Sir. You are going to start now and will not be allowed 
to get up from there till you have at least peed." She lowered her head and said 
softly, "Yes, Sir." He nodded, "Good. I will return in an hour to check on your 
progress." He turned around and went back inside closing the door behind him.

She sat there naked and exposed, the bright light shining on her. She felt 
nervous and a little scared. She looked around and could see lights on in the 
windows of the neighbors' houses. She hoped no one would look out and see her 
there. The nakedness didn't bother her, but her position did. She sat there and 
thought to herself, 'He knows I can't do this. I don't even use the bathroom in 
front of him. How can I do this when he knows that I just can't do these kinds 
of things? It's so embarrassing.' The worse part was that she didn't even need 
the bathroom. She sat there and lowered her head knowing she would fail him. 

He had gone inside knowing that she would not do anything in that hour but sit 
there and fret. He shook his head and went to watch tv. After the hour he went 
to make some final preparations. A few minutes later he walked out and saw her 
sitting there her head lowered. She didn't even lift her head when she heard the 
door. She did straighten her posture, but kept her head lowered. He couldn't 
help but smile as he stood at the door just looking at her lithe form. Her 
breasts pushed out slightly by her arms, nipples hard from the occasional 
breeze. He walked out to her and reached out , lifting her chin up. She looked 
at him the embarrassment in her eyes. "Did you do as you were told," he asked. 
She lowered her eyes, "No, Sir." Her voice was barely audible. He took her hand 
and walked her back inside. 

He led her into the kitchen. "On the floor, forehead down, ass up," he 
instructed. She got on her knees, legs spread, forehead to the ground, and hands 
palm down on the floor. He walked out and a few minutes later came back in. She 
laid there eyes closed waiting for her unknown punishment. She felt his hands on 
her butt, caressing it, then spreading her cheeks apart. She felt him insert 
something relatively small in her. Then she felt that all too familiar sensation 
of warm water flowing into her. She grimaced as the water went in. She hated 
when he cleaned her out. It was always so embarrassing the noises that come out. 
At least he always would let her go in the bathroom alone and run the shower 
while she emptied her bowels in the toilet. She realized what he was going to 
make her do and she scrunched up her face, blushing from the thought. 

He stood behind her holding the water bottle making sure the liquid went in at a 
slow steady pace. He could see that she had worked out what was going to happen. 
He thought it was about time for her to learn that she cannot hide anything from 
him nor has the right to hide anything no matter what it is. The bottle was 
finally empty and he gave it a quick shake then reached down and removed the 
tube. She could feel that her belly was bloated and full. The water no longer 
hurt for her anymore as this was part of their weekly routine. It was her least 
favorite thing to do. She found it gross, disgusting, and just plain 
embarrassing. She understood and accepted that it needed to be done but she 
still did not like it one bit. 

He rubbed her ass, then reached around and felt her belly. He could feel the 
water inside of her. "Stand up, go outside again and lay down," He said. She 
stood up and grimaced a bit from the discomfort of the fluid. She went back 
outside and laid down on the grass. She laid down with her legs spread, arms 
out, palms down, and face to the side exposing her entire backside. She let out 
a deep breath preparing herself for what she knew was coming now. 'How can he 
make this even worse for me?' she thought, 'Doesn't he know how hard this is 
already?' She knew that all these questions were pointless and she just had to 
accept her punishment. He walked out behind her carrying his favorite whip. He 
noticed that she was out of the light and silently chuckled. He left her there 
and decided to get to work. His arm came down and the first strike kissed her 
ass. He was very good with a whip and made sure to only hit her with the first 
few inches of it leaving a small thin line in its wake. She laid there on the 
cool grass, clenching her butt so that none of the water would escape. She felt 
the first strike and it was really just like a light caress of the whip. She 
knew though that it would intensify as he continued. He did not stop his 
strikes. He concentrated on her flesh each strike still only hitting her just 
enough to make his point. Already there was a myriad of lines criss-crossing her 
butt and hips. Small drops of blood were making their way down the sides of her 
creamy skin.

She held her tongue as best she could only making small squeaks here and there. 
She knew she had to be as quiet as possible especially being outside. She closed 
her eyes tightly and gripped the grass around her as he coolly whipped her. Her 
body instinctively pressed against the ground and in doing so pressed her 
stomach. She clenched her cheeks together as best she could to make sure she 
didn't lose control of her bowels. Even though the hits were not that hard there 
were so many of them that the pain compounded. Despite the pain and the 
discomfort her pussy was dripping and her clit throbbing. After what seemed like 
an eternity to her but was really less than 30 minutes, he stopped. She let out 
a long slow breath. She relaxed almost forgetting all the water within her. He 
walked over to her and helped her up. He led her back over to the toilet and sat 
her down. She yelped a bit as her ass hit the seat, the stings of the cuts 
corsing through her. He stood in front of her, his hard cock right in her face, 
kept back by his jeans. "You know what you must do My little one," he said 
calmly. She looked up at him pleadingly, her hands clasped in her lap. She sat 
there clenching her cheeks, trying her best to not let any of it go. He looked 
at her coldly knowing that any shift in his expression would give her hope even 
though she knows there is none. She closed her eyes and tried to block 
everything out. It seemed like everything was so quiet. She opened her eyes 
looking up. He was still there looking at her. She looked around and noticed 
that their actions had got the eye of one of the neighbors. He was standing at 
the window looking down at them. She sighed deeply. "I am losing my patience," 
he said sternly. He had noticed his neighbor in the window earlier while he was 
whipping His little one. It's not the first time he's seen him watching them. 
The neighbor looked down upon them not sure exactly what was going on. He was 
wearing only his boxers, already hard from just looking at her body and watching 
him whip her ass. He watched as she got up and sat down on something that looked like a toilet. He was confused by this but just watching her made it possible to push what she was doing out of his mind. He reached down and started to stroke 
his hard cock within his boxers. He always liked watching her. She was always 
naked in the house, cleaning, cooking, doing everything in the nude. He pulled 
up his chair and took his usual position for watching her. He looked down at His 
little one and shook his head. She sat there, her eyes scrunched up tight, legs 
closed, hands clasped tightly in her lap. He needed to relax her. He separated 
her hands and made her keep them open and at her sides. He then pushed her legs 
apart and started caressing her legs up and down. He moved his other hand to her 
breast and started pulling and playing with her nipple. She started to relax as 
he played with her. He moved his hand in between her lips and started to play 
with her clit. He discovered how wet she was and smiled deviously. He continued 
to pinch and play with her nipples alternating between them. He began to slide 
his fingers in and out of her wet pussy. He could feel her arousal rise and at 
the same time still keep tense so as to not lose her bowels. He finger fucked 
her until her breath was nice and heavy and he could hear small moans escape 
from her. He then stopped and caressed her face and leaned in close to her ear. 
"Are you going to be My good girl," he said coldly, "or are you just some dirty 
little slut for everyone's amusement?" He grabbed her chin and made her look up 
and see the neighbor, who was obviously watching them. He asked her again, "Are 
you just some slut who hides behind fears, doors and mistrust? Or are you Mine?" 
She heard his words and they hit her hard. She felt ashamed suddenly for keeping 
things from him. Tears came to her eyes. She shrunk away from him. He stopped 
her with a slap on the tit. "Are you ashamed to be Mine? Or are you proud to be 
Mine?" He grabbed her chin as he spoke making her look directly at him. "Are you 
going to answer me?" She looked at him, tears streaming down, her voice lost 
somewhere. "Should I just leave you out here to amuse our neighbor? Or are you 
going to pull yourself together and make me proud of you?" She swallowed hard 
and whispered, "Make you proud." He leaned in closer, "I can't hear you." He 
stepped back from her a few feet, "What did you say?" "Make you proud, Sir" "I 
still can't hear you." She took a deep breath and let it out slowly, "Make you 
proud, Sir." She had puffed out her chest and finally said it clearly. 

He moved closer to her, "Then do it." She looked up at him and took a couple of 
deep breaths and gave him a small smile. She exhaled slowly and tried to relax. 
She slowly relaxed her anus, water started to drip out and she tensed up again 
as she heard the sound of it hit the bottom of the bucket. She tried to relax 
some more and let a little bit more out wincing at the sound it made. She hated 
the sound. She looked up at him and saw that he was being patient but also 
sensed that he won't tolerate much more of this. She closed her eyes and 
pictured how relaxed she has to be when he fucks her ass with his nice cock. She 
relaxed and all the water came pouring out. She closed her eyes tightly as it 
splashed in the bucket. Suddenly, she felt his cock pushed against her lips and 
she was forced to open her mouth.

He grabbed her head by her hair and shoved his cock deep in her throat. He felt 
his head hit the back of her throat and he held it there until she needed to 
breath. He pulled out and started to fuck her throat hard, pounding his cock 
into her face. He grabbed her head with both of his hands moving in and out of 
her. It didn't take long of the fierce fucking of her mouth and throat before he 
shoved her all the way down on his cock and shot his cum down her throat. He 
held her there till he was done cumming and then pulled out and wiped his cock 
on the side of her face. He looked down at her and smiled. She smiled back up at 
him, cum smeared across her cheek. 

He leaned down and whispered, "I am proud of you My little slut." She smiled 
even brighter at the praise. He put an arm under her and his other arm under her 
legs, picking her up. She put her head on his chest and wrapped her arms around 
his neck. He looked up as he turned around. Their voyeur had had his fill it 
seemed as he was no longer there. He shook his head with a smile and walked back 
in the house.

To be continued...










