Schoolgirl in the Park
byFloppsyrabbit©

Schoolgirl in the Park Pt. 01

She was wearing her Loreto Mandeville Hall school uniform, enjoying a sunny afternoon with me taking photos of her in the park. Underneath her sky blue school dress, she was wearing white cotton briefs like a good little Catholic schoolgirl. Her white ankle socks were covered by black T-bar school shoes and she wore a wide, white ribbon in her ponytailed hair. Being the good girl that she was, she had followed my earlier instruction not to wear a bra, so her little tits were rubbing directly onto the slightly coarse material of her dress.

Camera in hand, I told her to stand, bend and lie in increasingly suggestive poses, sometimes snapping photos from behind or sneakily up her dress so I could glimpse her crisp, white underwear. I took a particularly nice shot by telling her to kneel in the grass, hands behind her back and looking up at me with a sweet smile on her pretty face. The top button on her dress was undone so I was able to partially capture her sweet little tits from my vantage point. From that angle, it looked like she was about ready to take a hard cock in her mouth and give someone a mind-altering blowjob. My cock stiffened at the delicious thought of it - how lovely would it be to pull my hard dick out, grab the back of her head and thrust it in past her sweet lips and down her tender throat! Restraining myself, I thought "Hmm, yes, well perhaps later..."

We had certainly caught the attention of a a few onlookers who were becoming increasingly interested in our photographic activities. She is a gorgeous, petite girl and seemed so sweet and innocent in her neat Catholic school uniform which only made her look all the more fuckable.

By now, after roaming around with her, photographing all these cute, sexy poses the temperature (and tent) in my pants had risen. So, I took her strongly by the hand and whispered hungrily into her small ear: "You look good enough to eat my sweet, little angel. You know what? I'm sure some of the guys around here would love to fuck the shit out of you right here in the park if they had half a chance!" She pouted but squeezed my hand and bit her lip sweetly as if to hint that she might not mind that so much...

We walked over to a vacant park bench and sat down together. I threw an arm around her shoulder so I could grope one of her tits over her dress and started slowly kissing her soft, open mouth. Her tongue and lips tasted faintly of cherry chapstick and she moaned gently into my mouth as we passionately kissed. Her hips shifted and bucked slightly as her bald, tender pussy started to moisten up in her panties.

I felt her nipple harden under the blue material of her school dress as I greedily rubbed, pinched and squeezed the perky breast, continuing to deeply French kiss her there on the park bench in the afternoon light. I reached across to slide my free hand up along her silky leg and under the hem of her dress, lightly running my fingers along the bottom line of her cotton briefs. She spread her legs apart a little and moaned some more, so I dragged my fingers over the area of her underpants which covered her warm, hairless mound.

Other people in the vicinity either looked disbelievingly or enviously at the scene and a couple of guys come closer to check out this horny young school girl getting French kissed and felt up in the middle of the park by a lucky, middle aged man.

Afters few more minutes I stopped kissing and caressing her to reach into my bag and produce a black, silk blindfold. Wrapping it snuggly around head, it fully covered her eyes and she smiled expectantly. "Stay here" was all I said as I stood up, leaving her sitting there on the bench, and pulled a small sign out of my bag which read:

"FREE KISSES - I LOVE TONGUE KISSING. No touching under my school dress though, please 😉"

Carefully placing the sign next to her on the bench so that anyone nearby could read it, I walked about fifty metres away to another bench seat so as to view the scene from afar.



