Taylors Sorority
by ricwill

Taylor joins her sorority.

Saturday's were normally Taylor's favorite day of the week and the only day she could sleep in for a few extra hours but this Saturday was different for eighteen year old Taylor who was already up and showered by six o'clock in the morning and sitting on her bed nervously looking at her laptop waiting for a special message to appear on Skype from her prospective sorority.

Taylor had every reason to be nervous that morning. She had wanted to join the sorority ever since she started collage six months earlier and with a recommendation from her older sister and sorority member Kaitlin she had just been accepted into the sorority on a trial basis until she proved her loyalty and commitment to the sorority.

As Taylor waited for a message on Skype a blond girl with shoulder length hair poked her head around Tailors bedroom door. "Knock, knock" she said to Taylor.

"Come in Kaitlin, I'm just waiting for them to Skype me" Taylor said to her sister as she entered the bedroom and sat on Tailor's bed next to her to talk.

"Don't be too nervous Taylor. I'm assigned to your task's and I had to go through the sort of thing when I was pledging so I can tell you that some things won't be easy and there will be things you won't want to do but if you want to be in the sorority you will just have to do your best and it gets better once you are a full member." Kaitlin explained to her in a calm voice.

"Have they told you what your first assignment is yet?" Kaitlin asked her as she waited for Tailor's reply.

"Yes they have, it's a game called scavenger hunt over the weekend. I'm waiting for them to send me the rules and what I need to do to play it."

"I had to play that game when I pledged and I think it will be both interesting and embarrassing for you so good luck with it and I shouldn't tell you this but wear one of my long t-shirt that covers your bum" Kaitlin replied with a slight smile on her face.

Just then a notification sounded on Taylor's laptop and she opened her Skype message and started to read it aloud to Kaitlin so she would be able to hear her task.

"SCAVENGER HUNT RULES PLEASE READ."

"Welcome to our first assignment we like to call scavenger hunt."

"The rules are simple; your objective is to find all ten envelopes that have tasks in them. You must complete all of them by six o'clock Sunday night. Kaitlin will be assigned to watch over you to make sure you complete the tasks but will not be able to interfere with your task in any way except to take a photo to prove you completed it and send it to us."

"You will not use a car to get around but any other means of transport will be acceptable."

"Your first envelope is in the park near the old statue taped underneath a picnic table.

The game starts now."

Taylor changed her t-shirt with one of Kaitlin's bigger ones then looked into the mirror to see that it came down past her bum about five inches covering the top of her pants and being satisfied she was now ready for the scavenger hunt both Taylor and Kaitlin decided that seeing Taylor couldn't ride in Kaitlin's car they would both walk from their flat to the bus stop a couple of hundred meters down the road and wait for the bus that stopped at the park.

The bus ride seemed like it was taking forever but eventually the bus pulled up outside the park gates and both Taylor and Kaitlin got off and walked the main path About fifty meters then turned down another smaller path in the park until they reached the statue and soon found the envelope taped to the bottom of the picnic table then they sat down and Taylor looked around at the half a dozen people using the park to walk their dogs that morning before nervously opening the envelope and reading it to Kaitlin.

"Welcome Taylor to your first task and once completed you will then walk to two blocks from the park to the bus shelter on James Street where you will find your next envelop taped underneath the bus shelter seat."

"Your first task will show your commitment to do something embarrassing for the sorority. Kaitlin has been supplied with a plastic bag by us and your task is to walk behind the bushes across from where you are sitting so you are out of sight then take off your pants and panties so you are bottomless then give then to Kaitlin to put in her bag. You must stay bottomless until you get back home tonight."

Now Taylor made more sense of why Kaitlin had told her to change into a larger t-shirt which made her feel a little relieved but the thought of doing a scavenger hunt with only her t-shirt covering her bum and pussy was still a little embarrassing to her even though no one knew except Taylor and Kaitlin.

Moving behind the bushes so as she knew she was out of sight of the public's view Taylor undid her pants and slid them down her legs and off her feet followed by her white panties then once adjusting her t-shirt until she was satisfied she was as respectable as she could be under the circumstances she walked back out of the bushes to Kaitlin where she looked her over and smiled at her predicament knowing she had to do the same thing when she pledged.

"Let's get this over with before I get too embarrassed" Taylor said to Kaitlin as they started to walk through the park past people walking their dogs and sitting on the park benches as Kaitlin took a couple of pic's with her phone of Taylor s white legs protruding from under her t-shirt.

"Nice legs" said a man passing by them as he checked her over and then kept walking.

"I can't wait to get this day over with so I can put my pants back on, the breeze is cold and going strait up my t-shirt" Taylor said to Kaitlin. Then they reached the park gates and started to walk down the road towards the bus stop where the next envelope was hidden. Making Taylor wonder what her next task would be and hopefully it would be an easy one to complete.

Arriving at the bus shelter Kaitlin sat down on the bench while Taylor went looking for the envelope feeling with her hand underneath the bench until she could feel it and pulled it away from the bench and opened it up to read to Kaitlin.
