Summer Dares
byLitEroCat©

Summer Dares

Another beautiful California day started out so serene and calm, yet ended as anything but that. Sue and I woke before dawn and sat on our East facing deck hugging our blankets and hot mugs of mocha under the ebbing night sky. "Weather said it would hit ninety again today with clear skies. Seems like a nice time for a day ride somewhere new." Sue nodded her head, smiled and leaned into my shoulder. "OK then. Should we take our bikes or the convertible?"

"Easy choice, Al. Riding in full leathers, gloves and helmets in ninety degree heat is not fun. If it gets too hot in the car, we can put the top up and turn on the A/C so that's my vote. I want it to be 55 to 75 to be comfy on the bike."

"I agree. Let's head North to balance the heat as soon as the sun rises out of our eye lines. Let's make it a 'tourist' drive up PCH and along U.S. 1 past Monterey. We can go inland to that winery and get a case of garlic wine then go back to 1 for a small town lunch before we turn back."

"Sounds like a nice, lazy day for a change. I'll go pack."

"For a day trip? What do we need to pack? I dare you to take a risk and pack nothing but cold drinks. You up for some dares?"

"Sure." She grinned. "So my return dare is for us to go commando. You in?"

That could have been much worse. "I'm in. Put some water in the freezer for an hour and let's enjoy sunrise for now." An hour later, while dressing in my loose shorts for the day, "Now why are you considering a bra on our day off? You rarely wear one to work, and you said commando — so no bra."

"Yes. You're right. Silly me. You want me in my loose shorts or the tiny, tight ones?"

"I want you every way. I'm tempted to dare you to ride naked, but then you'll sun burn your nipples and spoil our fun. Loose shorts for easy access, like mine."

Sunday traffic is as light as it gets on PCH (Pacific Coast Highway) and the peaceful coast ride mesmerizes, when you can give it your attention. Despite the tranquility and isolation of an easy bike ride, the distraction of the hypnotic coastal tableau kills. It's hard enough to stay on the winding road in a car.

"You know it's legal now to bare your tits in public. Lose the T-shirt and I'll rub in some sun screen. How about it?" I slipped a hand under her shirt and lifted it enough to see her soft nipple. When I lifted it to expose both tits, she pulled it down without comment.

She puckered, "I don't think so. Maybe if I had nice tits, I might show them off."

With my hand far up her loose shorts, and her looking for spying traffic, I said, "Need I remind you what I think of your tits? You know I love how cute they are, and they don't sag, and they taste great, and your nipples are perfection. I even like the peach fuzz on your perfect skin. Now aren't you glad we went commando today so I can finger you even with your shorts on? It might be more exciting if you took them off."

"Right. So I can show truckers my pussy. How about you take yours off and I'll rub in the sun screen? I dare you!"

"A dare's a dare. Help me push them off." She did and I put them and my T-shirt under my seat as she rubbed me with lotion all over while I drove naked. "Don't rub my dick too hard or I'll lose control of everything." I went back to fingering her to wetness and licking my fingers as we drove casually past unsuspecting drivers.

Two hours later, we found an old diner clinging to a cliff edge. "That looks daring. Want to risk it, honey?".

Sue looked reluctant, then agreed. I dressed quickly in the lot, but couldn't hide my semi soft cock when we entered. A young, hot and flirty waitress greeted us, "Scenic window seat I presume?"

Before I could flirt back, Sue jumped in, "Anywhere you are in your snug and tiny outfit is scenic, isn't it, Al?" With that permission, I slowly and obviously scanned the beauty from her sexy legs to her extremely low cut top and nodded with a smile.

"Thanks doll face." She winked at us as she sniffed the sex scent around us and stared at my tented shorts. "Some of that lovely scent is sun screen, I'm sure. It would be impolite to say what the rest smells like." She leaned in and risked her boobs spilling out, "I'm off in an hour and heading for our local nude beach. Maybe you want to join me?" Sue blushed at the turn about and I went for it.

"Yes, Sue. How about it? I dare you!" Sue pretended to look at Terry's badge as she studied her massive tits and worried about her small B-cups in comparison.

Terry's smile grew wider as Sue's nipples grew taller and pressed against her V-neck T shirt. Terry reached a finger in the V-neck and pulled it away. "Those hard nips tell me you like the idea." Sue didn't resist and let Terry have an eyeful as others noticed. "I'll draw you a map and bring you the day's special. You'll like it too. Police don't patrol that stretch unless there's a complaint, so no worries there." She grinned and wiggled away.

"Well, that was embarrassing," Sue finally said. "I'm not sure I can do a nude beach. I don't even have a bathing . . . oh, never mind."

"I think she's right. You were staring at her huge tits even more than I was. So, I dare you to accept." Terry arrived with iced tea, a salad, and a stick map. Before Sue answered, She inhaled deeply over Sue's shoulder.

As she obviously smelled Sue's arousal, she added, "I love your perfume. I'll have to sample some later." She grinned. "The beach is about two miles South of here, just past a huge red-white-blue mailbox. Use the next driveway and park at the head of the beach. I'll look for you there." She leaned in again and 'rested' one hand on my third leg as she pinched Sue's nipple with the other. Neither of us objected to her advances.

Forty minutes later, we parked in the small area Terry had described. Only two other cars were there and the beach area was small, maybe 30x80 feet. A naked family of three was at one end and a fit looking guy was dead center and naked. I grabbed our small cooler filled with defrosting water bottles and we moved onto the beach. Most of it was rocky so I went back for our blanket.

Once I'd plopped the cooler down, I took photos of Sue standing akimbo above me. The wind whipped her yellow T around so one tit was fully exposed. She didn't cover up as the wind wasn't 'her fault.' I stood and took off my shirt and offered to help her with hers. She took a second, then raised her arms. When I pulled the shirt over her head, she gulped and kept looking at the sea as if not looking at her pale tits hid them from others. -Click- I included the naked family in that shot.

She stood only in her bright pink shorts, still debating, as my pale blue shorts fought a losing battle to restrain my growing cock. After moving in front of her, I stepped out of my shorts and set my cock free. The guy was watching with interest. Sue's eyes widened. "Your turn, hon. Do you need help?" I pushed a finger into her waistband, but she held it there. Finally, as she wiggled out of her shorts, I took photos which included the guy watching her. She turned so her bare ass faced him as she bent to remove the shorts. With all of us naked, I took more photos of her still standing akimbo, but with the wind blowing her muff in waves.

The naked guy closed the twenty feet between us with a smile and his stiff cock and balls dancing. He came right up to us and shook my hand, stiff cocks a foot apart. "Hi, I'm Tim. This small, nude beach tends to make us more welcoming than is usual just 100 feet away." He moved to shake Sue's hand and stared at her stiff nipples dancing during his prolonged shaking. Meanwhile, she stared at his balls dancing since his cock was rubbing her thigh. I had time to take photos. He noticed.

He said, "We can do better than that for your memory photos." He turned his back to the sea and pulled Sue around before moving her hand to his cock and pinching her nipple in a wide grin pose. I caught the surprise in her face as she nevertheless, held and squeezed his uncut cock. "Open your legs wider and Al, get lower for the next shots." He combed Sue's bush back so her pussy was visible. In the next photos, he exposed her clit to the lens, spread her lips and pushed two fingers into her without objection. Within minutes of meeting him, this stranger was inside third base with my wife and I was not upset. "If you'll permit me. . . ." Without waiting for permission, he cupped Sue's ass and urged her toward our blanket as he licked her sweet juices off his fingers. -click-

She laid down with her feet on the ground and knees together. The sun glimmered off her pale tits and damp bush. "I'm going to pretend to eat her so you may want to shoot over my shoulder and include the parking area; then come to our side for that angle." I agreed those were good angles, but why was I letting him direct us and get close to my wife's bare, wet pussy? What happened to the 'shy' woman who didn't want to expose her tits in the car?

"You dare me, hon, to let him get so close to my pussy?" I nodded, knowing that's what she wanted. He spread her knees and she let them fall nearly flat to give him free access to her willing pussy. -click- He leaned in until his nose bumped her clit. I capture her lurch. He pushed his nose and two fingers inside her. "Ugh, honey, do you dare me to let him eat me until I cum on his face?" she gasped.

Before I could answer, he uncovered her clit and nosed it side-to-side; he finger fucked her and licked her fresh cum as deep as his tongue could go. My cock strained as I took more photos and I nearly came when he stroked her G-spot, as I do, and made her cum, with a happy grimace, on his face. He moved up to bite a hard nipple and ordered her to lick his face clean. As she did, he lined up his cock for fucking. I caught the contact, but before I could stop him, Sue grabbed his cock and moved it aside. He rolled off her. That's when I noticed that the family had moved closer and the parents were commenting to their 20ish daughter on our actions.

"All right, Al. Your turn." Was he giving me permission to fuck my wife while he watched and took photos? No, nothing that innocent. He passed her the phone came and carefully pulled my scrotum from between my legs. -click- After lifting my stiff cock with a warm squeeze, he 'presented' it to Sue and the lens. She seemed too giddy at a stranger holding my cock. He held it near his face for a pic then slid my prepuce back and kissed my bishop for another. Before I could stop him, he had my cock in his warm mouth then quickly down his hot, strong throat. There was no escaping that.

"That seems fair, hon. He tasted my cum now I want to see him taste yours. I dare you to cum in his mouth. Tim, you can make him cum by milking his prostate or by humming. Which would you prefer, hon?" I couldn't answer. No throat had ever felt as tight and strong. He began to hum and I began to cum. -click- He swallowed all but the last shot into his belly and swirled the rest in his mouth.

"MMM, you must have had the blue plate special for today at the Doll-Fin Diner. I eat there and in their lot often." No puzzle about what that meant. As I caught my breath, I wondered how many others Terry sent here. Sue came and licked my cock to catch the diner flavors. When she said she wasn't sure what she was tasting, Tim offered, "You need to taste it more directly and intensely." He turned her face from my cock to his and easily slid it into my wife's hungry mouth.

She didn't gag when he slid into her throat. "Squeeze me, baby. I have only cum twice today so I'm fully loaded again and would over fill your mouth if I gave you all of me." He groaned, grunted and filled her belly with his hot baby makers before shooting his last spurt into her mouth. "Don't swallow that last spurt yet. Swirl it, savor it, identify the foods." He offered me his cock to lick clean. I declined.

Sue had her eyes closed as she swirled his cum on her tongue. " I taste salmon with lemon and well cook garlic and . . . chorizo? That's odd."

"That's exactly right for the main dish. I have the Spanish chorizo. Very good taste buds. Wait till you taste my wife and see if you can tell what she last ate." Wait! Did he have plans for us we don't know about?

Sue got on her knees, surely not thinking of evening out her sun exposure on her back, and freely sucked his cock clean. -click- I put the cam down and got under Sue and drank her overflowing nectar as she rubbed her clit viciously. Wife, huh?

Terry arrived wearing her uniform and announced that she only did that so we would recognize her as she normally stripped in the car and walked onto the beach naked. We didn't hear her. -click- When I looked, I saw her lining up another shot of the three of us with the family in the background and closer than ever. She waved to them and stripped. God, she was beautiful. Her massive tits drooped just enough to shout they were real. Her nipples were tall and thick. When her tiny uniform came off, her muff formed an arrow pointing to her waxed labia. They were puffy and waiting to be loved. Her ass was just bubbly enough to make me drool when she bent over. "Well I see you met my husband and couldn't wait for me to get started. I can't blame you, Tim. Did I not tell you this hot couple seemed a bit submissive?"

She knelt and quickly swallowed my cock. The 20ish girl came and took the camera to shoot the four of us involved. She got under Terry and shot her bald labia from below then licked and kissed her pussy. More possibilities! She kept taking photos as we progressed and got louder.

Soon, Sue pushed a finger into Tim's ass and found his prostate. He exploded loudly into her mouth and on her face. His orgasm triggered hers and she wet my face with her delicious cum. Terry licked my Cowper's then squeezed my balls and cock to block my cumming. I groaned, but she rotated until her massive tits were in my face. "I need to cum too and know you can help me." I sucked and bit her nipple as I deeply fingered her wet hole and exposed her dense clit.

She moved to swallow my cock and put her fragrant pussy in my face. I faintly heard Tim say to guess what she ate and didn't care since the result was so tasty. After minutes of blissful 69, I felt a finger roll past my sphincter and find my prostate. I filled Terry's belly with my cum then filled her mouth as she came on my face. The finger stayed in my ass and fired my dark hole's nerves. That felt comforting, exciting and just short of climactic. When I opened my eyes, I saw it was Tim's finger in me. Sue took photos as I tried to pull away then surrendered — I reminded myself, a finger or mouth has no gender. He found my prostate again and, impossibly, I came again. As I made a cum fountain, Tim swallowed my cock and drank it all.

With the four of us on our backs, the 20-year-old took close up intimate pix. We all slept a few minutes until the hot sun woke us. The family was gone, replaced by six college age guys taking their own photos of us. Tim and Terry invited us over to their place for dinner and more fun. Sue slightly shook her head, no. We took their number and email.

When we packed up and walked to the cars naked, Terry said, "I rarely invite strangers to come play with us on the beach and never have invited anyone to my home. When I saw you at the diner, and smelled your sex play, I had a deep, warm feeling about you and took a chance. I'm so glad and I hope you stay in touch. You're only two hours away on a good day. We drive home naked, but if do, put on sun screen. I'd hate to see these nipples burned." She pinched and held one of mine and one of Sue's. We hugged and left for home — naked. Since bared tits were now legal, we had no worries about that. Sue was ready to let the wind and sun hug them and let anyone watch. Yet we had to keep our shorts near and ready to don if any cops stopped us.

Only a few truckers got a good look at my cock and Sue's bush (besides her exposed tits). When we pulled into our driveway, a few neighbors were out and got a good look at Sue's tits — a first. We chose to put on the shorts at the last minute.

"Hey Sue, you lose your shirt?" came from one of our older neighbors.

She shouted back as she waved her shirt, "Nope. I have it right here. You're going to see the girls out from now on. Get used to it."
 