Sadie Hawkins Day at Brookside Village
by Persephone

Kari Osworth had always loved her Daddy, even before she really knew what that meant.

When she was seven, she'd beg him to tuck her in at night, just to smell his cologne before she went to sleep. Sometimes she'd be naked under the covers and 'accidentally' let the blanket slip down over her body.

When Kari was twelve, she undressed and stepped into the shower with her father, watching while he washed his body and stroked his hand over his soapy cock.

When she was thirteen, she stripped naked in front of her daddy on Christmas morning and proclaimed that his cock was the only Christmas present she wanted. While the rest of the family was in the next room watching a football game, her daddy fucked her for the first time, on the dinner table between the turkey and the scalloped potatoes.

When Kari was fifteen, she told the family that she was never wearing clothes indoors again, so Daddy could fuck her whenever he wanted. Her mother always approved of Kari's desire for her father. She believed in a loving family unit and knew that her daughter was just indulging her natural adolescent desires, without any thought of jealousy or betrayal.

Two days before Kari's sixteenth birthday, Clive Osworth informed his family that his job was relocating him to Brookside Village. Kari pouted and fumed until she learned that, (A) Brookside had a policy of mandatory social nudity for all teenage girls, and (B), Daddy-Daughter incest was not only accepted, it was actively encouraged! When the family got settled in and met some of their neighbors, Kari knew she had finally found a home. As soon as she could, Kari threw all her clothes away forever. She explained that from now on she was going to live totally nude, 24/7, and that her body belonged to daddy. Clive Osworth had never been more proud of her or loved his daughter more.

It was three months later that Clive was returning home after a four day business trip. His carpool let him out at the neighborhood Starbucks, and it wasn't long before he heard Kari's excited squeal,
"Hey, there's Daddy!"

Kari Osworth dashed away from her mother's side to greet her father in front of Starbucks. The sixteen year old beauty was completely naked, as required of all teenage girls at Brookside Village. She ran to meet her father and flung herself into his arms. Clive Osworth caught his daughter in both arms, letting her wrap her arms and legs around his muscular body.

Kari pressed her soft little breasts against him, her heart racing. She loved the feel of her Daddy's hands under her butt, his fingers caressing her pussy from behind while they kissed deeply.

Laurie Osworth caught up with her husband and daughter a few seconds later, but paused to smile at their intimacy. She knew how much they loved each other - and how much she loved them both.

"Did you miss me, Daddy?" Kari asked breathlessly.

"Every day, sweetheart. The four days felt like forever."

"I missed you too, Daddy. I dreamed of you fucking me every night."

"I had the same dream, babydoll," her father said, looking deep into her green eyes and pressing his hard cock against her pussy.

Kari kissed her father's neck, breathing in the intoxicating aroma of his cologne. She loved his manly, daddy smell. It made her feel safe, and brought back memories of merry go rounds, horsy rides, and sucking her daddy's cock. Her heart was pounding and her pussy was soaked.

"Do you want to fuck me, Daddy?"

"All the time, kitten."

"I mean, do you want to fuck me right now? Right here in front of everybody?"

"Babydoll, I..."

"Fuck me, Daddy. Fuck me right now on the street where everybody can watch! Fuck me, please! I need you, Daddy. It's been four whole days!"

Clive Osworth felt his teenage daughter's hand tugging at his belt, felt her delicate fingers on his zipper. He felt his cock responding to her touch, to the urgent look in her eyes. It seemed like only a few months since she was a darling little seven year old tart dashing naked through the house, pretending she was Lady "Godever."

Clive Osworth held his daughter close, his fingertips caressing the curve of her young breasts.  He closed his eyes as he felt her dextrous fingers unzip him and begin to caress his throbbing cock. He knew he needed her as much as she needed him. Oblivious to the gathering crowd and to his wife's intent gaze, his inhibitions melted away. His cock lurched to attention at the thought of fucking his model-gorgeous, completely naked daughter in front of a crowd of fascinated strangers.

He kissed her mouth and her neck, then let his lips begin to explore her body, tasting her nipples and the warm curve of her belly. Kari Osworth moaned happily and started to help her daddy out of his clothes, letting his dress trousers fall to the ground.

"Daddy... oh daddy, I love you so much," she whispered. She reached down and stroked his cock, letting his precum smear her palm. "Look at all the people watching you fuck your daughter, right out here in public." She spread her legs wide and threw her head back, and Clive Osworth slid his hard, hungry cock into his daughter's eager pussy. She matched his thrusts and rode with him as he stood holding her off the ground. People paused on the street to watch a man in his early forties fucking a naked teenage beauty with passion and urgency. Even those who didn't know them assumed that it was father fucking his daughter. Many paused to snap pictures or take videos.

Clive grunted as he fucked Kari, his body loving the feel of his daughter's tight, slippery cunt. A moment later he knew he was close to cumming, and managed to utter a brief, urgent question.

"Mouth or pussy, baby?"

".....oh....god! Daddy... cum....in my mouth... with all these… people....watching! ohh... Daddy!…Daddeeee!"

Clive lowered his daughter gently to her knees, stood up and stroked his cock frantically, rock hard and urgent, as Kari leaned up to lick her sparkling pussy juices from his shaft, sucking his cock like the expert little slut she was. He embraced the back of her head while his daughter gazed up into his eyes with love and adoration. 

"Ohhhhh god, baby......ohhhhhhhh DAMN!!!" Clive moaned loudly as his cock spasmed, spraying her beautiful young face with spurt after spurt of thick, pearly cum. Kari lapped at his cock like a kitten lapping creme and grinned as it oozed from her lips to drip down her chin and plop delightfully onto her right nipple. People watching laughed and applauded as the totally naked teenage beauty now received a face full of her loving Daddy's rich cum. Camera shutters clicked away as his spurts became a dribble.

"Ohhh baby, you need to wipe off your face," her daddy observed.

"No way! I'm keeping this. I wanna wear it home. Let everybody see I sucked my Daddy's cock."

"I love you baby." Keri's mother beamed with pride.
—

The next day, Clive and Kari were snuggled together on the living room couch watching television. It was an incest porn movie her father had selected to further her education. Clive was dipping kernels of popcorn into his naked teenage daughter's pussy before putting them in their mouth, first hers and then his.

"Hey, guess what you guys?" Laurie called from the kitchen, "Sarah Wright is going to stay with us for three days in mid November."

"Sarah Wright?" Kari asked, looking over the back of the couch.

"Your cousin, silly. Aunt Donna, remember? Her daughter. Sarah's about your age."

"Oh cool! Maybe we can have a three way, daddy."

"We'll see, baby. Isn't Sarah's birthday coming up, Laurie?"

"Yeah, it'll be while she's here. November 15th. She'll be 16."

"Oh! We should do something special!"

"November 15? Hey, that's Sadie Hawkins day. And Brookside has its own special way to celebrate Sadie Hawkins day."

"Who's Sadie Hawkins, daddy?" Kari had set the popcorn bowl aside and was pressing her Daddy's hand against her smooth pussy mound.

"Back in the day there was a comic strip in the paper called Lil' Abner, about hillbillys in a hick town called Dogpatch. They had an annual event called Sadie Hawkins Day, where girls could chase after guys and ask for dates and such. Well, the Brookside version of Sadie Hawkins Day is that any girl can demand any kind of sex from any guy, and he has to do it to her."

"Well, that's true anyway, isn't it? Here, I mean?"

"Well sorta, yeah, with the teenage nudity rules and all, but this makes it official."

"I love it! Daddy, don't make any plans on November - what? 15?" Kari grinned and rubbed her hand over her father's rigid cock.

"Oh baby, I'm gonna be out of town that day on a two day trip. You and Sarah will have to find boys your own age to fuck."

"Daddy, noo! I want you to fuck us!"

"Kari, you know eventually you'll want to get married and raise a family. You really should start looking for guys your age. I'm only going to get older, baby."

"Hmp. Okay, I guess. We'll find a way to make Sarah's birthday special. Then when you get back we'll have a real birthday party, with cake and ice cream and presents and balloons and cock sucking!"

"I promise."

"Cool! I love you, daddy."
—

Aunt Donna dropped her daughter off at the house while Kari was at school, chatted briefly with Laurie and drove away, somehow without catching sight of any naked teenage girls. Laurie picked up Sarah's luggage and accompanied her into the house.

"So your Mom has a three day trip?"

"Yeah. I'm homeschooled, momma and daddy like to keep it in the family, so they let me stay with my Aunt Laurie for three days. Where's Kari? I haven't seen her since we were, like six?"

"She's at school. She'll be home in a couple of hours. Sadly, Uncle Clive is going away on business today, so you'll only see him before he leaves and again Monday. He'll miss your birthday tomorrow, but Kari made us promise to give you a party as soon as he gets back."

"Awww, you guys are awesome! Hey, is this Kari?" Sarah asked, studying photographs stuck to the fridge door. "How come she's, like, naked in every picture?"

"Brookside Village HOA rules. Every girl age 13 to 19 who comes here must obey the public nudity rules."

"Wait, you mean I gotta...." Sarah looked up at her aunt and fidgeted nervously.

"Are you okay with that?" Laurie asked.

"Well, I dunno....Mom didn't mention this, I..... is Kari cool with it?"

"Oh Kari loves being nude. Keeping any clothes on that girl is next to impossible. Let's get you settled in, then we'll talk some more. You're in Kari's room, I'm sure you won't have too much of a corrupting influence on her. You can hang your clothes in her closet here. There's only one bed, but you can share - it's only for two nights."

"Wow, it's almost empty! She's a teenager who's not into fashion? That's so weird."

"Well, hair, makeup, body jewelry, sure. Just not any clothes."

"What does Mr Osworth think of it? Of her...naked? All the time?"

"Clive and Kari have a .... very loving relationship," Laurie said with a smile. "You'll see."

Two hours later, Kari burst through the front door, completely naked and excited. She tossed her book bag onto the kitchen table and ran to her mom, one hand waving a piece of paper.

"I aced that science quiz! Go, Me! Kari rules, uh huh, uh huh, Go Me!" The enthusiastic blonde teenager danced in a circle and reached for a glass with one hand, the fridge door with the other. "Hey Mom, we got any of that jasmine punch left? That stuff is boss. Hey when does Sarah get here? I wanna show her -- oh, hi!" Kari paused in mid sentence and spread her arms wide to embrace her cousin, who was watching a little nervously from the dining room doorway.

"Wow, she wasn't kidding," Sarah said, "you are really are totally, um..."

"Oh, yeah. Naked. It's the law here, and it is SO cool! You hafta try it. Hey! When we go to school tomorrow, we can both be naked. All the girls in school are nude; it'll be weird if you're dressed and I'm not. C'mon, lemme show you my room! The excited, bubbly teenager went bouncing up the stairs."

Sarah glanced at Laurie and made a 'spinning top' motion with her hands, and grinned when Laurie nodded and rolled her eyes. Sarah followed Kari into her room, trying to keep up.

"You really don't own any clothes?" Sarah asked. She noticed that the bedroom door had been removed, leaving Kari no form of privacy outside the bathroom.

"Well, some, yeah, for if we go out of town. But we never go anywhere! Daddy goes on his business trips all the time but I always get to stay here. So, yeah, I live nude. And I love it!"

"What are you gonna do when it gets colder? Its already November."

"Freeze? Naah, I haven't decided yet. Probably wear like a big overcoat to go outside, but be nude under it? As soon as I get indoors, whoop, there I am! But for real, Brookside must have special rules for cold weather, I just haven't learned what it is yet."

"This is all so weird to me," Sarah commented, shaking her head. "Mom said your family had, you know, relaxed standards, but I sure didn't expect a nude family."

"Not a nude family, just a nude daughter. It's the rule I hafta be nude outside, but its my choice to be nude everywhere."

"What? What kind of a rule is that, anyway? Who makes a rule that teenage girls have to be nude. That's like, way pervy. I can't imagine who thought that rule up."

"Oh, probably the same people who invented the Naked In School program and the Girl Sluts. You know, grownups who understand what teenage girls really want and what she's capable of doing with a little encouragement."

"I....yeah. OK, let's go with that."

"Hey Sarah, you know what? You've been dressed in that potato sack of a sweater since you got here. I wanna see you naked. I mean…" her comment was cut short by Laurie's voice from the kitchen.

"Girls! Dinner's ready."

Kari and Sarah went downstairs into the kitchen to find grilled chicken and lima beans. 

"Aww Mom, lima beans? Yuck. Gimme pickled beets."

"I dunno, personally I like lima beans," Sarah said. "Tell you what, if I gotta try being nude tomorrow, you can try some lima beans today. Deal?"

"OK, I guess," Kari said with mock reluctance, as Laurie beamed.

The front door opened and Clive walked in, his arms full of display boxes for his trip.

"Daddy!" Kari jumped up, her concern about lima beans forgotten, and hugged her father. Laurie kissed him while Keri rubbed his cock through his pants. "I get a treat before you leave, right Daddy?"

"We'll see, sugar. But I wanna say hi to Sarah, I haven't seen you since you were just a little squirt!" He gave the shocked Sarah a gentle hug, which she accepted a little nervously.

"So are you ready for tomorrow, Sarah? Have you been naked in front of strangers before?" Clive asked.

"Well, no.... just my mom a couple of times. I had a boyfriend and we did some stuff, but we broke up...."

"So it sounds like you need some practice, young lady" Laurie said, and Kari smiled at her mother.

"Yeah! We can't let you be freaking out in public tomorrow morning," she enthused, "You need to practice being nude here, with us. Just family."

"Well I..."

"Lima beans," Kari said with a mischievous grin.

Sarah relented, smiled, and started toward the bedroom until Clive called after her.

"Uh-uh, kiddo. You need to strip right here with us. You're very pretty, and I want to enjoy helping you out." He relaxed his posture, unbuckled his belt and dropped his pants around his ankles. Kari squealed with delight and reached to pull her Daddy's cock out of his boxers, her face glowing with anticipation.

"Now, nice and slow, Sarah," Laurie said, "Show confidence. Never let them see you're scared."

"Ohh, this is so weird," Sarah said, her voice quavering. She stood looking at her hosts for a moment before she reluctantly tugged her sweater out of her waistband and slowly pulled it up, revealing a large, lacy white bra.

"Oh damn," Kari said, stroking her father's growing cock, "those are huge! I didn't know you had real boobs! Why are you hiding them?"

"I.... well, my dad doesn't want me drawing attention to myself...."

"Your dad's an idiot," Clive said as his cock started dribbling precum, "You look amazing."

Sarah smiled at the compliment, and with a little more confidence she slipped off her shoes and socks, then blushed and crossed her arms over her large breasts.

"What now?" she asked.

"Take off your skirt, definitely," Kari said as she licked the precum from her Daddy's cock and smiled at her mother. Sarah couldn't believe her eyes, but began to feel a warm glow just underneath her tummy. 

"Mom, you too."

"Huh?"

"Let's have a naked night. Everyone. You too."

Laurie blushed, but smiled, got up and stood next to Sarah, and very sensuously peeled out of her shirt and jeans. Then she knelt down in front of Sarah wearing only black lace matching bra and panties.

"Let me help you, honey," she said as she slipped the teenager's skirt down her thighs. As Sarah's granny-size panties came into view she slipped them down along with the skirt and glanced up at the girl, who gave her a little nod. Laurie tickled Sarah's pussy hair with her tongue, sliding it to the entrance of teenage girl's warm cleft. Sarah let out a tiny sigh as her reluctance dissolved and she reached behind her for the clasp of her bra, unhooking it and letting it fall to the floor. Her large boobs sagged slightly, but her spirits soared as Kari and Clive applauded and cheered. Laurie rose and hugged her briefly, then removed the rest of her own clothes.

"Sarah, I bet there's something else you never done," Kari said.

"Oh?"

"You've never sucked my daddy's cock! Trust me, daddy's cum is sooooo delicious." She gave her father's erect cock a couple of firm strokes, then pointed it straight at her cousin's mouth. "Just lick the tip and see what you think of the taste. I love sucking my daddy's cock!"

Sarah, her face blushing bright red but surrounded by childhood authority figures and unable to asset her crumbling resistance, sank to her knees before her demanding uncle, letting Kari rub Clive's cock over her lips. Confused emotions ran though her dazed mind before lust took over and she opened her mouth to suck in his huge, demanding cock. 

"Ohhhh damn. I think I like this!" she said as Kari joined her in her cock sucking. She let out a little yelp as Laurie smacked her bottom and proceeded to tease her niece's little pussy from behind. Kari and Sarah took turns sucking Clive's cock and were quickly rewarded with a generous splash of cum across both their eager faces. Kari licked off Sarah's glowing face and shared her daddy's spunk with her kissing cousin while Laurie fingered Sarah to a screaming, mind-blowing orgasm.

"Oh! I think she'll do great at Sarah Hawkins Day," Kari said with a slutty smile.

"Sadie Hawkins," her father corrected her.

"Sadie Hawkins, yeah."

"Who's Sadie Hawkins?" Sarah asked.

"It's from an old comic book, Lilly Abner" Kari somewhat inaccurately explained. "There's this little town called Dogpatch, where once a year the women call the shots. They get to tell the guys what to do an stuff. But in our version here at Brookside, with the teenage nudity rules and all, Sadie Hawkins Day means the girls tell the guys what to do to them and they hafta do it. I think you'll be a fuckin rock star when they see those boobs. To be honest , I want to cum on them, and I'm a girl!"

"Now," Clive said as he continued to finger his daughter's dripping pussy, "I only have a few minutes before I have to go to the airport. Dinner's getting cold! Don't wash your faces, girls, you look gorgeous covered in cum like that. Eat it up!"

Kari and Sarah spent the remainder of the evening watching the Osworth's best home made porn, jilling off to help Sarah prepare for things she'd never seen or even heard about, until they finally joined Laurie in bed and the three beautiful, nude women fell asleep together.

The following morning Laurie drove the two beautiful, freshly scrubbed and fully naked teenage girls to school, where they were greeted with friendly cheers and applause as they emerged from her car. Sarah was relieved to see that the other girls were naked as well, and she tried not to feel self conscious as she walked naked into a whole school full of absolute strangers. Kari had a reputation as a girl who never says no, and now she had a new friend, a gorgeous naked brunette girl with magnificent breasts and a shy, demure attitude. They hadn't gotten twelve feet inside the door before a grinning black boy in a football jersey approached them, rubbing the front of his pants.

"Oh jeez Kari, he's staring at me," Sarah whispered, trying to be invisible.

"Of course he is, you're naked and you're crazy hot. He wants to fuck you, just like any boy. Duh!"

"But....but...."

"But," Kari said with casual confidence, "this is Sadie Hawkins Day. He doesn't get to tell you what to do today, you get to tell him." She pointed to a school poster promoting Sadie Hawkins Day. It showed a beautiful, buxom blonde in Daisy Duke shorts and a polka dot bikini top, chasing a boy in torn denim overalls. In the next frame she had his erect cock in one hand and a handcuff key in the other. He was smiling.

"Wow......" Sarah mumbled, "can I ask him to go away?"

"Nope, not in the rules. Follow my lead." Kari stood before him, legs spread and hands on her hips.

"Dexter! You want to fuck my friend here? You want to cum on her amazing boobs?"

"Well, yeah," Dexter replied, a little unsure of the situation.

"Sadie Hawkins Day, bro. Today, the girls call the shots. You're gonna lay down on your back and let her straddle your face, and you're going to lick her pussy till she cums."

"Wait, you want me to eat that sweet pussy?" Dexter asked, looking at Sarah. He was obviously rock hard, and Sarah was still trying to turn invisible.

"Girls rules, man. Get down there and stick out your tongue!" Dexter lay back with a stunned expression as Kari guided her friend to straddle his face, settling her newly shaved pussy over his long, pink tongue. He knew what he was doing, and in moments Sarah was grinding herself into his face, teasing her clit with her own hand while she pinched a nipple with the other, her face a portrait of unbridled desire.

"Ohhhh my god! Oh! Eat me! ….oh god Kari, I'm cummmmmmming……..OoohHHH GOD!!!!!" Sarah shrieked aloud as she came violently, smearing Dexter's face. She fell forward, gasping, as the crowd of teenagers looked on in respectful silence.

"Now see what you did, Dex," Kari said sweetly, "you got her all horny. Look how wet she is. Sarah, you look like you need fucking?"

"Ohhh.....uhhh.......god.....uh huh, please......."

"Dexter, be a good boy and fuck this pretty little girl like there's no tomorrow."

"Damn, I'm liking this Sadie Hawkins shit," Dexter said to one of his friends in the crowd. Sarah stood up and bent over to present her firm round ass to him, still gasping for breath. Someone provided a chair and she leaned against it, her body coated in sweat.

"Ohhhh god.....fuck me.......fuck me!" she mumbled distractedly. Dexter quickly dropped his pants, letting his prodigious, dark brown cock tumble into view. He spat on his palm and rubbed the shaft, then teased Sarah's pussy with his glistening cock head. She pressed back against him as he pounded into her tight little pussy, fucking her wildly.

The crowd grew, eagerly watching Dexter fuck this gorgeous, big breasted young stranger, but didn't bother to take pictures, secure in the knowledge that the events would be captured on the school surveillance cameras for later viewing. They cheered him on until he exploded in a bountiful orgasm that gushed out of Sarah's pussy and covered her ass with thick, gooey cum.

Dexter slowly regained his composure, politely thanked the two white girls and departed, walking a bit unsteadily.

"God, Kari, is it always like this with you?" Sarah asked, her voice hoarse from passion.

"Oh, pretty much. I live nude, I love cock, and sex is my life," she replied casually. "I gotta admit, though, Sadie Hawkins makes it more interesting. It's nice to be able to get exactly what we want!" She grinned at her cousin, picked up her books and headed for class. "But this is also school, you know? The lunch bell is my turn, and I already know what I'm gonna do."

"God, and I've been home schooled since I was ten. I want more of what you got!! Come on lunch!"

They sat through the first three classes, although Dexter made it a point to describe his morning activities during Algebra class. Then it was finally lunch time, and Kari led Sarah through the gymnasium and straight into the boy's showers. 

"Wait, what?" Sarah asked, a little amazed, "Showers? We can't go in there!"

"No buts, sex kitten. Well actually, yeah, lots of guy's hot asses and tight butts. Plus maybe three, four, or five cocks at once, and you get to tell 'em exactly what to do."

"Me?"

"Yes, you. It's still Sadie Hawkins, babydoll. We're in charge. Girls rule, boys drool. Follow me."

There was a gym class just finishing, so eight guys were already in the shower. The steam obscured them from view until two hot, naked teenage girls strolled in to share the shower with eight hardening cocks.

"Hey Bryce!" one of the guys called out, "Kari and Dexter's fuck toy is here!"

Bryce and two other boys responded with a cry of delight, and Sarah suddenly found herself surrounded.

"Wait, guys, easy" she said nervously, unsure of being called a fuck toy.

"Sadie Hawkins!" Kari called out, "You own these guys, Sarah!"

"Huh? Oh, right," suddenly Sarah had one hard cock in each hand and was getting ready to kneel down to receive a third in her mouth, when a naughty thought occurred to her.

"So, Kari here, have you fucked her recently?" she asked one of the boys.

"Man, that babe is hot as hell, but she don't never put out. She's all nude in here, everybody wants a piece but she ain't givin' it up. She's just savin' it all for Daddy, know what I mean?"

"Huh. Okay, Sadie Hawkins Day. New rule. You do what I say. I'm telling you to put her on the floor and eat her pussy till she can't stand up."

"Sarah?" Kari said, "What are you..."

"Lima beans, Kari. And it's time you learn to share!"

Kari started to back away, but Kari caught her by one hand as one of the boys grabbed the other, and together they lowered Kari's oozing pussy onto Bryce's eager mouth. She moaned helplessly as he began probing her pussy with his tongue, teasing her hard little clit. Bryce's cock was rock hard, and Kari slowly leaned forward down his body, opened her mouth and took him in a beautiful 69. She sucked hungrily on his cock as the shower water splashed over her back.

"Now look at that fine ass on Kari," Sarah said to another boy, relishing her dominant role. "I think an ass like that deserves a big cock like yours. Am I right?"

The boy nodded enthusiastically and teased Kari's puckered ass with a finger until she was purring like a kitten, around Bryce's cock in her mouth. She paused to look back over at the boy, and wiggled her ass for him.

"Do it, baby," she urged, "ohhhhh god fuck me!"

Sarah knelt down in front of her and smiled as Kari met gaze.

"This whole Sadie Hawkins sex nympho thing? I could really get used to this! I'm tellin' my mom I'm staying for a week. Cool?"

Kari would have answered, if the cock that suddenly entered her from behind made her forget how to talk as she enjoyed the first of many Sadie Hawkins orgasms.

