First Time Val was Naked with Another Man
byapplevalyan

Hello there, this is Valerie once again. 

The other day I was relaxing nude, outside in my hammock in the backyard while soaking up a few rays of warm spring sunshine when from somewhere back in my mind I suddenly remembered something that happened to me way back in 1973. It was the first time I got naked in front of a man besides my husband but he was there to see it too. It happened in the spring of 1973. We got married when I was 18 and he was 20 years old. My husband, Darrin, and I had been married for about a little over a year at the time it happened. First, let me go back a couple weeks before the event happened to set it up first. 

Darrin was in the Air Force at the time and we had gotten a phone call about 2AM one morning and he was told to report to his plane A.S.A.P. He was the Crew-chief of a KC-135 cargo plane and all they could or would tell him was that it was taking off in about 2 hours for a flight and to bring all his flight and travel gear. Well, I took him to the flight-line gate and the flight crew was just getting there. We knew the pilot because he went to our church. Darrin kissed and hugged me while squeezing my ass and then got on their bus to the plane. I didn't see or hear from him again for a week and a half. Oh, the life of a military wife! 

When he returned, he told me that he and Greg, his asst. crew-chief, made quick stops at 6 different air-bases in the U.S. plus made a quick stop in Hawaii and finally stopped on the island of Guam all in just 30 hours. Their passengers unloaded and then boarded a chartered commercial airline there. They had picked up 38 officers ranking from Captain to full bird Colonel, all having to do something with the Vietnam peace talks in 1973. He and Greg stayed and waited at Anderson Air Force Base on the island of Guam for 5 days for them to return. 

He and Greg discovered Tarrague Beach the next day; he said it looked like one of those picture postcards you see of tropical beaches. He said the first day there, Greg got talking to this girl in the smallest bikini he had ever seen. My husband said he finally got the courage to ask the girl where the heck she got a bikini like the one she was wearing because he had never seen one like it before and he was from Daytona Beach, Florida. He also told the girl he wanted to get one for me. The girl told him where she got it and he told her he had no idea where that was because the two for them had only arrived yesterday. She told them she would be willing to give them a ride there when she was ready to leave because she would go right by it on her way back to the base. Oh, the bikini she was wearing, according to my husband, was black and very small with two strings that tied at the hip on both sides. 

She took them there and Darrin found a black one just like hers and got it and on the way out, he spotted a light blue lace crop top he just had to get for me. He discovered he was 5 dollars short to get both items but Greg offered to loan him 5 dollars with a catch. Darrin asked what it was. He said Greg chuckled and said he wanted to see me in the bikini. Darrin told him he had no problem with that and that it was a deal. Darrin had already discovered he enjoyed me dressing sexy in public for him. He loved it when I went braless in thin tight t-shirts in public and I had also discovered I liked dressing like that for him. I hadn't exactly told him that yet but it got me excited when a man noticed my nipples showing through my tops which got me excited and my nipples harder and even more noticeable. Darrin had noticed my nipples getting hard often but I lied when I told him it was no big deal. I said I was just being fashionably braless like almost every girl out there in the early 70's. 

The truth was I was beginning to enjoy showing off more and more every day, I looked forward to going braless in public. I had gone braless most of my life before I meeting Darrin. I didn't like wearing bras so I usually wore loose t-shirts and blouses when I was braless. In the early 70's most girls went braless since it was the 'in thing' to do then. I even went to school braless often like a lot of the girls did, the school didn't frown on the girls going braless as long as the tops weren't see-thru. But I never went braless under tight, thin tops until Darrin talked me into it and I'm glad he did. I was also into wearing very short skirts and dresses and Darrin like that too. I often went to school in a short dress wearing only panties under it. He bought me my first halter--top while we were dating and I enjoyed wearing it for him. He also bought me my first sheer blouse to wear for him on our honeymoon and I did wear it for him. I loved the look of lust in his eyes when he first seen me in it. That gave me the courage to wear in in public braless and that made me very horny letting anyone and everyone see my tits in public. Ok, back to my story. *** 

Darrin called the house late one evening just after I had taken a shower and told me he was back and to please come and pick him up. I was wearing only one of his tank-tops and decided to surprise him by wearing only it to pick him up. The tank-top style undershirt was as long as some of my minidresses I wore back then but the arm-holes were big on me and a lot of side-boob was visible. I had worn this top over some shorts in public before with him, but on this trip to pick him up, I was excited at being completely naked under it. I had never thought about driving the car almost naked before and it was sexually exciting. As I drove to pick him up, I don't remember why, but I do remember lifting the shirt to my waist; my entire hip and crotch were uncovered and my naked ass was on a towel we kept in the car to cover the plastic car seat. I also remember touching my pussy for the very first time as I drove and found it enjoyable and decided to do it again someday when I wasn't in a hurry. 

When I got to where Darrin was waiting for me, there was Greg was standing next to him. I quickly pulled my shirt down, covering myself as much as possible while behind the wheel. Darrin opened the driver's door and pulled me from the car and gave me a big hug and kiss, grabbing my ass with both his hands as he often did, I secretly I loved him grabbing my ass in public. He glanced down at what I was wearing and smiled at me and whispered, "I like it, naughty girl!" Darrin then said Greg's girlfriend was at work and he needed a lift home. They tossed their stuff in the back seat and Darrin told me to get in the middle. At that time we had a 73' Plymouth Duster, single bench seats, front and back. I was nervous as hell but also excited at the same time at being nearly naked between two men. Both had to know I was braless since my tits were almost hanging out the armholes, and my husband knew I was pantiless and I noticed Greg kept glancing at my legs that were bare almost to my crotch. 

Every once in a while, Darrin would put his right hand on my left leg as he drove and slide it up my thigh all the way to the shirt. I know that if Greg had not had been there, his hand would have been playing with my pussy and I would have spread them wide to give him more room to get to it. I was wondering if he was going to touch me with Greg right there. The thing is, I don't know if I would have stopped him or not, if he had tried. But deep inside I really wanted him to go for it, I was that horny. As soon as Greg walked away from the car, his hand went there and found a very wet pussy. He fingered me to a quick orgasm, right there in the street, in front of Greg's house at midnight. I looked towards Greg's house just before I came; he was standing in his open doorway looking towards our car. I don't know if he knew what we were doing, but at that time I didn't care! I do remember sitting against the passenger door exposing myself to Darrin as he drove us home. My shirt was around my waist and my legs were spread and I was playing with my pussy as Darrin watched me. 

Of course we had sex as soon as we got home and then again sometime during the night. I woke him the next morning by sucking on his dick. Later when he unpacked, he gave me that tiny black string bikini and blue lace top. I loved them both. I quickly put on the bikini and love the way it looked on me, but before I wore it in public, I needed to do some serious landscaping below, I had almost as much hair showing as I had inside the bottoms. Darrin talked me into removing it all, I did and he liked it. I found I liked it better too, when he decided to eat my pussy. I have remained bare down there ever since that day. 

I tried on the top, it was pretty, light, and cool on me. I could also see my nipple right through it. I was hesitant about wearing it braless around other people but promised Darrin I would do it for him someday. He came up behind me and gave me a squeeze from behind saying he wanted to try something with my top. He easily slipped his hands underneath and grabbed my tits. Saying, "Hey, I like that! Easy access." He then flipped it up and said, "I could easily flash your tits in this top too." 

I slapped his hands down and said, "You better not try it buddy." 

He then told me his deal with Greg and said he hoped I wasn't mad at him for making the deal but that he just had to get that top and the bikini for me. I told him I'd do it for him and that it might be fun teasing Greg by showing him so much skin, although he did see a lot last night. 

Darrin chuckled and said, "Yea, he did, didn't he? You surprised me last night showing up almost naked like that but I liked it. I hope you'll surprise me like that again in the future a few times." 

I told him I promised I would. 

He then said, "I'm glad you didn't freak out last night when you discovered we wouldn't be alone especially since you were naked under my shirt, which by the way you looked superb in! And I noticed Greg seemed to like it too, he keep looking at your legs trying to see if he could see something else. Didn't you notice that?" 

I said, "Yea I noticed, it made me a bit nervous but not as nervous as you made me, sliding your hand up my legs to almost my pussy. For a while there, I thought you were going to try and touch it with him looking. And to tell you the truth, just before we got him home, I had decided to let you go there if you tried, I was that horny." 

"I wish I had known that," Darrin said while smiling, "I almost did but chickened out. I didn't want to make you mad at me. I wanted some pussy when I got home." 

After Darrin helped my shave off all my pubic hair and then ate my pussy, he called Greg and told him we would be on the way over soon to repay his loan. I put the new blue little lace crop top on over my bikini top and a short black jean skirt over the bottoms and off we went. I noticed before putting on the skirt just how low the bottoms rode. They had to be a good two to three inches lower than any of my previous bikini bottoms and over an inch of ass crack was showing. It felt weird riding low on my butt like that and it felt naughty with it like that too but I surprised myself because I liked it idea of showing off some of my ass-crack. 

I brought that to Darrin attention and he admitted he was hoping I wouldn't mind wearing it like that because he had noticed the girl on Guam was showing crack too and she didn't seem to mind. Plus he liked knowing I wouldn't mind showing a little ass-crack and it was getting him hard. 

Greg was sitting on his front porch drinking a beer and wearing what looked like only some old white gym shorts. I noticed he seemed to be checking me out as I walked up the sidewalk. I kind of liked the look he was giving me. I think he was trying to figure what I looked like in the bikini before I even took my top and skirt off. He invited us inside when we got on the porch. 

On the smallest bikini bottoms I had worn before these bottoms, the sides of the bottoms were about two inches wide and my butt was completely covered. In these bikini bottoms, the strings on the sides were only about a 录 inch thick and half my butt cheeks were exposed plus a little ass crack would be showing and the triangles on the bikini top were about half the size of my old bikinis. Funny thing was, I liked it being this small and was looking forward to letting someone besides my husband see me in it. So once inside I took charge more or less when I turned and faced Greg and said to him, "So you wanted Darrin to show you the bikini he bought me with me in it, for a measly 5 dollars. Is that right Greg?" 

He looked stunned and then stuttered, "Uh, I was just joking. You don't have to do it." 

I smiled and winked at him, "It's alright Greg, I'm messing with you, I don't mind showing it to you. But Darrin gets to keep the 5 dollars. OK? Greg exhaled, then smiled and shook his head. I then turned and stepped about ten feet away, turned to face him and very slowly pulled my top over my head. I looked over at Darrin and he had a smile from ear to ear. I then unsnapped and unzipped my jean skirt and let it drop to the floor. I stepped out of it as I slowly turned around to give them both a 360 degree look of my body. They both seemed to like it; I know I was enjoying their stares of my nearly nude body. I even caught Greg adjusting his crotch. It was then I noticed a nice size bulge in the front of the loose gym shorts he was wearing and apparently he was without underwear like I knew Darrin was today. I like it when Darrin goes without underwear and I've told him that many times and now he rarely wears them anymore. 

I then started feeling naughty so I turned my back to Greg and bent way over and picked up my jean skirt while giving him a good look at my butt barely covered by the small backside of the suit. I looked back at Greg while bent over and he was staring right at my ass. I checked his crotch again and there was definitely a bigger bulge there than before. I felt my pussy tingling just knowing I was causing it. I had never teased anyone but Darrin before this and I was finding this fun. I stood and walked over to Darrin and stood between him and Greg and rubbed his crotch. He was getting hard too. "You seem to be enjoying me showing off for you friend as much as I am doing it," I said. 

Darrin whispered, "I don't think I'm the only one you're getting hard watching you and it looks like you're enjoying too." He pointed at my breast and my nipples were definitely getting hard and showing under the thin black material. 

"I am." I said, "Will you mind if I continue teasing him a little more. I'm finding its fun teasing him." He kissed me and told me to have fun. 

I walked back to Greg and asked him, "Well, what do you think. Do I look OK in this little suit or is it too small?" 

Greg quickly said, '"You look great in it! It was made for you. I'll gladly let Darrin keep the 5 dollars." I stepped up to him and gave him a hug. I could feel his erection between us. It felt big. The only dick I had ever seen or felt before today was Darrin's, since I was a virgin when we married, but feeling Greg's hardness between us as I hugged him was now causing wonderful feeling between my legs, I now wanted to see what Greg had between his legs. I decide to step things up and fulfill Darrin's earlier wish. 

I grabbed the blue lace top and pulled it on like I was done and while facing Darrin, I then untied the strings from my top and took it off and gave it to Darrin. I then said softly to him, "You said earlier you wanted someone else to see me in it braless. Do you still want that?" He smiled and shook his head. 

I slowly turned and faced Greg and his eyes went directly to my tits. I swear I could feel the heat from his eyes burning holes through my top to my tits. I said to him, "Here's the top he bought. You know I don't mind going braless. Do you think this top is too thin to go braless in? I think it's cute and it feels so light and comfy to wear. I hoping I can get away wearing it braless in public. What's your opinion?" 

Greg of course said he loved it and that if I wanted to wear it braless, go ahead and wear it braless and fuck anyone who didn't like it. I walked around Greg's house another 15 minutes in that little top braless and those tiny bikini bottoms only and both guys were sporting hard-on by then. I was really getting into this teasing thing! Two fine men sporting and not hiding their hard-ons under their loose gym shorts. Yes, Darrin had on loose gym shorts too. I was already looking forward to getting him out of them getting my hands on that dick! 

Then Darrin had slipped up behind me and said to Greg. "Hey you know what else I like about this top Greg? It's easy to do this." Darrin reached around me and under my top, cupping my tits just five feet away from Greg. I was surprised and shocked that he would do such a thing in front of someone but the thing that really surprised me the most was that I did nothing but stand there and enjoy his warm hands holding them. As soon as Darrin's hands cupped my tits, I felt an electric like bolt hit my pussy. Darrin had never felt me up in front of anybody before and I was enjoying it. I didn't want the feeling to stop. 

Then Darrin said he could do this too. He flipped up the top flashing my bare tits to Greg for a second. What a rush! When Darrin threaten to do it at home, I basically told him he couldn't do it. I never knew I would like it when he did. I said and did nothing but look at Greg. His mouth opened and his eyes got big. I looked back at Darrin and said loud enough for Greg to hear, "Having fun exposing you wife's tits to your friend? I told you that you have better not dare do that but guess what? Since you did it, I dare you to do it again. He did it and a couple seconds longer. I loved it. 

I then said to Greg, "Well I wasn't expecting Darrin to do that but since he did, what do you think of my tits?" He of course said he liked them. I then turned my head looking over my shoulder to look at Darrin and said, "OK dickhead, do you have the guts to take it off, I dare you." He slowly lifted his hands up, as if unsure if I would get mad at him if he did, but kept going taking my top with them. I lifted my arms up as the top was removed. I was now topless in front of another man and enjoying the hell out of it. I turned to face Darrin; by the look in his eyes, I could tell he was expecting the worst. What he got was a big kiss and hug from me and then I whispered in his ear, "I can't tell you just how horny I am right now." 

I turned again and said to Greg, "Well what do you think? I wasn't expecting this to happen but here they are. And now that you've seen them, I think it's fair that I get to see something too. Darrin doesn't know about this but now that you can see my tits, I kinda want to see your dick. I've felt it against me a couple times when I hugged you and it felt nice and big and now that you've seen my tits, I want to see it, that is if you've got the guts to show it to me. I've never seen anybody's dick but Darrin's and now I want to see another one. You and Darrin both are obviously sporting huge erections under those shorts and I want to see them both, now!" 

Greg looked at Darrin and Darrin looked at Greg. Darrin told Greg he was fine with it and if he was OK with it to go ahead and show me. Greg looked at me again and then dropped his shorts and Darrin was right behind him. There they were! I was now looking at two marvelous hard cocks. The only two cocks I had ever seen in my life. Next thing I felt was Darrin's hands on my hips and my strings being pulled. POW! I was now naked with two men and not caring. I remember putting my arms out straight to the sides and slowly twirling around give both guys a good look at me. I then gave both guys a hugs but then I deeply kissed Darrin and wrapped one of my hands around his dick. I told Darrin that this was as far as I wanted to go, I didn't mind being naked with them but there would be no SEX except with him. 

Darrin then nodded towards Greg and said, "OK, but you caused that. Are you going to leave him like that? You could at least jerk him off. I don't think you could call that sex." 

I thought, "Yea, I could do that. Then I thought, why not jerk them both off, Yea, maybe at the same time!" I motioned Greg over to me and took his dick in my other hand and commenced to jerk them both off. I loved the feeling of a dick in each hand. I eventually ended up on my knees; I was getting a close-up look at their dicks just before they came on my face and tits. That was the only time Greg seen me naked and the only time I ever touched him. But Darrin and I sure talked about it a lot for weeks after that and had great sex afterwards. 

Greg let me use his shower to clean up and then we got dressed and went to a nearby bar for beer and burgers. I wore 'only' that blue lace top and my short black jean skirt. Both guys had a kick knowing I was braless and pantiless in public. More than once Darrin and Greg had their hands on my bare ass as I stood next to them and a couple times both of them held a cheek at the same time. I loved the attention I was getting. I even thought about fucking them both together but that never happened, but the thought was nice though and I have fantasied about it often when I masturbated. 

And I did wear that little blue top in public braless many times after that day and enjoyed doing it. Most of the times I wore it braless I was with Darrin and he liked me wearing one of my jeans skirts with it and he liked me to go pantiless under the skirts too. I told him at first I went pantiless it was just for him but I finally admitted to him that I also enjoyed being naked under my little skirts in public. It was exciting and naughty at the same time and that made me horny. 

