Fun in the Gym
by julesteve©
After a hard workout with my trainer in the gym last night I hit the showers the warmth of the water soon relaxed my tired muscles and as I poured shower gel over my breasts I could not resist tweaking and rubbing my nipples causing a delicious tingling sensation in my most intimate area. 

My nipples are incredibly sensitive and I love to have them sucked and licked while my breasts are roughly squeezed. Despite feeling incredibly turned on I resisted the temptation to explore further, rinsed off then decided to relax for half an hour in the Jacuzzi. 

Retrieving my bikini from my sports bag I was soon dreamily enjoying the soft caress of the bubbles. My nipples were still hard from a combination of the attention I had given them earlier and the cool air between the changing room and the spa area and I could not resist softly rubbing my thumb over them through my bikini top. I was positioned so that the main stream of bubbles ran between my legs this along with the attention to my nipples made me incredibly horny and was soon unable to contain myself. 

I began touching my pussy through my bikini bottoms pulling them to one side and spreading my lips so that the bubbles flowed over them tickling and teasing. I dipped a finger just inside gently rubbing back and forth my breath was quickening my clit throbbing as I passed my thumb over it and I knew that I would need to come soon. 

I was pulled back from the brink by the sound of some chaps making their way towards the spa area. Left feeling frustrated at being so close I decided to be really naughty and daring, so I took off my bikini bottoms and hid them under my towel knowing that it would be hard for anyone to see my shaven pussy in the stream of bubbles but tingling at the thought someone might see, anyway I guessed that their attention would be diverted to my chest as my bikini top shows a generous amount of cleavage and my nipples were standing out rock hard and dark against the thin material. 

My mouth was dry, heart thumping with excitement at the thought of what I was doing, and the feeling of the bubbles on my naked pussy along with the excitement of my little secret had me trembling slightly with anticipation as three young chaps came in to the room. 

They all stopped and fell silent their eyes drawn to my barely concealed chest. They were looking from me to one another when I broke the silence with a simple Hi. They all broke into sheepish smiles and asked if I minded them joining me in the tub. I said not at all there's plenty of room if we squash up. They all climbed in and the chap closest to me said that some women don't like being joined by a group of men. 

Feeling really naughty now I decided to push things my arms were resting outstretched on the Jacuzzi either side of me so I turned slightly to my left knowing that my breast would be pushed up to the young chaps side. He kind of tried to move but as the Jacuzzi was now so full there was on where for him to go. I looked him straight in the eye and in my sexiest voice asked him why on earth anyone would object. 

One of the others laughed and said some ladies do especially a lady they met last week and they all set off in fits of laughter. I asked what happened and they told me that when they got to the Jacuzzi last week they noticed that this Woman's bikini had come loose and sagged a little in the water she had huge breasts and they could clearly see her nipples. As she had her head back and her eyes closed when they first got in she did not see them getting a good look. Unfortunately for them she as soon as she opened her eyes and realised what they were looking at she called them perverts and ran out. 

I asked if that was the best thing they had seen in there and they all said pretty much. I asked if her tits were as nice as mine and as one their eyes went to my breasts as they did so I released the clasp in front. 

My bikini top parted and there was an audible gasp as my breasts and rock hard nipples came into view gently squeezing them together and rubbing my thumbs over my nipples I asked if last weeks little slip was still the best thing that they had seen. As one they said no way. I asked if this was the best and as one they said yes. 

By now I was soaking wet my pussy was throbbing for release there was no way that I could leave things without pushing it further so decided to give them a show they would not forget. 

I said it was very nice chatting to them but it was time to go I could see the disappointment on their faces but knew that would not last as I turned & slowly pulled myself up out of the tub. I lingered there kneeling on the side dripping wet my bikini top hanging open around my breasts legs apart, bare ass in the air so that they could see everything. As one they all moved over to my side of the Jacuzzi. 

I turned onto my back with my legs dangling in the water opening myself up allowing them to take in the sight of my swollen lips they were crowded so close to me I could feel them pressing against my legs.

A minute or so must have passed as they examined every inch of my body with their eyes I was hornier than I had ever been and able to stand it no longer dropped my other hand to my pussy running a finger over my clitoris, I was sopping wet down there so easily slid two fingers inside of me withdrawing them and wetting my engorged nipples with the juice while rubbing my clit with all four fingers of my other hand. I felt the urge building and knew I wouldn't be able to stop until I had come. 

I asked my audience to get out of the tub and kneel on either side of me with their cocks out. They hesitated at first then did as I asked and were soon inches away I opened my eyes and saw all that flesh right at eye level, five rock hard cocks pre-come glistening at the head. 

Orgasm building my movements became more frantic my pussy yearned for release.

I told them to start stroking themselves until they had come over my tits my breathing became harsh and rapid as my own need took over fingers rubbing faster over my lips and clit.

I felt gobs of come hit my breasts and realized I was not alone as my pussy clenched up sending juices flooded over my hand. When my orgasm hit it had me bucking and twitching on the spa room floor in front of five complete strangers.

Gasping and drenched in sweat I opened my eyes and saw that two of the guys came on my tits as I had asked. 

The others soon followed but had other ideas as gooey blobs of Semen landed not only on my breasts but on my belly, thighs and between my legs where I still gently caressed my pussy with my free hand I rubbed the rivulets into my breasts and thighs as my orgasm began to subside. 

I lay there savouring the moment and catching my breath then picked up my discarded bikini and towel blew the guys a kiss and headed for the shower to clean off the sticky goo. 

The guys never said a word I think that they might have been embarrassed at jerking off in front of one another but I didn't care. All I know is I had just had one of the hottest sexual experiences of my life, and maybe tomorrow I'll be horny enough to do it all again. xxj
