Sue's Fourteenth Birthday
by Ashley
Copyright© 2022 by Ashley

Chapter 1

I guess pretty much all girls notice that men and boys look at them differently when they start to go through puberty, and it may all be in my head, but I seem to get it more than most.

I started getting little breast buds when I was about eleven or twelve and at that point my nipples got, and remain, incredibly sensitive, which means that a lot of the time they are at least partially erect.

They seem to be a source of fascination for an awful lot of men and even some women.

My height shot up at about that time and my breasts grew rapidly until now, with my fourteenth birthday coming up tomorrow, they are a C-cup, which is not huge, but is bigger than most girls my age and they look larger than they are on my 5’ 2” 85lb frame.

I try hard to ignore the stares and I don’t dress is such a way as to encourage them, but it does make me a little uncomfortable. It seems to be worst when I am wearing my school uniform for some reason, even though my skirt is a sensible length: just above the knee, and I wear my blazer over my buttoned up blouse in all but the hottest weather.

What I find most disturbing is that it even happens in my own home. I’ve caught both my fifteen year old brother Nick and my Dad staring at my boobs or my ass when they thought I wasn’t looking.

Talking to my girl friends at school they all seem to have the same experiences to a lesser or greater degree, and just say that that’s the way men are, and you just have to get used to it.

The next morning we get up early and I open my presents. I get a lovely silver necklace from Dad.

I try it on and the 26 inch chain means that the beautiful silver bee hangs just between my breasts. Everyone insists that I undo the buttons on my blouse so that they can admire it properly and Mom says it looks lovely and that I should keep my blouse like that.

From Mom I get a bottle of Chanel Coco Mademoiselle Eau de Parfum Spray which I try on my wrists and it smells fabulous. Mom says i should put a little on my neck so that I can smell it all day, so I do.

Nick gives me a small parcel and, when I rip it open it is labelled ‘Waterproof Electric Razor for Women’. I’m puzzling over why Nick thinks I need one of those and look at him quizzically.

“For your legs.” He says and we both look at my legs which are covered with fine blonde downy hairs and that I’ve never shaved in my life. I look back up at him and he gives me an exaggerated wink which Mom and Dad completely miss, thank God. I feel my face burning as I finally realize what it is he thinks I might actually want to shave.

“Thanks Nick, that’s lovely.” I say through gritted teeth while glaring at him furiously.

“Thank you all so much. You’ve been very kind.” I say, genuinly touched but also trying to distract Dad who is staring at the razor with a confused look on his face.

“We’re not quite finished yet.” Mom says, getting up and reaching behind the couch. “This came in the post yesterday, I don’t know who it’s from.” She picks up a large parcel wrapped in brown paper and hands it to me.

I take the parcel and look over the outside to see if there are any clues as to who it’s from, but there’s nothing.

I rip open the brown paper and inside is another layer of pink wrapping paper but there’s still no indication who sent it.

I tear that open and realize quickly that and it’s loads of sets of underwear in plastic bags; still no card or anything.

“Ooo, they look nice,” Says mom. “Open some up.”

I open the first one that comes to hand and, when I hold the panties up, they are tiny, not the size, the material: the small triangle of red satiny fabric would barely cover my pussy. I pick up the matching bra, kind of knowing beforehand what I’m likely to find and, sure enough, the lacy bra has half cups that would leave the tops of my breasts completely uncovered.

“Try them on!” Nick almost shouts with glee, his face red with excitement. Dad is silent but he has a strange expression on his face: almost hungry.

“Don’t be silly Nick.” Mom admonishes him, but she is smiling as she says it. “Anyway it’s time you two were off to school.”

“What did you get for your birthday?” Asks Melanie, when I get to school.

“I got this necklace I tell them.” I tell them, pulling the chain out from under my collar.

“Well lets see it then.” Says Miranda, and I have to undo several buttons so that they can see the little bee.

My friends all admire it closely, which is a bit disconcerting having their faces so close to my chest.

Then Miranda comments on my perfume saying low lovely it smells as she sniffs at my neck.

“That was from my mom.” I tell them.

I wasn’t aware of it until then, but it turns out I have a very sensitive neck and, when they all insist on putting there faces close to, and sometimes touching it, I find that I am trembling faintly and I have a distinct tingling in my pussy.

That has never happened to me before outside the privacy of my own bed or shower and it shocks me intensely.

I laugh self-consciously, thinking crazily that they will be able to tell that I’m aroused, and pull away from them a bit.

When I get home from school Mom is there to meet me.

“Hi honey, I put all your new things away for you.” She says as I head on upstairs to get changed.

When I look in my underwear drawer I find that my old bras and panties are gone and only the new sets remain.

I am not happy and I set off to find Mom.

“Where are all my old bras and panties?” I ask her when I find her in the kitchen.

“Oh, I threw them away. They were old and ratty and your new ones are much nicer.”She says. I go the the bin to see if they are in there.

“You could have asked me first.” I complain. She sees me rummaging in the bin.

“They’re not in there,” She tells me. “I put them in the charity clothes bin.” I glare at her.

“Those new ones are very ... small.” I tell her.

“They are a bit smaller than your old ones, but they’re much prettier.” She says. “Have you looked through them all yet? Have you tried any of them on even?”

“No.” I say into my chest because, annoyingly, she has a point.

“Well then.” She replies as if that solves everything.

I go through them and there are ten pairs of panties and five bras. Some of the panties are even tinier than the ones I looked at earlier on, basically just thongs.

I try on a pair of the least slutty ones and look at myself in the mirror. I have to admit that my bottom does look lovely with half of each cheek bare, but the front, which does in fact cover my pussy, doesn’t cover all of my public hair.

It’s not that I have a huge bush or anything it’s just that it’s got a bit straggly of late.

Then I remember Nick’s present which Mom has put on my dresser. It is called the Tinge and I open the box and take it out. It feels very nice in my hand with expensive feeling plastic. It has a cap on the top covering a safety razor and when I press the button of the side it buzzes remarkably strongly in my hand.

I start to read through the instruction leaflet and I then feel my face burning: although it is a razor, it’s a vibrator as well!

I hurriedly put it back in it’s box, but just the idea of putting it in my pussy has made it tingle like mad.

I decide to try on the skimpiest of the thongs, just so I know what they feel like. The whole of my butt is revealed but it doesn’t feel as much like I’ve got a permanent wedgie as I’d feared.

I decide to keep wearing it while I tidy away my school clothes and make the bed that I didn’t have time to do this morning.

At the end of all that, the wedgieness is pretty much gone and the sensation of the soft strip up my crack rubbing against my asshole is kind of nice. Most of all though I feel almost naked and sexy in a way I never did with my old underwear.

I decide that if I should ever go out on a date I might consider wearing one of the thongs but for school I’ll stick to the merely skimpy other panties.

I then try on one of the half-cup bras. They really do show off my breasts very nicely, accentuating my cleavage and showing off the top half of my boobs.

It’s then that I realize that none of the lingerie sets are white, they will all show through my white school blouses and everyone will be able to see these sexy new bras.

The next morning I am getting changed and I can’t find any of my school skirts. I check the washing basket and there are none in there so I go to see Mom to find out what’s going on.

“I’m sorry honey, I don’t know where they are.” She tells me, after checking the ironing pile. “Have you got any of your old ones?” My old skirts are from when I was ten. They’ve got an elasticated waist so I could probably fit into them but I was a lot shorter back then.

“They’ll be too short Mom!” I tell her.

“You’ve got to wear something,” She tells me. “go and try one on.”

I stamp up the stairs and rummage around in a drawer until I find one. When I put it on, it is a bit tight but not too bad. When I look in the mirror though it barely reaches to the middle of my thighs.

If I bend about half way over I can see most of my legs and if I bend right over I can see the bottom half of my ass cheeks.

I go back down to see Mom.

“That’s fine,” She says firmly. “you look lovely actually. And that bra’s very pretty too by the way. Anyway you’re going to be late if you don’t go now, so I don’t see that you really have any choice.”

As I leave the house I am acutely aware that the lightest of breezes will lift up the skirt and display my nearly naked ass to the world, so I walk along with my hands by my sides ready to hold it down.

When I get to school I suddenly seem to be the centre of attention. I can see people nudging each other and looking in my direction.

To start with I feel like crying, but instead I decide that the better alternative is just to really own this new look. I put a smile on my face that I don’t really feel, and approach my group of friends.

“Fucking hell Sue. You look awesome.” Says Miranda. “I wish my parents would let me dress like that!”

“Actually...” I start to say, but stop myself. “never mind.”

“Aren’t you worried that people will be able to see up that skirt?” Alice asks me.

“Not really,” I lie. “It’s no more than they’d see on the beach is it?” Which I realize is nearly true and actually helps me to relax a bit.

In the end my choice of panties makes little difference. My ass soon eats the narrow strip of material between my cheeks and the constant feel of it brushing against my rosebud, along with the cool breezes caressing my now basically bare ass, keep me feeling slightly aroused for a lot of the day. It is very distracting but also quite nice.

During lunch break I am walking around a corner of the building and a gust of wind blows my skirt right up before I can catch it. I push it back down and look around to see who might have been watching. The only person looking my way is Juliette Martin who’s a couple of years above me. She smiles briefly in my direction before moving away, and I breathe a sigh of relief.

A bit later I’m in the girl’s toilet when Juliette comes in. She stands with her back to the door.

“That was a very pretty little pair of panties you flashed at me earlier. Very pretty and very little.” She says, smiling widely. “What make are they?”

“I don’t know,” I reply honestly. “there are no labels on them.”

“Could I get another look?” She asks me. I feel my face go bright red.

“You want me to show you my panties?” I ask her incredulously.

“I’ll show you mine if you show me yours.” She replies laughing and pulls up her skirt. I can feel my jaw hanging open as I look at the tiny scrap of translucent white material covering her pussy. I can see that she has no hair down there and her slit is clearly visible. Almost as astonishing to me as her behaviour is the fact that my pussy is throbbing wildly as I continue to stare.

“Jesus,” She says. “You’re going to burn right through them looking at me like that.” She says, coy all of a sudden, and she drops her skirt down.

“Come on then.” She says to me, and for a minute I’m not sure what she means, my mind is so frazzled.

“Come on then what?” I ask her.

“Come on then let’s see those little panties of yours.” My mind is racing almost as fast as my heart. I grip the hem of my skirt and swallow hard a couple of times. Her eyes are glued to my crotch. My hands are trembling as I slowly raise it up until I see her eyes widen and I know she’s seen the front of my panties.

I am so turned on right now that I can feel wetness building inside my pussy.

Juliette walks slowly towards me, her eyes not leaving my groin for a single second, until she is about three feet away from me. I drop the hem of my skirt.

She leans forward slowly until her lips are nearly touching my ear and I can feel her breath on my neck.

“Firstly: You smell wonderful,” She whispers to me, inhaling the perfume I dabbed behind my ears this morning. “and secondly: if you’re going to make a habit of flashing your gorgeous little fanny around you might want to tidy up those pubes.” I squeal and run for the door, but not quickly enough to avoid the slap on my ass she gives me as I pass her.

I can still hear her laughter as I run away up the corridor.

Never, in all of my life, have I ever been turned on while I was at school, and now it’s happened twice in two days; I begin to wonder if that’s just what happens when you turn fourteen.

In the rest of the day I catch more people staring at me than I normally get in a whole week and I have to admit to myself that I kind of like it. The really nice thing is the number of people who spontaneously smile at me, suddenly the world seems a much happier place.

When I get home I bump into Mom.

“Hi sweety. Did you have a good day?” She asks me. I think about it for a few seconds.

“Different,” I reply. “Definitely different.”

“Different good or different bad?”

“Different ... good ... I think?” I reply uncertainly. She wraps her arms around me and hugs me to her, stroking my hair and shoulders softly.

“I’m glad, baby girl.” She whispers to me. My face is pressed against her chest and my lips are touching the bare top of her breast. Her tits feel lovely and soft against me and, as I nuzzle my face in deeper, my lips brush against them. I can’t resist kissing the warm flesh of her breast and, as I do, I am shocked to feel my pussy twitching with desire. I laugh nervously and wriggle free of her embrace.

Back in my room I throw myself onto the bed and wonder what the fuck is the matter with me. I almost never swear, not even in the confines of my own head, but getting turned on by my own mother had shaken me badly.

I am still there many minutes later, still on the brink of crying, when I feel a soft touch on my back and then the material of my skirt being pulled down over the cheeks of my ass.

I turn my head over my shoulder and see my dad looking down at me fondly.

I jump off the bed and throw my arms around his neck and hug him fiercely.

“There, there honey.” He says soothingly, stroking my back.

“Oh Daddy, everything’s so confusing.” I cry into is shoulder, loving the feel of his strong arms around me.

“What is it honey, what’s wrong with my best girl?” As I wriggle in his embrace to look up at his face I feel a hardness pressing against that secret place at the top of my pussy. I wonder briefly if it could be his keys, but then it twitches and I know that it’s his penis, his hard penis. I find myself pressing against him a little more firmly.

I stare up into his eyes and the look between us speaks volumes: He knows that I know, and I know that he knows.

He breaks first, and moves me out to arms length.

“Are you OK baby?” He asks me, all apparent concern. I know that the time is past when I am his baby and he’ll tuck me up in bed and read me a story.

“Yes,” I tell him with a small smile. “I was just being silly. I think I’ll take a bath.”

I pick up my robe and my new razor and head to the bathroom.

I run a bath and disrobe, all the while looking at the razor/vibrator and feeling my pussy pulsing and almost aching with longing for it.

I sit in the bath and wash my top and especially my breasts slowly and thoroughly, paying particular attention to my nipples which are as large and as erect as I’ve ever seen them.

Nearly at the end of my self control I sit on the edge of the bath and stare at my unruly pubic hair. It seems to be an important milestone in my life and I step over it happily.

I get the soap and raise a lather with my hands before smearing it liberally over my vulva. Just the sensation of doing that is nearly too much, and I have to swallow hard and steel myself before picking up the razor.

I take off the cap and tremble slightly at the sight of the blades within. The idea of getting them close to my most intimate and sensitive parts suddenly seems to be a bad one and I hesitate, but I desperately want to see my pussy looking clean and lovely like Juliette’s and I pluck up my courage.

I turn the razor on to it’s lowest setting and use my left hand to pull the skin of my vulva tight. As I touch the razor to my skin the vibrations are so nice I’m tempted to leave the shaving for now and go straight to the main course, but I deny myself for now, and carry on.

I work very carefully, always ending the strokes just before I reach my most delicate parts and only just manage to finish before the shaking of my hands gets too bad.

The throbbing and pulsating of my pussy is almost overwhelming after all the buzzing and the gentle touches and pressure of my own hands while I shaved, but the end result is looking nice.

I gasp as I splash water over it to clean off the last of the soap and I can wait no longer. I pick up the Tinge, put it’s cap back on, and push the buttons randomly until I get an amazing strong buzzing in my hand.

Then I dip it in the water before pushing it gently into the hole that has been crying out to be filled ever since it felt my dad’s hard cock pressing against it.

It’s feels absolutely incredible and I start shaking like a leaf as I push it further and further inside. It meets an expected obstruction and I wimp out of going further, knowing that it would likely hurt.

As I remove it a smell reaches my nostrils. I’ve caught a slight whiff of it before but never this strong, and I know that it’s the fragrance of my pussy in heat. I lift the Tinge to my nose and inhale deeply thinking that this is what a lover would smell if they were close to my pussy. The thought makes me shiver but I really like the smell and think that I wouldn’t be embarrassed at all for this hypothetical person to smell it too.

I touch it softly against the hood of my clit. It’s like an electric shock going through me, and I can only take it for a few seconds before I have to take it away.

After a series of astonishingly exquisite dabs I am very close to cumming and I place it back at the entrance of my vagina which is feeling achingly empty again.

As soon as I push it inside my orgasm hits me like an earthquake and my whole body shakes and quivers. My rubbery legs lose their footing and, as I slip into the bath, the vibrator is jammed right up my into my pussy.

There is an incredible mixture of pain and pleasure as it splits my hymen but fills my vagina beautifully and I writhe in the bath as my first ever orgasm goes on and on.

By the time I recover the pain has gone and the only sign of my lost maidenhood is a faint pink tinge to the bathwater.

After rinsing with the shower head and drying off, I admire my pussy in the mirror.

I think it looks beautiful, just like when I was a little girl all pink and soft and smooth. I run my fingers over it and strangely wish that Juliette could be here to see it. The idea of her looking at my naked pussy threatens to get me going all over again and I put on my robe and pick up the Tinge.

As I open the bathroom door I see Nick who is suspiciously close by and, seeing his gift in my hand, he smiles wickedly.

“Did you try it?” He asks me, a look of desperate curiosity on his face.

I am framing some withering reply when my hands pull open my robe and I show him the results of my handiwork.

I try to justify it to myself later as a thank you for what I suspect was an expensive present, which has given me so much pleasure, but I know inside that it was just a deep desire to show him how pretty it now looked.

I watch his Adam’s Apple bob as he gulps manically and then, as if it’s some kind of unspoken tit for tat, he lowers his shorts and underwear and proudly displays his fully erect penis.

I lick my lips and feel myself salivating as I stare at it bobbing and twitching in an incredibly cute way.

He has very little pubic hair and his balls look so darling. I imagine how they would feel in my hand and my pussy starts to clench all over again and now I’m imagining how a throbbing penis would feel inside it.

“Are you two coming down for your dinner?” I hear Mom shout from downstairs, and hurriedly we cover ourselves up.

“But did you try it?” He whispers urgently, as I go to pass him.

“It was lovely, thank you Nick.” I breathe into his ear and kiss him lightly on the cheek. His mouth drops open and I giggle to myself as I head to my room.

The next morning is Saturday and, as I dress, I pick out a thong and matching bra, and slip them on. I look at the jeans that I normally wear around the house and frown.

I think through what now seems to be the meagre selection of clothes that I own, trying to think of something that I want to wear. The only thing that comes to mind is a white skirt that I wore when I tried playing tennis briefly about a year ago.

I fish it out and try it on, looking at myself in the mirror. It is even shorter than my now new school skirt. Perfect. I match it with a thin pale lemon blouse which I button up so that my pretty bee necklace is visible between my breasts.

Happy with my attire I wonder what the third day of my fourteenth year will have in store for me.


Chapter 2

The next day I’m standing in front of my drawer of new underwear trying to decide what to wear. I’ve got my robe on but the front is open and my fingers are idly tracing circles over my newly silky smooth vulva.

I find a black satin thong that has no lining and my legs feel slightly weak as I imagine how amazing that would feel brushing against my smooth skin, and I try it on.

It’s every bit as nice as I thought and I can’t resist it. I find the matching bra and continue getting dressed.

As I dress it occurs to me that none of my new panties are going to be very appropriate when I have my period but, seeing as I only just had one, I decide to leave that problem for another day.

As I’m leaving for school Mom shouts to me not to be late home but doesn’t tell me why.

The panties were a mistake. The whole time I’m acutely aware of them caressing my skin and I have trouble concentrating on anything. Having said that I find myself constantly making tiny movements so that I can feel it more.

At lunchtime I’m with Miranda and the girls chatting, and I see Juliette standing alone a little way off. She beckons me with a finger and I make some excuse to my friends and go over to her.

She moves nearer until she’s a little too close and leans in to my ear.

“Did you do it?” She whispers to me. I suspect I look like a rabbit caught in a car’s headlights as I look into her beautiful green eyes. I daren’t speak and I just nod.

“Around your asshole as well?” I feel the skin of my forehead crinkle as my eyes open very wide. I still can’t speak and I shake my head.

“What happens if I want to kiss you there too?” She asks me. I’m flabbergasted. I replay that simple sounding sentence in my head. She may want to kiss my asshole! What!? But she’s also taking it as read that she’s going to be kissing my pussy! What!? What!!? She sees the look of utter bewilderment on my face and laughs prettily.

“I’m only fucking with you Susan.” She says right into my ear and kisses my neck softly. I’m trembling like that frightened bunny and my pussy is buzzing with excitement as she walks away from me smiling.

My friends hurry over to me.

“What was that about?” Demands Miranda. “And did she fucking kiss you just then?”

“Nothing.” I croak, but I know I have to say something. “She was just asking about my perfume, and smelling it on my neck. She wanted to know what it was.” It’s a bit thin and they don’t look convinced but, seeing as the alternative is that Juliette Martin was kissing me, which is frankly unthinkable, they let it go.

Later on when I’m having a wee I tentatively have a feel in the valley between my butt cheeks. There are a few hairs there, not a lot, but more than you’d want to find if you were kissing me back there. I can’t believe I just had that thought. I’m turning into some kind of sex obsessed lunatic.

All afternoon I keep remembering Juliette’s words and imagining what it would feel like if she was kissing my pussy and my rosebud, and in my head at least it’s pretty bloody amazing.

Between that and the rubbing of the satin on my vulva I am in an almost constant state of arousal, and I’m really wishing I’d worn underwear with a little more absorbency. Already I’m looking forward to a little moment of personal hygiene when I get home, without being too graphic I am feeling a little fragrant down there.

I was just about to enter my History class in the afternoon when Miranda comes up to me.

“What the fuck is the matter with you Sue?” She demands. I have absolutely no idea what she’s talking about.

“What?” I reply.

“Just now you bumped into Shaun Highmore. You know Shaun Highmore, quarterback, drop dead fucking gorgeous...”

“Yes, yes. I know who Shaun Highmore is. So what?” I interrupted, a bit testily, she was starting to annoy me a bit. I looked around for any evidence of him and saw nothing.

“So he was being really nice about it. I mean really nice! And you fucking blanked him.” She was looking at me as if I’d spat on the Pope or something. I must have completely missed the whole thing in my latest daydreaming about Juliette.

“But ... I didn’t ... I was... “ I gabber. She looks at me despairingly, shakes her head, and then she walks away.

I wonder how obsessed I must be getting to miss probably the best looking guy in the school.

By the end of the day I’m so horny that my desire for a wash has turned into a firm date with my Tinge.

Mom, however, meets me at the door, takes me through to the lounge, and sits me on the sofa before I can slip up to the bathroom.

“You’re pretty much all grown up now and you need to start thinking about taking precautions.” She tells me and I feel myself blush furiously.

“I remember when I was your age little Georgie Perkins cornered me after class one day.” She gets a faraway look on her face and her hand grips my knee gently.

“We were snogging and, when his hands touched my bottom, I really thought I was going to faint.” She continued. I don’t think she realizes it, but her hand begins to stroke my inner thigh ever so gently.

“And then his clever little fingers pulled my skirt up, inch by inch, until he could cup my little bottom, with nothing between his hands and me but my panties.” With each stroke her fingers get a little higher up my thigh and it’s starting to drive me crazy.

“I remember I was in absolute heaven, and then, when he slipped his hands down the back of my panties and touched my little kitty from behind ... I felt so wet, I’d never felt so wet before that day.” She whispers softly. I know exactly how she felt, her fingers and her story are making me so horny.

“And then he took my hand and put it on his ... penis which he’d somehow got out of his clothes. It was so hot, and hard and silky.” Her voice is so quiet now I have trouble hearing her. “He put his hand around mine and showed me how to stroke it, and at the same time his fingertip slipped inside me.” She sighs deeply, and I wonder exactly how much she is going to tell me.

“I was so excited I absolutely would have let him fuck me there and then ... but luckily, I guess, he seemed to be happy with just a handjob.” My own pussy is awash and her fingers are incredibly close to touching it.

“He was nice enough to bring me off though.” She says fondly, and I can’t help wishing that she’d do the same for me. She shakes her head and seems to come out of her reverie.

“Anyway I know how easy it is to get caught up in the moment, which is why we’re going to see Doctor Anderson.” She says brightly.

“What for?” I ask her.

“Precautions.” She says, as if that explains it all.

“But I haven’t even got a boyfriend.”

“Nor did I when I ran into Georgie that day.”

“When?” I ask her, desperately hoping that I’ve got ten minutes to attend to my increasingly urgent needs. She looks at her watch.

“Damn,” She says. “right now, we’re a bit late actually.” I start to panic and something occurs to me.

“What happened to Doctor Stokes?” I ask her.

“Oh, she retired a few months ago. Doctor Anderson is a nice young man though, you’ll like him. Come on we’ve got to go.” She says, and stands up and starts getting her stuff together.

In the car on the way to the surgery my pussy is still tingling from Mom’s story and I’m desperately trying to work out if I can smell my arousal through my clothes, my panties are definitely damp.

My last hope is that I’ll be able to nip to the toilets in the Doctors before we get called in, but that’s dashed when my name comes over the tannoy as soon as we step through the door.

Mom, of course, comes in with me.

I take one look at Doctor Anderson and curse my luck, he’s handsome of course. About twenty-five I guess, short curly black hair, strong jaw with piercing dark eyes.

“Hi there Susan, Mrs Young.” He says in a very reassuring, deep voice.

“I understand you’d like Susan to start oral contraception?” I look at Mom with disbelief, she smiles back at me.

“Yes, that’s right.” She says. I’m processing that and feeling better as I realize it means no more periods, no more period pain! and no more tampons!

“We’ll have to do a full pelvic exam of course. If that’s OK?” He says lightly, and I full on panic. My pussy feels like a swamp and he’s going to examine me!!?

“Yes,” My mom says. “that’s fine.” Since when does she do all my speaking for me?

“Just to confirm,” he says to me. “you haven’t had sex in the past forty-eight hours and you’re not on your period?”

“That’s right.” I answer. I kind of want to clarify but I kind of don’t.”

He touches a button on his intercom.

“Hi Kerry, could you come in here please?” He says into it.

“The nurse will be here throughout,” He says to my Mom. “but if you want to stay too that’s OK.” Mom looks at me and I shake my head at her in what I think is a subtle but unmistakable way.

“Yes, I’d like to stay.” She tells him.

When the door opens I’m hoping like hell that it’s a nice matronly woman who’ll help me to calm down, but no, Kerry has the face of an angel, is about twenty and blonde and slender. I just cannot catch a break today.

“If you could go behind the screen there, take off your things and put this gown on for me please Susan.” He says to me, and hands me a paper gown.

“All my things?” I ask, hoping he’ll say no.

“Yes please. I’ll need to examine your breasts as well.”

I’m trembling as I do as he asks. When I take my panties off they are just as wet as I’d feared. My pussy is soaking and the smell, to my mind at least, is overpowering.

The gown doesn’t seem to cover much and I’m not sure the ties are even secure.

At least the intense embarrassment that I’m feeling has driven away all the horniness that I’ve had most of the day.

When I come out from behind the screen all three of them are looking at me.

“If you could sit on the table with your behind on the edge for me please.” Doctor Anderson asks me. I do as he asks and he swings out two stirrups.

“Just put your feet in these for me please Susan.” He says. so I do.

“And let your legs fall to the sides.” I gulp and do as he asks. The gown is now stretched between my knees and is not covering my pussy and ass at all; I feel incredibly exposed.

He sits on a wheely chair and scoots it around until he is right between my legs.

“I’m just going to examine you externally for a moment.” Mom stands next to me where she can see what’s going on, and holds my hand, while Kerry moves around to the end of the table and now there are three pairs of eyes looking at my pussy.

They now all know that I’ve shaved my vulva and I’m not sure whether that’s more or less embarrassing than if it had been still all untidy.

The only thing that I can feel at this stage is his breath faintly caressing my vulva and I try hard not to let it excite me.

I can’t see him any more but I hear him snap on some rubber gloves and my heart seems to skip a beat.

“That all looks fine,” He says. “Now I’m going to slip this small speculum inside you to take a look at your cervix.” He holds up a plastic contraption which looks half worrying and half interesting, and I feel myself tense up.

“Try to relax Susan,” He says. “This won’t take long.” I feel it begin to slide into my vagina and the horniness which I thought had vanished is instantly back again.

“Oh,” He says. “Kerry could you pass me that larger one please.” I cringe as I guess that he’s seen my hymen is gone and he doesn’t need a small one.

When it slips all the way in it’s all I can do not to moan. It fills me beautifully and I can feel myself starting to get wet again.

“I’m just going to open it up a little so that I can see inside. You might feel a slight stretching sensation.” I do feel a slight stretching sensation and it’s lovely. I try to control my breathing but it’s not easy.

“Are you OK Susan?” He asks me, and I have to swallow hard before answering.”

“Fine, yes.” I’m hoping to hell that he’s nearly finished because my pussy is throbbing like mad now.

“I’m just going to take a smear, you might feel a pinching sensation.” Now when he speaks to me I can feel his breath inside my vagina and it’s doing my head in.

“Are we nearly finished?” I ask, and I’m embarrassed even more when my voice squeaks pitifully.

“Not quite,” He responds. “I’ve got a few more things to check. It won’t take too long though. I’m going to take the speculum out now.” I feel it slide out and in one way I’m relieved and in another I’m really, really not.

“I need to examine your ovaries and uterus now. I’ll insert two fingers into your vagina and press on your lower tummy. Is that OK Susan?” So he’s going to finger me! Oh my God!

“Yes.” I hear someone say, she sounds just like me.

I feel him put his warm hand on my stomach and then his fingers slip into my vagina and I feel my head spinning. He’s pressing down with one hand while moving his fingers all around inside me. I’m properly panicking now because I can feel myself building towards an orgasm. If he doesn’t stop soon...

He stops and I breathe again.

“It’s quite normal and nothing to worry about,” He says, and I immediately start to worry. “but I’m afraid I couldn’t evaluate your ovaries like that. I’m going to have to perform a rectovaginal examination. Do you understand Susan?” I have a pretty good idea but I desperately hope that I’m wrong.

“Not really.” I answer.

“I’ll put one finger into your vagina and another into your rectum and apply some pressure.” He says. I understand all of the words he’s using but suddenly they’re making no sense. I look at my mom and she’s smiling encouragingly at me. I try to look at Kerry but she’s too intent on looking at my pussy.

He may as well have said ‘I’m going to finger your pussy and ass until you cum, like the little whore that you are, all over my examination table.’ but nonetheless I find myself saying “OK” in the tiniest little voice that I think I’ve ever heard.

I now know the answer to my own earlier question and I really wish that I’d shaved my ass crack.

“Actually,” He says. “I’m training Kerry up to perform these exams and she’s never done this one. Would it be OK if she did it?” He asks me. I look at Kerry and she looks up at me, and the smile that she gives me almost melts my heart.

“That’s fine.” I say, the understatement of the century. I see Doctor Anderson stand up and Kerry takes his place.

“OK Kerry,” He says. “do the standard vaginal exam just so you can see what I’m saying about the ovaries.”

When I feel her fingers slide into my vagina I hold my breath. Her fingers massage the walls of my vagina and I’m desperately trying to convince myself that it doesn’t feel gorgeous.

“Yes Doctor, you can’t quite reach them can you.” She says to him.

“Right, now put your index finger into the vagina and your middle finger into the rectum and try it like that.” I swallow hard and try to relax but as soon as her fingers enter me I’m instantly on the downward slope towards cumming.

“Can you feel it now?” He asks. Her fingers are doing incredible things inside me and I’m teetering on the brink, just managing to hold myself back.

“No, I still can’t quite get it.”

“I think you need to be a bit deeper.” He tells her. No, no, no, please no, I cry inside, but she pushes both fingers harder into both of my holes and I can’t stop it. I shut my eyes tight and, right there with them all watching, I cum. I can feel my vagina and my pussy gripping Kerry’s fingers over and over. It’s nothing like the orgasm I had with my Tinge, that seemed to be in my clit, this time it seems to be in my vagina and my ass at the same time and I feel like crying I’m so overwhelmed with the intense pleasure of it.

Kerry must be able to feel it, and the motion of her fingers stops while my contractions continue to grip her fingers.

Just as my orgasm is fading Kerry’s fingers and Kerry’s hand start moving again, it helps to keep my cum going just a little longer and I thank her under my breath.

I feel my juices leaking out and I still daren’t open my eyes. I manage not to make any noises and I think I’ve kept reasonably still. Maybe nobody noticed, I hope desperately.

What I really, really want at this point is for someone to hold me and kiss me but there’s no chance of that. I realize that I’m crushing Mom’s hand and I force my self to relax my grip.

I finally open my eyes and Mom is smiling at me but in a really weird way. I just want the ground to open up and swallow me.

“I think I feel it now,” I dimly hear Kerry say. “This one feels fine, I think.” She says, and then her fingers move again. “Yes, and this one’s fine too.”

“Good.” Says the doctor. “I’ll just confirm that.” Kerry’s fingers leave me and two, somewhat larger, fingers replace them. Oh God, surely they can’t make me cum again. I’m starting to wonder if my mom’s going to want to have a go too.

“Yes, that all feels fine.” He declares breezily and pulls his fingers out. He wipes me off with a tissue, and throws that and his gloves in the bin.

I feel him gently push my legs together and cover my lower half up with the gown.

“Just the breast exam now and then we’re done.” He says, pulling on a new pair of gloves. I lie there in a blissed out daze as he pokes around with my tits. He tries to get me to pay attention to what he’s doing but I’m just not interested any more.

“If you’d like to put your clothes on now Susan.” He says to me, and I scuttle behind the screen.

“Everything seems to be fine,” I hear him say through the screen, and I’m sure that I hear them all laughing. “I’ll make out your prescription now.”

When I come out I’m looking at the floor and I sit down.

“OK Susan, I’m putting you on the combination pill. When was your last period?”

“Three days ago.” I mumble.

“Does that mean she can safely have intercourse immediately?” My mom chips in, and I throw her a glare that should kill her on the spot.

I look at Doctor Anderson and he’s smiling at me.

“Absolutely Susan.” He says, as if I was the one that asked the question and can’t wait to get into some guy’s pants.

Mom and I don’t talk much on the drive home but when we stop at some lights she takes my hand in hers.

“You’re a little superstar,” She says to me fondly. “I was so proud of you in there.” More like superslut I think, but her words make my hope that nobody, apart from Kerry of course, realized that I had an orgasm a little bit more likely.

“You’re so gorgeous. I could just eat you up.” She adds. I’m ninety-nine percent certain that she means that in exactly the same way she always has when she’s said that to me in the past. I smile and look over at her, but she’s not looking at my face, she’s looking between my legs.