The New Rules
By SuperEvil

Chapter 11
 
After watching the scene that had just taken place in front of them, having the girls each pair up and bring each other to climax, the boys were just about ready to pop. Both Eddy and Blake were trying to think of a way to discreetly sneak off and take care of themselves, while Cody and Travis were both thinking now would be a good time for some more blowjobs. Adam, however, had different plans.
 
Girls, that was awesome! He said, a humongous smile on his face. That was really cool of you to let us pair you off like that and letting us watch too.
 
Why, thank you Adam. Karen returned the boys smile. I think us girls had a lot of fun too.
 
All the blonde girls nodded their heads and gave their agreement, even Lilly, and Gwen and Abbie had to pipe up with a Yeah and a sheepish blush on their cheeks, having to admit they had also enjoyed themselves.
 
Great. Cool. So now that youve all had enough time to rest, how about we play a game? Adam asked the group.
 
A game? Lilly asked.
 
What game? Gwen, added.
 
Please, no more basketball, Adam, his sister begged.
 
Relax, its not basketball. He said, chuckling at his older sister. The girls who had been present the previous day relaxed a little hearing that.
 
What game then? Travis asked, hoping it would lead to a chance at getting some relief.
 
I was thinking twister. Adam answered with a grin, watching the reactions of the faces of his friends and also the reaction of the girls.
 
Thats a great idea! Eddy spoke up first. Playing twister with naked girls Wow He trailed off.
 
Hang on. I dont know. Gwen spoke up.
 
Come on. Itll be fun. Right girls? Karen said, walking over to stand near Adam. I said, right girls? Blondes!
 
Right! Karens three blonde classmates answered at her prompting.
 
Karen leaned over to whisper in Adams ear. Just so you know, Im more of a girls girl. So, if you dont mind, Ill sit this one out. But I can handle spinning the spinner and calling the moves, and Ill make it a little more fun for you guys, if you get what I mean. and she gave him a little wink.
 
Alright. Fine by me. Adam answered, and started heading towards the basement door, saying, Ill be right back with the game!
 
Abbie, at that point, was only half paying attention, having caught a glimpse of her boyfriend, and particularly what was now showing in his pants. At first, she tried being discrete, taking quick glances. Then she got up from her seat, trying to move somewhere in the room to where it wouldnt be as noticeable. She thought the best place to stand would be behind him, that way she wouldnt be tempted to look, but as she approached him, she couldnt help her eyes from darting down to look at the bulge in his pants, right in the line of Blakes sight this time, who definitely took notice.
 
I saw that. Blake gave an amused whisper to his girlfriend as she passed.
 
Abbies face turned deep red at being caught, turning to face towards the group again, who were all chatting in their own little worlds. I, uh
 
Its ok, Abbie. I dont mind. He turned sideways, half facing her so they could talk privately with each other. I hope you dont either. That was pretty exciting to watch you like that.
 
Again, her eyes were drawn down. No, I dont mind. She answered automatically, unable to concentrate.
 
He could now see that she was basically openly staring at him. Abbie, would you like to go to your room? Abbie, looked up at his face, blushed, and then nodded her head, talking his hand and the two of them snuck off up the stairs without the rest of the group noticing.
 
Once they were in her room, Abbie made sure the door was shut completely, wishing she had a lock, and then went over and sat down on the edge of her bed, looking up at her boyfriend. I know its against the rules, She started to say in a quiet voice, but do you think I could see you again...? Naked I mean? Her face flushed again as she took another look at his crotch as he stood in front of her.
 
Um, ok. Blake only gave a slight hesitation, and then started getting undressed, thinking that every time he had exposed himself in front of her, she had been willing to get him off.
 
Abbie couldnt help grinning once the boy was fully nude, still as erect as ever, and took a good long look at his penis, openly staring unashamedly now. She finally looked up at his face once she had had her fill and said, I think this is the first time youve been completely naked in front of me. and gave a little giggle.
 
I think youre right. He chuckled himself, and then added, I hope its not the last time.
 
Me too. But I guess that all depends.
 
Depends? On what? What do you mean?
 
I guess it depends on whether or not you want to keep breaking my moms rules. And I guess also how you really feel about me.
 
Come on, you know how I feel about you. When Abbie just gave him a blank expression, he continued. Abbie, I think youre amazing. Youre so cool. Youre really fun to hang around with, no matter what were doing. Ive always thought you were pretty too. Really beautiful. And super-hot too, especially now that I know what you look like naked. He couldnt help adding, making her blush again. And youre like my best friend too. I uh, really, really, really, like you. He couldnt quite bring himself to say the other four letter L word out loud.
 
I really really, really like you too Blake. She giggled, smiling from ear to ear. She hesitated, contemplating something, before leaning back on her elbows. Can I confess something to you too?
 
Yeah, you can tell me anything, Abbie.
 
Ever since the first time I saw your thing, and felt it, and played with it. I couldnt help thinking about what it would feel like... inside of me. She looked at him hopefully, wondering what his reaction would be.
 
His jaw almost fell open. You mean like All the way?
 
Abbie nodded. Yeah. Would that be something you want to do with me?
 
Yeah! I mean, yeah, of course. If thats what you want to do?
 
Ok! Abbie got up excitedly, hurrying over to her nightstand, and started pulling things out, tossing them aside quickly until she found what she was looking for. She walked back over to stand in front of him and said, But you have to wear this. and held out a gold colored foil packet to him.
 
He looked down at her outstretched hand and smiled. Oh. Yeah, sure. He took the condom packet from her, tearing it open and pulling out the rubber inside. Where did you get this? He asked while trying to put it on his penis.
 
Abbie took his hands, helping to slide the condom down his hard erection. Ill tell you later. Once she was sure the condom was on correctly, she turned and got back onto her bed, laying back on her elbows again, and gave him a sultry look.
 
Blake could hardly hold back his animalistic instincts at this point, and quickly climbed up onto the bed on top of her as well. He did at least know girls need to be wet, so didnt just try jamming it in. Instead, he rested his hard member on top of her slit, rocking it back and forth gently, as he also started to kiss her. Abbie started making little moans of pleasure, and those moans increased in volume as she turned her head, and he ended up kissing her neck. He continued kissing and sometimes sucking on her neck while his hands started massaging her young breasts.
 
Abbie was feeling as aroused as she had ever felt, the effects of the girls tongue from earlier never fully fading. Please, Blake, put it inside me! She begged with bated breath. Blake pulled his hips back, so that his erection aligned with her opening, and then slowly pushed forward until he felt a pop, and his penis was able to slide all the way in. AHHHH! she moaned.
 
You ok!? Blake asked with some concern, not moving, afraid he had hurt her.
 
Abbie nodded her head and answered, Yeah. when she finally caught her breath. It feels amazing! She wrapped her arms around his shoulders, and pulled him down, and gave him a big kiss. Then she started rocking her hips back and forth a little. Blake didnt need any more encouragement, beginning to thrust in and out of her as well.
 
They both only lasted a few minutes, their sweaty bodies in the throes of passion. Blake was the first to cum, his seed collecting in the protective barrier. Abbie, however, was able to feel his erection start pulsating inside of her despite the condom, and it set off her own orgasm, with her bucking her hips wildly until she could move no more. Blake rolled off of her once she was done, and the two laid side by side trying to catch their breath.
 
Meanwhile, downstairs, the game of twister was about to begin. The Larsons actually had two game mats, and Adam placed one mat on top of the other, so there were enough spaces for each of the four boys and five girls, with Karen sitting out and calling the game. Adam took notice that his sister and her boyfriend were now missing but made no mention about it.
 
Ok, Im going to make this a lot more fun. Ill call one move for the boys, and then one move for the girls. Karen started to explain. If you fall, youre out. Otherwise, its all fair. The last one standing gets a special prize. Karen flicked the spinner, waiting for it to stop before calling, Boys. Right foot, green. She waited for the boys to move into position before spinning again, this time saying, Girls, Left hand, blue.
 
She spun a couple more times, continuing to alternate between the boys and the girls turns, making sure the participants got nice and tangled up with each other. She then gave a little wink to Adam and made a show of spinning the spinner one more time before calling, "Boys, right hand, GIRLS BUTTS!". All the players gave a confused and puzzled look, until Travis caught on, and quickly took hold of Hope's behind as she was the closest girl.
 
The other boys quickly realized what they were expected to do, each grabbing the butt of the nearest girl, some with an aggressive smack beforehand.
 
"Ahhh!" called Gwen, now being held onto by her own younger brother, and still trying to keep her balance, with both of her hands and feet on the mat, "That's not a real move!"
 
"Yeah, come on!" Lilly joined in the complaining, with Eddy's hand firmly squeezing her bottom.
 
All the girls started an uproar of protest until Karen was able to quiet them down. "Girls! Girls! Calm down! I did say I was going to make this game a little more fun. Now girls, left hand" and she gave a quick smirk before finishing her sentence. "Dick." and wiggled her eyebrows a couple of times.
 
The girls only hesitated for a second, before each scrambling to grab a hold of the appropriate appendage through the boys' pants. Eddy, in particular, was grabbed with such force by Danni, he ended up being the first to fall, also taking out Danni and Hope in the process. Karen let out an uproarious laughter at the scene in front of her.
 
"It's not that funny." Eddy said, but couldn't help giving her a chuckle, not in any hurry to untangle himself from the two naked beauties that were now on top of him.
 
"Come on, what's the next move?" Lilly asked, as the three eliminated players were finally able to clear the game mat. She felt herself becoming particularly embarrassed to be holding onto Cody's appendage in this way, not sure why. Maybe because she was sharing that space with Kelly, with the only other girl still in the game, Gwen, holding onto Travis' crotch, seemingly trying to tease him through his clothes.
 
"Alright! Hold your horses!" Karen scolded, before calling, "Boys, hands, BOOBS!"
 
The girls were almost expecting it at this point, as each boy took hold. Adam was cheeky, placing one of his hands on Lilly's boob, and the other taking one of Gwen's. That forced Travis into a similar move, grabbing Gwen's other breast, and one of Kelly's. Cody took hold of Lilly's remaining boob but was too far away from Kelly to reach her.
 
"Aww, sorry Cody, but I think you're out if you can't reach Kelly." Karen gave the boy an apologetic look. Cody took one last chance, stretching with all of his might towards Kelly, but just ended up falling over in his effort. Karen shook her head at him, motioning for him to go take a seat.
 
"Alright, we're whittling this down. Only five of you left. OK girls, grab some boy butt!" Even if Karen was attracted to girls, she still couldn't help enjoying calling out such titillating moves for the players.
 
The girls moved fast. Only two boys remained. Both Lilly and Kelly grabbed one of Adam's cheeks, while Gwen could not resist giving Travis a hard spank, almost knocking him over, before laying her hand to rest on his derriere.
 
Karen knew there was only one place left to go to up the game's ante. "Boys, I think I know what you're hoping I call next. Go ahead and grab yourself a bit of pussy."
 
Adam moved first, placing his hand between Lillys legs, his other hand still resting on her left boob. Travis tried moving to grab both Gwens and Kellys pussy, but ended up throwing himself off balance, and he fell over, taking down the other four remaining players with him.
 
Ok. I guess thats it. Karen laughed at the mass of teenage bodies trying to uncoil itself in front of her. Looks like we dont have any winner today.
 
That was really fun. Adam was finally able to get himself free, helping to pull Lilly up next.
 
Yeah. That was awesome! Eddy agreed, sitting on the couch in between Danni and Hope. Say, um, wheres the bathroom? He asked, hoping he could finally go get himself some relief.
 
Uh, theres one down the hall there. Cody said, pointing. But Im going to go use it quick first. He was already up out of his chair.
 
Hang on. You boys wouldnt be wanting to go do something naughty. Gwen gave her brother and his classmate a knowing smirk.
 
Naughty? Lilly asked the older girl.
 
You know. and she made a jerking off motion with her hand.
 
Ohhh Lilly blushed, understanding the girls accusation.
 
Hey! Im not.... Cody said, looking quite guilty, with his erection still pushing out the front of his pants.
 
Relax, bro. All boys do it. In fact, all girls do it too. Were just a little more reluctant to admit it.
 
Hey! Why dont you do it in front of us!? Ive never seen a boy do that before. Hope said, looking optimistically at Cody. Of all the blonde girls in Karens club, she was probably the most straight of the bunch.
 
Wait. No. Thats against the rules, guys. Adam piped up.
 
Since when have you cared about the rules, Adam? Travis said, hoping this turn would lead to him receiving pleasure from one of the girls again, Gwen in particular he fantasized.
 
Look, if it finally means I can get myself off, Ill do it. Eddy said, unzipping the fly of his pants.
 
Adam looked over at the clock in the corner of the room. It was still pretty early, he reasoned in his head, with plenty of time before they would be caught. Well, I guess its alright. But why dont we
 
Eddy now had his hard penis sticking out of his fly, with both Hope and Danni on either side of him looking on with wonder as he started stroking it up and down. Why dont we, what? he asked.
 
Adam smirked, seeing all the girls were watching Eddy now. Why dont we have the girls do it for us?
 
Oh? Can I? Danni asked first. Eddy gave her a quick head nod and a smile, stopping pleasuring himself, and the blonde girl continued for him. He let out a loud moan, having never been touched on his privates by a girl before, and almost came right then, barely managing to hold out.
 
Gwen will you do me? Travis grinned at his best friends older sister.
 
Sure! The fifteen year old gave a happy smile, taking the boy's hand.
 
Lilly? Cody asked bashfully.
 
Oh Ummm, ok. Lilly answered with just about the same amount of nervousness as the boy.
 
Hope sat there next to Eddy, looking disappointed she had been beaten to the punch by Danni, until Adam came to stand in front of her. Would you like to come with me? He asked, holding his hand out to the blonde girl.
 
Yeah. Hope smiled brightly, taking his hand, and he led them up the stairs, wanting to go somewhere that would be a little more private for their fun.
 
Kelly just had to give a certain look to Karen, and they knew exactly what the other girl was thinking. They ended up coming together in the middle of the room and started making out as they both lowered to the floor.
 
Eddy became mesmerized with the two lesbians on the floor in front of him, which made him the first to cum. It had been a miracle he had even lasted that long with what Danni was doing to him. After only about a minute, he found himself getting hard again, still watching as Kelly was now down in between Karens legs. He glanced over at Danni, who gave him a quick smirk before beginning to jerk him off again.
 
So, how should we do this? Lilly asked Cody, bashfully twisting her foot back and forth while holding her hands together in front of her.
 
Well, um, you could He started whispering so no one else would hear. Give me a blowjob. Since you said you would earlier.
 
Ohhh Lilly blushed really hard. Is... is there somewhere less open we could go?
 
Ummm Cody looked around the room, and then spotted the basement door. Yeah! Follow me! He said excitedly, quickly heading to the door, with the blonde girl following close behind.
 
Shall we begin? Travis asked, raising and lowering his eyebrows a few times.
 
Gwen gave a little giggle. Sure. But you need to take these off first. She pulled at the waistband of his pants a couple times.
 
Travis had his pants down around his ankles quickly, and Gwen took a hold of his erection as soon as he stood back up. She started slowly stroking him, looking deep into his eyes. Youve got a cute dick. She glanced down at it, before looking him in the eye again. Its too bad you boys cant go naked all the time.
 
Aww, what are you talking about? Travis grinned. You girls look way better going naked all the time. Us boys are kind of awkward and ugly, but you girls look really beautiful.
 
Dont sell yourself so short, Travis. I think youre beautiful too. She said too, causing him to blush deeply, but also smile widely. So, you dont mind if I do this, do you? She got down on her knees in front of him.
 
No. Not at all. Travis continued to grin, as Gwen engulfed his penis with her mouth.
 
Down in the basement, Cody and Lilly were both just awkwardly staring at each other, neither sure how to begin. Umm, maybe I should get undressed? Cody finally broke the silence.
 
Um, yeah. Lilly answered pensively. She watched him strip down, until he got to his underpants. Cody?
 
Yeah, Lilly. He answered, a little unease in his voice.
 
Do you like me?
 
Yeah Lilly. Of course. I mean were pretty good friends, right?
 
She furrowed her brow. No, I mean, do you like me, like me?
 
Oh Cody blushed hard, but he managed to whisper out, Yes. which was barely audible to the girl.
 
Yes? Lillys stomach was a knot, until he nodded his head yes. Then a sense of relief washed over her, and she happily grabbed him in a hug, proclaiming, Really!? I like you too!
 
You do!? Cody grinned too, realizing he was being hugged by a naked girl while standing in just in his underwear.
 
Yes! They both smiled at each other, until without really realizing it, they were sharing their first kiss. Oh, umm Lilly said, feeling awkward again once the kiss was broken. Sorry.
 
Cody, however, just grinned at the girl again. Dont apologize. That was really nice. I liked it.
 
You did? She asked. Me too! and she was all smiles again.
 
Lilly, do you really want to give me a blowjob? You dont have to if you dont want to.
 
Oh, well, all I really wanted was to see one of you naked.
 
Well, here. Cody pushed his underwear down his hips, his erection springing free, bobbing a few times in front of him, as he let his underpants fall the rest of the way down.
 
Oh, wow Cody! You were so sweet to let me look earlier. I could tell you were a little embarrassed. I cant believe youre completely naked in front of me right now!
 
Well, um, its really cool seeing you naked all the time. You look gorgeous. I just kind of wanted to return the favor, you know.
 
Oh, thanks. She blushed again at his compliment. So, about that blowjob.
 
Yeah? Cody asked hopefully.
 
Why dont you lie down on the couch, and Ill get started. and she looked at him provocatively.
 
Up in Adams room, Hope had just finished giving Adam the most wonderful hand job of his life. Of course, it was a first for both of them, so neither had much to compare it to, but it had been enjoyable for both all the same.
 
So, can I ask how old you are? Adam was pulling his pants back in place.
 
Im fourteen. I know, I know. I dont look it, but its true.
 
Oh, really? How old are the other girls?
 
Were all fourteen, and in eighth grade.
 
Really? Even Karen?
 
Yeah, even Karen. I know shes kind of small up top. She giggled. Just dont bring it up in front of her. Shes kinda touchy about it.
 
Thanks for the warning. he chuckled. Say, can I ask? You all seemed a little uncomfortable when you first came in. Why did you all decide to come over here? Or did you not know about the rules?
 
We came over because Karen asked us to do it. She told us we would have to be naked while we were here before we left her house.
 
Really? Does Karen have something over you girls? Is she blackmailing you or something? Hope just shook her head no. Then why do you go along with whatever she asks?
 
Cause Karens my friend. She answered, knowing even if she wanted to tell the full truth, she would be unable to do it. And we get to have a lot of fun when we do what she says. Like today for instance. She answered as honestly as she could.
 
Well, I suppose that makes sense. Adam said with a grin. I had a lot of fun too. Thanks for, well, you know.
 
Oh yeah! You too! She gave a cheerful smile. That was the first time I ever got to do that.
 
That was a first for me too.
 
Oh? Nice. Hope let out a giggle.
 
Yep. Although I just had a blowjob from a girl yesterday.
 
Oh really? Well, maybe next time I can do that. and she gave him a coy smirk.
 
Wow! That would be awesome, Hope! Adam came close to give the naked girl a hug. Well, we better get back downstairs. Who knows what the others have gotten up to without my supervision? and he started towards the bedroom door.
 
Youre funny Adam. She said, laughing, and followed him into the hallway.
 
Say, go on ahead. I better check on my sister. I havent seen her in a while.
 
Ok. See you downstairs, Adam. and she gave him a quick kiss on the cheek before heading down the stairs.
 
Adam waited for her to round the corner, before opening the door to his sisters bedroom. He was only mildly surprised about what he found inside. Curled up on her bed together were Abbie and Blake, both still naked, and both fast asleep. He walked over to the foot of the bed, spotting the used condom lying on the floor, and tickled the bottom of his sisters foot.
 
Abbie finally started stirring, turning over to face Blakes direction, and let out a groggy What?
 
Huh? Blake also started to wake up, and then bolted wide awake when he realized the two of them were no longer alone in her room. Adam!
 
Hey guys. Adam just gave the couple a small grin.
 
Blake quickly cupped his hands over his manhood, embarrassed to be caught in such a compromising position. What uh...? He wasnt sure what to say.
 
Adam...? Abbie was basically petrified, thinking about what would happen to her if her mother ever found out about what Blake and she had been up to that afternoon.
 
You guys are lucky Im the one that found you. Imagine if it was Maddie or Timmy. Or even worse, mom.
 
Please dont tell on us, Adam. Abbie begged, getting up from the bed, ready to plead her case.
 
Adam surprised both of them by saying, Relax. Im not going to tell anyone.
 
Abbie gave her brother a perplexed look. Really?
 
Why wouldnt you? Blake added, still lying in place on the bed.
 
Because you two were safe. He glanced over at the condom, making both Abbie and Blake blush even more. And now I know if I ever decide to have a girl up to my room, you will both give me the same courtesy. He said with a grin, before he turned and walked out the door, closing it behind him.
 
Both Abbie and Blake were motionless for a minute, staying in stunned silence, until Blake started to laugh. What are you laughing at? Abbie looked at her boyfriend with shock.
 
Come on, Abbie. He said between laughs. Your brother just caught us in bed, just after we had sex for the first time.
 
I dont see how thats funny. She was, in fact, starting to get angry with him for his laughter.
 
And hes not going to use it against us. Blake still couldn't stop laughing. He just wants a little play time with a girl of his own.
 
Abbie still didnt see the humor in the situation, but at least stopped feeling mad, realizing her brother could have used this information to blackmail her even further. Well, I guess we did dodge a bullet.
 
Exactly. Blake was finally getting his laughter under control, getting up from the bed to stand in front of her, and he took her hands in his. And this means he probably won't be getting us in trouble in the future either.
 
Oh. I didnt consider that. She gave a little giggle. Come on. You better get dressed before my mom really does catch us. Blake quickly put his clothing back on, and then the two headed downstairs, finding everyone else already gathered in the living room.
 
Welp, we should probably get going. Karen said, starting to collect her clothes.
 
Aww. Thats too bad. Eddy moped. Will you be coming back over sometime?
 
Dude, this isnt even your house. Adam chuckled at his classmate.
 
Maybe some time. Karen said. The other blondes were all ready to go, having grabbed their clothes from the pile near the door. See you guys around. She led the girls out the door, and finally they were all able to start dressing themselves once outside.
 
Abbie shut the door, turning back to the group still inside. Wow, Im kinda beat. I think I need a little break after all of that.
 
Yeah, tell me about it. Gwen agreed. Cody, will you come let me into the house now?
 
Yeah, sure. He helped his sister as she collected her clothes, holding them in a bundle as the two headed out the door, the girl content to walk home naked.
 
Im sure mom is wondering where we are too. Blake said.
 
Lilly had already gathered up her own clothes. Yeah, we should probably get home too. and the two siblings were off as well, Blake offering to carry his sisters clothes along the way for her.
 
Travis turned to Eddy. Want to come hang out at my house? My dad won't be home until eight.
 
The two boys were out the door quickly as well, leaving Adam and his sister alone. Go ahead and continue your nap if you want, Abbie. Ive got some homework I need to get done.
 
Homework? Since when do you do homework? Abbie laughed a little.
 
Ha ha, Abbie. Were getting close to the end of the year, and I need to get some of my grades up before then.
 
He was about to walk away, but she stopped him by asking. Adam, youre really not going to tell mom anything about that? About how you caught me and Blake...? She gave him a pleading look, hoping he was really telling the truth earlier.
 
No Abbie. I wont tell anyone. And if it helps you not worry, Ive had two girls up to my room already.
 
Abbie was surprised he would just admit to something like that. What? Who? When?
 
Heather yesterday and Hope today. We were just leaving my room when I came to check on you.
 
Oh wow! Heather!? She was astonished at that news. Who knew my brother was such a ladys man. She laughed.
 
Adam gave a blush, before saying, You know me.
 
Abbie let out another laugh, before pushing her brothers shoulder. Well, I guess thanks for letting me know. Ill keep your secret too. She turned to leave, but then turned back to say. Oh, dont forget about Madeline and Timothy. They should be home pretty soon.
 
Dont worry. Ill keep an eye on them. You can go relax in your room til mom gets home.
 
Thanks Adam. She said, heading up to her room.



