Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 14 - Mikey Gets a Dare (Part 8)

A flood of emotions washed over me as my hormone addled brain sputtered and sparked trying to process this paradigm shift. This intimate little encounter Lucy was orchestrating, which had started out with me risking exposure to just one girl, had somehow morphed into a trio. I had spent all morning in a battle of wills with her; fighting to preserve my modesty while my sister issued more and more embarrassing edicts designed to break me. And like a fish on a hook after a long struggle, I had been drained of my ability to resist. I was powerless to do anything except be dragged along against the current into whatever further humiliation she had in store for me.

Mercifully, Lucy chose that moment to shrink the door's opening again, and the pretty girl, who had been eagerly staring at my naked erection, disappeared from my view. I immediately used the reprieve to look down at my poor, ignored penis. I felt an intense urge to grind my shaft against something - anything to ease the throbbing tension. And the discomfort in my balls was growing unbearable. But I couldn't do much with my hands clasped firmly behind my back. And I knew she was watching me; hoping I would slip up so she could lord her superior self-control over me.

Pitifully, I did the only thing I could in my position. I bent my knees, tilted my pelvis, and pressed my legs together. Immediately, a wave of relief washed over me as my blue balls were squeezed between my thighs. They welcomed any stimulation, no matter how small, to ease the constant tension. My penis did not receive much stimulation from the maneuver. However, it did get squeezed at the base which caused my cock head to bulge larger and redder than I had ever seen it before.

I don't remember doing it, but I must have let out some kind of tiny gasp at the temporary relief. It was enough to draw Lucy's attention. It only took one glance for her to notice and interpret what I was doing with my thighs as an unconventional form of pleasuring myself. How could she not? She had been caught more than once performing a very similar maneuver whenever her own forbidden pussy began crying out for affection.

"Would you excuse me for a moment?" she casually asked the three (or more; God forbid) girls on the porch. Then she closed the door to a sliver and turned to face me. With a vengeful ire in her eyes and an ominous grin on her face, she approached my position.

"I just can't let you out of my sight for a second," she said, with a disappointed tisk.

Not allowed to say anything in response, I begged her with my eyes. I tried my best to communicate how severe my distress had grown in the hope that she would see my distress and have mercy on me. But how many times had I ignored those exact same desperate looks from her? She was having none of it.

Crouching down, she grabbed my feet and made me keep spreading them until they were far enough apart to ensure I couldn't possibly use my thighs to stimulate my sex anymore. Then, ignoring my pitiful whimper, she walked back over to the door. Forced to stand with my feet slightly further apart than my shoulders and my body making an upside-down Y shape made me feel even more exposed and humiliated for some reason. I guess because I wasn't in a natural standing position anymore.

As Lucy moved to open the door again, I closed my eyes and wished for something or someone to save me. I would have settled for a meteor strike or some other natural disaster. But my wish was not granted. As I opened my eyes again, I was forced to live through re-exposing myself to the cute girl all over again.

When our eyes locked just as before, I got a strange sense of Deja vu as her focus shifted, like before, to my embarrassingly aroused member and her mouth fell open in surprise. Something wasn't right. Had I fallen into some sort of humiliating, naked time loop where I would be stuck newly exposing myself to this girl over and over?

Her eyes scanned up and down my nude body as her mouth continued to hang open. Then a blush formed on her cheeks. At least that part was new. But why had she started out acting like she was seeing me for the first time only to have a different reaction part way through the second time? I couldn’t figure out what was going on.

Wondering if I had gone crazy, I forced myself to take a closer look at the girl. Only then did I started to see some irregularities. She was still wearing her plain, brown dress, but her belt was askew and tied sloppily. Her hair was more unruly than before. It looked like she had hastily decided to remove all her bobby pins and let it fall down her back. She stood uncertainly with her toes pointed slightly inward, and one of her socks had fallen down her leg to bunch around her cute little ankle. But most unusually, she had removed her collar altogether!

It wasn't just her looks that had transformed, though. She also seemed to have grown suddenly shy about my nudity. It was almost like, in the brief time that the door had been closed, someone had stolen away her outsized confidence and replaced it with an unsure timidness. Clasping her hands defensively at her waist, she would avert her gaze almost apologetically, looking at the floor as if she had stumbled upon something she knew she shouldn't be looking at. But gradually, her curiosity would get the better of her, and she couldn't resist the urge to lift her eyes and gaze in awe at the naked exhibition of strapping teen virility standing before her. Then, after a few seconds of staring at my turgid cock, she would blush and go back to looking at the floor.

After about the third time doing that, something totally unexpected happened. Another girl who had been standing just out of my view, leaned over, and whispered in her ear. I blinked in surprise as they passed an amused look between them then turned to look at me with identical, dimpled smiles. They were twins!

Several emotions washed over me as the matched pair of pretty, twin girl began admiring my naked assets together. I started to question all my presumptions. I had been wrong about everything ever since that doorbell rang. How many more girls were out their waiting to get a peek at the buck-naked boy? I couldn't guess, but the mere thought made my stomach flutter with anxiety.

Ever since that first girl appeared, my whole body had been threatening to start trembling uncontrollably. It had been a natural reaction to being naked in front of a girl - a primal fear or humiliation. Whatever it was, it was taking immense concentration on my part to keep my twitchy muscles steady. But, temporarily overwhelmed by the revelation of twins, my concentration slipped just for a second. Before I could regain control, my shoulders made a brief shiver.

Both girls noticed, of course. Their hands flew in unison to cover their mouths and their eyes tracked back and forth as the single, intense shudder caused my penis to wave hello. It swayed side to side several inches before coming to rest back where it had started. Then the girls silently looked at each other before snickering quietly.

Apparently, they didn't do a good enough job keeping their newly discovered peep show secret. Pretty soon, someone else noticed the twins trying to mask their tittering giggles and came to investigate. Because Lucy was keeping tight reins on the door gap, the twins were standing in the only spot with an angle on me. They reluctantly ceded their ground, though, as the new visitor, who must have carried some position of authority over them, shooed them out of the way and stepped into the narrow gap.

My heart sank at the appearance of yet another pretty girl. Even worse, this one was older, about my age. Even with no makeup, her natural beauty was impossible to deny. My face flushed just like it did whenever I came into the presence of a hot girl at my school. Only this time, I wasn't wearing any clothes. My humiliation burned as I had to stand perfectly still and endure and ignore the acute urge to cover my nakedness from her.

She was wearing a matching style of plain dress - blue, rather than brown. But being well along in her physical development, her healthy, but equally braless, endowment filled out the bust of her dress much better than the other girls had with theirs. Her long brown hair was more deftly styled - if still a little outdated.

Her initial reaction to finding me naked was very similar to the others. After briefly looking me in the eyes, she dropped her gaze and her mouth opened wide. Once she had recovered from her initial shock, I could practically see the gears turning behind her eyes as she studied my bare body with a curious smile. She was more interested in taking in all I had to offer.

It was almost like I could tell what she was thinking just by reading the expressions on her beautiful face. The first two girls had viewed me as a novelty. They were amused, but too young to fully grasp what a treat they were getting to enjoy. But this girl gladly let her sparkling blue eyes walk all over my naked body.

She appraised my bare feet standing firmly in a wide stance before moving up to appreciate my strong, slightly flexing leg muscles. When she looked at the hairless sack hanging between my open legs, I felt like she could see right through me and tell my heavy balls were incredibly full and aching for release. As for the rest of my middle, she didn't just look at the big, solitary organ thrust helplessly into the air. She also took her time on the other intimate parts of my anatomy that a girl her age would not usually be allowed to see.

She studied the tight tendons around my pubic region and way my narrow hips and flexing bottom kept my pelvis thrust forward prominently. I didn't exactly have a six-pack or anything, but my fit abdomen and flat stomach made a decently nice backdrop for displaying my impressive equipment.

Traveling up my lean, hairless torso, the overall shape of my upper body seemed to please her. Her pretty, pale eyes lingered on the finely toned lines of my chest with small, but noticeable pectoral muscles. Then she moved up past my lanky but broad shoulders to meet my face again.

I was absolutely certain I looked like a naked fool. But her adoring eyes could not lie. I could tell, even with my cheeks and ears burning red under my unkempt mop of brown hair, there was something about my boyish looks that she found attractive. The feeling was beyond mutual. Was it too fast for me to be in love?

Just then, one of the twins - the bold one - edged back in where she could see me. Seeing them side by side, I was struck by the familial resemblance. The twin was obviously shorter and had similar, if less mature, facial and body features. But they shared the same brown hair, long eyelashes, and cute nose. I concluded they had to be related - cousins at least, if not sisters.

She whispered a question into the older girl's ear and they both directed their attention specifically to the area around my midsection. The older girl studied me intensely for a moment. If I had to guess, the topic of her question was either my erection or my lack of pubic hair. I didn't like either of those topics being the subject their secret conversation. But it's not like I had much choice in the matter.

When the older girl had made up her mind about something, she turned and whispered several things back to her younger companion. As she listened to the long response, the young girl's eyes, which were still trained directly on my bulging penis, grew wider and wider. Once her top-secret message was delivered, both girls grinned widely at me then gave each other a conspiratorial nod.

Just then the other twin, apparently upset about being left out of the fun, tried to elbow her way back into position. A brief struggle over the prime naked boy viewing angle ensued and drew the attention of yet another girl. This one was shorter even than the twins and had trouble seeing over Lucy's shoulder what everyone was so interested in.

Seeing just the top of her head, I flinched, not sure I could endure yet another humiliating naked introduction to a cute girl. But knowing I had no choice in the matter, with a deep breath, I resorted to bargaining with myself. It couldn't go on forever, right? After all, how many more girls could there be on that porch? I could get through this, I concluded, psyching myself up for one more embarrassing lap, as long as she didn't invite them inside.

Just then, Lucy spoke loudly, addressing the whole group. "Why don't you all come inside and meet my brother?"

Oh God!


