The Truth about Kathy
Wed Mar 5, 2008 09:3070.105.22.137

Kathy was brought up in a very strict family by two parents who never allowed 
her to make her own choices about much of anything. Her school years were 
hard, trying to please the nun's at the Catholic school she attended and her 
parents, both of which proved to be hard for her but she managed. Then after 
she graduated from college she joined the work force and lived a very orderly 
life but she noticed something missing, she didn't know what it was at the 
time.

Kathy was a very pretty young woman, not drop dead beautiful but never the 
less very pretty, her social life had improved after she left home and college 
and she dated quite a lot but never found what she was seeking but that isn't 
surprising as she didn't know what it was she was missing. That is till she 
met me. Kathy and I dated off and on for about a year and became very close 
friends if not lovers and I began to notice little things about her as time 
past and started to question her about some of them. That was when she told me 
about how she had grown up into the woman she was now. It was later that I 
came to understand what she was missing, or at least what I hoped it was that 
she was missing, the control that she was so used to, the fact of someone else 
telling her what to do and think. I decided that I needed to run some test to 
gage her reactions to what I told her to do. The first of my experiments was 
to try and change the way she dressed, from her background she had always 
dressed very conservatively, never wearing anything that was in anyway 
revealing or sexy to say the least. I decided to spring a shopping trip on her 
over the weekend.

Saturday morning I picked her up and told her what I had planned for the day, 
she like most women enjoyed shopping and to have someone else paying what more could a girl ask for. The first couple of places we went Kathy searched for 
more of what she always wore and I even brought them for her then about lunch 
time I suggested she allow me to pick some outfits for her, she agreed and off 
we went to lunch. After a nice little lunch we headed back to the stores this 
time me doing the choosing, most of what I picked out for her were things that 
most of the younger crowd was wearing, nothing slutty but for her a big 
change. At first Kathy resisted some of my suggestions but when I held my 
ground she accepted them. Not wishing to push to far to fast I control ed my 
urge to see just how far I could push her and settled down. I knew I had to 
act carefully. The rest of the day went very smoothly and when I took her home 
I suggested she wear one of her new outfits tonight when we went out to dinner 
she ask me which one and I picked the most revealing of all, at first she was 
shocked by how much it showed and tried to refuse to wear it, but I told her 
in a no nonsense tone of voice I insisted. Kathy looked at me in a strange way 
and bowed her head saying if that's what I wanted, I told her it was. 

The truth About Kathy 2
Wed Mar 5, 2008 10:2270.105.22.137

When I returned to Kathy's later to pick her up for our date I looked at her 
in her new outfit and told her there was just one little problem that she 
needed to take care of before we left. I took her to her mirror and ask her if 
she could see what was wrong and she said no. I pointed out to her that blouse 
she was wearing was a off the shoulder one and that her bra straps were showing 
and ruining the effect of the top. She blushed and said she had noticed that 
but that she all way wore a bra and had none without straps. I told her then 
the only other option was to go braless tonight so I told her to take it off 
as I walked out of the room. When Kathy came out moments later the bra was 
gone and you could see the sway of her breast and her rock hard pointed 
nipples through the blouse. When we got to the restaurant we were early so we 
had to wait in the bar till our table was ready. Every male eye in the place 
was on Kathy as she made her way to the bar with me and when she sat down on 
the bar stool her skirt creep-ed up showing just a hint of thigh. When Kathy 
noticed she blushed slightly knowing that she had to keep her legs tightly 
together or she would be showing her panties, I knew it too. It wasn't long 
before our table was ready and we went into the main dining room for our meal. 
Over dinner we had the typical small talk and I noticed that Kathy was 
becoming more relaxed. We talked about her job, the weather and everything 
else as we finished our meal and had a after dinner drink. I suggested that we 
hit a club I knew she liked and off we went for dancing and more drinks.

At the club I paid close attention to the looks she got from other men and to 
how she was dealing with it. On the dance floor her swaying breast making 
every effort to come free was driving me crazy, when we got back to our table 
I leaned over and kissed her telling her she was the best looking girl in the 
place, again Kathy blushed. I ask her if she trusted me and she smiled sweetly 
saying of course. I ask her to remove her panties for me. Shock spread over 
her face and I worried I had pushed to hard to soon and had blown what might 
have been a good thing. Then she slide her chair back and stood up I knew it 
was just a matter of time before she slapped my face but no she turned and 
headed to the women's room. When she returned she took her seat and slowly and 
shyly reached across the table and placed her damp panties in my hand. My 
heart jumped up in my throat and I smiled as I lifted them to my nose.

When we got back to her place she told me that she had never felt so alive in 
all her life, but at the same time so embarrassed and so horny. I ask her if 
she wanted to keep the feeling going and she admitted she did. I ask her if 
she was willing to follow my instructions to the letter from now on and again 
she agreed, 


The Truth About Kathy 3
Wed Mar 5, 2008 12:0270.105.22.137

I spent the night there with Kathy as I explained to her what I had figured 
out about her. That all of her life she had been trained to please others at 
the cost of her ability to please herself. I told her that unlike the nuns at 
school or her parents I wanted her to become much more outgoing and more open 
to new things. I also promised to protect her if needed and to keep her safe. 
I ask her about her fantasy's and told her to tell me all of her deepest 
darkest secrets. For the next couple of hours she told me of all her dreams 
and desires and I admit I was the one shocked by them. I won't bother to list 
them now as that would spoil part of the story I think, but you will find them 
out as the story goes on.

After hearing her tell her side of things we went to bed and I confess we made 
love, not had sex because I was really falling for her. The next morning when 
I woke up and looked over Kathy was sound asleep with a smile on her face and 
a look of pure bliss. The covers had been kicked off so I had a perfect view 
of her body, her firm breast, her narrow waist her flaring hips and her 
womanhood covered by a mass of untrimmed pubic hair. I kissed her and again we 
made love and when we both had come back down from the enjoyment of the sex I 
told her we needed to set some rules. The first rule was that she was to shave 
that jungle of her and keep it free of hair at all times with the exception of 
a small landing strip as I liked to call it and that I wanted that done at 
once. I told her to go and shave while I made us coffee. When she had showered 
and brushed her teeth and had completed her grooming as instructed she walked 
into the kitchen wearing her robe with it tied loosely around her waist. I 
looked at her and ask if she had done as I told her and she answered yes and 
without my having to tell her she opened the robe to show me. Damn I thought 
to myself just how lucky can one man be. I handed her a cup of hot fresh 
coffee and told her to have a seat as I went over her new rules. Now in all 
fairness I admit I was new to this but like most men I had some ideas about 
where I wanted to go with this and after hearing her wants and needs earlier 
this morning I knew that none of them would be to much for her if I was 
patient. I explained that when she was here in here apartment or at my house 
she was to be naked at all times, as soon as that was out of my mouth she 
stood and dropped the robe to the floor and kicked off her slippers. The next 
rule was that she would bag up all of her underwear with the exception of a 
couple of sets which we would pick out from what she had or we wood buy ones 
that I approved of. Next I told her we would go through her clothes and only 
the ones I approved of would be kept , the rest would be going to the Goodwill 
Store unless they could be altered to fit my taste. Kathy had few questions 
about my rules and the ones she had I answered to the best of my ability but 
told her that as we both became more accustom to this they would change.

Later during the day after we had gone through her clothing and sorted out 
what was going for sure and what might be altered to fit my plans I told Kathy 
that she needed to realize that once things got started there was no turning 
back, if she balked or refused anything I ask of her I would walk out and 
never return, I held my breath and prayed as I waited for her answer. 
Thankfully it was soon in coming and it was yes, what ever I wanted she would 
do. 


The Truth About Kathy 4
Wed Mar 5, 2008 15:0770.105.35.119

The next few weeks came and went with no problems as I had decided to take my 
time and do this right. I found myself spending more time at her place or with 
her at mine. Each day it was the same , when she got home from work as soon as 
she was inside she removed her clothing and either hung it up or put it in the 
laundry were it could be washed and ready for next time. At her apartment I 
played it safe but when she stayed at my place all bets were off. Kathy took 
the trash out naked and picked up the mail in the evening and the paper in the 
morning the same way.

Then came the first real test for Kathy, a party at my place. I had just 
gotten a huge contract approved that assured me a promotion and a size able 
raise in pay and that I was throwing a party to celebrate it. I told her that 
she was to think of it as her coming out party also as I wanted her to invite 
her friends and some of her co-worker we knew to it also. You should have seen 
the look on her face, she was beet red from her head to the tips of her pretty 
toes. Kathy in shock ask if I was serious, what would her friends and 
co-workers think and what about mine, plus she added she knew that my family 
would be there. I told her that I was dead serious, then she ask if I intended 
to have her naked at the party the whole time, I told her yes and reminded her 
of our agreement, no refusals or else, that took the wind out of her sails.

The party was a roaring success as her friends and mine, plus he co-workers 
and my family all got to watch as I on bended knee purposed to her and ask her 
to be my wife, thankfully for me she said yes.





 