Katie's Adventures
by JW

Katie's First Adventure

The night air hit Katie like a Mack truck as she stepped onto the front porch with the quietness of a door mouse. She told herself for the first attempt she would limit herself to the front yard and street in front of her house. That way if she changed her mind or someone or a car were to come she would be able to run for the backyard and be safe.

The first step was closing the door behind her which she did with a nervous excitement; hearing the ‘click’ of the latch meant she was outside completely. Katie couldn’t believe she was on her front porch in the night air completely naked.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this, I can’t believe I’m doing this” was all Katie could say to herself as she nervously leaned forward and craned her neck in an attempt to look down the street for any signs of life.

Although it was almost 3am, she wasn’t sure if anyone would be up coming home from a late shift at work, or party, or whatever. Normally, Katie would be sound asleep at this time on a school night so she wasn’t familiar with the normal activities of early morning.

Katie decided the coast was clear and took two more steps forward. She was now off the porch and in the front yard. Katie looked down at herself transfixed by the way her naked body looked in the glow of the streetlight in front of her house and the way it reacted to the light breeze gently caressing every inch of her bare skin. Katie could see every goose bump as she slowly scanned her stomach and moved on to her b cup breasts. Although she didn’t have large nipples, she did note that they were very erect, and very hard sticking straight out like little pencil erasers. Katie then felt a curious tingle on the inside of her thighs and turned her attention to her pubis area. The wisps of blonde pubic hair did nothing to shield the breeze from stimulating the little bud that was slowly peeking out from the folds of her outer vaginal lips. Katie turned around and could make out the same goose bumps on her ass as were on her stomach. She was also glad that she shaved during her shower tonight as the streetlight accentuated every little thing.

The sensations continued on to her toes where she could feel the coolness of the dew that formed on the grass. Katie loved the way it felt on between her toes. At this point, Katie looked at the only thing she was wearing and saw that it was 3:10.

“It’s already been ten minutes, time to go to the street”. With that thought Katie precariously walked the ten yards to the street and stood on the curb. She could clearly see down the road both ways and saw nothing but parked cars on both sides of the road and a stray cat running across the street.
Katie then walked out and stood directly under the street light making no attempt to cover up. She was standing out in all her naked glory and she was getting excited. The feelings that were coming over her were indescribable; she looked down one end of the street and saw her bus stop. 

“In just four hours I’m going to be standing there waiting for the bus talking to Brooke and Missy; and no one will know that I was out here naked early in the morning”. A small grin grew across Katie’s lips at the thought of the prospect.

Looking to her right, she eyed Billy Walker’s house who has been her arch-enemy since the first grade. Billy never missed an opportunity to put gum in her hair, or trip her when they got off the bus, or knock her books out of her arms. And now, just a mere two or three hundred feet away, he was sleeping through the naked spectacle that was Katie. A larger, more sinister, grin formed on Katie’s lips.

Katie looked at the other houses on her block. Mr and Mrs Wilson lived next door and were always outside gardening; Katie wondered what they would think of her being outside naked right now. Directly across the street was old man White. He was probably the meanest man around and absolutely hated kids. His yard has a tall fence around it with no trespassing signs attached every 6 feet; he definitely wouldn’t approve of Katie’s little outing. The rest of the neighborhood was made up of young couples or families with kids Katie’s age or younger.

The barking dog caused Katie to jump. She wasn’t expecting it and, after a quick eyeball search of the neighborhood, decided the dog was probably Max who lived four houses down. He was probably barking at a raccoon or something. Katie started walking toward her bus stop, keeping close to the curb and constantly looking over her shoulder for anything that moved. She must have walked this walk a million times to the bus stop and she never gave any thought to her senses. Katie felt every step her feet made on the pavement. And with each step there was a corresponding jiggle of her breasts reminding her of just how naked she was. She heard every little puff of the breeze on the trees and distant dogs barking; she even thought she heard the engine of a car off in the distance. Her eyes were even tuned to her surroundings. A cat darted across the road ahead of her and to her right. It wasn’t out in the open, but she still detected the movement and honed in on the target. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest and thought it might explode at any minute. A strong gust came up and Katie became aware of one more sensation; it felt like her crotch was wet. She put her hand down there to check it out and she couldn’t believe that she was that wet. She knew what it meant; after all she went to the required family awareness and sex education classes last semester. She just couldn’t believe that she was aroused like this. As these thoughts went through her head she became aware realized that she was sliding her middle finger up and down the crack of her vagina making her even wetter down there.

Katie stopped at her bus stop which was also a playground with a slide, swings, bouncy horses, and monkey bars. She decided she wanted to play for a bit. First she went to the bouncy horses which she rarely got to use because Mike and Chris were usually sitting on them before she got to the bus stop. She hopped on the blue one and started rocking back and forth. The cold metal on her outer lips made her let out a barely audible gasp but soon she was rocking away. The rocking sensation of the horse against the bud that was her clit was all the encouragement she needed to keep going. She never had an orgasm when she played with it in the shower and wondered if she would experience one tonight. Unfortunately, she stopped when she felt she had to pee and sat there disappointed. She got off the horse and couldn’t believe she completely covered the metal saddle with her juices.

“Mike sure is gonna be lucky if he picks this horse to sit on in the morning” she thought.

Then she figured why leave Chris out and she sat on the next horse repeating what she did the first time; all the way til she felt she needed to pee. She got off the horse and was pleased that she was able to cover that saddle in her juices as well.

Katie felt like she took enough chances this night and decided she better get back to the safety of her bedroom before she got caught. With a huge grin on her face, she skipped back to her house already planning her next outing and occasionally glancing down to her chest and impressing herself at how her breasts jiggled with each skip. She couldn’t wait to get to the bus stop to see Mike and Chris sitting on their horses not having a clue they were sitting on the gifts she left especially for them.

~End~


Katie ~ The Next Night


Katie’s knee bounced a mile a minute as she waited for the final bell to ring announcing the end of the school day. Her day was nothing but a blur ever since she got to the playground this morning. Just as she had predicted, Mike and Chris were sitting on the bouncy horses and it looked like Chris was absent mindedly scraping something off of his saddle with a thumbnail as he sat and talked about sports and whatever else boys talked about. Katie couldn’t help to wonder if it was the dried remains of her juices from earlier. Just the thought started her on a replay of her first adventure and filled her with the desire for another, and perhaps, much longer adventure.

The bell finally rang and Katie lunged from her desk and made a bee line right to her bus. She was about to step on when Billy appeared from her blind spot.
“Honk! Outta the way loser”! Billy exclaimed as he threw an elbow into her side jumping ahead of her. Katie gave a sigh and thought about how much she hated Billy. On the way home she thought about what her adventure will be tonight; things like how long, should she hang out at the park again, what if Max barks and wakes someone up, or worse yet what if he were to wake Billy up? 

Katie knew that if Billy were to see her naked that it would be all over the school the very next day. The thought horrified her and gave her excited chills all at the same time. And the bad part is that she wouldn’t know it until it was too late. Billy’s house was not far from her own and next door to Max’s owner’s house; Billy could very well wake up and look out his window to see what the barking was about. Instead he would see a naked girl, perhaps, walking by his house. He would see her body in the glow of the street light and he would see her small B cup breasts and pink areolas with nipples the size of pencil erasers hard and sticking straight out. He may even detect a firm jiggle as she walked down the street. Billy would also see that she was a natural blonde because of the light wisps of pubic hair that really didn’t hide anything of her puffy vaginal lips. He would watch as she walked past and he would see a firm round ass that gave only a slight jiggle as she walked. And the worst part yet is that as he looked up at the girl he would discover that it was Katie!

The jolt of the school bus stopping snapped Katie out of her trance which seemed all too real judging from how fast her heart was beating. Katie got off the bus and headed for her house. As she walked, she started eyeing places that could be safe points should she need to run for cover during her “walk”. Better to scope them out during the day than to try and find them at night, she thought.

The first was the slide at the playground; the long tube would make a perfect hiding place, she figured she would test it out later just to make sure. Next she spotted a group of bushes by the mailbox of a house 4 doors further down from the playground; that would make a good hiding spot too. Katie turned around and started walking towards her house; she eyed Billy’s house and thought about where she might hide if she were to head to the other end of the block. She couldn’t help but to think more about the possibility of Billy seeing her.

“What if he takes pictures of me, or even worse, what if he played with himself while watching me? Katie grimaced.

“Would he imagine cumming all over me, or in me even?” Katie couldn't stand the thought and she forced herself to think about something else. Unfortunately, the tingle between her legs told her that her body had a different opinion.

Katie figured she would limit her walks to the one end of the block where her bus stop was; at least until she could identify some hiding places and how to deal with the possibility of being seen by Billy.

The rest of the day was an agonizing blur for Katie. She could barely concentrate on her homework and she nearly got in trouble at dinner for not hearing her brother ask her to pass the bread. She was so busy thinking about what was to come that she completely zoned out and didn’t come back to reality until she heard her mother yelling her name.

“Katie Lynn, I don’t know where you are tonight but you had better return to earth!” Katie’s mom yelled. “You’ve been silent all night; what’s gotten in to you?” she asked.

Katie was silent, not knowing what to say.

“Katie Lynn answer me this second or you can go to bed right now young lady!” her mother retorted.

“Nothing mother, just have my mind on my history project. I want to get a really good grade so it’s been my priority. Sorry, I’ll pay more attention.” Katie replied as she passed the bread to her brother. Katie’s mom seemed to accept the answer she was given and even offered Katie help with ideas if she needed it.

Katie replied with a simple “Thanks mom” and went back to going over the route she would take tonight, complete with visualizing her identified hiding spots.

The air was a soupy mix of humidity and warm air that seemed to settle on Katie’s body giving it a glistening sheen in the light of the full moon. Once again Katie looked over her naked body while standing in her front yard. For whatever reason, she thought that her tan lines were especially highlighted by the moonlight tonight and she thought her breasts looked kinda sexy because of it. She looked down at her pubic mound and around to her butt and thought the same thing because of the tan lines as well. She was especially proud of her butt because it was the perfect rounded size for her body and it looked especially good in bikini bottoms and jeans.

“Oh well, let’s get this show on the road”. She smiled at her statement; she was putting on a show and her audience was dead asleep, or so she hoped!

Heading towards the park, Katie thought it best that she not stop on the way down the block but to continue on passed it. She also thought that she would walk smack dab in the center of the road. This would allow her to run left or right if she were in danger of being seen and it would allow enough space on either side to make her feel like she is completely in the open. That part was already having an effect on Katie. She could feel the wetness building between her thighs and her clit and outer lips becoming engorged with excitement. Her nipples were reacting too; they were so hard that they were on the verge of hurting. Kind of like when her boobs started growing and filling out. Katie decided this was a good kind of hurt and walked on. As she walked she couldn’t help but to knead her boobs almost instinctively as she did when she was going through puberty.

Katie took a few more steps when she froze. The beams of a car’s headlights were piercing her body from behind. She knew that she was probably lit up plain as day and she had to move. She ran to her left where a vacant lot offered some shrubs that were hopefully tall enough to hide her. The lot used to be a house that burned down in a fire when Katie was little and the owners never rebuilt.

Mr. Willis was tired and he just wanted to get home. He had a long day at the hardware store and his feet and back were killing him. Coming around the corner to his street he knew to put his bright lights on because there’s always a cat, raccoon, possum, or something darting out in the street. Last time he came home this late, he hit a raccoon and it did all sorts of damage to his bumper and underneath. As he turned the corner and turned on his brights, there she was plain as day. He was staring straight at a naked blonde haired girl in the middle of the street. He closed his eyes and opened them and sure enough there she was, or at least there the back of her was. He could plainly make out the tan lines where a bikini bottom usually was and the strap marks from the top, except there were no bottoms or top. He saw the round little butt of a girl and when she took off toward the vacant lot he also saw the side of her left boob. He couldn’t make out who it was as he drove closer to the left side of the road and vacant lot hoping to catch another glimpse of her.

Katie scrambled into the lot looking for a shrub big enough to hide her from the approaching car, but it didn’t seem to go her way. She had no choice but to lay flat on her stomach and stay as still as possible behind the biggest little shrub she could find. As the car approached she could see that it had slowed down and was close to the curb. She knew the driver was looking for her and she held her breath.

Just as she thought things couldn’t get any worse, she felt something crawling up the inside of her thigh. It was all she could do to bite her lip to keep from alerting the driver to her whereabouts. The whatever it was made it’s way up her inner thigh and was getting very close to her outer lip which, by now, was so engorged it created a little wall for the creature. Katie knew this because it kept bumping into her lip, stopping, and trying a different place to pass. Eventually, the creature gave up and decided the easiest way up was up her butt cheek.

Mr. Willis looked intently but saw nothing; he could only assume that whoever she was had run through some backyards and got away. He sped up and went about his way, the whole time thinking of the little white butt in his headlights.

After the car left, Katie jumped up and started wiping her butt and legs hoping to get the crawly thing off of her. She couldn’t even tell if it was still there because she felt crawly all over. Katie decided a close call and a bug were enough excitement for one night and headed straight home. She wished she had made her goal of making it to the end of the block, but she figured there were plenty of other nights coming up and an entire summer vacation to look forward too!


