The Flight of Pleasure
by Pink Sugar ©

"What the hell am I going to do on this six hour flight?" I thought as I 
wandered through the airport. 

I had been on a plane ride twice before in my life and both times were 
only two hour flights. Of course I brought a couple of Cosmo magazines 
with me, but those only peak my interest for about fifteen minutes each. I 
usually flip directly to the sex advice articles and laugh at the lame 
things they suggest. I'm really not an avid reader but I thought this 
would probably be a good opportunity to buy a book to read. 

I passed by a Barnes and Noble and immediately headed towards the Sex & 
Relationship section. Perusing the selection I spotted some erotica books. 
What a perfect way to spice up the plane ride by indulging in some hot and 
heavy reading. I purchased a compilation of erotic short stories; I knew 
this would help pass the time. 

After boarding the plane, I quickly found my seat. Of course I had 
selected the seat by the window previously when I purchased the ticket 
online. It was warm in the plane and I figured I'd better get comfortable 
immediately before the other passenger entered my row. I took off my cream 
colored pea coat and stuffed it in the overhead compartment. 

For the trip I decided that comfort was key. I wore black fitted 
sweatpants with a matching zip-up sweatshirt with a teal t-shirt 
underneath. Hiding under my outfit was my favorite bra and panty set from 
the Gap. It's such a cute set: white with multicolored polka dots. I 
wasn't wearing much makeup, just some glittery pink lip gloss. Before I 
left the house I completed my low maintenance look with a quick spray of 
my Pink Sugar cotton candy aromatic perfume. I pulled my long blonde hair 
back into a clip and sat back down in my seat. 

Watching all the people file into plane and disperse into their rows, I 
wondered who would be sitting next to me. I was sure hoping for an 
attractive guy, but usually one can never be so lucky. Shortly thereafter 
a gray haired, distinguished older man entered the row and sat down next 
to me. Oh goody, I love older men. I smiled up at him as he got himself 
situated.

"Do you mind if I turn on the overhead light?" He asked.

"No, not at all, I'm going to do some reading so I'll need it too." I 
replied, smiling.

I had stashed my pink backpack under the seat in front of me. After the 
plane took off I decided that it was time to start some reading, since the 
book had at least 500 pages of smut waiting to be read. I pulled the 
backpack up into my lap and retrieved my new purchase. I wondered if my 
new companion noticed my book; he would have to be blind not to notice the 
silhouette of a naked woman against a black background and the word 
"erotica" in hot pink lettering.

Out of my peripheral vision I could tell he was busy reading his newspaper 
wearing a pair of classic old guy reading glasses. Secretly, I hoped he 
was curious about what the young, sassy blonde sitting next to him was 
indulging in and that he took a quick peep at my book out of the corner of 
his eye.

Flipping through the book I came across a story that described a couple's 
lunch time sexual encounter. The wife, a professional, met her husband at 
a construction site he was working at. She was wearing a business suit and 
he was all dirty, hot and sweaty from working. They ended up in an 
unfinished home he was working in. He tied her to an unfinished kitchen 
island and teased her mercilessly, saying how he would leave her there 
tied up for his workers to use for their pleasure. Finally, after she 
begged, he fucked her, all the while leaving her restrained. He came 
inside her and let his cum drip out of her pussy and run down her legs. It 
was such an incredibly hot and dirty story. I couldn't help but picture 
myself in the situation.

Throughout the story, my clit began to feel tingly, that familiar aching, 
wanting, needing feeling. It begged to be touched. I needed to touch it, 
rub it and soothe my desires. Glancing around, I noticed there were people 
all around me. There were probably at least 150 people on the plane. Could 
I cum on a plane full of people? Would they know? Would they care? Could I 
be quiet enough?

All I knew was that I had to satisfy my burning desire. My face was 
already flushed from being aroused. Quickly, I unzipped my black 
sweatshirt and laid it across my lap. I tossed the book in my backpack and 
pushed it under the seat in front of me. Tilting my head towards the 
window, I closed my eyes pretending to be asleep. 

Slyly, I inched my right hand under the elastic waistband of my sweats 
ever so slowly. The sweatshirt was covering my lap, so no one could really 
tell what I was doing. My fingers soon encountered my cotton knickers, 
another barrier to cross, dammit! My fingers pushed through and brushed 
across my trimmed blonde pubic hair. Almost there! Finally, my finger tips 
reached my moist, warm pussy lips. God, it felt so good to touch them! I 
lightly traced my finger over the lips, teasing myself. 

I could feel my face getting even more hotter and pinker. I felt warm and 
sweaty. I wondered if my companion could feel the heat radiating off my 
body. I really just wanted to rip off all of my clothes right there, turn 
and face him, spread my legs wide open and just rub one off right in front 
of him. Unfortunately, I don't think the flight attendants or other 
passengers would be too pleased, so it would have to remain a fantasy. 

Pushing my middle finger further down my slit, it reached my pussy hole 
and was instantly drenched with warm, silky wetness. Slowly I traced a 
circle around the hole pushing just a fingertip inside. Unconsciously, my 
hips pushed forward slightly hoping to fuck my finger. Quickly, I realized 
I better pay more attention otherwise I would get caught. A little bit of 
movement could be masked as shifting of my body during sleep, but not the 
full-on wild thrusting that my cunt so desired.

It was such a thrilling feeling rubbing my hot pussy with a stranger 
sitting three inches from me. I was dying to know what thoughts were 
running through his mind. Did he have any idea that my hand was down my 
pants rubbing my pussy? The thought made me so excited and aroused... I 
had to rub my clit! It felt like it was on fire burning with excitement.

Pulling my middle finger up my slit, my body instantly tensed up as my 
finger tip glided up and over my clit and I exhaled raggedly. It is so 
unbelievably sensitive right underneath. I wished I could have used my 
other hand and spread open my lips exposing the tip better, but I would 
just have to deal in my situation. 

Slowly and steadily I rubbed my clit in circles then side to side. I tried 
to control my breathing and keep myself quiet. I had to bite my lower lip 
as the sensitivity increased. My clit felt electric, I felt waves of 
pleasure and tingles, sometimes to the point I thought I would cum, and 
then I backed off. It was so wet if I moved my finger too fast, I'm sure 
my companion would hear the squishiness. 

My nipples were so damn hard; I could feel they were poking through the 
fabric of my t-shirt. I could feel them being constricted against my bra. 
Could my companion see that they were hard? I wish he did and would reach 
over with his right hand and pull on my left nipple right through my shirt 
with his thumb and forefinger. Then maybe he could lift up my t-shirt, 
pull the cup of my bra aside and lick my nipple with his tongue. I wanted 
him to suck on them, pulling the nub into his mouth and maybe even biting 
with his teeth. I loved the thought of a distinguished gentleman sucking 
on my nipples like a little baby, it made my pussy cream.

The confined space, the secret I was hiding and my dirty thoughts were 
driving my crazy, I had to cum! I began rubbing my clit feverishly. I 
didn't care about a thing in the world at that moment. My back was arching 
forward pushing my clit against my fingertip. I could feel the sensations 
building; I squeezed my muscles at a steady pace, again and again. Then I 
could feel them start to quiver, I couldn't continue at that pace, my 
orgasm was taking over. I bit my lip very hard as my pussy contracted 
uncontrollably, as waves of pleasure emanated from my swollen, throbbing 
clit out towards the rest of my body. I wanted to moan loudly, scream how 
I wanted to be fucked, but I had to hold it in. 

Breathing heavily, I came back to reality and opened my eyes. I felt like 
I had just encountered a wild hurricane, but all was well in the cabin. 
Everyone was reading, watching a movie or listening to music, minding 
their own business. My companion was still thumbing through his newspaper 
nonchalantly. My hand was still down my pants and I retrieved it slowly. 
My middle finger was covered in pussy juice and I did my best to wipe it 
off on the inside of my knickers and sweatpants. 

As my hand returned to the outside world, my companion had to smell my 
pussy. Any man can distinguish that smell, the true scent of a woman. I 
brought my finger to my mouth and sucked the rest of the juice off, a 
sweet and tangy taste. I hoped that he saw that through his peripheral 
vision. Excusing myself, I got up and went to the bathroom. I walked by 
all of the passengers with a bright, flushed face and fingers smelling of 
pussy. 

As I closed the door in the bathroom and removed my sweatpants and 
knickers, I encountered the silky, sticky wetness from my orgasm all over 
my thighs. My knickers were soaked. I stroked my clit a couple more times; 
it was super sensitive but felt so good. I quickly washed my hands, left 
the bathroom and headed back to my seat.

When I arrived at my row, I tapped my companion on the shoulder and he 
stood up to let me back into my seat. 

"Are you alright, your face is awfully flushed?" he questioned in a 
concerned tone.

"Oh I'm quite fine, I just get a little pink now and then," as I flashed a 
huge grin.

"Ok Miss, just checking," he smiled back at me.

As I settled back into my seat feeling refreshed and relaxed, I smiled 
devilishly, retrieved my book and continued on the flight of pleasure. 

