Sophie’s New Secret Hobby
by chundingdetected

Sophie begins to have certain sensations that she decides to mitigate, going out to walk alone under a rainy night where she will discover that she has acquired a secret and pleasant new hobby.

Sophie walked around campus, the course was finally over. Days before she went to celebrate with her friends Mary and Lucy, which without planning led them to have a night too out of the ordinary, because a night of celebration and joy, made them go through a fight with two other women, losing all their clothes in the fight resulting in a rough and wet return to her friend Mary's house.

Sophie could not stop thinking about that sensation that brought her in the elevator that night , she had never felt so excited and scared at the same time, it seemed such a contradictory sensation to such a degree that at times it was a bit uncomfortable.

She arrived at the building where she lived and when she entered her apartment, she thought that by reading that whirlwind of contradictory sensations that were so insistently tackling her could be mitigated a bit. Seeking the text more dense she could to get his mind off the place where she was.

She was not very successful with the reading and doubts kept haunting her. Summer was starting and it was getting a little warm, even though it was already night. She was watching a bit of television and after a while, the same idea completely invaded her space, she lay down and tried to sleep. A couple of hours later, she woke up agitated, went to drink some water and tried to calm down.

The night was a pronounced silence, began to rain, Sophie stared at her window as the rain penetrated all the outside do not see anyone outside, "for the hour and the rain , " she said so herself.

Her pulse began to shake, this sensation grew stronger and stronger in her heartbeat, now she was really restless, she looked out of the window again which was beginning to mist, she took off her T-shirt and with it she cleaned the glass, on the glass the light played with the images distorted by the raindrops giving her an ethereal reflection of herself who for instants was as if the image she perceived of her in her pink panties was out there holding her cup under the rain in an unpolluted condition.

And there was that heat, the same heat she felt that night in the elevator of the building where Mary lives. Sophie took off her panties, took the key to her apartment, left it under the entrance mat and once naked in the hallway, she started to go downstairs to get to the lobby.

Everything was deserted, she could have used the elevator, but Sophie needed to move, she went out to the street and in the rain began to run, she took the direction where the vegetation was denser, making a deal with the trees , silent witnesses of time and its after, who could gladly keep the secret.

She kept running for several minutes in the rain, at times she was just jogging, the heat she felt inside was still there, the water sliding on his naked skin did not mitigate that heat, he was already far away from his apartment, nobody appeared in his way and it started to stop raining, and she had to go back to her apartment.

Sophie had about an hour walking that park near the campus, soon that heat that invaded her left as it arrived, Sophie stopped and came to herself . She felt naked while the cold of that immense night embraced her , she had been jogging for a long time, she needed to rest a little, she began to feel remorse for having followed her impulses, but only in that way did she find some calm, she felt liberated for the first time time in all those days . Now she had to go home, the temperature dropped a little, it was almost dawn , Sophie knew that she was still very far away and she was thinking of some way to return as soon as possible , the fear of being discovered was beginning to invade her and at the same time she felt a little excited, so she continued walking back in a calm way, she had to keep moving so that the cold before dawn did not overcome her.

Soon her body had dried up , Sophie kept walking until the area with vegetation in her path ended, she crossed the street at a brisk pace entering a clearly urbanized area located very close to the campus.

In the distance she saw someone who was walking, she could not distinguish who it was, he was not coming in the same direction, that person turned the next corner out of sight.

Sophie continued on her way for several minutes, she saw the lights of a car in the distance, she began to feel nervous to be seen and she hid behind a tree that was nearby, she saw the car go by and she was sure she had not been seen, The cold made her nipples erect, it was reflected in the glass of a car parked on that street, she contemplated herself for an instant , in the reflection she could only be seen from the waist up and she was very proud of her C cup breasts, the cold kept increasing and it was beginning to dawn, Sophie began to run, she was already very close to her building.

After a few minutes she walked into the lobby, she felt a little tired and chose to take the elevator, before the doors opened, she felt that she was not alone.

Sophie"! She heard her call, she felt a cold lightning bolt that ran through her from head to toe and swirled around her belly. She was so close and had been discovered by someone she knew.

She turned around and it was David, a boy who lived on the same floor as her and with whom she had dated a few times, he never got to be anything serious although they liked each other, theirs had not been able to be due to the intensity of the classes in that semester . David came jogging in the park , was wearing tiny s horts and a shirt without sleeves commemorating the last tour of the Rolling S tones .

Sophie greeted him, she was a bit nervous because they had caught her naked, something that deep down she wanted to happen.

Sophie .- you go up? David nodded and they entered the elevator together.

David was surprised to find Sophie naked, it didn't bother him but on the contrary, this was always part of his wish list when he went out dating with Sophie months ago, at most they had kissed a couple of times, and given the situation at that time He felt a bit nervous and tried to hide it, although each second lengthened its duration 10 times its real time, Sophie had an athletic figure and of great attractiveness, her carefully shaved pubic bush was visible , the wetness of her brown hair & her olive eyes, gave her a lot of freshness increasing that sensual and feminine image that would captivate anyone.

Both looked and it was extremely difficult for everyone to hide their emotions, Sophie had once more that inner fire invading inside and nights felt back when she and her friends came naked to the building where Mary lives, began to feel the warm moisture that went down from her vagina to her thighs, remembering her friend Lucy, she got a bit naughty to break that tension when she noticed that David was also somewhat excited , because the tiny shorts were insufficient at that time to host that party that David began to host. have in there.

Sophie .- oh naughty boy, so you are very happy to see me ! .

David was flushed and nodded.

Sophie .- I see that you went jogging, I was also exercising.

The elevator door opened, they were already at Sophie's apartment .

Sophie , you might want to come with me for juice. You need to rehydrate.

Sophie then could no longer contain herself more , between her legs were getting more moisture, this began to drain and become more evident. Sophie turned to go to her apartment and that David did not see how excited she was, a bit of a laugh if we see it from outside, Sophie was already naked and hinting at herself, what difference did it make if David saw that his hostess was soaked ?

David followed Sophie to her apartment, with excitement he could barely walk. Sophie continued with her romp for a while longer , because upon entering the apartment she went to the kitchen and served David the juice she had promised, Sophie was enjoying that David was watching her, so she offered to make him breakfast . Sophie accumulated all that heat that had been disturbing her and learned to handle it in the last hours by assuming complete control of the situation .

Poor David would have a good time waiting to anchor his cravings on Sophie , which finally happened after a few hours, and after taking a bath, Sophie was finally able to sleep peacefully.

