Dares at the Beach
by yellowjacket66

Wife is dared to take a walk, naked.

"I dare you to walk down the beach, naked." Sean said. He just wanted to see if I would do it.

We were at a clothing optional beach on the lake near our home. We had gone there a few times and I had sunbathed topless back in the dunes while my husband kept watch. We were there on a summer weekend and Sean had convinced me to get topless and even to lay on my back with my tits exposed to the sun and anyone who walked nearby. Friends of ours, Carol and her husband Jeff, were with us. They are a mixed-race couple; he is black and she is a blue-eyed blonde. She is a wild one. She has no problem being naked on the beach and has danced naked at some of our parties.

The people at the beach are necessarily liberal with some voyeurs included. Some guys come to gawk at the naked women so the informal rule is that no unaccompanied men are acceptable. Any such men are harassed off the beach, so the convention is adhered to.

Sean was putting lotion on me, rubbing my nipples and getting me hotter than from just the sun. When he pulled on my bikini bottom, I reached down to stop him, but then relented. He pulled the bottom off and I was nude. He made sure to put lotion on my pussy, an excessive amount to be truthful. It felt good laying there like that. I like being naked and being naked in public. Our dares had involved risky situations where I had to be very clever to avoid being seen. On other occasions, I was just naked for other people to see. Whatever the situation, Sean and I loved each other and would enjoy extremely passionate love-making for days afterward. It was bright daylight and we were on a public beach where many people could see me. I was worried about being seen by some of my work colleagues or my students; I'm a high school English teacher.

After lying there for a while, Sean dared me to walk down the beach. He knew that it was likely that people who knew me would see me. I didn't want that to happen, of course, but somewhere inside of me, the thought thrilled me. I knew there were rumors about me being a 'loose woman'; there was only gossip to support it. If I was seen naked in public, it would remove any doubt.

Carol heard the dare and said, "I'll go with you honey. I've walked down the beach many times. It's a hoot having all those guys checking you out."

"What if I see someone I know?" I queried.

"So what? Let them look. They have to explain why they were at the nude beach in the first place."

My husband reminded me, "You've never refused a dare."

I said, "What do I get as a reward if I do it?"

He said, "Nothing. Just do it for the hell of it. Be bold. I want to watch everyone looking at my wife naked."

I had a decision to make. As usual, the risk-taking element of my personality took over and I said, "Okay, I'll do it."

I didn't know what I was getting myself into, but I stood up and got ready to go. I went to pick up a towel to take, but Sean said "Just you, nothing else." He did let me take a bottle of water.

Carol and I started down the beach together. I was self-conscious, thinking that everyone was watching me. "I feel like everyone's eyes are on me." I said to Carol.

She laughed and said, "Honey, they are. Even the women are checking out their competition. They know that we are walking the beach to be seen. Wiggle your ass and show them what you've got. Keep your hands at your side so they can see your tits."

I was blushing, but it didn't show in the sunlight. We walked by a dozen people, going along the water's edge. Our path gave people, mostly men, an excuse to leave their women and walk by us on the way to the water. Out of my peripheral vision, I noticed that guys would walk by us looking at our tits and then looking back at our asses after they had gone by us. After a few pass-bys like this, Carol and I would smile at each other. I liked having men leer at my body. I knew they wanted to fuck me and it made me feel desirable and hot. I made my tits jiggle and swayed my ass as I walked. The women reacted differently. Some were jealous or offended at our boldness. Others looked at us with lust on their minds like the men, but most didn't care. They were doing the same thing by lying naked on a public beach.

We made it to the end of the beach where there were some rocks protruding into the water. It had taken us about a half-an-hour to make the trip. We weren't in any hurry. We were enjoying the attention. We turned and started back. We walked toward the back of the beach, looking for some different scenery and offering some different scenery to the people watching us.

We were three-quarters of the way back when someone called out to me. "Hey Mis Walker. Is that you?" It was one of my former high-school students. There were two other guys and a few girls with them. They all recognized me. I was embarrassed and they were all amused and amazed to be seeing a former teacher naked. I didn't know what to say when the one kid asked if they could get their photo taken with me. I noticed that two of the guys had bathing suits on. I told them a photo was okay, but only if they were naked too. One guy chickened out, but the other two stood next me while one of the girls took our photos together. I asked for a copy and gave them Sean's email address. I didn't know where the photo would be seen, but I could imagine the worst. There I was bare naked, with my tits and my pussy on display. Carol was beside me along with two naked guys and one of the naked girls.

We continued the walk back to our husbands who were drinking beer and watching us from afar. When we got back, Carol and I collapsed on our blankets, laughing. We told them about our walk and I explained my embarrassment at seeing some former students. "That picture will be in the gym and all over the school this fall." I wondered whether it would cost me my job.

Sean and Jeff walked down the beach to talk to them. I don't know what was said, but Sean told me not to worry about it.

The last evolution was another photo of the four of us, taken by a woman lying nearby. Carol and I insisted that they both get naked. I have saved that picture on my phone, me and Carol, Sean and Jeff with their semi-hard cocks dangling between their legs. I asked if there was a reward for this dare and my darling husband said, "Anything you want."
