Debbie And The Princess
by paul2021

Debbie is taken to the dark side.

Previous stories have described how Debbie fell in love and became a concubine of Rashi, the Prince of a Sultanate in the Far East. After many adventures she is beginning to question her commitment as the Prince becomes pre-occupied elsewhere. Nevertheless, there are still enough excitements in the Royal Palace to keep her deliciously entertained.

*********

The afternoon in the Banos with Jafari was the highlight of Debbie's day. Following warm soakings and hot and cold plunges, Jafari would be called to give her a relaxing massage before making love to her. Tea would follow and they would talk. He was so gentle and attentive and she was very taken with him. He could make her laugh or even cry when he talked of the exile from his family in Africa. He seemed to understand her -- he knew what she wanted and he was able to satisfy emotionally as well as physically.

Could she love two men at the same time? As the weeks passed, she saw less of Rashi and, although she still loved him, she sensed a change in both her and him. He seemed to be encouraging her to meet with Jafari and was very aware that she was now fucking him. He was clearly not possessive of her and they still made wonderful love but the nights when he was absent were growing more frequent.

As the summer temperatures rose it was time for the Prince's entourage to decamp as usual to the Summer Palace in the mountains. Debbie was sad to leave Jafari but Rashi promised he would move him to the mountains once she was settled.

On that last memorable evening before departure Rashi returned early and was very disturbed. Over dinner barely a word was spoken and they retired early to make love. She was able to calm him and she took the initiative - first acting the mother to soothe and then using her skills to arouse him and take her pleasure. He needed the most extreme of stimulations but Debbie got him there in the end. There was clearly a problem.

When all was done, he began to talk:

"My love, I have a special favour to ask of you -- you can perform a great service for me."

Debbie was receptive:

"My Prince -- please -- how can I help. I hate it when you are upset -- tell me what troubles you?"

The Prince hesitatingly began:

"The Sultan, my father, prides himself on the beauty and proficiency of the young women of the Royal House -- and of course the women are virgin and chaste when they marry. As you know, the men of the Royal House are given more freedom in our culture and the Royal women know this and accept it.

However, within the palace walls, passions can develop and adultery is possible. For the man this is not a problem but for the woman it is terrible if discovered. The woman is shamed, divorced and cast out as a harlot or worse.

My lovely cousin Nadira married my uncle -- the youngest brother of the Sultan -- several years ago and is very unhappy. He is brutish and I hate him..."

The Prince, deeply moved, clenched both fists in impotent rage.

"I grew up with Nadira and she is a lovely, sweet woman ..."

There were tears in the Prince's eyes.

"Princess Nadira has been tragically condemned as an adulteress by my Mother and last night she foolishly attempted to flee the palace. She was caught by our security people and now awaits the return of my uncle from a hunt in the mountains. He is scheduled to arrive tonight to re-claim her and God knows what he will do to her. There is scandalous talk in my family that he will force her to become his whore."

Tears were running down the Prince's cheeks. He could not control himself.

"I can do nothing. I have no influence with my Father who is very traditional.

My Mother dominates him!!

I will save the Princess -- I must save her. I will get her out -- do you believe me? -- yes - I will rescue her."

He regained his composure:

"Now, my love, you must listen carefully.

Before Nadira's marriage, Mina was her maid and I know they were truly intimate -- you understand, I am sure?"

Debbie understood very well.

The Prince continued:

"When she married, these comforts were denied her which was very unfortunate -- my uncle regarded it as a slight on his manhood that his wife would seek solace with another woman. For Nadira to be complete she needs to share her bed with both men and women but my Uncle does not understand this.

So as a gesture of my friendship and respect for Nadira, who I love dearly, I would like you and Mina to go to her to prepare her for her ordeal. Otherwise, I am afraid she will be damaged beyond saving.

I know she will not suffer him willingly and she needs to be ready mentally and physically to receive him.

Please say you will help -- please my love..."

Debbie, of course, agreed.

"Now please go -- please go with Mina -- save her -- go - go."

The Prince's personal bodyguard was called and Debbie and Mina were cloaked and hooded. Debbie instructed Mina to collect all her medication and her ointments before leaving.

The bodyguard took them through the servant's passages -- a labyrinth Debbie had never seen. After walking briskly for some time, they entered a narrow corridor which led to a small cell. There were no attendants. Clearly secret arrangements had been made to gain access to the Princess.

When they entered, they saw the back of a female figure standing proudly and facing away from them wearing a black hooded cloak -- the sign of an adulteress. Debbie noticed that her calves and feet were bare. She did not turn as they entered.

"Princess Nadira do you understand English?"

An arrogant face turned and stared at Debbie in fear and loathing. The eyes were piercing and brown, cheekbones high and proud, skin olive, mouth sensual with purple lippy and eyes heavily made-up -- dark and exotic. Long raven black hair cascading from her hood. Debbie guessed she was about 40 years old.

"Who the hell are you!!"

The Princess suddenly collapsed onto a couch and began to sob.

Debbie sat next to her and hesitantly placed her arm around her shoulder to comfort her.

"Don't touch me you whore -- I know you."

Yes - Debbie recognised the proud but inquisitive eyes - she was at the obeisance ceremony - she was the one who couldn't take her eyes from her. Debbie guessed by the lilt of her upper-class English accent that she was high end English Public School -- Roedean perhaps.

Debbie was conciliatory:

"The Prince has sent us to help you."

She turned away.

"Princess, there is nothing you, I or anybody can do about your predicament but we can help to make it easier for you. Please allow us to help you."

The sobbing continued but she eventually acquiesced.

The hood was gaping open now and Nadira was clearly naked below her cloak -- already her maids had been dismissed and she had been prepared by the Sultana's own women for her husband's return.

Debbie took control:

"Mina -- give me my medication -- all of it.

Nadira clutched her hands to her face.

"First you must take these tablets and liquids -- they will make it easier for you. I know you would never be aroused in such a situation but you will dread it less -- your senses will be dulled. The medication will enable you to endure and ease your body afterwards."

Nadira turned to Debbie in her realisation that here was a woman who was more sophisticated and intelligent than she had been led to expect and she nodded her agreement.

Mina prepared everything and the medication was taken.

"Now we need to prepare your body. You will need to remove your cloak."

The cloak was removed by Mina and Nadira was naked. Her blemish free olive skin glistened and her full breasts with their large dark brown areola quivered in her fear. Her thighs were tight shut.

"Princess we need to prepare your vagina and your anus otherwise you may be torn and you may need to be stitched."

There was a pause before Nadira signalled her agreement. She held out her arms to Mina and they both hugged each-other close. Debbie saw the tenderness in Mina's eyes and shed a tear.

Debbie thought it best to start with an overall massage to relax the Princess. With Mina's help she removed her own robe and knelt nude behind the Princess to begin the massage. The contrast between the two naked women - the creamy white English blonde and the dark Asian Princess was stark. Mina passed the oil to her and she began.

Once Nadira was relaxed and knowing that the medication would now be working, Debbie slowly eased her hands under Nadira's breasts from behind and spread her thighs around Nadira's hips to gently press her soft body into her back. Nadira could feel the touch of Debbie's breasts and the warmth of Debbie's crotch. To Debbie's relief the Princess kept her eyes closed in meditation as Debbie's fingers began to tease her brown nipples and, when this liberty was accepted, to slowly knead them to firmness.

Mina crouched in the corner and watched them both in awe and fascination.

Without talking, Debbie tenderly kissed Nadira's neck before kneeling down in front of her and gently parting her legs. There was a little resistance but as Nadira languidly opened her eyes Debbie ran kisses over her thighs and the door was unlocked. Her bush of black hair was copious and thick but Debbie used all her skills to open up her sweet spot and give her a cum. Using some of her own gel which Mina passed to her, Nadira's cunt lips and vagina were oiled.

The most demanding task now lay ahead. As a prelude Debbie asked Mina to embrace Nadira. Mina found Nadira's lips and engaged in a long languorous kiss before withdrawing. The kiss was passionate. Debbie had now used all her med's on Nadira and she was thankfully gone.

Knowing the penchant of the Royal males for anal, Debbie was not finished yet.

"Are you ready honey -- yes? -- let's get you over."

Kneeling over the couch with her breasts touching the soft leather Nadira opened her legs to allow Debbie to dress her anus with relaxing and lubricating gels. One finger -- two fingers -- Nadira tensed a little.

"Steady honey -- it's alright -- it's OK"

Three fingers -- that should be enough to protect her.

Running her palms across Nadira's prone back for a few seconds they turned her over and lay her down naked on the couch. She was a magnificent woman.

There were two knocks on the door. There was barely time to dress before they were escorted out of the cell by the Prince's bodyguard and hurried away. Debbie turned for a last look and saw the glistening body of the Princess. She trembled for her and the door shut behind them.

Debbie's job was done -- Nadira would remember very little and, in her relaxed condition, even if she was conscious, she would not be damaged if she was violated. That was all Debbie could do, but as the med's would cease to be effective after twenty-four hours -- what then?

The Prince was waiting in their apartment in tears:

"There was nothing I could do -- my Mother and Father insisted -- poor Nadira -- my poor girl"

The next day Debbie was to be driven to the Summer Palace.

********

They all waited in the cool of the porch -- the Prince's Royal women had been taken on the first luxury motor coach and a second was pulling into the court for Debbie and the maids. All were in purdah with long flowing white capes to the floor and hoods and veils such that only their eyes were exposed. Debbie was nude beneath her robe with only flesh coloured ballerina socks to protect her feet from the dusty tiles of the porch.

As she boarded, she saw two hooded figures -- one supporting the other -- being urged by an attendant to the back-door of a third coach. After hurrying them up the steps the attendant stood by the door until it was closed. It was over in a few seconds.

Shown to her compartment Debbie was served refreshments and after settling down for the journey, segregated from the other women, she saw that the cavalcade was joined by outrider police cars and motorbikes. The streets were cleared and they were soon out of the oven hot, sun dazzled city passing up through steamy forests until the landscape opened to an Alpine beauty.

She slept but was awakened by a gentle touch on her shoulder -- it was the Prince. The coach was stationery.

"Come with me -- be quick"

They left the coach and rapidly walked to a large black SUV.

She was told to sit on the back seat beside the two hooded figures she had seen earlier. The Prince's body-guard was driving -- the one who had deftly handled the situation last night. The Prince sat in the passenger seat.

"Drive -- Drive -- quickly man!"

They took off along dizzy mountain roads and granite capped tops until they approached a wire security fence with cameras and "keep-out" signage with a check-point. The security guards panicked -- barriers were raised just in time as they speeded through. Another ten minutes brought them down to a secluded lodge by a small lake. They were all rushed inside and the door was closed.

Both women, but not, of course, Debbie, removed their capes to reveal Princess Nadira and Mina.

Debbie was very surprised and very relieved and the Prince took Nadira in his arms -- Debbie now understood.

Nadira was still in shock and collapsed in a feint before being helped to her apartment by Mina.

The Prince was angry:

"She is not damaged thank God -- that bastard -- I will get revenge -- there is no doubt. That bloody husband of hers is a marked man."

Debbie turned away from his fury and he began to calm. He owed her an explanation:

"Deborah, I brought you here at Nadira's request. You performed a wonderful service for her and she is very thankful. We are now in my domain, not my Fathers, so she is safe but this must stay secret. The alarm has already been given at the Palace -- the search is on. The next two weeks are critical."

Debbie listened carefully.

"Nadira and I ask that you stay here, in the Lodge, with her and use your skills to help her heal.

She cannot bear to be touched by me but you can help her regain her confidence and her desire for pleasure again. She is a wonderful, wonderful, woman and I love her dearly."

He began to sob and Debbie cradled him.

He regained control of himself and moved from her -- he was a Prince again.

"Now I must go or my absence will be noticed."

He quickly departed in the SUV and Mina began to prepare food and drink for the evening meal.

Debbie showered and considered the remarkable events of the last 24 hours.

The revelation that Rashi loved another and this love was enduring came as a relief to her. She had decided that this concubine life could not go on indefinitely -- she felt like an exotic bird in a cage -- every pleasure and luxury was provided but she was not free to live as she wanted. The passion for Rashi had cooled and she intuited, based on his long absences, that it was the same for him. Allowing her to take her pleasures with Jafiri simply confirmed her view.

Strangely her friendship with Rashi on an emotional level was now much stronger. They confided in one another and their mutual understanding had never been greater. For her part she would want to maintain this deep friendship beyond his removal from her bed. When the time was right, she would invoke the escape clause -- but the timing would be of her choosing.

***********

The weather soon became unbearably warm and sultry even in the mountains near the Summer Palace and I now ask you, reader, to step into my story for a moment and imagine yourself high in the alpine mountains as you escape from the desperate heat of the city.

If you are adventurous and able to climb the security fencing while avoiding the motion sensors and video cameras you might find a narrow track running through a forest. If you manage to step over the trip wires, and give the guard dogs the slip, you can climb a wooded hill that gives you a beautiful view of a small lake, a beach and a small luxuriously appointed lodge hidden away among the pines.

If you are very fortunate you will see two figures swimming in the lake refreshing themselves after their morning exercise and if you decide to linger, despite the extreme danger to yourself if you were caught, you will see a glorious sight.

As the two figures emerge invigorated from the cool water you will see that they are both women and, unbelievably, they are both splendidly naked.

Standing on the beach wet and shining, legs astride, ringing out their long hair you will see that both are in their mid-life prime and of a similar height. The one with dark olive skin and jet- black hair is perhaps slightly slimmer than the cream coloured blond but both are voluptuously endowed with full breasts and hips, narrow waists and finely shaped curvaceous legs. They are like goddesses offering themselves to the embrace of the sun god and his sensual warming light.

If you linger -- and after this display, you certainly would -- you will see the two women join together, exchange tender kisses and then embrace: breasts touching breasts -- tummy against tummy -- thighs gently pushing against thighs. Kneeling down on their towels they entwine together like two exotic serpents to become one ever changing creature in their passion. The sun god looks on, bathing their two bodies in his light and heat -- encouraging them to greater effort and passionate loving wholeness.

Unfortunately, you are too far distant to see too much apart from olive and cream coloured flesh all mixed together in one delightful phasamagoria of limbs, breasts and mouths. You might wish to move closer but wait... dogs are barking -- you must go now -- and go quickly.

Was it worth it?

Oh yes!

*********

Debbie and Nadira had become great friends -- the common bonds of love and friendship for the Prince, a private education in England and a shared experience of social and professional life in London had helped considerably. As a young woman Nadira had spent long periods at the house in Belgravia and was interned at the Sultanate's London banking house.

The soothing of Nadira had continued with long afternoons of gentle massage to slowly restore her. Female friendship and a strong sexual desire for Nadira were now dominant in Debbie. She was certain that Nadira had strong feelings for her and she was minded to persuade the Prince to allow them more time alone in the Lodge. Relying on his fervent love for Nadira and his desire that she should be fully restored to him, Debbie made her move and he took little persuading.

Once ensconced back at the lodge Debbie and Nadira consummated their love for each-other over one glorious night when they became truly intimate for the first time. They awoke like young lovers and a wonderful honeymoon followed.

On the first morning of their marriage Debbie was very pleasantly surprised when Nadira made a proposal. Now that nowhere was off limits to tongues, fingers and hands and, in sapphic love-making, lingering subtle touching and feathering of the most sensitive areas was very pleasurable, should she shave down there to allow Debbie to explore and discover the sweet spots of her desire. Debbie had been hoping for a sign that Nadira was recovering and she leapt at the opportunity offered.

First Debbie sat on the edge of the great bath, spread her legs and allowed Nadira to soap and shave her and this was quickly done, Debbie's pube having barely grown after going nude for her presentations. Nadira was very pleased with her work and while Debbie was in this position Nadira, by now extremely aroused, dived in with her strong tongue and gave Debbie the sweetest of cums.

Debbie now sat Nadira astride and got to work with the safety razor. She had a prolific black bush which had never been trimmed. Debbie gently lathered and got to work.

Slowly, little by little, with small delicate strokes she worked her way down to her cunt lips before clearing one side and then the other being very careful to avoid the delicate upstanding membranes at the entrance. Having repeated the process to fully nude she needed to clear the perineum and the bum cheeks around the anus. To do this they moved from the bath on to the bed, and with pillows Nadira was able to lay backwards with her bum on a pillow and lift both knees to her chest to open up the whole area.

By re-lathering and with short soft strokes away from the anus all was cleaned and Nadira was completely nude for the first time. Debbie oiled and creamed the whole area with her palms. It felt delicious to massage the entrance to the magic grotto of her dreams -- it was plump and soft and coloured somewhere between dark honey and her favourite red sultanate wine. She loved to watch the pink flower slowly open to receive her tongue caresses and the moisture begin to shine on the lighter pink around the swollen clit upstanding and impatiently waiting for her.

This act would add so much to their love-making and Debbie was very grateful that Lyn had taught her the techniques of sapphic love under Ray's hot lights in Norfolk all those years ago.

Their routine was to wake and make love before breakfasting and then swim from the beach in the sultry mornings before the heat of mid-day. They were so aroused by their nudity in the cool water and on the beach under the hot sun that, having oiled each-other, they would continue to explore and stimulate even though they knew they could be overlooked. They developed the habit of self- pleasuring themselves on the beach facing each-other with open legs in shameless exhibition. Nadira parted her outer lips to allow the inner lips of her labia to grow between her legs into a bloom of remarkable size.

Debbie felt she could orgasm for ever with Nadira and, of course, the stimulants from the Palace were in endless supply.

Sleeping after lunch and over the long afternoon, a lovely dinner from Mina was a prelude to another of Debbie's innovations. She introduced Nadira to Lesbian Pornography on the video stream which fed their desire and developed their technical skills opening up many new avenues for experimentation.

As day followed day the intimacy grew and one very hot morning on the beach when Nadira was resting her head on Debbie's midriff the conversation drifted in a surprising direction:

Nadira began:

"You did Porn, right?"

Debbie affirmed that she did - some years ago.

"What was your favourite?"

Debbie thought for a second:

"Oh, I don't know -- I liked most of it.

I was very lucky with the director -- I always felt safe and the actors were great -- very professional. It was amazing because most of the time I really enjoyed it and I did actually cum which doesn't always happen apparently. Ray was always very keen to build up the narrative before the money shots. That helped a lot and ..."

Debbie giggled:

"... the men were rather good!!!"

Nadira questioned:

"What, you mean well - endowed?"

Debbie laughed:

"They were big -- this big!!!"

Now they both collapsed in a fit of the giggles.

Nadira still had questions:

"How far did you go?"

Debbie thought for a second:

"I did entertain three men in one movie."

"What at the same time?"

"Yes, it can be done with careful direction."

"Did you cum then?"

"Yes -- many times -- they were West Indian boys -- very considerate and very gentle"

"What was your best position?"

Debbie laughed:

"Really Nadira this is personal -- oh OK - I see".

Debbie saw that Nadira was fingering her open, already moistening, cunt.

"Two of them lifted me and cradled me with their arms and held my legs open to offer my cunt and ass to the third standing between my legs. They took it in turns. It was fucking wonderful."

"Did they fuck your bum?"

"Many times -- the call it in the trade "anal" Nadira."

Nadira laughed:

"I know all about "anal" -- my fucking husband -- he had a fixation."

Debbie needed to counter this:

"But Nadira -- when anal is performed lovingly while your lover strokes your clit and your pussy it can be wonderful!"

That evening with a dildo Debbie demonstrated to Nadira what "lovingly" and "wonderful" really meant.

*********

The following day on the beach Nadira continued on the same theme:

"How far would you like to go -- do you still have fantasies?"

Debbie thought back to the days of bondage with Takashima san at the Studio:

"I do fantasize about a man with absolute control over me - to do whatever he wants with no boundaries and I would be punished if I disobey him."

Nadira was shocked.

"It's only a fantasy Nadira -- I would never want it in real life -- never... what about you?"

Nadira thought for a second:

"I would love to be a man and take a slave girl for my pleasure and be the one with all the power -- that's my fantasy."

Over the following days the conversation continued and Debbie developed a role-playing idea that just might help Nadira and offer some interesting possibilities for Debbie.

After making love on the beach -- Debbie kneeled open legged behind Nadira plaiting her hair.

Debbie began:

"What if I was to be your slave Nadira?"

"What!!!"

"What if I was to be your slave or pretend to be. We could act out some role play in the evenings in the lodge and see if you like to be the dominant one?"

Nadira thought for a second:

"You mean act it all and pretend to be other people just for the night -- I would be a man ... right".

"Yes, I guess you would honey"

"But I don't have a penis?"

"We can fix that very easily."

"What -- you mean a dildo?"

"They call it a "strap-on" in the trade Nadira".

"Oh fuck you - you're not serious Deborah."

"Yes, I mother fucking am -- why not!!!"

*********

It was all agreed and Debbie prepared a list of equipment for Mina to secretly acquire from the "forbidden room" at the Summer Palace and send over. A big case full of gear arrived the next day with the food delivery. They looked it over and discussed a scenario and Nadira became very enervated and excited as they developed a flow of events. There would be no dialogue -- all would be by action only. It reminded Debbie of the old days back at the farm planning a porn shoot with Ray and Lyn.

In fact, it would be all down to Nadira -- Debbie, being the "Slave", would be under her "Master's" control, willing to do anything that was demanded of her. Oh ... and one final very important check -- if Debbie wanted out at any time, or felt too much was being asked, the escape word was "Red".

The next day Mina was dismissed from the lodge for 48 hours and they could begin.

As the tension and excitement began to rise, they agreed to start by locking up Debbie naked in her "cell" and take it from there.

*********

Debbie was kept waiting for some time in the dark. There was no light and she began to feel vulnerable in her nudity -- deliciously so -- she had no idea what was waiting for her and she was beyond help. She began to caress herself -- mmmm.

The door swung open and a "man" in a military uniform and dark glasses roughly pulled her out by the arm. She was pushed against the wall on her front compressing her breasts against the cold tiles and, from behind, a leather collar was buckled around her neck attached to a leash and matching wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs were attached. A leather gloved hand pushed itself between her thighs and cool fingers penetrated her. The leather fingers now covered in her juices were withdrawn and offered to her mouth -- she began to tremble and cum -- Nadira was very convincing!

She was led by the leash into the great hall and there she saw, slung from the great central beam, several chains with hooks attached. She shivered.

She was positioned under the beam and her wrist and ankle cuffs were attached to chains which were then tensioned to begin her spread-eagling. Her arms and legs were separated and she was stretched into an X.

Fuck - it felt dirty -- she began to orgasm again and shook violently -- a sharp slap on her buttocks made her scream and she rose again. Her arms and legs were taught and she was helpless.

Now all was quiet behind her until a claw like hand grabbed her crotch from behind -- she gasped. Her bare cunt and arse were being made ready with gel and she came again when fingers entered her anus -- she was so hot it was boiling her blood.

A dildo was slipped into her cunt -- the sort that expands within to prevent drop out. A rope was roughly tied around her waist and the long tail of the dildo was lifted across her cunt lips and set against her clit before being tied to the rope thereby applying delicious pressure on that area. Finally, an anal plug was inserted with an inflator attached below. As air was applied by the tormentor, the dildo slowly expanded.

Debbie was in an elevated state of ecstasy and tension. Time stood still and she fed on the energy of her tormentor.

Familiar hands squeezed her breasts and buttocks -- kneading and handling -- pulling and pushing -- making her writhe and squirm -- bringing out the glistening sweat in the sultry closeness of the room.

.. and all the time another slight pump on the butt plug and another delicious whimper.

She cried out into the hollow roof and the pitiless chains above her:

Oh my.... fuck...... fuck......please.....please.....fuc.............

A leather slap hit her buttocks making her lurch forward on the chains. Then a whip on her back. Then more slapping followed by more whipping.

No to "Red" no to "Red" she told herself.

Somehow, she was bent over with her chest on a table -- legs still restrained and straight behind her -- arms tensioned in front of her -- dildos removed.

Her cunt and anus were open and ready but not before more paddling up and down between her legs -- then a final arse trembling buttock whip -- and finally a never-ending fuck of cunt and arse -- cunt and arse -- and cunt and arse.

"Nadira ... my Nadira ... Oh God.... Please .... Please... Oh god .... No..."

Her words belied her actions as her arse and cunt looked for the next cum.

She was insatiable.

She no longer had the energy to scream -- she could only gasp and rasp for air as the relentless stimulation continued.

As she began to swoon, she was just able to break the spell:

"Red Nadira -- please - Red."

*********

Nadira was back again -- lovingly calming her and deftly removing the chains and cuffs.

She woke aching and naked lying on Nadira's comforting breasts with her hair being stroked by Nadira's willowy fingers in the cosiness of the vast bed.

They both slept soundly until morning when Debbie woke to find Nadira's tongue gently teasing her cunt to the first cum of the new day.

*********
