First Excursion
byJulie20©
You set me a task by email and as soon as I read your email I knew exactly where the task would take place. The New Forest is just down the M27 and it has lots of gravel parking places off the road. Despite my excitement I was quite relaxed as I prepared and ate my meal; I knew I had plenty of time as the later I left it the darker it would be. I had given some thought to the implement to be used; I own a vibrator but decided to take my sink plunger instead. It has quite a short wooden handle with a slightly bulbous shape.

And then it was time to change. I thought again about how long it would take me to scramble into my tight slacks if I needed to dress in a hurry. For a brief moment I thought about putting on a skirt just to see what Sabine would do if I deliberately disobeyed her but I was never seriously going to do that. I kept on the cheap cotton bra and briefs I had worn during the day and I added black slacks and my pale green cotton blouse -- with buttons (a t shirt pulled over my head would have been much easier -- slight pout). I kept on my pink ankle socks and added flat, black slip on shoes then I walked to the car feeling very excited. I left home around 7.30pm knowing it would be pitch black by the time I reached the Forest.

There was a slight drizzle and fairly light traffic, it was an easy drive and soon I was on unlit single track roads making my way through the forest and watching out for horses which roam free here.

I was making for a parking place which I have often used as a quiet place to sit with a book and study. I pulled off the road and down the track then I parked under some trees and switched off my lights and the engine. If anyone came to disturb me I would see the headlights but by the time I saw the lights I would have two minutes before they were on me. My main worry was the forest wardens. I have no idea whether they patrol the forest at night checking on deer or something. In the summer holidays scouts and guides camp in the forest but, thankfully, that was not a worry now. All I need is a group of teenagers with their leaders on a night hike.

So it was time. My car has four doors so I opened the door (there was still a gentle cool rain) and got into the back seat. May as well start I guess. I kicked off my shoes as I began to unbutton the blouse leaving it on the seat beside me. I was sitting up quite normally so had there been anyone there they would have seen me. In a very swift and businesslike manner I shed my bra feeling distinctly odd sitting topless looking out of the window at the darkness. Just for an instant I froze as I saw a distant light moving along the road. He was going quite fast so was obviously on the road and not on the track but it reminded me that I was not hidden in the depths of the forest, I was only a few metres off the road. I was glad of the cloudy skies, if there had been a moon my car could have been seen from the road and perhaps a police patrol or a warden would come to check me out. No, I will not think about police cars.

I began to unzip my slacks thinking "What am I doing?" then I shimmied out of them and peeled off my socks. Now it was just a matter of slipping off my knickers. My bare bum felt very odd on the car upholstery. I gathered up my pile of clothes and reached over the back of the driver's seat to place the pile on the seat.

I was stark naked in the middle of the forest and it would take me ages (relatively speaking) to get dressed. Certainly if I saw or heard someone I would not have time to get decent.

So now I have to do it. I was feeling tense but also a bit sexually charged and I began to masturbate using my fingers. It felt odd doing it to order rather than just because I feel the need. Remarkably quickly I was leaning back moaning with my fingers working frantically. The car stank of hot girl and my fingers were soaked. I reached out for the plunger which was in the dark beside me. The handle slid in easily as I lifted myself up on the seat then I very carefully lowered myself; a girl could hurt herself using a solid wooden dildo and I am a long way from a hospital.

Actually I had already orgasmed using my fingers but now I worked up and down on the plunger. The car was not rocking at all and I remembered your instruction although there was no-one to see it rocking. I rocked myself from side to side and did hear the springs creaking. Now another orgasm was building. It would be a cliché to write lots of "Yes yes yes" but that is what it was like. I was wonderfully out of control and was shouting quite loud.

Of course eventually I came down and pulled myself off of the very slippery implement then I just lay back panting. I was vaguely aware that my car seat would be stained but I could not be bothered to do anything about it. I don't know how long I lay there in the dark, I was "out of it" and, if anyone had come along I don't think I would have had the strength to move. As my strength began to return so my fear came back. I may as well put up a neon sign saying "rape me" but I really did not want to get dressed.

Of course in the end I did get dressed and drive home. My feeling at the end of it all was simply immense satisfaction. The way you feel after a terrific session of sex. As soon as I arrived in the flat I began to type this message while it was still fresh in my mind. I will save it in "drafts" and click SEND tomorrow when I have read it again. After all that tension and thrill I expected to be too wound up to sleep but when I got into bed I found I went to sleep quite quickly. I would love to know what I dreamed about but I cannot remember.
