Shona At The Clinic
by running_with_shona

Shona gives the doctor a pleasant surprise.

Shona At The Clinic Ch. 01

It was the end of a pleasant work day in the clinic. I had had a good day, with many patients being grateful for my treatment of them, some of the long-term patients going to the extent of giving me Thank You cards in person. In short, I felt good. I felt even better knowing that my next patient, the last for the day, was none other than my dearest Shona.

'Landed on a twisted ankle' said the card. It looked like a straightforward case of ankle sprain. And if I finished treating her early, I could spend some time with her, perhaps in the coffee shop down the street. However, I knew Shona always made things interesting. I smiled as I finished up my previous patients' paperwork, waiting for the knock on the door.

"Knock knock," said an unmistakable voice right after she actually knocked on the door.

Did I mention how she manages to make the most normal of things cute?

I decided to play along. Walking up to the still closed door I asked in a quiet voice, "Who's there?"

"Your" said she.

"Your?" I waited for her to go on.

"Mmhmm" she said in a sing-song voice. "Your."

"Just Your? Hm, I see.... Your who?"

"Your Angel," she dropped her voice to a whisper. "Please open the door Ravi".

Curious, I slowly pulled the door open. There stood my beautiful angel. And she was absolutely, completely, bewitchingly naked. My jaw dropped.

"Shona!" I said in a hurried voice, nervous for her. With my heart suddenly beating faster, I took a quick look around. There was no one in the waiting room, not even the nurse and receptionist. Most of the lights were turned off. It seemed like everyone had packed up and left, and conveniently left us alone. "How?" was all I could manage, with my smile returning rapidly to my face.

She remained in her pose, unmoving, but severely blushing. Her legs were crossed one in front of the other. Her arms were crossed above her head, deliciously stretching and emphasizing her entire body to my gaze. Her eyes were looking straight at mine, searching for something.

I didn't move for about half a minute, and simply gazed back at her eyes, thinking. She must have set this up with my clinic staff, among whom she was well known and loved. She probably just convinced them she would help me close up. She was a shy type, despite her daring games, and would surely not be able to tell them she would be naked for me here. Her blush spread to the top of her breasts, her eyes remained wide the entire time, and her breasts rose and fell with every frequent breath.

I wanted to play, and my cock was reminding me that this really was a good idea. Keeping my gaze on her eyes I closed the gap between us. "Don't move, darling." I whispered. She nodded softly. I placed a finger on her left cheek, drawing her gaze to it. I then softly traced down her neck past the notch in her collarbone, down her breast to the tip of her nipple, and stayed there. Looking up at her I asked, "Is the front door locked baby?" Her blushing face nodded slowly. I pinched her nipple, making her jump.

I walked around her slowly, tracing my fingers up her arms and bringing her arms down to her sides to rest. I hugged her from behind and whispered to her right ear "What made you this daring?" She relaxed into my hug, not answering me at first. Turning her face up she tried to reach for my lips. I moved an inch closer so she could reach her lips to peck mine, which she did several times to show me that she missed me. With both of us in busy jobs, finding time to be together was not the easiest.

"I," she whispered, pausing for a kiss before her next word "missed. You. Ravi. Did. You. Miss. Me?" She was raining kisses on my lips, taking away my ability to think. I held her tighter.

"Of course, my dear," I replied. I held her arms down over her body, making her hug herself, and kissed her neck. "I love this side of you," pausing to nibble her earlobe, "the side where you take risks just to please me." I truly appreciated the lengths she went outside of her comfort zone in order to keep things afresh in our relationship. She did it out of love, mostly. I did it out of excitement.

"There's ... no risk... They've locked the doors... and gone home." said Shona confidently, still breathing heavily. She was most likely right. But I did so enjoy seeing her squirm in embarrassment. It made our sex all the sweeter.

"So they would have the key then?" I asked, and made her suddenly stiffen her body in realization. I squeezed her left breast with my hand.

"Relax baby," I continued, "They wouldn't come back." She slowly relaxed once again. The trust that she had in me was beautiful. I wouldn't give it up for the world. I wasn't lying to her. I knew my staff were extremely unlikely to return, and if they did, they would back away politely and give me my personal space. "Where are your clothes?"

I could practically feel the warmth spread all over her body at the question, as she pointed her head at the coat hanger. There hung a trench coat, and nothing else. Shona was impressing me by the minute. I kissed the back of her neck. "Is that all you came here with?" She nodded. I wondered if my staff knew what was going to happen as they locked up and left. There was no need to find out of course. "You're a naughty little girl Shona."

"Yes sir." she softly whispered, looking down ashamed and yet turned on. "Only for you sir."

I turned her around to face me and tilted her head up to look straight into her soul.

"I appreciate that Shona, but I need to expand your boundaries a bit more my sweet, sweet Shona." She nodded. "Have you been a naughty girl so far?" She nodded almost imperceptibly with apprehension in her eyes. "Then I think you should be punished."

As her eyes widened, I continued "Would you like that?" With her head tilted low and her eyes looking up at me she nodded shyly.

And so I led her by the hand, gripping hers a little tighter to convey that I would be there for her throughout. She followed slowly, a little reluctant, but I smiled at her sweetly to encourage her. We passed my partially lit lounge to the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the street ten stories below. My clinic was at the top floor of our building. Right across from us, clearly visible from the large windows, was another ten-storey building with a few people finishing their last bits of work for the day., and facing another ten-storey building across the street.


Shona At The Clinic Ch. 02

She gets excited at being shown off.

"Baby, do you trust me?"

Shona simply laid her shoulder back against my chest in response; her head snuggling on the side of mine as we both looked towards the full-length windows of my clinic. She was naked, and I fully clothed. We spoke volumes through our emotions for each other. On many occasions, like this, few words were necessary.

I walked her to the window. The lights in my lounge were dim, yet it was still daylight out. Across from my building was another, and there were still some desk workers working overtime, unaware of the shy vision of beauty being walked naked to just a short distance from them. Ten storeys below, the street bustled with activity. Shona slowed a little, and took a deep breath of courage.

I couldn't help but admire her resolve. She wasn't always daring, and was in fact rather shy. However, she would do some pretty risky behaviour just to please me. I knew that, and made sure she knew that I appreciated each occasion.

I closed the gap between me and her to hold her in a hug from behind. I sniffed her freshly shampooed hair, parted them with my nose, and kissed the back of her neck. Her body however was stiff in steely resolve as she looked dead ahead at the upcoming challenge, a floor-to-ceiling window which was only lightly tinted. I kept walking her to the window, slower this time. No one had yet noticed from the offices in the ten-storey building across the street, and being seen from the street that far down was virtually impossible.

A foot away from the window, our own reflection stared back at us. She was the epitome of beauty and fitness. Being a regular gym-bunny and runner, she had the perfect hourglass body. Her neck sloped down to her shoulders beautifully. Her tear-drop shaped breasts hung beautifully off her chest. Her flat tummy ran down to her neatly trimmed pubes, ending in a cleft that inspired poetry. Her back in a perfect posture ended in the most awe-inspiring buttocks, an effect of her hard work in the gym.

My body was relatively toned due to some exercise and regular work, but was nowhere close to Shona's level of fitness. I considered myself very lucky to have known this beautiful, disciplined angel.

I heard her take a sharp intake of breath. "Are you ok Shona?" I asked, not wanting to push her too far out of her comfort zone. She paused for a moment, then nodded. Her head turned slowly from left to right as her eyes scanned her potential voyeurs, who only needed a glance in the right direction. Her breathing, and the rise and fall of her breasts, quickened.

Suddenly, she pivoted herself around to face me. "He saw me!" she exclaimed. The intensity in her eyes betrayed her excitement. Interestingly, she had not run away from the window. She merely gave whoever saw her a view of what he had initially missed, her beautiful ass. She pressed her body against mine, as if she could hide her body within mine. If I could, I would swallow her up.

I held her and stroked her hair. "Who baby? Who saw you?" Her cheeks were bright red in embarrassment. She shook her head cutely against my chest, too embarrassed to speak, then peeked out to her left. I followed her gaze and found not just one but 3 people staring open-mouthed at Shona's nakedness. They were also on the top floor of their building, just as we were, and slightly to the right of the office dead ahead of us. It was two girls and a guy who seemed to be just hanging out at an office desk, possibly catching up with each other after work, with what seemed like cups of coffee in their hands. Four other office rooms were occupied with people, one occupant in each one, and none of them had turned this way yet. Perhaps the sun's glare had something to do with it.

I turned her around to face her three spectators, and their lips turned upwards in a smile. Shona began to shiver a little, with probably a mixture of fear and sexual excitement. "No..." she exclaimed softly as I turned her body. "Ravi!" she continued after a sharp intake of breath, "Ravi please ...." Both the girls and the guy in the trio were staring unabashedly at Shona. The guy raised his cup in appreciation, and continued looking at her intently.

I kissed her neck, trying to calm her down, or perhaps to excite her enough so that she was fine with this turn of events. I knew she wanted her boundaries pushed just a little. "Please what Shona?"

"Please sir" she said demurely.

I couldn't help but chuckle a little. "Baby, that's not what I meant." Indeed I only wanted her to tell me if she wanted to stop the game altogether. "My love" I said, hugging her from behind and kissing the back of her neck, "Do you want to stop?" Still more kissing from me, but not a single movement from her. "Do you want to put all your clothes on and look respectable to these people?" I caressed her breasts and tweaked her nipples between my fingers, making her squirm. "Do you want to hide your ..." I bit her neck, causing her to moan softly. "... sinful..." I licked her where I bit. "... depraved..." I placed my mouth close to her ears and whispered "fantasies,"

"No" was all she could whisper in the midst of her ordeal, and added the word that made it all that much more sexual. "Sir."

"That's it, baby. I will look out for you". And truly, I was looking out for her. There were only three people looking at her so far, all of them seemed the decent kind and not creepy, and none of them were trying to take pictures of her. I looked around for other spectators from that same building across the street and found one. He was a young guy, probably mid-20's, sitting straight on his chair in rapt attention to the scene he had lucked upon. One of his hands were beneath his desk, I suspect pleasuring himself. I grinned.

Turning Shona towards the new spectator, I pulled her arms to lock them using one of my hands behind her back, thrusting her chest out. "MMmmm" she moaned. I ran my finger down the middle of her back to the cleft of her ass, and pushed her body slightly forward simultaneously. When my finger reached her asshole and paused, she too paused in thought. And cheekily pushed herself backwards. Taken by surprise, I let my finger slip into her anus. "MMMMmmm!" she moaned aloud.

I pulled out quickly with a pop. She whimpered a little "But please sir" She surprised me with the level of comfort she had with her current spectators. Perhaps she hadn't noticed the new one yet.

I smacked her ass and made her body jump. "You're naughty Shona."

Hanging her head down she replied "Yes sir". And turned her head to look at me with pleading eyes "Please sir.... Can you... continue?" The minx was making my cock rock hard, and she knew it. She reached her hands which were still locked behind her back in my own hand, to feel my erection through my trousers. "Can I?" She asked, still in her cute pleading voice.

I shook my head to clear it. She had taken me out of the controlling position that I had. I smacked her ass hard.

"Oh!" She jumped.

"Look forward Shona" I ordered her, and she complied. She finally noticed her new spectator and gasped. "That's right you slut" I smacked her ass again. "MY slut" I said louder, and she moaned in response. I smacked her again, and this time whispered in a voice as sweet as I could muster directly into her ear "My sweet sweet slut"

I leaned over her nuzzled my face against hers. She nuzzled back. "Are you enjoying all the attention my love?"

"Yes" she whispered.

"Good" I straightened myself, still forcing her body in the slightly bent over position, and gave her the go ahead for what she was trying to do earlier. "You can take my cock out now."

Watching her reflection in the window, I couldn't help but be mesmerized at the sight of her boobs pulled downwards by gravity and jiggling due to her struggling hands. She was looking straight at the other man across the way and bit her lip as she unzipped me, reached through the hole of my boxers, and grabbed my cock.

