Katie's Pool Party
byCaptain_Ron©

Married life had been going pretty good lately for Katie and Steve, Katie recently started a new job in the Sales/Marketing division of a small Internet Service Provider and she was really enjoying the change. Her last job was at a shrinking manufacturing company and the layoffs and stress was making her life miserable. 

Katie was just a little over 5 feet tall with long dark brown hair. She wasn't exactly skinny, and wasn't really muscular either but somewhere in between. She still considered herself a work in progress but was happier than she had been in a very long time. If you asked her what her best feature was she'd probably say her face, it was extremely pretty with big brown eyes you could get lost in. If you were to ask Steve he may very well also say her face was her best feature, since that's what first attracted him to her, but you could also get him to admit there were some more intimate parts of her body he was in love with as well. 

Life was also good for Steve. His career as a Graphics Artist was going great and his wife had gone through some amazing changes over the last year both physically and mentally. Katie loved his wavy blonde hair and was always running her fingers through it. It may be the feature that Katie loved the best, but a close second would need to be his strong shoulders, or the fact that she needed to stand on her tiptoes to kiss him.

On this night Katie came home from work beaming that she had passed her 3 month probationary period and was now a permanent full time employee. She couldn't stop talking about how great the company and her co-workers were plus all the benefits and perks she would now enjoy. Steve was really happy to see his wife so upbeat.

All through dinner Steve could tell Katie had something on her mind that she wanted to share, and she finally came out with it as they were putting away the dishes. 

"Please don't be mad at me, and I should have checked with you first especially since you still have that cast on your wrist..." Katie started, "but I invited a bunch of my co-workers over for a pool party next weekend. They're really a great group and we get along so well. I know you'll like them and I can't wait to introduce you to them. I thought a little party would be fun."

Steve smiled at her, "That's no problem Honey, a party sounds like a great idea. I'd love to finally meet your co-workers. I've heard so much about them I feel like I already know them."

Katie gave her husband a big hug, he loved feeling her perky little boobs up against him. "Thank you baby, it's going to be a blast. I know you'll love them all."

--

Katie spent the weekend making to do lists and picking up some things for the party, including a brand new bathing suit. Katie got on a fitness kick over the last year and lost a lot of weight so none of her old suits fit her properly. 

She looked nervously at the bathing suit, it was her first bikini, and decided she needed to make sure Steve was okay with it. Katie slipped off her clothes and donned the new suit. "Crap," she thought, the top was a little loose, "I must have grabbed the wrong size." Katie decided it wasn't too loose and besides she didn't want to bother exchanging it. It will be fine she decided and went to find her husband for his opinion.

"Steve?" Katie called out, finding her husband in the living room watching the ball game. "What do you think of this for the party?"

Steve was pleasantly surprised, he'd never seen his wife in a bikini before. Katie walked around the room modeling a conservative light blue strapless bikini, not very revealing as far as bikinis are concerned, but it was still a bikini Steve was really happy to see his wife in it.

"I love it." Steve replied. 

Katie let out a sign of relief. "You don't think it's too small?"

Steve tried not to laugh, "That's probably as much material you can have on a bathing suit and still call it a bikini. But it looks great on you, I'm so glad you're becoming more comfortable with your body."

"I'm just used to being a fat cow and not wanting anyone to see me. I didn't know if I was ready for a bikini." Katie started getting some tears in her eyes.

I gave Katie a hug and she rested her head on my chest. "Baby, you're beautiful, I've always loved the way you look and it's even better now with all the hard work you put in. I'm so proud of you."

"You're not worried about other men looking at me?"

"Not worried in the least, I'm proud of you and love showing the world that I have the hottest wife around and she's all mine."

Katie looked Steve in the eyes and smiled as he wiped a tear from her cheek.

"Now let's get you out of this, my sexy little thing." Steve said as his hands roamed.

Katie sat down on the edge of the sofa and Steve reached behind her and undid the clasp of her top. 

Katie gave a little gasp and pretended to act all shy. "Oh no, my bikini's falling off" she giggled as she let the top fall down releasing her perky little boobs.

Steve loved Katie's boobs, even when she was overweight they were always perfect and perky and just the way he liked them. They were like two small apples just waiting to be touched.

Steve knelt down and took one nipple in his mouth, as Katie gave a little moan, she loved having her nipples played with.

Katie could feel the dampness starting to build between her legs as her husband expertly sucked and flicked his tongue over her sensitive nipples.

Steve released her boobs and kissed her passionately on the lips as she eased back onto the sofa. Katie instinctively lifted her hips so Steve could remove her bottoms. She knew Steve always preferred to remove her clothes himself and this time was no different as he hooked his fingers in the waistband and slipped them down her legs revealing her closely trimmed and now very wet pussy.

Steve attacked her pussy with his mouth as Katie squealed and squirmed in pleasure. She locked her fingers in his hair and pushed his head harder into her mound. Katie was seeing stars it was so good, but she wanted more, she needed his cock.

"Please" she managed to gasp. "I need you inside me now..."

Katie didn't need to ask twice as Steve slid her ass to the edge of the cushion and buried himself inside her tight pussy in one push.

A loud gasp escaped her lips and Katie wrapped her legs around him trying to pull her husband closer and deeper. 

Steve pounded the hot brunette wife as hard as he could and it took every ounce of his being not to cum too soon. He managed to hold on until Katie screamed out her orgasm quickly followed by his own. 

The spent couple collapsed on the sofa with Katie's head on Steve's chest and her hand cupping his spent penis. "God you're good." Katie sighed, "You are the best husband a girl could ever want."

--

On the morning of the party, Katie was frantically running around making sure everything was perfect for the guests that would soon be arriving.

"Katie, Just relax and have a good time. Don't worry. Everything's going to be fine."

Just then the doorbell rang and Katie jumped with a little yelp, "Oh no, they're here already and I don't have the finger foods ready yet!"

"You go greet you're friends, I'll finish off in the kitchen."

Katie gave Steve a quick kiss and ran to the door to meet the first guests.

Soon there were about a dozen people milling around the pool eating BBQ chicken, hotdogs, burgers, and drinking beer and sodas. Everyone seemed to be having a great time and Katie was finally starting to relax, she was moving around the yard like a hummingbird checking in on everyone laughing and joking the whole time.

The rest of the afternoon went off without a hitch, some more friends arrived and others left after an hour or two. Katie finally sat down in a lounge chair with a glass of wine and let out a sigh. Her fears of no one showing up, or being a bad hostess were totally unfounded. The party was a success. 

Katie looked at her watch, it was almost supper time and most of the crowd had already gone home leaving only five of her close teammates behind. She really liked the guys, first there was Mike who was tall and handsome and had some great muscles. Mike sat in the cubicle beside her at the office and they often shared jokes during work, he made the time fly and her days really enjoyable. The second guy was Ben, he sat across the hall from Katie and was always talking about the latest TV shows and movies. Ben was super nice but didn't have the greatest body, he was maybe 5'6" and 250lbs. Sometimes Katie thought of how overweight she used to be when she thought about Ben but she never brought it up. The third co-worker was Jason, he worked on the company website and was into science fiction. His work area was decorated with all kind of memorabilia Katie had no idea about. Jason was tall and thin with thick curly hair, similar to her husband's. She really liked Jason although she often had no clue what he was talking about. Katie's co-worker Darren was still at the party too, he was really short, almost as short as Katie but was super funny and loved to go to parties and try and pick up women. Katie howled at the stories he'd tell of his weekends. The last employee left was Kevin, she didn't really know too much about Kevin's personal life as he was quiet about that but he was really nice to her and super helpful while she was learning her new job. According to the other guys he recently had a bad breakup with a longtime girlfriend and was still down in the dumps. The guys said he'd come around and he's cool once you get to know him. 

Katie spoke to her husband Steve, "You don't mind if these guys stay a little longer do you? They're my best friends at work and I've barely had time to talk to them."

"That's no problem they can stay as long as they want, I'll order some pizzas for supper. Why don't you ask them if they want to use the pool, no one's used it yet." Steve replied. 

Katie talked to her friends and led them into the house where they could get changed. "You guys can use the bathroom, or any of the bedrooms to get your suits on. See you outside in a couple minutes." She explained. 

"You're not getting changed?" Mike asked?

"In a bit, after you guys are done." Katie replied.

The guys changed into their bathing suits and headed to the pool and quickly started up a game of water volleyball. Katie looked at her husband and smiled. She was so happy that things were going well. 

"What a great day." she said.

The guys from the pool yelled out to her, "Hey Katie! When are you coming in?"

Katie looked at Steve and hesitated. "Go on, get changed, I'll start the cleanup." her husband said. Katie gave him a quick kiss and bounded inside.

She emerged a few minutes later wrapped in a beach towel and headed for the deep end of the pool. 

"Okay guys! Make way! Katie coming through!" she announced. As she got to the end of the pool she stopped and looked at Steve as though she was having second thoughts about being in a bikini in front of everyone. Katie took a deep breath, removed her towel and tossed it on a nearby chair revealing her new bikini.

The guys in the pool whistled and cheered and carried on like they never saw a woman before. Katie blushed but she seemed to really like the attention. She took a couple steps and did a running shallow dove into the deep end, swam underwater the length of the pool before popping up in the shallow end right in front of her co-workers.

"Hey guys!" She cheerfully said.

The guys had surprised expressions on their faces and it took a Katie a few moments to realize they were all looking at her chest.

Katie looked down and saw that her dive into the pool had pushed the strapless top of her bikini down and it was now floating freely at her waist. Her co-workers had a perfect close up view of her fully exposed breasts.

"Oh my god!" Katie quickly ducked into the water and pulled her top back up. Her face was beet red and she stammered, "I... I... can't believe that happened."

"Nothing to be embarrassed about" replied Mike, "those are the nicest boobs I've ever seen." The other guys agreed.

If Katie could possibly turn any redder she did, "Umm, thanks. I think."

Mike continued, "Don't worry about it, we're all friends here. Main thing is Kevin over here didn't lose his suit."

"Ha Ha, really funny" Kevin replied as the others laughed including Katie.

Katie swam over to the side of the pool and motioned her husband over. Steve bent down to talk to her. "I'm so so sorry," she said, "the guys saw my boobs, it was an accident, please don't be mad at me."

Steve gave her a quick kiss on the cheek, "It's okay Hun," he said laughing, "I know it was an accident, it was funny."

"I know you like showing me off, but I don't think that's what you had in mind." Katie giggled.

"Maybe, maybe not." Steve laughed.

Katie gave Steve a curious look, like she couldn't tell if I was serious or not. "Well as long as you're not mad..." Katie swam back to the guys in the pool.

"I'm not. Go have fun." Steve called after her.

Katie quickly got over the embarrassment "Okay, so who's up for some volleyball?"

Ben had the great idea of turning the sport into a drinking game. Whenever a point was scored, the person who missed the ball or hit it out needed to take a drink. Katie and the other guys thought it sounded like fun idea.

The group divided into teams of three and splashed and played in the pool. Katie quickly realized that not only was her bathing suit not made for diving, it wasn't very good for volleyball either. The men discovered that fact even quicker and the game turned into a "Hit the Ball to Katie and Make Her Have a Drink."

The guys kept hitting the ball to her and Katie kept missing. With each drive and jump for the ball Katie's breasts would make a brief appearance before being tucked back into her top. She kept looking at Steve to see if he was okay with all the fooling around but he was just laughing and joking along with everyone else.

Between all the penalty drinks and fixing her top, Katie couldn't stop laughing and had to call for a time out. "Guy's I need a break here. My sides hurt from laughing so hard. You don't realize how hard it is to play with one hand holding your top."

"Katie," Mike said, "maybe it would be easier to play if you just took it off." 

Everyone laughed as Katie turned red again.

"Well if you think so..." Katie moved her hands to her bikini top and for a moment it looked like she was going to pull it off before stopping with a laugh "Sorry guys! Not that drunk yet."

The guys groaned as they continued playing, but the word "yet" was not lost on anyone.

The doorbell rang, "Ah, the pizzas must be here." Steve said and walked into the house to get dinner for the group. Katie followed as the guys grabbed some seats on the patio.

Katie met her husband in the kitchen as he was bringing in the food, she was out of breath and grinning widely. "Oh my god, this party's insane," she exclaimed. "I haven't had this much fun in years. It feels so unreal being the center of attention. They think I'm hot!" 

"I've been telling you that for years." Steve replied

"I know," Katie smiled, "but you're my husband, I always thought you had to say that."

"Well maybe you'll start believing it now," said Steve giving Katie a quick kiss.

"Who would have thought these little boobies had so much power," the little brunette wife giggled. "You're sure things aren't going too far? They must have seen my boobs a dozen times by now."

Steve smiled at his wife, "You know where to draw the line, the flirting and flashing doesn't bother me."

"I can't believe I'm admitting this," Katie bit her lip nervously, "but the guys seeing me naked is really starting to turn me on. I can't wait to get you alone tonight."

Katie grabbed the pizzas and headed outside, "Dinner is served!"

Katie, Steve and the rest of the guys sat around, ate, drank and talked about anything and everything.

Ben asked how Katie and Steve became a couple. Katie told them the story of how we were high school sweethearts, and no guys really paid attention to her because she was fat back then. "Everyone except Steve," she said with a loving smile. "He was and is the most wonderful man I ever met. He loved me for who I was and believed I was beautiful before anyone else, including me, believed it." She continued and told them they stayed a couple all through college and got married soon after graduation.

"What prompted the weight loss? I had no idea." Ben asked.

Katie went on, "A couple years ago my mother had some health problems related to her weight and I decided that if I wanted to have a long life together with Steve I needed to get serious about my health. Steve has been amazing and with his help and encouragement I lost over 100lbs and have never been healthier."

"Wow, congratulations, you've done a great job and you look amazing," Ben replied. "I hope I can get my act together."

"I know you can," Katie got up and gave Ben a hug, "I believe in you."

The other guys congratulated her on her success and proposed a toast to Katie and Steve, the happiest couple they know.

Katie was a little teary eyed and thanked the guys for their complements, saying she's not used to other guys thinking she's pretty.

The mood lightened up after that as the guys told different secrets at work about all the managers and co-workers as well as hilarious stories of their dating successes and failures. The seven of them talked long into the night. 

Katie noticed most of the bottles were empty and got up to get some more beers for the guys, she wobbled a little as she stood up. "Whoa, head rush," she giggled. "I think I'm a little drunk." 

Darren spoke up, "So are you drunk enough... yet."

Katie realized he was talking about what she said at the volleyball game and started giggling again. "Yeah," She giggled, "I'm probably drunk enough. But it was an accident before, I don't think I can just strip in front of you all." Her face suddenly lit up with an idea. "Can you guys wait? I'm getting a little tired and want to get ready for bed to sleep this buzz off. Don't leave, I still want to say goodnight."

The guys shrugged as Katie went into the house, they watched her through the sliding glass doors as she went upstairs and returned with some clothes and a few other things. Katie approached the doors and adjusted the blinds then turned off the lights on the patio. The men were now sitting in the dark and could see Katie even better now without the reflections of the lights.

Katie sighed, "Much better." With the patio dark and being in the well-lit living room, she could no longer see the men and she could even pretend they weren't even there.

The fit brunette wife turned her back to the glass doors. "Here we go," she said under her breath and unclipped her top. She removed the bikini top, folded and neatly placed it on top of a nearby end table. Katie then moved her hands to the waist of her bottoms and slipped them down over her hips, letting them fall to the floor before stepping out of them.

"What's she doing?" her co-worker Kevin whispered.

"Getting ready for bed," Steve replied. 

Katie turned around so the men could get a good view of her completely nude from the front and set a small mirror on the nearby table. She picked up a small brush and began running it through her hair.

"I never knew brushing hair was so sexy..." Kevin said quietly. The other guys shushed him and told him to just watch.

After a couple minutes of brushing Katie loosely braided her long hair to keep it from getting tangled at night. The men sat enthralled watching her breasts rise and fall with her movements.

Satisfied with her hair, Katie picked up the oversized t-shirt she brought down and pulled it over her head. It was thin and white with a cute cartoon panda bear on the front and extended just a couple inches below her butt. While the shirt wasn't transparent, with the light behind her you could clearly make out the shape of her figure. She turned her back to the guys and bent over at the waist to pick up her bikini bottoms, her shirt rode up giving the men a full view of her ass and pussy from behind. 


"Whoa," the men said in unison.

Katie gathered her things and took them upstairs returning a moment later. Turning on the patio light she stepped outside in her night shirt.

"Oh, you're still here?" Katie tried to act surprised, "I had no idea, I hope you didn't see me getting changed."

Katie went around the group and gave a hug and quick kiss on the cheek to each of the guys. Each time she bent over she gave a little show of her perfect ass to the man behind her. Katie said goodnight thanked the guys for coming and headed inside and upstairs to her room. 

Her head was swimming with alcohol and the thoughts of what went on tonight. Katie pulled up her shirt and both hands moved between her legs. "Oh god, I'm horny," Katie thought. The beautiful wife was unable to wait for her husband to relieve her and began quickly massaging her clitoris. She gave a little groan as she slipped a finger inside her moist opening. It didn't take long before Katie's orgasm washed over her and she lay panting before slipping into a blissful sleep.

The house was small so Katie's co-workers decided it was best to leave for the night. There was a little awkwardness as they thanked Steve for the great party, and they hoped Katie was feeling better soon. Steve arranged the taxis and stayed with them until the last guest had left.

Steve went upstairs to the bedroom and found his wife on the bed snoring loudly with her shirt up around her chest and naked from the waist down, he was slightly disappointed he wouldn't be having sex with her tonight but knew he wouldn't need to wait long. 

It had been a long road getting Katie to open up sexually. Steve went through years of having sex with the lights out because Katie was so ashamed of how she looked and had no self-confidence. It was a lot of work slowly getting her to be comfortable with herself and now the sex was starting to be really good. Katie losing all the weight was just a huge bonus, she was a complete knockout now. 

This new confident sexuality of his wife was a huge turn on to Steve, it's what he always thought he wanted. Now he was just hoping he didn't open Pandora's Box. 

Steve carefully covered Katie with the bed sheet and headed downstairs to finish cleaning up.

--

Steve woke the next morning to the smell of bacon and his wife singing in the kitchen downstairs. 

Upon Steve entering the kitchen Katie ran over and gave her husband a big hug, "Good morning sunshine!" she beamed. "Have a seat, I have French Toast and some bacon for you."

Steve sat at the small kitchen table while Katie made up a plate for him and sat down to enjoy their breakfast together.

"How are you feeling this morning?" Steve asked.

"Really good actually, I'd thought I'd have more of a hangover but it's almost nothing." Katie replied through mouthfuls of her French Toast.

"And how about everything else?"

Katie put down her fork and thought a moment. "I'm not entirely sure what to think," she started, "it was one of the most fun, and sexy, and confusing days of my life." Katie paused a moment, "Steve?"

"Yeah?"

"They liked me," Katie said so softly it was almost a whisper.

"Of course they like you, they're your friends."

"No," Katie continued, "I could see their penises were hard when they were looking at me and..."

"Yes?"

"I really liked it," Katie said her face staring to flush. "I've never really felt that desire from anyone else other than you. I've never been the girl that guys lust after, and yesterday I was. And I really, really liked it." 

Katie paused a moment, "Steve?"

"Yes?"

Katie lowered her eyes, "Are you mad at me?"

"Not at all, you know I'm an artist and have seen lots of nude models of all types. Nudity doesn't bother me."

"I don't think this is quite the same thing," Katie replied.

Steve reached across the table and held Katie's hand. "Katie, you're just starting to get comfortable with your sexuality. Take all the time you need to figure things out. I trust you, you know where to draw the line." Steve paused for a moment, "Getting ready in front of the window was a nice touch." 

"Oh my!" Katie faked being shocked, "You mean they saw me?" She started giggling.

"Maybe a little."

"Steve?"

"Yeah?"

"I want to get naked again," said Katie with a little smirk.

"When?"

"Now," Katie stood up pulled off her night shirt revealing her completely naked body to her husband. "Think you can catch me?" Katie tossed her shirt to Steve and ran to the stairs with her husband close behind.

--

Monday morning came and Katie kissed her husband goodbye as she headed off to work. Steve could tell she was nervous and had a lot on her mind.

"Everything will be fine." Steve said.

Katie smiled, "Thanks. I'll give you a call later."

The morning went by without any problems, just the normal work issues that needed to be dealt with. But there was a certain tension in the air that made the work not nearly as fun. Katie decided she should get things out in the open and quickly typed up an email inviting the guys out for lunch. She was relieved when they all accepted.

-

The restaurant was one of the favorites they sometimes went to and the six of them grabbed a booth in the back where they could have some privacy.

"So..." Katie started, "I just wanted to say that the party was really fun and I have no regrets over what happened. I just want us to all stay friends and I really hope things don't get weird between us. I would just ask that you keep this private between us."

The guys seem relieved that Katie was fine and they were soon talking and joking like nothing ever happened. 

The group paid the bill and was getting ready to go when Mike asked the question all the guys were wondering. "Are you up for another party?"

Katie looked at Mike then the rest of the guys and gave a sexy little smile, "Maybe."

