Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 10)

Had she been thinking clearly, she would have focused her energies, and her right hand, on untying one of the knots immobilizing her. Surely with a calm, concerted effort, she could have figured out how to get herself loose. But stricken with panic at finding herself in a naked predicament in a public place, her mind demanded she give the sudden loss of clothing her full attention.

With her left hand attached uselessly to the netting above her, she only had one hand free to try and get to her sarong. She stretched her right hand as far as she could but was simply too high off the ground to reach it. The white and red cover-up, her only article of clothing, was lying in a heap just below her naked dangling body, almost taunting her.

Desperately, she thrashed her whole body again and again in an attempt to somehow extend or drop herself a little lower. She looked like some sexy little mermaid who had just traded her tail in for human legs. But instead of meeting some handsome prince and living happily ever after, she had managed to get her naked body entangled in a fisherman's net. A spotlight had formerly shined upon the lovely mermaids advertising barnacle guard. They were now overshadowed by the newest attraction at Riviera Dave's Bait Shop: the naked catch of the day!

Her flat stomach sucked in and out partially from the exertion and partially from her panicked out-of-control breathing. If she wasn't careful, she was going to hyperventilate. She had to keep pushing her blonde hair out of her face with her one free hand. But hanging at an awkward sideways angle, every time she looked down to spot the sarong, some unruly strands would tumble wildly out of control. She grunted in frustration after her vision got obscured one too many times. That girl really needed a hairband or something.

Every muscle on her fit body flexed with effort. But she was no match for Sailor Dave's knots and her clothing prize remained just out of reach. Her little bare toes were too cute in the way they scrambled for purchase on the linoleum floor. Surely, at some point, she would get the bright idea to use her right foot to grasp the sarong with her toes and lift it up to her hand, I thought. I decided I had better act now and remove the temptation before she figured that one out.

But before I made my move, I paused to admire her alluring naked form from a distance. Her right foot was stretched into a point, like a dancer poised mid-pirouette. The calf and thigh muscles of her right leg were utter perfection. She had taken up jogging as a hobby in the hopes of making the track team someday and her young, classically sculpted legs were a natural result.

Her left leg was folded in half by the nefarious rope, but I was still able to appreciate where her legs joined together. As I approached, my gaze remained trained directly between her legs. Her left leg was hiked up above the rest of her sideways body, causing her thighs to be hopelessly spread in a very unladylike fashion. Her unprotected pussy spread open wide as a result, exposing every intimate detail of her developing womanhood.

I had seen more than a few glimpses of her little flower since she began developing down there. So, believe it or not, I was actually more enthralled by a different opening at that particular moment. Despite all the times I had seen my sister naked, I couldn't recall ever seeing her with her legs spread. And for the first time in my life, I saw her cute little wrinkled asshole peeking out at me. Damn if that girl didn't somehow manage to even make an asshole look adorable!

Lucy's fighting spirit faded. Either she was tiring, or she was coming to accept the futility of the struggle. She drooped lifeless for a moment with her right hand hanging straight down in defeat. She allowed all her muscles to relax, only her right leg remained flexed, keeping her big toe anchored to the ground to reduce the dizzying sway. Hanging sideways, the outer curve of her perky right boob was slightly lower than the rest of her still heaving chest. Her pink nipples stood proud and stiff, another humiliating reminder of her total nakedness. And of course, even relaxed, her pink flower sat fully bloomed and on display.

Her wild eyes perked up when she saw me approaching. It was as if she had temporarily forgotten about me and was relieved to be reminded of my existence. Her cheeks were flushed, either from so much exertion with her head almost upside-down or from embarrassment at being stuck hanging naked; probably some mixture of both. Then she noticed I was staring between her legs, and quickly moved to cover her nakedness with the only thing she had left to use, her free hand. She held her hand clamped tightly over her pussy in a desperate attempt to preserve a tiny scrap of modesty. This new pose somehow made her look even more humiliated than before.

"Mikey, quick! Get me down! He's going to hurrrt meeeee!" she squealed.

"Now, Goosey," I admonished, "You heard Mr. Dave, he's just going to help you get a nice, close shave. Don't you worry. I wouldn't let him hurt you."

Any fleeting thoughts that I was here to help were dashed. But her disappointment turned back into hope when she saw me pick up her sarong and shake it out.

"Yes!" she cried, "Quick! At least put my wrap back on before he comes back."

"Your wrap?" I said, teasingly. "I believe it was our souvenir money that paid for this stupid thing. So, that would make it our wrap."

For the second time in a matter of seconds, her hopes were dashed, and even incapacitated as she was, I could still detect her naked shoulders slumping in defeat.

"I will make you a deal, though," I offered in trade, "you be on your best behavior when Mr. Dave gets back. Hold real still and do whatever he asks, ok? And when he's done, I will consider letting you wear your wrap for a while. Deal?"

She nodded her head vigorously. What else choice did she have?

I patted her on the head with a patronizing "good girl". As I started to fold up her sarong, an extremely small movement caught my eye, and I looked down to investigate. The fingers of her right hand were making the tiniest little motion. It was so subtle I might have missed it if I didn't know what I was looking at. But my practiced eye could tell immediately that Lucy…was pleasuring herself! It's kind of a long story, but I had watched her masturbate before, more than once, and I recognized her technique, no matter how covert.

"Lucy Marie Jenkins," I chastised with my face screwed up in disapproval, "you know you're not allowed to play with yourself while you're in the middle of a dare!"

"Mikey, no!" she cried as she watched me walk over to the rope counter, "it was an accident. Please!"

"Accident or no, you just can't be trusted." I said with a disappointed shake of my head. I could tell she wanted to argue, but she had no leg to stand on. Figuratively, I mean. Technically, she was still standing on one bare leg. Well, more dangling than standing, but you get the point. Using one of the new knots Sailor Dave had just taught me, I made a loop in the rope and walked up to her.

She tensed up initially, looking like she was going to try and resist. But she was trapped with no way to run away and very few options. I held the rope up menacingly like I was going to spank her bare leg with it if she didn't comply. I didn't even have to go through with the threat. She yelped then immediately held out her one remaining free wrist in total acquiescence.

I tightened the loop around her wrist then looked around for the perfect spot on the net to immobilize her hand as punishment. I decided, for symmetry, to extend her arm straight out beside her. Now, if her two hands were hands on a clock, she was signaling 9:00! Each of her limbs were more or less pointing in a different direction that way.

With both arms now outstretched, it left her armpits open and unprotected. With no way to fight back, I couldn’t resist to send my hands sliding down her arms to her sides. She let out an uncontrolled giggle at my brief impromptu tickling. But then she momentarily forgot herself, closed her eyes, and shivered in delight when I let my fingers roam onto the swell of her breasts and gently graze her engorged nipples.

"Wait, where are you going?" she asked in surprise when she opened her eyes again only to find me walking away from the clearing. I turned back to look at her. Even from some distance away, I could see a new sheen of slick moisture coating her naked pussy mound. Her body's little factory was finally up to temperature. A little more pressure and she would be churning out the most spectacular diamonds in no time.

I almost thought it too much to leave her hanging alone and naked like that with her body heating up and all her most intimate little girl parts spread and exposed. But I was on a roll. I had to listen to my own creative juices on the matter. "I'm just going to do some browsing until Mr. Dave gets back with his kit. You'll be fine," I replied.

Turning with a wink, I added, "Just hang in there!" She didn't laugh at my joke. She looked like she wanted to whine and stomp her foot, but instead could only resume struggling against her bonds with a greater urgency.

"NO, MIKEEEE! Please? You can't leave me here!" She cried out in real alarm when I was almost out of sight, "What if someone else comes along and sees...sees my....everything!"

"You should have thought of that before you broke the rules and started playing with yourself." I replied matter-of-factly, "just give them your brightest Lucy smile in greeting. They'll be so distracted by you flashing your smile, maybe they won't even notice that you're flashing everything else!"

The last thing I heard as I walked out of range was a steady high-pitched "Mikeeeeeeeeeee" until it was drowned out by the pleasant store music coming from some speakers overhead.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 11)

I wasn't in the least bit interested in shopping, of course. It was just an excuse to clear her sarong from the area. Instead, I made my way around the department and found a spot in a nearby aisle where I could covertly peek through some shelves unnoticed.

I saw my naked sister still hanging right where I had left her, on display and in the spotlight. She would be very hard to miss were any lucky shopper to happen by. Without me around, she had given up whining and had mostly stopped trying to shake herself free. Forsaken and alone, she only made occasional half-hearted liberation attempts. She would use different muscle groups each time in case some random untried combination held the key to her escape. But each cute flex of her muscles was thwarted by the unyielding ropes holding her fast.

She remained alert the whole time and jumped at every sound, no matter how small. Her wild eyes would look all around trying to identify the source. Her preservation instinct was in high gear and had to be wearing on her poor little nerves. Every motion or sound could mean her demeaning predicament was no longer a secret. It had to be only a matter of time before some lucky shopper found her.

Her attention was drawn to the unfortunate situation between her legs. She was still feeling the effects of the recent manual stimulation down there and her body had responded by producing even more moisture. Unable to use her hands, she instead raised her free leg to temporarily close her thighs. For a moment, she was able to bring her outer pussy lips together. She made a much more demure and innocent sight this way. Her young, slightly plump mound formed into a thin line, curving to disappear between her legs. One of the softest places on her body had to be that adorable little cleft at the very top of her pussy.

Maybe it was the change in position. Maybe lifting her right leg improved blood circulation to her center. Or maybe closing her thighs was able to provide just a tiny amount of pressure and stimulation her sex organs were aching for. Whatever it was, it seemed to help with the throbbing ache between her clenched thighs. She let out a contented sigh at the momentary relief.

Unfortunately, despite her well-tone jogging muscles, keeping her unsupported leg up next to the bound one for more than a few seconds proved impossible. As her strength faltered, she regretfully dropped her right foot back to the ground. Like opening the cover of the world's sexiest book, her outer lips were drawn apart once again. She could hide behind whatever visage she thought would mask her inner struggle from the world. But she could not hide the truth written all over those fleshy inner pages.

Her juicy inner sanctum was shaded in darker pinks and wetness overflowed to spread onto her mound and beyond. The copious amounts of moisture her aroused body was churning out had to go somewhere. Every passing breath of air playing coolly upon her newly moistened skin and overheated flesh and made her squirm anew.

Being utterly incapacitated, she could only thrust her pelvis uselessly to meet the air. The cruel open air responded with nothing more than gentle kisses against her wanton naked sex. Even her stiff nipples were off limits and frustratingly out of her reach.

She twisted and squirmed, trying everything to alleviate the ache in her loins. She worked the muscles of her core in an alluring rippling motion, and I could make out something flexing within the recesses of her feminine folds. I was too far away to get a good look at it, but I wondered if perhaps that was the elusive button I had been theorizing about; the one that operated her diamond factory.

It made sense to me that she would have specialized parts and muscles down there. I mean, As built differently as I was, I was somewhat able to control my own equipment when I was excited (not that it's any of your business). But it was just a theory. I thought maybe I could research it further at the library when we got back from our vacation.

After a rather unproductive session spent squirming and thrusting, she grunted in frustration and paused. She tossed her head to try and clear the hair from her face. That was only a marginally more successful effort. She looked up and wiggled the toes of her bent left leg as if she were trying to improve the blood circulation to her foot. Her leg had been hiked up above her head for some time now and I wondered if she was starting to lose feeling in that extremity.

The rope holding her did not look to have been tightened for cruelty and she did not show any signs of painful distress. Dave was quite effective with his knots, but he was very efficient and did nothing unnecessarily. It wasn't biting into her flesh in any painful way that I could tell. I think she was just uncomfortable from being stuck in the same position for so long.

Her neck also appeared to be fatiguing from the strain of holding up her head in such an awkward position. In between frantic scans for intruders, she would lower her head to rest it on her outstretched arm. But she would jump back to attention when some other phantom sound reached her ears. It was during one of those episodes, a short time later, when her luck ran out and the poor little horny mermaid was finally discovered.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 12)

I couldn't have planned it any better if I had tried. A fisherman, or rather a boy, around Lucy's age came waltzing around the corner completely unaware of the unbelievable scene that awaited him. He looked every bit the part. He was wearing one of those beige vests covered in pockets. He even had a matching hat with lures hooked all over it.

On cue, she raised her head to the sound of his approaching footfalls like she had already done so many times before. I think she was caught off-guard when it wasn't a false alarm this time. The boy was equally surprised to find a cute naked girl hanging spread-eagle before him.

His tall boots, which were made to grip slippery rocks, made a loud squeaking sound as he skidded to a halt. Lucy's eyes went as wide as saucers, and she sucked in a sharp breath and held it. They locked eyes and stared in shock at each other for a few silent seconds; neither one daring to even blink or breathe.

Her unmatched beauty was apparent despite her unusual position and lack of clothes; or maybe because of it. Her piercing blue eyes shined brightly and unblinking at him through her dangling strands blonde hair. Her mouth hung open as if she had been in the middle of speaking a word, but no words came out. If anything, her disheveled appearance may have contributed to the idea that she really was some wild sea creature who had been hauled ashore against her will.

But her breasts would never be mistaken for a fish. Her parted pussy lips and playfully winking asshole left no doubt that she was all human and all female.

Suddenly, the store bell gonged loudly overhead and broke the stalemate. The boy, who looked equally as scared at having encountered Lucy as she was of him, unexpectedly spun around and bolted from sight.

I could only guess at why he had run away. Maybe her impressive naked physiology was too much for him to take and scared him off. If so, he wouldn't be back. But it was more likely he was running to tell someone else what he had found. In that case, he very well could come back with any number of others in tow. I suspected the second scenario the most likely of the two.

Lucy must have been thinking the same thing and had come to the same conclusion. If her secret shame was out, she didn't have any time to waste. She began thrashing violently and with renewed urgency. Now she really did resemble a fish caught in a net desperate to somehow break free.

She grunted through gritted teeth, lifting her free foot off the ground once again and trying to kick the rope free from her other leg. But that accomplished nothing except to cause her to swing dizzyingly against the netting and make her lightheaded. She had to put her foot back down to steady herself and keep from passing out.

She continued trying everything else she could think of to avoid another humiliating encounter with that boy. If by some miracle she was able to free herself, whomever the boy brought back would conclude he was telling fantastical tales. Perhaps they would look at the mermaids on the signage selling barnacle guard and assume the boy's pubescent mind had produced a fantasy and the naked girl caught in a net was nothing more than a figment of his overactive imagination.

Their meeting, no matter how humiliating, had been brief. The only thing that would make it worse would be for him to return and for Lucy to be subjected to even more embarrassing exposure. Poor girl. Despite her best efforts, nothing in the way of a last second escape transpired. The boy did return not much later dragging his big brother behind him. And she was not a figment of his imagination. Despite all her thrashing, he arrived to find the girl just as secured, just as spread open, and just as naked as he had described it to his brother. The only thing she had managed to change in the interim was to make herself out of breath and even more disheveled looking.

When the two boys appeared, she stopped struggling and froze. Her wide eyes met the older boy who was enjoying his first sight of her humiliating naked display. The younger brother stood with a huge, satisfied smile on his face, like he had just hauled in the biggest fish of the trip.

The older brother looked to be at least my age or older - in his mid to late teens. He was dressed in exactly the same fisherman's outfit. They must have been here on some kind of family fishing trip. He was tall and strapping with a mop of slightly curly black hair. I'm sure Lucy would consider him cute. In another setting, she would have been flirting and fawning all over him. But she was in no position to flirt. No position to do much of anything but hang there and exhibit her naked body’s every secret for him.

Defeated, she dropped her eyes to stare at the floor, letting her hair fall to partially obscure her blushing face; the only form of privacy she could summon. But she could still feel their eyes roaming all over her naked body, taking in every exposed inch of her burgeoning femininity, especially her glistening pink flower. She couldn't even stop it from occasionally twitching from arousal.

"Ahoy!" a voice barked at the group from out of nowhere. Sailor Dave had a knack for catching you by surprise. I guess that was a valuable talent for a fisherman to possess. He was carrying a wide-mouthed metal pail along with another package that had to be the shaving kit.

"Sorry for the delay. Gotta cast while they’re bitin'. Had a customer, a slick city busy-ness man - wants to impress a client. Offered me a few hundred dollars to make him look the part of a real fisherman. Only, he don't know the first thing about fishing. Only way he's gonna end the day with a fish is if he starts out the day with two, he-he!"

Dave sat down his supplies before turning to greet the fan club Lucy’s naked charms had attracted.

"And who do we have here?" he asked, approaching the boys too quickly for someone with such a crooked gait. They were still a little overwhelmed by the whole situation and when they didn't respond immediately, he filled in the silence with his own narrative.

"Silent type, eh? Don't blame you. Round here, you open your mouth, you're libel to catch a hook, he-he! I suppose you'll wanna be watching the demonstration?"

Any demonstration involving a naked tied-up girl, they would gladly volunteer to watch. They both nodded their heads assuredly. Like lightning, he lashed out at the younger boy and gripped him firmly by the chin, scrutinizing his face for a moment. Then he turned to the older one and did the same thing.

"Young'n don't look ready yet," he said to the older boy, "but you got enough years on you. Might as well both of ye stick around. If you've never seen a shave with a straight razor, you're in for a real treat. It'll change yer life!"

Lucy had remained silent and still throughout this rather one-sided exchange. But then he flipped open the lid of the kit and pulled out the strop. When he snapped the sturdy piece of leather against itself with a loud crack, she couldn't suppress her fearful yip. It had fed her unfounded fear of getting spanked. The younger boy let out a snicker at her reaction. But the older boy was too busy enjoying the way it made her naked bits jiggle enticingly to react.

I left my hiding place and decided to join the presentation area. I didn't want to be too far away and miss a thing! So, tucking the sarong easily into my pocket, I retraced my steps intending to come up from behind them. By the time I made it around the department and got there, a couple more observers had joined the group. They were a couple of local fishermen; old-timers who knew Dave and had just wandered over to join the fray.

Lucy glanced over when I arrived, but there was so much going on by then that she didn't give me much beyond that. The greater, more imminent threat demanding her full attention had to be Mr. Dave.

He worked with the manual dexterity one would expect from a life-long sailor. He had threaded countless lures onto fishing line by moonlight. And he seemed to know his way around a simple straight razor shaving kit. He unpacked the kit with cool efficiency. After using the hook at the end of the strop to hang it onto the netting behind him, he pulled out a fancy white ceramic bowl with gold inlay. I later learned the bowl is called a scuttle. Next came a short, stocky brush full of soft-looking bristles. He extracted an exotic dark bottle of something from the kit box and set it on the counter nearby. Then he pulled out the most important object of all, the straight razor.

With a flick of the rich ivory handle, a long, rectangular, silver blade flipped out with a satisfying "shoosh". It sure looked plenty sharp already. But what did I know? Sailor Dave held it aloft for a moment, scrutinizing it in the bright light. He sure knew how to put on a show. He must have felt it needed a bit more polish and stepped up to the strop. With a practiced, back-and-forth motion, he drew the blade up and down the thick leather repeatedly until it had a gleaming, impossibly sharp edge.

I marveled at the specialized piece of equipment perfectly designed to do one thing and one thing well; separate a person's hair from their skin in the closest manner possible. Lucy had been watching the proceedings silently and with a look of sheer terror. She did not want that blade to come anywhere near her virginal body. A razor had never slid across her flawless skin, and she didn't know what to expect. But what could she do to stop him now? Her only option was to dig deep down and just somehow find some way to endure it.

I had been shaving my face for some time with those plastic disposable razors. So, I kind of knew what to expect. Despite the menacing image that razor presented, I'm sure, if she remained still like I had ordered, she was in no real danger of getting hurt. Mr. Dave seemed to know what he was doing.

The old-timers started razzing Dave; asking if he was qualified to handle such a sharp blade. He got distracted by their verbal teasing and started throwing his own insults back. All the while, Lucy could do nothing but hang there naked while they exchanged jabs.

At one point, one of them asked him to explain his naked little mermaid. To her great embarrassment, Dave explained how little Lucy had lost her swimsuit and had then asked for a shave so she wouldn't have to get a bikini wax. When he said she had volunteered to help him demonstrate his deluxe shaving kit (for sale on aisle 4, if you're interested), they were more than happy to stick around and watch. Why not? You can catch a fish any day, right? How often do you get to watch something like this?

Dave threw a small towel over his shoulder and moved over to retrieve the water pail, which I guessed was made for holding live bait or maybe crawdads or shrimp. It had a handle and I estimated would hold about two gallons. Grabbing the handle, he said he had to run and get some warm water and would be right back. By the time he returned, Lucy's audience had swelled by two more. Two fly fishermen with their long, fancy fly poles had joined the group.

Lucy had to hang there naked and exposed and listen to these new customers receive the story of how the naked careless girl, who couldn’t even keep up with a simple swimsuit, had volunteered for Riviera Dave's close shave demonstration in the process. He would have been finished setting up by now if he didn't stop to gab so much. It felt like he had a joke response ready or piece of sage advice for every statement that was spoken.

He had just finished getting everything in perfect position when yet another customer arrived. He was just some lucky shopper in plain clothes who had happened upon the proceedings. Of course, Dave had to tell the story again. Like any good fisherman, he tended to embellish it with each retelling. By now large parts of the story were incorrect or exaggerated, but Lucy was too shy in her naked suspended state to dare open her mouth now in front of seven strangers and try to correct the record. She just stood there poised on one foot with her whole body prepared and spread for the impending deed. I'm sure by now she silently wished Dave would shut up, stop talking about giving her a shave, and get on with actually doing it already!

When the story was finished, the man shrewdly decided to stick around and watch the show. So much time had passed, I wondered if the water in the pail hadn't gone cold by now. I wasn't even sure what Dave was planning to do with that water. Was he going to dump it on her? I knew how much she hated being cold. Oh well, it couldn't be helped now.

Dave picked up the ceramic bowl, the scuttle, which I could now see wasn't empty. It was actually full almost to the rim with a solid substance, a powder or soap of some sort. Dipping the brush into the water to get it nice and wet, he started whipping it around the surface of the bowl. He kept whipping until the solid material was worked up into a rich fluffy lather. All the while, he extolled the virtues of this wonderful kit (for sale on aisle four, if you weren't listening before. Don't delay, they won’t last long!)

When the hand-whipped shaving cream was ready, he pulled out the brush. The bristles were heavy-laden with white lather. Without even bothering to ask Lucy if she was ready, he lashed out his hand and painted a white stripe down the front of his demonstration partner’s leg. That struck me as odd. I guess I had assumed he was going to merely shave her pubic area, something that wouldn't take more than a minute or so. But Sailor Dave had other plans. He was going to demonstrate the effectiveness of his kit by shaving both her legs also! He kept painting, dipping back in for more lather as he went until her entire right leg from her pelvis down to her ankle was completely white. Then he kicked the bucket into position beneath her.

Lucy couldn't watch. She turned her head and squeezed her eyes closed adorably as the blade moved in. Her downy soft leg hairs were hardly worth the trouble. But that wasn't about to stop old Dave.

The blade made soft scraping sounds as he deftly swiped down her leg. Everywhere it slid, the cream was stripped away; presumably along with her body hair and perhaps the top layer of her skin. It looked to be that sharp! Every little bit, he would dunk the razor into the bucket to rinse it off. He only slowed down slightly over her kneecap to make sure he didn't knick her. The viewing gallery was reduced to a murmur of awe as he knelt down to expertly remove every last hair from her straight right leg.

Standing up and appraising his work, he grabbed the brush and began working up another batch of lather. Her left leg, being folded in half, looked like it would be a little trickier. But he attacked it without hesitation and was able to make quick work even with all the extra bends and crevasses.

Now for the moment of truth. He had been working around her bikini area the whole time, focusing on her extremities. It was one thing to have your legs shaved by someone else. But it was something entirely different to trust your most sensitive and private parts to someone you just met who was wielding a long sharp blade.

But Lucy, perhaps emboldened by her experience so far, adopted a look of fierce determination. She hadn't been cut so far and could see the finish line now. She just had to get through this next part. She did tense visibly and squeezed her eyes shut when he scooped up a heavy dallop then pointed the brush directly at her most tender parts.

She accidentally let out a sexy little gasp when the soft wet bristles made contact with her moist sex. Everyone noticed. It was the first sound she had made since the whole thing began. Her body betrayed her, and her resolve faltered. She began writhing erotically as he moved the brush in a slow circular motion.

I could tell the bristles were too stimulating and she couldn't help herself. Despite the audience, she thrust her pelvis lewdly forward in a desperate attempt to get the brush to push that magic button I knew was somewhere inside her, the one that made her diamonds.

But the brush didn't stay in one spot very long and despite her best efforts, she couldn't make enough contact before it was already moving away. He continued brushing outward in ever-larger circles until everything from her thighs almost to her belly button was coated in the thick white substance. Then he moved behind her and painted her ripe bottom; even the part where her butt crack came together to form her wrinkled little hole.

Before he could shave the cream away, a new voice interrupted the proceedings. "There you are," said the perturbed voice. I surmised it was the boys' father since he was dressed exactly like them in the same beige fishing outfit.

"Our boat's about to leave and I've been looking everywhere fo...what the hell?"


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 13)

The man was understandably confused at what he had stumbled upon. His eyes bulged when he first noticed the topless young lady wearing what looked like the world's strangest pair of shorts and suspended by some ropes. He kept looking back and forth between her and his sons, but I noticed his gaze lingering longer on Lucy each cycle.

His quick-thinking older son spoke first. "Hey, dad, remember when you said I could spend my birthday money however I want? We'll they're giving a special demonstration of their shaving kit. It's for sale on aisle four. I think I might want to buy one when this is over."

The younger brother joined the fray, "I haven't spent my money from grandma yet. I want one too!"

That surprised the dad. He was pretty sure his younger son didn't even shave yet. It must be some demonstration to make both his kids want to spend their funds to get one! When he paused to think, Riviera Dave interjected.

"You're welcome to stick around, cap'n." he offered, "but you better hustle on over to aisle four. We'll be sold out in no time when this is over, I guarantee you that. Now, where were we?"

The father was still processing the scene and appeared to be conflicted. Dave didn't wait for a response but returned to shaving Lucy. With regular swipes, he removed the cream from her abdomen.

When he realized she was more than just topless, the father's mouth dropped open. Making up his mind, he leaned in and spoke softly to his boys. "Ok, we can stay. But don't tell your mother about this."

With the skill of a surgeon, Dave slowed his hand when he came to the top of her perfect cleft. Working deliberately and with great care, he scraped his way down her already smooth labia. Gradually, more and more of her freshly shaved mound came into view until her whole pink pussy was once again bared to the group.

He continued working around all the tiny curves and crevasses between her legs including her adorable anus. By the time he was finished, I think the father was considering buying a kit for himself. Too bad the demonstration model girl wasn't included!

The group had been standing somewhat in a semi-circle equidistant from the hanging girl on display. Up to this point, only Mr. Dave had come any closer to her than about 15 feet. That buffer was breached when he motioned the younger brother to come closer.

Picking up the dark green bottle he said, "I need an assistant for this next part."

The boy, having apparently recovered from his initial shyness of being around a naked girl, approached eagerly until he was close enough to touch her. Lucy eyed him nervously but couldn't move away or prevent whatever was about to happen next; neither could she in any way prevent his hungry eyes from learning up-close about every secret her body possessed.

Dave asked the boy if he had ever used aftershave. When he said "no", Dave pantomimed what to do. He pretended to sprinkle some liquid from the bottle onto his own hands then patted the boy's cheeks firmly as if he had just finished shaving.

To Lucy's great dismay, he then instructed the boy to go around and apply aftershave to everywhere the razor had already been on her. Lucy clearly did not like Dave giving this boy permission to be pawing all over her bare body.

While the boy scrambled to peel away the plastic wrapping around the cap of the bottle, Dave unexpectedly grabbed the scuttle and began working up yet another lather. This confounded both Lucy and me. He had already shorn away every hair from her body below the neck, right? What use could he possibly have for more lather? She looked up in fear as his shadow fell over her sideways face. Was he going to shave her head next?!

The boy got the bottle open and sprinkled some liquid out until it coated his hands. Kneeling beneath her, he reached out and applied the first dose starting at her ankle. Lucy, having had no previous experience with aftershave, was initially shocked by the brief burning sensation shooting up her leg. She flinched and jerked her leg away momentarily. She looked down in alarm that her leg might be on fire or something. But all she saw was a very happy boy eagerly patting his way up her calf muscle.

Meanwhile, Dave was still stirring the brush in the bowl and studying her upper body. I realized he was looking at her armpits for signs of hair. Even though he saw nothing but bare Lucy skin, I guess he decided to go ahead and shave her there too. He didn't seem the type to leave a job half-finished. With the batch of lather whipped into just the right consistency, he stuck the brush directly into her left armpit.

Lucy gasped when the brush contacted the sensitive underside of her arm. Then she giggled as Dave tickled the soft bristles up and down her armpit to spread the lather. Just then the boy, who had sprinkled out a fresh coat of aftershave, resumed his patting. He had finished her lower leg and moved above her knee.

A myriad of emotions flashed on the trapped girl's face as the continuous assault to her senses overstimulated her nerve endings. A wince of pain from the aftershave hitting her sensitive thigh, then a brief giggle which caused her hanging breasts to jiggle enticingly. Then fear as the gleaming razor blade flashed in front of her face and landed on the skin of her armpit. Then embarrassment as she glanced up at the audience watching her naked ordeal play out. Then arousal when she realized this cute boy was now close enough that she could feel his breath on her freshly shaved pussy mound. And the whole time, a blush stayed on her cheeks, advertising her true feelings of utter humiliation.

The boy didn't stop when he reached the top of her leg. He simply kept going moving his hands right up onto her rump. It didn't take him long to notice how her bottom jiggled adorably in response to his pats. Before long he was happily pattering a rhythm upon the bulging bottom of his naked plaything.

Lucy gasped at the boy's intimate incursion. Her glistening flower flexed involuntarily as he continued his gentle spanking. Dave was finished with her left armpit and began brushing the lather onto her right. She giggled again, but her arm was trapped in an extended state, and she could not stop his brush from moving wherever he wanted it to go.

Always the salesman, he called out a question to the boy loud enough for the audience to hear. "She's smoother than silk now, wouldn't you say?"

The boy nodded a hearty agreement. He was in heaven. In his opinion, Lucy's supple bare skin was the best thing that ever existed! He looked over at his brother with a huge grin on his face. The brother glared back at him jealously.

As an alcohol-based liquid, aftershave evaporates quickly and leaves behind only clean, dry skin. So, when the boy moved around to Lucy's front to deliver the next batch, he was surprised to find something wet.

"Um, excuse me, Mr. Riviera," he said, nodding to the drop of mysterious liquid slowly running down her thigh. Her little moisture engine had kicked back into high gear from all the manual stimulation and overflowed its bounds. The oblivious boy thought something was wrong with her.

Mr. Dave paused his shaving hand and appraised the situation. "Sprung a leak, have we?" he observed, peering intently between her legs. I could tell she was trying to keep control of herself down there. But to her great embarrassment, she couldn’t stop her pussy from making an involuntary spasm at that moment and another line of wetness escaped her rather juicy interior. It rolled down to join the first drops. With a wink, Dave whipped the small towel off his shoulder and handed it to the boy with instructions to "swab the deck and get back to work".

The boy dragged the towel up her thigh to wipe off her uncontrolled secretion. When he got to her pussy mound, I'm sure he could feel her heat even through the towel. He got to spend the rest of his time alternating between applying aftershave and staying on Lucy juice duty.

When Dave was finished with her pits, he started to pack up the kit while the boy moved into position to apply aftershave up top. She closed her eyes and shivered when his bare hands made contact with the newly shaved areas under her arms. But her eyes snapped back open in shock when she felt his hands sliding down to cup her bare breasts. It was unnecessary since Dave hadn't shaved there, but I guess her forbidden fruits hanging so enticingly within arm’s reach capped by those adorable pink nipples were just too much of a temptation for a young man to pass up.

He and Lucy were practically face to face. They locked eyes as he sampled a real live girl's breasts for the first time in his life. From the look of sheer euphoria on his face, I think she made him a boob man for life. I caught him giving them a little squeeze then he moved his fingertips to sample her nipples. Lucy was either too polite or too shy to stop him, but I felt he had crossed a line. He was no longer assisting Rivera Dave with his presentation. He was now fondling my sister's tits for his own amusement.

My sister was too good for this weasel. He may spend the rest of his life pursuing it, but I doubted he will ever experience a nicer pair than he got to feel that day. I started to step up to remove the boy's hands and protect my sister, but Dave beat me to it.

The boy let go of her little boobies when he heard Dave's voice addressing the crowd. "There you have it, folks. The best shave of your life, guaranteed. And it's available today right over on aisle four. Want to impress the lady in your life? Get one of these! With just a little practice, you'll be giving her better than any expensive wax could ever do. But it's first come, first served, so you better act fast. These kits will be gone with the tide!"

Initially, everyone was stunned into silence. But the lone wolf shopper was the first to recover. He turned and hurried off with a purpose. Perhaps fearing he might buy out the entire stock of kits, the older brother jumped and ran to catch up with him. That started a stampede. Everyone was impressed by Lucy's demonstration and wanted their own kit. Even the old-timers! Too bad Lucy wasn't included!

With everyone gone, I decided this would be a good time to make our exit without causing too much of a scene. I got Sailor Dave to help untie Lucy. It was almost comical how easily the knots slipped loose when pulled the right way. He even gave me the shave kit for free as a parting gift. It was the least he could do after we must have made him a fortune selling them.


