Kelly Kelly
by pat172883

New neighbor enjoys being watched.

So I have always been one that enjoyed watching the neighbor ladies while they worked around their house. While a previous neighbor Carla was a pleasure to have next door but once her husband found out about us they were done and she moved out. She was one of the good ones and I do still miss her.

Well, all things happen for a reason. Pete and Kelly moved in now. Pete is a big guy and in law enforcement so I thought this would be trouble because Kelly is a fucking knock out.

Lucky for me Pete works many long hours and Kelly does like to work outside. Shortly after they moved in, Kelly started planting flowers and vegetables alongside their house. That side that is right next to my office window.

This spring it was cooler so Kelly was wearing some warmer clothes but as summer arrived, she started wearing shorts and tank tops. That is when things started for me. I told myself this time would be different. This time I would just leave the neighbor lady alone. Then Kelly went and planted a garden.

Well one hot afternoon I happen to spot Kelly out working on her flower garden. She is probably mid 30's and has shoulder length dark black hair. Her eyes are a dark brown almost matching her hair they are so dark. She stands about 5 foot 2 inches and I will bet she does not weigh more than 115 pounds. Her ass is perfectly round and her tits are not large but certainly not flat. She is that beautiful girl next-door type. On this day, she was looking too good for me to resist any longer.

So being the pervert that I am I strip down to only having a shirt on. This way if she should happen to see me looking at her from the window I at least appear to be clothed. As I watch her bend over pulling every little weed in the garden, I can feel my cock getting harder. I have the window open so I know I have to be quiet. I start to slowly stroke my cock as I watch Kelly. I imagine putting my cock inside her pussy. I imagine taking her from behind. Her thinking I am Pete and letting me pound away on her tight little ass. The more I think about it the harder I pump and the closer I get to popping my load. Kelly's back is towards me and she bends over showing me that ass I am thinking about pounding. I start to blow my load all over the wall below the window.

At some point I must have made a sound and Kelly turns to look at the window. Seeing me with my "oh fuck I'm cumming" face I am sure she knows what just happened.

She asks, "Is everything ok?"

"All is great here, you?"

"Pretty hot out here. I feel all wet and sweaty." She replied.

"Well, be sure to not get heat stroke." I said stupidly.

"Heat stroke is not the only stroking to worry about if you know what I mean." She said.

I could feel my face turn bright fucking red. I quickly walked away without saying anything else. I was sure Pete would be over later when he got home to kick my ass.

Well a few days passed and I was out mowing the lawn. Pete was out and he waved hello. I waved back hoping that would be it. When I finished putting the mower away I heard Pete.

"Hey Pal how is it been? I haven't seen you out much."

I walked over towards Pete and said, "Just been feeling a little under the weather lately. Getting some sun today should help. I probably should not get much closer though. How have you been?"

"All good here. Fucking job is crazy with all the shit going on right now."

"I hear you." I said. "Been a long time since we had normal anything. Hey, I have to run I got a friend coming over and I have to get dinner going. I'll catch you later OK?"

"Have fun buddy. Life is too short to not get a little now and then." He said with a sly smile.

While I was sure he was just referring to me getting laid tonight I had it in the back of my mind that maybe, just maybe, he was telling me to bang Kelly. Yeah no fucking way could that be what he meant so I just let that thought leave my mind.

Well, for about a week, we had rain and I did not see Kelly out. All was good since Pete did not decide to end my life for jacking off to his wife. Maybe she did not know what I was doing that day. Either way I was happy when the weather report showed the rain ending and the temperatures climbing the next day.

I went to office the next morning to log into work. I have my work computer setup so I can see out the window. Kelly was there just as I had hoped. This time she was bent over but facing me. She had on a loose top and no bra. Her titties were just hanging there begging to be held. I could feel my cock start to harden just watching her move back and forth. I was being careful to make sure I would not have another episode like last time when she likely caught me.

So I watched her as she would spin around to take care of other plants. That was when I noticed she was wearing just a bikini bottom. I was so busy watching those little mounds I did not notice. I was just getting to undoing my pants again when she walked away into the house.

Feeling like I missed my chance for today I went upstairs to my bedroom with my laptop figuring I would watch a little porn and jack one off quick so I could get some work done. That is when I spotted Kelly getting ready to lay out on their deck.

Fuck that woman looked even hotter than when she worked on the garden. While she was still wearing the tiny bikini bottoms, she had taken off her top but she was just lying face down. I fucking missed the show. Her bottoms were pulled up tight in her ass to minimize tan lines I am sure.

I stood there hoping she would flip over but then I noticed that their tree was soon going to be covering her in shade. I knew she would be moving in the next 15 minutes or so to keep in the sun. I took a chance and guessed that she would move over toward my house, which would be in the sun for quite some time.

Sometimes chances pay off. I got setup behind one of the bushes and about 5 minutes later here comes a topless Kelly carrying her towel. She laid it out on the grass not 10 feet from where I was. She was facing right at me when she sat down. I was getting nervous that she would spot me but she laid back with her legs slightly open.

So here I am looking right up between her legs, across her flat belly and her tits just sitting right there. I slide out my already hard cock and squeeze it a couple of times just to get it pumped up a little better. As I am doing that Kelly moves her right had to her pussy and starts to rub it.

I can't believe my luck. Never in the 15 years I have lived here did a woman this hot masturbate less than 10 feet from me in the back yard.

As she got herself hotter and hotter I was doing the same. Then she slid her right thumb over to her bottoms and moved her left thumb to the left side. She slide those bottoms off with no effort at all. She imminently went back to fingering herself with her right hand and was using her left hand to squeeze her right tit. Her pussy was completely shaved. She had a little tattoo of a dragonfly just above her parted lips.

She continued to do this until she arched her back up high and I could see her convulse with wave after wave of pure bliss. I was so in awe that I had completely stopped stroking myself. Just watching this Goddess treat herself to this level of pleasure was blowing my mind. The she slowly sucked her juices off her fingers. I started to stroke a little faster getting myself right to the edge.

Then she sat up and looked right at me.

"Well did you enjoy that? I sure did." She said to me.

"I...um...sorry...I...ah...didn't mean to. I......ah. Sorry" I stuttered back not knowing what to do.

"Hun I have known you have been watching me since the day we moved in. It is so hot knowing someone is watching don't you think?" She said sucking the last of her pussy juice off her finger.

"What about Pete? Are you going to tell him? He would kill me." I stated.

"What Pete doesn't know won't hurt him. Besides what's the harm? Just a couple of adults playing with themselves and maybe someone else watches or maybe not."

"Ok as long as you won't tell him I am good with it. That was really amazing." I told her.

"You have another load in that pistol of yours or are you done?" She asked

"I was so caught up in watching you I didn't finish. I didn't want you to hear me and stop. I can finish now quick if you want to watch" I said.

"Come over here so I can see you a little better." She demanded.

As I stood, I realized that my cock was still out. I pulled up my shorts so I could walk over. I was a little embarrassed about all this yet but she did not seem to mind. Looking at her there with her pussy glistening in the sun I could feel my hard cock pushing on my shorts. I walked up to her feet and stood there looking down at her.

"Don't be shy honey. You making this lady feel underdressed. Why don't you free that rocket in your pants for me?" She said laughing.

As I took off my shirt she started to slap her pussy. Hearing her hand splat on the wetness of her juices I hurried and tossed my shirt and dropped my shorts. So here I was standing naked in front of the hottest neighbor I have ever had.

"So how do you like to play with that thing? Do you stroke it dry or do you like a bit of lube?" She whispered.

"The wetter the better I always say. What do you have in mind?" I said boldly not knowing where that was coming from.

"Bring that thick cock of yours over here closer to me so I can wipe some of this off my hand on it." She continued to whisper.

As I got down on my knees I knee walked up between her now open legs. I was so hard at that point I thought I would explode just being in her presence. She reached up with her hand that was wet with her sweetness and stroked my cock just twice. I wanted this to last so I was trying hard to not cum.

"There you go sweetie, why don't you spread that around on your cock while I get my hand back inside of me. I like to keep it wet!" Her voice was so sexy and demanding all at once.

"You know kneeling before you like this I will probably cum in just a couple of strokes. Sorry to say but it is true. You are so fucking HOT!!" I tell her.

"Well come up close so you can shoot that jizz all over my belly." She commands.

Just as expected I get about 8-10 strokes in and I can feel myself getting to the point of no return. She is going hard on her pussy and I can tell she is about to cum as well. I squeeze hard and pull back on my cock to make sure I can get a good shot off. I feel my cock pulse in my hand but I squeezed so tight nothing came out building more pressure. I loosen just a bit and on the second pulse I launch a load of hot white sticky cum that hits Kelly in her face. I smile and continue to pump stream after stream on her tits and belly.

"Holy FUCK you can shoot. That got me on the chin. Must have been a 3 foot shot." She said while wiping my cum off her chin.

Then she looked me right in the eyes and we just kind of froze for a minute. I felt connected to her as we stared into each other. Then slowly she opened her mouth and stuck her finger with my cum inside. As she closed her lips around her finger she moaned just a bit. She slide her finger out slowly and smiled. With my cum now in her mouth she swallowed hard.

"Well fuck me......" She started to say.

I didn't let her finish whatever she was going to say. I was still hard and that was all I needed her to say. I crawled on top of her and buried my cock in her pussy so fast she squealed.

"What the fu......Oh Shit....Oh that feels good. Damn.....Oh FUCK." She rambled as she started to quiver again.

I could feel her pussy squeeze my cock as her body shook with another orgasm. I knew it would take my nuts another couple minutes to build up another load. Staying hard was never a problem for me so I just started pumping her harder and harder.

"Oh fuck FUCK!!" She was trying to keep her voice down but it was not working.

"Oh God Stop. No don't stop. I need a minute. Oh harder. FFFFFFFUUUUUUCCCCCKKK!!!!!!!" She said as her entire body started to convulse.

I thought she was going to throw me off of her she was bucking so hard but she had her legs wrapped so tightly around me there was nothing that was going to separate us.

Then she flipped me over and suddenly she was on top of me. My cock was still balls deep inside of her. She was holding me down with her arms straight pushing on my chest. Her eyes were staring right thru mine. It was like she was possessed.

She started to slowly raise up and down on my cock. I could feel it pushing against her pussy walls, pressing them open and them pushing back on me. She never took her eyes off of me as she road me up and down.

"I want to feel you cum inside me." She said in a whisper again.

Then she lowers her lips to my ear. "But not until I tell you too."

I was not sure if I could honor her request. Lucky for me she put all her weight on me forcing my cock as deep as my 7 inches would go.

"CUM NOW!!" She screamed load enough for everyone in the neighborhood to hear.

As her body once again flowed with crashing wave after wave I felt my cock jolt her another massive load. We pulsed together as one over and over.

"Fuck, Fuck FUCK!" She said until she collapsed on top of me.

She laid on me for a couple minutes before she said anything.

"Well do you prefer jerking off watching me thru the window more?"

I looked up at Kelly, "Every time I jerk off I will be remembering this right here."

"Well don't jerk off too much. I'm going to want some more of that for myself IF you pass." She said with a big smile.

She slowly moved her pussy up my chest and towards my face. She crawled up putting her dripping love clam over my mouth so I could catch her juices mixed with mine. Then she lowered herself onto my mouth. I used my tongue to play with her clit while she shoved a finger up her ass. She had my arms pinned down so there was nothing I could do. I was at her mercy. She fucked my face hard and as she began to cum again I could feel my mouth fill up with her juices.

She stood and I was still in awe of her beauty standing above me dripping cum on my chest. "Come with me for a minute."

"Isn't that was I just did?" I said with a bit of laughter.

She gave me some evil eye look. "Follow me. I have one more test for you."

At this point I did not care if she was taking me slaughter. I stood and followed her onto her porch. As we walked in she stood with her back up to the wall.

"Come stand in front of me and lets see if you have anything left in those balls of yours." She was looking at me and her eyes were still glazed with pure joy from the all-around fucking I had already given her.

"If I can make you cum in my mouth in the next 2 minutes then we will make this an everyday thing. At least if Pete is not home. If I fail, you can never fuck me again. That includes you jerking off while watching me. No spying on me naked or anything. We are done." She said with a serious tone.

"What the fuck kind of deal is that? I just came twice. Probably the hardest I have cum in the last 10 years, TWICE. Besides what is to say you don't just sit there and to nothing. No way I can cum again on my own" I said trying to stall. I know I can do this because I have in the past just watching porn.

"That's the deal. I have dealt with neighbors like you many times in the past. I fuck them hard and make them cum twice. Then I blow them. If you can beat the timer you win. Otherwise you have to leave me alone. I don't want to fuck someone that can't keep going. So if you can go a third time in 2 minutes then I think you will be worthy of me. If not leave me alone. Either way I will finish what I start now. You will get your third cum in. Just not in 2 minutes. Then I get my privacy back." She said with a little slyness in her voice.

Me trying to stall just a bit more. "So do I have to take your word for it that you will give me your best blowjob skills. I still think you will just tease until 2 minutes is up and then turn it on."

She slides down the wall to sit on the floor. "Ok how about this. I can't back up from here and you can put your hand on the back of my head. I don't even let Pete put his hand on my head. This way I can't get away and you can keep my head from moving back."

"Ok....So I can face fuck you as hard as I want. You have to keep my cock in your mouth and you have to bring your A game. Anything goes???" I said knowing my balls have recharged just thinking about this.

"Sure you bring everything you got there sugar." She laughs.

She must have planned this as she had an egg timer right there. She set it to 2 minutes. She then grabbed my ass with her right hand pulling me in as she started the timer with her left.

I decided I would give her a bit of time to see what she would do. I was not disappointed at all. She licked my cock from balls to tip and then took my soft cock all in her mouth. Not a big accomplishment as I was still soft but getting hard quickly.

Me not being one to follow instructions exactly I grabbed her head with both hands and held her face tight against me. My cock was getting long and hard right in her mouth. I was pretty sure breathing would soon become an issue for her as my cock filled her throat. True to her word she didn't fight any of what I was doing.

Once I could feel my cock was fully erect I slide it out just slightly. I could feel Kelly's tongue moving all around the head of my swelled cock. I slide out of her mouth to see what she would do and she just flicked that tongue under the tip moving it like it was on high speed while taking in a deep breath. Good thing she did because I think she knew what was cuming.

By this time about 45 seconds had passed and I could already feel the pressure building in my balls. I slowly pushed my cock back deep into her mouth. While doing that I moved forward so she was pressed tight against the wall. I had her head pressed against the wall and my hands on each side of it. There was no way she was going to move. Her only option was for me to cum if she wanted to breath again.

Risking it all I started to hammer my cock in and out of her mouth. She was making all the sloppy noises as she tried to take in any air. I made sure that she couldn't and I knew I would have no issue filling her mouth.

I slowed my thrusting just a bit so I could hold my cock in her mouth, let her catch a breath and dump my load on her tongue. All I wanted to do was pump my goo hard into her mouth. I as I felt my balls raise up to unload I realized she was holding them up for me with her left hand. She knew I was going to come. I eased my cock out so I can dump my wad on her tongue.

She must not have wanted that as with her right hand she pulled me into her. I helped her out and I pushed my hips into her face with all I had. I felt my cock start to pulse my cum into her throat. I pushed harder as I continued to throb stream after stream of sticky white jizz into her. She started to choke trying to get some air. I was not going to allow that now. My cock wanted the tightness of her throat to finish pumping in. I pushed harder knowing she might just pass out.

To my surprise, as I finished and my cock started to soften, she would not let me go. I started to pull away but she keep my hips right tight to her and kept sucking on my cock. Air was now able to get to her lungs so she was all good to keep going. I could feel my soft cock pulse one last time as she sucked it like a pro.

The timer went off as I was now limp in her mouth. She let me slip my cock from her mouth but not before sucking off the last bit of cum from the tip.

"Holy FUCK!!" She said taking in a deep breath. "That was just fucking amazing. I have NEVER been face fucked like that before. I said you could put a hand on the back of my head, never said you could use both hands and the wall. I couldn't even breathe. I thought I was going to die choking on a cock. That would look great on my tombstone. That was just unbelievable. FUCK!" she said panting heavy and rambling on.

"Hey you said anything goes. I will say I had my doubts that I could do it but when you started flicking the tip like you did and then you let me all the way in there was no way I was not going to win this bet. No way I was going to let you come up for air just to win. I think I might have actually cum directly into your stomach and not just your throat." I said laughing.

"I have had rough sex before but that was a new level for me. We have got to explore this more. Pete has a business trip next Tuesday for 3 days. I'd ask if you were up for it but you just proved you are up for anything. You had better run now. I'll see you back here on Tuesday 8:00 am." She said while pushing me out.

And so this started my fucking of the lovely Kelly. I have been face fucking, pussy fucking and ass fucking Kelly for just over 4 months now. Pete has been close to catching us but so far I am still alive. And Kelly is not just one of the good ones. Kelly is one of the great ones.
