One For The Team
by SexyKat

John and I have been dating for two and a half years and everything is going really well. He has a really fit body, toned, slender, athletic legs and a cheeky smile. He plays football for our local team so is always keen to work out & train so he can show off his skills on the pitch to his mates. He trains every Tuesday and plays most Saturdays in the league.

It was last December that the situation first happened. It was a freezing cold Saturday morning, John was putting his kit together and would not stop moaning about how cold it was and how cold he was going to be on the pitch. I thought I'd be nice (for a change) and give him a lift down there. He was grateful that when I look back at what happened I can't help but feel a little bad but you would have done the same if you were in the same situation I'm sure.....let me tell you what happened.

Basically when we arrived at the pitch it turned out that he wasn't the only one feeling the cold. All his team mates were jogging around trying to warm up. I decided I'd offer to stay and sit in the car with the heaters on should anyone need a quick 10 minute break to warm up during the game. The lads were all chuffed and I had to admit I was quite looking forward to sharing my hot little car with some of John's team mates. There wasn't one of them that wasn't fit.

So the game kicked off and after 20 minutes the 1st hottie jogged over. His name's Mike and we've chatted at the odd social. He opened the passenger door and jumped in.

"Hey Kate, enjoying the game?" He asked.

"Oh you know, football's not really my kind of thing but I'm ok listening to the radio." At this point that stupid Cartoon song came on, you know the one 'Oo Eeee Ooh Ah ah Ting Tang Walla Walla Bing Bang', well I could have just died of embarrassment. It's not even that I particularly fancy Mike but it was such an intimate environment in my small car, sitting close together that I have to admit I was feeling a bit flirty and when that song came in it just killed any atmosphere that might have been there. After warming up he hopped out and I let out a sigh of relief in case another stupid song came on. Thankfully it was followed by Love Ain't Here Anymore by Take That.

I hadn't actually realised I'd been holding my breath but obviously I had. Perhaps I'd wanted to make more of an impression on these guys than I initially thought. Sitting in the car with the heaters blazing was actually making my quite hot so I took my jacket off and just sat in my shirt dress and Ugg boots. I hadn't really dressed appropriately for the weather now that I think about it but I wasn't planning on getting out of the car so what did it matter?

Well a few minutes later Steve ran over and jumped in. (Another hottie, why hadn't I done this before?!)

The minute Steve got in he put his hand on my thigh to demonstrate just how cold he was. I jumped at his touch and he giggled.

"Nervous?"

"No of course not, why would I be? I just didn't expect you to put your hand on my leg that's all." I replied.

At this point Steve slid has hand further up my leg so it was resting between my legs on my left inner thigh. I didn't move as I was too shocked to react. I was aching in anticipation. I was feeling really hot and he was so fit I could not believe his hand was so close to my pussy but not touching it. It took every bone in my body not to thrust my hips forward and grind against his hand.

"Is this ok?" he asked, "It's just that it's warmer up here." He explained with a wicked smile.

I told him it was totally fine with me as, after all, I was there to help the team warm up. With that he leant over and put both his hands between my legs. Pressing his hands together to 'warm them up' apparently.

After a few minutes he removed his hands from between my legs and said he'd best be getting back to the game, just before he got out though he ducked back in and said "When we're done you should come in the changing room. It'll be warmer than the car and of course we'll all be in there larking about if you fancy it?"

That was all the encouragement I needed. His hands between my legs had made me so horny the thought of getting in the changing room with a bunch of hot and sweaty men was just too much. My g-string was pushed between my pussy lips already and I was already grinding against it turning myself on at the thought of seeing those hot hot hot naked men.

The minute I heard the last whistle blow I was out that car like a shot, totally forgetting to grab my coat as I ran into the changing rooms and basically straight into the showers fully clothed. I shrieked in horror as the water hit my dry, clothed body and all the guys turned round & stared. My dress had clung to my body and my nipples were standing our loud and proud partly, due to the water and partly due to how horny I was!!!

John came running over and wrapped his arms around me trying to warm me up and stop everyone else from staring at my now hot, wet and horny body.

By this point I didn't care though and pushed him away. John stood back and stared before saying "Well lads it seems that she doesn't mind you all looking at her, so stare away, I already know she's gorgeous."

With that the boys turned back round to face me and I noticed that many of them had erections or were trying to hide them with shower gel! John too had a huge erection and I knew it must be turning him on to know that I was hot enough to turn everyone else on.

I decided to seize the moment and stepped out of my sodden Ugg boots and began to unbutton my dress. As I undid the final button and slowly peeled back the folds of fabric to reveal my push up bra and matching white g-string there was an audible gasp and groan. Looking around some of the men were now slowly wanking and trying to pretend they were soaping themselves. I have to admit I loved it and teasingly asked if anyone had any shower gel I could borrow, I don't think there was a single boy in the showers that didn't offer me theirs.

Taking the 1st one nearest me I bent over, exposing my ass to the group as I placed the shower gel on the floor. As I straightened up unhooked my bra at the back and let it drop to the floor. My breasts sprung free with my nipples still hard and exposed. I bent over again to pick up the shower gel and as I did I felt a hand run between my legs and up my ass crack. I shivered with anticipation but pushed the naughty hand away and stood up fully.

I then turned and faced the group, squeezed some shower gel onto my hand and began to massage it into my breasts paying particular attention to my nipples. Rolling and tweaking them making them nice, and hard and erect. The boys were mesmerised and the wanking had increased. Most of them were now full on masturbating in front of me, rubbing their dicks rhythmically their eyes fixed on my hands as I played with my cute 36D breasts.

I then squeezed more shower gel onto my hands before sliding them down the length of my body and straight into the front of my knickers. Curling the fingers of my right hand I touched myself letting out a little moan. The boys too started to groan and it was just too much for some as 2 of the younger ones came there and then in front of me.

I wiggled my string down to the shower room floor and stepped out of them. Turning with my back to the team I bent down to scoop my bra and knickers into a pile by my feet exposing my bare crack and pussy lips that were glistening with shower gel. Standing up again I placed the shower gel bottle between my legs and began to slide it backwards and forwards across my soapy slit. Getting myself off at the same time.

Removing the bottle I sat down with my back to the wall, the water from the shower running over me. I bent my legs and parted my knees, exposing myself to them once more. I put my hands between my legs and began to rub my clit. I was so turned on it didn't take long for my orgasm to build and I started to push my fingers inside. As I did this half a dozen of the guys knelt down around me masturbating furiously. I knew they were close.

What I also knew was that John was still watching, with a huge erection. He wasn't touching himself or playing with it he was saving it and I knew once all the other lads were done he'd fuck me good and proper in the showers.

One of the guys got a bit too cheeky and pushed his cock near my mouth, straining for me to suck it. I glanced at John as didn't want to do anything he wouldn't want me too but he nodded so I sucked it. I took the tip to start with and began to gently suck it as he wanked into my mouth, I was still finger fucking myself and the other 5 boys were still kneeling around my wanking fast and furiously now. One by one they cam all over my, my breasts, my thighs, my stomach, whatever they were near. I doubt they could believe their luck and definitely enjoyed their post game treat. The guy who's dick I was sucking was loving it. Thrusting his dick in and out of my mouth he commanded me to suck it good & proper and letting out along groan he started to shoot his load into my mouth and down my throat. I swallowed greedily.

I stayed sitting on the floor as they all finished showering and one by one left the shower room, slapping John on the back saying thanks, congrats on the hot girlfriend etc.

When the shower room was empty John strode over and held out his hand to help me up. He then stood me under a shower and washed everyone else's cum off my body. Once he'd done that he then turned me around to face the wall, soaped me up again and slid his dick between my legs from behind. Running it's length along my slit he made me wet all over again and I felt another orgasm rising. He then gently slid his hard cock into my sopping hole and pushed me roughly up against the wall sliding his full length into me. He began to fuck me. Slowly at first before ramming it harder into me, holding my wrists above my head, he began to really fuck me hard against the wall, ramming his dick into me time and time again. Although it was a bit too rough for me I enjoyed it. It was like punishment for letting his team mates wank over me and I have to admit it rather turned me on. 

John was obviously really horny as he had watched me for a good half hour and it didn't take long for him to thrust and cum in me.

Patting me on the bum he told me I should clean myself up. That was a Saturday meaning it was only 4 days until the next match, it made me wet all over again just thinking about it. 
