Kate's Unfortunate Series of Events
by mrsalpaca 

PART 3

It was absolutely scorching today. Even when dressing minimally, drinking lots of water, and hiking under shaded trees, the group of five young boys were starting to waver.

"Holy hell is it hot today, isn't it Ryan? I think we all should start heading back now before we all pass out." groaned Mitch, who wiped the sweat off his forehead using the bottom of his t-shirt.

Ryan glanced over at his brother exhausted, "Oh good idea, I can't wait to get out of this sun. What about you guys, agreed?"

The other three nodded, it was clear that the group wouldn't get any further today. Todd especially was suffering, being the boy furthest behind from the rest. A cacophony of wheezing and dry coughs continuously ran through the entire procession as they made their way back to the patio at grandpa's house.

******

I laid in agony and humiliation on the coffee table. While grandpa was quite gentle with his shaving, he was definitely very thorough. My face was burning with humiliation at what was happening. I had already become soaking wet down there because of the situation and all the touching grandpa did.

It was almost like grandpa was purposely teasing me, making touches while shaving that seemed innocent - yet made me ache and yearn with pleasure. The soft touches on my sensitive and aroused pussy were driving me to the edge and I had to stop myself from grinding for more pressure.

I was on my back, my legs held up and spread by my hands holding the backs of my knees, a position that seemed to raise my pussy and bottom upwards. I knew I wasn't allowed to move or else I'd get an earful but this was getting torturous. I couldn't count how many times my clit was brushed against and I knew that my accumulated moisture had not gone unnoticed.

I bit my lip to stop myself from making any sounds as I felt his fingers circle my throbbing clitoris once again. I was about to cum if he kept shaving me like this.

******

When the group had finally arrived, all the boys immediately plopped down on the deck furniture. It was a long march back off of the forested mountain side and everyone was very dehydrated.

Todd, in the worst condition of all the boys, sat up begrudgingly.

"Hey guys, I'm gonna go grab a soda. Do any of you want one?"

Four hands were raised in unison as Todd nodded and began to make his way inside the home he had visited many times.

Since the brothers' grandpa usually had a lot of visitors with children, the house had a second separate fridge for only sodas and ice cream in the downstairs-basement kitchen.

"Hmm, I wonder where Kate has been this entire summer vacation. I haven't seen her yet for some reason but I can’t wait to surprise her with a visit. More so, I can't wait to press myself into her giant tits again when I give her one of my hugs! It's unfair how sexy she is for a highschool senior." Todd mused.

Opening the fridge and bending down on his chubby legs, Todd began to gather sodas in his arms. He closed the fridge door with his foot and was starting his trek back up to the patio when he stopped.

Todd was confused. It was almost like he heard the sound of a whimper or moan in pain. Deciding to investigate, he followed the faint noises towards the downstairs den which was down the hall from where the fridge was. Sneaking forward and trying to reduce the amount of sound his overly large frame made on the creaking floorboards, he peered around the corner.

Todd's eyes nearly bulged out of his sockets.

There, laying on the coffee table was unmistakably the girl he had fallen in love with and lusted for. Except for one key detail.

She was nearly naked.

He could barely contain himself at the sight.

She was on her back with her knees held by her hands, effectively holding her entire rear up and spreading herself. All she had to hide her dignity was a purple bra that looked way too small to contain her heaving chest. Todd was mesmerized by the rising and lowering motion of the beautiful girl's chest as she breathed heavily. Her face was pointed towards the ceiling and her eyes were closed, her expression almost seemed like she was in pain.

Looking further downwards, Todd saw her bare slender tummy, her curvy hips, and nearly fainted at the sight between her soft plump thighs. It was the first pussy he had ever seen on a female. Heck, this was the first time he had ever seen a real life female so undressed. Not only that, but the female in front of him was definitely Kate!

The brothers' grandpa was sitting at the edge of the coffee table and in between Kate's legs. Todd felt his knees go weak when he realised what was going on. He was already fully erect when he quickly turned around and snuck up the stairs to the patio.

"RYAN, MITCH, GUYS! YOU WON'T BELIEVE WHAT I JUST SAW. KATE PRACTICALLY NAKED AND GETTING HER SNATCH SHAVED BY GRANDPA!"

The boys, startled by the sudden appearance and outburst of their friend, were in shock.

All of them yelled in unison.

"WHAT?!"

******

“Agghhhhh fuck...” I whispered softly, careful not to let grandpa hear my cursing.

I had already cum under his hands once and he was already strumming me again to another climax. Please just finish the job quickly, this position is so embarrassing and I just want to close my legs again. I can’t take any more of this!

Grandpa was only halfway through the shaving, when suddenly there was a thunderstorm of foot stomps behind him and then audible gasps.

I immediately flinched and sat up, staring into the eyes of five boys with two of my brothers' included.

WHAT THE HELL ARE THEY DOING HERE?! They’re supposed to be out hiking, oh my god, I’m basically naked in front of them!

There was absolute silence for nearly a minute while the events unfolded. Grandpa was surprised to see the boys there but definitely not as mortified as Kate was right now. While Kate’s eyes were open and staring at her intruders’ eyes, the eyes of the five boys were elsewhere.

Fuck, they can see nearly everything! My face got even redder when I realised Todd of all people was one of them! Oh please nooo, it was the last thing I wanted!

I immediately closed my legs and brought them to my chest, covering myself the best I could in a fetal position.

It was true. Each boy was entranced at the sight of Kate’s half naked body, eyes roaming and leering all over her bra encased chest pressed behind her shaven legs, her thighs, her hips, and Todd even bent forward to try to get a look between the poor girl’s closed legs. They were stunned to see the girl they grew up with during the many summers so exposed and humiliated.

James, the youngest, quietest, and most timid of the bunch, surprisingly broke the silence.

“Mr. Deviere, what are you doing? Why is Kate undressed and practically naked?”

Grandpa smiled, “Hi all of you. I was just helping Kate maintain her personal hygiene. I keep telling her to keep her parts shaved and clean but this time she forgot. So I have to do it for her.”

The boys’ eyes were still bulging at the sight just when Todd stepped forward and spoke next.

“Oh, can we help? We always like volunteering to help people, and we’re friends with Kate so good friends should help other friends. Besides, we’re all learning sex ed and human biology in school anyways so this would be a good lesson for us!”

I couldn’t believe what Todd was saying. I have to do something.

“Grandpa, please. Do they have to be here for this? You don’t even need to go into that much detail for sex ed! It's inappropriate and unnecessary. Them seeing me like this is punishment enough,” I pleaded.

Grandpa paused. He looked at me, then at the boys, then back at my nearly naked body.

“Of course, I’d love to make this a teaching moment for you all!”

“Grandpa, noooo plea-”

I flinched as I felt a hard slap on my rear, stopping my outburst short.

“Kate, before you said that you were worried about being impolite and immodest for being caught naked in front of these young men. In my opinion they don’t seem too offended. However, it is impolite and immodest to refuse a very reasonable request from a house guest. You wanted to be considerate of guests before, so giving them an educational lesson that they asked and had a good opportunity for is the right thing to do.

Kate, get back into the position I told you to be in or there will be further consequences on top of shaving you infront of these young men. Boys, please take places around the coffee table.”

I knew I had lost. This was the worst thing that had happened yet. Not only would I be so exposed in front of my brothers, but also three of their friends including Todd! He never once kept his eyes off of my body and I could tell the pervert was trying to look in between my legs! I bit my lip in frustration, laid down again on my back but keeping my legs closed for as long as I could.

“Dammit Kate, you really don’t know how to follow instructions do you?” he sighed.

The boys moved forward, surrounding the coffee table. I couldn’t bear to look any of them in the eye.

“Mr. Deviere, can we touch and help out?” Todd pipped.

Grandpa curiously looked at Todd, carefully considering whether it was necessary before giving the boys a firm nod.

Suddenly, hands were all over me and I squirmed. Ryan and Mitch were the first to act, emboldened by previous events, they were on either side of me and grabbed onto each of my legs to spread me wide for the entire group. This swiftness took me by surprise as I tried to fight against it to close my legs.

The red haired boy at the head of the table, Jacob, held my arms and my wrists together above my head which prevented me from covering myself. They could now get a full view of my bra and chest! Fuck, why did I have to choose such a tight fitting pair of panties today!

The worst was with Todd and James who were sitting on either side of grandpa and had a perfect gynecologist's view of my pussy. Grandpa had ordered them to use their fingers to keep my inner thighs, my vagina, and my bottom cheeks open. I was beyond mortified at this point as I felt Todd's disgusting fat fingers rub over my most intimate place before spreading it roughly. I let out a soft whimper at his aggressiveness. James' touch was quite a bit more gentle and almost gingerly. I was hoping to heaven that none of them knew what it meant when a girl was wet down there but it was useless. Almost all the boys could tell I was soaking and dripping wet and they knew why. I couldn't do anything about it, this all was so frustrating and humiliating.

In this new position, all their eyes explored my body from my breasts behind my bra - begging to pop out of their tight clasp - to how naked I was from the waist down and especially at my most private place. They could see a decent amount of stubble that was so crudely brought to show to the group of young men whom I was supposed to be above and respected by. I was older than all of them but here I was, being exposed against my will.

I was already so aroused, swollen, and sensitive down there as the boys were given a humiliating private show while the shaving began once more.

******

Todd was ecstatic.

"Oh my god, I'm actually touching Kate's vagina! I can see every little detail! She's so soft and slick down here and I couldn't help but grin when I teasingly rubbed her opening. Her hips bucked up for me!

Her tits are way bigger than I ever thought they would be and her body is so pale and sexy! I've always fantasized about seeing her like this and I can touch and see her all I want! I can't believe I'm living the dream right now." Todd thought excitedly.

The same could be said for the rest of the boys who spouted erections in each of their shorts.

******

I was speechless. All I could do during this moment was try to control my quickening breaths. Due to all of the new and unwanted sensation, my breathing had become heavier and I knew some of the boys were focused on the erratic up and down motion of my heaving chest.

Grandpa's fingers moved deftly with the razor, shaving one area and ordering either Todd or James to hold me open in a certain way.

James was silent during this entire time, eyes just completely wrecked over the half naked girl in front of him. He had never seen a female like this before and he had so many questions!

"Why are my hands getting wet and what keeps coming out of Kate's va… vag.. vagina? Is she peeing on me?!" James pondered.

James hesitated for a moment before deciding to ask out of curiosity.

"Excuse me, Mr. Deviere? Why is Kate all wet down here? Is she peeing?" James questioned curiously.

Grandpa stopped his work for a second as he gave a quick thoughtful glance at James.

"Well, every person has erogenous zones, zones that cause them to be aroused and feel good. A female's zones include her ears, neck, nipples, breasts, thighs, and her vagina, especially this small bud right here called the clitoris."

He touched my clit with some firm pressure, rubbing once counterclockwise which made me buck and close my legs causing Ryan and Mitch to lose their grip. It was only a matter of time when the two brothers pulled my legs apart again but tighter this time.

"As a result of touch, she becomes aroused and her vagina lubricates itself in order to prepare for intercourse. Touching her in these places makes her feel good and by judging the amount of moisture, this is a sign Kate is aroused and likes the attention."

James too was ecstatic. Innocently, he exclaimed ,"Yippee! I'm making Kate happy because she likes how I'm helping her! I love helping out others and making them feel good, Mr. Deviere!"

Grandpa gave him an encouraging smile before pausing to think about a new idea that popped in his head.

"Yes James, very good. Actually now I’ve noticed it, another physical reaction in addition to lubrication when a female gets aroused is that her vagina gets swollen and opens up a little. In fact, this will be particularly helpful as it’ll make it easier to shave her.

This is where I need all of you young mens’ help. I want you all to touch and try to get Kate to be as aroused as she possibly can. Rub, pinch, pull, tease, touch - especially at her erogenous zones - anything you want to do which will be a great help while I try to finish up the shaving.”

Hearing this new development, I immediately fought against the hands holding me in place struggling against the restraints as I tried my best to hunch up and cover my almost naked body. I was so humiliated being seen completely exposed like this by this group of boys who should never have seen me like this. I was four or more years older than all of them but here I was being held down on the table in only my bra to all these middle schoolers.

Suddenly, grandpa stood up and walked to the end of the coffee table where Jacob was holding my arms above my head and reached behind my back to unclasp my bra.

“Please grandpa, they’ve already seen and touched my vagina and bottom, please don’t let them explore my breasts too! This has gone too far, cover me up please.”

Holding onto one of the straps, he carelessly tossed the bra aside to reveal my bare chest.

I was now completely naked in front of all these boys.

All the boys gasped and were just staring at my size 36D chest in shock. They could see every part of me now including my quarter sized areolas, my rigid nipples from the sudden cold, and how large my breasts were on my slim frame. I was red with embarrassment knowing there were all these young eyes staring at my naked tits and pussy, boys too young to see a naked girl this soon.

I could tell all of them were hard and were just waiting for the fun to start.

Todd was the first to act. He used his left chubby hand to rub against my pussy, inserting his fingers between my lips while his right hand cupped my plump left breast, his thumb toying with the little bud in the center. All I could do was bite my lip and stop myself from moaning out loud.

The rest of the boys around me boldly followed suit to Todd’s example. Jacob at the head of the table, held my arms up with one hand while his other pinched, groped, fondled, and tugged at my other breast and nipple. It hurt but I couldn’t help but squirm even more at the sensation it sent to my pussy. I knew my nipples were one of my most sensitive spots and this made me ache with pleasure.

Both of my twin brothers still held my legs wide and tightly, but decided to go different directions.

Mitch moved my hair that was slightly covering my chest and decided to go straight to share a feeling of one of my breasts with Todd. He grinned at how much harder my nipples had become, cupping around the entire breast, jiggling it slightly and feeling its heft.

Ryan, on the other hand, holding one of my legs even wider, decided to venture south and rub his fingers in my juices before inserting two digits inside me. During the last inspection, both twins had got a feel of what outside my pussy felt like behind some handkerchiefs and Ryan was excited to see what his fingers would do inside a vagina for the first time. He laughed out loud, feeling my immense warmth and softness. My breathing got immediately heavier as I felt his fingers curl up to my g-spot which I’m not even sure he knew about. I started to grind and buck my hips involuntarily in sync with the “up and down” motion of his fingers. I was so close to cumming and as much as it would be humiliating, I had been teased for ages and my pussy was aching in desperation since my last orgasm during the shaving by grandpa.

James, still timid about the whole ordeal, simply just used his pointer finger to rub my clit in a clockwise manner continuously in rhythm.

Grandpa held onto my thigh tightly, still shaving the rest of the hair on my intimate areas. He urged the group on as my overheated and soaking wet pussy opened up and spasmed even more, allowing him to get the buzzing trimmer into the folds..

All throughout this were boys “helping” by rubbing, tugging, pinching, fondling, and groping every part of my body. I felt hands roam over my tummy, my breasts, my navel, in between and underneath my breasts and thighs. I had hands toying with me everywhere. I could feel Todd pulling apart my pussy lips to look inside while Ryan continued to do that infuriating curling motion with his fingers.

Kate was so wet that Todd kept losing his grip on Kate’s slippery labia, having to push his fingers even deeper to keep her spread open.

I was even more shocked when Todd bent down and began to lick at one of my nipples, taking it into his mouth as I felt his disgusting tongue swirl over it. I shivered in a squirming frenzy, overcome by all the hands and sensation.

Oh my god, this is so intense. I can’t help but be taken advantage of by these boys who’ve probably never seen and touched a naked female before! Here I am being touched in ways I can’t control and I couldn’t help but blush even redder when I realised I was only getting wetter and wetter. I was about to cum without being able to help it for the second time that day.

The boys could notice the wet and squishy sound of the fluids that were pouring out of Kate’s pussy, and Todd knew she was nearly there. Kate was so overwhelmed by sensations and pleasure that all she could do was bite her lip harder in order to do anything except whimper and let out any sounds that would give them their satisfaction.

When the climax finally hit, it hit like a truck. Kate lifted her rear upwards, physically and voluntarily spreading her legs even wider. She pushed her pussy towards the buzzing of the trimmer and exploring hands as she let out a sharp whimper past her closed lips.

Kate was cumming, and she was cumming hard. Everyone around her watched excitedly, hearing her stop holding back her sounds. They all went even quicker and heavier with their touches all over her body. She had been overwhelmed by feelings for so long that she had to stop biting her lip and made all the needy girlie noises that she wanted so badly to hide from the boys who already saw and did so much they shouldn’t have.

Entranced, the boys were totally into it at this point. They kept going, turning this girl whom many of them fantasized about in their dreams into a mess of fluids, moans, and shivers.

It was moments before the recent orgasm was over that the third began to build up. Kate was already so sensitive from her recent orgasm that she was trembling at the continued touching of her erogenous zones.

As Kate began to feel her third climax beginning to erupt in front of everyone, she started to try to close her legs - fighting against Ryan and Mitch who were holding her legs open. It was clear she was so overstimulated and sensitive that as good as it all felt, she couldn’t take it anymore.

But it was useless. Both boys on her legs held firm against the pulling motion she made and after a while, Kate was exhausted. She let out a frustrated whimper at being unable to close her legs together and held her breath as she was made to cum again.

Even though it all ended after several minutes, Kate had climaxed atleast four times total.

It was all over when grandpa suddenly turned off the razor, cleaning his hands and the device with a handkerchief, “okay, you guys can stop now. I’ve just finished off with the shav-”

Todd spoke up, politely interrupting before grandpa had a chance to put away the razor.

“Excuse me, Mr. Deviere? There's some leftover hair between her bottom. See?”

His chubby hands gripped onto Kate’s butt cheeks and spread them to reveal to the group his findings.

Grandpa bent over to see more closely.

“Ah yes, well look at that. Good work Todd, it looks like this misbehaving young woman has neglected to shave her anus as well.

Kate, please turn over on your front and bend over on your hands and knees for me. You all can help her do this too lads, it looks like she's dizzy from all the orgasms we helped her achieve during the shaving.”

Indeed this was the truth. Kate was an absolute mess and could barely understand what was going on, focusing more on trying to steady her out of control breaths. She let them turn over her body in a bent position on all fours with her head and chest down and her ass pointed upwards.

The boys all guffawed at this new position, openly commenting on how her pussy and ass looked from the rear. Jacob quickly slipped his hands past Kate’s head and fondled her breasts which had dropped down and were slightly swaying due to gravity.

Once the shaving was done, the boys loosened their grip on Kate who was allowed to return to her room naked but not without effort - her legs had basically become jello. Unable to walk back, she resorted to crawling on all fours in defeat with the group of boys satisfyingly leering at the sight of her now totally shaved ass and bare pussy moving away from them.

Closing the door, she hopped onto her bed and instantly fell asleep in her unclothed state. Kate was too exhausted to process the events and amount of humiliation she just experienced.
