Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 18 (Chapter 18)

After her talk with Reese, Melanie went back to her room. Walking over to the chemises and panties Reese had given her, she found they were dry, and put them in her closet. She shook her head in disbelief and began work on some class assignments, managing to put the invitation to check in on Reese and her girlfriend Alli out of her mind.

A few hours later, shortly after 10 PM, Melanie packed a small overnight bag and left her room. As she passed Reeses door, she heard muffled voices from inside. She was curious about Reese and her girlfriend, but thought it would be best if she just kept walking and left the apartment.

She took the elevator to the sixth floor and after a short walk, she knocked on Josys door. A roommate opened the door for her.

Josy was in the common room, with a few others. Hi Mel, she said, and then to her roommates, Ill be right back.

Melanie followed Josy to her room, where she hung up her jacket and put her bag next to the closet.

Josy looked at her, raising her eyebrows. I didnt expect you here, but its a nice surprise.

Melanie hadnt thought to message Josy. Oh. We didnt talk about it. I just assumed.

Im glad you came, Josy said, smiling at her. Shall we go back out there?

Melanie preferred to stay in Josys room, though she felt bad about pulling Josy away from her roommates. As much as she was doing this to help Josy, she also enjoyed how close their friendship was becoming. She turned away from Josy, trying to think of what to say.

We can stay here, Josy said, stepping close to Melanie and placing her hands on her shoulders.

Melanie was glad. Josy had likely read her reaction. I brought something you might like to see, she said, grabbing her bag and taking out the rose chemise, holding it up for Josy.

Ooh, thats nice, Josy said, touching the fabric. Model it for me.

Melanie remembered Reese asking the same just two days ago. She was happy to do this for Josy, so she nodded and started unbuttoning her blouse.

Josy looked to the door, and then back at Melanie. Wait just a moment. I will get us a drink and make an excuse to my roommates.

Melanie understood. Josys roommates probably expected them to come back to the common room to hang out. She sat on the bed while Josy was away, her blouse half unbuttoned, smiling at the thought that Josy wanted her to wait. She probably didnt want to miss seeing Melanies embarrassment at having to undress for her again.

Josy returned with the drinks, placing them on the desk. I turned up the rooms heating a little, she said, motioning Melanie to stand in front of the chair as she sat down. Josy then surprised her by continuing what she had started, unbuttoning the rest of her blouse.

She blushed, standing there in front of Josy while feeling Josys hands on her blouse. One by one the buttons were undone. While her quick strip before bed the night before had not been embarrassing at all, this was, and the feeling was enhanced because it made her feel like a plaything. She felt the heat in her face as Josy pushed the blouse off her shoulders and let it drop off her arms and onto the floor.

Next, Josy pulled her a little closer and then reached around to unclasp her bra.

It placed Josys head between her perky B-cup breasts, just inches away, as Melanie shrugged the bra straps from her shoulders. With Josy that close, Melanie thought back to just two weeks ago, when Josy had licked her nipples. Then, she had been blinded by her dress around her head, whereas now she could look down at her nipples, noticing their reaction to the cool air of the room. She was glad Josy had turned up the heating.

Josy inched away from Melanies chest and looked up with a question in her eyes.

Blushing, Melanie had a good idea of what Josy was asking. Did she dare nod at Josy, give her permission? It was a dangerous precedent to set, as last time Josy had not asked, and it had been brief. The difference was huge. A nod of her head would give Josy permission to play with her breasts, her nipples.

She knew she should shake her head, but her curiosity was too strong. She wanted to know what Josy would do, given that permission. With butterflies in her stomach, Melanie nodded and felt herself blushing even more.

Josy smiled, looking back down to focus on Melanies left nipple, blowing softly on it.

Melanie felt it puckering up before Josys mouth closed over the hard nub. The warm wetness felt so incredibly good, and Melanie gasped when she felt Josys tongue flick over the sensitive tip.

She could hardly pretend this was still platonic. She didnt know what this was. Her own words came back to her  Accept each others whims and quirks. It symbolized their strange friendship or relationship, or whatever it was they had. They engaged in intimate acts together, such as what Josy was doing to her nipple at that moment, but they hadnt kissed, they hadnt expressed feelings for each other beyond their close friendship. For now, it seemed to work, but as Melanie felt the light pressure of Josys teeth nibbling on her nipple, she wondered how long it could remain like this.

This was indeed quite different from two weeks ago. That had been just a short moment, but now Josy seemed quite into it, bathing Melanies nipple in saliva while bringing up her hands to softly massage both breasts. For a while, Melanie just stood there, her arousal building and occasionally feeling her stomach muscles twitch as the tongue on her nipple sent sparks straight to her sex.

Between gasps, Melanie asked, What about the chemise?

With a little pop, Josy pulled her lips off Melanies nipple. Okay, but what about the other one?

With a pang of regret, Melanie said, Well have to be unfair this time.

Josy gave the other nipple a quick kiss, saying, Poor little thing.

Melanie stood there, embarrassed and very much aroused, as Josys hands went to her jeans. They were unbuttoned and then pushed down her legs. It left her skimpy panties sitting unevenly on her hips, and she fixed them while letting Josy pull her jeans off one leg and then the other, taking her socks off along with the jeans.

Josy looked up at her. Why did you fix your panties? I liked the look of it. Besides, you know the rule.

Melanie nodded. Indeed, she didnt know why she had fixed her panties. She figured it was an instinctual reaction.

Josy started pulling her panties down but then left them sitting low on her hips. She seemed to admire the sight.

Melanie looked down. Her panties made two little bridges between her thighs, the waistband resting on the edge of her mons, just above her cleft.

After a moment, Josy continued pulling Melanies panties down slowly, exposing her sex.

As Josy left her panties resting just above her knees, Melanie pressed her legs together, letting them drop to the floor. She stepped out of them.

She was again naked in Josys room, but the atmosphere was immensely different from yesterday. With the nipple play and the slow stripping, Melanie felt there was a sexual charge in the room. She would need to be careful not to let it escalate. She also noticed the difference in Josys mood, seeming to be on the way back to her carefree attitude.

With Josy holding up the rose chemise, Melanie slipped her arms into it, then lifted them to let the cloth slip over her head.

It fit her well. Small but not tight, able to flow over her body. The hem came down nearly to her knees. She had expected Reese to have bought something indecently short, but this could be worn comfortably in the common room. Perhaps even at dinner. She felt a wave of excitement at the thought. It surprised her. Was that because of her current arousal or would she normally feel the same?

Josy motioned Melanie to turn around. After a full turn, she said, It looks great on you.

Thanks, Im a little surprised at the length.

Josy winked at her and said, Then I know what well get you next time.

Melanies blush was renewed as she thought of a shorter chemise and wearing it around her roommates.

Josy suddenly frowned at her. You know the rule, though, and this is a bit of a problem.

Oh! This can be an exception though, cant it?

Hmm, the only exception Im willing to make is dressing before leaving the room. That means well have to go to the common room.

Melanies eyes widened. Go into the common room in the chemise? This wasnt her own apartment, and as this was obvious nightwear. Josys roommates would ask all sorts of questions, especially considering the contrast with Josys jeans and blouse. However, she could tell that Josy wouldnt care about those questions and was serious about her going to the common room like this.

Josy motioned Melanie to sit on the chair, and then put the socks back on Melanies feet, followed by a pair of slippers. Okay, you look presentable, Josy grinned.

Melanie was embarrassed at the thought of going out there in front of Josys roommates dressed like this, but she would respect Josys rule. She knew she had the choice to strip off her chemise and stay here, but suspected Josy wanted to go out there. On top of that, she knew she would probably enjoy it, at least a little.

As Josy walked to the door, Melanie knew she had to check something first. She lifted the hem and touched herself, finding herself as wet as she had expected, and quickly dropping the hem before Josy noticed.

At the door, Josy looked back at her, seeing Melanie still standing there. What is it?

A furiously blushing Melanie said, I have to go to the bathroom first.

Oh? Josys gaze went from Melanies heated face down to her pussy, as if she could see through the cloth. Oh! I have tissues here, Josy said, grinning.

With the realization that Josy knew what she had meant, Melanie stood stock still, shaking her head.

Josy walked back to her desk and grabbed a tissue, then dropped to her knees in front of Melanie. With an exaggerated sigh, she asked, Do I have to do everything? Lift the hem for me.

Totally embarrassed, Melanie did as Josy asked. She bit her lip as she felt Josy carefully wipe her mound, though they both knew there was no moisture there.

Josy, do you Melanie gasped as Josy wiped the tissue down the left side, brushing her lip.

have any Another gasp, as the tissue went down the right side.

idea how  ah! A loud gasp as the tissue went down over her clit.

embarrassing this is? Melanie breathed heavily.

Josy moved the tissue between Melanies legs, and said, Spread your legs a little. Or better yet, sit on the chair.

Melanie sat down and spread her legs a little.

No, put your feet up, Josy said, looking up and adding, As you did for Reese?

Feeling exceedingly hot, Melanie raised her feet and put them on the chair. As she did, she leaned forward a little, looking down to see her clit was enlarged and her sex was opening up, glistening due to all the intense touching.

Josy looked between her legs and said, I will need another tissue. She lifted her gaze at Melanie, who quickly turned her head away. What was it that Reese said? Well, I did expect to see pink.

Please, stop, Melanie forced her eyes closed.

Just let me clean you up a little.

Melanie gasped as she felt Josy press the tissue against her pussy, lightly tapping around her inner folds, and then wiping down her perineum and over her rosebud. She opened her eyes and saw Josy grab another tissue. This time she both saw and felt Josy slide the tissue up over her spread open center and she gasped again as Josy rubbed it against her clit. Her eyes fluttered as her abdominal muscles contracted in response, adding to the pleasure.

The intimate touches were increasing her excitement more and more, and she wanted Josy to put the tissue aside, to caress her wet folds directly, to finger her until she came. She bit her lip, suppressed a moan, and kept quiet.

Josy was looking intently as if admiring a work of art. After a moment, she dabbed the tissue at Melanies pussy a few more times, triggering another gasp. With that Josy said, Looks good. She stood up, threw away the tissues, and said, Okay, no more excuses.

Melanie was sitting there, shocked, not believing Josy had just done all that, not believing she had allowed it.

She lowered her feet and stood up, letting the chemise fall back into place. Then she followed Josy out the door and through the hallway. When they entered the common room, she was glad to see there were only two other girls there, both sitting on the middle couch of the U-shaped configuration. They were watching something on the TV. Josy and Melanie sat on the couch to the left of them.

The dark-haired girl sitting close to Melanie spoke up. Thats a pretty dress. Wait, is that a dress? It looks like nightwear. Oh, Im Jess. She leaned in towards Melanie, extending her hand.

Melanie blushed. This was already starting off great, she thought, as she leaned in to shake the girls hand. Im Melanie.

As they shook hands, Jess giggled and said, Definitely nightwear. I can see your boobs when you lean over like that.

Melanie quickly sat back up, holding her chemise to her chest with one hand. She felt a hard nipple poking through the fabric. Was that the temperature or her lingering arousal?

The girl next to Jess turned her attention back to the TV with a smile on her face.

Jess smiled as well. Dont worry, I only saw a little. Its a good fit for you. But why are you wearing a chemise?

Before Melanie could answer, Josy spoke up. Shes staying over tonight.

Jess turned her attention back to the TV and said, Ah.

Did Jess understand it was a friendly sleepover or did she think they were together? Melanie looked at Josy in askance, but only got a grin back. Sighing, Melanie tried to relax and watch the TV.

It was a series she had heard about, and it seemed interesting enough to start watching.

At one point, Melanie was about to pull her feet up on the couch to hug her legs for warmth, but she stopped herself, remembering what she was and wasnt wearing. They sat there for a little over half an hour before both other girls left to go back to their rooms, whispering on their way out.

Melanie stood up. Shall we go as well?

Josy nodded and they went back to her room.

Josy the things you do to me.

I know. But you brought the chemise. You know the rule.

I didnt know it would lead to sitting in the common room like that. And arent you worried about what your roommates will think?

No. That was for you, for your craving.

Despite Josys current mental state, she had still thought of Melanies wants. But was that the only reason? Melanie knew Josy enjoyed pushing her, almost as much as Melanie enjoyed being pushed like that.

You enjoyed it, didnt you? Josy asked, looking at Melanies still hard nipples.

Melanie crossed her arms over her chest. It was a bit chilly in there.

Oh. Why didnt you say something?

Its okay. Shall we get ready for bed?

After brushing their teeth, they were back in Josys room. Melanie only needed seconds to strip and get ready for bed.

As Melanie sat naked on the bed, she watched Josy standing at her open closet, holding her nightshirt. She wondered if Josy would again go to the bathroom to change.

However, Josy surprised Melanie by taking off her blouse, followed by her bra. She stood there topless for a few seconds, with her back to Melanie, as she turned her nightshirt the right way and then put it on. She then started taking off her jeans, giving Melanie a brief view of her panties  cute aqua panties that left much of her butt exposed  before the nightshirt dropped into place, reaching just past mid-thigh. After taking off her jeans and socks, she turned around and noticed Melanie watching her.

Josy had a reserved look on her face. Not embarrassed, but not entirely comfortable either. Were you watching me?

Melanie smiled, pulling back the comforter to get into bed. Changing into my sleepwear doesnt take very long.

Josy laughed. I think you mean changing out of your sleepwear. Move over.

Melanie moved further towards the other side of the bed and felt Josy get in behind her. This time Josy was spooning her. Josys arm went around her stomach, but then her hand went up to her breasts, touching each nipple in turn.

A little surprised, Melanie asked, What are you doing?

Its not cold here, but your nipples are still hard, Josy said, her hand still on Melanies breast, rolling a nipple between her fingers.

Of course, youre touching them, Melanie said. She waited another moment for Josy to stop playing. Are you done?

Josy moved her hand down to Melanies stomach, hugging her. Yes.

Enjoying the hand on her bare stomach, Melanie asked, Whims and quirks?

Yes, and youll tell me if I go too far?

Melanie heard the hint of fear in Josys voice. The fear of pushing her. She thought back to earlier in the evening, when she had let Josy rub the tissue around her pussy, removing the wetness that gave away her arousal. At the time, she hadnt thought about it as being pushed. It hadnt felt as if it went too far. How could it be that such an intimate, embarrassing moment had felt just right? She turned her head and said, Of course. Good night, Josy.

Josy raised her head, leaned in, and kissed Melanie on the cheek. Good night, Mel.

As Melanie lay there, she knew she was in trouble.
