Driving Nude
by RandomOne2 ©

I'm not exactly sure how it happened, but driving naked has always been a 
thrill to me. I guess that it started small and grew from there. Maybe I 
was dared by one of my friends to drive without knickers while wearing a 
mini-skirt; or it could have been me running late again and I could have 
forgotten my bra. Well, whatever it was, was just the beginning.

But the first day that I was without clothing was a fun day. It started 
out normally. I had woken up and put on a lovely blue skirt and Lavender 
button down blouse. And these beautiful blue suede heels that you could 
die for. Oh, yeah, let me describe myself. I'm 5'0" and 115 lbs. B-cup 
breast. And I have brown hair and my eyes change with my mood, but they 
are usually brown.

I was heading to my first day of college and I was running late like 
usual. I only button up the middle button on my shirt and I only button up 
the top button on my skirt thinking that I would fix it on the way to 
school. But as I was driving, I decided that my makeup needed to be put 
on, and so I promptly forgot to finish up with my clothes. Now, at every 
stop, I would lean toward the mirror to fix my makeup and every time I 
did, my skirt would ride up a little and I breast would hang out a little 
farther out of my shirt each time.

I didn't notice a thing until I heard a honk right next to me. These three 
guys were riding alongside of me in a pickup truck and pointing over at 
me. The only thing I could think of was that there was something wrong 
with my car, so I rolled down my window to see what they were saying. The 
first thing that hit me was the words, "Nice Tits." I looked down and 
there the girls were. My first instinct was to grab my shirt and put them 
back in, but in my haste, I popped open the button and the girls were out 
there again.

It was then that I started to get a little turned on by this attention. 
Plus, the fact that my window was now open and the wind was hitting me, I 
was getting a little perky, if you know what I mean. I thought that I 
could give these guys a little show, so I left my blouse open. And they 
really started to get into it, and so did I. I started to rock a little 
bit and my breasts started swinging a little and my skirt kept getting 
higher and higher until it was bunched up at my waist. By then, the guys 
had noticed that I didn't have any knickers on and the really started to 
get into it.

When they started to pull out their cell phones, I decided to pull off at 
the next exit. I didn't want anyone to have a picture of me with me naked 
and my face out there. By the time I pulled off in the first parking lot I 
could find, I really needed to get myself off. I decided to just take off 
the skirt and blouse and get myself off. It was the best 20 minutes of my 
life. I must have cum about 5 times.

By the time I hit my last high, I realized just how late I was to class 
and pulled back onto the highway. I was doing about 20 over the limit when 
I saw the lights behind me. So I pulled over and got my license out of my 
backpack. The cop came up to my window and looked in and that's when I 
realized that my clothes were in the passenger seat on the other side of 
my backpack.. He asked me if I was having any trouble and I said that I 
was very late to class. He then asked about why I was nude. I said that I 
was running really late and that my clothes were on the passenger seat and 
that I was going to finish getting dressed once I got to school. He then 
said that he was going to give me a warning and that I should make sure 
that I get up earlier so that I wouldn't have to worry about these things.

When I got to school, I jumped out of my car and ran over to the passenger 
side and got dressed there. Though, I will admit that I only had the one 
button on my skirt buttoned and I did have one button missing on my 
blouse, and if you looked carefully, you would notice my nipples through 
the open part of my shirt.

Ever since that day, I would get up early and put my clothes into the car 
and drive wherever I was heading totally nude. Then I would get out of the 
car and get dressed out in public. It's always given me a big thrill. I 
still do that to this day. My husband loves taking trips with me. I'll 
have to tell you about how we met some other day. 
Ciao.