Kay and the Black Dress
by escapableheart©

There were only two days left before the party and she still didn't have anything to wear. Shopping was the order of the day and it was important that Kay find a dress. Grabbing the last of her coffee and her purse she headed out to the car. She would start her search at the mall.

Thursdays weren't too busy at the mall. It seemed as if most people waited for the weekend. This would be a good thing, seeing as Kay hated shopping. Her job at Starbucks was going well and she had just experienced an amazing adventure with one of her customers in the adjacent Chapters store. She had inadvertently stumbled into a very erotic encounter in the fiction section. She couldn't get the images of his hands stroking that girls soft skin right there in the book store. 

She felt a familiar stirring and warmth as she approached the mall parking lot. She had not seen the customer again even though he had invited her to a movie that afternoon. And she had no idea why he crept into her thoughts now. Her skin responded in goosebumps as she recalled the soft moans of the girl he was stroking in Chapters. Like a magnet she was drawn from observing to participating. Even now, two weeks later she felt her heart beating faster thinking of his fingers probing her in such a public place. Her breasts were heaving under her t-shirt as her breath quickened. 

Kay had left her bra at home, thinking that she wanted what ever dress she picked out to fit her naturally. She and slid into some sweat pants, hoping to reduce the bother in the fitting room. She wanted to find something to wear with as little hassle as possible at first, but with her mysterious customer invading her thoughts, she began to warm up to the idea of a new dress.

She parked near the main entrance and was pleased to see the mall was nearly empty. Spotting a coffee shop just inside the door seemed timely, so Kay picked up a medium coffee to stir her shopping into gear. More thoughts of her customer lover sprang up. His eyes roaming over her Starbucks uniform that day had caught her by surprise in the best of ways. She hadn't realized how her breasts filled out her shirt while on duty. 

Thinking of it brought her dark nipples to attention and looking down she was mildly embarrassed to see them stretching her t-shirt material. Sipping her coffee gave her a chance to innocently brush her arm over her breasts. Warmth spread all over as the coffee went down and her nipples hardened even more. Walking brought a slight sway to her breasts causing her nipples to rub inside her shirt which drew glances from a male store clerk in the shoe store. She would have to go back there when she found her dress.

Kay went to the only dress store she liked in the mall and was glad to see the young blond girl was on duty. She didn't know her name but Kay was oddly drawn to her. She was not normally attracted to girls but this girl had grabbed her attention. Kay couldn't help but take a closer inspection when she thought the girl wasn't looking. 

Her body was slender and tall. Her breasts were on the small side, smaller than Kay's. The last time she had shopped here, Kay had caught this young clerk sizing her up. At first she had dismissed it as a salesclerk eyeing a customer for the commission. But now it was Kay's turn. The young girl's hips were wide, but they did carry her jeans well. The space between her jeans and tight tee shirt revealed a flat, well-formed tummy. She obviously worked out. 

Thoughts of seeing this girl in tight exercise clothes, glowing with sweat got Kay even more warm than she already was. Her aureoles puckered, shoving hard, brown nipples outward. It was an involuntary response but it wasn't at all unpleasant. She felt that stirring warmth in her insides. Lifting her eyes from the dress she was checking out, Kay blushed as she noticed the girl watching her.

Perhaps it was the warmth stirring deep down, or perhaps it was the thoughts of the stranger, but Kay decided she was going try on a couple of dresses. She very rarely did that. But today, she was restless, and moved by the careful glances of this quietly beautiful clerk. Lifting the black dress off the rack, she moved towards the girl who was smiling softly and already headed in her direction.

"I think I'd like to try this on, if I may?" Kay said timidly.

"Sure thing," she answered. "Follow me and I'll show you where the fitting rooms are."

Kay handed the dress to the girl. Their hands touched briefly, but it seemed the girl let her fingers linger a little too long. Kay stole a quick look at her, enjoying the curves of her tee shirt and the soft blond peach fuzz on the back of the girls arms. "Hmmmm... natural..." Kay thought. The girl's name tag hung precariously from her tee shirt on the slope of her left breast. Amy was her name according to the tag, and Amy's nipples were betraying her arousal at being so close to Kay.

As Amy turned and walked away towards the back of the store, Kay stood still for a moment and let her eyes soak in the view. Amy's ass was nice... more than nice. It filled out the tight fitting jeans and rose to a slender waist revealed between her tee shirt and her jeans. Smooth translucent skin seemed to invite Kay's touch. 

"Aren't you coming?" Amy asked? 

Kay jumped. "How long had I been staring?" she thought to herself. She felt the heat rising in her face as she blushed all the way down into her own tee. Amy just smiled and turned and walked to a small curtained doorway. 

"You can change in here if you like. That way you can keep on sipping your coffee. We don't allow drinks in the main fitting rooms."

Kay appreciated the gesture. She had needed this coffee this morning and was nurturing her way through it. Amy pulled the thin curtain aside and went into the room ahead of Kay. Kay couldn't help but catch her breath as Amy raised her arm, pulling her tee further up her tummy over those tight jeans. Her breasts seemed to reach up with her arm, and her nipples pressed outward. Kay felt a twinge in her own jeans as a little shudder went up her spine.

Amy seemed not to notice but as she handed Kay the black dress, Kay noticed Amy take an unusual amount of time looking at her breasts. As if to cover up, Amy held up the size tag on the dress and then took another full look at Kay. This time from the her legs all the way up over her chest to her eyes. 

"I think this will look wonderful on you...I am Amy by the way." She held out her slender hand. Kay took it in a warm, gentle hand shake. "I'm Kay. Thanks for letting me use your room to change in."

"no problem." Amy smiled. "The curtain may be a bit thin, but there's more room to admire yourself in the mirror. Well, try it on and let me know what you think."

Amy turned and went back to the store, pulling the curtain closed behind her. Kay noticed that the curtain had not fully closed and wondered if Amy had done that on purpose. She placed her coffee on the small table in the corner and hung the dress up beside the mirror. Boldly, Kay decided not to fix the curtain. It stirred her to think that Amy might be thinking what she was thinking. Her nipples hardened again at the thought. 

Reaching for the bottom of her pale pink tee shirt, Kay slowly lifted it above her head. Purposefully, Kay slid the shirt off and set it on the desk. She had to bend forward to do this and her nipples, now free in the cold air of the store, were totally at attention. Her breasts swayed only slightly with the movement. The motion of her arms caused them to swell together, creating a marvelous pair of smooth mounds. Her olive skin glowed with the sense of being revealed in this vulnerable spot.

Kay was sure she heard a small gasp coming from the store. She acted as if she didn't hear but as she took a sideways glance in the mirror and she was sure she saw Amy looking at her from over a rack in the store. Kay decided to make this last. She was feeling very daring and the risk of it all had started her juices flowing. She could feel the dampness between her legs growing.

Taking a sip of her coffee, Kay felt her heart beat accelerating. She didn't know why, but today she had the courage to do the unthinkable. Turning slowly, ignoring the partially open curtain, she stuck her thumbs into the waist band of her sweat pants. Sliding her hands around behind her, she slowly lowered her hands, pulling her sweats down over her buttocks. 

Standing with her legs slightly open, and straight, Kay pushed her hands to her ankles. 

Her motion forced her damp labia lips to blossom open like a rose with the morning dew. Kay couldn't resist the temptation to run two fingers over her moist pussy. The sensation made her knees weak. Her hand trembled and her breath quickened. Reaching for the dress, she slid it over her arm and raised them in the air. The dress fell like silk over her body caressing her now rigid nipples on the way down. A shiver ran up her spine. 

Looking in the mirror, Kay could see movement in the store. The shortness of the dress was exciting her. She flipped the hem from side to side and watched the snapshots of her wetness. Her warm nectar was sliding down her inner thighs. Raising the her arms revealed the round firm butt cheeks she was so proud of. She ran her hand s over the dress, caressing ever part of her body she could with gentle strokes. 

Leaning back on the desk, Kay raised the black hem and slid her right hand firmly to her pussy. Her fingers slid over the smooth lubricated outer lips. Opening her legs slightly, Kay slid a trembling finger inside while her thumb flicked over her swelling clit. Her legs gave way as her second finger penetrated into her warm love tunnel. She began a slow intense pumping. 

The motion forced the dress higher as her ass cheeks clung to the edge of the desk. Her pussy and fingers now fully revealed, Kay knew that Amy was getting a good view. Looking up through the gap in the curtain caused Kay to draw in her breath sharply. Amy stood a few feet beyond the curtain openly staring at her. Amy's one hand was cupping her small perky breast through her tee shirt while her other hand was openly caressing the crotch of her jeans. Amy's eyes locked with hers in a shameless gaze. Amy's tongue circled her lips unaware...

The sight of Amy caressing herself so boldly drove Kay over the edge. The tension that had been building all morning flooded over. Her knees quaking, her fingers pumping furiously, Kay grabbed her left nipple and twisted violently. Suddenly from deep within, her passion gave way to an explosion. Her tummy tightened. She threw her head back and let out a deep moan. Her pussy walls gripped her fingers tightly and she pressed them in past the second knuckles. Her legs clamped together as her juices flooded out –running down her legs in amounts that surprised her. Wave after wave of pleasure overwhelmed her brain, and every part of her being. 

It was a few moments before she recovered. When she looked up, Amy was gone to the front of the store to serve another customer. Sliding her sweats and tee shirt into a small bundle, Kay put them in her purse. The smell of her own sex filled the air as she left the room leaving the curtain open. Approaching the cash desk, Kay stood patiently while Amy served the only other customer. The older lady was buying something for her daughter. She looked at Kay questioningly but said nothing. 

"I see you decided to take the dress." Amy said with a slight smile. 

"Yes," Kay replied, "I like the way it looks." Kay's legs trembled as she moved into the mall, her own slippery wetness glowing on her legs and her aroma filling her nostrils. "It was going to be a great day," she thought. Visions of a dark, damp spot on Amy's jeans brought a smile to her face. 
