Out For Servicing
byNikkikps©

It was a warm and humid Sunday morning and I had to take my car for servicing. I was feeling aroused so decided to include some teasing while I get the service done. I generally were short skirts which make it easier but today I decided to wear a pair of short denim shorts and a cropped t-shirt. The shorts were tight and pushed into my pussy lips giving a nice feeling. As I closed the button on the waist I found it a little loose but did not give it much of a thought. The t-shirt covered my tits but hung loose over it keeping my belly exposed till below my belly button. I stood in front of the mirror looking at myself and saw that when I raise my hands the t-shirt rises up exposing my tits. Finally I put on a pair of flat sandals and was ready to go.

I left my apartment and while in the elevator going down to the basement, I squeezed my tits under the t-shirt and pinched my nipples making them erect and sticking out against the t-shirt. I could already feel myself getting moist between my legs. As I drove towards the service station, I thought about the greased and oiled hands of the guys there groping my body and my left hand went to my lap rubbing my pussy over the shorts. I was feeling excited and was fantasizing about the guys cocks as my left hand undid the hook holding the shorts at my waist and pulled the zipper down. I was now fingering myself as I drove but just before reaching the car servicing shop I stopped, licked the juices off my fingers and put the shorts together again. This time the button appeared to be even more loose and I made a note to be careful.

When I reached the service center, to my delight I found that I was the only one there at this time and the two guys there directed me to bring the car on to the servicing pit. Once the car was at the right spot I switched off the engine and stepped out. I could feel the two pairs of eyes staring at me as I told them the mileage for which I required the service. Both the guys appeared young in their late 20's and I found them to be hot in their dirty coveralls. They told me it will take about 1hour to finish the work and I could take a Uber back and come to collect the car later. However I told them that I would rather wait here and leave with the car after they had completed the work.

They directed me to the waiting area which was just next to the pit and had a few steel chairs fixed to the floor for customers to sit while waiting. I told them it was fine and as they started to work on the car I strolled around looking around the spare parts littered around. I could feel their eyes following me and when they had a side view of me, I stretched myself raising my arms which hiked up my t-shirt giving them a nice view of my unrestrained tits. I continued to strut around for a few minutes and then went to the waiting area and sat on a chair facing the working area. I looked around on the magazines lying on the table and found that most were related to cars but stumbled across one girlie magazine which had pictures of semi nude and topless women. I picked it up and started to browse through it keeping it in front of my face so that they knew what I was looking at. I was thinking of their greased hands squeezing my tits and fingering my pussy as I pretended to browse through the magazine. I was getting very aroused now and decided to up the ante a bit.

As I sat there pretending to look through the magazine, I took my left hand off it and moved it to the top of my shorts. I toyed with the button at the waist and fiddled around with it for a minute or so before slowly slipping my hand under my tight shorts. I pushed my ass forwarded in the chair, leaning back as I felt my hand touch my pussy lips. The feeling was electric and made my body tingle as I started to rub my pussy. From the corner of my eyes I saw them stop what they were doing and stare at me. The movement of my hand inside the tight shorts strained the material and suddenly the button holding the shorts together popped off dripping to the floor and rolled away from me under another chair. At that time I did not care about the button as this provided a little more freedom for my hand inside the shorts.

I kept the magazine down and was looking down at my lap not realizing that one of the guy had come towards me and was standing right in front of me. I felt his presence and looked up at him showing surprise and then looked back at my lap, slowly withdrawing my hand and sitting straight again.He said to me that he can help me with what I am trying to do and he held my shorts from the front at the waist and pulled me up making me stand. He then took the bottom of my t-shirt in his hand and started pulling it up. I raised my arms and he took it off and threw it aside as he put his mouth on my tits biting them lightly with his teeth.

By this time the other guy had also come up to us and as the first guy was biting on my tits the second guy pulled my shorts down to my feet. I kicked my sandals off and raised my feet one by one to help him get the shorts off me. The first guy was moving his face down to my belly as I reached out to the second guy and pulled the zipper on his coverall all the way down. He was wearing a vest and briefs inside. As the first guy licked my belly button, I had put my hand inside the second guys brief and took his hard cock in my hand. As I fondled his cock he took off his coverall an briefs. By this time the first guy had reached my pussy and was using his hands to pull apart my pussy lips and pushing his tongue down in the opening. I was moaning in pleasure.as his tongue explored my pussy and at this time the second guy fed his cock to my mouth.

I took his cock in deep and the guy holding my head with his hands started to fuck my mouth moving his cock in and out. I could feel his cock hit the back of my throat as the first guyed continued to pleasure my pussy with his expert tongue. I felt the grip on my head getting stronger as the push on the cock in my mouth slowed and I knew he was about to cum. I then felt the cum shooting out of the second guys cock and filling up my mouth. I swallowed as much as I could and some dribbled out of my mouth on to my chin. As he stepped back the first guy stood up leaving my pussy and took off his coverall and briefs. He then told me to turn around and bend down holding the chairs. I did just that pushing my ass back and he spanked my ass with his greased hands a few times before pushing his cock deep in my pussy. He held me at my waist and thrust his cock in and out getting faster and pushing harder. I was moaning with pleasure and so was he. He fucked me for more than two minutes before thrusting it in hard one last time and holding it there as he pumped his cum deep inside me.

Satisfied after having cum in my mouth and pussy the two guys resumed their work on my car. But I had not cum till now and I sat naked on the chair looking at my grease covered body. I moved my hand to my pussy and as the two guys looked over towards me I picked the first guys cum from there and the put it in my mouth. Tanking my hand down again I put two fingers in my pussy and started fucking myself with them. I continued to masturbate as the guys watched me and worked on my car too. Within a few minutes I was cumming and arched my body up pushing my pussy outwards. My whole body shuddered with intense pleasure as I came hard with the two guys watching intently. As the pleasure subsided, I took my fingers to my mouth licking them clean.

I stood up and moved about in the waiting area still naked as the guys completed the work on my car. It was only when they told me that the car was ready, did I pick up my t-shirt and shorts. As I put the t-shirt on another car came up and stopped outside the pit but there was a clear view to the waiting area. As the guy from the car got down I was getting into my shorts wondering about what he must be thinking about the naked girl putting on her shorts in a servicing shop. I asked the guys about the payment but they told me it was on them and I smiled and thanked them. I got into my car and drove off looking at the two guys talking to the person who had just come in. I was sure they would be telling him about me.

On the way back I thought about what had happened and I could feel my pussy twitching again. My left hand made its way again to my shorts and this time there was no button and it went straight to the zipper and I was pleasuring myself again.
 