Do you know that feeling of being watched? When you are enjoying your shower, eyes closed, shampoo in your hair, and the feeling of being watched just creeps up on you.
I was enjoying my late night shower after an evening of watching horror movies when that feeling came over me. Normally I would rinse my hair and wipe the water out of my eyes to check that I was alone, which of course was always the case. But this time, I resolutely ignored it and continued my shower.
I rubbed my hands over my wet breasts. My nipples had suddenly become hard due to a cold gust of wind. I shivered and turned the front of my body under the warm water jet again. My nipples remained hard and my fingers found themselves naturally around them, squeezing gently.
With my eyes closed and my head completely under the running water, I felt as if I was alone in the world. I let one of my hands slide down to between my nether lips and slowly rubbed my, by now hardened, clitoris. It had been so long since I had had sex because of that damn corona. Only my hand had satisfied me the last few months and I needed a strong man to completely dominate me and fill the hole inside of me. Unfortunately, that fantasy was going to remain unfulfilled until the end of this pandemic was in sight.
I heard the bells from the town church ring, announcing the eleventh hour of Halloween. In one of the movies I had watched earlier, they had referred to this as "the witching hour". All monsters would come out of hiding on hallows' eve between eleven and midnight. I shook my head with a grin, but when the bell rang the final time, I suddenly felt the temperature in the bathroom drop and had that unmistakable feeling of being watched again. This time I couldn't shake off the feeling and rubbed the water out of my eyes, turned around, and stood face to face with a pale, naked man.
Of course, I screamed in shock. The man looked at me almost as shocked as I was and screamed as well.
This confused me so much that I stopped screaming and shouted, "Why are you screaming?"
"You can see me?" He asked, appearing surprised.
"Yes, of course. What are you doing here? Why are you in my bathroom? And why are you naked?" My voice grew louder and screechier with every question. I looked more closely at the man, but without my glasses, I couldn't see many details. He looked very pale and somehow translucent.
"I... I... I think I'm a ghost."
I stared at him with my mouth open, unable to say another word.
He rubbed his chest absently and even without my glasses I could see the wound. "I remember getting into the shower, then just a horrible pain and then nothing."
I recalled a news segment from a year ago, about someone that had been shot in my apartment building. Unfortunately, they didn't find the perpetrator. In Brussels, in an apartment building of the '70s with more than 15 floors and hundreds of units, it was not so strange that a ghost would wander around. I just never expected it to show up here in my bathroom on Halloweens Eve.
We looked at each other hesitantly and only when the water from the shower turned cold, did I regain the presence of mind to say something.
"Can you hand me my towel?" I asked.
After a brief hesitation, he slowly reached out his hand to my towel which hung on the drying rack. It seemed as if he expected that he wouldn't succeed, but that to his surprise he suddenly held it in his hand. With his mouth open, he stared at his hand and then at my outstretched one, waiting for the towel.
"I can touch things," he said, and his gaze changed from surprise to lustful.
"What..." Before I could say anything else he had grabbed my hand, pulled me towards him, and pressed his lips on mine. His lips felt firm but cold under mine and the tongue seeking access to my mouth was wet, soft, and cool. I groaned through the unexpected sensation and his tongue slipped into my mouth. I reacted and our tongues dueled passionately. It had been a long time since I had been kissed so well and I didn't want to miss a second of it. My hands grabbed his hair and I pulled him closer to me. His cold naked body was pressed against my wet, warm body and I felt his hard manhood between us. It seemed as if the gods had heard me and granted me my wish here in my bathroom.
He grabbed my legs and lifted me up, pushing me against the wall. I could feel him positioning his steel-hard erection between my nether lips. "Please, let me feel alive, if only for an hour," he begged.
I did not hesitate for a second and moaned in permission. Instead of the hard thrust, I was expecting, he slid into me agonizingly slowly. I was still so wet from the shower and the excitement of our passionate kiss, that he smoothly slid the head of his erection into me. It felt cool, but not unpleasantly cold. I enjoyed the unfamiliar feeling and he enjoyed my muscles clenching around him in response.
He raised his head to the ceiling like in a prayer and I could now clearly see his face which radiated with pleasure. He was pleasant to look at and seemed to be about the same age as me. I didn't care. All I wanted from him now was pleasure and he was doing his best to give it to me. He went so slow that I almost didn't realize that he filled me completely until he moaned loudly and I felt his pubic bone rubbing against my clitoris.
"Oh, you're so warm around me. So alive and pulsating and warm," he groaned.
I blushed, a man had never said that to me before and I felt even more excited than I already was. I moved my hips to encourage him to start thrusting into me, but he seemed so lost in the enjoyment of me around him that he didn't notice. It wasn't until I squeezed my muscles hard around him that he seemed to wake up from his trans. He looked at me and I saw his pale eyes tormented by an invisible burden he carried with him and I felt determined to make him forget his pain and give him all the pleasure that was possible.
"You feel so good inside me, but I want you to move," I begged.
Immediately he obeyed and slowly pulled himself out of me and then thrust hard and deep inside me again. I moaned with pleasure and that only encouraged him. He went faster and faster and supernaturally, I felt my first orgasm coming. I had never come so close to my climax as fast as this and only through vaginal stimulation, but with him, it all seemed possible. Maybe the extra stimulation of his cold temperature was what could push me over the edge.
Suddenly I realized I didn't know his name. I can't come around a man, even if he was a ghost, without knowing his name. "What's your name?" I groaned.
He seemed surprised by the question and slowed down his pace. I moaned as I felt my orgasmic pleasure diminish and he noticed my discomfort.
"Kristof," he said as he began to thrust back into me quickly and deeply. "And you?"
"Alina," I moaned and I felt my orgasm wasn't gonna take long. "Oh Kristof, yes I... I'm going... Aaah!" I screamed out when I reached my first climax.
My whole body was shaking and my muscles were squeezing around him, provoking a loud moan. I also felt him vibrating and pulsating inside me, but I missed the usual feeling of sperm filling me. His erection didn't seem to diminish at all, on the contrary, it seemed like my orgasm had only made him harder.
After he gave me a few seconds to gasp for breath, he started moving inside me again and I moaned softly, "Bed, please, give me a second to recover."
He looked at me with a radiant smile that made him look incredibly handsome and with me in his arms he walked to the door. And when I say to the door, I mean it literally. He walked into the closed door at full speed. All the air was pushed out of me and an "Oempf" came out of my mouth.
In amazement, Kristof took a step back and gave me a sheepish grin. "Sorry, old habits," he said.
I rubbed irritatedly on the back of my head which had hit the door, fortunately, my robe hanging on the door had cushioned the impact a bit, otherwise, the evening would have looked different. On the second attempt, he opened the door before walking through it and walked with me in his arms to my bedroom.
He laid me tenderly on the bed and before I could pull him on me, he had already buried his head between my legs. He licked me between my nether lips and moaned, "Oh you taste delicious."
Before I could say another word, he had devoted himself to his meal. His tongue felt cold, wet, and unbelievable good between my lips and on my clitoris. My hot femininity was in stark contrast to his cool tongue and the sensation on my clitoris was so much more intense than I had with other men.
I grabbed his hair to have something to hold on for when the next orgasm was about to reach me. I knew it was only a matter of time and before my thoughts had formed, I felt that all too familiar feeling building up again.
He stuck a finger deep inside me and the cold hardness combined with his mouth sucking on my clitoris was enough to make me explode with pleasure. I moaned and my entire body trembled with the orgasm that took over. Even before the vibrations stopped, Kristof was sucking and licking my clit again. I groaned and grabbed his head was even firmer. I loved it when a man didn't suddenly stop after you had an orgasm and Kristof seemed determined to get as much out of it as he could. Orgasm, after orgasm he gave me and after I lost count and also my breath, I gently pushed him away.
I gasped for breath and said: "Give me a moment to catch my breath and then we will move on".
Kristof bit his lip and looked at my alarm clock on my nightstand. Without my glasses, I couldn't see the time so I asked: "What time is it?
"Half-past 12."
"Oh," I said hesitantly. "And you only have until 12 o'clock?"
He nodded. "I think so, yes. It's the first time this has happened. This is the moment in the year when the veil between the living and the dead is the thinnest and I want to enjoy it as long as I can."
"Okay, you have to give me a break, but if you want I can..." I pointed to his erection which still seemed painfully hard.
"Oh," he said and it looked like he was blushing, his cheeks were darkening and Kristof averted his eyes. "I only mean if you want, I wouldn't want to..."
I turned my eyes and grabbed his manhood, which cut off his words efficiently. After moving up and down a few times about his erection, which made my intention clear, I led him to the edge of my bed. I laid down on my back and opened my mouth. After staring at me in amazement for a few seconds, he stepped forward hesitant. I took his manhood back into my hand and pulled him further towards my mouth, there I held him and stuck out my tongue to lick his head. It was as if I was licking an ice cream without it melting. He didn't really have a defined taste, he just tasted pleasantly masculine.
I grabbed his buttocks and pulled him closer to me until his knees touched the edge of the bed. Luckily I had such a high bed that he didn't have to bend his knees to be comfortable. After pulling his hips a couple of times to encourage him, Kristof seemed to get hold of my intention. He slowly started thrusting his hips and his erection slipped smoothly in and out of my mouth. His balls gently bumped against my nose and I groaned in encouragement.
I was pretty good at suppressing my gag reflex and the only problem I had in this position was definitely getting enough breath in. Somehow I had no problem at all with that now. It seemed as if I was still getting air in, even with him deep in my mouth and throat. He was physically present, but not completely in this world. It seemed as if he stood with one foot here with me and with one foot somewhere else.
After a few experimental thrusts, he seemed to get his rhythm. I did not protest when he stepped up his pace, on the contrary, I moaned with pleasure. I loved giving blowjobs, even when I couldn't gasp for breath, and the only discomfort I felt normal was taken away with him. He hit my throat hard and fast and I took it with pleasure. My groans clearly spurred him on and I felt that he was not going to last much longer. His thrusts became sloppier and irregular and Kristof moaned with pleasure. I felt his penis swell and his moaning became louder, but the normal spurt of sperm didn't come. After a loud primal cry, he gasped and pulled out of my mouth. I licked my lips and smiled at him.
"Did you... You know come." I asked to be sure.
"And then some," he gasped.
I didn't ask myself many questions, it must be a typical ghost thing. He was the first ghost I met and I didn't want to bother him too much with trivial things when he only had an hour to enjoy his half-life.
I asked, "What's your favorite position?" Completely ready to give him everything he wanted.
"I... I don't know," Kristof said.
"Oh come on," I said encouragingly. "I know they're all good, but you must have a preference."
"No, I mean I don't remember anything before I died. I know I love what we're doing, but I can't remember any specifics".
"Oh," I said. "Well, then we'll start with one of my favorites."
I pulled him onto the bed and went to straddle him. I took his hands and put them on my breasts while I used mine to make him slide inside me. As soon as he filled me, I groaned with pleasure. He felt so good and he touched me in all the right places in this position. I was already used to his temperature and enjoyed the cold pulsation deep inside me. Slowly I started to move and from his facial expression, I could see that this might also have been one of his favorite things in his life.
He needed no further encouragement to massage my breasts. His cold palms soon made my nipples rock hard and when he squeezed them between his fingers, I couldn't stop my moaning of pleasure. I increased my pace and held on tight to his chest. With every movement down, my clitoris rubbed his pubic bone and that extra stimulation was enough to send me to the uncountable orgasm of the evening. I went faster and faster and he thrust up with his hips making him go even deeper into me. I screamed out with pleasure and my muscles squeezed tight around him. My legs stiffened during my climax, but he kept thrusting up, which only strengthened my orgasm.
Exhausted, I fell down his chest and felt his hard erection pulsating into me. Unsatiable was a good word to describe him, but how would you be if you had no life left and had to miss out on life's pleasures?
I let him slip out of me and laid me down on my stomach. I gestured that he had to come behind me and soon he slid so deliciously into me again. In this position, his hard masculinity came even deeper and after three thrusts, I felt him touch my G-spot. I could not stop my moaning and this motivated him to hit the same spot over and over again. I could not distinguish where one orgasm ended or the next started. It seemed like a constant stream of pleasure he gave me and I could do nothing but receive it all.
After a while, he turned me on my side and thrust into me through a different angle so that I saw stars. Everything felt so good and I lost all sense of time.
Suddenly I heard the church bells ringing again. He stiffened and turned me on my back. Incredibly slowly and tenderly he slid into me as he looked into my eyes. No words were exchanged, but I made him a promise. I was going to do everything in my power to find out what happened to him and give him his peace of mind by next year. He saw that promise in my eyes and kissed me with so much emotion that it made me tear up. I did not want him to see it, so I grabbed his head and kissed him back as I closed my legs around him to hold him close to me and deep inside me.
When the last chime struck and November 1st was heralded, he disappeared like a dream and I was alone in my bedroom that smelled of my arousal and sweat.