Smile for the Camera!
by SuperEvil
superevil7@protonmail.com
Copyright 2022 by SuperEvil, all rights reserved

Chapter 2

The girls were up fairly early the next morning, around 9 am. It was Saturday and they had no school, so the girls opted to go to the local big box store in their town. It wasn't quite the mall, but it was the closest thing to it they had available in their small town, and neither girl was old enough to drive yet. They headed there on their bikes instead.

The girls were still able to try on clothes, and look at other things they liked, such as makeup, hair styling products, nail polish, and even the electronics and toy sections. They were still only both 14, so a curious glance at the toys they would have played with just a few years before, and the video game available, was on the agenda for the day. Even if they didn't linger around the area for too long.

The store had a little restaurant, where the girls ordered lunch before they left. The food was maybe one step up from the type of food they got in school, but for teenagers it was good enough. Kerry got a slice of pizza and a soda, while Nancy ordered a cheeseburger and fries, with some apple juice to drink.

Up until now, the girls hadn't said a word to one another about what had happened yesterday. They had both tried to go on like nothing had happened, but now there was a lull in the conversation. Kerry in particular was bad at silence, and couldn't get her mind to focus on anything else besides what had happened. "So, uh, how was Johnny last night? After, you know…"

"Oh…" Nancy looked at her friend introspectively. "He was fine. He, uh, didn't say anything about what happened."

"No?"

"No. If that's what you mean."

"Oh, good." Kerry blushed. As much as she didn't want to talk about it, it was still the only thing on her mind. "How do you feel about it?"

Nancy took her turn to blush. "It was… nice at the time." She mumbled out.

"I thought so too. But now I feel kinda embarrassed that he saw me." Kerry gave a nervous laugh.

"You feel embarrassed? He's my brother!" Nancy gave her own laugh.

"Do you think he's gonna wanna do it again?" She asked nervously. "With us?"

"I don't know… probably." Nancy tilted her head, and asked, "Would that be so bad?"

Kerry pondered for a moment before answering. "No. I mean, it was nice at the time. I just feel so embarrassed about it now." She dropped her voice to a whisper. "I mean, he saw me naked! And…"

"And he made us do…" Nancy continued for her, although she couldn't finish. "I, um, guess he didn't actually make us…"

"No, I guess not. He just encouraged us, but still…" Kerry cringed a little. "I've never been naked in front of anyone before. Especially not a boy!"

"Hey, he said you were cute, remember?" Nancy gave her a little half smile. "And we did get to see him too."

"I know!" Kerry gave a blushing giggle. "He looked so big too! I didn't know that they could get that big!"

"How big did you think they could get?" While Nancy had never seen her brother with an erection before this all started, she had seen him nude incidentally at other times. She hadn't been as surprised at her brother's size as her friend, but yesterday was also the third time she had seen him like that.

"I don't know? Like that?" Kerry giggled again, pointing at some hotdogs spinning on the rack at the food counter.

Nancy also giggled with her. "I don't know! I don't think Johnny is quite that long, but he certainly is thicker!"

Both girls giggled loudly, but we're interpreted by another customer letting out a loud tisk sound towards them. A young mother with two small children was staring daggers at the girls. Both girls blushed profusely at the lady, especially Nancy who had made the last comment quite loudly, and the girls got up and threw away their trash. Then both girls made a hasty retreat out of the store before they got into trouble.

"I hope she didn't hear what I said." Nancy commented as she undid her bike lock.

"So what if she did? She doesn't know us." Kerry consoled her friend.

"I just don't like to be thought of as that kind of girl." She frowned as she got onto her bike.

"Aren't we those kinds of girls now?" Kerry commented pensively.


John was waiting in the living room when the girls arrived home. “Hey girls! Welcome home!” He grinned at them. Like most teenagers, he chose to sleep in. He hadn't gotten up until after 11, and had just been casting some of his favorite internet videos on the large screen TV in the living room.

“Johnny. Hey.” Kerry glanced at her friend side eyed, feeling nervous about the way he was grinning at them. Nancy looked back at her with almost the same expression.

"Did you girls have a good time at Red-Mart this morning?" He asked.

"Yeah, John." Nancy answered. "We bought some eye liner to try on." She held up a small plastic bag at him. "We're gonna go up to my room."

The girls had turned to go up the stairs, but John stopped them. "Hey, wait. You girls don't have to leave so quickly. I haven't even told you about mom and dad yet."

"What about mom and dad?" Nancy gave another nervous look, this time at her brother.

"They went to the casino again. You know they always send out those free rooms and such. But that means they won't be back until tomorrow afternoon at least. Isn't that great! That means I'm in charge for the whole time until they get back." The girls thought the smile on his face looked a little menacing.

Normally their parents never left either one of them in charge, since Nancy and her brother were both so close in age. Normally they just asked that they look out for one another. "Oh…" was all she said, getting the vibe that John was expecting more than their normal arrangement.

"So we have the whole afternoon, the whole evening, and even the whole night to spend together. Isn't that great, girls!?" John just wore a grin, even as the girls looked at him tensely. By now they had a pretty good idea of what he expected to do with them during that time. "Kerry, you should see if you can spend the night with us too."

Kerry looked over at her friend. "I guess I could?" She gave a shrug of her shoulders.

Things couldn't have lined up any more perfectly for him, even if he had planned it all out. "Great! So why don't you girls get more comfortable? Take off all your clothes and join me for a movie." He said happily, not once stumbling over the words.

"Take off all our clothes!?" Nancy's response was one of shock and outrage, even with the foreknowledge of expecting him to say something like that.

"Yeah. I'll even let you girls pick out whatever movie you wanna watch. Come over here into the room girls." He chuckled at them. The girls were still standing in the doorway from when they had arrived. They both shuffled over slowly, getting nervous balls in the pits of their stomachs.

John could see it was going to take more pressure to get the girls to go along with what he wanted, as they both just stood in front of him and the couch, with anxious looks on their faces. "Go ahead girls. Take off all your clothes. Just like yesterday. Do I need to remind you I have videos of both of you in your birthday suits? I'd hate to have to resort to threats in order to get you girls to do what I want. I promise nothing more will happen than what we did yesterday." He gave them a reassuring smile.

Nancy and Kerry both gave each other a look, as if to say they both knew their fate was now sealed. Then Kerry got a light bulb over her head, having one last idea that might put a stop to this. "We could tell on you, for looking at porn! I don't think your mom and dad would be happy to know that!" Kerry let out a little sigh, thinking she had just solved their problem.

“Do you know what a hidden partition is? A VPN? DNS? Can you install Linux on your machine in a dual-boot situation? And hide that it can dual-boot unless you press a special key combo?” John gave her a very smug look. “I know how to cover my tracks. My parents have no idea that I am able to get around their web filter. They wouldn't know the difference between an IP address and a domain name.”

“Johnny is very good with computers.” Nancy said, sadly.

“Yeah. That’s why I can promise you that the videos I took of you will always be safe. And that I’ll never lose them. I have them encrypted, so I'm the only one that can open them, backed up to a cloud service you’ve probably never even heard of.” He smiled as the girls frowned. Kerry looked especially upset. “Not to mention the other two backups I have locally.”

“Ok! Ok! I get it!” Kerry said in frustration. “What do you want us to do?” She looked at him in defeat.

“I told you. Both you girls can start out by taking your clothes off.” The smile hadn’t left his face, but his expression seemed to look especially evil at this moment.

“Are you going to, you know, do what you did yesterday with us again?” Nancy asked, studying the floor beneath her.

“Oh, yes, but not right now. No, that's for later.” He explained.

Kerry gave him a confused look. “Why do you want us to take our clothes off then?”

“Because it will be fun. For me at least. I want to spend some time with the two of you naked for me. You two are both so cute naked.” He said, making them blush. “I had so much fun watching Kerry bounce around from one room to the next without her clothes yesterday. I want to watch both of you bounce around today. It’ll help build up the anticipation for later. If you know what I mean?” He laughed. The girls’ faces were both burning, but they still made no movement.

By now he was getting frustrated with the girls, and realized he would need to use more force with them. “And because I said so! That’s why! Now no more stalling. I want to see two cute naked gals in two minutes! Or maybe I should invite one of my friends to see the videos, like I said to Nancy yesterday?”

Both girls moved quickly at that. Kerry was the more fashionable of the two girls. She wore a crop top that barely gave a hint at her midriff. Just a slight strip of skin showed enticingly between her top and her white jeans. The jeans had some holes in it, and he was able to see Kerry’s fishnet leggings underneath, and a bit of skin there too. He was surprised she would choose to remove her jeans first, but thought maybe she was rationalizing it in her head as better, with the leggings underneath. Not that fishnet leggings covered much.

His sister, Nancy, was much more casual with what she had worn today. She started in a plain, gray pullover sweatshirt, with pockets on the front. She also wore jeans, but hers were light blue. While Kerry had removed her own jeans, Nancy had started with her tops. The sweatshirt was now gone, and her pale yellow tank top soon joined it.

Kerry’s jeans were off, and the next thing to join in was her crop top. After that, she felt the only logical thing to take off was her fishnet leggings. Nancy was done removing all of her outerwear as well, and now the two girls stood there. Neither wanted to make the first move and take off their underwear.

John noticed that the girls were stalling, but knew how to get them moving. “You girls only have 60 seconds left.” Three minutes had probably already passed since his last comment, but he wasn’t planning on making good on his threat. He did have a plan to make it look like he could, in case that's what it would take, but he hoped it wouldn’t come to that. He just wanted the two girls naked for himself, and only for himself, all for his own amusement.

Both girls had worn similar shades of underwear that day, although completely unplanned. Nancy’s bra and panties were more of a dull peach color, while Kerry’s were a shade of pastel pink. It wouldn’t matter much longer, as both girls reached around their backs and unhooked their bras.

The blush on both girls' faces was exactly as he remembered them looking yesterday, as they both let their bras fall from their bodies. He had already watched his sister remove this article of clothing at that time, so paid particular attention to Kerry this time instead.

The girls both hesitated again, now that it was time to take off their panties. John didn't really notice, as he had been taking the time to really study the girls' boobs. His sister's small round breasts went great with her slim figure. Kerry's boobs were much bigger, and tear drop shaped. From the size of her breasts and the curves of her body, John thought she could probably pass for older. 16, maybe even 17. The only thing was that she was on the short side. Around 4 foot 8 or 9 if he had to guess. He knew for sure his sister was 5' 1'' and Kerry was just a little shorter than her.

John eventually noticed that the girls' stripping had come to an abrupt stop. It gave him an idea, however, one that would really drive home who was in charge, to the girls. "Wait girls. Don't take off your panties yet." They both gave him a look of relief, thinking they would get some reprieve, even if momentarily. He went to stand directly in front of his sister, and knelt down. "I'll do it for you!" He yanked her panties down so fast, she hadn't even had time to process what he had said. Nancy yelped, "EEP!" and almost gave a jump in surprise, and then looked down at her brother with wide eyed shock. He just looked back at her with an amused grin.

Now that her panties were out of the way, and down around her ankles, he was able to really study his sister's most treasured secret up close. Her little slit was slim, and she had a tuft of golden brown hair growing just at the top of it. Otherwise the lips of her sex were bare and smooth. It made him wonder, "Do you shave, or has your hair not come in fully yet?"

Nancy turned bright red to get such a question from her own brother. "I trim it some, or it shows when I'm wearing my bikini bottoms." She explained, hoping that was enough for him.

"I know but your lips down here have no hair at all." He pointed, wanting nothing more badly than to just touch it at this moment, but saw his sister cringe about his hand being so close. He contained himself for now.

Nancy shrugged her shoulders, feeling ashamed of herself. She couldn't really explain it, it's just the way her body was. John didn't press further, and instead moved on to Kerry.

Kerry had seen what John had done to Nancy, and had been trying to prepare herself for the same thing. Now that she knew what he was going to do to her, however, the real conflict inside her became whether she could actually let him do it. As John grabbed her panties to pull them down, she took the waistband into her own hands, and held firm, not letting him. It wasn't so much that she wanted to be defiant, she just could not bring herself to let him see her fully again.

"Now Kerry," He said, half scolding, half amused, "You know you have to let me do this. You know what the consequence will be if you don't."

Kerry knew she wouldn't be able to live with herself if that video of her ever got out. It was better to let this one boy, that she had had a pretty trusting relationship with up to this point, see her, than live with the thought of any number of people seeing that video of her. She released her grip on the waistband of her panties.

He removed her panties much slower than when he had done it to his sister. He was relishing the fact that he was removing the final garment of this beautiful, sexy girl. He even went down to a snail's pace once he got to the point where her treasures would be revealed to him again. He wanted this moment to last in his mind for as long as it could.

Kerry could not stop herself from squirming in total humiliation about what was about to happen to her. It was no longer even the fact that he was about to bare her most private of parts, it was the way he was taking delight in doing it. She kept trying to remind herself that he had seen her just yesterday, and quite explicitly, but it wasn't bringing her any solace.

Eventually the band slipped down the protrusion of her butt too much to provide any resistance, and the panties fell freely down to her knees and below. Kerry was now the one bright red, as he started directly between her legs. To her it felt like his face was much closer than when he had done this to his sister, and she could swear she felt his hot breath on her most sensitive area, but she could have just been imagining it.

Now that Kerry was bared down below, he took the time to examine her, just as he had done with his sister. He had seen her the one time yesterday, but now he really wanted to burn the image of her into his memory forever. She had more hair than Nancy. A lot more, in fact. That meant that the lips of her sex were hardly visible. That's the reason he had to hold his face so much closer. Another difference between the girls was that her hair down there was very curly. It was also a very dark color, compared to the almost blonde straight hair she had on her head.

"Do you dye your hair?" He asked, more just out of curiosity.

"No." She blushed down at him, wondering why he would ask such a question.

"It's just that, your hair is so much darker down here."

"Oh." She didn't know how to explain that herself. "It's always been that way."

"Huh. Interesting." He said, smiling up at her.

He stood up after that, and both girls got an eye full of the tenting of his pants. "You girls can sit down and relax now. I know that was hard for you. It was kinda hard for me too." Despite the humiliation they had just been going through, both girls couldn't stop themselves from starting to giggle at that. He looked at them in confusion for a second, before he realized what he had just said. "Oh. Yes. I don't mean it like that though." He started laughing along with them.

The girls went and sat down on the couch, so he went over to sit on the love seat. He wanted to sit closely with the girls so badly, but he knew they needed time to get used to all of this. He just explained what he had meant further. "It is difficult for me too, though. I care about both of you deeply. Nancy, I've known you my whole life, and you're my baby sister. Kerry, I've known you since the first grade. I don't want to do anything that would really hurt you girls. I just want us to have some fun together."

"It's embarrassing, being naked in front of you, though." Nancy explained, blushing as she did.

"I know. I can tell. I don't want you girls to be so embarrassed you don't have fun though."

Kerry spoke up. "What we were going to do to you yesterday. I guess that's what you are doing to us now. I mean, you even let us watch you yesterday. Neither of us were planning to let you watch us."

"Yeah. And I'll let you watch me again today. Later on. First we have to really build up that anticipation." He gave them both a smile. "Is it really so bad being naked in front of me?"

"Yes!" Kerry answered.

"No." Nancy said at the same time. Kerry looked at her friend, a little appalled at her answer. "He's my brother. This isn't the first time he's seen me like this. Neither was yesterday."

"Although it has been a while. I think the last time I saw you, you were still 11, so I would have been 12." John let out a laugh. "I remember, we both had to change into our swimsuits really quickly for some reason. It was a birthday party for your friend. What's her name? We were both shoved into her room together, and mom made us change right there with each other. I remember you getting so embarrassed then too."

"I did?" Nancy remembered the party and even getting changed with him, but not that.

"Yes. You complained that you were a woman now, and it wouldn't be right for me to see you that way anymore. I just changed while you were arguing with mom, so I think you completely missed me." He laughed at that. "Then mom made you strip down and put on your bikini. She said you had nothing to worry about, since you hadn't gotten your boobs or any hair down there yet. I knew you were upset though, so after mom left, I pulled you aside and told you not to worry. I wouldn't mention anything. And I said I thought you were very beautiful. Still do, by the way."

"Oh yeah. I remember that." Nancy thought back, realizing that memory is a funny thing. She had completely blocked out the bad parts, but could still remember her brother making her feel better. Then she registered his compliment, giving him a blushing smile in return.

"And Kerry. You should know I think you are gorgeous." He addressed the other girl next.

"I know. I guess. It's just hard for me to believe that, myself." She cast her eyes downward.

"You're like the ugly duckling, who hasn't realized she's turned into the beautiful swan yet." His words made her heart go pitter-patter.

"Aw, you're just saying that."

"Come on. Just take the compliment. I really truly think you are probably the most beautiful girl I've ever seen naked."

"Nancy and I are the only girls you're seen naked though!" She responded, incredulously.

"That's not true. I've seen plenty." They both looked at him skeptically. "Ok, so not in person like this, but the internet has an infinite variety of nude women to look at. I think you should feel even more flattered, Kerry, because I'd choose you over that infinite every time."

Kerry didn't know what to say to that. She just blushed some more at him, but this time, it was a good, flattered blush.

John let them put on a movie they liked after that, and gave them a chance to relax for a while. He didn't really pay much attention to the movie, mostly keeping his attention on the girls. They had put on a romantic chick flick, so for him, watching the girls was much more interesting than watching the movie. He watched as both girls seemed to huddle closer to one another, almost cuddling, as they got sucked into the plot.

He just drank it all in. The curves of their bodies. The flawlessness of their bare skin. The way their hard little nipples poked out. He became keenly aware of every little movement they made. He couldn't help finding them so cute, and so beautiful, especially when they moved closer together so they were touching. He decided right then and there, that these two girls were such creatures of beauty, that he would do everything in his power to have them naked before him as much as possible.

While the two girls were not paying him any attention, he snuck his phone out of his pocket, and snapped a few photos of them so cutely snuggled up together like that. He was happy he knew how to shut off the shutter noise. He had heard that might be illegal to do, but he didn't care. The clear and bright pictures he had just taken would make great additions to his collection on his computer. One day, when they were ready, he would have to have the two girls pose for him.

Once the credits started rolling, he lowered the volume so that they could talk over the music. "Wow, you two look absolutely adorable." He knew the comment would embarrass them, and set back his own goals, but he just couldn't help himself.

The girls blushed profusely as they separated themselves from each other. "It's kinda chilly, being naked like this." Nancy said, trying to make an excuse. The truth is the girls usually cuddled up with one another when watching a movie, they just normally did it underneath a blanket.

He laughed at that, and moved on. "Ok, so I think my anticipation has built up enough. What do you say girls? Want to watch me?" He wiggled his eyebrows at them.

Out of everything, this is the only thing that the girls had been hoping for. "Yeah, sure." Kerry gave him a gorgeous smile.

"Ok. Make some room for me, and I'll come sit between you." And he did just that, lowering his pants and boxers as he sat down. He was going to make this different than yesterday for the girls. He wasn't going to remove his clothes all the way, and his nudity would only be momentary. Only lasting as long as it took him to get off.

He slowly stroked his hard 5 and a half inch cock up and down, finally enjoying the touch he had been desiring for hours. The girls had automatically moved to be closer to him to watch, and he could feel their bare thighs and knees all touching. He smiled to himself at that. The girls were watching so intently now, and he was on such a hair trigger from being excited for so long, that he knew he needed to go slowly, or he would just pop.

He then realized this might be a perfect opportunity to push the girls a little further. "Would either of you like to touch it?" 

Kerry looked at him in astonishment. "You wouldn't mind?"

"Not at all." He smiled a handsome smile back at her, one that made her stomach flip flop.

"Ok." She tentatively reached out, and slowly wrapped each finger one at a time around his hard shaft. "It's so warm." She commented under her breath. He let out a few groans, so she quickly pulled her hand away. "Are you alright?"

"Yes. I'm fine." He answered. "It just felt so good for you to hold me like that."

"Ohhh." She said, looking happy to hear that.

He turned to his sister. "Do you want to try?"

Nancy nodded her head, and let out a little, "Uh hum." She looked wide eyed, and gave a little gulp and licked her lips, as she took her brother's hard shaft into her hand. She found it hard to believe he was really letting her do this. It felt warm to her too, just like Kerry had said, and somehow hard and soft, both at the same time. She wanted to touch the purple looking head next, so unwrapped her fingers, and used her thumb to touch the bulbous looking part on the back.

He sucked in a little air at the feeling. "That's, uh, gonna set me off if you keep touching there, Nanc."

"Oh, sorry." She pulled her hand away.

"It's ok. It felt amazing!" He smiled at her. He turned back to Kerry, who had just been watching with bated breath. "Would you like to do the honors?"

"What do you mean?" She blushed and turned her eyes downward.

"I want to know if you would like to get me off."

"I'd really like to, but I'm not sure if I know how."

"I'll walk you through it. First grab it with your hand the same way you were holding it before." He explained, and she followed his direction. "Now I'll put my hand on top of yours. This way you can see the pace I like." Holding his hand over hers, he started the up and down movement, letting the looser skin of his shaft roll itself up the head, and back down again. "Yeah, just like I did yesterday." He gave her a cute smile.

"Wow! I can't believe I'm doing this!" She giggled, obviously delighted.

"That's it! Ugh! Keep going! Faster!" He started to moan and groan as the pleasure got to him. “Oh…! Mmmm…! Feels so good…!” Kerry was totally into it now, wanting to bring him to his explosive release.

Nancy just watched on, in complete rapture again. She snuck one of her fingers down to give her needy clit a quick flick, when she thought neither one was paying any attention to her. She was at least able to control herself enough to not go into full blown pleasuring mode of herself.

For the three, the jerk off session had seemed to last an eternity, but in reality Kerry had only been stroking John for about a minute. He had only been exposed for maybe 5 minutes in total. All the anticipation and buildup of having the girls go naked for him had brought him to a simmer, and now he had reached his boiling point, with the gorgeous Kerry touching him. “OHHHH! AHHHH! FU… …uck!” He shouted! He shot load after load, 3, 4, 5, 6, in the most intense and draining orgasm of his life! He thought there might be a chance he would never stop cumming!

He still had his hand on top of Kerry's, and she continued to let him dictate the pace. It seemed to her his release might have lasted even longer than the short build up. But finally he stopped, and relaxed his hand, and slumped back on the couch.

Both girls had watched on in exuberance of course. Neither took their eyes from the boy's privates during the entire process. They were silent observers while it was happening, but once it was done, both girls started letting out squeals of joy.

"Wow! Oh my god! Johnny! That was awesome!" Nancy exclaimed, hugging her brother around his shoulders.

"I know! That was! WOW!" Kerry added. "Did you see how much!?"

"I counted 8, if you include the bit that dribbled out onto your hand." Nancy smiled at her friend.

"Oh!" Kerry blushed, looking down at the back of her hand to see the clearish white liquid.

"Thanks girls. That felt amazing!" He said in total bliss. "So how do you both feel about this now? Was it worth the wait?" He had finally recovered enough to move, and pulled his pants back on.

"Aww." Kerry gave him a little pout. "It was fun, but so short. Why can't you stay naked too?"

He gave her a little chuckle, getting up to grab a box of tissues. Most of his mess had landed in front of him, on the wooden floor. He offered one tissue to Kerry for her hand, before cleaning the rest off the floor himself. "You saw how quickly I got off. If I were naked like you then this would all be over before we hardly began. I want to get used to you girls being naked, that way I don't have such a hair trigger." He explained.

"I guess that does make sense." Nancy commented. "Can we do that again though?"

"Yeah, after dinner." He gave his sister a wide smile. "I need time to recover. Boys are different from girls when it comes to that. Kerry, why don't you call your mom now, and see if it's alright to say for dinner, and overnight too. Then you girls can decide what we should eat. I'll buy."

"Alright." Kerry said, going to retrieve her phone. As embarrassed as she felt about him keeping them naked, she was anticipating finding out what more the night would bring.

