Stripped again! 
Message: My husband recently confessed to having posted a couple of stories describing some of my most embarassing experiences on this site. After reading them, I found myself so turned on that I thought I'd give it a try myself. 

This particular event took palce just last weekend. I was partying at home with my husband Vince, my cousin Christine and my best friend Trish. Once we were all thoroughly wasted, Trish decided that we ought to take one of those late night, drunken strolls around town. 

The four of us staggered around our suburban neighborhood for nearly an hour before arriving at our local playground. Trish had been grabbing my boobs and slapping my ass for most of the trip and it was making me pretty horny! After spying one of those spiral shaped slides on the playground, Christine dared me to slide down head first. Feeling drunk and invincible, I accepted. 

I climbed up the ladder to the top of the slide. Christine followed me up to ensure that I didn't chicken out. I laid out flat on my stomach at the top and started to pull myself forward onto the slide. Arms outstreched in front of me, I began my descent. 

Just as I did, I felt Christine's hands grab the waist of my jeans! Stuck near the top of the slide, I could feel my jeans start to slip down my hips. My thoughts went immediately to the embarrassing knickers I had on that night. Oh God! I loved it! 

Christine was laughing hysterically when I heard her hollar to Trish and Vince. "Help me take Jilly's pants off!" I knew that Trish and my husband would be happy to obey that order. 

Trish and Vince came up to either side of the slide and went to work. Together, they managed to get my jeans undone. I could feel Christine give a good yank and with that, I slid right out of my pants and down the slide. 

I was wearing the silliest little white knickers with red polka-dots all over them! I flew superman-style off the end of the slide, landing ass-up on the ground. All three were laughing uncontrollably. 

I got to my feet and tried to cover my embarrassing underwear with my hands. I was so turned on by my own de-pantsing, I was afraid they might see how wet I was getting! Christine slid down the slide and started chasing me. I had a feeling she might try and take my embarassment further. And I was secretly really glad that she did. 

I ran across the park in my little polka-dot knickers and a white tanktop that provided no coverage for my sweet, round ass. When Christine caught up to me, she grabbed the hem my top with both hands and pulled it over my head. Vince and Trish joined in of course and soon had my shirt and socks off too! 

They had me face down on the grass and I could feel the clasp of my white lacy bra give way to their attacks. I kind of let them take my bra up my arms and then managed to escape for another lttle streak. I ran back across the park in nothing but my knickers, sort of covering my big, bouncing DD tits as I ran. Vince and Trish were in hot pursuit when I felt from behind me, a hand slip inside the waistband of my little knickers. 

With a jerk, Trish hauled my knickers down to my ankels, leaving me totally naked in the park! I kicked my undies off my feet and just kept running for home! I thought I was going to come right there as I ran down our street completely exposed. Fortunately (or unfortunately) it was so late that the streets were nearly dead with the exception of a couple of honking cars. 

I got to the door of our building and it dawned on me that Vince had the keys. So I stood there covering my tits with one arm and my pussy with the other until they arrived behind me. I hope they strip me in public again soon! 


