Fun With A Camel Toe
I have started wearing yoga pants out and about coz they are so comfy! They are made of a soft, stretchy material which hugs my ass and thighs but then flares out over my calves and feet like boot cut jeans a bit. My partner commented the other day that he likes me wearing them coz when I wear a thong they go up my ass at the back and coz they re so fitted they hug my ass cheeks and go right up my ass crack. I thought I'd enhance the effect for him and started pulling them up a bit higher so they went up even more and when we were out shopping the other day he commented that now i wore them so high up they were giving me a really nice camel toe. I looked in the mirror and sure enough my pussy lips were being slightly separated by the tight material and it was actually quite noticeable. We were in the shops at the time, so i merely smiled and told him to enjoy the view and didn't do anything to correct the problem much to his great delight. Whenever i stopped to get something off the shelf he would come up to me and rub his fingers against my pussy, the seam rubbing lightly against my slit and making me gasp a little with pleasure. This reaction thrilled him and he asked me what they would look like with no knickers on underneath. When we got home we had great sex and the next day i decided to give him a treat.

Leaving my knickers off I pulled on my yoga pants and hitched them up high, looking in the mirror to make sure they were having the right effect - i gasped out loud! Without the barrier of the knickers they went right up my ass the whole way and also parted my pussy lips and went right up my slit outlining them fully and making it clear i was naked underneath!! The seam was also rubbing me in all the right places and i couldn't help pulling them up a bit more til they were up as high as possible and my pussy was completely spread apart by the pants and outlined by the material. I was meeting up with my partner at the shops so i hurried to leave the house, wanting to see other guys reactions to my pants too. I wasn't disappointed, as soon as a guy glanced at my crutch his eyes became fixated and i was getting really turned on knowing all these guys could clearly see my pussy. My partner walked up to me and of course he looked at my pussy immediately and his eyes went wide and he said so that's what it would look like. He immediately came right up to me and slid his hand between my thighs, rubbing the side of his hand against my pussy making me shiver with delight and i stood there in the middle of the shopping centre with people walking past on all sides as he rubbed my clit through my pants. I held onto him, rocking against him as he continued to fondle me until i felt like i was about to explode and he suddenly stopped and said ok lets go shopping, i want everyone to see you like this!!

Feeling a little woozy from the stimulation in public and the thought of other people seeing my pussy outlined by my pants, i took his hand and trailled after him through the shopping centre. At times he would raise his hand to his nose, inhale and say, your pussy sure smells good today! After about 10min he mentioned that i had gotten quite wet from his attentions and that i probably had a wet spot on my pants. I gasped and quickly ran into a clothes shop and looked at myself in a mirror, sure enough i had a small darker patch on my crutch which wasnt too visible but could be seen if i was standing in the light. I just shrugged my shoulders and walked out of the shop again. As we walked around looking at stuff he would at intervals stop me and slide his hand between my thighs again, each time almost bringing me to orgasm but stopping just when i took that quick intake of breath before it began. I felt the crutch of my pants getting wetter and wetter as the evening went on, my mind a haze of sexual frustration - i wanted that orgasm so bad i didnt care where we were when he finally relented and gave it to me but i had no idea how sadistic he could be. He waited until i was practically orgasming as soon as his hand went between my thighs and then he suggested we get some dinner.

As if he could read my mind he quickly told me i wasnt allowed to touch myself while we ate. I pouted and sat down with my dinner which i ate unenthusiastically.

Afterwards he took my hand and we again began to walk around, my arousal slightly dulled by the longer interval between stimulations. He began again, tantalising my body by bringing me to the brink again and again, in increasingly crowded areas seemingly oblivious to the attention we were getting....

Eventually I was so horny that I knew the next time he touched me I would orgasm on the spot and I couldn't wait! I no longer cared at all where we were or who saw me, I was just aching for release! The crutch of my pants was so damp that it almost looked like I had peed myself and I saw more than a few people giving it a second look, their eyes lingering when they realized that my lips were spread by my pants and fully outlined.

We walked up near a group of about 15 what I call "emos" all standing around chatting. It was a mix of boys and girls and they were probably an average of 18 or so years old. My bf held my hand tightly in his and pushed his way through them to something I couldn't see. Then he stopped and said I want you to do exactly as i say or i will make sure you don't get any satisfaction tonight. By that stage I was so aroused i would have agreed to just about anything so i quickly nodded my compliance and he turned and gestured behind him. I want you to hitch your pants up as high as they will go so they're right up your crack and i want you to sit on the arm of that chair and ride it til you cum. I looked at where he was pointing and blushed but also felt myself get excited at the same time. He was pointing to one of those massage armchairs they have in shopping centers that massage your back and vibrate and stuff. He also told me he wanted me to sit facing out into the shopping center, not toward the back of the chair.

He sat down in one of the chairs and indicated he wanted me to get in position so i hitched up my pants feeling the seam rub against my clit and then i straddled the arm of the chair and lowered myself onto it so my pussy was right against the leather with one leg on the seat and the other on the floor. He put the coin into my chair and adjusted the settings and I immediately gasped out loud as the whole chair began to vibrate quite powerfully. The group of emos turned to look at me in response to my gasp and I blushed as they all stood and stared at me straddling the arm of the chair while it vibrated beneath me. They began to whisper to each other and my mind was quickly distracted by the vibrations against my clit. Unable to help myself i began to rub my pussy back and forth along the arm, pushing my clit hard against the leather as i did so. It felt incredible! I was now completely oblivious to the crowd gathering around me as i rode the arm of the chair, rubbing myself harder and faster against it as i felt my orgasm come quickly closer and closer. All too soon my body was rocked by waves of powerful sensation as i orgasmed, crying out and slamming my pussy into the arm of the chair, clinging onto it and moaning as my body convulsed in ecstasy. The crowd around me was silent as i jerked and moaned before them, in the obvious throes of an orgasm. It was as if they didn't know how to react to such a public display or pleasure. Eventually as my body calmed i was able to take more notice of the attention i had attracted. Still holding onto the chair, my clit throbbing to the constant vibrations i looked up and smiled at the crowd, who responded by breaking into spontaneous applause. When the chair became still I slowly climbed off the arm and stood up, my pants completely soaked in front with my pussy juices and so far up my slit now that i was sure my throbbing clit was even visible.

I stretched my arms up above my head and turned to my bf  who had a huge grin on his face. He was looking very pleased with himself and said to me I think you might want to dry off the arm of the chair before anyone else uses it! I turned to look and saw a big wet patch where my rubbing had made the leather wet with my cum, but a few of the emo guys in the crowd yelled out No don't we want to smell it after you leave! So my bf said okay we'll leave it. Lets go now. We walked through the crowd who silently parted before us, a few hands reaching out to caress me as i walked past. I even felt one cheeky hand venture to my pussy and slip a quick finger in between my thighs as i briefly paused while a few people moved out of our way.

I let my legs spread apart a little, allowing them better access and they quickly took advantage, sliding them into my pussy and rubbing against my swollen clit, which was protruding from my lips it had gotten so large. I rocked my hips forward as the unknown assailant began to caress my clit, my eyes closing as i enjoyed the pleasant sensation of being touched by a total stranger in a crowd.My bf began to move again, and I felt him tug on my hand but then stop as he realised what was happening. I opened my eyes briefly to see him come back over to my side and he grabbed my shoulders and turned me to give the fingers better access. I sighed and closed my eyes again as he stood behind me, obviously watching the person whose hand was caressing my sweet spot. I leaned my head back against his chest and moaned as my body began to respond more intensely to the stimulation. The fingers increased their speed, seeming to know instinctively where the tip of my clit was and rubbing it hard and fast as i opened my legs wider for them. The crowd had closed in again, eager to see me climax in public again and I could feel my body quickly rising to satisfy them. Making me gasp and then moan louder and deeper than before the unknown person quickly slid their fingers past the waistband of my pants and into my open pussy, the pants pulled down in front exposing my bare cunt to the eager crowd. They slid inside my hole and began to fuck me with their fingers first one but them swiftly two and then three before i felt the fourth finger also slide in as i moaned louder and louder.

So there I was in a busy shopping centre, surrounded by a crowd of avidly watching strangers of all ages and genders, my pants pulled down to expose my bald cunt while a total stranger finger fucked me as i responded eagerly. And I didnt care!!! It felt so good, being so nasty and such a dirty little slut that i actually reached down and used my hands to hold my lips apart so the fingers could plunge deeper into my hole. My bfs response to this was to reach down and pull my pants down a little so they were around the tops of my thighs, my pussy and ass now fully exposed to our audience. I could almost hear the crowd holding their breath as the fingers increased the pace of their insistent pumping. I was flushed and almost screaming now I was so close to cumming. Then it hit me like a bus, my knees almost buckled and i felt my body squirt out jets of cum all over the invading hand as i orgasmed and orgasmed. The crowd took a collective quick intake of breath and then i heard faint mutters from all sides as i screamed and moaned as the fingers continued their insistent fucking of my pussy. My clit was throbbing and my cunt was squeezing the fingers buried deep within it as my body convulsed and jerked. I thrashed around, unable to control my spasms as my bf held me upright. Slowly the feelings grew less intense and my body began to relax slightly. The fingers slowed their pace and as my orgasm subsided they slowly withdrew from inside me and began to rub my clit again. I was still holding my lips apart so my hole and clit were on full display to the crowd and i still didnt care, I was too sexually satisfied and exhausted.

My clit was throbbing and engorged and the fingers felt like silk covered as they were in my pussy juice rubbing away at my clit as I moaned softly. My body was too tired to orgasm again but the feeling on my clit was still sensational. My bf slid my pants further down to my knees and i spread my pussy as wide as i could with my fingers. I gasped as I felt a tongue begin to probe my pussy, licking my cum off my clit and making it throb harder than ever, then the tongue moved down to my hole and began to lick and explore every crevice to the delight of the watching crowd. I couldnt help myself, I moaned louder again and my bf pushed my pants down to my ankles so i could open my legs wide, allowing this impudent stranger full access to my cunt in full view of the still swelling crowd. My body rocked as they plunged their tongue into my hole and tongue fucked me while their fingers continued to rub my clit, making it larger and harder. Before 2 minutes had passed my body convulsed as I was overtaken again by a massive orgasm making me scream out at the top of my lungs. The crowd gasped and then sighed as i again squirted out jets of cum from my cunt, bathing the persons face with it to their delight. It didnt last long but it was so intense my knees buckled and I would have fallen if my bf hadnt held me up again.

The tongue lapped up all my cum and then withdrew from my pussy, leaving me holding my pussy wide open for the crowd to see. I slowly let go of my lips, letting them close slightly and i closed my legs slowly, barely able to move. My bf reacehd down and pulled up my pants til they were again riding right up my ass and pussy, and it wasnt until then that i opened my eyes to see the crowd around me staring wide eyed at me as if almost afraid of what i would do next. I gave them a huge grin and looked around but had no clue whose tongue and fingers had so cheekily invaded me and brought me to such heights of pleasure. When i was steadier on my feet my bf took me by the hand and led me through the still silent crowd and back to the car.

We drove home in silence as i relaxed against my seat, my body tingling all over from the excess of stimulation i had received. When we got home, my bf led me to the front of the car, pulled my pants down to my ankles and bending me over the hood he fucked me hard and fast until we both orgasmed loudly, uncaring of who might see. The cool night air caressed my half naked body as i lay against the hood, too tired to pull my pants up or wipe up the cum dripping from my pussy. I stayed that way for a while before mustering up enough energy to pull up my pants at least a bit and shuffle slowly inside where i fell onto the bed and was asleep almost instantly.

The next morning we discussed what had happened in great detail with my bf refusing to even tell me the gender of my unseen stimulator. One thing we definitely agreed on was what fun it had been and how we really wanted to do it again soon, perhaps with me wearing a short mini skirt with no panties this time.

I cant wait until next time, my body gets wet every time i think about that night and i cant stop myself masturbating just thinking about it. It was awesome!!!
