The company Halloween party. I hated it, but you scored big with the bosses for attending, assuming they even saw you. Three hundred staff were milling around the dim hotel ballroom as music thumped and boomed.
My costume was the same low-effort outfit as last year: vampire teeth and a high-collared cape, hair slicked into a widow's peak. I had just arrived, standing at the edge of the crowd, nodding and yelling pleasantries over the thumping music to coworkers as they passed.
If I could find Rachel from Finance, maybe I could hook up with her again. We shared a scorching one-nighter over a year ago, even though I was nowhere near her league.
Scanning the crowd, it seemed pirates and sexy witch costumes were still popular. Not much imagination in this crowd, but we were an insurance firm after all.
"You're here!" An adorable Tinkerbell smiled up at me. It took a moment to recognize who it was. "Cindy! Hi. Nice to see you."
Her huge eyes gleamed. She pulled me into an unexpected hug, laying her head against my chest. "I'm so happy to see you again, Richard. So happy."
I hugged back, feeling awkward.
Cindy worked in Records, organizing and delivering files. I suspected she had a thing for me: twenty-three people worked in Records, but every time I called down for a file, it was always Cindy who delivered it. Then she lingered like a needy puppy, awkward and shy, trying to make small talk, maybe even trying to flirt.
It was cute. And she was cute: short, with a sunny face splashed with freckles, ginger hair in a short pixie cut, nice boobs and an ass maybe a little large on her short frame from her wide hips. I might have gone for her but for her shyness and the relentless hassling I get from coworkers for dating a mere clerk.
Cindy released me and stood back, beaming.
"Like my costume?" She smiled and spun.
The Tinkerbell dress was vivid green, cut as though made from large leaves. It left her shoulders bare, exposing more freckles that trailed to the top of her boobs straining against the bustier of the dress. Arching behind were tall fairy wings attached at the waist that spread to reveal her bare back.
Cindy was adorable and sexy as hell. She practically glowed.
"You look gorgeous," I smiled. "That's a perfect costume for you, Cindy."
A blush appeared before she hid her face. "Thanks. I hoped you'd like it."
"Haven't seen you at the office for a while," I said, leaning down so she could hear me over the music.
"Oh, I've been around," she said. "Come with me? I really need a drink."
Cute as Cindy was, I wanted to schmooze the crowd, find make sure at least one of the company partners saw me, then leave, preferably with Rachel or one of the other girls I'd been hitting on at the office in tow.
Before I realized it, we were standing at the bar. The bartender fawned over my cute companion but ignored me. I didn't want a drink, anyway—I'd been feeling odd all night. Maybe a tainted hors d'oeuvre?
Cindy ordered two shooters and downed both immediately.
"Whoa, girl. You don't want to get hammered here. If you make a fool of yourself you could be out of a job."
She shrugged. "Liquid courage. Come dance?"
We had been seen together for too long. I didn't want anyone to talk, but Cindy pulled me onto the dance floor before I could refuse. What a surprise—she was sinuous and lively, holding my hands, eyes locked with mine, spinning, swirling, shaking her wings. When a ballad came on, she crushed against me, pulling my hands around her me like we were old lovers.
During the next up-tempo song she turned her back and ground against me. I held her hips, trying not to peer down her top at her lovely boobs. No seemed to be making of fun of us yet, so I busted out some of my own dirty dancing moves. Cindy laughed and danced along. We made a good pair.
What a change from the shy little mouse I knew. She was fun and sexy and I was getting aroused. Cindy must have noticed—she started grinding against my growing hardness. She reached a hand up to run her fingertips across the back of my neck, sending shivers through me.
In a moment I found us in the hall outside the ballroom, against a wall necking and pawing each other like teenagers. Though people walked by, Cindy guided my hand to one warm boob. She held me there, eyes closed and swaying as I massaged her.
"Cindy," I said, enjoying the feel of her, "I'm flattered, but I don't want to lead you on. We can't do this."
She popped open her eyes. "Sure we can. We're doing it right now."
I glanced at the passersby tactfully ignoring our display. I said, "I'm lead actuary for manufacturing and transport and, uh—"
"—and I'm only a clerk, right?"
"Well, yeah. Sorry."
She pulled my hand from her chest. "Richard, you're not really like that. I just know you're not. Everyone else on your floor treats me like garbage. You always talked to me. Joked with me. Put up with me even when I just stood in your door trying..."
I raised an eyebrow "Trying...?"
"Trying to ask you out. Trying not to kiss you. Trying not to jump you!"
She flushed then turned away.
Wow. She really did have a thing for me.
"Hey," I said, "It's okay. I figured you kind of liked me. Never thought it was like that."
She turned, eyes moist. "I want to say something for so long! But I AM just a clerk. And I know I'm not beautiful... like Rachel. Or that intern in Reports you were banging two years ago."
Seeing my expression, she said, "What? Records is gossip central. We know everything that happens in the office down there."
I laughed and gave her a squeeze. "You're attractive too, Cindy. And not stuck up like those two. I shouldn't have ignored you. Should have done something about it. And you're right... what do I care what people think? I like you. Always have. So fuck 'em."
She grinned. "Really? Fuck 'em?"
"Absolutely. Fuck 'em."
We laughed and embraced, then stood for a moment looking at each other in silence.
"Sooo..." I said, "You really wanted to jump me in my office?"
Cindy blushed again. "Worse. Way worse. I wanted to... uh, hide under your desk and blow you while you had a meeting. I wanted you to bend me over your desk and take me like a dog. I wanted... oh, I wanted lots of things."
It was my turn to blush. "Wow, Tink. You're really dirty for a G-rated fairy. Next year wear a Malevolence costume. Or sexy Wicked Witch of the West."
She chuckled and fixed me with a sideways glance. "I'm thinking more dirty things right now. Want to try them?"
I considered. There would be office gossip and other consquences, but I really did like her and with the way she was looking at me how could I say no?
"Your place or mine?" I said.
"No! We can't leave! Uh, I mean, why wait? Let's find a place here. Then we can go." She stood and yanked me towards the foyer.
I followed, shaking my head. Who could have guessed the shy little clerk would be so hot and so eager? It could be the start of something good.
The coatroom was all we could find. Long, narrow, and abandoned, the rows of coats hid us from view and muffled sound. I pressed Cindy face-first against the far wall, massaging both breasts from behind while nipping and kissing the back of her neck.
She sighed with delight and reached back to rake her nails up my neck and back of my head, sending jolts straight to my dick. Soon I was working her panties down her legs to begin toying with her already slick pussy.
"Is this how you wanted me to take you? From behind?"
"Yes. Oh, God, yes..."
I kept playing with her, enjoying how worked up she was getting. When I swiped a fingertip lightly across her swollen clit, Cindy gasped and stiffened, holding my hand firm between her legs. I felt contractions and more wetness. The little hottie had come from only a few moments of being played with.
While she recovered, I loosened my pants and let them fall. I had to fuck her. I needed to fuck her.
Bending her forward, I flipped up the hem of her leafy dress to bare her lovely wide bum, pale and firm. Her pink slit was glistening with readiness. Cindy cooed and wriggled when I rubbed myself along her opening from behind.
She pushed back and gave a small squeak when I popped just past the tight ring of her opening. She felt glorious. Her bare back and neck, flushed from excitement and her submissive position was beyond sexy. The risk of getting caught added to the excitement.
We groaned in unison when I sank into her deeper. She braced against the wall when I grabbed her hips and started working in and out, sliding deeper each time until I was balls deep in her steamy snug passage. Cindy lifted her head and looked back. Her expression of lust and eagerness made my heart lurch.
I started taking her from behind, pulling out before smoothly sinking back in while she braced herself, moaning and panting. She was so short I had to bend my knees low to get the right angle. Cindy helped by tilting her hips and spreading her legs wide, offering herself completely.
After a few strokes, Cindy straightened, dislodging me from her wonderful passage. She turned and wrapped her arms around my neck. "I want to see your face while you fuck me," she breathed. "I miss seeing your face."
She nearly knocked me over when she jumped up, wrapping her legs around my waist and kissing me hard. I grabbed her ass to support her and pushed her back against the coatroom wall. Cindy held one hand behind my neck and used the other to line me up with her opening. She sighed with joy as I pushed all the way in. She felt incredible, and her look of happiness made it even better.
I fucked her hard, jamming her against the wall as she clung and moaned, her legs clamped around me, my hands supporting her under her ass. I couldn't recall ever being so turned on, so eager, so hungry. I didn't really know her, yet felt we shared some connection I wanted to explore.
Later. At the moment my only thought was fucking her, reveling in the sensation of her lush body against mine, the warm slick grip of her tight passage, her delightful gasps and groans of pleasure.
"Slow down," she breathed. "Please... make it last."
I tried. Taking a breath, I stopped hammering her like a rutting teenager and began to take her lovingly; pushing in slow enough to feel every ridge of her passage, every squeeze of my dick. Once fully embedded, I gave her short little thrusts that drew unladylike grunts of passion from her, then pulled out with agonizing slowness only to repeat the process.
Cindy began panting, her eyes alternating between looking deep into mine, looking down to where we joined, then becoming lidded, losing focus as the sensations overtook her, head lolling.
However long we kept at it I couldn't tell. Cindy urged me on as I took her, whispering "fuck me, take me, love me" between animal grunts and joyful gasps, working back against me, trying to force me as deep into her as I could go.
I gritted my teeth and maintained control, fucking the hot little wonder until she froze, looked at me wide-eyed then drew me into her hard as she came. Inside, the steady squeezing sensation and the knowledge I had made her come again sent me exploding into release. I filled her again and again with everything I had, continuing to ram into her, never wanting it to end. Finally I softened and slipped from her, drained and weak.
We found ourselves on the tile of the floor, overcoats above us, laughing and caressing, kissing and embracing, completely taken with our naughtiness, the newness of intimacy after years of being only passing acquaintances.
"I should have dragged you into a coatroom years ago," I said. "That was great. YOU were great."
She stroked my cheek, smiling, still flushed and breathing hard. Then her face turned sad and serious.
"What?" I asked. "I didn't live up to your fantasies?"
Cindy hugged me, but somehow I barely felt it. I shivered, feeling a chill.
"Oh, Richard. It was better than I imagined. So much better. Yes, we should have done it long ago."
"Well, then let's go to my place. Make up for lost time." I kissed her, but my lips felt numb, like I had been at the dentist. Maybe I did get food poisoning from one of the party snacks earlier.
"We can't leave," she said.
"Of course we can. Don't worry. I don't care who sees us leaving together. Fuck 'em... right?"
"No. It's not that." She paused. "Richard, what do you remember about this past year? Since the last Halloween party?"
"What do you mean? It was another ordinary year in boring old insurance. Nothing much changes, right?"
"Do you remember an employee dying on the night of the party last year?"
I tried to recall, but my memories were more feelings than anything vivid. Maybe there was something...
"Uh, I think I remember something about that. Why? Wasn't anyone I knew or I would have heard. There are so many people in our building."
Cindy squeezed my arm, but there was numbness and cold. Maybe I did pick up food poisoning from one of the party snacks earlier.
"Richard, there's a reason you don't remember seeing me much this past year." She was looking at me strangely. Sad.
I felt odd. Sick. Cindy lay beside me but when I focused on her, it seemed like she was far away.
"Oh," I laughed. "This is a ghost story, right? For Halloween? Let me guess: it was you who died. And now you've come back from the beyond to fuck your dream guy. Not very original, Cindy. Plenty of movies are like that. Though one thing is never got in those films was how anyone could fuck a ghost."
Cindy pursed her lips. "There are ways."
She seemed even further away, and I felt queasy. Yep, food poisoning for sure. I'd sue the hotel. I'd sue the firm.
"Richard," she said, "I didn't come back. You did."
I laughed even as my vision swam and a cold sickness washed through me.
"Okay, sure," I snorted. "Somehow I died and just never noticed. The firm must be delighted I'm such a good 'spirit', working hard all year... despite the minor handicap of, you know, being dead."
Cindy looked at me gravely. "Do you really remember the past year?"
"Of course! It wasn't very exciting, but we had the... there was the... oh, and that time when..." Fog. Nothing from last year was clear, yet I recalled events from years before perfectly.
"Last year," Cindy said, "I was here. Waiting in this costume. I picked it out just for you. I was determined to tell you how I felt. Like I finally did tonight." She turned her head and suppressed a sob before turning back. "You never showed. On Monday they emailed everyone saying you died. Collision with some drunk driver on your way here."
"That's really morbid, Cindy. And this isn't funny anymore. Stop."
"I couldn't stand it," she said. "Years fantasizing about you, only to lose you just when I worked up some courage? It wasn't fair! It wasn't right. So I did something. Something I shouldn't have."
"What?" I said, still feeling ill but not buying a word of it. "You cloned me, or turned me into a zombie, or made me into a brain in a jar or something?"
"My family is strong in, uh... certain arts. It's in our blood going back centuries. I don't practice much anymore, but my sisters do. It took all three of us to do it, but sometimes you can recall a soul. Just once, for a few hours. Make them mostly corporeal, but to only one person if their will is strong. You must have noticed no one else saw you tonight."
I thought back to everyone passing me in the ballroom, the bartender, people in the hall—no one actually spoke to me, or even nodded at me in recognition. It didn't think anything of it, but she was right: it was like I wasn't there.
Cindy continued: "The spell probably only worked because you died on Halloween when the spirit world is so close. That helps a lot. And because I was so determined. I had to see you again, Richard. I just had to!"
She looked at me with anguish. "It was selfish to not let you rest. I'm sorry. And there will be hell to pay... literally."
It wasn't possible. She was putting me on. But something rang true. All night I felt strange—like that grimy, disjointed weariness you get when you've been away from home too long. I couldn't even recall how I got to the party.
Cindy seemed even further away now, and I felt fuzzy, sick and confused.
She was sobbing. "I'm sorry, Richard. But it was worth it. So worth it. I finally got to have you. I finally got to tell you."
Somehow she grabbed me and kissed me hard. I sure felt that: blazing hot, full of lust, full of love, and full of regret from what might have been—if I hadn't worried what people thought, if she had found courage earlier, if we both had simply followed our hearts.
I tried hugging her back, tried telling her it was okay, tried telling her how much I...
But she was gone. And I was gone. Forever.