She Had No Clue
by mseaking©


Part 1

Charley and I were sitting in the shade of the new deck he had built off of his 
up stairs bedroom having a beer. We could here my wife Terry and his Betty 
talking as they walked out onto the deck above. We had been friends with the 
other couple for at least ten years and enjoyed our weekend card games very 
much.

"Charley come out here!" Betty called him.

He got up giving me the, oh fuck now what look, and walked over to look up at 
Betty. He quickly looked back at me then back up at what I thought was just his 
wife standing there. I got up taking my beer and walked over to stand next to 
him. I was going to give Betty hell for bugging us in our pre game strategy 
meeting.

When I looked up I almost choked! I was looking strait up my Terry's dress to 
see her blue thong pulled up into her hairless slit! I could see her closely 
shaved lips and how the little landing strip I of hair I liked her to keep was 
shaped through her shear panties! She turned her back to us showing us her ass 
and standing with her legs slightly open we could see how her thong went between 
her cheeks and then came out the top!

She stepped away and I quickly looked at Betty leaning on the rail! I could see 
up the leg of her shorts and even though we could not see her openly exposed 
like we had seen Terry I could see the crotch of her white panties and when she 
turned to talk to Terry I got a nice shot of her ass!

She moved away and Charley and I just looked at each other! Neither of us new 
what to say so we just played it off like it never happened and went on with the 
night. But now I watched him and he almost could not keep his eyes off of 
Terry's legs if she got up from our game to get something.

I can not remember the last time I was so turned on! I didn't know if it was 
because he saw her and she didn't know or if it was because I had seen Betty's 
sweet ass!

I started playing with Terry on the way home touching her legs and by the time 
we got there she had her seat laid back with he skirt pulled up and I was 
fingering the hell out of her under the thin strip of cloth that was her panty 
crotch! We pulled into the driveway and I turned my full attention to her pussy. 
She came in the driveway the first time humping my hand hard!

"OH GOD YES RUBB IT SAM OHHHHHHHHHYESSSSSS!" she hissed at me as she came!

I got out of the truck and went to her side to open the door for her. There in 
the soft light from the dome light she pulled off her panties giving them to me 
to hold before she pulled my cock out of my shorts. She sucked it deep into her 
mouth and sucked then licking just the tip she looked me in the eyes! I cupped 
her tits through her top and bra. I ran my hands and over to the opening in her 
top pulling the buttons loose and slipping her tits out of her bra! The clasp 
came loose from the hook letting her breast fall free! I pulled on her nipples 
as I watched Terry slip her hand back into her own pussy fingering her self as I 
started to cum!

"Ho Terry I'm cuming!"

She pulled back jacking me off onto her tits with one hand as she pumped her 
other hand into the hole in her wet pussy! The cum flew out of the tip of my 
dick going all over her tits and nipples!

"OHHHHHHH YESSSSSSsss!" I growled as I came! I took my dick in my hand and 
pumped it my self as Terry positioned her fingers in her cunt with one hand and 
rubbed her clit with the other! 

She humped up on her hand cumming again, "AAAAaaaaaagaggguugllaaaaaooohhhhmmm!"

She leaned back on her elbows catching her breath looking at my dick as it grew soft.

"Oh Sam what brought that on?"

I took her hand and pulled her to her feet kissing her hard then holding her in 
a tight hug but not answering her. Terry moved away from and started to pull her 
blouse closed over her bare breasts but I took her hand and stopped her. She 
looked around and seeing no one on the dark street just left it open as we held 
hands as we went to the house. Her big breasts exposed to any one looking!

"You didn't answer me Sam. Was it because you and Charley were looking up my 
dress when Betty and I were up on the deck?"

"You knew?"

"I didn't think of it at first but when you came out and looked up I saw the 
look on your face and then I knew. I am sorry I didn't mean to you know!"

"I know, I know! God I am still all worked up come here!"

Terry moved to me and I turned her around, "Bend over Terry!"

She bent over and I pushed my dick up into her still wet pussy and started 
slowly fucking her. Not rushing just feeling her insides stretch as I pushed in 
then pulled out.

She leaned her hands on the hall table as I slowly fucked her, "Umm that's nice 
Sam. It did turn you on didn't it?"

"Oh yes baby it did! I know it was an accident but fuck it made me hot!"

I pushed deep into her holding her by the hips almost lifting her off the floor 
as I ground into her wet pussy. I could feel the opening to her womb as I pushed 
and she caught her breath, them breathed out.

"Did you see Betty to?"

"Yes but not like Charley saw you! Your thong was up your slit and we could see 
your lips on both sides! Then when you turned to move away we could see your 
lips and bare ass!"

In all the years we had been married I had never been able to fuck her to climax 
with out some help and I could feel her fingers as she pulled on her clit. She 
was breathing deeper and starting to push back!

"You really liked that he saw MM., um, me? Ho God I am close Sam go slow make it 
last! Tell me!"

"Yes Terry I liked it! Oh fuck yes! I liked it!"

She started to shake as she came! I could feel her fingers flying over her clit 
and as the muscles in her vagina flexed around my dick I came deep in her 
pulling tight as my balls slapped her hand!

Our grunts mixing "GUUUUUUUGGGGggaaaaaa oooommm!" from me, "unngunnn unngggg oh 
Sammy oh yes baby so slow and easy! I fell it coming in me hooo!"

Terry stood that way as my dick softened then turned kissing me softly, holding 
my face in her hands then she leaned back looking me in the eye, "You haven't 
fucked me like that in a long time. Come on lets wash up and go to bed. I want 
to talk to you."

I was lying in bed waiting for her when she walked in wearing nothing but a 
smile. She lay next to me kissing me before she put her head on my chest.

She spoke softly as she began to talk to me about what had happened. "I have 
liked to let people look up my dress for a long time Sam. I have let my skirt 
fly up in the wind or bent over wrong flashing my ass in the store a lot of 
times and every time I have had to finger my self to get over it! This afternoon 
after you and Charley looked up at me I went to the bath room and did it to my 
self!"

She grew quit as her finger played with the hair on my chest then raised up 
looking at me, "AREN'T YOU GOING TO SAY ANYTHING SAM!"

"Do you want to fuck other guy's to?"

"No! I want to fuck you and only you, but it turns me on terribly to show off 
like that!"

I ran my hand over her soft back and down to cup her ass. I let my fingers dip 
into her ass crack and then moved it softly back up her back as I though how to 
say what I was thinking.

"Ok Terry, I have to go to into the office in the morning. When I get home if 
you want to be dressed how ever you want. We will go to the park. I want to take 
a pitcher of that knew garden they have put in down there. Is that ok with you?"

She raised up and kissed me softly, "I will make you proud of me, you will see!" 
She snuggled up to me and was a sleep in minutes.

Part 2

I came home from the office to find the ice chest along with a picnic basket 
waiting for me on the porch. I picked it up and put it all in the truck and 
turned to see her standing on the porch. I all most came in my pants, as I 
looked ad the lovely lady that was my wife!

She had on a white blouse that was tucked into white skirt. The skirt was loose 
and full of folds. It was cut to just above the knee and held in place by a 
black belt. She had on black three inch heals to match her belt and not black 
but gray hose! Standing in the shade I could see right through the thin material 
of her blouse to a lace bra that let the color of her nipples show through! She 
had on no slip so as she moved it was easy to see the out line of her pantyhose 
covered legs in the slightly thicker material of her loose skirt! The over all 
effect was I was seeing a whole lot with out seeing anything!

"Is this ok Sam?"

"Oh fuck yes! It is perfect! You look perfect!"

I walked her to the truck and opened the door for her. When she climbed up her 
dress opened all the way up to her hip exposing her whole leg and nylon covered 
thigh! I knew if the wend blew or she moved wrong at all she would be showing 
every thing to any one looking.

She didn't pull her dress over her leg leaving it for me to see, smiling at me 
as she watched my eyes looking for me to react!

"Umm, yes!" was all I said before kissing her on the cheek.

I got in and as we drove away she spoke to me, "Charley and Betty are going to 
meet us for lunch. I hope you don't mind. I told Betty about us Sam!" She took 
my hand in hers. "She said that dumb Ass Charley was to stupid to notice but she 
would wear something sexy to!"

I just shook my head; "Well it's ok, that dress won't let any one see any thing 
unless you want them to Terry! Fuck I love it, I love this and I love you!"

Terry is hot at five foot nine with 36Cs and long dark hair. But Betty is just 
as hot in the opposite way. She is about five foot three with small tits, umm, I 
would say 36As but her legs ran all the way to her throat! I was looking forward 
to seeing what she would have on. 

I pulled into a spot next to Charles truck and watched as he jumped up and ran 
over to us. I grabbed the ice chest and basket as he went to open the door for 
Terry! I watched as his eyes went to her exposed leg and as she slipped out 
sticking her long bare leg out her dress pulled tight over her other leg! I 
could not see for sure but I knew he had to have seen her pussy! Her dress fell 
down and closed around her legs. Show over!

Terry kissed him lightly on the cheek, "Hay buddy, thanks!" she acted like she 
didn't know! 

We all three walked up to Betty sitting in the grass. She stood up to help Terry 
spread out our blanket and again I got a shock! She had on a green dress that 
went to the ground. The sun was shining right through it showing me her legs! 
She didn't need a bra but in all the years we had known her this was the first 
time I had seen her with out one and her dark nipples were hard and plainly 
there to be seen!

We ate and every once in a while Terry would let her leg slip out from her dress 
and Betty would move to let me see her tits or up her dress as she bunched it up 
to move. Betty had been right about Charley who was lost wanting to go fishing. 
He grabbed his stuff and was gone as soon as we finished. I went to the truck to 
get my camera and came back to find Terry leaning back on her elbows with her 
legs crossed out in front of her. Her tits were pushed up and I could plainly 
see her nipples! I pulled out my camera.

"Don't move baby!" I snapped off a couple of photos and she pulled up one leg 
letting her dress open all the way up fully exposing it up to her pussy! I moved 
changing angles, click! I looked at Betty as Terry sat up moving her dress over 
her other leg exposing them both all the way up! She only had on pantyhose and 
she lifted one leg bending her knee in the sun! Click!

"Do you want to take some of me?" I looked at Betty to see she had pulled her 
dress up over her legs and had crossed them. Click! Her next pose let me get a 
good look at her panty covered pussy and I felt my self grow in my pants!

"Come over here close to me baby." Terry pulled Betty over to her. I could see 
her eyes had fire in them as she looked around the park to see if any one was 
looking at them. The two girls kept showing me their legs in all different poses 
Terry opened her blouse and not to be out dune so did Betty! The two girls posed 
with their tits exposed to me and there dress hiked up until I was out of film!

Charley came back with out any fish and both girls went back to normal. Terry 
looked at me with a look of, "Is it ok?" I just smiled at her and she moved to 
the ice chest and back letting her dress open up showing Charley her leg. She 
covered her self but lifted her leg bending her knee and kept her foot on the 
ground. This move opened her dress so that the under side of her thigh was fully 
exposed letting both Charley and Betty see all the way under to her pussy! 
Charley could not take his eyes off of her and I watched a bulge grew in his 
pants.

"I think we need to go Terry it is getting late and I have some work to do for 
to marrow."

"Sure baby. Let me load things up!' 

She moved around getting thing ready letting her dress open as it would! At one 
point she knelt on it and moved so that it pulled across her ass showing her 
whole bottom to him! I carried the things to the truck and with Betty standing 
by me, to get into her car of course, watched as Terry climbed in again letting 
him look into her dress and at her pussy!

I turned to open the door to there truck and watched as Betty pulled her dress 
up high on her thighs! She was letting me see her panty crotch as she climbed 
in. She ran her hand over my hard dick as she leaned out and kissed me on the 
cheek. By the time Charley had went around to get in her dress was right where 
it should be.

Betty looked past me at Terry; "This was very. VERY fun we will have to do it 
again soon! Ok Terry?"

Terry smiled knowing what she meant; "Yes I am sure we will!"

Terry lifted her dress over her legs and I watched as she pulled her pantyhose 
off! She unbuttoned her top and pulled her bra off through the armhole that she 
was totally necked under her cloths!

"Sam baby! I can't wait to get home! Please finger me! Please help me right 
now!"

"Wait just a little longer honey and I will help you!"

I drove off and as we got onto the freeway I pulled her dress open. I pulled up 
next to a truck and as we got even with it I pushed her hand into her pussy! She 
looked at me smiling as she began to finger her self with the trucker honking 
his horn and hollering out the window!

It only took a few strokes of her hand and she came as she pushed her fingers 
deep into her self, screaming into the wind from the open window!

"AAAAAAAAAAAAYESSSSSSSSSS!"

She moved over and keeping her ass in the air with her dress pulled open so the 
trucker could see her open wet pussy pulled my dick out of the leg of my shorts 
and sucked me hard! I came letting her swallow rope after rope of my cum! She 
raised up looking at me smiling as cum dripped from the corner of her mouth and 
onto her cloth-covered tit!

"I think we need to invite Betty over this week don't you Sam?"

But that is a whole other story!



 