Fun in the Shower
by Jenna ©

The year I turned eighteen I had a crush on the quarterback of our high 
school football team. One day I was out running when I saw John was on the 
field practicing. Up till now John hadn't noticed I existed but I was 
determined to change that. 

As I headed in a plan came to me. The girls shower's were broken and if I 
could arrange a way for John to find me in the boy's shower's I was sure 
to get his attention so I went looking for the coach to try and get 
permission. The coach at our high-school was new and since he was young I 
thought I could talk him into bending a few rules for me. At first he 
refused as I knew he would but I was highly motivated to change his mind. 
I lied and said that all the guys had already left for the day and nobody 
would catch me. I finally wore him down and he agreed but only if we kept 
it a secret as he didn't want to get in trouble. I agreed and headed for 
the showers.

I had to hurry as on my way in I caught sight of John packing up and knew 
he'd soon be headed my way. Once in the locker room I started to strip 
leaving a trail of clothing leading to the showers. Naked I turned on the 
water and began to wash. I was soon rewarded with the sound of the main 
door banging shut. I knew my fantasies were about to come true so I closed 
my eye's and began to soap my firm breasts. My nipples hardened as I 
stroked my hands around them teasing myself. This went on for a minute or 
two and I was getting unbelievably turned on. I slowly began to run my 
hands down my stomach heading for my wet cunt when I opened my eye's and 
was surprised to see John standing at the doorway. He was standing their 
naked just staring at my hot body. I ran my eye's hungrily over his hard 
body and decided that since his huge cock was standing straight up it was 
fair to say John had finally noticed me.

"Care to join me," I asked in a husky voice. I was salivating at the sight 
of his hard dick.

"Aren"t you a hot little thing," he replied as he began to pull on the 
head of his pile-driver. "What's your name?" he asked as he entered the 
showers the rest of the way.

"Jenna," I whispered.

"Well Jenna, I think I have just what your looking for. Is this what you 
need?" He was now shaking his hot dick at me and I couldn't wait to taste 
that prime piece of tube-steak.

I sank to my knees before him. He was still a couple of feet away from me 
and I began to crawl towards his rock hard cock. At the sight of my hard 
body crawling towards him his eye's blazed into mine and his dick began to 
twitch. I knew it was turning him on to see me on my knees desperate to 
taste his meat.

I slowly looked up his body till our eye's met and ran my tongue along my 
lips silently telling him how much I wanted to taste his cum. I then 
turned my attention to his cock. I began by running my nails up his hard 
thighs. I raised my head till his balls were before my mouth and held 
still just letting him feel my hot breath caressing him. When I couldn't 
stand this any more I began to flick my tongue of his sacks tasting his 
sweat. I lightly began to suck his balls till I heard him suck in his 
breath and moan. I knew it was time to move on so I began to flick my 
tongue up the underside of his dick till I reached the head and could 
taste his pre-cum oozing out the head. With one hand I started to fondle 
his balls while I took his dick into my mouth. I would take as much of his 
dick into my mouth as I could fit and began to suck and fuck him with my 
mouth. I knew he wasn't going to last long this first time so I wasn't 
surprised when I felt his balls start to tighten and his dick begin to 
blast off in my mouth.

"Come on Jenna swallow it all." he yelled as I did just that.

When I sat back and looked up at him he had a dazed and slightly unfocused 
look on his face. Finally he looked down at me and smiled.

"Well Jenna I guess you deserve something special for being such a good 
cocksucker," he said. John then sank to his knees and pushed me back to 
the floor. He spread my legs and lowered his mouth to my dripping pussy. 
Sucking on John's cock had gotten me so horny that just the sight of him 
their between my thighs almost made me cum.

With his tongue he began to part my pussy lips and lightly touched my clit 
causing my hips to buck up off the floor. He shoved one finger up my tight 
hole and began to suck my clit into his mouth. As he fucked me with his 
finger and sucked on my clit I grabbed my tit's and began to twist my hard 
nibs. I began to shake and I opened my eye's to look at John when I 
noticed the coach Mr. Steward standing at the door. The shocking thing was 
he was naked.

"Is this a game three can play?" he asked. John lifted his head and smiled 
at Mr. Steward. He then dropped his head and returned to sucking me with 
renewed vigor. Coach waked over to us and dropped to his knees beside me. 
He leaned over to kiss me and shoved his tongue down my throat. I was 
going crazy and knew I was never going to forget this day as long as I 
lived. At this point I couldn't hold back any longer as the most intense 
orgasm I had ever felt ripped through my body spraying John in pussy 
juice. John looked up at me showing me his incredibly wet face and then 
dove back down for some more.

Mr. Steward moved in behind John and reached between his legs to find his 
cock rock hard again. As he stroked John's cock he knelt behind him and 
slowly began to insert his dick into John's ass. John stopped eating my 
pussy and I waited to see what he'd do. His face was tight with the 
intense pleasure and pain he must have been feeling. When Mr. Stewart was 
all the way up John's ass he held still while he jacked on John's 
throbbing meat. After a minute he began to slowly pull out and then shove 
his hard cock back up John's tight ass. Finally John went back to sucking 
my clit and this time the orgasm came faster.

Now I wanted to be fucked. Watching Mr. Stewart fuck John's ass made my 
pussy ache for a hard cock and I wanted it now. 

"Fuck me," I begged. "Please someone fuck me."

"I'll fuck you," John said. "I'll fuck you like you've never been fucked 
before."

Mr. Stewart pulled his dick out of John's ass so he could climb between my 
spread thighs. He began to kiss me and grind his hips into my dripping 
snatch setting my blood to boil. Suddenly he rolled over taking me with 
him so that I was now on top and lifted my hips enough so he could settle 
my pussy over the broad head of his pole. John took a deep breath and 
drove my hips toward him impaling me on his cock. He felt so good 
stretching my pussy to the limits that I began to rotate my hips. I had 
forgotten that Mr. Stewart was even there when John grabbed my arms and 
pulled me forward over his chest.

Mr. Stewart," he said as his cock made short jabs into my pussy, "do you 
see anything you like?" John then spread his legs wide causing my legs to 
spread even more. Leaning over John like I was spread my ass wide open and 
ground my clit into John's pubic bone. I moaned in delight but when Mr. 
Stewart knelt between our legs and began to lubricate my virgin ass I 
became scared.

"No," I pleaded. "I've never done this before."

"A virgin," Mr. Stewart groaned as he began to probe my hole with his 
finger. It hurt and every time his finger entered my hole my hips moved 
forward trying to escape. This caused my clit to grind even harder into 
John and my pussy would spasm.

"You better hurry, If this keeps up I won't last long." John moaned.

Mr. Stewart then replaced his finger with his dick. He spread my ass 
cheeks as far apart as he could and worked the head past the tight band of 
my asshole. I screamed but Mr. Stewart just held still with only the head 
lodged into my back passage.

"Work it in Jenna," he demanded. "We don't stop till you've taken it all. 
I want to feel myself buried inside."

I began to move a little at a time. It still hurt but not as much as 
before and my clit was getting quite a work out. I was getting more and 
more turned on by the thought of taking two dicks at once. Finally I felt 
his stomach against my ass and knew he was all the way inside. I was so 
full I was terrified of moving too fast and ripping open. I just lay their 
holding my breath wondering what to do next when the men took over. Mr. 
Stewart would pull out of my ass while John drove into my hungry pussy, 
then when John pulled out Mr. Stewart would drive that pole inside. I 
don't know how long this went on but soon I couldn't hold back any longer.

"I'm cumming." I sobbed. John moaned and buried his cock up my spasming 
pussy as far as it would go and began to blast my womb with his cum. Mr. 
Stewart was fucking my ass hard when he growled and emptied his balls deep 
in my bowels. We all collapsed in a heap breathing hard. Finally Mr. 
Stewart turned to me and said, "You can use the boys shower room any time 
you want as long as I'm invited." I plan on doing just that. 

 
