This Bikini Is So Tiny I Feel Nude
by KissedMany

Young girl is new to bikinis and new to sex on the beach.

This is the first time I'll be going to a beach wearing a bikini. Jeez, I feel so exposed wearing it even in the dorm room with my roommate Kelly. It's almost like being nude. Just the super private areas are covered. There is so much cleavage and the top pushes my breasts up, so they are almost spilling over the cup. My mom would never allow it. But now that I'm away at university in Florida, I can be an adult and do what I want.

My roommate Kelly is so laid back about all this. She's the one who made me buy a very skimpy bikini. I wanted one that covered a whole lot more. She girl-shamed me into this one. When I got home and tried it on, I almost died when I saw my bum in the mirror. The cheeks were completely nude with just a thin strip of cloth down my crack. Jeez.

When I tried on the bikini with my full pubic bush intact, Kelly couldn't stop laughing. The hair was spilling out the sides of the crotch and you could see a dark outline of my bush through the light pink material. Kelly got me to shave my pubic hair totally off. In the mirror I could see what Kelly calls my camel-toe notch in the crotch of my bikini bottom. I was worried about how slutty that looked but Kelly just laughed again.

She said, "My god, Meagan, the guys are going to be drooling all over you. It's totally cool. You have girl power, baby." I didn't feel like I had girl power, but I couldn't back down.

Let me tell you a bit about myself. I'm a twenty-year-old freshman. People have said I'm pretty. I stand five foot seven. I'm on a sports scholarship. My body is toned with measurements of 34 C, 24, 36. I know it's a B cup because I was measured by the bikini sales lady. I was surprised since I was a B cup just a short time ago. I guess my body is getting more mature. I've noticed my hips have filled out a bit too. Men are looking at me a lot more here in Florida.

I'm an A student and my studies along with sports has left me little time for boys. Of course, I'm not a virgin. But truthfully, I have very little sexual experience and I'm shy around guys. Maybe I will find my first boyfriend here at university.

Kelly and I are taking a short bus trip to the beach. I've got shorts and a tank top over my bikini. My towels and sunscreen are in my beach bag.

The beach

Kelly knows this area since she grew up in the city. We are walking on the sand to where there's a bunch of young folks beside a beach volleyball court. She throws down her beach bag and strips off her over garments. I look around nervously and slowly strip down to my bikini. When I stand up straight and look around, it seems that all the men are eying my body. I feel like I just walked nude into the boy's locker room. My cheeks are burning in a big blush. It's not my imagination, they are looking at me. I feel a huge urge to cover my breasts and crotch with my hands but resist it. I turn around and men over there are looking my way too. Then I remember my bare ass-cheeks exposed back to the first guys. I close my eyes and count to ten as my mom taught me to cool down. When I open them again, I take a deep breath, spread my towel on the sand beside Kelly's and lay down on my front to sunbathe beside her.

Soon, she says, "Let's turn over, we've baked enough on that side. We don't want to burn."

I had dreaded this moment, exposing my almost nude front to the world. Slowly, I roll onto my back with my knees modestly locked together.

A man's voice above us says, "Hi Kelly, great to see you out here again. How's it going?"

Even wearing sunglasses, I need to squint because the brilliant sun is behind him.

Kelly replies, "Everything is chill Kent. How's life in lifeguard land? Spot any sharks lately?"

He shots back, "No, just looking for hot babes like you that need rescuing. I'm great at mouth-to-mouth."

Kelly keeps going, "Ha, very funny. Does that line work for you?"

"Worked on you last summer. Or did I use another line? Let me see?"

The sun goes exactly behind his head, blocking it and I can now see his body is ripped. His small Speedo swimsuit shows off the big package inside.

"Hey, Kelly, why not introduce me to your girlfriend. I won't bite and maybe she'll need saving some day."

"Liar, you do bite. Left teeth marks on my boob for a week. This is Meagan. We're rooming together at the university dorm. My family's apartment was just too crazy for me to study. Meagan, say hello to Kent, a helpful friend but just a friend."

I reach up to shake his outstretched hand and say, "Nice to meet you Kent." I inwardly cringe at how lame that sounded. I sure wish I was cool like Kelly. He has on sunglasses but by the angle of his head he's definitely checking out my body. I feel so exposed, so nude. When his eyes focus on my crotch, it takes all my willpower not to cover it with my hands.

Kelly says, "Kent, you know the scene here. If you know any nice guys that like beach volleyball, send them over. And I mean nice guys, not druggies or muscle-builder creeps."

He replies, "Okay, doll, two great guys coming up. And I guess that means a blow job is out of the question." Kelly and Kent break out into gales of laughter at that. My goodness, Florida folks are a lot raunchier than back home in Maine. Kent walks away.

When he was out of hearing range, I turn to Kelly and say, "I'm not looking for a guy, Kelly. I just wanted to get out and take a break from my studies."

She says, "Girl, you've been here for almost a month and you haven't gotten laid. Sweetie, I'm afraid if I don't help get you some, you may get so horny that you'll turn lesbian in the night and attack me. Plus this in my BFF duty."

Soon, two young men come over and the taller one says, "I hear you two beautiful girls would like to play a little beach volleyball. My names, Chad and this is my buddy, Mike."

Kelly gets quickly to her feet and says cheerily, "We'd love to play." I get up beside her. "And this is my dorm room mate, Meagan, from snowy Maine."

Mike says, "Hell, we're going to university here too and grew up in Ohio." They are both good-looking guys with athletic builds.

Chad says, "Bring your towels and shit over to where ours is next to the court. They'll be safe there."

We have a great time playing volleyball in the soft sandy court. Chad and I made a great team. My bikini top slipped once, and I think Chad saw my nipple but I readjusted it real quick. It's hard to be modest when you are jumping and diving for balls with a skimpy bikini on. He's a nice guy with a good sense of humor.

When we finished playing Chad says, "Why don't we take a quick dip in the ocean and cool off."

I reply, "Great idea." and start running for the ocean yelling, "Last one in is a rotten egg."

He easily races by me and I catch up in water thigh deep. Chad takes my hand and we walk out to deeper water. The ocean is calm and warm. When we are up to our chests, Chad stops, wraps his strong arms around me and holds me in a perfect embrace. He is such a great guy that I surrender and melt into his body. Our lips meet in a sweet kiss. His hands go to my bottom and massage the cheeks. His waist is against mine and I can feel his hard erection there. Should I be a prude and take his hand away from my bum? I've just met him. No, this is just adult fun. No biggie. Whoops, his hand is going up towards my breast.

I say, "Chad, let's go in. I'm getting a bit chilled. Is that okay?"

A big smile comes over his handsome face and he says, "Sure, Meagan. Let's go in and see what our friends are up to." We walk hand in hand. "Meagan, I really like you. I hope we can spend some time together."

My heart leaps, "Yes, Chad, I'd love that."

We see Kelly and Mike at a table on a patio bar and join them.

Kelly shouts, "Hi guys. Let's have a drink together. Florida, what a state!"

AS Chad and I reach the table, Mike stands up and says, "Chad, why don't we go to the bar and get the girls a drink." He looks at me and says, "I know Kelly wants a margarita. How about you?"

I say, "Sure, I'll have a margarita too. Thanks Mike."

When the guys are far enough away Kelly leans a bit my way and asks, "What do you think of the guys?"

I say truthfully, "They are amazing. Chad and I are getting on great. How about you and Mike?"

"We are getting on just fine. See that row of cabana over there by the palm trees for changing your swimsuit? I took Mike over there and gave him a blow job."

I put my hand over my mouth in shock and say, "You didn't!"

"You're bloody right I did. Let me tell you the facts of life here in sunny Florida. Great hunks like Mike and Chad are chased by girls. They are a real catch. If you want to spend time with him and get to know him better as in a real relationship, you had better be putting out or some other girl will. It's the simple truth. These young, virile hunks have sex on their minds all the time."

My mind is in a tizzy as she speaks. Could I really do that? I only did oral once and I wasn't any good at it.

"Gee Kelly, I don't know."

"Well, my dear BFF, I'm just giving you the straight goods. Mike is over there now telling Chad about me sucking his dick and Chad is going to be wanting some of that."

Wow, this has taken me completely off guard. In Maine, at our high school, we got to know a boy before we did anything. But I guess here, things move fast. Here they come back. They are two great looking guys.

Chad places a frosty margarita in front of me, sits down and says, "Here's to us volleyball champs." Kelly and Mike boo and hiss as we laugh and toast our success on the court. We chat for a while and have another couple of drinks as my mind is racing about what Kelly said. The more I'm with Chad, the more I think he would be a great guy to be with. But would he think I'm a total slut if we went to the cabana for sex? And I'd be so embarrassed that Mike would know exactly what I'd be doing over there with his buddy.

Chad pulls his chair close to mine and puts his hand on my bare thigh. I know he wants me to go over to the cabana. The sun is going down and in the dusk I notice that nobody has used any of the row of cabanas lately. People wouldn't see me going in with him.

None of my friends back home would believe I could do something like this. But as I talk with Chad, he is such the full deal, intelligent, confident, masculine with a sweet dense of humor. Fuck it. I don't want to lose him. I'll take Kelly's advice and do it.

I lean towards him and whisper, "Why don't we go for a walk?"

He smiles and says, "Sure, good idea."

We stand and Chad says, "Meagan and I are going for a walk. Don't give away our chairs."

Kelly smiles up at me knowingly. Mike stares at my crotch with a shit-ass grin on his handsome face.

We walk hand in hand to the cabana which from the outside looks like a ten by ten canvas tent. Chad knows we are going here for sex. He opens the canvas door and zips it closed after I follow him in. It is semi-dark and he flips a switch and a LED lamp gives us more light. I get the sense that he knows this place. Chad takes my breath away when he turns and holds me tightly to his body.

He growls in my ear, "Sitting beside you in your hot bikini was making me so fucking horny."

I wrap my arms around him as he takes a handful of my ass in each hand. The feeling of skin-on-skin, his hands on my bare bum is incredible. I'm glad I bought the bikini with a thong. He kisses my neck and the loud sound of his deep breathing in my ear shows how passionate he's become. A surge of adrenaline hits me with a feeling of danger mixed with lust as he massages my ass deeply.

In a deep voice he says, "Watching your sweet ass when we played volleyball had me so bloody horny too. Oh yes, it feels so fucking sweet."

His passion sets me thinking. Should I hold his ass? I've never done anything like that. That would be so naughty. Of course, I should. Wow, his ass is so hard, so strong. My goodness, my pussy just gave a big throb.

His hand goes to my breast in my bikini top. Instinctively as I've always done with men on first dates, I cover his hand to stop him. I instantly know that's a mistake and take my hand away letting him know he is in control. He looks down and opens the front clasp between the cups and the top falls away. His eyes have an intense, lusty look as he stares at my bare breasts.

"Nice tits, Meagan. I've been horny for those too." He cups them in both hands. "Oh yes, they are so sweet."

The shock of his strong hands on my chest turns to pleasure as he kneads them and rolls my nipples between his fingers. My pussy is starting to vibrate and I can feel it moisten with his erotic touching. I moan and hope it wasn't so loud our friends could hear.

He says firmly, "Take off your bottoms. I want to see your pussy."

My mind swims. That seems too far. "Gee Chad, I ..."

He continues firmly, "I said, take off the bottoms."

Guess he means business. I put my fingers in the sides and strip the cloth down my legs and off.

He stares at my crotch and grabs his package in his Speedo.

He seems to have a hold on me that he can ask me anything. Oh, sweet Mary, he's running his hand down my bum and under to my vagina. How embarrassing, he's feeling the wet lips of my pussy.

"I like that you are turned on Meagan. That's perfect. Are you on the pill? I shake my head no. "Okay then, we'll have to wait for that. Why don't you just give me some oral.

He confidently strips off his swimsuit off and his stiff erection comes into view. I'm is a reverie looking at it until his hand pressing down on my shoulder signals me to go to my knees in the sand. His entire crotch is shaved clean. I've never been in a lit room so close to a penis. All my experiences have been is dimly lit bedrooms at parties and once in a car at night. He is circumcised and his penis is much bigger than any of the boys I've been with. His ball-sack hangs very low. I reach up and grasp the shaft and rise on my knees, so my head is waist-high.

I a husky voice he says, "That's right, baby. Suck my cock."

My pussy throbs and I'm amazed that his sexy talk is turning me on.

I wrap my lips around the head.

"Oh, fuck, that feels so fucking good."

His hips shift forward and the underside of his manhood slides over my tongue. He withdraws and slides in again. And again. And again.

"Just lick my dick, Meagan. Just lick it."

I run my tongue from the base to the head. I lick the shaft all around as he pants above me. Looking up, I see his lust filled eyes staring down at me. He breaks into a big grin and I look down shyly. His gaze was simply too intense.

"Okay, I'm going to tell you exactly what to do. Hold my balls in one hand, hold my cock in the other and stroke it you wrap your pretty lips around the head of my cock. I'm going to cum and I might cum on your face, your chest or in your mouth. I'll decide that in the moment. Is that all clear?"

I nod yes, and Chad moans and grunts as I pleasure his manhood. Soon, he grips my head and my mouth is filled with his semen. My head is locked by his hands to his erection, so I must swallow the slightly salty liquid.

We stand and we hug in the nude before dressing and joining our friends.

I hope Chad calls me. Going on the pill will be a must and before then during the waiting period, we could always use condoms. When I get back to the dorm, I'll have to take a shower and get off on the shower head like I did a couple of nights ago. It was a great orgasm. Now, I have a great fantasy to get me off.
