The Resort Ambassador
by ReaderMan

Brandy's Office (Chapter 19.4)

Monday Part 4 – Brandy’s Office

Images of Raul helping a depressed Travis walk out the side door to get some fresh air blasted through my brain as I leaped up the stairs two at a time. Brandy was going to fix this or I was going to derail the whole fucking project. It was enough that they were messing with my life, but I would not tolerate them hurting my people. That was way out of line and I wasn’t going to allow it.

I heard the stairwell door close a couple of levels up and I quickly closed the distance and charged out onto the main office floor of the third floor. The room smelled of cigarette smoke. I looked around and it was mostly guys in suits. It reminded me of the show Mad Men. As I walked into the office male heads swiveled my way like a cascading waterfall. Was my shirt that much of an eye-catcher? Trying to ignore them I walked up to a fit-looking blonde man with a serious set of horn-rimmed eyeglasses. “Do you know where Brandy’s office is?”

His eyes danced around my shirt, his mouth hanging open as if he was about to speak but had decided to wait and draw out the moment a bit longer. Or perhaps he was confused about the question. Or maybe he didn’t know who Brandy was? No, I suddenly realized that he was just taken aback by my see-through shirt. “Brandy,” I said again, shaking him from his stupor.

He pointed to the second office on the left.

I quickly walked to her office, aware that everyone was watching me. Blondie surely had a good view of my ass. I wasn’t looking forward to visiting this particular floor as a mailgirl, but just thinking about being here without my shirt on almost made me blush. But not quite, I was still upset about Travis and determined to fix it as I pushed her door open, charging right in.

Brandy was bent over digging something out of her bag. Looking around the room, I was stunned. The room had a wild assortment of odd-looking things on the walls. Ropes, collars, masks, and other strange things – likely sexual fetish gear.

“What’s all this stuff?” I asked, my eyes going wide.

“Like you don’t know? The whole island knows that you play with leashes and collars in your off time, Nine,” she said, emphasizing that last word to drive home her point – that I was a naked mailgirl and that I should know about such things.

Again she irritated me. “I don’t know what most of this crap is. Like what’s this for instance?” I gestured at a spiderweb of leather harnesses and such.

Brandy stood up fully and walked towards me with a grin. “You, my dear, have already done this. Naked – pulling a rickshaw – as a ponygirl. That is a proper harness for those into the fetish, those that are not quite as hardcore as yourself – I mean. As it offers at least a tiny bit of cover for the beautiful mount.”

I scowled looking at the perverted stuff.

She continued. “Here is the harness and a bit that goes into your mouth. The leather loincloth covers only your slit. Best of all, your arms get pulled back emphasizing your breasts. These little twisters – they cover your nipples. And these are the clamps that attach to a rickshaw, thus freeing you from the burden of having to hold on with your hands, which reduces the risk of you accidentally dropping the handles.”

“Yes. It does reduce the risk to the passengers. If the girl trips, she falls on her face, the weight of the rickshaw would grind her face into the pavement, killing or maiming her for life. Effectively using the girl’s face as brake pads to the ground, ensuring a smooth easy stop for the passengers. That’s so sexy!”

“A proper rickshaw has slide-stands below the bars. They would do the grinding and the girl’s face would be just fine as the harness would keep her face up off the ground.”

“Then her knees would be skinned to shit. Scaring and potentially hobbling her for life.”

“My dear. Proper ponygirls do trip-training on day one and learn to keep their legs stiff if they trip. The only thing that gets skinned, if they know what they are doing, is the tips of their running shoes.”

“They get to wear running shoes?”

“Of course they do! Most ponygirls love their running shoes. You should know that.”

Again she was trying to make it like I was a perfect candidate. I’d had enough of this stupid conversation. “You know why I’m here,” I said, scowling at her.

“Grab a seat with me here,” she offered.

Impatient to start, I took the seat and she sat across from me. “I want Travis back. This project isn’t supposed to endanger the other teams. I want you to fix it and leave the teams alone.”

Brandy held up her hands. “Believe me, I had no idea this was going to happen,” she said, empathetically. “Sarah is new to this just as we all are. I guess she got caught up in it. But we did put pressure on her about the mailgirl name rule… I guess.”

“I don’t care, I want this fixed,” I said as seriously as I could. She needed to know the gravity of this and that I wasn’t planning on backing down.

“Look… I don’t have that much power over Sarah in terms of her team. That’s her domain. They are her devs and she can fire them as she sees fit, unfortunately.”

“What about HR? Surely they can do something about an unfair dismissal.”

“Ruth kind of gutted HR recently when they didn’t approve of this mailgirl testing. We have HR, but only mailgirl supportive people now. Sarah has seniority. I don’t think that would work, and besides… you had to push Sarah with that attitude near the end. What was that provocation with the demerits?”

I looked at her incredulously. “Are you trying to say I caused this?”

“Well… no, not exactly.”

My fury was growing. “I wasn’t planning on testing demerits until AFTER we added them to the app. Punishing the ‘mailgirl app tester’ BEFORE that functionality is ready is just plain abusive. And certainly NOT what I signed up for. You really had Sarah’s back there didn’t you?”

Brandy looked at me with her big sympathetic eyes. It was probably all for show.

I glared at her. “Regardless, you stepped in and defined the demerits. I’m not pushing back on that. And I want you to likewise, work with me on this issue. I want Travis back and all the devs immune from all this mailgirl crap.”

“You mean you don’t want them to participate?”

“No, I mean, I don’t want them to worry about their jobs if they mess up this mailgirl stuff. It’s the first day for Christ’s sake!”

“I understand that. But you can’t just demand stuff. You are a mailgirl. You have to do as you are told and accept stuff. Emi… the contract.”

I decided right then and there to derail the project. That was it. But I needed to be smart about it. My eyes might have telegraphed what I was thinking, but I didn’t care as I continued to think. Maybe I could leak my own nudes, less revealing ones, and at least take the apartment. I had a large settlement with Mr. Woo and maybe Su-Ning might cover some of this. Yes, maybe I could weaken the money threat. But what would my personal and professional life be like with my images circulating? That would be horrific. I didn’t want to think about that but it was hard not to. Could I really do it? And what might Wang do? She retaliates hard for seemingly small things, what might she do if I try to pull out of what was an epic deal for the whole island? That was the real problem. Seeing that Brandy was watching me closely I decided to press my luck. “You are making a big mistake,” I said flatly.

“I can see that. It’s written all over your face. Fine, I’ll talk with Sarah but it will cost you a spanking.”

I couldn’t believe this woman. I tried to suppress my anger. “Brandy, like it or not, you are bound by contract the same as I am. If I decide that I can withstand the penalties then you have nothing. I could derail the whole fucking project.”

“Woah… look at you! All fired up. Like a hot pepper. I bet you’d love to spank ME right now.”

Taken aback, I looked at her sideways. “Ahh… no. I don’t think so.” The woman was always able to surprise or throw me off. It was uncanny.

Brandy took me in with those big piercing eyes – as if she was trying to read me. “I don’t believe you,” she said, looking confident.

“Can you help me or not?”

“Emi, what you are asking is WAY beyond what a yellow card can handle. We are talking way outside of our comfort zones here. Are you SURE you want this? Keep in mind I’m only offering to ‘try’ I’m not guaranteeing any success whatsoever.”

I hesitated. She sounded like she wanted to extract a huge price from me. “I’m starting to tire of these cheap bartering tricks. I’ve held up my side. Show me some goodwill here.”

Brandy played with a brown curl dangling down over her cheek. “Honestly I don’t think you could handle my price. It’s too soon.”

“Try me,” I said, apprehensively. At least I wanted to know what it was.

“Okay, well… just remember. It was YOU that wanted to get all weird and go outside of our comfort zones here. Do you understand what I am saying?”

I shook my head. “No. Can you stop beating around the bush?”

Brandy stood up and smiled, as if my comment had some deeper meaning.

I looked at her, waiting. What was she waiting for?

“Spanking… I have a little thing for spankings,” She said, turning, patting her butt a little as she looked over at the wall of kinky stuff – as if she didn’t want me to look into her eyes at that moment.

“Oh my god, you’re crazy!” I couldn’t believe this woman. “You want me to spank you?” I asked, my mouth hanging open in shock.

“That’s not what I was suggesting,” Brandy said, getting up and walking over to me. She bent over very close to me and looked me in the eyes, uncomfortably close. Unable to match her gaze, I turned my head away, and froze, stunned, as I felt her gently lay across my lap.

“Waah… what the hell are you doing?” I was ready to shove her off.

She tried to wiggle her ass a little. Her thin black leather tights were shiny with her feet dangling in the air and her hands on the floor.

I was shocked. Was this kinky little monster really asking me to spank her? Will the world never cease to surprise me? I had never spanked anyone before but I’d seen children in the park being spanked by a parent. And this brat certainly deserved it. But I wasn’t a violent person so I moved my hands to her side so I could push her off me.

Brandy turned her head, trying to look at me. “I’m not sorry for waking you up so early this morning and making you strip naked at Cloud Nine.”

Oh my God. She had a lot of gall saying that.

“I’m not sorry for having Jill lock your collar. That must have been embarrassing, your barista of all people, and then I leashed you and paraded you across the street naked. Again, not regretting any of that.”

I knew what she was trying to do. It wasn’t going to work, but I was annoyed.

“I’m not sorry for exposing your sexy bare body all the way down Main Street on the back of my bike. I wonder how many people saw you. You probably loved it!”

Now she was definitely getting on my nerves.

“I’m not sorry for kissing you, or having you wear that see-through shirt, or having Sarah distribute mats – all over the building. You remember the mats right? Do you also recall the required pose on those mats? I’m not sorry for having you open your legs so far, so everyone can see – everything.” She grunted that last word as she adjusted her position on my lap.

That ass was playing with fire. It wiggled once more. I took a deep breath and clenched my hand briefly.

“I’m not sorry for the walkies, the showers, or even… turning you into… the world’s first real life mailgirl. Because deep down you know it’s your destiny!”

Suddenly I wanted this. “Hard or super hard?” I growled. Her head was pointed down, but I knew she was grinning.

“I’ve got a hard ass, so… extra super hard please!”

I pummeled her ass as fast as I could until my hand stung, which was just a few seconds.

“How was that?” I yelled, letting out all my frustrations after ten or so swats. It did feel good despite the pain in my hand.

“That was splendid! Can you rub my tushie now?”

I shoved her off my lap unceremoniously, and she tumbled to the floor awkwardly.

“Hey… that was uncool,” she complained, as she rolled over to a crawl position. Her hair a mop over her face.

“So… that’s it? Travis?”

Brandy stood up slowly, rubbing her butt. She parted her hair revealing a satisfied smile. “Travis what?”

I was confused. “What?.. You said…”

“What I said was, ‘that’s not what I was suggesting’,” Brandy corrected.

“But the spanking?”

“It was very good, thank you. Call me silly, but it’s my policy to never turn down – a free spanking.”

“So that was all for nothing?”

“Of course not silly. It was almost as good for you as it was for me. You really needed to let out some steam. You can thank me now or thank me later.”

My eyes narrowed with frustration. “How about never!”

“Whatever. Did you want another whack at it?” she asked, turning and patting her rear end.

“Brandy, this is important. Please take this seriously.”

Brandy took a deep breath and let out a long sigh of defeat. “Okay, where were we. Oh yes, you were asking the impossible and I was trying to calm you down.”

I didn’t feel calmer. “Brandy…”

“Okay okay… the price. Uhh… could we perhaps reverse what we just did? Can I spank you now?”

I felt disgust roll across my face.

“Oh come on, you just spanked me. It’s only fair!”

“What? No… way…”

“Or… ahh… okay, then would you be open to resolving say ten demerits as a little friendly spank by someone?”

Shocked at the suggestion, I could only shake my head.

“A person of your choosing perhaps?”

“Is this all you have? I won’t agree to anything like that!”

“I’m just asking… I mean, Travis…”

“How about asking for something different?”

“Fine… if this is embarrassing for you, I could take care of it quietly in my office for you…”

I couldn’t believe this woman.

“Or… not right away. Perhaps you could save it for later?”

I didn’t know if I was going to cry or scream.

“Look, just calm down. We can work something out. I don’t think it’s asking too much to spice up the demerits a little… with you getting to choose Ben each time for ten playful swats, is it?”

I turned and walked towards the door.

Brandy rushed to me. “Alright, Emi… I’m going to give you a break on this one. Since it’s your first day and all. But you owe me one!”

“No… you owe ME one,” I said firmly. “Do you have any idea what I went through this morning? Oh, wait, yes you do. Because you just reminded me how you orchestrated the whole thing!”

“Hey… I resent that tone. This morning was experimental and I was totally helping to improve the process. I added the towel to the shower and told everyone not to tell you how to shower. Plus I told everyone to leave when you were on your knees, with your legs spread. Plus I bought the pastries and even gave you a ride and helped keep your identity hidden with some photographic evidence and a voice modulator. I mean, you would need more than one hand to count all the favors I gave you this morning.”

I didn’t waver.

Brandy sighed. “Have a seat, I’ll go talk with Sarah and see what I can do. Again, don’t hold your breath.”

I slumped in the chair as she left. Thinking about how she’d tricked me into spanking her. I should have used a belt. Looking up at the wall I saw a world of possibilities I had missed. But then, knowing Brandy, I might have dodged her larger trap as she seemed to be relentlessly trying to pull me deeper into her kinky little world.

After twenty agonizing minutes, Brandy returned. She came into the office and closed it carefully, turning around slowly as if to gauge my mood.

“Well?”

“So there is some good news… ahh… potentially.”

My heart leaped. Travis might have a chance. I sat up eagerly.

“So Sarah has a couple of conditions… but you are not going to like them. She also admitted that she didn’t handle that first session very well. She apologized.”

I doubted she actually had. Brandy was likely making that up. “So? What does she want?”

“She wants you to give up your name at work, for the duration of the project. Everyone has to call you Nine from now on in this building.”

I was stunned, outraged and I started to speak but then, I slowly realized that this could be beneficial. It would help me keep my anonymity – but I wasn’t going to show that I liked the idea and continued to scowl disapprovingly.

“She said that going back and forth with names was going to be too confusing and too hard to maintain, and too difficult for the guys. She said if you can agree to that, she might let Travis stay.”

“Might?”

“Well, she has another condition.”

I shook my head in agony. “What… what else does she want?” The suspense was killing me.

“She wants a bonus walkie, today before she will agree to all this. She wants to leave in a half-hour.”

What the hell? In anger, I looked over at the painting on the wall of an Asian slave girl being pulled naked along with a leash – by a woman? I shook my head at the image and looked back at Brandy. “That’s asking way too much!”

She shook her head and held her arms up in confusion. “To be honest, I think you got lucky. You should be grateful. I think Sarah was feeling a bit guilty about pushing so hard today.”

“Well gosh – darn, I’ll just go and give her a big fat thank you kiss.”

“If you are going to kiss anyone, I would appreciate some consideration over here,” Brandy said, pointing to her left cheek. But then she slowly dragged her finger over her lips.

Was she actually flirting with me? Again I was stunned at the balls this woman had. Travis was worth it, but would it ever end? I agonized over the details. Sarah was likely going to get a walkie eventually. This was just earlier than expected. Hopefully just along the beach, towards the resort ideally, where there were fewer people. I wondered how many people were outside now. I wasn’t ready for nudity outside. Sighing, I finally looked up at Brandy. “I’ll agree to those items only if you both sign an agreement that none of my teams will be adversely affected by this project moving forward. I need a safe environment for everyone or this isn’t going to work,” I said, disgusted with myself for compromising. But if I was going to do this, I was going to get as much as I could in return.

Brandy smiled. “Nice… okay, I’ll run that by her.”

Sarah apparently agreed and a few minutes later I was in front of Becca and the girls, letting Becca read the modified agreement before I signed it.

Depressed, and scheduled for a ‘walk’ with Sarah in the next twenty minutes, I wasn’t feeling great. I watched as Becca went through the details.

“So now you lost your name? What’s next, your hair?” Becca asked.

I didn’t know what to say to that.

Sam perked up. “Her hair? Oh… you mean on her HEAD.”

Hannah laughed but then tried to hide her smile with her face. “Sorry, Emi.”

“And you have to go on three walks today? That’s terrible,” Becca added.

“Aren’t you one of the terrible three?” Sam asked.

“Yes… but that doesn’t really count. I’m planning to go easy on her. What have you two been doing for the last while?” Becca asked Sam and Hannah.

“Hannah and I have been doing some research on Brandy. We found something interesting,” Sam said.

I interrupted them. “Look, guys… I’m stressing about this walk with Sarah. I’m going to get some fresh air and build up my nerve, if possible.”

Becca patted me on the back. “Good luck, kiddo,” she said with a warm supportive smile. “But I honestly don’t know how you are going to do this… I mean, back in Hawaii, you couldn’t even wear a swimsuit to a business meeting on the beach.”

“You could pay me all the money in the world, and I still wouldn’t walk naked down Main Street,” Sam quipped.

“You think she will make me walk naked down Main Street?” I asked, involuntarily bringing my hand up to cover my mouth as I stumbled back a step. It was my worst fear.

Hannah stood up angrily. “You guys are terrible at offering support. Come on Emi, I’ll go with you.” She scowled at Sam and Becca as she led me away.

“I was about to say that she’s come a long way!” Becca shouted after us, as we left the room and entered the hallway.

I stopped by the door leading outside and Hannah put her hand on my shoulder.

“Wait here, I’ll grab your things,” she said as she jogged over to my running shoes and from there over to the whiteboard for the collar and leash.

Oh, right, I needed that stupid collar just to walk outside. When she returned I looked at her suspiciously as I slipped on my shoes. “Why did you bring the leash?”

“I just took it without thinking. Here I’ll just put it in my hip bag.”

I was about to go for a dreaded walk with Sarah and trying to unwind my nerves and here Hannah was, playing games. “Look Hannah… maybe I’ll go alone.”

She touched my arm. “Emi, give me some credit. I just want to have a chat with you,” she said as I raised my chin so that she could slip on the collar. It was strange – I’d done that automatically. I slipped on the running shoes and she held the door for me and we stepped outside. The humid air was warm and a gentle breeze teased the hem of my shirt. I stopped to look around as I pulled down my sunglasses.

Hannah noticed my hesitation. “There is nobody close enough to take in your beauty. Let’s go out towards the water,” she encouraged.

I nodded as we moved towards the walkway. I was torn between my fear of the upcoming walk with Sarah and the invigorating wind on my barely-there shirt. The movement was tickling my skin everywhere, causing goosebumps.

The walkway had a few pedestrians on it. After crossing it we stepped onto the sand. Up ahead a couple was sitting on towels, under a beach umbrella, facing the water. Hannah was walking in their direction, which made sense as that was the only part of the beach without lots of people nearby. I followed her as the wind gently pulled at my shirt, reminding me of my barely covered body. Despite the knot in my gut about Sarah, it felt good to be outside and the danger of my shirt lifting added an extra edge that tingled my insides.

We passed the couple. They were both eating from a platter of fruit. The woman was wearing a one-piece suit that didn’t cover her ass at all. Somehow that made me feel better as we passed them and approached the wet hard-packed sand along the shoreline.

Hannah looked out to the sea. “I used to be tormented with fears and second-guessing. I was pretty much a mess when Becca and I first met.”

“That’s surprising. You are one of the most confident people I have ever known. It seems like nothing bothers you.”

“Lot’s of things bother me. I don’t like what’s happening to you.”

“You could have fooled me.”

Hannah kept her eyes out across the water, glancing to the clouds and sea as if she were studying the details. “I used to admire Becca for how she looks at life.”

I faced her and she looked back at me. Did Hannah also admire Becca?

“Yes, we all do.” She said, answering the unspoken question. “She is quite the leader sometimes. But she has a weakness. We have an agreement. She surrenders herself to me sometimes. She trusts me.”

This was surprising news. It certainly explained the role-playing, but those antics seemed very sexual. “Ahh… are you two involved?” I asked before realizing what I was asking.

“What? No… haha… I wish!”

I smiled at her blunt answer.

“She can be an adrenaline junkie. It’s her weakness. Apparently, things got a little too wild for her in college and well. Now she tries to keep it under control.”

I glanced at the scattered clouds, but the sun was beating down and I was beginning to feel it on my neck and arms.

“Becca and I are both very positive people. She more than I, that’s why she can do incredible things. She doesn’t get bogged down with self-doubts or too much worry. When presented with a challenge she spends a lot of mental effort looking for the silver lining and pulling out the hidden gold nuggets.”

I could guess where this was going. “Are you about to tell me about my silver linings? My gold nuggets?”

“No… the opposite actually. You turned out to be a lot more bold and brave than I had expected. I’m worried that soon you will really get into this and become an adrenaline junkie like Becca used to be.”

“I’m not brave. As you know, this is out of my control.”

“But you’re handling it with grace.”

“Really. That’s how it looks?”

“Well, I can see that you are concerned sometimes. But for the most part, you do amazingly well – I mean, mentoring all those guys while completely naked. I could never do that. I would melt under their constant looks of lust and grab one of them and… oh wait, sorry.”

She obviously meant Ben. I smiled. “It wasn’t really like that. I’ve been attracted to him for some time. So you like guys?”

She looked at me in surprise. “I don’t discriminate based on gender. Do you also like girls?”

I was taken aback. “Ahh… well… not like that, no,” I said, trying to not sound offensive. Hannah’s shoulders slumped a little. Was she disappointed? “But ahh… I was kind of wondering. Does Sam discriminate?”

Hannah peered at me closely. “As far as I know it’s just boys and not very often. I’ve only seen her on a few dates. Did something happen?”

“What? No…” I had to say something as she was watching me closely. “I mean, she’s hard to read.”

Hannah laughed. “Like I told you when you first joined. She’s an alien.”

I looked at my watch. “Oh God, it’s almost time.”

“You still have five minutes. You can cower or face this head on.”

“Wait what? You just told me that you were worried about my boldness.”

“I am, but you also can’t cower. Do you want me to help you?”

I looked out to sea to hide my stress. “How?”

“Surrender to me.”

I spun around to face her. “Whaa… you mean… like Becca? How would that help?”

“When you dive into freezing water, it’s a huge shock to your system. With Sarah it’s going to be a lot worse… dragged naked outside on a leash on your collar while everyone watches… and then out on the street. It will be traumatic. Let me help. Then you will be ready and the shock will be much less. Like playing in cold water after lots of splashing.”

“Nice try, Hannah… you…” I stopped. Her face was quivering. She was tearing up. “What is it?” I asked in horror.

“Sarah will destroy you. Let me help… I beg you. You have to know I’m right.”

“So humiliate myself before she can? Is that it?”

“A toe dip in the water,” she said, sniffling her nose with an arm. “It will help a lot. You will be stronger. We are out of time. Give me your shirt.”

“But…” Surrender? I was pondering her words as I grasped the hem of my shirt. Would this really make it easier, dull the shock? Feeling light headed, I was lifting my shirt off. I handed it to her, a shiver running through me as the cloth left my fingertips.

She folded it neatly and put it under her arm as she reached into her purse for the leash.

Oh right, the leash too… I felt the heat of that couple’s eyes burning into me from the side. I didn’t have the courage to see if they were watching me. I lifted my chin and let her attach the leash to my collar, in broad daylight, wearing nothing more than a pair of sunglasses and runners.

She walked towards the water. And I turned to face her as she dug out something from her bag. It was a spray bottle. Sunscreen.

“I don’t like spray sunscreen. I heard it’s not healthy.”

Hannah put it back and pulled out another bottle. “Turn around, I’ll do your back,” she said taking the leash in her teeth as she gobbed me with a blob of sunscreen on my back, before tapping me on the shoulder with the bottle. “Take it, do your front. We’ve got to hurry.”

Glancing at the couple I saw that they were enjoying the view. Their eyes were riveted on me. I couldn’t believe this. Leashed and rubbing myself, giving them a full-frontal while they enjoyed a beach picnic with fruit. Despite my irritation, my cheeks were flushing as I rubbed over my nipples and down my stomach, and between my legs. I didn’t feel any stubble. Had Liz been playing games? I peeked up and they were french kissing while still taking glances at me. This was so surreal that I couldn’t believe how casually this was all happening. “That’s not my back Hannah!”

“Horry app, ee ha hu go,” she said with a leash muffled voice, but not stopping as she continued down my legs.

“I can do my legs!” I yelled, bending over to rub sunscreen into my ankles. Feeling a hot breath on my… I suddenly realized my mistake and stood up quickly and turned around.

She also stood up, blushing. I awkwardly handed her the bottle and she put it in her bag and took the leash out of her mouth. She giggled, nodding up the beach.

I turned to see the couple were making out quite heavily now. They were no longer looking at me.

“I think you started a fire in them. How reckless Emi.”

“Let’s go,” I said, glad that they weren’t looking at me. It was time to head back. I felt the collar pulling as I walked quickly up the beach.

“Wait for me!” Hannah yelled after me.

I was practically dragging her through the sand when my collar suddenly popped off and fell on the sand just as we were walking past the couple. They were sprawled out on their blanket, but both looked up as I bent over a few feet away from them. We all took in each other and I was suddenly blushing again. “Sorry!”

I was paralyzed, stunned, while still half bent over to pick up my collar, with the three of us unable to move as Hannah reached over and took the collar with a leash still attached from my hands. She put it back around my neck, clicking it shut.

“This is why the lock is important,” she admonished. “Come now, let’s go Nine.” I felt a little slap on my ass, waking me up.

We were off running towards the building. The coast was clear all the way to the door. I couldn’t believe my luck. I poked my head inside, Hannah still holding my shirt and leash.

Sarah glanced my way as she was walking down the hallway. “There you are, Nine. Get Sam and meet me with her outside the front of the building.” She veered right and headed to her desk.

I closed the door, panicking. Wondering if Sarah had seen my naked shoulder. “Ah… Sarah wants me to get Sam and meet her outside,” I said frantically as I unclipped the leash and snatched the shirt from her.

“Sam? Outside? For your walkies? What’s going on?”

“I guess I’m about to find out,” I said, as I pulled the shirt on, snatched the leash from her hands, opened the door and ran inside.

Sam was slouched over her laptop, scratching her chin in thought.

“Sam! Ahh…”

She held up one finger as she clicked on a link and scanned down the page.

Looking over, I saw Sarah pickup her hip bag and head for the door, glancing at me briefly.

“Sam… look can you come with…”

She held her finger up again… but then relented. “Hey Emi, what’s up?”

“Ahh… I’ll tell you outside. Just come with me.”

“Sure?” She said, looking around oddly. She closed her laptop and left it there, following me outside.

Sam looked around. “I can’t believe you are actually going to do this, Nine.”

I looked at her wondering if she would keep calling me Nine. Would she rebel and call me Emi? I needed to make sure that didn’t happen. “I can’t believe it too. I’m actually quite scared.”

“Oh right, you went for a walk to prepare for your naked walk down what… Main Street no doubt,” Sam quipped. “Did Hannah at least cheer you up? Or did she leash you up?”

“Kind of both actually,” I said, looking down at the leash in my hand.

Sam laughed. “That’s Hannah alright.” She paused, looking at me seriously. “You really are worried aren’t you. What… you want me to tag along? Make sure the bitch doesn’t get out of line?”

“I would appreciate it… if you could,” I said, diplomatically. “She wants me to meet her out front.” We continued to walk towards the parking lot just outside of the building.

“You got it.”

“And ahh… I’m not the only one that wants you to come along.” Up ahead Sarah was standing by the front, her arms folded. She looked to be waiting patiently.

Sam glanced at me, suspicious confusion in her eyes.

“Sarah actually asked me to bring you along, Sam.”

Sam scowled. “What?”

“I swear, I have NO IDEA what she wants. But I do know that I would certainly feel better if you were there. So I appreciate you coming.”

Sam grunted. “Just the sight of that scheming bitch annoys me.”

We walked up to Sarah and she motioned me over to her. She was waving a key.

I walked up to her and looked her straight in the eye. Sam was watching, I needed to be strong.

Sarah walked behind me and put her hands on my collar. I felt a click as she locked it. “Clip your leash on Nine, and pass it to me.”

Reluctantly I complied and she led me, now fully leashed, past the rickshaws. Thankfully I still had the shirt on.

Sam didn’t follow. Instead she climbed aboard one of the rickshaws and leaned back with her hands behind her head.

Sarah stopped and looked at Sam with an annoyed expression.

Sam didn’t seem to notice, as she was looking at the clouds in the sky.

What was Sam doing? Why was she making trouble? I still had my shirt on and didn’t want Sarah to get worked up. Why did Sarah even want Sam to come along? They didn’t exactly get along. This was just a recipe for trouble I thought as I nervously fingered the hem of my precious shirt.

Sarah glanced at me and her expression went blank. Was she thinking? After a pause, she turned and led me to the front of Sam’s rickshaw and climbed up and sat next to her without a word. She was still holding my leash.

I stood in front of the rickshaw and gripped the handles nervously as I waited for Sarah’s command. I prayed she would say ‘start moving’. That’s all I wanted to hear. Get moving. Geddy up. Let’s go, any type of forward moving command would be great – as I waited silently for Sarah to drop the hammer – for her to tell me to give her the shirt. No doubt Sam was agitating her and my shirt was going to be the price I’d pay.

My heart was pounding as Sarah and Sam sat silently behind me for well over ten seconds. At this moment I was thankful for Hannah’s splash of outside nudity as I probably would have passed out from the anxiety. I needed to steal my nerves. I took a deep breath.

“Let’s get moving Nine,” she said, nudging the leash. “Main street.”

“Yes Ma’am.”