Stranger On A Beach 
by Kevtheledge63

Girl masturbates for stranger on public beach while boyfriend is off playing beach football.

      I tugged at my wicked weasel micro bikini bottoms that Terry, my partner, had bought especially for this holiday as I sat on the hotel sunbed on the Spanish beach. The tiny thin bit of material ridding deep up into my arse crack, splitting my large fat pussy lips apart.
      It was annoying the shit out of me. I can't believe I let Terry sweet-talk me into wearing the ridiculous, tiny swimsuits to the beach today. He had worked his charm on me, telling me how hot I looked and that I should live a little more, we were on holiday after all, and we didn't know anyone at the hotel.
      Terry had always been able to sweet-talk me. Making my inner submissiveness play out, but it was clear the swimsuit was not meant for a woman with my curves. The tiny triangles of sheer fabric panels barely covered my large areola and thumb-sized nipples on my F cup tits, and the stupid small triangle of material on the bottoms actually didn't cover anything as it stopped where my long thick lips started. This being the reason I have been tugging on them since I first put them on, trying desperately to tuck my fat pussy lips back in.
      "For fuck's sake, Lisa, leave the bloody things alone people are starting to think you are playing with yourself," Terry said as Lisa's hand once again dived between her legs pulling on the material of her bathers.
      "Fuck you, Terry, it's your bloody fault I'm wearing these stupid bathers in the first place. I said they wouldn't fit me. I'm too fat."
      "Your not fat darling; you're my gorgeous cuddly bear. I love your great big titties and your sexy arse, baby. Now relax and enjoy the sun," Terry said, leaning over and kissing me.
      Maybe Terry was right; The hotel was right on the boundary of a clothing-optional beach, and it was a glorious day in the sun on the Mediterranean Sea. Fuck it, I thought, laying back down and relaxing. I must have drifted off to sleep for a little while because, opening my eyes, there was a very fit-looking guy lying face down on his hotel sunbed looking in my direction only a couple of meters from my almost exposed pussy.
      I looked across, and Terry was nowhere to be seen. Looking left and right, I noticed Terry playing bloody beach football with some locals. I looked down between my legs and looked straight at the sexy tanned guy wearing mirrored sunglasses. I didn't know if his eyes were opened or closed, and it was that thought that made me suddenly feel sexy as hell. Bugger it, I didn't know him, and he was fit as fuck, so I slowly bought my knees up, and my legs naturally fell open slightly, giving him a better view between my legs.
      I sat like this for quite a few minutes, and he didn't move, so I assumed he was asleep. Feeling even a little more naughty, I put a towel over my lap so people around me couldn't see, but my sleeping stud had a perfect view if he opened his eyes. Then I opened my legs even wider, sliding my hand under the towel. I parted my pussy lips with my fingers finding myself extremely wet. I pushed a finger into my sloppy cunt then removed it, my finger coated in clear slimy pussy juices.
      The more I looked at the hot stranger in front of me, the hotter and wetter I got. I could no longer control myself and slid two fingers inside my hot wet folds as I now openly masturbated on a public beach for my sleeping stud. While I pushed two fingers in and out of myself, my thumb rubbed little circles over my ever-hardening clit. I was as subtle as I could, given where I was, but it was getting harder not just to go full-on and try and stuff my entire hand in my dripping cunt, as my body burnt with naughty desire.
      I stared directly at the gorgeous stud in front of me as I pistoned my pussy with as many fingers as would fit. My other hand coming up and subconsciously slipping the thick fat nipple from my left tit out from under its confines and rolled it between my thumb and forefinger.
      Oh fuck, he moved, he fucking moved!
      He's awake; he is watching me as I display my slutty cunt to him, finger-fucking myself in front of him. Oh God, I'm close, so close, I can feel the pressure building inside me as I know I'm about to erupt. My fingers are a blur now as I lose all control, not giving a fuck who sees me any more. My mind is utterly void of any sort of decency or dignity. I only have one thing on my mind, and that's to show the stranger in front of my slutty little cunt as it explodes with juices in front of him. 
      Come on, I can feel it. I'm almost there.
      I watched as the stud reached under his belly, his hand seeking out his cock. Propping himself up a little on his knees, I watched as his arms start to move in time with my hand.
      Fucking Christ, he is having a wank along with me. Ooohhh fuuucking hell, oooh fuuuck.
      My cunt exploded, spraying a jet of cum towards the stranger and across the sand between us. My entire body shuddered as I squeezed my legs hard together on my hand, still buried inside my burning cunt.
      I closed my eyes a little after quakes continued to rock my body. Opening them again, something was blocking the sun from my face. I turned my head just in time to see a torrent of cum exploded from the hot guy's cock, covering my tits and stomach. The last jet splashing across my lips, nose, and chin. As quick as he had cum, his cock was back in his swimming trunks, and he was gone.
      I instinctively scooped up the cum on my chin and slid my fingers in my mouth, sucking them clean.
      "Mmmh, that's so sweet and tasty," I said out loud before I started to rub all the cum on my tits and stomach into my skin.
      "What did he want?"Terry said, suddenly snapping me out of my daydream.
      "Oh, he just wanted to know if I wanted some help rubbing the sunscreen onto my body," I replied, smiling up at Terry continuing to rub the stranger's cum on myself.
      "The cheeky fucker," Terry said.
      "Terry?"
      "Yeah, honey"
      "Take me back to the hotel room and fuck me senseless, baby. My cunt's literally dripping wet right now."


      