_Here is a short collection of three sexy dreams/nightmares. Enjoy._
1
I stumbled to the waters of the oasis.
I cupped my hands and tried to drink from the cool waters, but the liquid slipped from my fingers.
The water was cool under this hot desert sun.
I struggled and struggled, but I was unable to bring the water to my mouth.
I brought my mouth down to the edge of the water.
I felt the cool liquid against my lips, but not a drop entered my dry mouth.
"It's not going to work," said an unknown female voice.
I looked up from the banks of the water.
Standing in the middle of the lake was a big breasted, motherly, Persian woman.
Was I hallucinating?
"This water is cursed you cannot drink from it," she said as she tiptoed along the top of the lake.
"Please, help me," I muttered through the severe dryness of my mouth.
"Here," the woman said as she reached my body.
The lady of the lake put her mouth against mine.
Cool water bursted force from her lips.
The water entered my mouth and I could swallow it.
I swallowed each drop.
Excess water spilled down my face.
I felt the coolness of the water spread through my body.
As I drank, I felt my lower body drift out from the sandy shore of the oasis into the shallows.
My clothes dissolved into the water.
Naked, I sat and drank from the mouth of this big breasted, Persian, mother.
She removed her mouth from mine, "good girl."
She sat down in the shallows next to me.
Her clothes dissolved as well as she entered the water.
Both of us naked, her mouth found mine again.
This time, very little water came forth.
My tongue and lips scoured her mouth for each drop of moisture.
As I kissed her, the big breasted guardian's hand moved between my legs.
She touched me as I drank.
She rubbed me, and my dryness grew wet.
My nipples became erect.
Involuntarily, my tiny pelvis humped into her womanly hands.
One of the womans hands on my sex, the other found my neck.
Slowly the woman lowered my head to the shallows of her pond.
My head fell underwater.
I could not breath as the woman continued to rub and finger me.
I gasped and struggled against this woman.
I couldn't breathe. I was drowning.
My pelvis fought against the hands of this woman.
Hut still her fingers slid in and out of me, her palm against the sensitive externals of my femininity.
Unable to draw breath, I orgasmed against the woman's hand.
I thrashed in the shallows.
My hips spasmed up and down, and found some air, but my neck was pinned fimly to the sandy floor of the shallows.
Water entered my lungs as I orgasmed.
It felt like my nipples were lactating.
It felt like I was peeing.
It felt like all my externals strained themselves into a solid mass, and all my insides turned to liquid.
I could feel every muscle in my leg, my calves, my hamstrings, my quads, my glutes, the floor of my pelvis, the bridge of my lower back.
Everything tightened.
I came and came and came.
The water demon's fingers didn't stop.
2
One night, I was laying in my bed on the outskirts of town.
I felt poor. It was my time of the month, my cycle of the moon.
I felt hot and sweaty and could not sleep.
I looked out my window into the moonlit darkness of my garden.
In the corner of the garden I saw a large queer cat.
It was the largest cat I had ever seen. I took it to be a lion or tiger or some great predator of some sort. I continued to stare at the cat.
The cat did not disappear into the night. Rather, it just sat there, and stared back at me. I looked straight into the big bright yellow feline eyes of the cat.
The cat prowled through the garden towards me.
As the cat approached the open window of my room.
The queerness of the cat became more apparent.
Although the cat crawled on all fours, the cat had a very distinct manish-ness about it. Like it was half man, half tiger. Half man, half lion.
Some large unknown species of golden cat.
The large cat came right to the edge of my window.
In a daze, my window open to the cool air of the night, the scent of the cat wafted into the room.
The cat put its front paws on the frame of the window and entered.
A fatal pharemonal attraction permeated the pine square box of my room.
The air of the room changed instantly. A sweet pink pollen permeated the air of the room.
The Cat pollen spread through the room and fell and opened every flowery nerve. Every deep fascia and nerve of my body opened up. Every nerve at a cocaine-like peak level of excitement.
The cat boy crawled up next to my bed. I pet him behind the ears. His coat was the softest thing I had ever felt. I shuddered, my open, excited nerves, as I pet his soft coat. The softness against the bare nerves of my hand was almost enough.
My sensitive period body went crazy as I petted the golden cat.
As I pet the cat, I looked between the cat's hind legs.
The cat had a very large, man-like fleshy penis between its hind legs, large and red in a full erect rage.
In a daze, the cat-boy climbed onto the bed with me as I continued to pet it.
The cat's face came to my neck and it began to gently lick me. The cat's tongue against the bareness of my neck sent a cool hysteria through my body.
The cat climbed completely on top of me, continuing to lick my coat clean.
The cat's mouth moved up to mine and the cat teased and licked my lips.
I felt the cat's sharp feline teeth against my mouth.
The cat pawed at me and tore my night dress into strips. Leaving me bare with strips of cloth and long feline scratches along my body.
The cat clawed the panties off my body.
My legs spasmed under the weighty licks of the cat.
Each lick of the cat was an edge.
I felt the warm stickiness of blood along the lines where the cat clawed the clothes from my body.
I felt the cats large fleshy red feline erectness against the wetness of my bleeding period sex.
I humped against the cat as he entered me.
The cat continued to lick my neck and face and paw and scratch my body.
I felt a deep hunger against the softness of the cat's coat in every nerve of my body.
I was right on the brink, but it was as if there was an invisible wall preventing me from passing the threshold.
I was stuck in an eternal loop of the excited second of nonbelief right before you orgasm.
The frozen gap of time where nothing matters except for the moment of release that is destined to come in the next second.
Except for me, there was no destined release.
I was stuck in this frozen eternal gap of time, as this large cat pinned me down and fucked me.
I felt the wet stickiness of period blood against the cat's large fleshy cock.
I was too scared to look down. Too scared of my bloody period sex.
I closed my eyes as the cat fucked me.
Please, please, please, just please let me have some release.
There was no release to be found.
I writhed as the cat pumped into me, the soft coat exciting every nerve to an ardent tingle.
The pheromones of the cat kept me from any release.
If anything, it heightened the moment of threshold.
The cat's licks against my neck gave way to nibbles.
My body in an excited state, on an eternal brink, an eternal zenith, I woke up.
3
A tattooed shape shifter came from the shadows.
"Call me Chloe," she said.
A naked, small titted, pretty, tattooed suicide girl.
We kissed as the kinky girl crawled on my bed.
The shape shifter splits herself into two copies: one male, and one female.
Both tattooed, small, taboo things.
They both kissed me.
The shape shifter split herself into three, then, four, then five.
A bunch of tattooed alternative sexy girls.
The sexy, skinny, suicide girls pinned me down.
One suicide girl to each limb.
The kisses slowly turns to a tattooed gang rape of my clean body.
The only male shapeshifter entered me.
Still pinned down, I struggled halfheartedly. .
Pinned down, the shapeshifter made long strokes in and out of my resisting body.
I resisted no more.
The suicide girls kept me pinned.
About to orgasm.
The male shapeshifter spat on my face.
I orgasmed.
As the waves of pleasure crashed over my body, I felt an intense heat burn my sex.
I looked down.
The male shape shifter had turned into another small tited, tiny pink pussy, tattooed suicide girl.
What was once my femaleness, was now male.
Our pieces, our parts, had inverted.
My female orgasm gave way to its counterpart
I orgasmed and streams and streams of cum began to burst forth from my new penis.
It felt like I was peeing and orgasming at the same time.
5, 7, 9, 11 streams.
My new cock pumped and pumped and pumped.
The orgasm went on forever.
The streams shot at great length all the way up my belly.
I couldn't stop.
The once male shapeshifter pinched my erect nipples and fondled my tits as I shot myself.
13, 15, 17...
Still pinned down.
My hips spasmed. I couldn't stop orgasming.
Each pump of my penis more intense than the last.
"Please, please, make it stop,'' I begged the shapeshifting suicide girl.
Still coming, the shape shifter re-inserted my orgasming penis into her.
Her pussy was too small for my new orgasming penis.
The suicide girl somehow forced it in.
The new sensation of a tiny, small, extremely tight pussy around me drove me to the very pinnacles of madness.
I came and came and came into her. Each pump of my cock grew greater and greater.
I screamed and struggled as I orgasmed. The orgasms became so intense.
My toes curled.
My whole body flexed and released with each great pump.
The girl's tiny pussy gripped me, and overflowed.
19, 21, 23...
I felt my soul slip through these orgasms..
"Fuck, please make it stop," I begged and begged.
I came and came.
I felt myself slip from this dimension.
I opened my eyes and looked down at my spasming body. Tattoos and piercings began to sprout along my body.
My body grew somewhat transparent as I was forcibly taken.
I felt myself grow weak and slip from this hellish dimension
Absorbed with each pump into the orgiastic soul of the demon.
25, 27, 29...
My cock pumped and pumped, with no end in sight.
Finally, I woke up.