St Joseph's School For Girls Ch. 1
by Dragonia ©

Jon despaired he really did, he was at the end of his tether. She was 
really getting to him and he hated her for it. He was usually very calm, 
handing any little catastrophes with a quiet air of efficiency and 
authority. But not now, not here. Tom slammed his fist on the table. The 
girl in front of him jumped out of her skin. 

"What the fuck did you do that for?" said the girl showing the sort of 
contempt that made Jon even angrier.

"Young lady you will not talk to me that way!" said Tom glaring at the 
girl.

"Why the fuck not?" she said back.

"Because young lady I have been put in charge of you and you will abide by 
my rules!" Jon said firmly to her.

"Fine whatever" she said nonchalantly.

"No not 'fine'," said Jon, "yes sir" he said still with an anger in his 
voice.

"Yes sir" she spat back at him and then turned to face the wall.

Jon had been a teacher for almost six years but he had never come across a 
pupil as difficult as Jennifer Cahill. Her mother and father had split up 
and there had been a big custody row. Her father had won and he had sent 
her to boarding school while he settled down with his new wife who was 
only two years older than his 18-year-old daughter. Her father was also 
rich, he had bought Jennifer everything she had every desired and that 
meant she had grown up into one spoilt little brat.

"Jennifer" said Jon as he calmed slightly

"Call me Jenny" spat the girl; "daddy calls me Jennifer, that asshole."

"Cant we try and work together on this?" said Jon trying to reason with 
the angry girl in front of him.

"Don't think so!" she said in an American accent back at him.

"Fine!" said Jon getting to his feet, sod it he thought, I don’t know why 
I have to go out of my way to try and teach a spoilt little bitch like 
this Economics anyway, she obviously doesn't want to learn, what can I do! 
Jon picked up his brief case and walked out of the room. He marched 
straight down the hallway. St Joseph's College for girls was a very old 
college it had been here for almost three hundred years and was very 
highly thought of. The college was a private school and you had to be able 
to pay a hefty sum to send your son or daughter here. Jon marched down the 
corridor pushing open several large oak doors before he came to the 
principal's office. He banged on the door and then opened it.

The Principal Julius St. John Smyth sat in a large padded leather chain 
behind a big dusty oak table. He wore the traditional mortarboard and robe 
as used to be common practice in private schools. He looked up past his 
glasses at Jon. "Mr. Daly to what do I owe this unexpected pleasure," he 
said cracking a smile on his old face. 

"Its that Cahill girl, sir" there is no getting through to her, she is 
unwilling to learn, she is rude and she is an arrogant little b."

"Girl?" cut in the principal.

"Yes, Principal," said Jon shrinking a bit.

"I agree she is a problem Mr. Daly, but that is no reason to give up on 
her."

"That’s not it at all sir," said Jon, "she's unwilling to learn, she has 
given up on herself"

The principal sat back in his chair and removed his glasses, placing them 
carefully on his desk. "Mr. Daly, I don’t know if you are aware of how 
much Mr. Cahill means to the college? He was a former student and is kind 
enough to donate a sizeable amount to the school every year."

"I see," said Jon.

"You see without this money we would close down within the term," said the 
Principal.

Jon nodded.

"Mr. Cahill has expressed a very keen interest that his Jennifer should do 
very well in this her exam year, even to the point where he has threatened 
to withdraw his donations should she get below a B for any subject. So you 
can see my predicament, cant you Mr. Daly."

"Yes Principal, I can."

"I will see what I can do," said Jon as he got to his feet to leave.

"Good, good" said the Principal, "I know you wont let us down Mr. Daly."

Jon walked out of the Principals office and closed the door behind him. 
Jon thought to himself as he walked the dusty old corridors back to his 
office. How am I going to get through to her, there is no way at the 
moment she going to get a D never mind a B. Jon rounded the corner and 
walked straight into someone coming the other way. Jon immediately 
apologised, as did the other person, Jon looked up to see Dr Francis 
James, she had joined the Chemistry department at the beginning of the 
year.

Jon had noticed her first time he had seen her, she had amazing body, very 
slim with large firm breasts. She always dressed smart but sexy often 
wearing short skirts and see-through blouses. She also seemed to like 
wearing high heels, Jon had noticed her at least fifteen different pairs 
since the beginning of the year. 

"Oh I'm terribly sorry," said Jon as he kneeled down to collect her 
papers.

"It's quite alright" she replied in a soft voice, "looks like you were 
miles away, anything troubling you?"

"Oh just a troublesome pupil is all," he said with a wry smile.

"Let me guess," she said putting her finger to her fully red lips, "Um, 
Jenny Cahill."

"Yeah" said Jon, "she has to get a B but she is never going to do it if 
keeps acting the way she does."

"I have the very same problem," said Dr James, "if you have five minutes I 
would love to show you something I have been working on."

Jon looked at his watch, he had an hour before his next class, "I guess I 
have time," he said.

She set off down the dusty corridors and into a chemistry lab in the East 
Side of the building.

They both entered and Francis locked the door behind them. She then walked 
into a back room and picked up a tray, she carried it into the room and 
placed it onto a workbench in front of Jon. She then went back and grabbed 
a couple of other little cans that looked like deodorant sprays.

"Jon," she said, "what is the one thing that you would like to be able to 
do to little Miss Cahill?"

"I would love to bring her down to size" replied Jon with a distant look 
in his eyes.

"Good" said Francis, "what I have developed here is a 'free-will 
inhibitor'."

"A what?" said Jon a little surprised at what she had said?

"Let me demonstrate, this wont hurt a bit." Francis picked up a can and 
sprayed it at Jon.

Jon looked a little bemused, "ok" he said "what next?"

"Well now," said Francis, "I can make you do anything I want."

Jon leaned on the side of the workbench looking a little skeptical, "I 
don’t think so," he said 

"Ok then I will demonstrate, how much money do you have in your wallet?"

"About fifty-four pounds" he replied immediately

"There you go," said Francis

"That’s not really much proof, why would I not tell you?"

"Ok then something else that you probably would keep to yourself, what did 
you think of me when you first saw me?"

"I thought you were one of the sexiest women I have ever seen and I 
wondered what it would be like to fuck you!" Jon gasped as the words left 
his mouth.

Francis blushed and then smiled.

"Um sorry about that" said Jon who had gone a bright shade of pink.

"Its ok," she said, "maybe one day you will find out" she laughed.

"How long will it last? Asked Jon.

"In the spray form only a couple of minutes at most, but in liquid form 
indefinitely!" replied Francis with an evil grin on her face.

"This is amazing, we could so teach that bitch Jenny Cahill a thing or two 
with this."

"Yes we could, now take you trousers down," commanded Francis

Jon's hands went to his belt, but he had regained his free will and just 
looked at Francis.

Francis just laughed and cleared her things away into the back room. She 
came out with a small vile of liquid, if you can get her to drink this 
then we've got her.

Jon took the vile and held it up to the light, it was clear, "It looks 
like water," said Jon. "Ok, I'll get her drink it somehow"

Francis just smiled at Jon and watched him leave the room.

Jon put the vile carefully in his inside pocket and made his way back to 
his office. On his way he passed Jennifer Cahill coming the other way 
surrounded by a group of girls.

"Jennifer, sorry Jenny, can I see you at the end of the day please?"

Jenny looked disgusted but spat out "whatever," to which she got a raucous 
laugh from her peers and then kept walking.

Jon didn’t really have his mind on his teaching for the rest of the day, 
and finished off his last class early so that he could return to his 
office to prepare. He pulled out a bottle of whiskey from the bottom draw 
of his desk and a glass; he half filled the glass with whiskey and drank a 
small amount. He then poured the vile of liquid into the glass and mixed 
it in. He then waited.

Not long later there was a knock at the door, Jon looked up to see Jenny 
Cahill enter and flop down in the chair opposite him.

"Jenny," started Jon, "I'm worried that you're not going to pass you exam 
this year."

Jenny just shrugged her shoulders.

Jon glanced down at his watch and stood up, "excuse me just a moment Jenny 
I really want to speak to the Principal before he leaves tonight."

Jon left the room and wandered up the corridor in the general direction of 
the Principals. He got around the corner and then stopped, he waited there 
for about three minutes, then walked back the corridor towards his office. 
He opened the door and saw Jenny she didn’t look well. She was conscious 
but her eyes were half closed and she held an empty glass in her hands. 

"Jenny" Jon spoke quietly, "Jenny."

There was no response. Jon took the glass from Jenny and placed it back in 
his desk draw along with the whiskey bottle. He then sat and waited for 
Jenny to regain some kind of consciousness. After about twenty minutes 
Jenny blinked and looked at Jon, "don’t you think you should be getting to 
bed now Jenny?" Jon said quietly.

"Yes," said Jenny slowly getting to her feet, "that’s a good idea!" Jenny 
stood up and opened the door; she left the room and made her way upstairs 
to her dorm room where she climbed into bed and fell asleep.

Jon was excited he made his way to the chemistry lab in the east wing. He 
found Francis doing some kind of experiment, she had lots of test tubes 
and Bunsen burners dotted about. 

"I did it," said Jon, excitedly showing Francis the empty vile.

"Excellent," said Francis with a big smile, "where is she now?"

"I told her to go to bed, she looked a bit out of it."

"Ok," said Francis, "it will take its effect while she sleeps." Francis 
turned the burners off, she then pulled something from her jacket which 
she kept concealed in her hands, "I guess I will see you tomorrow then,"

"Yeah" said Jon as he turned to leave. He felt a fine mist on the back of 
his head as he started to walk.

"Jon," said Francis, "one thing, can you come here?"

"Sure" said Jon, turning on his heels and moving towards Francis.

"Have you ever fucked anyone on a desk before?"

"No I haven't" said Jon.

"Well you are gonna do it now, Francis removed her white lab coat and 
unbuttoned her blouse showing off her large breasts in a pretty white bra. 
She then unzipped her skirt and let it fall to the floor, she wasn’t 
wearing knickers but she did have hold up stockings on. She lay back on the 
counter and told Jon to fuck her, Jon took his clothes off in seconds. He 
mounted Francis and was in no time pumping his thick cock deep into her 
wet pussy. 

"You know," said Jon, "you didn’t need to spray that stuff on me to do 
this."

"I know," she said short of breath, "it was only deodorant!"

Jon laughed; then lifted Francis' legs up trying to get as deep as 
possible into her gorgeous pussy. She was very horny and used her hands to 
play with her breasts as Jon thrust his cock into her. 

"Promise me I can have your cum in my mouth," she said as she gasped for 
breath.

"Ok, but you'd better do it now," said Jon. Jon withdrew from her and sat 
on the counter; Francis hopped onto her high heels and lent over Jon's 
cock, sucking it until he blew his cum into her mouth.

Francis purred as Jon came into her mouth. She swallowed it down her 
throat milking every drop from Jon's cock before she released her grip.

"Mmmm" she said as she let the creamy cum slide down her throat, "lovely 
cum Jon" she said as she grabbed her skirt and put it back on.

Jon smiled and just said "thanks"; he grabbed his clothes as started to 
dress.

Soon they were both dresses. Francis came up to Jon and placed her hands 
on his butt, "any time you want a fuck, come see me," she smiled as she 
grabbed her bag and walked out of the room.

That night Jon couldn't sleep he was too excited, his head was filled with 
thoughts of Francis and the Cahill girl. Thoughts of finally being able to 
teach her a lesson no more would she be the scourge of his life. He 
finally fell asleep.

Jon's alarm went off at seven am. Unlike most morning he quickly got up 
without pressing the snooze button and jumped in the shower. In no time at 
all he was dressed, he quickly ate his breakfast and picked up in brief 
case. His accommodation was small but adequate; it was one of the 
advantages of these boarding schools that he was allowed to live in site. 
He made his way downstairs to his classroom and sat waiting for his 
students to arrive. About ten minutes later they slowly filed in and sat 
at their desks. This class was made up of ten pupils including Jenny 
Cahill. Jon looked up from his papers, and scanned the room, all except 
Jenny Cahill was present. 

"Anyone seen Jennifer today?" he asked the class.

"She's just running a bit late" replied Ashley a petite blonde who lived 
in the same dormitory as Jenny.

"Well ok, then we shall just wait for her" Jon said to the class, he sat 
back in his chair and started to read his papers.

Ten minutes later, Jennifer Cahill pushed open the large oak door that 
lead to the class room, made her way to her desk and slouched in her seat. 


"Nice of you to join us Jenny," said Jon projecting his voice down the 
room.

Jenny didn't really pay much attention she glanced up at Jon and then 
looked back down at her desk.

Jon decided that it was time to see if Francis' potion had worked.

"Jenny, stand up" Jon said softly.

Jenny stood up immediately

"Now sit down and pay attention" Jon said watching her with interest.

Jenny sat down quietly and watched Jon attentively.

Everyone in the class was little surprised; this wasn't the Jenny that 
they knew.

The rest of the class was great; Jenny did everything that Jon asked her 
to do things that she normally would have just sneered at. Jon asked Jenny 
to stay behind after the class, which of course she did. Jenny followed 
Jon to his study and sat neatly in the chair opposite. There was a knock 
at the door and in walked Dr Francis carrying a large bag.

"How's it going?" she asked.

"Very well Francis, very well, watch this," he turned his attention to 
Jenny, "Jenny please ask Dr Francis to forgive you for being such a spoilt 
little bitch."

Jenny turned to face Dr Francis and with utter sincerity asked "Please 
forgive me Dr Francis for being such a spoilt little bitch."

"Very good Jenny" Jon said.

Jenny beamed a smile.

Francis walked around to Jon's side of the desk and put the bag down, 
"have you had her do anything naughty yet?" she asked.

"Like what?" said Jon innocently.

"Like give you a blowjob maybe or even let you fuck her?" said Francis 
with a smile.

"No" said Jon a little nervously.

"Ok" said Francis picking up the bag once again, she handed the bag to 
Jenny, "take this into there and put it on!"

Jenny just nodded, opened the door to the classroom and entered closing 
the door behind her.

"What did you just give her?" asked Jon.

"You shall see soon enough" said Francis as she placed her hand on his 
shoulder, she leant over and pushed her breasts into his back while she 
ran her hands down the front of his shirt. 

It felt wonderful to Jon, this sexy woman's breasts pressing onto his back 
while she ran her hands over his body. Jon had noticed when Francis first 
entered that she was wearing one of her very short skirts today, with it 
she wore a suit jacket that was buttoned up and they, must have been 
six-inch stiletto high heels. She wore her hair up and had spectacles on. 
She started to unbutton the front of Jon's shirt as she slid her hands 
under it. She reached around and kissed him passionately on the lips. 


There was a knock on the door, Francis stood and said, "come." The door 
opened and in walked Jennifer Cahill. Jon couldn't help but laugh out 
loud. She was dressed in a French maid's outfit. She had put her long 
blonde hair up; she had a black uniform with frills in the skirts that 
puffed it out. The skirt was short enough that you could see she wore 
white French knickers. She also wore black fishnet hold up stockings and 
on her feet she had six-inch black stiletto high heels that were identical 
to the ones that Francis was wearing. In her hand she held a feather 
duster. 

"Very nice" said Francis as Jenny entered.

"Thank you" she said.

"From now on Jenny you shall call me miss and you shall call Mr. Daly Sir, 
do I make myself clear?" asked Francis.

"Yes miss" replied Jenny.

"Good now come here and dust this desk"

Jenny came over to the desk and started to dust it with her feather 
duster.

"She looks ridiculous doesn't she?" Francis asked Jon.

"Yes" he said, "but very sexy too."

Francis laughed, "yes she's not bad looking is she?"

"Jenny" said Francis.

"Yes miss" she replied as she continued to dust.

"Have you ever been fucked jenny?"

"No miss, I haven't" she replied.

"What's the closest you have come Jenny?" asked Francis

"I once gave a boy a blowjob" replied Jenny as she dusted.

"Really and who was that boy?" asked Francis.

"It was my older brother James" she replied still dusting.

"Really?" said Francis with a big grin.

"Yes miss" replied Jenny even though Francis wasn't looking for an answer.

"And Jenny who instigated this blowjob?" asked Francis

"I did miss, I wanted to know what it tasted like" replied Jenny.

"And" said Francis

"And it wasn't very nice" she said wincing at the thought of it. 

Francis had an idea, "From now on Jenny you are going to love the taste of 
cum, in fact you are going to love it so much that you can't get enough of 
it. There will never be too much for you. You will crave the taste and 
will try to milk it from whatever source you can. Do you understand?"

"Yes miss" replied Jenny, licking her lips. 

Jon was enjoying this he just sat back and let Francis carry on with her 
interrogation.

"Jenny have you ever had a lesbian experience?" asked Francis.

"Yes miss," replied Jenny

"Describe it to me"

"Well miss I have licked Ashley Jones's pussy and pushed my finger up it, 
she has done the same to me, I once watched my mum taking a shower and 
found it very sexy" Jenny replied in a monotone voice. She was still 
dusting and didn’t really look as if she realised what she was saying.

"From now on Jenny you will crave pussy juice just as much as you crave 
cum, do you understand?"

"Yes miss I do" replied Jenny.

"Jenny do you masturbate and if so how?" asked Francis

"I do miss and use my fingers mainly, I have used my electric toothbrush 
in the past" replied Jenny.

Jon laughed.

"What is your most perverted fantasy Jenny?" asked Francis as she placed 
her hands on Jon's shoulders.

"Well miss I have often dreamed about being spanked, and have often 
dreamed of being raped, but I think my most perverted fantasy would have 
to be the dream of sexual humiliation in public, people laughing at me 
really excites me."

Jenny finished dusting and stood up straight in front of the desk looking 
directly at Francis.

"How are you finding your shoes Jenny?" asked Jon

"They are a little hard to stand in but they are very sexy Sir and it 
makes my pussy wet just wearing them" replied Jenny straight-faced.



Jenny straight-faced.

"I see said Jon maybe you would like something to put into that pussy to 
relieve your aching?"

"I would Sir very much" replied jenny with a lustful look on her face.

Francis walked around the desk to where the French maid stood. Francis was 
five or six inches taller than Jenny. Francis ran her hand over Jenny's 
shoulders and then leant to her ear. She whispered something into Jenny's 
ear, looked up at Jon then whispered some more all the time looking at 
Jon. Once Francis had finished Jenny looked directly at Jon. She opened 
her legs slightly and started to rub her pussy through her knickers. All 
the time she didn’t take her eyes off of Jon, she started to moan as she 
rubbed her pussy. Her other hand went to her breast and started to squeeze 
and play with it, pinching her nipple through the material until it was 
hard. Jenny kept rubbing her pussy, she picked up some speed and her 
moaning became louder as her breathing became shallower. Her hand grasped 
her breast roughly as she rubbed her pussy harder and harder, moaning 
louder and louder. She looked Jon straight in the eyes and then with one 
loud scream she came, still staring directly at Jon, she slowed her pussy 
rubbing and released her breast. Jenny once she had finished turned her 
back to Jon, bent at the waist, hooked her thumbs into her French knickers 
and pulled them down with one quick movement. She stepped out of the 
knickers and passed them to Jon. 


"These are for you Sir" Jenny said as handed them over, "it means that I 
am your little slut and you can use me in any way you like."

Jon smiled and took the knickers from Jenny, "thank you " he said.

"Smell them Jon," said Francis watching, one hand on her right breast.

Jon opened them up and looked in at the gusset, it was sopping wet with 
Jenny's pussy juice and he lifted them to his nose and breathed in deeply. 
"They smell so sweet Francis, here you smell." Jon threw the knickers over 
to Francis.

Francis did the same and smelled them in deeply. Francis just moaned and 
squeezed her breast hard. 

Jon got up out of his seat and walked around the desk, "Jenny are you 
hungry for something?" he asked.

"Yes Sir, please may I suck your cock?"

"You may" he replied as he sat in a chair.

Jenny sunk to her knees in one quick movement, she went for his zipper and 
yanked it down she grabbed his cock out of his flies and plunged it into 
her open mouth. She knew what she wanted and she was determined to get as 
much cum out of this cock as quickly as she could. Her tongue flicked over 
the head before she sucked down on to it taking it deep into her throat. 
She was moaning as she pumped Jon's hard cock into her mouth with one hand 
and used the other to caress his balls. Jon watch her beaver away 
absolutely desperate for the thick cream from his balls to enter her 
mouth. Francis was enjoying the sight and sat down to watch she opened her 
legs wide showing once again that she wasn't wearing knickers and started 
to finger her pussy while she watched. Jon was close to cumming, but he 
wanted to make it last longer, he told Jenny to stop, which of course she 
did immediately much to her frustration, she knew he was close.

"Go and lick your mistresses pussy Jenny" said Jon as he tried to control 
himself.

Jenny crawled on her knees over to Francis where she eagerly sank her head 
between Francis' legs eagerly licking and sucking the juices from her wet 
pussy. Francis clasped the back of Jenny's head and pulled her closer, she 
lifted her legs up opening her pussy as wide as possible, letting Jenny's 
tongue bring her to orgasm. Francis moaned and groaned through two more 
orgasms at one point ripping her jacket open so she could grasp at her 
breasts. She came a fourth time and pushed Jenny away unable to take much 
more. Jenny's face was wet with Francis' pussy juice and she looked a 
mess. Jon called her to him and she eagerly sunk her head back onto his 
hard cock. It didn’t take long for Jenny to coax the hot creamy goo from 
Jon's balls into her mouth and Jenny came instantaneously as Jon sprayed 
cum into her mouth. She kept pumping his cock trying to get as much out as 
possible; once she had got all he could she sat on the floor and smiled in 
a drunken stupor. Jon went and sat next to Francis who was still sat on 
the bench with her legs wide open. Jon looked over at Jenny who sat on the 
floor with a look of fulfilment in her half-closed eyes.

"What are we going to do now?" asked Jon not taking his eyes off Jenny.

"Well now," said Francis as she ran her fingers over her pussy, "we need 
to publicly humiliate her."

Francis brought her hand to her mouth and licked her fingers clean, "mmmm" 
she said as she shuddered. She held out a finger to Jon, who leant forward 
and sucked it. 

"Very nice" he said as he released her finger.

"Stand up slut" barked Francis

Jenny stood up and smoothed her frilly skirt out so that it sat right. She 
stood at attention waiting for her orders. 

"Jenny" said Francis as she herself stood up.

"Yes miss" replied Jenny looking directly forward.

Francis walked right up to Jenny and leant close to her ear, she whispered 
several instructions to her and then opened the door for Jenny who 
promptly walked out. Jon looked a little disturbed.

"Um, isn't she going to be noticed walking around the school like that?" 
he said in a rushed whisper.

"It'll be fine" replied Francis calmly smoothing her short skirt down, 
"Its meal time everyone will be in the canteen."

"Oh right" said Jon in a more measured tone, he then looked up at Francis, 
"what else did you tell her?" he asked.

"Ahh," replied Francis looking mischievous, "you will have to wait and 
see."

Francis smiled, opened the door and left closing the door behind her.

Jon stood up and grabbed his coat; he exited his office and locked the 
door behind him. Jon climbed up the old wooden staircase to his apartment 
and closed his door. 



 
St Joseph's School For Girls Ch. 2
by Dragonia ©

Jon woke early that morning, before his alarm clock had gone off. He 
quickly showered, dressed and made himself breakfast. He sat for a while 
as he drank his coffee, looking out his window over the foggy mores of 
Wiltshire. His thoughts turned to Jennifer Cahill. She was the girl that 
he and Francis had turned from a moody arrogant bitch into a submissive 
slut. Jon also was curious about what Dr Francis James' orders to Jenny 
had been last night, what did she say to her. Whatever it was he was sure 
that it would be worth the wait.

He grabbed his briefcase and made his way out of the door locking it 
behind him. He then walked down the dusty old corridor and down the dusty 
old stairs and into his dusty old office. He closed the door behind him, 
put his briefcase down and picked up his notes for his first lesson. He 
walked over to his classroom and sat patiently in his chair waiting for 
his class to arrive. About two minutes late they did, all talking and 
laughing as they entered the room. Jennifer Cahill was the last to enter 
the room; she was dressed normally now. Jenny wore her white school shirt 
and tie, a short pleated school skirt, her hair in pig tails and on her 
feet she wore pop socks and her new six-inch stilettos. She strode into 
the classroom and took her seat. 

The class went all right for about half an hour, Jenny looked like she was 
paying attention and Jon was starting to enjoy the interaction between him 
and the class. Jon looked over at Jenny; she stuck her tongue out at him. 
Jon was a little taken back but as no one else noticed he ignored it and 
carried on his teaching. She started to take more and more participation 
in the class, at one point she replied that she didn't think that the 
French should be in the EU because they were all 'slimy bastards'. This of 
course caused outrage especially among the French students and it 
disintegrated from a heated debate into an all out slanging match. Jon 
tried to calm the class down, but he was not having any effect. He raised 
his voice more slamming his fist on the table. The class went quiet except 
for Jenny who jumped look up at Jon, stuck her tongue out, then said, 
"what the fuck did you do that for? You cunt!"

The class went quiet; no one would dare speak to a teacher in such a way.

Jon was a little confused, had the potion worn off? Was she back to her 
old arrogant self?

What made him more confused was that not only was she wearing her 
stilettos from yesterday but also that she kept playfully sticking her 
tongue out at him.

Jenny sat there indignant.

Jon looked sternly at Jenny, the whole class waiting to see what he would 
do next.

"Jenny, excuse me?" he said.

"You heard," she replied with a cheeky grin on her face.

One of the girls in the class leant over to Jenny and softly, "stop it or 
you're gonna get the cane."

Jenny smiled and looked at Jon, "is that it Sir, are you going to give me 
the cane?" Jenny stuck her tongue out at him again.

"Well I don't know if that's necessary," said Jon as he backed up.

"Come on you wimp," Jenny said as she stood up, she looked directly at Jon 
smiling, "I need a good spanking because I've been a very bad girl, after 
all I did call you a cunt."

Jon had finally realised what was going on, it was part of Francis' plan 
for Jenny to publicly humiliate herself. Jon wasn't about to ruin the fun. 
"Jenny come her now" he commanded.

Jenny sprang out from behind her desk and hopped playfully towards Jon.

"How do you want me Sir," asked Jenny standing in front of Jon, "how about 
bent over your desk?" Jenny stepped forward and bent over Jon's big oak 
desk, Her little skirt rode up and showed off her firm thighs. Her butt 
wasn't quite visible but it was nearly there, Jenny spread her legs apart, 
her skirt rose up to show that she was not wearing any knickers, she then 
waited patiently. The class were mesmerised as was Jon, there was a pretty 
girl wearing school uniform and six-inch stilettos bent over the teachers 
desk waiting to be spanked showing the class her shaved pussy. Jon 
regained his composure and picked up his cane from the corner of the room. 
In truth he had never used it, but it was good to keep as a deterrent. Jon 
moved closer to Jenny and placed his hand on her lower back causing her 
skirt to rise a little more. He spanked her with the cane once, but not 
being very experienced he caught the material of her skirt, it sounded out 
a dull thunk. 

Jenny tutted, she then reached back and pulled her skirt completely up to 
aid in Jon's spanking. Her bare pussy and butt were on show to the whole 
class. The class was completely quiet watching what was happening. Jon 
looked to the class the girls all looked a little red-faced, they were all 
breathing quite deeply and Fiona who sat at the back definitely had her 
hand in her knickers. Jon moved back to Jenny and spanked her once again 
with his cane, this was a better swing and it left a red stripe across 
Jenny's white butt. Jenny cried out, the cry changing to a moan half way 
through. Again Jon swung his cane; he left just enough time for the sting 
to kick in before swinging again. Jenny cried out loader and loader, after 
a while Jon was starting to get concerned that someone might hear them, 
the walls and doors were solid oak but Jenny was screaming very load. He 
looked at the class, all of the girls looking at him, "I need something to 
gag her with, do you have anything?"

The girls all looked around, eventually Fiona called out, "here use 
these"; she threw something to Jon who caught it. Jon opened it out to 
reveal Fiona's wet knickers, Jon looked back at her who sat legs spread 
with a big grin on her face. Jon took the knickers rolled them up and 
walked round to Jenny's face. 

"Open your mouth," he commanded of Jenny.

Jenny opened her mouth wide and Jon slid the rolled up knickers in, "now 
bite down on these," Jenny did as she was told biting down on the soiled 
knickers.

Jon returned to Jenny's butt where he delivered two more spanks in quick 
succession, Jenny could only moan in pain and pleasure. Jon kept spanking 
her, he lost count of how many time he had spanked her with the cane. 
There was a loud knock at the door, Jon and the class jumped. Jon quickly 
walked over to the door and opened it slightly to see who it was. As he 
opened it he saw Dr James and opened it enough for her to enter.

She stopped and looked at Jenny who was still bend over the desk with her 
skirt pulled up showing the class her pussy and white butt which now 
looked red with cane marks. 

Jon stopped and looked at Francis, she wore a white see-through blouse 
that showed off her huge breasts that were encased in a lace bra, a very 
short skirt that hardly concealed her butt and most impressively she wore 
knee high black leather stiletto boots. Francis looked amazing her hair 
was in a ponytail that sat on top of her head and curled down onto her 
shoulder.

Francis strode confidently to the front of the class and addressed the 
girls. "Good morning girls," she said projecting her voice to the back of 
the class.

"Good morning Dr James" the class replied in unison. 

"Now class, Miss Cahill her has been a very naughty little girl, is there 
anyone else who has been naughty and needs to be punished?" The class was 
quiet all of them looking at Francis. After a while Fiona who was still 
sat with her legs apart raised her hand. Fiona was a pretty girl with long 
brown hair and very slim body. She wore the customary school uniform, 
white shirt, school tie, pleated skirt, pop socks and shoes. "Come here 
Fiona" commanded Francis placing her hands on her hips. Fiona sheepishly 
stood up and walked slowly to towards Francis. Francis stepped to one side 
and directed Fiona to bend over Jon's desk just as Jenny was doing. 
Francis walked right up behind Fiona and softly picked up the hem of her 
skirt and lifted it up revealing her little white butt and her bare pussy. 
Francis looked surprised, she turned to the class, "girls, has everyone 
here got a shaved pussy?" No one answered? "Emma?" asked Francis looking 
at the girl sat directly in front of her.

"Yes Miss" she replied.

"Do you shave your pussy Emma?"

"Yes Miss" she replied bowing her head in embarrassment.

"And you Sarah?" Francis asked to the girl behind Emma.

"Yes Miss"

All the girls answered yes to Francis' question. She turned and looked at 
Jon, she said aloud, "looks like you have a class of sluts here Mr Daly." 
Jon just nodded looking at the girls in his class who were even redder 
now.

Francis looked back at the desk, Jenny and Fiona were both bent over, 
waiting for their punishment.

Francis walked around to Fiona's face and looked at her, she then fished 
into her bag and pulled out a small vile of clear liquid. She moved very 
close to Fiona and whispered to her softly. "Drink this you slut!" Fiona 
did as she was told and drank the liquid. Francis then moved over to Jon 
and whispered in his ear. I made some modifications to the free-will 
inhibitor it now has no side-effects and works immediately, she winked at 
him then took his cane from his hand and circled the desk back to where 
Jenny and Fiona's butts were on show. She raised the cane and landed it on 
Fiona's butt who let out a scream. Francis looked dismayed; she circled 
back to Fiona's face. She glanced over at Jenny who still had Fiona's 
knickers wedged in her mouth. "Looks like Jenny was a screamer too," she 
said softly to Fiona. Francis then walked back out the front of the class 
and looked around. "Girls I have a special gift for you" she announced. 
The girls just watched. Francis went over to her bag and pulled out 
several more vile of clear liquid. She then went round and handed them to 
each of the girls. Emma, Sarah, Petra, Connie and Lisa all were given a 
vile of liquid. Francis then returned to the front of the class and told 
the girls to drink. They looked at it and drank, not one of them hesitated 
downing the liquid. Francis smiled, "very good" she proclaimed. 

Francis walked up to Connie. Connie was a French student she had long 
curly auburn hair, large breasts and a good figure, she was also very tall 
for a girl, only slightly shorter than Francis was and she wore high 
heels. Francis leant down to Francis' ear and whispered something into it, 
she then looked at Jon and winked. Francis walked to the back of the class 
and perched on the side of a desk to watch. Connie stood up and walked 
towards Jon, she started to take off her tie and unbutton her shirt. Her 
breasts were encased in a nice white bra that pushed them up to show off a 
lot of cleavage. She took the bra off too and walked slowly towards Jon. 
Once she was right next to Jon she fell to her knees and went for his 
zipper. She undid his trousers and pulled them down and then pulled his 
shorts down to release his rigid cock. Connie grabbed it with her hand and 
started to massage it up and down. Jon put his head back to enjoy the 
feeling. She then took Jon's cock in her mouth and started to suck it off.

Francis meanwhile had walked to the front of the class to where Jenny and 
Fiona lay. Jenny had her eyes glued on Jon's cock her appetite for cum had 
not been fed for a while. Francis told the two girls to stand and undress 
except for their shoes and socks. They of course did as they were told and 
before long they were both naked stood in front of Francis, Jenny wearing 
her stilettos and Fiona in her flat shoes. "Do a sixty-nine on the desk 
girls" Francis asked, "Jenny you get on top." Fiona lay on the desk and 
Jenny straddled Fiona's face and let her face fall between Fiona's legs. 
Jenny started licking straight away her thirst for pussy juice was now 
being quenched. Francis watched for a while Jenny's tongue darting in and 
out of Fiona's young pussy. She then turned to the other end where Fiona 
was licking Jenny's pussy, "lick her butt hole as well Fiona" commanded 
Francis. Fiona started licking Jenny's butt that made Jenny buck up and 
down in pleasure.

Jon was having a great time; he was watching two sexy young girls licking 
each others pussy's while another sucked his cock. Francis felt horny and 
decided that it was time for her to feel good. She sat on the desk and 
spread her legs wider, her skirt rose up around her hips, she of course 
was not wearing knickers and now everyone could see. She called Emma, Sarah 
and Petra to come to her. 

Emma was the youngest in the class and also the smallest. She was very 
thin with small breasts and short blonde hair. Sarah was also blonde with 
an amazing figure, large breasts thin waist and sexy hips. As the oldest, 
she thought it gave her the entitlement to dress more like an adult. She 
always wore makeup, wore her skirt very short, her neckline very low and 
her shoes very high. Petra was slim and pretty but you couldn't really 
tell much more than that, she was French and dressed very conservatively 
usually in long pleated skirts and big baggy tops.

Francis smiled at the three girls in front of her, looking at Petra she 
told her to remove her jumper and her skirt. She did and much to Francis' 
surprise underneath her jumper she wore a corset, it pushed her medium 
sized breasts up and together, she then took her skirt off to show she 
wore stockings that attached to the bottom of her corset and a very 
delicate lace thong. She looked amazing and Francis approved, Francis 
ordered Petra to lick her pussy to which she obeyed, getting down on her 
knees and pushing her lips and tongue against Francis' warm, wet hole. 
Francis moaned as Petra got to work. She looked at Emma and Sarah, "you 
two kiss" she said a little short of breath. They did as they were told 
passionately grabbing each other and kissing each other deeply. Francis 
watched the pleasure running over her.

Jon looked over at Francis who had Petra busy between her legs; Connie was 
pumping his cock up and down quickly with her hand while her tongue 
flicked over the head of his cock. Jon moaned in pleasure. Francis looked 
over at Jon who was flushed with colour as Connie sucked his cock deep 
into her throat once again. Francis bent over and gestured for Sarah to 
come closer. Sarah broke off her kissing with Emma and listened intently 
to Francis. Sarah then walked over to Connie and whispered something in 
her ear. Jon looked on intently. Connie removed Jon's cock from her mouth 
but held it up straight. Sarah lifted her skirt and stepped over Connie's 
arm; she had her back to Jon and lowered her pussy down onto his cock. 
Sarah sank all the way down onto Jon's cock groaning as she went. Connie 
leant forward and started to lick all along the point where Jon's cock 
entered Sarah, she licked at the base of Jon's cock and at Sarah's 
stretched open pussy lips.

Francis started to cum, Petra continued to lick her as she convulsed. 
Francis was intently watching Jon who was being fucked by Sarah and licked 
by Connie. Jon lifted his hands and cupped Sarah's curvy breasts, 
squeezing them hard together as she slowly moved up and down on his hard 
cock. Jon looked over to his right where Fiona was bringing Jenny to yet 
another orgasm. Fiona herself had been through several. 

"Jenny stop what you are doing," Jon said out loud.

Jenny of course stopped, "and you Fiona, go and sit on the front desk and 
spread your legs wide open."

They both did as they were told sitting on the front desk legs wide apart, 
"now finger your pussy until you cum" Jon demanded. The girls started 
pushing their fingers deep into their pussy. Jenny was managing to get all 
four of her fingers up inside her pussy while Fiona was using two. "Now 
lick your fingers clean" demanded Jon as he looked over Sarah's shoulder 
who was still bouncing up and down on him. Jenny and Fiona both removed 
their fingers from their pussies and started to lick them clean in an 
almost feline way. Once the girls had licked themselves clean they went 
back to fingering themselves. Francis was about to cum for the second 
time; she reached to the desk and picked up the cane bringing down on 
Petra's butt as she licked Francis' pussy. Petra squealed in delight every 
time the cane landed on her and pushed her face harder against the wet 
pussy in front of her. 

Jon couldn't take any more and was very close to cumming, his balls were 
tensing and his cock felt huge. He grabbed Sarah's hips and pushed her 
down as far as she would go onto his cock while he pumped his creamy cum 
deep inside her young body. Sarah lifted herself off Jon's cock and went 
and lay on the desk, Connie almost immediately went to her licking cum 
that was now slowly dribbling from her expanded pussy lips. Connie took to 
it quickly lapping up every drop of the white goo as it left Sarah's body. 
Jon's cock was a little deflated, he looked at Jenny who was still busy 
fingering herself. He told her to stop and come to him. She complied and 
was soon stood naked in front of him. "Suck me until I am hard again 
whore," he said looking deeply into Jenny's eyes, she dropped to her knees 
taking Jon's lip cock in her mouth started to slowly suck it to rigidity. 

Jenny had sucked Jon's cock and it was now rigid, Jon told her to straddle 
him, she swung her legs over his lap and slowly lowered herself down onto 
his hard cock. She started to bounce up and down her bunches swinging back 
and forth as she did, she wrapped her legs around Jon's back and thrust 
harder. Then she stopped and clasped her head, she went all white and 
looked slowly around the room. Then she looked directly at Jon, "what am I 
doing she asked?" slowly in a confused state.

"Oh shit" Jon said, "Francis, Francis" he called out. Francis pushed Petra 
away from her pussy and walked over to Jon and Jenny. 

"What is it?" she said looking at Jon.

"I think its wearing off," said Jon in a directed whisper.

"Really?" said Francis with a wry smile.

Francis clapped her hands and told the girls to stop what they were doing 
and to circle Jenny and Jon who were still linked cock to pussy. They did 
this. Francis looked at Jenny, "Jenny do you know where you are?" she 
asked softly. 

Jenny who had her eyes closed as was shaking her head from side to side 
tried to open her eyes, "no" she replied softly.

"Open your eyes Jenny," said Francis softly.

Jenny rubbed her eyes with the back of her hands and shook her head again; 
this time she managed to open her eyes enough to look around.

"Dr James?" she asked looking at Francis.

"Yes Jenny its me" she replied.

"What's happening" asked Jenny looking directly at Francis.

"Take a look for your self" replied Francis looking down at where Jon's 
cock entered Jenny's pussy.

"Oh my god" she replied, "Mr Daly?"

Jon just nodded

"Oh my god you're fucking me" Jenny said again as she tried to lift 
herself up and off Jon's cock.

"Stop her girls," said Francis.

Connie grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back down as Sarah and Emma 
each grabbed an arm to prevent her from lashing out.

"I'm going to have you all arrested" screamed Jenny as she was pushed down 
onto Jon's cock.

"Petra give me your knickers, but give your pussy and rub with them first," 
said Francis all the time looking at Jenny who was powerless to move. 
Petra started to rub her delicate lace knickers against her wet pussy, 
after a minute of so they were soaked in her juices. Petra slipped them 
off and handed them to Francis. "I don't think that these are going to be 
big enough replied Francis looking at the tiny knickers that Petra had just 
handed her. "Fiona go and get your knickers from the floor over there!" she 
commanded. Fiona did as she was told and returned with the rolled up 
knickers that had once been used to gag Jenny when she was being spanked. 
"Francis smiled at Fiona, now push them up Sarah's pussy get them coated 
in Mr Daly cum that's inside of her. "Yes miss" replied Fiona as she leant 
over and eased Sarah's legs apart, she then started to slowly feed the 
knickers up into Sarah's pink hole, bit by bit until they were completely 
inside her. Fiona then started to lick at Sarah's clit until she came this 
didn't take long as Sarah pussy was full and she hadn't had an orgasm yet. 
Fiona then carefully removed the wet knickers from Sarah's pussy and 
carefully handed them to Francis. "Thank you Fiona" replied Francis taking 
the knickers careful not to loose any cum that they contained. Francis 
rolled them up, she grabbed Jenny by the jaw and forced her mouth open 
enough to stuff the knickers in, she then used Petra's little knickers to 
hold the others in place by wrapping them around her head. Francis then 
set about humiliating the stuck up little bitch. 




Sarah and Emma started to fondle Jenny's breasts with their free hands, 
while Connie helped Jon fuck Jenny by lifting her up and then pushing her 
back down on him. It didn't take long before Jenny was voluntarily 
bouncing up and down on Jon's cock as an orgasm approached her.

Francis went to the desk and grabbed her bag, out of which she pulled out 
a large strap-on double-ended dildo and a camera. She beckoned Petra to 
her and eased one end of the dildo into her tight pussy; she let out a cry 
as it entered her. Francis used it to fuck her a couple more times before 
taking the straps and fastening it to her tightly around her legs and 
waist.

Francis then beckoned Fiona over and told her to firstly lick Jenny's butt 
and then lick the dildo so that is well lubricated. Fiona bent down next 
to Jenny's butt and started to lick her butt, pushing her tongue deep as 
she could into her tight butt. After a while she stopped and went to Petra 
who stood there with a nine-inch rubber cock, Fiona sank to her knees and 
feverishly sucked and licked the rubber cock. Petra moaned out loud as 
Fiona pumped the cock forcing more and more deep into Petra's pussy. Fiona 
stopped and returned to her viewpoint. Petra moved up behind Jenny and 
positioned her rubber cock right at Jenny's butt. Jon slowed Jenny's 
bouncing and he slowly eased her down onto his cock while the rubber cock 
forced its way into her tight virgin butt. A muffled scream was heard and 
Francis laughed; some of the girls joined in laughing at Jenny. Petra and 
Jon pumped into Jenny simultaneously as she bounced up and down. Jenny was 
bucking up and down and it was hard for Emma and Sarah to hold onto her 
arms. Emma lost her grip, and Jenny's arm just went to Jon's shoulder to 
help her get more momentum in her thrusts. Francis told Sarah to let go as 
well. Jenny gripped onto Jon's shoulders lifting herself up and down, 
pushing her butt back onto the rubber cock and sinking her pussy down onto 
Jon's cock. Francis loved it; she walked around the scene taking pictures 
of Jenny as she went. He favourite pose was of Jenny with her mouth open 
moaning as she was fucked hard up the butt and pussy again and again, the 
sweat poured from her face, making her hair and face look a mess. Connie 
wanted more so she reached in and kissed Jenny straight on the lips 
pushing her tongue deep inside Jenny's mouth, Jenny reciprocated clutching 
Connie's head and pulling it closer to hers. It wasn't long before Jenny 
had her orgasm; of course Francis caught it on film, Jenny's being kissed 
by Connie while being fucked in the pussy and butt. Once she came Francis 
told Connie and Petra to move aside. Petra slid her cock out of Jenny's 
butt, Jenny let out a audible sigh. Francis pointed at Fiona, "Petra go 
and fuck her with your new cock."

"Yes miss" replied Petra walking over to Fiona, bending her over and 
fucking her pussy for all she was worth.

"Get up replied Francis to Jenny who grudgingly lifted herself off of 
Jon's cock, she stood to the side looking admiringly at her shoes which 
she hadn't noticed before. Francis with her back to Jon lifted her skirt 
up around her hips and lowered her pussy onto Jon's still hard cock, 
"owww, that's good" she said looking at Jenny. "It feels good to have a 
hard cock in your pussy doesn't it Jenny?" Jenny just nodded. Francis 
started to bounce up and down on Jon's cock while Jenny who was still 
gagged looked on intently. "Jenny come here" commanded Francis.

Jenny moved closer to Francis. Francis removed her gag and pushed her onto 
her knees, she then pulled her face right to her clit, "lick you slut" she 
commanded pushing Jenny's head hard against her pussy. Jenny started to 
lick, tasting the mix of pre-cum and juices that were coming from both Jon 
and Francis. Francis bounced up and down on Jon's cock tensing her pussy 
muscles as she did, Jon was close to cumming as was Francis and they came 
together. Jon pumped his cum, up into Francis' pussy. Once she had milked 
all she could from his cock Francis lifted off and sat in the chair next 
to him. Jenny stood there looking at them both. "Clean Mr Daly's cock with 
your mouth!" Francis commanded Jenny. Jenny took the cock and licked it 
clean. "Now my pussy slut." Jenny looked down at Francis' pussy; there was 
a dribble of cum escaping as she held her legs open for Jenny. Jenny lent 
down and reluctantly started to lick and suck Francis' pussy until it was 
clean of cum.

Jon picked up the camera and took some pictures of Jenny licking clean 
Francis and then told Jenny to pose for some more. She did spreading her 
legs at every opportunity to show off her pink pussy lips. "My god" 
exclaimed Jon; "she really is a slut."

Francis just nodded, stood up and pulled her skirt back in place. Jon got 
dressed. Francis beckoned Petra over to her and removed the dildo that she 
had just used to fuck Fiona with. 

"Girls get dressed" commanded Francis.

They all started looking around the room for their clothes, "however" 
added Francis, "no knickers ever again!"

"Yes miss" the class replied in unison. 

The class all took their seats leaving their knickers in a pile on Jon's 
desk.

Jenny sat in her seat unable or unwilling to look up.

The bell went and the girls all stood up and left.

The weekend was quite uneventful as they usually were in this part of 
England.

Everyone took the time to catch up on work and sleep.

Monday morning arrived and the girls filed quietly into class all of them 
looked like they had a hangover, rubbing their eyes and shaking their 
heads. Jenny walked in last as usual and took her seat. Jon smiled at her 
when he noticed that she was wearing her stiletto heels. None of the girls 
except Jenny seemed to have any recollection of the previous day's events. 
Jon smiled and carried on with his teaching when he turned his head back 
to the class he noticed that every single girl had lifted their skirts 
high enough under the desk that he could see their naked pussies. Jon 
laughed out loud. The girls look confused as Jon laughed, but Jon just 
carrying on with his teaching. Jenny was never disruptive again, in fact 
she passed her exams and St Joseph's remained open. 
