Showing the World

There I was, heart racing deciding whether or not i should do it. My
mind confused as to why i was even contemplating this idea. Finally i 
decided i would only show a small portion of my body and pretend i 
didn't notice i was exposing myself to me neighbor. I bent over and 
move the curtains apart about 3 or four inches. Then i went and turned 
the light on. I walked in front of the opening and looked over and 
noticed my neighbor looking at my window over the top of his book. He 
was a good looking man for his age being about 65-67. He was strong and 
had a well toned body, not as well toned as a 20 year old's but hey 
time had taken a toll on him. We would talk sometimes and he would ask 
how school was going for me. I could never take my eyes away from his, 
they were warm and brown. He often did yard work without a shirt on and 
sometimes i would find myself getting a little turned on. 

I slowly took off my shirt and peeked back at my neighbor, but his eyes
were back to his book. A little frustrated that he wasn't looking at me 
and my perfect body and small but proportionate breasts. I moved the 
curtains open a little more thinking that maybe he couldn't see what 
was going on. Then i slid off my skirt and threw it across the room 
hoping it would catch his attention and it did. Now he was staring at 
me and i didn't know what to do. I didn't want to expose my naked body 
to him just yet so i just took down my hair and shook my head letting 
my jet black hair cascade down my back. I dropped my hair tie so i 
could bend over and give my neighbor a good look at my ass. Then i went 
over and turned off my light and rushed back to the window. There was 
my neighbor rubbing his hard cock through his pants in hopes i might 
return. Well this gave me more confidence so i went downstairs into my 
kitchen where i was completely visible from his bedroom. As i stood 
there making myself a banana split  sundae i decided to just eat a 
banana but treat it like a dick. 

I peeled it and began licking the tip of it. Then i put it in my mouth
further and further until it was all in my mouth and i ate it. I 
glanced up and saw him stroking like a mad man and i decided to give 
him something good to cum too. I got out the chocolate syrup, heated it 
up then poured it onto my tits. The feeling of the warm chocolate felt 
sooo good i was rubbing it all around my nipples pinching at them and 
squeezing them. Before i new it my panties were off and ii was fucking 
myself with a banana. I poured the chocolate on the banana causing 
sensations i have never felt before. I forgot about my neighbor and 
fucked myself silly. I came soo hard i almost collapsed on my floor. 
When i was doen i remembered my neighbor there he was cock still hard 
and he looked like he was ready to blow. 

I got up on my counter and climbed into my sink and and began to wash
myself. Getting all the chocolate off my body and out of my hair felt 
good. I peeked up just in time and saw him spew his load onto the 
window. He stayed there until i was finished cleaning myself. I never 
knew a man of his age could get hard or even last as long as he did. 
After this i decided to dress and undress with all my curtains open. 
Good thing because the next day a hot guy about my age moved into the 
house on the other side of me. I began stripping for him that night 
only this time making eye contact so he knew what i was up too. 

We were both naked within minutes and staring at each others naked
bodies. His 8.5 inch cock rack hard and my shaven pussy dripping wet. W 
masturbated in front of each other and i pulled out my vibrator. I saw 
the look in his eyes, filled with lust and wanting my body. I fucked my 
pussy hard for him as he polished his pole for me. We came together and 
i was wiped out. He left the window and confused did he not want 
another round. I thought maybe he went and showered so i just walked 
around cleaning up my place. Thats when i heard a knock at my door. Who 
could it be at such a late hour. I opened the door a crack and it was 
him. I didn't know what to do considering i had no close on. I simply 
stared at him and he stared at me and then asked if he could come 
in....
 