Flashing on a jet from Miami
by SashaKoe

My husband and I have been to Miami quite a few times and this is something that I did on the flight back after one of our trips. It was also one of the first times that I had actually flashed in public. And I got the idea from another girl’s experience I had read about online.

While we were in Miami, I bought a really cute summer dress at one of the shops in South Beach. I don’t have it anymore because... well, because I’m not quite as small as I was a few years ago when I did this.

Anyway, this is when we were on our way back from Miami and I was wearing that cute light blue summer dress.

We boarded the plane and went to our seats, kind of in the mid-section of the plane I think. My husband was sitting by the window as usual and I was in the middle. In the aisle seat that was next to me was a Hispanic man who was probably in his early 50’s. 

It was in July and that’s why I was wearing the summer dress. It came to about four inches above my knees. Underneath it, I had on a blue thong and a matching blue bra that my husband had gotten me at Victoria’s Secret. I remember shortly after we had taken off that I thought I’d have a little fun, but I didn’t want to say anything to my husband because I didn’t know for sure what he’d think. He may have wanted me to do even more than I was planning, so I thought I’d just do this on my own. 

As soon as the seat belt light went out, I excused myself and went to the restroom. When I came out of the restroom, my little blue thong was in my purse. 

I know I’m writing this is as if I were very calm while doing this, but this was early in our ‘X-capades’ so I was very nervous about what I was thinking about doing. Especially since we hadn’t been drinking. Well, we had had a couple of Bloody Marys so that was probably why I was thinking about flashing the old Hispanic guy. I probably wouldn’t have done it had I not had the drinks. 

After I sat back in my seat, I waited for the flight attendant to make her way up the isle with drink offers and after she passed us I did a nice stretch, turned my back to the Hispanic man, pulled my feet up on my seat in a fetal position, and then laid my head on my husband’s shoulder. I told my husband the Bloody Marys had made me a little sleepy, and it wasn’t unusual for us to nap on the plane. 

After a few minutes, I acted like I had dozed off. I had my shades on so I could peek without being noticed. My husband was working on some art project on his laptop and had it in his lap turned toward me to minimize the glare from the window, which was cool in that I could see the old guy’s reflection behind me on the monitor. He was engrossed in an in-flight magazine so I decided to tease him just a bit. At the time, I couldn’t believe I was doing this, but since then, my husband and I have done a lot of crazy things…most being the fault of my husband. Actually, all have been my husband’s fault, even the ones when he wasn’t around. 

I had my right hand in my lap gripping the material of my dress and I made a move as if adjusting myself to get more comfortable and at the same time I pulled on the dress raising it a few inches. It was now riding my upper thighs and with a couple of more well-timed adjustments I knew I’d have it in just the right place. The second opportunity came when I felt my Hispanic neighbor get out of his seat and I saw him head for the restroom.

By the time he came back to his seat my dress was raised to the exact spot where I wanted it. The hem of the sundress was now raised to the same level where my legs meet my ass. In the position I was curled up in, the bend in my body was exposing the edge of my pussy to the Hispanic man sitting by me. In the laptop reflection I saw him adjust himself so that he faced me slightly without being too obvious and he raised the magazine again, seemingly reading it. But it was a little too high and I realized that he was looking at me underneath the magazine. I know this probably doesn’t sound like much but knowing that he was looking at me gave me such a huge thrill! My heart was racing, so it was hard to keep acting like I was asleep with my head on my husband’s shoulder. And it sure was fun!

I then shifted my left leg a little higher on the seat and this exposed me a little bit more. I think it also made me look like I was really asleep. I’m sure he thought he’d hit the jackpot! Ha ha! I stayed in that position for a while until it got uncomfortable, so I eventually decided to turn face up. I wasn’t sure how to do this without going through the dress adjustment routine, so without putting my legs down I turned face up. I then dropped my legs to the floor and I could feel cool air blowing on my pussy, so I was sure that I was quite exposed to the gentleman next to me. I kind of eased my skirt down then and dozed off for real. I didn’t want the flight attendant to see me or anybody else… I was actually afraid of getting in trouble. Ha ha! Only because it was early in our adventures!

The next thing I knew the seat belt thing was going off. And we were almost home. More adventures to come if anybody likes this one and wants to hear more. 


