Stripped For Florida: Just Strip Her
By Willie B.
williebflorida@gmail.com
  
  
"Should we just strip her?" 
  
"Yeah, I think so." 
  
"We could put one of those vibrators on a clit ring, you know the ones that make girls go off all the time." 
  
"Jack, that's cruel." 
  
"Sorry. We could have it set so she just goes off randomly." 
  
"Would you want to just 'go off' randomly?" 
  
"Sure, what would be wrong with that?" 
  
"Men!" 
  
"So what would you want?" 
  
"Mmmm, let's see, a little buzz would be nice; if i wanted to come i'd like to squeeze a little and things would get juicier." 
  
"A bit of a buzz not in your control, but going over the edge sort of in your control." 
  
"Fair enough." 
  
"So let's talk to the jewelers. Maybe they know how to do that, or they can talk to the tech developers and see if they can adjust the mechanism a little." 
  
"So, we're agreed we're going to strip her then?" 
  
"Sure!" 
  
"And we're going to get her clit hood pierced?" 
  
"Definitely!" 
  
"And we don't mind having a girl in tow who may go into full-blown orgasm at any time, day or night, private or public, in school, in the middle of your business meeting that you just happened to have to take her to because I had an important appointment and couldn't simply pick her up from school . . . " 
  
"Yes, yes, I get the point . . . " 
  
"You realize we may unleash a monster . . . I'm female, too, so I'm just warning you how these things are." 
  
"It could be a really liberating disruption of regular life." 
  
"Okay Mr. Philosophical, let's go talk to the jewelers." 
  
* * * 
  
"Sweetie, we have a surprise for you." 
  
"Really? What is it mommy?" 
  
"Daddy and I are taking you to the store to get you a present." 
  
"Oh goody. Is it something i can wear?" 
  
"Yes, it is, but you'll have to take off what you have on now." 
  
"You want me to take my clothes off?" 
  
"Yes, but not yet. You can do it at the store." 
  
"Okay, can we go now?" 
  
"Yes we can!" 
  
"Oh, daddy, mommy, it's a jewelry store!" 
  
"Good afternoon, you called to let us know our special order had arrived." 
  
"Absolutely ma'am. Sir, miss, right this way please." 
  
"Let me pull out this display tray, miss. Ah, there you are, your new ring." 
  
"It's very pretty. But, mommy, how do i wear it?" 
  
"We'll show you. Now is when you need to get undressed." 
  
"I have to take off all my clothes to wear the ring, mommy?" 
  
"Yes, that's right." 
  
"Okay! . . . tada, I'm nakie!" 
  
"That's great, honey. Now the man is going to help you get up on this special chair, that's it. Open up your legs and i'll show you where the ring goes. Feel my finger here?" 
  
"Uh, huh! Mmm, feels good, mommy." 
  
"Just wait until you feel how good the ring feels -- it's even better than this!" 
  
"Better?! How can it feel better?" 
  
"He's going to attach the ring right . . . here! It might sting for just a few seconds and then it will start to feel better. Can you be a brave girl?" 
  
"I think so." 
  
"You can hold my hand with this hand, and daddy can hold your other hand, okay?" 
  
"Alright. Is it really going to hurt?" 
  
"Just for a second. Squeeze our fingers tight and then it will be alright." 
  
"Okay, I'm ready." 
  
"I just need your legs open a little wider, miss. Perfect. This will just take a few seconds while I make sure we position the ring just right. All done!" 
  
"Ow, ooooh, oooooh, mommmmmy, ooooh. It stings. Ow." 
  
"Just breathe, honey. Squeeze our fingers tight." 
  
"Ooh, oh, oh it tingles! That feels funny, oh, it tickles." 
  
"Can she use the special feature now?" 
  
"Oh, yes sir, she certainly can." 
  
"Honey, try squeezing your legs together just a little . . . " 
  
"Oh, oh, daddy, that is . . . aaaaah, aaaaaaaah, oh, oh, . . . " 
  
"That is a very high pitched scream!" 
  
"i warned you . . . that's what you can look forward to hearing at any time of day or night!" 
  
"Wow, that was fantastic! This is a wonderful present. Thank you mommy and daddy. I love you so much." 
  
"Thank you, sir!" 
  
"Seeing your daughter's pleasure is thanks enough. You are most welcome. You can bring her in for an adjustment if you want the sensitivity setting changed. We can adjust it so that it requires very little extra pressure to go into higher vibrational mode, or, we can lower the adjustment so it is a little harder for her to push it into higher vibrations. Try it out for a while and then come in and we'll fix it up just as you like it." 
  
"Alright sweetie, are you ready to go?" 
  
"I need to put my clothes back on." 
  
"No, dear, you won't be needing those anymore. You can just be naked." 
  
"Naked all the time? But mommy, aren't I supposed to wear clothes?" 
  
"Now that you have the ring, that is like your clothes. You don't need to wear anything else." 
  
"This is my clothes? That's funny mommy." 
  
"Yup, it is funny, but that's what you're going to be wearing from now on. You're a stripped girl." 
  
"What does that mean daddy, stripped?" 
  
"It means your regular clothes have been taken away, peeled off, stripped away. The ring is part of our present to you, a very special ring that can make you feel good all the time. Does it feel good right now?" 
  
"Oh, yes it does. It tickles me down there!" 
  
"The other part of the special present is that you are a stripped girl, now. You're naked!" 
  
"Not really naked, daddy. You forgot i have this ring on!" 
  
"Oh, silly me, you're right. You're not naked at all!" 
  
"Just a minute daddy. Before we go I have to do something." 
  
"Wow, she's getting off again so soon?" 
  
"I warned you! Are you sure you don't want it adjusted before we leave?" 
  
"I still want to try the setting where she just randomly goes off at any time!" 
  
"Men!" 
  
"Oh, that was a good one! Wow, I love this present. Daddy, what did you say about me? I was busy and didn't understand." 
  
"It was no big deal, don't worry about it." 
  
"Mommy, he said something. i want to know." 
  
"Your daddy wants them to fix the ring so you don't have to squeeze your legs to have that really good feeling. We call that an orgasm or cumming. Daddy thinks it would be . . . interesting? . . . cool? . . . I'm not sure what he thinks it would be, but he keeps joking that he wants them to fix the ring so it would just make you have that good feeling at any time without you having to do anything. 
  
"Oh, wow, mommy. They can do that? i want it changed so it will do that." 
  
"Honey, you don't understand. You know how you just had that good feeling? The one we call an orgasm?" 
  
"Uh, huh!" 
  
"If they fixed the ring the way daddy says, it would wake you up in the middle of the night with an orgasm, or in the middle of school when you were trying to answer your teacher's question in class, or while you were playing with your friends." 
  
"That's wonderful. I want that, daddy. Please, tell mommy i want that." 
  
"Sir, ma'am, if i may interrupt. This is a very special model that you ordered from the developer. We can easily put it on any setting you like. If it doesn't work out well we can adjust it to a different setting. Just try something and see how it goes. 
  
* * * 
  
"That's the fourth time this afternoon." 
  
"Just look at her writhing on the floor." 
  
"Looks like she's in bliss!" 
  
"As long as she doesn't hurt herself." 
  
"I don't think she's that out of control. She's just really letting herself feel the pleasure." 
  
"You're really getting off on this, aren't you?" 
  
"Of course I am!" 
  
"Men!!" 
  
"Girls!!!" 