Teasing an Elderly Man in Hawaii
byJoeblowisme©

I used to go on work trips with my dad during the summer because he would go to a bunch of fun places.

One of the best times I had was in Hawaii when I was 18 just after graduating high school. I spent hours alone on the beach drinking all the virgin pina coladas I could get my hands on and was working on one hell of a tan.

We were staying in this tall hotel on the second to top floor but the drawback was that the balcony didn't face the water. Outside our door was a big mountain and to the right was the other wing of the hotel kinda closing off the view to anything else. Sucked, but it was Hawaii!

We had been there for a few days and my dad was getting breakfast downstairs with some of his coworkers before an early morning meeting. It was about 5:45 and I couldn't get back to sleep after he left. I played on my phone for a bit and was scrolling through reddit just passing time. I was getting the urge to get myself off and started just rubbing myself while reading stories and stuff.

It was a beautiful morning and after a story about someone getting off while their neighbor was watching through the window I was feeling really daring.

In a completely reckless state of mind I decided I would get a little crazy. I got up and completely undressed. I peeked our the back door and didn't see anyone that could see our balcony. In reality, there were only about 6 balconies that would be able to see ours so the odds of ACTUALLY being seen were small enough that I thought I'd go for the thrill of "what if".

I snuck onto the balcony and moved the chair to face the mountain so that I could rest my feet on the rails. I sat down with my heart beating in my chest so hard that I could hardly catch my breath.

I was doing it! I was out in the open completely naked and playing with myself. The sun wasn't quite reaching me yet but the warmth of the air on my skin and feeling the cool breeze on my vag was incredibly exciting.

I closed my eyes and put my head back just soaking up the thrill and pleasure I was feeling. I must have been at it for about 5 minutes or so when I opened my eyes and noticed that the man on the top balcony just above our neighbor was staring right at me.

I completely froze and thought I was going to have a heart attack. I didn't know what to do. My gut instinct was to sprint back into the room and die. The deeper voice inside me cheered and I reminded myself this was exactly what I wanted.

My small boobs were panting up and down and I could hear my heartbeat in my ears while I was making eye contact with this man who looked to be well into his 80s. Slowly, I started to rub myself again and a huge grin spread across his face. I immediately started beaming right back at him with my embarrassing brace-face.

I couldn't see below his chest but one of his hands went down out of sight and started moving back and forth.

The excitement rushed through my entire body and suddenly I could feel everything! I could feel myself give everything over to this experience. I started rubbing with purpose now and I knew it showed on my face.

I turned my chair sideways and put my feet up on the side rail to let him get a full on view. His eyes were glued to my pussy and my hand became a blur. I was passionately connected to this man who was old enough to be my grandfather or maybe even great grandfather and all I felt for him was complete lust and arousal.

From where I was sitting, I could see the sweat starting to form on his bald head and his cheeks were flushed. Maybe 20 feet separated us but it's like I could almost feel him on me. After maybe 10 minutes of this and without even thinking about it, I stood up and put my finger in the air to tell him "hold on" and as I turned to go inside to get my brush I saw his eyes immediately jump to my ass and he really started to speed up his movement.

I grabbed my brush and instead of resuming my spread open position, I moved my chair out of the way and turned my back to him giving him the view I knew he really wanted. I leaned forward and spread my legs, arched my back and put my left shoulder on the ground. I reached between my legs and slowly pushed my brush inside my soaking wet pussy while the frail old man went completely comatose watching every inch of it disappear inside me.

I started to pump it inside me while staring back at my admirer. I don't think I've ever seen that kind of joy in someone before and while I found a good rhythm that was scratching every itch I had I could almost feel him about to cum. That sent me over the edge and I felt myself lose all control.

I inadvertently let out a very loud grunt/moan followed by an "oh fuck me!!" and started pulsing on the handle of my brush. Knowing he could see my completely bare pussy spread open by the brush and my back spasming up and down violently I saw his face twist and he went rigid. We had come together and I loved every bit of it. I sat there with my ass in the air trying to catch my breath while he just looked on with what was very likely a balcony covered in geriatric cum.

It must have been a good 5 or 10 minutes before I could move again and my new partner was there the whole time.

I'll never forget that experience. To this day it still gets me excited and maybe some day I'll have the courage to do something crazy like that again. Who knows.
 