Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 9)

It became immediately apparent the wrap was never meant to act as a complete outfit. With only a tie in front, it draped down her body like a curtain. With every wind gust, it fluttered out behind her like a cape, leaving her entire body on display. And unfortunately, today was the windiest day so far. I think a storm front was rolling in or something. She had to resort to holding her sarong closed with one hand down low as we walked. But even with it wrapped around her, from behind I could still see her entire ripe bottom through the thin material. It would be obvious to anyone within twenty feet of her that she was naked underneath her wrap.

Beyond the end of resort maintenance, the beach started to change. The sand was covered in seaweed that had washed ashore and it was rockier. I guess that's what happens when you don't comb the beach clean every day for the sake of tourists. There were tough little patches of grass clinging desperately to the loose soil and I saw lots of new wildlife that I hadn't seen before.

Tiny crabs darted from pool to pool, picking through moss and algae, and colorful lizards were sunning themselves on flat rocks. The lizards darted away whenever we got close. Their actions reminded me to keep an eye out for snakes!

While I was having a blast exploring this new ecosystem, Lucy was less enthusiastic about our excursion. She walked along the shore eyeing the still crystal-clear water enviously. Even though I had forbidden her from swimming, she looked ready to flee to the safety of the water if anyone dared to come too close to us. But we encountered no one on the first part of our journey.

The beach abruptly ended as the shore curved off to the north. Here the water looked deeper and murkier. Left with no other choice, we turned and followed the rocky shore to the north until we came to the end of a rickety wooden boardwalk with an old, weathered sign officially welcoming us to Skipper's Bay.

Following the boardwalk, we started to see docks extending far out into the water. The docks branched off at regular intervals and had boats attached to them. The further we walked, the nicer the boats got. There were a few boats advertising guided deep sea fishing outings and other sport fishing tours. But I guessed the fishermen liked to leave out early, because there were lots of empty parking stalls on the docks.

Eventually the boardwalk doubled in width, then doubled again as we made our way around the bay. They clearly took better care of it here and we didn’t have to worry so much about getting splinters in our bare feet. At one point we did see a boat with some men getting ready to depart. They all turned and looked when they saw us. They waved across the water with huge smiles. I waved back, but Lucy kept her head down until they were out of sight.

"This is so much more fun than the beach, don't you think Lucy?" I teased.

She squeezed her wrap tighter and made another blush but said nothing in response. We had been walking for about an hour by now and the sun was really starting to heat up again, despite the stiff breeze. There was no shade on the boardwalks, and we weren't wearing sandals either. So, I started to look for some place to get indoors and take a break from the heat. An opportunity presented itself when we came to a large bait shop which looked to be the half-way point around the bay.

There was a huge alligator hanging out front that I guess some local had recently caught. We saw a family getting a picture in front of it and I asked Lucy if she wanted to take one. She blanched and rushed inside before the family noticed her.

Inside, it was even bigger than it looked from the outside. But most importantly, it was air conditioned. The bait shop sold more than just bait. In fact, it had everything a fisherman could possibly need. There were rows and rows of fishing poles, nets, and all kinds of bait, both real and plastic.

Lucy followed nervously behind me, keeping a close eye out for other shoppers. But I was temporarily mesmerized by all the wares. There was a whole department with nothing but boating supplies, and even a few whole boats for sale. On one wall, the back end of a small commercial fishing trawler had been turned into a display. It had rigging, like a crane, sticking right out of the wall with nets and buoys hanging all around. On the ground below the boat was a store display selling something called "barnacle guard". I only remember it because of all the mermaids on the sign.

"Ahoy! 'ere to drown some worms, are ye?" a voice suddenly caught us off guard. Being underdressed for the occasion, Lucy scurried to hide behind me. It was a grizzled old man whom no one would ever mistake for anything but a fisherman. He looked like he had just returned from a three-month tour of crabbing or something.

Although he had surprised us, he didn't appear like he posed us any threat. He even laughed jovially at his own joke about the worms, then came closer to introduce himself. He walked with crooked steps as if he were on the deck of a boat and not on firm footing.

"Name's 'Dave', most folks call me 'Riviera Dave'. But most folks ‘round here are liars. Fishermen may be born honest, but they get over it, he-he."

He said he was the owner of the bait shop. I shook his hand and introduced myself. "And who's this minnow?" he asked, nodding toward Lucy whose face turned sheer white at the attention.

"This is my little sister," I said, knowing how much it annoyed her when I called her 'little'. "She lost her swimsuit and is feeling a little embarrassed about it. Lucy don't be rude! Say 'hi' to Mr. Riviera Dave."

...wait a minute...wasn't the guy at the surf shop named Riviera Dave?...I looked more closely at the man and saw more than a passing familiarity, especially in his facial features. And they both had long, unkempt hair….But this Dave was definitely older than the last Dave we met....or was he?

One thing they had in common: no concept of personal space. When Lucy offered her hand in greeting, he shook it, then drew her out from behind me without letting go. "No need to be bashful, Lucy. I've lost me own swimsuit more than once. Storms come - can't be helped. You gotta roll with it. Besides, there's nothing that would shock ol' Dave at my age. He-he. What's this?" he asked, rubbing her smooth hand - quite a contrast to his own calloused one.

"Got us a lubber, eh? Or are ye part mermaid? Wouldn't be the first o' them to swim into old Dave's net. Com'ere, I'll show you googans a thing or two. If you're gonna be drownin’ worms in my bay, you ought to at least know how to tie a proper sailor's knot."

He laughed again at his repeat, and still lame, worm joke as he led us over to a counter and started pulling out several different colors and sizes of spooled rope. Lucy tacked closely to the counter, happy to have a little extra coverage. Her breasts were somewhat concealed beneath the bunched-up fabric where the sarong tied in front. Her greater concern at the moment was her lower half. Leaning against the counter protected her in front. But from behind, her ripe backside shone clearly through for anyone who would happen by.

"Now, this here is a bowline. It's almost as easy as a slipknot. See?"

He demonstrated a few times then had us try. I picked up the technique pretty easily, but Lucy was having more trouble. I didn't help that she kept looking over her shoulder to make sure no one had snuck up behind us and was staring at her barely covered tan-free bottom.

After showing us a couple of knots, he moved on to bends. That's what you use to tie two separate pieces of rope together. The bends were a little trickier, but I was able to reliably do the basic ones after a few practice attempts.

"The last type are hitches. Use them to hitch up to a piling. These are the most important. You mess up your hitch, your boat may decide to go a sailin' off without you, he-he. But if you do it right, hitches will never let you down. I don't have a cleat here, but maybe miss Lucy wouldn't mind filling in. I suppose a handcuff hitch would be fitting."

He deftly twisted the rope until it looked like mouse ears then told Lucy to stick her hands into the two equal sized openings he had created. As soon as her hands were through, he yanked the loose ends with one hand. In a flash, the loops sinched tightly around her wrists, pulling her hands close together. She yelped in surprise as Mr. Dave raised the knot high above his head. Lucy was lifted completely off the ground by her wrists. With her arms extended, she flopped and flailed uselessly like a fish caught on a line. But the knot held firm. Her sarong slipped and threatened to fall completely off her body, but even then, she was so pumped up on adrenaline that she wouldn't stop flailing.

A bemused expression on his face, Mr. Dave continued to hold the incapacitated girl aloft with a single strong arm. He looked her up and down like was appraising his latest strung-up catch.

"What do you think, mate? Is she a keeper? Sure does got some fight in 'er!"

Lucy was simply dying of embarrassment at being treated like nothing more than a piece of meat. Her sarong had continued to slip, and her cute pink nipples were now peeking out above the top. But she couldn’t fix it because her hands were secured high above her head. I let her squirm a few seconds more. Then I declared, in my most genuine sailor's voice, that she was too scrawny, and that Mr. Dave should toss her back to let her grow a few more seasons.

He agreed, saying she would definitely make someone a fine meal someday. Then he mercifully let go of the rope with a hearty laugh. With a blush, she rushed to readjust her cover-up so that she was no longer flashing her naked chest. Then she desperately grappled at the knot until it worked its way loose and released her wrists.

Overhead a ship's bell gonged, and Sailor Dave excused himself to go assist another customer. I had genuinely enjoyed learning how to tie the different types of knots. But as soon as he was out of sight, Lucy asked if we could please go back to the beach now. She claimed she was getting bored, but I could read the truth of the matter all over her body. When it came to her little diamond factory, nothing on the beach had come close to what I had already been able to accomplish today.

No chance was I going to let this opportunity pass by letting her go back to the beach. My plan was to keep heading east until we reached my ultimate destination: Riviera Pier! But I wasn't about to tell her that! Better to keep hope alive.

"I'll tell you what. Since you've been such a good sport, I'll only make you perform one more task. Then we can leave. When Mr. Dave gets back, I dare you to ask him your bikini wax question! Don't forget to give him a nice, good look down there, too."

Her eyes fluttered and she got real quiet. I had used this particular challenge several times by now. But it hadn't yet failed to be effective. I think it worked so well because her audience was always different, and she got so embarrassed talking about something so personal and intimate with near strangers.

When Sailor Dave returned, he asked if we needed help finding anything. I apologized, telling him we didn't have much spending money and, to be honest, we had only come in to take advantage of the air conditioning of his store. He didn't mind a bit and told us we were welcome anytime. And if there was anything we needed help with, just ask. That was Lucy's cue.

She stepped up as bravely as she could manage in such as skimpy outfit and, after a gulp to tamp down her nerves, began speaking. "Um, Mr. Dave, sir? There is something you could help me with."

When he pivoted to face her, he somehow ended up almost on top of her. You could say he was looming, but not in a threatening way. He was still smiling light-heartedly. I think he just had no second thoughts about invading her personal space. But even then, Lucy couldn't help but to take a step back.

"My friend Alexandra says girls are supposed to get a bikini wax to hide their hairs from poking out. But I don't want to get it because she said it's super painful. W...what do you think? Do I really need one?"

Looking around one last time to make sure no other shoppers were around, she untied her sarong and held it open, flashing her naked body for the first time in the store. Mr. Dave let out a long low whistle, so loud it could have signaled nearby ships. He took a crooked step forward and she backed further away. She was up against the trawling display with the big boat and almost tripped on the netting. But she managed to keep her wrap open to his now leering gaze.

"We'll, I always say my store sells everything under the sun. And I will help however I can, but…a bikini wax, bah!" he spat out in disgust, "bikini waxes are only for California yuppies and dirty Brazilians.”

He thought for a second, studying her naked form, then seemed to make up his mind. “Way I see it, there's only one real way to take care of hair. And that's with a damn-fine straight razor. No wax could ever match what a few lashes with a strop can do. I have just the thing."

Neither Lucy nor I knew what a strop was. I'm pretty sure she heard it as "a few lashes with a strap" and started to shake in fear. It's a long story, but like most girls her age, she understandably hated getting spanked.

Mr. Dave misinterpreted her panic as fear of the razor blade. And I guess he decided she would need further incapacitation for the procedure. He grabbed a coil of rope off the ground and when he started his approach, she looked like she wanted to flee. But his crooked gait made it hard to judge where he was coming from and where she should flee to.

She took one step back and to her right, then changed her mind and turned the other direction. This time, her foot got tangled and she had to grab the wall of netting behind her to keep from losing her balance. When she did so, her cloth wrap fluttered to the ground leaving her completely naked. She hesitated, torn between the need to get untangled and an acute desire to preserve her modesty.

Her hesitation was her downfall as Mr. Dave descended upon her. With all the skill of a thousand practiced knots, he used a short length of rope to instantly lash her left hand to the net with an unbreakable bend. He grabbed a larger coil and threw it over a functional pully that was hanging from the back of the trawler display right above them.

"Now I saw how you struggled in that handcuff hitch. I gotta make sure you stay nice and still, so you don't get cut, hear?"

Lucy did not, in fact, hear. She was in a total panic mode. If she had remained calm, she might have found a way to escape, but her brain still hadn't processed why her left hand wouldn’t budge from the netting. It didn't help that her colorful sarong had fallen completely off her and was lying in a heap on the ground. She reached up with her right hand to try and shake free whatever was restricting her left. But it was a futile effort. The grizzled old sailor did not make a knot lightly.

Meanwhile, Sailor Dave had already moved on to her left foot. He lassoed her at the ankle with the longer hanging rope then deftly made another loop part way up. In a flash he had it around her upper thigh and somehow secured it to itself with a bend. The new loop collapsed upon itself when he heaved on the other end that had been threaded through the pully. The whole thing only took a couple seconds. Suddenly, Lucy's left foot was yanked off the ground. She yelped as her left knee was forced to fold in half and her left foot was sinched up tightly to her thigh.

But he didn't stop there. Pulling with a smooth motion, he kept lifting until her entire left leg was hiked up to about shoulder height. Her left leg and left hand were now both incapacitated. She instinctively threw her right hand out to catch her fall, but she didn’t fall. Instead, she dangled sideways, her torso parallel to the ground. Disoriented for a second she scrambled with her one free foot. Finally, stretching her right leg straight down at a ninety-degree angle from her body, her toes barely grazed the slippery floor.

"That'll hold," said Mr. Dave with satisfaction. "Lemme get the shaving kit. I'll be right back."


