Fun Trip to Six Flags by Adam
byapplevalyan©

I've been dying to tell someone of my wife's and my exciting and fun filled trip to 'Six Flags over Georgia' this past summer. We had gone there for our fifth wedding anniversary; well we had gone to Atlanta actually, 'Six Flags' was a last minute decision. Her family now lives in the Atlanta area after moving there from our hometown of Burlington, Vermont and we hadn't seen them since our wedding. 

Denise and I got married right after high school and I joined the 'Air Force' and got stationed on the island of Guam. They said I could be stationed there 1 ½ years by myself or 3 years if I brought my wife alone. Hello! 3 years on a tropical island with my young horny wife with no family around to bother us. Easy decision! 

We both enjoyed our time in Guam. The weather in Guam runs between 70 degrees to 85 degrees year round, which sure beats the winters in Vermont. Denise eventually started wearing less clothing around than she did at home back in Burlington, Vermont which didn't bother me a bit. After the first year, I don't think she opened her dresser drawer that contained her bras and after the second year, she almost quit wearing panties. The only time she wore them was when she wore her short dresses or skirts and then they were mostly thongs. As far as I knew, she never went pantiless under her skirts or dresses, except once when she once wore a long formal dress to a 'New Years' fancy dress ball we attended, and she didn't want 'VPL". 

Her normal everyday attire was usually just a tight tank-top, a halter top and some short-shorts. She finally got her a thong bikini to wear on the base beach after almost a year there when she noticed that almost every girl there was wearing one. Something she said she would have never done back at home. 

The Air Force sent me to Norton Air Base in California the last 6 months of my military life and when I got out we went to Atlanta to visit her family for a while before moving to Florida where I had a job offer waiting for me. 

The third weekend home, we decided to get away by ourselves for a bit and decided to go to 'Six Flags'. I asked Denise to wear one of her smaller halter-tops and her very short jean skirt for me. Denise said she had no problem with that but said she needed to wear something under it besides panties because she knew her crotch would be in full view in that skirt every time she sat down. I told her to wear her little black bikini swimsuit bottom. She smiled and said, "Yes, that would work fine."

So soon after breakfast, we dressed and headed to 'Six Flags'. I wore some cargo shorts with many pockets so I could carry a lot of things. In one I had my wallet, which was inside a zip-lock baggy to keep everything dry. In another I carried some extra cash, in a baggy for easy access. And in another I sneaked a couple pair of Denise's panties I hoped I could talk her into later that day. 

The yellow halter-top she wore was just big enough to look respectable but thin enough I could just see her nipples. Between the halter and her low-rise jean skirt was a good 8inches of well-tanned bare mid-riff. She looked hot! 

On the first ride we rode, I noticed that Denise was right. After attempting to pull her skirt down as she sat, it was still sitting so high on her legs, her crotch was still easy to see and some young teenager was staring right at it. I looked where he was looking, and then looked at Denise and she was smiling while looking at the kid. 

I leaned over to her and said, "It looks like you don't mine some kid looking at your swimsuit covered crotch. I wonder how you would feel if he was looking at panties instead of you swimsuit? Do you now wish you had of worn panties?" She looked at me and gave me a big smile and said 'Maybe.' This continued the next couple hours and a few more rides, except she gave up pulling down her skirt when she sat.

We took a break and had lunch and Denise told me she needed to go to the restroom. I stopped her and reached into one of my pockets and gave her one of her black thong panties. I said to her, "How about putting these on for me honey and bring what you wearing back to me. Let's see how much fun you can have now." She looked at what I put in her hands and she had a surprised look on her face and then she smiled and said, "OK, I will if you really want me too." 

Denise made me proud and hard the next couple of hours. She didn't change anything from the way she acted that morning except that now people were looking at her panties. She sat in the same no big deal way! Except now I could easily make out her camel-toe in the tight cotton panties. 

While we were in line, I even reached under the back of her skirt a couple times to rub her bare ass and she didn't even try to stop me, just the opposite. The second time I did it; she turned and faced me and gave me a big wet kiss as I grabbed both her bare ass cheeks in my hands. She had never let me grope her in public before. Not even in her thong bikini while on the beaches back on Guam!

Around 3 pm, we were sitting in the shade near a snack bar sucking down a couple of soft drinks when I jokingly asked her if she was getting horny letting the guys see her panties. She looked me right in the eyes and said, "You bet I am! Why don't you reach down and see just how wet I am?" I called her bluff and reached down then and there with people around us. Her panties were sopping wet and I don't mean wet from the water rides. 

I reached into another pocket I told her, "Those are sopping wet, you should get out of them, here, go put these on and bring me those back." Her eyes got big when I gave her a pair of thin light blue g-string panties but then she smiled and stood saying, "Your wish is my command." She was back in a couple minutes handing me her wet black panties. I put then in one of my pockets, took her hand and headed for the rapids ride as Denise said, "Let the fun begin!"

When we got on the ride I let Denise go first and I noticed she sat across from three young men and they quickly noticed her blue panties and I swear that just before she sat down she lifted up the back of her skirt before she sat down. We got splashed on the first time we rode the ride that day but this time we got completely soaked. Denise's yellow halter-top became transparent! Her nipples were very visible and you could easily see her hairless pussy right through her thin wet light blue panties. 

She looked down and seen how exposed she was and then she started laughing. She looked at the boys staring at her with their mouths open and spread her arms and said to them, "Looks like I got a bit wet doesn't it, and I hope you guys don't mine, but I'm having fun!" Denise got off the ride and never made one attempt in covering herself up. She walked, no, strutted down the paths to the next ride which was a roller-coaster, with her chest pushed out letting anyone and everyone see her nipples thru her wet top. 

It was surprising how short the line was when we got there, I kissed her and told her I was proud of her and was glad she was having fun showing off. Then I asked her if she was going to lift her skirt again when she sat down. She smiled and told me she hadn't thought about it but just might if it was a guy coming down the cars to make sure the lap-bars were locked. When we got to the entry area Denise turned to me smiling and told me it was a guy checking the lock-bars.

When we sat down, Denise pulled the skirt up and sat on her bare ass. Her wet blue panties were completely uncovered and I couldn't help myself and reached over and stroked her pussy, Denise closed her eyes and moaned, until I seen the guy coming our way. Denise opened her eyes and looked him square in his eyes as he checked our lap-bar. Luckily we were in the last row and he stopped and started at Denise's crotch a couple seconds. He probably couldn't believe her was almost seeing her pussy. 

When we started our climb up, I reached over and pulled her panties to the side and slipped a finger into her wet pussy and managed to bring her to an orgasm before we were halfway through the ride. When we climbed from the car, the same guy was there to help us out. I seen Denise pull her skirt back down as she stood but I didn't see if she checked to see if her panties back in place. If she didn't, that fellow may have got a good look at her pussy. 

Denise said she had to go pee after we got off the ride and when she returned, she reached out to me and said, "He put these in one of you pockets. I don't think I need these anymore today." It was her blue panties. My lovely wife was now pantiless under her little jean skirt in public. Something I had dreamed about her doing but I never thought she would ever do. I knew that if she ever sat down the rest of the day, her pussy would be on display. I didn't know if she was planning on doing that or not, but I would love to see her do it. I just hope I can get her to go pantiless for me more often.

She grabbed my hand and pulled me up saying, "OK, let's go ride that roller coaster again so you'll have time to get me off again." This was definitely not the same shy girl I married back in Vermont; I love this one even more! After that ride, which she let the guy checking lap-bars get a good look at her bare pussy, she pulled me into a restroom and had me fuck her.


Fun Trip To Six Flags by Denise

Hi, my name is Denise. My husband Adam sent in his version of this story and told me I should send in my side of the event and it sounded like fun, so here goes.

I am currently 23 yrs. old and I have been married 5 yrs. to my old childhood sweetheart named Adam. We grew up together as neighbors in Burlington, Vermont. We played together, shared our first kiss and played doctor together a few times while still very young. We got married right after high school with our parents' blessings just before he joined the 'Air Force'. I lost my virginity to him when we were only 15 years of age and have never regretted it. We were very careful when it came to sex, he wore condoms and I got on the pill when I was 16. We had sex as often as possible and often on semi-public locations. Now that I look back, I'm pretty sure my mom knew we were having sex but she never let on about it. That could explain why she wasn't the least bit shocked when I admitted to her a couple months after our wedding when Adam and I started having sex. She said she was just glad we were careful and used contraceptives. 

We got married two months before Adam left for basic training in Texas. Since my house was bigger, he moved in with my family until he left and I stayed there when he left. We were having sex two to three times a day after we got married and I sure missed that when he left. I had to resort to my fingers daily, something I hardly ever did until then. After basic training they sent him off to school in Mississippi for more training. 

When he came home after school, he told me we needed to pack up everything because he had orders for the island of Guam for 3 years. He told me he had a choice of 1 1\2 years along without me or 3 years there with me. He said he could not stand the thought of a year and a half without me so he chose the 3 years with me. I was in a mild shock, the thought of having to leave my family and friends and move halfway around the world to a new and strange place made me uncomfortable, but I loved him and decided we could work it out. 

It was a cold snowy day when we left Burlington and a nice warm sunny day when we arrived on Guam. The island was just like the pictures I looked at on the internet. It was beautiful! We were met at the airport by someone from the base and taken to our 'on base' home. It wasn't fancy but it was ours for the next 3 years. 

It was within easy walking distance to the base swimming pool, which Adam and I used almost daily, and the commissary. Our meager possessions arrived in a couple days so we slept in the base motel until we unpacked everything. We didn't need a car on base, we walked or used a little scooter we bought to get around or we could use the free base shuttle bus. Once in a while we rented a car on-base to go to town or cruise around the island. We decided to save our money the next 3 years and buy a good car when we got back to the good old USA.

I quickly found out my long pants were not practical for here and cut off and hemmed most of them into shorts but within a month had cut off most of them to short-short length which I liked better. Adam talked me in cutting off a couple of my oldest and tightest jean shorts to super short-shorts. I was uncomfortable wearing these around at first but soon got use to them when I noticed almost all the other women wearing them too. I noticed most of the younger girls and women around here didn't wear bras either so I experimented with that a bit too. 

Adam liked me going braless. It really didn't bother me much unless my shirts were thin and you could see my hard nipples though my shirts. I hardly ever went braless back home and I felt a bit uncomfortable and even a bit naughty doing it here. That's why I think my nipples were hard most of the time. But since it seemed like the normal way to dress here, I tried it and soon found I liked being braless especially in public. I found I liked the extra attention I seemed to get.

At first I was a little put-off when the men stared at my braless breast and my hard nipples but soon I actually began to enjoy the looks and smiles. I know Adam liked it when I went braless in public with him; he was always trying to touch them in public. At first I would stop him but found I actually enjoyed his extra attention in public and eventually let him get a few feels in but within a few months, I never stopped him. I even let him feel me up in public once in a while. 

My favorite place to let him play with my tits was on 'Tarague Beach', which was a beach on the Pacific Ocean on the Air Force Base. Adam noticed that a lot of girls were running around in tiny thong bikinis. He suggested I get me one to wear. I told him "no way" but deep inside I wanted one to wear but didn't have to guts to wear something that small in public, yet. I was still a bit uncomfortable in my new little tie-side string bikini, but I found I did enjoy walking along the beach braless in a white tank-top and my bikini bottoms. Adam liked to toss me in the water in my white tank-top giving me that wet t-shirt look. The first time he did it, I was pissed! The top made me look like I was topless but soon I got used to being over-exposure and by the time we left, I was beginning to enjoy it a bit but I didn't let Adam know that. 

I know I liked excitement of letting everybody see my wet titties but I never let Adam know just how much I enjoyed it because I was supposed to be his shy little wife. I just couldn't tell him how much I really was enjoying this new exhibitionist side of me. I use to do a lot of walking and/or jogging for my exercise and I usually wore one of my thin t-shirt or tank-tops and some short-shorts. 

Most of my walks lasted a couple hours and here in Guam, you never know when you will encounter a quick passing tropical rain shower and many times I got soaking wet causing my thin tops to become see-thru which of course I enjoyed. Many drivers have seen me in my wet shirts as I walked along the sidewalks beside the roads, just as I had planned. A few weeks after I found my enjoyment of getting my thin shirts wet outside, I started cropping them off. Now they were thin and short. 

After my or sometimes Adam's and my walk/jogs, I or we usually ended up at the base pool to cool off, Adam and I rented a locker there and I kept his swim-shorts and my string-tie side bikini there to change into for my swim. I never got to wear one of my thongs here because they didn't allow them because since it was a family pool there were children there sometimes. The lifeguards were usually GI's earning part-time money and they never complained when I showed up in my wet outfits to put my bikini on. A few times there weren't any kids there and they told me I could swim in what I had on. And you know I did! 

It all started one day when I showed up alone when it was raining and I stopped and talked to one them knowing he was getting and eye-full of little ole wet me. I just happened to mention that it was ashamed I had to change clothes to swim in since I was already soaking wet. When he said as long as he was concerned and as long as no kids were around, I could wear in anything I wanted to or didn't want to wear when I swam. And when I did swim in my cropped off top that day, it kept floating up above my tits, bearing them for the lifeguard watching over me. The first few times I pulled it back down and then just gave up and let it go and it usually ended up above my tits. I enjoyed knowing they were uncovered and some guy was checking them out. I told Adam that night what happen and he said he hoped it would happen when he was with me one time. 



Within a few months of my first public braless adventure, I quit wearing my bras period! I discovered I hated to wear them. I actually threw them out all but for four or five of my nicer, sexier bras which I kept in back of my underwear drawer just in case. I bought a few more short-shorts to wear and I was surprised at the large selection I had to choose from here. Long pants were hard to find. I found some really short short-shorts to wear, even shorter than my shortest cut-offs. They were so short, my ass cheeks hung out of them, I loved them! 

I bought this one pair that was so small, I had trouble finding panties to wear under them. (I found out later they were actually boy-cut panties that looked more like shorts than panties and when I found that out, I bought a few more to wear.) Adam suggested I not wear any underwear under them, I tried it and he loved it. Well, I loved it too but I didn't want him to know that. Well, that got me experimenting with not wearing panties under all my shorts. I found I liked the freedom I felt at being pantiless and I actually felt cooler in these warm temperatures so I slowly quit wearing panties too. I was becoming such a naughty girl. Walking around in public with no bra or panties on and enjoying it. 

Adam found out and congratulated me for doing it. Well, he did more than just congratulate me for it. He couldn't keep his hands off me and I liked that! After he found out what I wasn't wearing in public, we started having sex a lot more often and I liked that. So there was another plus for not wearing underwear. It makes your man hornier than normal! I found out I got kick out of wear those boy-cut panties around outside in public acting like I thought they were just short-shorts. I started to enjoy going grocery shopping now, especially when all I was wearing was a cropped off t-shirt or tank-top and a pair of my boy-cut panties and sandals while I shopped. I also started wearing them when I went for my walks/jogs around the base along with my thin, short tops. They became my favorite short-shorts; I mean panties, to wear out in public.

Over the next couple of years, we enjoyed our time in Guam. It really is a tropical paradise and it will be hard to leave when Adam's tour runs out here. I eventually threw out all my old panties and replaced them with 8 to 10 tiny thong and g-string panties which I only wore under my short skirts and dresses. All my skirts were short and a couple skirts were very short, but I found I preferred going pantiless under my knee length or longer dresses.

Then one day Adam's wish came true, we were out walking and I was wearing one of my boy-cut panties and a crop-top tank-top and over halfway through our planned jog, the bottom fell out. Adam was grinning saying it looked like I was walking round topless and then he said he hoped no one was at the pool when we got there. There wasn't, just one of the usual lifeguard, one whom has seen me swim in my wet tops a couple times. I introduced him to Adam. He looked a bit unhappy about seeing him there; I guess he thought he wouldn't be seeing my tits today. I then asked if I could still swim in what I was wearing and he smiled and perked up and said 'Sure!' I talked to him a bit as Adam put on his swim-shorts. 

When Adam appeared, I jumped in the pool with him right behind me. It felt strange swimming in the rain. A few seconds later, I felt his hands sliding around me grabbing my bare tits. I turned in his arms and gave him a hug and kiss as I made sure my tits wear uncovered so I could hug him skin to skin. I instantly felt his dick hardening against me so I wrapped my legs around him and ground my crotch against his. Seconds later, I felt his hands sliding down inside my shorts/panties and grabbing my ass cheeks. I knew I wanted to get naughty; I broke away from Adam and asked the lifeguard if it was still alright for me to take off my top if I wanted and he said I could take off anything I wanted. I smiled at him as I stood waist deep in the pool and pulled off my top and placed it near the edge. I faced him now topless and pulled down my bottoms and put them on top of my shirt. 

I walked naked back over to Adam and wrapped my legs around him and gave him a big hug as he whispered in my ear, "Is my naughty wife having fun?" I told him I was having a ton of fun. Then he asked, "Are you going to get redressed in the pool or out so he can get a better look at you." I told him I hadn't decided yet. About five minutes later as Adam was playing with my pussy and I had his dick out playing with it and seriously thinking about letting him fuck me here and now in the pool with the guy watching. A car pulled up and a family got out. Adam helped me get dress and we left without them seeing us. We were home in ten minutes and fucking in eleven. 

I did end up buying a couple thong bikinis to wear on the beach for Adam, and me too during our last year and a half there. I ordered a 'Wicked Weasel black lace g-string to surprise Adam with by wearing it on 'Tarague Beach'. There were many times I would pull a little skirt on over my thong bikini bottom and go to the store or somewhere dressed like that. 

There in Guam running around in a bikini top shopping is acceptable and I like that. Then I could go to the beach and take my skirt off and I was ready. Towards the end of Adams tour, he wanted me to get topless on the beach. I acted like I didn't want to but I had already been thinking about it for a few weeks so it didn't take much persuading to get me to do it since by this time I was already practically nude since I wearing just that black lace g-string on that public beach. At first I just laid on my towel and I found I really like lying there topless letting others see me. Before Adam's tour was done, he and I walked the entire length of 'Tarague Beach' a few times with me topless. I was so horny; I often pulled Adam into one of the beach restrooms before we had to leave and had him fuck me and twice we got naked at the far end of the beach and had sex behind some bushes.

On the trip to the USA, I wore a knee length button-up dress on the flight with the bottom four buttons undone so I could flash some leg as I walked. I removed my panties in the airplane restroom during the flight and gave them to Adam when I returned. His eyes got big when I gave him my warm, wet panties. His eyes remained big as I unbuttoned a couple more buttons and showed him my sex. I pulled a blanket down over me telling him I was getting cool and needed to be warmed up while I gave him smile and a wink. He got the message and put his hand though the split of my dress and his fingers quickly found my waiting pussy. 

We were in no hurry and he took his time to bring me to orgasm then I got his handkerchief he always carries and returned the favor by giving him a hand-job and filling his hanky with his cum. We fell asleep soon after and were awaken just before landing. Adam led the way to baggage claim as I followed. I noticed people looking at me strangely then I remembered the extra buttons undone and glanced down. Yep, it was still unbuttoned all the way to my pussy. I then felt a hot flash from my gut to my pussy. I looked down again and decided they couldn't see much and if they did it could only be a very quick flash so I decided it would be cool to just to leave it alone for now. 

Once we stopped at the baggage claims I thought of maybe buttoning at least one button. I brought to Adam's attention that I had forgotten to button my dress back up and asked if I should or not. He looked down and said he couldn't see anything and said I should just leave it alone, it looked fine. I knew better but decided to leave it anyway. Once we got into the cab to the base, I made sure to let my dress open up as I sat. You guessed it, my dress opened to above my shaved bare pussy. I did or said nothing until Adam noticed. "Whoa!" he said, "Maybe you might need to button up a couple buttons. I love what I see but this ain't Guam and I don't want you to get arrested." 

I smiled at him and said, "Oh Boo-Hoo! I like this and I'm having fun, but if you think I should, I'll do it." I didn't tell Adam but as I said that, I saw the cab driver glance in the back window at my uncovered legs and pussy as he got in behind the wheel. I felt a hot flash shot through my body when I seen he saw my pussy. As I buttoned my dress, I slid my middle finger along my slit. I was wet! I put my hand on Adam's crotch and told him I couldn't wait to get him to the motel room. I teased him all the way there and he had one of his fingers inside me all the way there too.

Luckily it was warming up in California while we were there so I could still wear my favorite clothes around but I got a few more stares here than in Guam. I couldn't get away with wearing my bikini tops or boy-cut panties into the stores here so I had to settle for t-shirts or tank tops and short-shorts while still braless. I still had a few stares at my hard nipples caused by the cold air conditioning inside the stores. The A/C was never that cold in Guam! But I enjoyed the looks and never tried to hide my bullets from view. I made it a point to wear my thinnest t-shirts and shortest skirts when I went shopping. I always wore panties under my little skirts but I didn't mine showing my bare ass cheeks when given the chance. 

The last week I went shopping there was the week before Adam got discharged from the military, I wore a thin white gauze halter top that my nipples could be seen through and my shortest jean skirt with a red g-string. While I was in the first store, I had to sudden urge to go to the bathroom. I didn't quite make it before I dampened my panties. I decided to wrap them in toilet paper and put them in my purse and that I had to go the rest of the day without my panties or buy me some. I was more excited than I have ever been, even more than the times I walked topless on the beach. 

The bottom hem of my skirt was just about 2 inches below my now uncovered pussy. I had never gone pantiless under such a short skirt in public before and was finding it nerve racking, but exciting at the same time. I got out of 'Home Depot' without any mishaps. My next planned stop was 'Walmart' where I had planned on getting just a couple things and maybe now some more panties. After getting the two things I wanted I knew there was something else I needed but couldn't remember what it was. On the way to the car a breeze across my pussy made me remember what I forgot, panties. I decided I was doing alright without them so I decided to not go back in and get them. 

The next stop was the grocery store. As I got in my car I looked down and noticed I could see my pussy and wondered if anybody could look over while I drove and seen me like this. My pussy tingled at the thought and I reached down and found myself getting wet. I drove to the grocery store with one hand as I played with my pussy with the other. I had never played with my pussy before as I drove and found it exciting and I knew it would not be my last time. I got to the store and got out pulling my skirt down to respectable length. It was as cold in that store as always and my nipples immediately got hard and I felt a chill on my wet pussy. I knew it was going to be an exciting shopping trip at that point. I careful got items off the shelves and put them in my buggy. I got more than my normal stares that day; I guess my almost sheer top and hard nipples had something to do with that. 

On the next to the last aisle there was a stockboy working and he stopped to let me pass and I notice his eyes got right to my tits. This made me feel good and naughty, so I stopped and turned to give him another look as I got a loaf of bread I really didn't need. I accidentally dropped the loaf and without thinking, squatted to pick it up. When I got hold of it I remembered I was without panties and quickly glanced up and he was looking up my skirt. As calmly as possible, I stood up and put the bread in my cart and walked away, all the time my mind was screaming. 'That guy just seen my pussy, he just seen my wet pussy and I liked it! I liked letting him see my pussy.' 


I finished shopping in a fog and headed to check out and then I noticed the same boy was now bagging my groceries. When he asked if he could take my groceries to the car for me I said 'Sure'. I was busy reliving my pussy flash to him in my head as we walked to my car. As he loaded my groceries he kept looking at me then I noticed why, for some reason I was playing with one of my nipples. I stopped once I noticed what I was doing and mumbled an apology. He said it was all fine with him and that I didn't need to stop. I flashed him a smiled then asked if he would like to see them. He just smiled and nodded his head. 

I reached behind my head and untied the string holding up the top and pulled it down to my waist right in the middle of the parking lot, baring my tits for someone other than my husband for the first time and then for good measure I lifted my skirt up and showed him my pussy again. I told him bye and walked around and climbed into the car with my skirt still up and my tits out. I drove back to our apartment just like that. I fingered myself to orgasm twice before I got to the apartment. I didn't straighten my clothing until I shut the engine down in the parking lot.

I didn't tell Adam about my exhibition episode. He'll find out when he reads this, I hope he doesn't get mad at me. This was the first and only time I had even done anything like that. The scary part is how much I enjoyed it.

We drove to Atlanta to stay with my family a couple weeks before we headed to south Florida where Adam had a job lined up for him. The Military would store and ship our stuff to us when we were ready so we just had our clothes with us. I wore a halter top and shorts the first day and I noticed how much those truckers could see of me as we passed them. I don't know how many times I put my feet up on the dash and rubbed my legs and crotch as we passed them. The next day I wore my shortest halter dress and tiny white panties. I was planning on showing those truckers my tiny panties that day. After about fifteen or twenty truckers had seen me, one of them blew their horn. Adam looked over at me and said, "Looks like you're having fun flashing your panties to those truckers aren't you baby?" 

I told him that I was, and then he surprised me when he said, "Then why don't drop your top and show them those pretty tits of yours just like you did on the beach that day? I know you had fun doing that." I asked him if he was really serious and would he get mad at me if I did do it. He said that if I was willing to try it, he promised he wouldn't get mad at me. I didn't give it second thought as I untied my top and let it fall to my waist. I was now riding down the interstate topless with Adam smiling ear to ear next me.

I rode along topless like that for a couple hours enjoying all the double takes, smiles and horn blowing from the truckers. We decided to stop for gas, food, and restroom break so I regrettably retied my top. Adam said he was tired of driving and asked me to drive a while. We no more had got up to speed when he reached over and untied my top and uncovered my tits saying I looked better dressed that way. It was cool driving topless; I had more than a few shocked looks my way. I had to pull into a rest area a couple hours later to pee and stretch. 

Adam said he would drive again but that he would like to see me sitting beside him in nothing but my panties. I was so enjoying myself and my public exposure that day so far, I was pulling my dress off in the parking lot before just before I climbed into the car. It is hard to explain how I felt riding around naked except for my tiny thing panties. I was tempted to take off my panties too but something deep inside held me back from doing that. I stayed that way until we reached our motel and got myself dressed. 

The next day I wore a red tank-top and white short-shorts, we figured we should reach Atlanta a little after noon and I wanted to be reasonably dressed for my parents. Adam said I looked fine in them but that if I wanted to take them off at any time while he was driving it would be fine with him. As soon as we pulled out of the 'Waffle House' next to the motel, the top came off. We stopped in a rest area near Birmingham and as we pulled out the top came off again. I was really enjoying this riding around topless deal. Adam then told me to go ahead and take my shorts off too. I told him I had no panties on. He smiled and said that was even better, I could ride around completely naked then. 

I was shocked and happy he suggested it. I started pulling them down and stopped and asked him if he was sure. He nodded his head and said 'Yes' so I took them the rest of the way off. The sun just so happen to be coming in the window at that time and I felt its warmth on my pussy area. I pushed the seat back and enjoyed my total nudity for a bit. Adam said it looked like we were coming up on a convoy or something. I looked up and as far as I could see there was nothing but trucks in the right lane, miles of them! I laid back and put my feet on the dash and spread them a bit and looked at Adam and smiled at him as I said, "Let the show begin!" Almost every one of those trucks tooted their horns as we pasted them. It was a blast, and then I started getting very horny and started to finger fuck myself as we drove by those trucks. After I came I looked at Adam and told him he needed to find a place to fuck me.

The next exit looked like a barely used one so he pulled off and pulled back under the interstate bridge and pull over. He opened the passenger door leaving it open as put me across the hood after put a towel between me and the hot hood and he went all the way inside me on the first thrust I was so wet. It didn't take either one of us to cum. I knelt down and cleaned him up with my tongue before I put the towel on my seat and we were off again. Satisfied and still naked, I feel asleep as Adam headed eastbound on I-20. 

We found my parents place around 3pm and I was fully dressed and looked none the better for wear. Adam and I excused ourselves around 9pm and headed to bed saying we were tired after such a long drive. We finally fell asleep exhausted around midnight. 

For the next couple weeks nothing much happened. I behaved myself more or less, I still didn't wear a bra while we were there and I notice my mother didn't wear one everyday either, but I did wear my more conservative tops around the house. Then one Friday night my parents suggested that Adam and I go have fun filled day at 'Six Flags over Georgia'. We looked at each other and told them that sounded like a good idea then we got on the internet and found out what time they opened and how much the tickets were. We went to bed and Adam suggested I dress a little naughty tomorrow, he said I should wear my very short jean skirt and a small halter top. I told him I liked the idea but I really needed to wear something other than just underwear under the skirt since the skirt was so short that every time I sat my crotch would be uncovered and in view. He said in that case, I should wear my old black bikini bottoms under it. I told him that would work and that now we have a plan.

My mom raised her eyebrows when she seen me in my little jean skirt and yellow halter-top when we came down for breakfast and I showed her my bikini I had on underneath. I was aware my top was a little thin but that had never stopped me from wearing it in public before and as I looked in the mirror I could see my nipples through it and I decided it would be best to put the bikini-top on before going down for breakfast. But once we were in the car and on the way there, it came off. I knew we were going to have a fun day when I seen all the roller-coasters from down the road. 

On the very first ride we got on, I noticed two young teenage boys looking up my skirt. The first thing I thought was I wish I had brought along a pair of black underwear to change into when we left the house. Oh well, let them look, at least they 'think' they are seeing my panties. One thing that did surprise me was that Adam had noticed the boys looking too and whispered in my ear if I wished I had worn panties instead. I guess he knows me better than I thought he did, so I whispered back "Maybe". 

Just before noon we took a break and had something to eat. Adam had worn some beige cargo shorts that had a lot of pockets on them. He had planned ahead and had put his wallet and our extra cash in zip-lock baggies to keep them dry on the water rides. I had just finished my meal when he reached into one of the pockets and told me I should put these on and bring him back my bikini bottoms. I looked in my hands and my darling husband had given me my black thong panties. I remember smiling at him and saying, 'OK, if you really want me to." I think it would have surprised him if he only knew how much I wanted to. 

I was enjoying letting everybody see the crotch of my panties as I sat now. I didn't even try to hide my panty covered crotch from view. I actually wanted to show it off. I know Adam was enjoying it too because he kept squeezing and rubbing my ass. A couple times he reached under the back of my skirt and rubbed my bare ass. The second time I felt his hands go under my skirt we were in one of the waiting lines, I just turned and faced him and gave him a big kiss and then I felt him lift the back of my skirt and then both his hands grabbed a bare ass cheek. He had never grabbed me like that before in public, I loved it! 

My skirt and butt got wet on that ride so we decided to sit and rest a bit and have some cold sodas to drink, when Adam reached in his pockets again and said, "Those panties are wet, why don't you take them off and go put these on and bring those back to me. I took them and stood up telling him his wish was my command before I even looked at what he gave me. They were my tiny light blue g-string panties. I remember smiling to myself as I thought of how see-thru they were going to be when they got wet. Now my pussy started tingling knowing it would finally be noticed by strangers' eyes. When I returned, I kissed him as I gave him my wet, black panties and then I took his hand and led him towards the rapids ride saying, "Let the fun begin!"

Adam let me get on the big round tube first and I immediately noticed three young men sitting together and turned so I could sit almost directly across from them. I looked right at them from behind the mirrored shades I was wearing and as I sat and lifted my skirt a little and I seen all three look up my little skirt at my tiny panties. I casually left my legs apart letting them get a good look at my thin panties. The first time Adam and I rode this ride this morning, we just got a little splashed but this time Adam and I went directly under the waterfall and got totally soaked! I looked down and my tits could be easily seen though my now almost transparent top and it looked like my panties were gone! There was just a light blue hue over my shaved bare pussy and my slit could be easily seen. Adam looked at me smiling saying I looked like a young mans' wet dream. I looked over at my three admirers, smiled at them and said, "It looks like I got more than a little bit wet. I sure hope you all don't mine what you're seeing but what you may not believe is that I'm having a lot of fun showing it too!"

We got off the ride along with my admirers. They asked where we were headed next and Adam told them the roller-coaster next door. They said they were too and asked if we minded if they went along with us. I told them 'No' that I would enjoy their company. Truth is, I was enjoying their stares. I was pretty well worked up as it was and I was glad they wanted to stay with me, I mean us. There was a short line but Adam still had time to lift the back of my skirt once and let my three young men see my bare ass as he rubbed it. Adam asked me if I was going to lift my skirt again before I sat down. Boy! This guy was seeing everything to day. I kissed him on the cheek and told him, "Maybe. It all depends if it is a girl or a guy checking to see if the lap-bars are latched." Once we in front of the line I leaned towards Adam and whispered, "It's a guy!" 

As soon as I bent to sit, I lifted my skirt enough to sit on my bare ass causing skirt to be more around my waist than my hips, thus leaving my panties completely uncovered for anyone's viewing. I immediately felt Adam's hand rubbing my crotch. I almost came right there. He only got four or five strokes in before the guy checking the lap-bars came our way. Luckily we were in the last row, our new friends had to catch the next train and when he got here he stop and froze staring right at my still wet panties. The train lurched forward and as soon as we started to climb upwards, Adam reached over and pulled my panties to one-side and put one of his wonderful fingers inside my pussy. I soon came and I came hard, screaming as I came but my screaming was hidden among the other screaming girl on the ride. I felt Adam withdraw his finger and I opened my eyes and seen we were pulling back into the station. When the bars unlocked, the cute guy was there ready to help me out. He was looking at my panties again as I stood up and pulled my skirt down and it was then that I thought, 'Were my panties back over my pussy or did that guy just get a bare pussy shot.' Either way I didn't care.

As soon as we got away from the ride I needed to go pee and more. Once I finished and dried my pussy off, I reached for my wet panties then stopped and thought, 'Since they are wet, maybe it would be more exciting just to go without them the rest of the day plus it would be fun to see the look on Adam's face when I give them to him and he realizes I'm not wearing any panties under my tiny jean skirt. That's what I did, his mouth dropped open and eyes got big when he realized what I had given him and how I was now dressed. I took his hand in mine and said, "Let's go ride that roller-coaster ride again and maybe you'll have enough time to get me off again." Once we got in line it was soon obvious to me my male lap-bar guy was still there and this time he would be getting a look at my bare pussy this time. My pussy was already tingling and then Adam said, "It looks like my naughty little wife is going to have her bare pussy looked at by another man and I don't think she is going to mine in the least!" The guy stopped in his tracks when he noticed my lack of panties this time. I just smiled at him and gave a little wave. Adam had his fingers in my pussy before we had completely exited the loading platform. I was so excited from just showing a stranger my pussy; I came well before we finished the ride. 

We had to walk all the way to the other side of the park to get to another roller-coaster I wanted to ride and show-off on and as soon as we started our walk, my three admirers appeared and asked where we were headed to now. I quickly told them and asked if they wanted to go along. Of course I knew they would. I was getting more excited with every step, I could still feel my juices running down my legs from my last orgasm and knowing what I was soon going to be doing and the way I was presently dressed around 4 hunky men and only one knew I was pantiless, I was on an euphoric high . I knew my pussy and crotch were cover by only one to two inches of skirt and whoever checked to lock-bars on those cars would soon be seeing my bare pussy. I was so hoping it was a guy again.

When we got to the line for the coaster, I noticed the station was on a raised platform. That meant that there would be steps to climb and anyone behind be would have the opportunity to look up my skirt and see my bare ass and pussy. My pussy started tingling again when I my new friends were going to be seeing my pussy real soon and this excited me. I actually now wanted to give them every opportunity to get a good look at my pussy. I just hoped they would be discrete about it and that Adam would be cool and understand my need to do this. 

The line stopped once and Adam and I just happened to be on the top step and out friends where on the next three stops below us. I turned my back to face Adam and without any hint from me; he reached up and grabbed both my tits. My right hand seemed to have a mind of its' own went right under my skirt to my pussy. This lasted only two or three seconds but it was enough time for the boys to notice I no longer had my underwear on. Well there were only a few steps to climb but a few ramps that ziz-zag upwards back and forth. I'm sure a few people back in line were able to see up my skirt through the railings since I didn't try to prevent them from seeing anything. 

Once we made to the front of the line, I noticed it was definitely a guy checking the bars but the cars were four seats wide. That meant I would be sitting between two guys. I was actually a bit upset at that because it meant I probably wouldn't get my pussy fingered. My three friends decided which two would be seated in the row with me and Adam. So to the one riding along I took his hand and slipped it under my top and let him have a quick touch of my tit, he was happy with that. I don't know why I did that. No one but Adam has ever touched me. I guess my pussy was taking control of all my self-control. I glance over at Adam after removing his hand and he had a big smiled on his face where I expected to see a look of anger on his face. I was relieved and surprised at his reaction.

We climbed in the car with Adam on the outside and me next to him and the cuties of our friends next to me. I lifted my skirt and sat on my bare ass with just a little bit my pussy was in view. This time however, we were in the front row! When the train moved out, the floor fell away and left my feet dangling. Suddenly I felt Adam's hand on my right leg sliding up to my crotch and then a finger searching for my pussy. I sure wasn't expecting him to still be willing to finger me with another guy right next to me but I also sure wasn't going to stop him; I was just too horny to care anymore. 

After a few seconds of wonderful fingering, I felt another hand sliding up and down my other leg. Oh God, this feels great! It wasn't long before I came again. My friends' hand had just made its way to my crotch and I came hard, slamming my legs together trapping both hands on my pussy and screaming as I came. As I relaxed, I spread my legs a bit and both hands withdrew, and the wind blowing against my wet pussy felt good and it had also blown my skirt way up, I just left it there. When we entered the station, there were three guys standing there waiting for the train to stop. I guess the first guy told his two buddies about the slut flashing her pussy and they wanted to see for themselves. I calmly as possible I sat there with my skirt still up, smiling at them until they unlocked the lap-bar. Still smiling at them, I reached down and rubbed my pussy as I stood up. I looked at the looks of shock and astonishment on their faces, savoring every second of it. Maybe I was becoming a little bit of an exhibitionist slut and that was alright with me.

Adam told me to say good-bye to our friends as it was time to go. I gave them all hugs and noticed all three we sporting hard-ons which made me hug them a little harder. After they left, I told Adam about their hard-on and he said, "What else could you expect? They seem to be healthy young men and I bet every one of them would love to fuck you right about now but you are going to have to wait until I get you home." But in my mind I was already thinking where we could hide a few minutes so I could fuck him. 

Just before we got to the exit, I saw a woman pushing an older man in a wheelchair out a door. It was a handicap family restroom. I grabbed Adam's hand and pulled him inside and locked the door. I pulled up my skirt and bent over the sink and told him he had better fuck me hard and now or I was going to scream bloody hell and tell everybody he had forced me in here. I got the fucking I needed and I felt a lot better. We quickly left the park and I felt Adam's cum slowly running down the insides of my legs as we slowly walked to the car holding hands. I asked him if he was upset with me in any way by the way I acted like a slut today. He stopped grabbed hold of both shoulders and looked at me as he said, "Hell no! I loved the way you misbehaved today. It may have been a bit slutty but that doesn't make you a slut. To me you were just my wife being a bit naughty by showing off your body which I loved and hope you do it for me more often." It was a great day! 

With Adam's encouragement, I have started wearing no panties under my skirts more and more often. Since we have moved to the 'Cape Coral' area of Florida, I practically live in my bikini again and more than once I have worn 'only' my bikini top and a little short skirt to the store and have flashed many a bag-boy as I put groceries in the car. Adam now knows of my enjoyment of exhibitionism and happily accepts it and even encouraging doing it. We usually end up screwing as I tell him of my latest exhibitionist adventure he missed. He has purchased me a few very sheer tops to wear out and I am more than happy to wear them for him. 

He really loves it when I wear the very short halter-dress I wore on the trip from California. Except now I don't wear anything under it. Being as short as it is, it is very easy to show my bare ass when I bend over just a little bit. He likes me to wear it when we go out to lunch or dinner in one of the many snack-bars or restaurants along the beach. I love letting someone look up my little dress at my bare, bald pussy as I'm eating and he love for me to tell him as I'm doing it.

I'm definitely not the shy girl he married back in Vermont. I am Adam's slutty exhibitionist and loving every second of it!

