Sharon's Holiday Invitation
by Isabella for Sarah &Rob in Kent

Hi, my name is Sarah; I'd like to tell you this little story about my first holiday with an old school friend Sharon! I'm thirty-eight, married to Rob, forty, a great man, great father, great lover..... well, at forty he is still a great lover just not as often as he once was. We have two great kids, well behaved, doing great at school, not a moment's trouble, removes rose tinted spectacles.

I had known Sharon at school; she was two years ahead of me at 'Our Lady of the Sacred Heart's School for Girls' in Maidstone in Kent. Sharon was head girl of her year, Captain of the Hockey them, plaid La Cross, Netball, Tennis, Participated in the track and field teams, and I had a huge crush on her to put it mildly.

I had kept in touch with Sharon, I'm sure that she knew that I had the crush, but then I wasn't the only one, at school there was always a trail of younger girls following her around. Sharon was successful in business but always seemed to be alone, from the outset I knew that there would never be a man in her life, but I had assumed that there would be a woman at some point.

Anyway, Rob was the kind of character that I loved, right off, the kind of man who would say yes to anything that I wanted to try, for example, one year I got the urge to try folk dancing, he hated folk music and he hated most of the people who seemed to be into folk music, but as soon as I told him I wanted to try it, we were signed in to a course of lessons at night school, he didn't mind doing it, but if he was going to do it, he was going to do it well, 'Just an example of the kind of man he was, but he was that way in everything he did!'

Last year I got the urge to try a cruise, everyone we knew had started cruising and I would sit enraptured listening to their stories. Rob wasn't too keen on boats, he didn't like water and was as happy as Larry when they finally opened the Channel Tunnel and he could finally take the car over to the continent. Once again, as soon as I told him, he was all for it, just because it was what I wanted to do.

Sharon dropped by on the spur of the moment, I had just received the information pack from the cruise company and was checking through it when she arrived, she was looking over my shoulder, "Why have you chosen room two-two-seven-five, you cheapskate?" I explained that it wasn't the cost, well; I knew that the cost was part of the issue, but as Rob was uncomfortable with sea travel, I had researched the ship, 'The Empress of India', and the rooms that moved least in rough seas were amidships on the second deck.

"The outward leg from Southampton to the Caribbean is four days across the Atlantic Ocean, if it was even slightly rough that crossing can be hell!" "Mmmm, the Caribbean, now that sounds lovely, dam, I need a holiday!" Sharon bent the top of the letter I was reading from the cruise line company and took out her mobile phone and called the number, as the phone was ringing she covered the mouthpiece of her phone, "You wouldn't mind if I tagged along on your trip would you?" I shook my head.

As I have already said, I had this massive crush on her s a child and the thought of spending a ten day holiday on the same boat as her did give me butterflies in my stomach. Even if Rob was there, well, Rob liked Sharon too, she was different to me, she actually came over as very masculine, short hair style did nothing to soften her appearance but then there was her breasts, she was skinny and very tall nut with disproportionately large breasts. My best features were my long and shapely legs and tight butt, the rest of me was packaged in a very sexy voluptuous body but I was shorter than Sharon, not that that was important.

Sharon asked for a cabin with a balcony, she asked if the ship moored with one side to the dock usually, apparently the grand entrance was on the starboard side so they always tried to moor up with that side to the port. Sharon asked for a cabin on the port side so that when the ship was in the harbour she would be looking across the open water instead of at office blocks and factory buildings, she booked for one passenger and didn't care at all about the cost, just rattled off her credit card number to pay for the three thousand pounds.

"Wasn't there someone you could have invited to share with? You know that two people sharing a cabin is only a few pounds more than a single person?" "Yes I know, but you are my only friend, and you are already going!" I wanted to ask why there wasn't a boyfriend or girlfriend but I stopped myself, I knew that she worked a six day week, probably close to eighty hours every week. I didn't know if it was one of those 'Catch Twenty-Two things', works too hard to have a lover or works too hard because she didn't have a lover!

The kids, my wonderful children, well, my parents had taken our children on holiday with them for a week or two, every year since they were toddlers, the kids loved their time away from us with their grandparents who spent their holiday spoiling them, so much so that it took me three months after to beat them back into line, but the kids loved the holiday and Rob and I loved out time alone.

On the day of our holiday, we met Sharon at Southampton docks; she had been working in the morning in London and almost had to miss the holiday because of a problem at work. Sharon had a bell-hop take her four large suitcases to her cabin, Rob and I were pointed across the ship to a lift and told to go down three decks, I got the feeling that what he wanted to say was, when your feet get wet, you're there.

Well, disappointment wasn't the word, I needed to find a much stronger word than that, the room was small, dingy and dank, the beds, two single steel sided 'Cots' felt like they were stuffed with bags of cement, I sat on one bed and then looked at the floor, the carpet looked scruffy and threadbare but it looked like it would have been a dam sight more comfortable than the bed to sleep on.

We just left the suitcases in the middle of the floor and headed up from beneath the waves, we had arranged with Sharon to have our evening meal in the stern restaurant so that we could watch England slip away behind us as we Left Southampton and headed for our four day trip south across the Atlantic, we expected to see nothing but ocean until we neared Florida, and then only if the sea was rough and the ship had to go close in to land for protection.

On our way up to the seventh floor restaurant we stopped off at the guest services office, not to complain so much as to ask if there were any other cabins available on deck three or four. You might know it though, with our luck, the ship was totally full, it always was on the Southampton to Barbados leg of the cruise, all those people who wanted to go to the Caribbean but hated flying.

The meal was lovely, leaving Southampton at twilight was so romantic, even if we were sharing that view with a third person, as we slipped past Portsmouth and began the slow turn southward to round the Isle of White. The food was fantastic, the service was definitely five stars, and the surroundings were opulent, for a few hours we totally forgot about the crappy room that I had chosen.

After dinner, we went to the Piano bar to listen to a little light Jazz and have a drink, at nine o'clock we went to the concert room to see the early show and at ten o'clock we headed off to the Casino, Sharon was flagging at eleven o'clock, she had worked long hours to clear all of her work so that she could take this holiday and the long hours finally caught up with her. When she realised that Rob and I were not eager to return to our 'Cell' she looked very surprised, "I want to see your room before I go to bed please!"

Sharon was disgusted when she saw and smelled our room, there was another thing too, the noise of the engine was all pervasive, there was a constant, teeth rattling. Vibration throughout the room, Sharon put her hand on the bed, "No wonder they had to make the bed so hard, any filling material would be shaken to the bottom and the springs would poke through in no time!" Sharon opened the door to our bathroom and just burst out laughing, "My bathroom is bigger than your whole cabin!"

I was starting to get a little upset with Sharon, she had always had more money than us, she didn't have the expense of children either, I let my usual calm slip slightly, "Look here Shaz, we don't all have unlimited funds you know...." I was cut short by Sharon holding up her hands in surrender, she knew that I only called her Shaz when I was pissed at her, so not at all often, "I didn't mean anything by that comment, it's just, when was the last time you two slept in separate beds?" Rob said, "The night before our wedding!" "Exactly, now I know that it wouldn't be ideal, but I have this massive apartment on the eleventh floor, huge emperor sized bed, we could all bunk in together up there, it's a long way from the noise and vibration of the engine room!"

I knew that Rob had always fancied Sharon, I also knew that it worried him, Sharon was, after all, more masculine than most men we knew, Rob was worried that, just because she had tits didn't really make her a woman, he worried that he may have slight homosexual tendencies for fancying her, so he fought the urge.

"Look, we're all adults, you two could sleep down here, if you could actually sleep with all the noise and smells and the concrete beds or we could all just bunk in together in my room, learn to live with each other for ten days!"

Rob's hand was already on the handle of our large suitcase, and he was starting to tilt it backwards on to its wheels, my stomach was doing back-flips, I didn't realise that I still had such deep feelings for Sharon, the old memories came flooding back, the old feelings, I had never actually acted on any of those feelings, well, not with anyone else, I remembered how I had once masturbated while running the picture in my mind of Sharon walking into the changing rooms after a rain swept Hockey match, she was covered in mud, she just strode into the room, Hockey stick over her shoulder, she stripped, right there in the middle of the room and walked into the showers, she was the only girl I had ever seen do that, most of us hid, we scuttled into the changing area, made ourselves as small as possible while we undressed, then hid behind towels, only becoming totally naked at the entrance to the showers.

I had never seen anyone walk as tall and proudly as Sharon had done, I felt my face blush as I remembered bringing myself off to that mental video clip. Rob was at the door, case trundling behind him, Sharon called out, "Sarah, hay Sarah, you OK darling?" I shook my head, shook the image of me, on my bed, knees wide and raised, back arching off the bed. I had never replayed that day in my head, it had frightened me so much, it wasn't the first time I had masturbated but it was the first time I had driven myself beyond my orgasm, it felt at the time like I was going to go on frigging myself for the rest of my life thinking about Sharon.

"Huh! What, sorry, no, I'm OK!" "You need a hand with anything?" I grabbed the smaller suitcase and my vanity case and followed on behind Rob, "You guys didn't even have a fridge in your cabin, where do they put your bottle of Champaign?" Sharon took us past the amidships elevators, took us closer to the bows, the lifts at that end of the ship were far more ornate than ours, one lift didn't have a call button, it had a room-key slot, Sharon slipped her key in the slot and the lift came down to our deck.

"You guys will have to take the regular lift to the tenth and walk up the last flight of steps unless I can arrange more keys for you!"

Sharon's room was palatial; her bed was larger than our whole cabin as was her bathroom, with a shower built for two, two huge wardrobes and two chests of draws. As it was midnight, Sharon suggested we just get our night clothes out of our case and leave the rest until morning. Rob and I both looked at each other, I knew my face was red but I hadn't expected to see that Rob had a hint of red in his cheeks too.

"I see, you sleep naked too, I was going to slip a long t-shirt on but I know I won't sleep if I'm constricted like that!" Rob and I just looked at each other and shook our heads, I hadn't slept in a nighty since I was single, I don't think Rob had ever used pyjamas in his life.

"Look, we're all adults, I'm sure that we've all seen naked bodies before, we'll just have to control our bestial urges!" Sharon was laughing now as she looked at our obvious discomfort. Rob asked if either of us girls wanted the bathroom, "Not tonight, I'll shower in the morning!" Sharon said, I shook my head too, "Well then, I'll go and use the bathroom while you two get into bed, just turn off the lights when you're in!"

Rob popped into the bathroom and closed the door, I started to undress, I had my back to Sharon, boy was I glad that we girls didn't have the visual disadvantage that men had when they were turned on, my nipples were trying to give me away but that could also be the night chill in the room, Sharon had left the huge double doors open on to her private balcony. I had my back to Sharon but I needn't have bothered, I was looking straight at a four foot square mirror opposite the foot of the bed. I was looking intently at Sharon as she undressed behind me and she was staring at my back as I undressed.

I had to stifle a gasp as Sharon stood there, totally naked, I was blushing so much that the red was reaching right down to my hips. I was naked, my left arm across my breasts and my right hand covering my lower hair, OK, I was staring at Sharon and that didn't bother me at all but seeing her staring back at me, that was making me feel uncomfortable, and the stance, she stood there, hands on her hips, legs slightly apart, head held high, she was making herself as big as possible and I was trying to make myself disappear, as small as possible.

Sharon's breasts were amazing, if I hadn't known her for the last thirty something years I would have swore that they were silicone enhanced, then I realised that she was even more muscular than I had remembered from school, almost every muscle on her body was defined, she almost looked like a comedy body builder, well toned, well tanned but with elephantitus of the pectoral muscles. What I hadn't realised was, Sharon had taken to fitness training as a way of ridding herself of her frustrations of a loveless life.

"Well?" Sharon's voice smashed through the silence between us, the way she was standing I thought she was asking what I thought of her body, "What?" "Well, shouldn't we get into bed and turn the light out?" I was jolted out of my frozen state, I turned, my embarrassment and discomfort was doubled now that I was looking straight at her body instead of at her reflection, she pulled the duvet back on the right side of the bed and moved slowly, almost cat like onto the bed, I went to the left side and dived under the covers as quickly as possible.

It seemed to take an age for Sharon to finish getting into bed, I watched every movement from the security of the duvet, just getting into bed seemed to be like an act of love to Sharon, eventually she was in and under the covers and the light turned out. As soon as the room was in darkness the bathroom door opened and Rob ran into the room and took a flying leap onto the bed. If he had tried that in our own cabin he would have smashed his knee caps.

Sharon whispered in my ear, "Well, I've never slept with anyone before, I don't know what the etiquette is, do we kiss good night, hug or just shake hands!" I didn't know what to do really, didn't know whether to laugh or jump out of bed and run. I turned slightly onto my right hand side to give Sharon a hug, her arm slipped under my neck and she gathered me into her arms, this was the closest I had ever been to another naked woman in my life, this was no quick hug, this was lingering, very lingering.

"Hey, what's going on over there?" Rob whispered, "I'm just giving Sarah a goodnight hug!" "Oh, we should have done that before I got undressed!" "Don't be silly!" Sharon pushed me back on to my back and she began to slither her lithe body over mine. Her right knee straddled my hips, her abdomen pressing against mine, her belly against my belly, her breasts against mine and then her lips, brushing against mine, like the touch of a butterfly's wings. I gasped in a breath, my mind was on tilt, emotional overload was setting in, and then she slithered off the other side. I felt the bed move as Sharon turned to face Rob, I was both glad and sad that the sky was so cloudy over the Atlantic, that there was no moon, I could hear and feel the movement's but couldn't see a thing.

I realised that I was slightly jealous, not that Sharon was mow pressing her body against my husband's body the way she had just pressed it against mine, the fact that they were kissing, again, not just a quick peck but it sounded like a full on kiss to me, no, I was jealous that Rob was touching Sharon, that really frightened me!

"You naughty boy, you've wet my stomach now!" Sharon whispered as she rolled away from Rob, then she was back to me, she took my hand and placed a finger against the wet spot on her stomach, "Look what Rob did to me, I think he needs you to take care of something for him!" Then she giggled as she climbed back over my body, again, slowly, deliberately rubbing Rob's pre-cum from her belly and on to mine, again she kissed me gently as she crossed over my body.

Rob was so turned on that he rolled over against my side, he prodded my hip with his cock, it was iron hard, felt longer and fatter than I could ever remember feeling it before, mind you, it had been a while since we last had sex, after so many years of marriage we just seemed to bumble along having sex on high days and holidays, and not particularly spectacular sex at that, from the feeling pressing against my hip and the feeling of the hot sticky pre-cum oozing from the eye of his cock, Rob was in the mood to make up for it right now,

I was trying to push Rob away, he was pleading with me in almost silent whispers, he reached for my hand and wrapped my fingers around his cock and then started to fuck into my hand, shaking me from side to side and the rest of the bed at the same time. "Oh for god's sake you two, for Christ sake get on and fuck, get it over with so we can all get some sleep, it's not as if I can see anything and I do know that married people do it!"

Rob didn't need telling twice and even if I had tried to stop him it would have been fruitless, he was on top and drilling for cum-oil, he was putting so much effort into his drilling that it was obvious that he was looking for a wild-cat strike. I was totally shocked and stunned that I was lying there allowing my husband to fuck me with Sharon just a few inches away.

I was already well on the road to a memorable climax, Rob had forced my knees wide apart and my feet were pulled up slightly giving him the best possible access and me the deepest feeling possible, then I accidently bumped my right knee against Sharon, she reached down and gently stroked my knee, then I felt the bed bounce slightly more than rob was bouncing it and Sharon's face slipped right at the side of mine, as she kissed my cheek she slipped her thigh over my knee and I felt hot warm folds of flesh pressing hard against my bony knee-cap.

As my own climax raced to volcanic proportions, Sharon started to gasp through her own orgasm, she got animated, she pushed Rob slightly, her face now replacing Robs above mine and as Rob was spurred on to even greater heights of speed and force Sharon lip locked me in deep and passionate kissing until I felt Rob's whole body jerking as his spunk fired off into my belly, he fell on top of me gasping for air, spent and sweating all over me, Sharon eased him off of me and her hand replaced Rob's cock, her palm pressing down on my pussy mound as her middle and third finger slipped into my cunt, she was crushing my knee under her own pussy, grinding her clitoris down hard against me as she drove me to even higher heights in my orgasm.

I was so confused by the whole thing, I needed to talk through my feelings, needed to get my head around exactly what had just happened but it was almost two o'clock, Rob was already sleeping and both Sharon and I were totally spent, so we both went to sleep.

The next time I moved it was eight o'clock in the morning, Rob was still sleeping, Sharon wasn't in bed, she was out on the balcony, totally naked out in the cool chill of the early morning sun, she saw me looking at her, "Mmmm, I love being naked outside, come and join me!" I slipped out of the bed and joined her on the balcony, she was totally naked, I had the towel that Rob had used the night before to wrap around my body, it was stupid I knew, there was no one who could see us for about four hundred miles but I wasn't ready to show my body off to the sun just at that moment.

Sharon kissed me, unwrapped me, I tried to stop her but she was much stronger than me, at a guess she was stronger than Rob and me put together. Rob woke up as Sharon lifted my whole body off of the floor with two fingers in my pussy, her lips were fixed to mine, her tongue deep in my mouth, my full seven stone pressing down on my clitoris as Sharon shook my body rapidly forward and back, rocketing me to an instant orgasm.

I knew that Sharon was looking at Rob as she drove me wild with her fingers even though my back was to my husband, don't ask how I knew, I just did. When Sharon had finished impressing Rob with Her show of strength, fitness and control over me, Sharon dropped me back on to the floor, "I'll go and get us a table, I'm sure that you two need a little privacy to discuss things!"

Sharon slipped a simple oblong of material over her head, there was a slit for her head in the centre of it and each corner was caught together, just beneath her armpits there was a button on each side, I would rather have died than go out in public dressed in so little but she looked great in it. As soon as she left the room Rob was at me, he was once again hard as a rock and wanted to fuck, I had to refuse him for the first time in my life, I was far too sore for sex.

"You can't leave me like this, it's cruel!" I got on the bed at his side, I took his cock in my hand and began to masturbate him, he was close in an instant, he pushed me onto my back and walked on his knees along my body, just as he was shooting off all over my tits and face Sharon opened the door, "Sorry, the maid saw me leaving the room and was coming down to make up the room, I needed to warn you or put the do not disturb sign on the door!" Sharon stood smiling as she watched me getting my facial and tits covered, "No need to stop her if you guys are finished now, come on, slip some clothes on and come to breakfast!"

We ate breakfast, Sharon had almost every man in the restaurant drooling over the way she was dressed and almost every woman hating her for the same reason. Rob spent most of the time dripping food down himself because he couldn't take his eyes off of her either he even asked me, while Sharon went off to look for some chocolate muffins at the buffet counter, if I had ever thought of dressing like that in public. "Only in your dreams buster!" Was the only response I could think of, of course Rob had an advantage over the rest of the men in the restaurant, he wasn't wondering how little Sharon had on under her strange poncho, he knew that there was nothing on under it at all.

After breakfast we wandered around the ship looking for somewhere to sit and chat or whatever, Cruise ships are massive and have dozens of different rooms to sit in to read, drink, chat or play cards, there was usually tons of space on the ship during the day as people were usually ashore but on this cruise, we were all forced to wander the ship because no one could get off the ship for four days, until we reached Barbados.

We reached the pool deck eventually, I found two unoccupied loungers, they weren't next to each other of course, that would be too much to hope for. Rob was chatting to two guys, I had a half thought that he might have been bragging about spending the night in bed with both of us but that was just my fantasy. Rob came over, "These two men are looking for a fourth to play cribbage with them in the games room, so if you two don't mind, I'll be over there with them!"

Sharon wasn't impressed with the crowded sundeck or swimming pool at all, "I need to do some serious sunbathing!" She said, I pointed out the two loungers; she shook her head, "Too crowded by far here, come with me!" My hand was grabbed, Sharon towed me over to the bar and got two half pint glasses, one full of rum, the other full of coke, we picked up a whole lemon from the breakfast fruit display and headed back up to the eleventh floor.

At the room, I was dispatched to the ice machine outside the steward's pantry, when I returned, Sharon had swapped the table and chairs from the balcony with the mattress off of her huge bed, the mattress fitted out on the balcony as if it had been made for it. Two towels were spread out over the bed and Sharon stripped her poncho off, she forced me to undress too, much against my will, I was willing to get into a swimsuit or even a bikini but I really didn't want to go nude.

I was given a bottle of sun oil, Sharon asked me to oil her body, it took an age because she insisted that I oiled every nook and cranny of her body, then she did the same for me. "Having the sun on my body always makes me horny, and I hate to masturbate alone!" With that, Sharon leaped on my body and started to fuck me, she was on top, her left leg between my thighs, she encouraged me to raise my left knee, then as she humped her cunt against my raised knee and her left thigh was crushing down on my pussy.

Now this is just an observation but when you fuck with a man, you know that there is an end game, he will fuck for an unspecified time but once he shoots and scores, you know that it's all over, as soon as his swimmers have left the starting blocks, he's ready to turn over and break into snoring.

I started to orgasm at ten thirty in the morning and was still gasping for air at one o'clock, another difference between straight sex and lesbian sex, in straight sex only one partner has multiple orgasms, chained one on the end of another, Sharon and I were both gasping and verbalising our pleasure for the whole two hours. I just hoped that our neighbours on either side of the cabin were out or they would have been forced to complain.

Rob opened the door just after one o'clock, he was hungry, he could have gone off to lunch on his own but I was really glad that he came to the cabin instead, I was glad because it was probably the only reason Sharon stopped fucking me. I was totally spent, forgive the pun, I was fucked. I couldn't believe my eyes, Sharon had climaxed just as often as I had, she had put far more effort into the act than I had, she had taken the dominant role, and the fact that she was still ticking over, still looking for more sex. Sharon was really disappointed that I wanted to stop, wanted to shower and head off for food, I threw a comment at her, "If you still need more, why don't you fuck him while I shower!" There was a wicked glint in Sharon's eye and as I walked to the bathroom I saw her wrestle Rob down on to the mattress out on the balcony and start to fuck him.

They were still going at it when I finished drying and dressing for lunch. Rob was the first man that Sharon had ever had sex with, mind you, from where I was standing it looked more like a fight than a fuck. Sharon kept trying to dominate Rob and Rob preferred to be in charge during sex, I heard Rob started to get close to his climax, "Rob, don't cum in her, she won't have protection!" I was too late, Rob was already filling her loving cup to the brim.

Rob and Sharon showered together and dressed, this time Sharon was dressed slightly more appropriately, as we walked down the passageway towards the lift Sharon had linked her arm in mine, "You shouldn't have let Rob cum in you, he could make you pregnant!" "Your warning was too late; he had already filled me once before you got out of the shower!"

In the lift Sharon kissed me on the lips, full on, fully passionately, then she kissed Rob the same way, then there was a thoughtful look on her face for a moment, well, between floors nine and six roughly, "No real difference, I had thought that kissing a man would be far less exciting than kissing a woman but there is no difference. I'll have to check you both out together tonight and see which one of you is the better fuck!"

Part 2

Sharon's lunch consisted of a chef's salad with Evian water, Rob and I both had beef burgers with fries, I had a coke with mine and Rob had a beer. Sharon asked if she could borrow our cabin key, Rob wanted to go to the casino, at two o'clock they were having a video derby where they ran films of old horse races from America, the races were all on an oval track, there were just six horses in every race and they never used any names, just the numbers, one to six, you placed your bet before you saw the trap positions of the horses. Like everything on the ship it was timed to perfection, starting at two o'clock and running until three forty-five, giving fifteen minutes for people to get from the casino to the aft deck where one of the chef's would be doing fruit carving and another was ice carving.

Rob more or less broke even at the derby but decided that he needed a rest after the late night so we were going to go back to Sharon's cabin, that was if we could get in, we just had to hope that she was there. To get to the cabin, or should I say suite, was a bit of a trek, we had been sitting almost directly below the room, on deck nine, the lift that went to the eleventh deck was just ten feet from us but because we didn't have a key we couldn't use it. Instead, we had to weave our way to the amidships stairwell, then climb to the eleventh floor, then we had to dodge the steward, just in case he remembered that we didn't belong up with the gods.

Sharon's key was already in the lock in her cabin door, all we had to do was lift it and push it down again to unlock the door. Rob and I fell through the door and there, out on the balcony, the mattress still covering the floor was a very naked Sharon and an equally naked female cleaner rolling around together out in the sunshine. We were about five hundred miles south of Southampton so the sun was really starting to heat up. The cleaner literally shit herself when Rob and I walked in on them but Sharon calmed her down, she also kept a tight hold on her as the cleaner tried to get away, Sharon convinced me to get undressed too and the three of us had sex while Rob, also naked by now, sat on a comfortable seat and masturbated as we girls all played together.

Rob gave off the tell-tale signs that he was close to cumming, Sharon jumped to her knees and launched herself at him, she got her mouth over his cock just as he fired off, she took every last drop of my husband's cum in her mouth before returning to the maid and I and 'snowballed' both of us. Rob loved that as Sharon made a big thing of showing Rob exactly what she was doing.

Eventually the maid managed to escape Sharon's clutches; she dressed quickly and almost ran from the room, stopping only once to look back at the three of us still naked. Rob took turns at oiling both Sharon and I to prevent us burning in the hot sun and Sharon lavished oily attention on Rob too, we roasted until the sun went down, then all three of us slipped into the shower together and we dressed to go to dinner.

As Sharon checked the door was locked she handed Rob and I two keys to her room, we gave her a strange look, "I kidnapped the captain, I dragged him down to your room and promised him that I was going to run an article with full colour pictures of your cabin if he didn't move you up to share my room with me, so it's official now, you guys can bunk in with me all legal and above board!"

After dinner, a show and some R&B music in the salon, Sharon made good her promise and fucked Rob and I, one after the other, and then did a second and third rotation before Rob and I were too tired to carry on. I felt like I had dipped out slightly though, I did get to watch the man I love performing masterfully on my best friend but I didn't get a turn at him, Sharon was being a little greedy like that sometimes. In the morning we were close to the Canaries, a storm in mid Atlantic had forced the captain to divert slightly but at least it gave us the chance to see a little land in the distance.

The four days at sea were like a fuckfest, Sharon was insatiable, not only did she wear me and Rob out with her constant sexual demands, she had five other women, all married, all willing to slip away from their husband's for a little girl on girl action with a very sexy lady. She also had sex with several men, not passengers though, she went for crew, she did make them all wear condoms though.

On the morning that we docked in Barbados we had actually slept out on the balcony all night because it was so hot. It was strange waking up in port, the ship had, as it had been expected, docked with the starboard side to the dock but because of the port layout, the balcony wasn't facing out to sea but rather to another ship moored just a hundred feet away, it's sundeck lined with people looking out over the edge of out balcony, hundreds of people were watching as I woke up, there was a cheer as I sat up, I searched in desperation for something to hide myself from the throng but there was nothing so I had to just suck it up and run for the cover of the cabin, leaving Sharon and Rob in the mattress cuddling each other as they slept.

Once I was safely under the cover of the curtains I shouted to Rob and Sharon to warn them that they were being watched. I threw two towels out onto the bed so that Sharon and Rob could cover up before getting out of sight but I only needed to throw one out really, Sharon was perfectly happy to stand up, the cheering turned to wolf whistles and whooping from the men on the sundeck opposite. Sharon was so much of an exhibitionist that she actually took a bow for her fans.

I was really glad that no one on the ship opposite would be in our restaurant for breakfast, there were a lot of murmurings around the other tables as to why so many people on the ship opposite were going mad over the railings, they had worked it out that something had been happening on deck eleven, port side and they even had a range of three of four possible cabins, the room went quiet when Sharon ordered a drink and said our cabin number out loud instead of just silently slipping the waiter the room key like she usually did.

We had booked a trip on a catamaran, the island of Barbados had three hundred and sixty-five churches, one tour was a bus trip to look at some of the better churches, the lecture on the island that we had attended the evening before we docked had shown us pictures of Anglican churches that had been built in the grounds of Catholic churches, almost semi-detached churches. They also said that on Sundays, churches staggered their service times, one doing ten o'clock to ten forty-five, the next doing eleven o'clock to eleven forty-five and a third in the same area would be twelve o'clock to twelve forty-five, just so the mothers could take their children from one service to the next and then on to the third.

The tour on the catamaran was ostensibly a sunbathing and sightseeing tour, the dramatic Atlantic coastline of Barbados, no stopping off points, all the rum you could drink and three hours bouncing on a very rough sea. Sharon asked the skipper of the boat if she could sunbathe in the nude, he announced that the rear deck of the boat would be nudist and the foredeck and the net that was strung between the two outrigger hulls would be for the bikini bathers. I wanted to head off to the foredeck but Sharon dragged me off to the after deck.

The boat had a crew of four, all very black, all very large, all very muscular, Sharon checked her handbag, "Thank god I brought the ten pack of condoms with me today!" Sharon directed Rob to go to the front of the boat, and so it was just Sharon and I that stripped off at the back of the boat and settled down to sunbathing under the watchful eye of the skipper of the boat.

It took less than ten minutes for a second crewman to join the skipper on the bridge, one guy was in the lower cabin mixing drinks and sticking small sausages on cocktail sticks for the snacks, the fourth man was out on the foredeck passing out drinks to the bikini-clad girls up front, I watched at the skipper nudged the man sitting at his feet looking at Sharon and I as we lay there. I thought he was being told to get back to work, in a way he was, he stripped off his clothes and brought a pitcher of rum to us on the sundeck.

As he got close to us his cock started to wake up, he was typical of the reputation that West Indians had for the size of his cock, Sharon offered me a condom and asked if I wanted 'first dibs' on the crew, I shook my head, "I'm not interested in other men thanks for the offer!" Sharon took the rum and offered the guy a condom wrapped in silver foil. My mouth dropped wide open as he struggled to roll the condom down his massive cock. Sharon had been technically a virgin just four days earlier and now I was watching as she took her fifth man in. He really had to struggle to get his cock in her; he almost ended up pushing her off of the aft deck he had to use so much force to get it in her.

I was torn between watching my friend under a huge Negro man and looking up at the skipper as he struggled to keep the boat on course as he was distracted by his friend getting some. The four men took turns, rotating between fucking Sharon and doing the job they were paid to do. The used condoms were dropped on the deck at my feet, by the time we were running back into the docks to more up against our ship, I counted eight rubbers full of white cream at my feet. I dressed at the outer harbour buoy but Sharon was still naked as the catamaran tied up alongside our cruise ship. There was a huge door in the side of the ship which was opened to let us board, as we hadn't actually stepped ashore we didn't need to clear customs before returning to our ship.

We set sail for Dominica at dusk, we went to the 'sail-away' party and everyone was looking at us, well, more looking at Sharon than all three of us, the whispers were running wild and Sharon loved every second of it. We got a good night's sleep for the first time in five nights, eight fucks with men who had flag poles for cocks had finally settled Sharon down a little. Rob asked me if I had let any of the black men fuck me, I just took his hand and placed it between my legs, he slipped a finger in me, I was soaking wet but 'unstretched', Sharon wouldn't be able to say that.

I had made the standard schoolgirl geography error when it came to Dominica, I had mixed it up with Dominican Republic, the first was a tiny island with only eighty thousand population, the other was part of the island of Hispaniola, conservative population estimation, thirty-three million in the Haiti one third of the island and eleven million in the Dominican Republic two thirds. Seventy percent of the population of the United Kingdom, so that island wasn't so small.

The trip we had booked on Dominica took us to the Carib-indian reservation and then on to a beach where they still fished in the same way that the aboriginal people of the Caribbean had been doing for over three thousand years, two young black men, using a gill net just off the beach and one swimming out to frighten the fish into the net before hauling it up onto the beach to empty it. There was also a young American girl there, a peace-core volunteer who was carrying out a study of the fishing; she was also acting as a guide, explaining what was happening. The girl was very pretty, she had the attention of all of the men as well as Sharon, she was working in a very skimpy, French cut bikini.

The men hung their nets out to dry in the sun and then they took our guide off to the sea, Sharon was standing at the water's edge, she suddenly became excited, "Dolphin!" she shouted out, pointing out into the bay. The driver of our bus became a little excited too, he called us all to the bus, "We got to go or you'll miss your boat!" I thought it was a little stupid of him really; everyone wanted to snap off some pictures of the dolphin especially when one of the fishermen took a hand full of fish out to his partner who was holding our guide out in the deep water.

We were all rushed onto the bus but Sharon was still at the water's edge, seemingly taken by the dolphin and its antics out in the bay. I zoomed in my camera through the bus window, it looked like the dolphin was rushing at the girl, turning and hitting her in the back with its abdomen before taking a fish and rushing off out to sea before repeating the process. The driver closed the doors of the bus and started to move off, forcing Sharon to run up the beach to get on the bus.. I kept my camera focussed on the three people in the sea, it looked like something distinctly odd was happening in the bay between the two men, the girl and the dolphin, but that would be a story for a different page.

Interesting fact about Dominica, it is the size of the Isle of White, it had five mountains and because of all those mountains, thay have three hundred and sixty-five rivers, they are also one of the poorest islands in the Caribbean, main exports, small bananas and drinking water.