Debbie, Meg And Her Friends Too
by paul2021

Debbie's stay in the East ends in a fitting climax.

Debbie's stay in the Sultanate as a concubine of Prince Rashid is coming to an end. There are many sad partings but just enough time for one final, wonderfully stimulating, encounter before she bids farewell.

*********

Debbie was ready for home and replenishment.

The parting with Nadira at the Lodge was full of tears and thanks and promises to see each other again in England, the Sultanate or Paris or New York or somewhere but Debbie knew in her heart this hope was a lovely but highly improbable fantasy.

She met with the Prince that morning before being helicoptered from the Summer Palace in the mountains back to the Royal Palace in the city. There would be a few days to relax in the Palace before her flight to London.

The Prince was delighted to see her:

"Deborah I am so very, very grateful for all you have done for the Princess. Please accept my sincere thanks for your dedication and your sensitivity.

Your love has been so precious to me but, now the Princess is free, I can marry my dear Nadira -- my oldest and my deepest love.

I know you understand, and it pleases me that, for you also, our flame has turned from the red of passion to the blue of deep friendship. I would be mortified if you felt rejected or were upset in any way.

Our time together and our love will always have a very special place in my heart.

You have given us all a great gift and we will cherish it's memory for a very long time."

Debbie took the Prince's hands in hers:

"My Prince - your love, your kindness, your empathy and your concern for my well-being and my safety have given me an experience I will always treasure..."

She began to colour but she wanted the Prince to know

"...and, above all, my dear Rashi, your profound understanding of my needs -- I cannot express my appreciation in words..."

The Prince responded:

"My lovely Deborah please -- you have bought so much joy to my heart. Words are unnecessary -- the deep love and affection I have for you is eternal...

... and now I have one more surprise for you before you leave us which I hope you will see as one last beautiful memory of your time in the Sultanate."

Debbie listened attentively. In her heart she longed for one final unique experience in the Palace of her dreams. The Prince had divined this and wished to please her just once more.

"A dear, dear friend of mine has requested that you attend a Presentation tomorrow evening at the Palace. I have made sure it is not too onerous or demanding for you but we would all be very grateful if you could perform this service once more before you depart."

The Prince had a mischievous look in his eye.

"I think you will find it to be very satisfying and a fitting end to your visit."

Debbie responded warmly:

"My Prince I will be very pleased to attend" and added deliciously coyly "and I hope that your dear friend will also be very satisfied."

"Oh... Deborah, my Deborah how I will miss you. Farewell my love."

With hugs and kisses she was gone to the pad and in seconds was in the air. As the helicopter rose above the Summer Palace, she could see the black SUV head out to the Lodge by the lake and his true love.

*********

Debbie spent her first night back in the Royal Palace in the old apartments with Mina which was a great comfort. Mina was very affectionate and, after many gentle cums, she was suckled to sleep by Debbie.

When they finally vacated the giant bed the following afternoon, they showered together and Mina took her razor and ensured that Debbie's cunt, perineum and anus were clean, smooth, and nude. Unknown to Debbie, this had been a particular instruction from the Prince's special guest.

Medication was delivered and taken which created some excitement. There would be a sexual element to her last Presentation after all.

Mina produced a stunningly embroidered aquamarine sheer wrap which, for once, did not fully expose Debbie's nipples and cunt. There would be no headscarf or yashmak and her hair was styled with her usual fringe but with cascading blond curls to her shoulders - her hair had grown long as the months had passed since her arrival. Her eyes were heavily made-up in the dark blues and purples of the Sultanate and full mauve lippy made her look even more eastern.

No heels today -- just bare feet with the ankle bracelets for one last outing.

... and the concubine's necklace with the four jewels -- the red ruby, the blue sapphire, the topaz and the green emerald. Thrillingly, the hidden code had now been revealed to her and she tremored when Mina clipped the necklace around her neck.

Mina began to cry fearing what might now be inflicted on Debbie and they embraced. Debbie calmed her:

"There, there honey -- it's OK."

Debbie's heart accelerated and the adrenalin surged. Who would be on the other side of the great Mahogany doors? Who would have her and how would she be taken?

Knowing that the Prince would be absent began to concern her -- who would host? The Prince's brothers maybe or one of his cousins?

They both entered the lift and Debbie felt the familiar delicious tremor run through her as she stood staring, for the last time, at the reflection of the exotic creature she had become.

As they approached the double doors, she strained for any give-away sounds but there were none. The bell was sounded and she entered.

Debbie was in for a big surprise.

A woman approached - it was Meg Sterling fresh from her assignment in the Sultanate and wearing a very trim trouser suit, looking like she had just finished chairing a meeting of the board!! Behind her were four smartly dressed women also in sharply efficient suits laughing and chatting over glasses of fizz -- otherwise the room was empty!

"Debbie -- wow -- you look absolutely gorgeous -- just look at you."

Meg took her hand.

Debbie was unexpectedly confused:

"Meg -- lovely to meet again -- but I don't understand -- I think we may have come to the wrong party?"

"No No No -- we've been expecting you -- come -- come - meet my ladies.

Girls -- can I introduce the lovely Deborah from England; we all call her Debbie. She is here to entertain us this evening.

Debbie, please meet Charlotte from New York, Harper from Chicago and Lillian and Nancy from Los Angeles. They are my sisters in sin. We have known each-other for years -- since we were at High School in fact!"

Uproarious laughter.

The ladies circled Debbie looking her up and down. Lillian was the first to comment.

"Debbie you are a beauty -- look at those fucking tits -- so fucking Wow."

Charlotte slipped aside the wrap to sneak a look.

"A clean pussy -- right? Meg -- I should have known!"

Harper ran her hand tenderly across Debbie's curls.

"A gorgeous natural blonde -- my favourite -- how did you find her?"

"Debbie and I met many years ago in Davos -- we were guest speakers. I was very very tempted then, but we girls have to be careful as you are all very well aware."

Nancy came in:

"Impressive intelligence Deborah -- all the more delicious to have you -- you don't need to be here, obviously, but you are here -- so you must want to be here -- how Hot is that!!"

More laughter and more champagne. Debbie was colouring up.

Meg got down to business:

"Now ladies we didn't invite Debbie for her conversation alone although she does seem to be rather quiet in this illustrious company of ladies. Let us give her a glass of Pol Roger - which I know is her favourite - and relax her before we start."

Debbie was invited to sit with them. Instinctively she did her best to cover up. Nancy gave her a very full glass:

"Don't worry honey -- we will do all the work tonight -- Just relax and enjoy."

Harper asked:

"So, Deborah tell us about your time with the Prince -- what was the highlight?"

Debbie reacted:

"I'm afraid I can't say -- I always hope the next one will be the highlight!!"

Laughter again. Meg came in supportively:

"Well said Debbie -- that put her in her place -- sly bitch."

Harper laughed uproariously:

"Oh my, I'm so looking forward to making this one scream".

Meg put a hand on Debbie's bare knee:

"In a very good way honey -- believe me!"

This banter continued for about an hour with Debbie giving plenty back in return before Meg called a halt:

"Well honey, it's time to see how you earned that Green Emerald."

She leaned forward, smelling Debbie's perfume as she went and, stroked her palm across Debbie's soft breasts to firm her nipples.

Mina was called over and Debbie stood and was positioned in front of the five women and the wrap was ceremoniously removed and carefully folded. As Mina went to unclip the belt supporting Debbie's breasts as would be usual, Meg stopped her:

"No, leave the belt, thank-you."

Despite Debbie appearing at the Palace in so many compromising and revealing costumes this latest presentation of her body seemed particularly erotic. With the belt, her heavy naked breasts were pushed forward fully supported but now open and bare. Her cunt previously shielded by her bush was offered to Meg and her women nude with no adornment. The inner lips were outrageously distended -- a sure sign of her arousal.

Charlotte came in:

"A luscious lovely sexy woman -- our Deborah. Leaving the belt was an act of a very refined erotic sensibility my dear Meg.

What does it feel like honey -- does it feel good?"

Debbie looked wildly into Charlotte's eyes. They all knew the answer as her cunt began to dilate and glisten.

Harper walked across and gently manipulated Debbie's breasts causing her to gasp.

"I know -- lets rouge Debbie's nips a little bigger -- that would look awesome!"

Lillian was keen:

"Oh Wow -- let's do it. I'll get my make-up."

Lillian returned and with gentle brush strokes began to layer the bright red lippy around the nipples and the areola and then a little more.

This was too much for Debbie and she cried out:

"I'm coming, I'm coming"

Lillian pulled away and Meg moved behind Debbie and placed her hands on her upper arms to hold her.

"Let it go honey -- yes -- just let it go -- that's it -- we are gonna make you so fuckable."

Debbie's breasts quivered, her nipples on fire, and she gave another tremor. Meg managed to bring her down and Lillian began again. The ladies gathered round to comment and it was generally agreed that Lillian could enlarge the areola a little more for maximum effect.

When it was finished and the setting powder had been applied Debbie looked down to see her wonderful honey cream tits adorned and displayed with large provocatively outstanding bright red crowns standing proud and ready -- bigger than ever. She was the earth goddess succouring the world with her desirability and her fecundity.

The ladies gathered round:

"That is a fucking masterpiece."

"Oh my -- would you just look at that -- strawberries and cream -- how sweet is that?"

Meg wanted to move things along and embraced Debbie to kiss her tenderly and claim the Green Emerald:

"Time to get started ladies. Harper -- over to you honey"

Meg clapped her hands and two attendants appeared with a couch of similar size and height to a large bed. This was placed in the centre of the court and a soft thick blanket was laid on top. Lights went down and melancholic Japanese music began to play.

Harper took Debbie to the couch and lay her on her tummy. Meg and the other women momentarily left to collect vanity cases from the next room. Looking round Debbie could see that these were opened on a table to one side and various dildo like devices were placed for easy access. Smartphones were produced and the ladies spent some seconds re-programming before turning back to Debbie.

"Fucking awesome ass. What I'm going to do to that -- Oh my..."

Charlotte tipped in:

"Now girls, who makes Debbie scream the loudest gets the special Prize."

Harper returned with lengths of red rope and bounced back:

"What -- you mean I get Deborah -- all to myself??"

Much laughter.

"No Harper, unless you can persuade her to fly to Chicago."

Lillian couldn't resist:

"En-route from Los Angeles".

They all laughed:

"Yeah, Debbie could do a porn shoot for me as well -- I'd pay a million to see her taken down!!"

Meg had heard enough:

"Ladies, Ladies -- and now for silence. Keep the communication down to a low level. Please discuss and share your knowledge of Debbie's body and her responses as we go. Let's give Debbie the evening of her Life"

She knelt and whispered to Debbie.

"Just relax honey and enjoy it. There will be no ugly ending -- no "money shot" -- nobody is going to hurt you -- do you trust me?"

Debbie looked at Meg, smiled nervously and set herself ready.

Preparations were underway.

Harper sat by Debbie's side and pulled the heel of her left foot up very gently and back on to the underside of her thigh just below her bum. Very deftly Debbie's calf and thigh were roped together with multi strands from knee to crotch and knotted.

After encouraging her to relax with some gentle stroking of her hair, the same was done with her right leg.

This roping forced her thighs apart but to ensure that, in her struggles, closure was impossible, additional ropes were attached to her ankles and tied taught to metal eyes on each side of the couch.

Now Harper reached for each arm and bent them at the elbow behind Debbie's back in a kind of reverse arm fold position. Several strands of rope quickly secured them in position.

Debbie was now helpless but one further adjustment was required which needed some assistance from the others. Debbie was bodily lifted and two pillows were placed under her midriff to raise her arse up to face the back of the couch towards the girls and allow her back to arch down to her head which was resting on the soft down of the blanket. The girls paused to admire Harper's work.

With her thighs fully spread by the roping and with her calves tied back, her bum cheeks were opened to reveal it all in a wonderful womanly beauty. The elevation provided by the pillows gave ample access from behind to her whole cunt from her now upstanding clit at the bottom to the open vagina then past the perineum to the anus with its own purple areola and on up the opened cheeks to her back. The area of her silky- smooth swollen mound surrounding her pink open cunt was very prominent and fully open to caresses. Already the women could see the strong dilation of her vulva lips as Debbie anticipated what was to come.

The women now began a quiet conversation which continued through to the end. Ideas to try -- who would practice what technique -- their thoughts about Debbie and her response to the various stimulations -- words of encouragement to raise her to new heights -- all this and more.

Meg whispered to Lillian,

"Are you ready to oil?"

Lillian nodded and, after removing her jacket, sat by Debbie with a large bottle of perfumed oil and after warming the oil on her palms slowly -- very slowly dropped her fingers on to the sensitive area each side of the vaginal opening. Debbie started but was calmed as the hand slowly became stronger cradling and kneading the oil into the smooth mound, penetrating and spreading the vulva and skipping across the clit just to torment rather than to satisfy. She cried out at this, expecting release but getting none. Strong palms moved to her anus but despite penetration being suggested by the movement of fingers, only the areola was touched. When this was combined with a sudden fingering of her clit she came in a flood and could only jerk a little and cry out restrained as she was. Lillian withdrew and let her down nicely massaging oil into her bum cheeks and upper thighs such that the whole area on display now glistened with lubriciousness.

Meg knelt beside Debbie and stroked her face and hair and nodded to Charlotte.

Charlotte began with a crop with a leather flap at the end. She deftly passed this backwards and forwards across Debbie's arse flicking the flesh and then bought it down firmly and Debbie started. A rose red colouring developed quickly but there were no further strikes as she cleverly flicked the flap up and down covering the cunt and anus. Debbie contorted deliciously to attempt to avoid the flicks but it was hopeless. Charlotte selected next a pad and allowing a little time for calming stroked this backwards and forwards from her clit to her anus. A hole in the pad allowed the flesh to be squeezed and stimulated by the leading edge which resulted, when high pressure was applied, with some delightful whimpering of pleasure from Debbie as the soft lips of her cunt were rolled and kneaded.

Now a pause:

"She's ready Nancy."

The next hour was spent with all manner of vibrating devices being applied to find out Debbie's sweet spots in both her cunt and her anus. Some were tiny and penetrated deep with their sinuous undulations like little serpents. Some were applied in the more accessible areas around the clit like a buzzing bee delicately extracting the pollen from the heart of a blooming flower. Some were delicately used but, with the broader heads, a firmer pressure was preferred to separate the vulva lips and push against the clit. Sometimes conventional dildos were tried when the time was right -- tenderly or violently to suit the orgasms coming from the gorgeous woman spread open before them. Stimulation was, towards the end, simultaneously acute on clit, in vagina and in anus.

Using their smartphones, the women varied the frequency and the amplitude of the vibrations of each device to optimise her responses in each place. It was easy to tell. If the come was sharp she would jerk her body maniacally and shout out -- crying and begging for it to cease. Then the lady would withdraw allowing her to calm. With more subtle stimulations she might come over a longer period vainly attempting by motions of her hips and bum to increase penetration. Then the come would be accompanied by delicious moans of satisfaction. The expertise of the ladies provided a kaleidoscope of stimulations to keep Debbie in nirvana without tiring her prematurely. She was made to orgasm in myriad different ways over several hours and still wanted more!

Debbie was now un-roped and left to rest and there was a short break while each of the women, in turn, went to a side room to strip. Once all were nude the five began to cover a pliant Debbie in caresses using lips, tongues, fingers, hands and breasts to give her a unique experience - sensuous, loving, magical -- a phantasmagoria of feeling through the long hot night. Sometimes all five women would work together. At other times there may be only one or two involved while the others rested. By skilful choreography the ladies were able to maintain Debbie's responses without exhausting her.

Towards the end Debbie was drenched in sweat and often lost control of her body which deliciously increased the sensation of orgasmic release when it came - and all the time, the soft tone of lady's voices exchanging ideas and marvelling at her stamina and her receptiveness -- stroking her and calming her before raising the tempo just one more time.

*********

Finally, it was all over -- finished -- the ladies now dressed in white gowns covered Debbie very tenderly with many appreciative loving kisses and placed a coverlet over her and left her to Mina. They retired to the large bedroom suite and their pleasures continued, enhanced and deepened by their taking of Debbie.

The following morning five bouquets of flowers were delivered to Debbie's apartment all with cards of thanks for a lovely evening and, in Meg's case, a mobile number and a special note:

"My dearest Debbie,

I hope you got as much pleasure from our evening together as we all did.

It was lovely to get to know you a little better after all these years and, as we were chatting after your departure, it was clear that all my friends were very impressed by your beauty, your intelligence, your daring and your search for joy and fulfilment despite the potential dangers.

I do urge you to be careful if you do decide to continue the search for your grail, but I know you will exercise good judgement and ensure you prioritise your own safety.

As my friends travelled to the Sultanate just for this one opportunity to meet you, they are flying back to the States this afternoon. I will follow them tomorrow and I believe you have a flight booked for next week.

When you next visit London, Paris or Washington then please make contact. We may be able to link up, and, of course, if I ever need a brilliant, internationally respected and very experienced lawyer ...

Bonne-chance and much love,

Meg"

*********

There were many tears from Mina when the driver called to collect Debbie. The emotional bond was very strong and in appreciation of Mina's love, help and guidance Debbie had secretly transferred a significant sum of money to her.

Debbie wore underwear for the first time in many months and dressed for England. She was desperate to see the children and, yes, she wanted badly to see David. Not to share her adventures of course but just to be with him -- to talk, have dinner, do country walks, take days out -- all the usual family stuff -- and much to her surprise after so many thrilling encounters -- she wanted him to make love to her with all the old certainties and cosy familiarity.

... and then there was Norfolk. One day she be would be ready again to text Lyn, make her excuses to David, and take the little sports car on another adventure.

*********

The aircraft was off the stand and waiting for the all clear to taxi out and I now invite you, reader, into one last scene:

Ensconced in first class with your glass of champagne, having completed your assignment in the Sultanate, you would have noticed the very attractive middle-aged blonde sitting across the aisle. You had exchanged a smile and you assumed by her dress and demeanour that she was also a professional in finance or law or in a senior post in one of the large corporates now active in the Sultanate but...

... there was just something about her that didn't quite fit which you couldn't identify. Was it the happiness in her face, the sparkle in her eye, a slight excess of gold bling, the snug fit of her tailored trousers and short waisted jacket over her lovely curves?

You tried not to stare -- she clearly wasn't the chatty type - but your eyes kept wandering to that glimpse of low-cut black lace around soft creamy white breasts in the deep V of her top when she reached for her glass.

Luckily, after dinner, you needed to complete your report and then sleep came easily.

By the time you had collected up all your gear on landing she had gone and despite looking out for her as you passed through the airport you never saw her again.

*********

The End

*********
