Dana’s Pool Embarrassment
by Shad Enfreude
Schadenfreude4424@gmail.com
Copyright 2018 by Shad Enfreude, all rights reserved
 
Summary – It is summer and Dana wants to show off her beach bod, unfortunately the family beach trip is cancelled. Dana having bought a new bikini goes to the public pool and realises why bikinis are for beaches.
 
Dana’s Pool Embarrassment - Chapter 1
 
Dana McIntyre shivered as she walked out of the girls changing room in her new swimsuit. After finally turning 15 last month, Dana’s mother finally let her buy a bikini. She was all exited, picking it out herself and even going so far as to get one held by strings rather than straps much to her mother’s bemusement. In the mall it looked really cute, the cups framing her b-cup breasts and the panties dark enough to hide her fiery bush from sight. In preparation for beach trip, Dana shaved her bikini line, only to realise it was all for naught. Her father, a banker in the city had to work over the summer, thus cancelling their trip.
 
This didn’t discourage Dana however, she reasoned that her bikini would be fine at the local pool and on the first day of summer vacation she walked to the pool with her bikini in her bag, hoping maybe Tom, the captain of the water polo team at school would be there to see her cute new bikini. When she arrived at the pool, she stripped of her shorts and tank top. She showered and put on her bikini with some trepidation as it set in; she was going to walk out in such a skimpy outfit. ‘C’mon Dana you look good, get out there’ she thought, as she walked out of changing rooms into the pool.
 
The pool wasn’t great but it wasn’t awful, there was only an adult pool that was rectangular with a uniform depth of 5.5ft, at 5”7 Dana could wade in it comfortably, there were 3 diving platforms 33 ft., 25 ft. and 16 ft. The water looked reasonably clean. Dana saw 7 out of the 8 lounge chairs were occupied by towels. She quickly took the last chair and realised why nobody wanted it, the chair’s plastic seat had a few bits missing, not dangerous or too full of holes to sit in Dana set her towel down and scanned the pool for anybody she knew.
 
The lifeguard seat was empty, and nobody her age was here, everyone was out of town for their summer vacation and the only people here were younger than her. They looked about 13; all 7 probably from lower income families that couldn’t afford to go out of town and parents’ too busy working to chaperone. She lowered into the pool, a shiver passing through as the cold water raised gooseflesh all over her. She lapped at her end of the pool, getting used to the chill. As she stopped to catch her breath she noticed the boys were looking over at her, as she made eye contact with one, they all quickly averted their eyes. Dana felt pretty good until she looked down and saw her nipples were erect in the cold, she blushed realising the boys must have been staring while she was doing her laps. ‘Oh god, I’ve been doing backstrokes as well!’ she realised; mortified she walked to her chair.
 
As she sat down she thought ‘those boys will probably keep staring at me, I’ll just wait here until they go later then swim with the pool to myself’. While she lounged, started daydreaming about the beach and Tom, she dozed off dreaming of the sea.
 
She woke up with a start, looking around the pool she saw the boys and their towels were gone and the clock on the wall was at 13:10, she’d been asleep for nearly an hour. She got out of the chair and felt a chill round her privates, with a gasp she turned around and saw her panty string was caught on the chair and seemed pretty badly torn. She tried to tug the panties of but only succeeded in just tearing them. ‘Fudge, mums going to kill me!’ she fretted. Covering her front with her towel that only covered her waist to her mid thigh and only barely closed at the side with a pretty big slit down the side, she rushed into the changing room to the sounds of the showers running. Moving to her locker she saw it was empty and felt a plunge in her stomach.
 
The showers stopped and as she turned around the boys, clad in their swimsuits stopped in their tracks, seeing the cute older girl cowering with her tiny towel. “WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING IN HERE? GET THE HELL OUT!” she screamed, turning red with shame as the boys quickly tried to hide their erections with their towels. “This is the men’s idiot” said the tallest boy, quickly moving to his locker and taking his phone. “You know the rules say we should report you, plus you’re older than us so you’d be in a world of trouble if I called the council”. The rest of the boys smirked as the tall boy took some covert pictures of the girl and dialled a random number. “My mum works at city hall, if I call and report you you’re going to get arrested” the tall boy threatened.
 
“Oh please don’t, I won’t say anything” the girl said, her voice cracking with emotion as the boys all came to the same conclusion, this girls going to be their toy.
 
“Ok then but you have to do what I say or else”, “ok, just please don’t report me”.
 
“Alright then take off that towel for a start and the bra as well” he said much to the amusement of his peers. “What the heck? No!”, “Ok then I’ll just call”, “WAIT! I’ll d-do it” she whimpered dropping the towel and taking off the bra, her hands covered the milky skin of her breasts and the vibrant red pubis below.
 