Kelly Gets a New Car
bySashamy©

It had been a week or so since her show at the bar for Gary, and Kelly wanted to do a trip to the beach. There was no one to admire her body in the back yard.

After refilling her water bottle and pulling on an oversized men's tank top, Kelly grabbed one of her recently purchased wicked weasel bikinis she had purchased on line, it had just come in yesterday and she hadn't even open the package yet.

She headed to her car with her wallet and keys in one hand and her new bikini still in the UPS envelop and water bottle in the other. She loves the tank top she had picked up at Wal-Mart in the men's athletic section. It was open on the sides almost to her waist and just covered her ass cheeks. It allowed for a lot of side boobs to show, sometimes a bit too much.

After a few turns she hit the interstate, heading toward east through town, the beach's being beyond downtown. She could feel the excitement of the wind moving her top uncovering her big boobs and sliding the bottom up and down. She could hear when a truck drive noticed her as she passed. The engine would always speed up if they noticed her. But she couldn't see their reactions when they looked down into her car. She loved seeing their reactions to her body.

Thinking about the faces looking down she massages her own boob, teasing her nipple, if only they could see more of her. Then it hits her; "Siri's, Chevy dealer on West Lake Drive please," The number pops up and she hits send. 

"West Lake Chevrolet, How can I help you?" The receptionist answers.

"Is Annette in today" Kelly asks.

"Yes she is, please hold," followed by crackly hold music.

"This is Annette how can I help you today?"

"Hey Annette, its Kelly from the bar the other night, my husband Gary buys our cars from you?"

"OMG yes, you planning another dance party," she laughs.

"No, No... I need a convertible, I want to trade in this Malibu, it's just not working for me anymore."

"Well I got four Camaros on the lot right now, two silver ones a blue one and a yellow one." Annette tells her.

Kelly thinks a few seconds, "tell you what, I am heading to the beach, you have the yellow one ready and we can take it for a test drive, what do you think?"

Annette giggles, "Well I am not dressed for the beach, but we can take an extended test drive, I can have your car checked out and we can see what we can do."

Twenty minutes later she wheels on to the sales lot, parking out front next to a yellow convertible with the top already down. It's only a few seconds before one of the vultures are walking up to her passenger side window. She can see his eyes bugging out when he realizes what's in the car. As she collects her things, her right nipple has spilled from the side of the tank top; she tells him she is here to see Annette.

As she gets out the car he keeps his eyes glued to her body barely covered in the tank top. Annette is coming across the parking lot from the sales office with her purse in hand; she is wearing a typical business jacket, white blouse and matching skirt. The girls meet between the cars, when Kelly reaches up to hug Annette's neck she flashing the other guy her cute ass cheeks. Annette pops the trunk with the remote, Kelly tosses her things in the trunk, closes it and tells Annette she is ready for her test drive.

Annette takes Kelly's keys and gives them to the sales guy and tells him to have Ernie check out this car while they are gone. He just stands there ogling Kelly's almost bare body, the hem barely covers her pussy as she cranks the eight cylinder chevy and makes it rumble a bit. With her arms starched out the sales guy has a slight view inside her tank top taking in the fullness of her big boobs, her nipples just hidden from him.

They buckle up and head out the parking lot. It's only a few blocks to the interstate; Kelly lets it slide around the corner through the green light and up the ramp, already hitting 70 mph. The wind already bouncing Kelly's tank top around her body, revealing her tits and bare pussy to Annette. Kelly asks Annette, "what you wearing under that suit?"

Annette giggles, "Normally nothing but today I wore a matching undie outfit."

"Well let's see it, that's your bikini for today!" Kelly tells her.

Annette looks over at her with an evil smile, "It's going to be a bit revealing, especially if the panties get wet... or wetter," placing a hand on Kelly's bare thigh, sliding it up to her tank top, "lean forward a bit". As Kelly does, Annette pushes the shirt up in back to so when she sits back it keeps Kelly's pussy exposed.

Annette unbuckles her seat belt and as soon as she starts to unbutton the three buttons holding her blazer closed and pulls it off, Kelly understands the revealing part, she can see her nipples through the white blouse pushed up and out by the white shelf bra. Annette folds up her blazer and places it, under her purse in the back seat. She arches her back, pushing her hips into the air and releases the button and zipper of her skirt in the back. She wiggles it down her thighs as Kelly slows passing a big truck. Annette grins looking over at Kelly.

As soon as the tail of the blouse is out the skirt it is bouncing around at her waist, her G string panties on display for the truck driver. She ignores him looking down at her and pulls her feet free and folds it up and places it with her jacket under her purse to keep them from flying out the open car. Kelly keeping the same speed as the trucker, who is also checking out her boobs and bare pussy as the wind whips her tank top around.

"Keep going," Kelly tells her as she starts to buckle back up.

Annette looks over at her smiling then looks up at the trucker. Her fingers start to release the buttons of her blouse. After only a few the wind is blowing it open exposing her nipples to the truck driver. Kelly keeps looking over smiling at her, enjoying her new role as the master vs. the sub to Kari. Annette gets all the buttons undone and starts to buckle up once more. Kelly grins and says, "I said keep going!"

"Oh My God," Annette squeals, "I'll be topless!"

"Like I'm not, practically!" Kelly tells her.

Annette leans forward and slides her blouse off, folding it and placing it too under her suit in the back seat. She tugs up on the bra in a feeble attempt to cover her nipples. As she buckles up Kelly speeds away from the trucker. 

As they pass several more trucks Kelly slows for each one to let them look down into her potential new car. "Yeah I am liking this car," Kelly comments to her. "Put your feet on the dash."

"Why?" Annette asks.

"Because I am driving and I want to see if its going to work for me," Kelly explains.

Annette follows her request, placing her feet high up on the dash, knees apart a bit.

"Take off your panties," Kelly cuts her eyes at Annette. And then slows as she is approaching another trucker. "You want me to buy this car or not?"

Annette slides her panties down her bare legs, drops the panties around the gear shift and places her feet back on the dash, spreading her knees knowing what Kelly wants. Annette looks up at the driver, who is looking them both over. Kelly reaches over and starts rubbing Annette's clit, spreading her lips, pushing her legs wider for the trucker. Annette grabs for the door handle and console cover. Her hips moving with Kelly's rubbing and playing. "Oh you're a little Bitch," Annette whimpers.

Kelly has to stop before getting her off as they approach the beach exit. But Annette goes back to working on herself in place of Kelly's fingers as they drive along the main approach to the beach. Bringing herself to a relaxing climax as they stop at a red light, her feet still on the dash as a few people walk past looking down into the car at the two of them.

Kelly takes a left Center Street that runs along the beach, going all the way to the end where one has a bit of a walk over the dunes to the beach. Most families avoid this section due to the walk thru the dunes to the beach and all the crap they have to carry for the kids.

Annette slips her panties back on, then just reaches back and releases the claps for her bra. "Are you changing into your bikini?" Annette asks Kelly.

"Well yeah," Kelly tells her.

"Give me your T-shirt then to wear for the walk."

Kelly doesn't even hesitate and pulls it over her head as she steps out the car, popping the trunk open walking naked to the back. She gives a little wave to some guys who wear talking but now staring at her. She reaches down and grabs Annette's clothes and purse. While Annette waits for the tank top she watches Kelly behind the trunk pulling on her new bikini bottoms as a several surfer guys take in her rather large tits on her small frame and her bare ass once her bottoms are on. Kelly closes the trunk with her bikini top, water bottle, keys and lotion in hand. "Come on lets go," Kelly says and she walks past the passenger side door, the tiny bottoms, nothing more than a bunch of white strings and a tiny patch that is barely covering her slit.

Annette thinking to herself, "good thing she doesn't have thick lips."

Annette looks back at the guys and then at Kelly as her big boobs sway as she walks away. Then jumps out, running to catch up with Kelly. Annette at first has her hands over her firm "B" boobs, "you're going to get us both arrested and those guys are following us!"

Kelly giggles, "Maybe they have friends, I hear you like guys with lots of friends!"

It's not long before Annette is no longer trying to hide as she keeps looking back at the young guys following them over the dunes. "Ouch!" Annette sorta yells lifting her foot. And sand spur hangs from the arch of her foot as she lifts it. As she hops a few times finally grabbing Kelly's shoulder for support, she lifts her foot as the guys catch up to them.

"Need some help?" one of them asks her. 

Kelly answers for her, "Sure!" as the guys ogle both their almost naked bodies, Kelly enjoying them staring at her big bare tits. One of the boys, long blonde hair, sets his board down and drops down on one knee to support Annette's leg as she moves her hand to the top of his head. He uses his fingernails to pull the thorn from her foot, she tests it in the sand her hand still on his head. 

Kelly smiles and tells the boy, "As a reward you can have her panties if you want." The guy looks up at her, then at Annette. She gives her a wink and a nod, he reaches up and starts to slide the g string down her hips, starts down her thighs as her pussy is revealed to the guy only a foot away from her, she lifts her feet stepping out of them, wanting to slam his young face between her legs.

Her hands tremble as she tells him, "Thanks for saving me and enjoy!"

The two of them head out, "your welcome," Kelly tells Annette.

It is only a few minutes and they are out on the almost abandoned beach, everyone else at work this time of day of course. Annette turns Kelly towards the point, hoping the boys follow them, of course they do. They stop about 200 feet from the dune trail and set down Kelly's stuff. The guys not far behind, Kelly pushes her bottoms over her ass and lets it drop to the sand, nothing more than a pile of strings. "Let's go cool off," Kelly says, and heads toward the water. Then turns to the five guys, "come teach us to surf."

They quickly follow the two naked cougars into the surf, only bringing two boards. As soon as they are in the water they are surrounded by the guys, Annette makes a comment about Kelly's big tits make great life preservers and the water makes them seem weightless as the rise and fall in the water. As they swim out deeper hanging onto the boards, Annette decides to get even and tells the guys, "her tits are real you should feel them."

The guys don't wait for a response from Kelly and two of them reach over and grope her tits. "Oh damn," one of them says, "I didn't think they would feel this firm, you got some nice tits lady!" Which prompts another guy to switch boards, reach over and feel Kelly's boob. 

Annette then asks, "what do I have to do to ride a.... a wave?" She is actually groping one of the guys under the water. The guy on the other side of the board tells her she needs to get up on the board first. She removes her hand from inside the guy's trunks and tries to get up on the board, three guys end up helping her up, groping her ass in the process. 

She ends up laying on the board her ass in the air up on her elbows, a guy on one side two on the other, "looks like a view from Magnum P.I., but im not wearing bottoms" she giggles. The guys are clueless as to what she is referring too. 

The guy she was groping reaches up and starts to feel her tits, "my turn" he tells her.

The other two guys on the other side sees what is going on and reach for her ass and her other tit, the three of them drifting away from Kelly and her two guys. The guy at her ass probing her pussy and ass with his fingers

Kelly just hangs on the board, the two guys taking turn groping her tits, them moving hands between her legs. One of the boys says... "let's get her across the board." They slide her up and over the side, her ass up out the water. 

"What are we...?" but before she can finish she feels her legs being spread and one of the boy's face between them. Her tits hang over the other side where the other boy swims up and starts sucking her nipples as she leans on her arms allowing them to hang just out the water. Kelly just closes her eyes and enjoys the attention.

When Kelly opens her eyes she sees Annette on the beach, on the surf board, legs in the air and one of the boys pounding into her as the other two are on their knees at her face allowing her to take turns with the two cocks in her mouth. Kelly asks the boy behind her, "If I slide into the water can you fuck me out here?"

"Oh hell yeah" he tells her, helping her slide back down. He tells her to hang on as he spreads her legs and pushes into her from behind. The other guy swims around and continues playing with her tits until it is his turn in her. 

Eventually they all make it to the beach, everyone happy and satisfied, especially the guys having just banged two older ladies. Kelly tells them "we have to be heading back; I think I have some paper work to finish up." The two ladies head back up the beach, stopping to retrieve Kelly's items and they both walk to the car naked, Annette can't help but watch Kelly's big tits sway as they walk. 

Annette stops at her door as Kelly unlocks it with the remote. Kelly continues on to the trunk and pops it open. Only dropping in her bikini and then shutting the trunk back closed. Annette starts to protest about needing her clothes but realizes Kelly has none either. In no time they are back on the road, Kelly taking her time allowing people to see inside the car on the way out, getting several cat calls and comments.

Once on the interstate Kelly slows at each big rig they pass, finally telling Annette, "Yeah, this is exactly what I want."

As they near the exit for the dealership Annette starts to get concerned. Kelly puts on the turn signal to get off at the exit. She can see the concern in Annette's eyes but she turns right instead of left towards the dealership. Kelly laughs, "I wouldn't do that to you."

She drives a few blocks and turns into a self-serve car wash, parking in one of the stalls. She pops the trunk and jumps out as two guys walk past, they stop and stare at the short naked beauty with big tits. Kelly pulls her bikini top on first her ass the the men and then her tank top. The bikini top does little to cover her tits but does cover her nipples and keeps them covered. She grabs Annette's skirt and blouse and slams the trunk. Dropping them in her lap, she cranks the car back up. Annette starts to protest about needing her blazer, but Kelly tells her "she better hurry and put what she has on, it is only a few blocks."

Before they pull in Annette has her blouse back on and is trying to get her skirt up and keep her blouse tucked in. Annette's dark nipples show through the blouse, Kelly tells her, "I know I got dressed to go in but, I'll have Gary stop by after work to do the paper work if that's ok?"

Annette looks down at her nipples poking thru her top. "And you are going to make me finish the day like this aren't you?"

Kelly giggles, "Oh yeah, and when Gary gets here, make sure your blouse is unbuttoned to your waist so he can see your boobs, and be sure to give him a blow job in the parts room so I don't have too when he gets home. I will text him and tell him what to expect!"

Kelly reaches over and pulls Annette to her kissing her, exploring her mouth with her tongue and unbuttons two more of her buttons on her blouse, to below where her bra would show if she were wearing it, before slipping her hand inside and groping her tits making her nipples good and hard. Leave it like this, you look sexy in a slutty kinda way.

