Dare Me
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - Chapter 5 - The Sleepwalker

Most of the summer passed before the word "Dare" was uttered again in our house. We settled into a good routine. Of course, our neighborhood had nothing geared for kids. So, our best chances of entertainment required us to venture beyond. I convinced mom to let us roam further, which helped. We gravitated to my old elementary school. During the school year, I had often ridden my bike to school when the weather was good and could get there in about 10 minutes. But with Lucy in tow, it always took longer.

In addition to costing no money, the school was kind of a de facto meeting place for kids of surrounding neighborhoods to come and play ball or just to play on the swings. I didn't hurt that Lucy and I were both kind of treated like celebrities there. I was seen a mature graduate about to venture forth into Junior High School. And Lucy proved very popular, too. She would be a sixth grader there in the fall. They generally ruled elementary school as the big fish.

As one of the older, and taller, kids I spent much of my time on the basketball court. But she preferred to hold court on the jungle gym. Occasionally I would spot her setting out to make a circuit of the grounds, as if a queen surveying her domain. Wherever she went the crowds parted for her. Boys paused their play to watch, and a gaggle of girls trailed behind her like guppies in her wake.

I had to admit my sister was becoming a head-turner. Every time I caught a boy staring too long, I had to smile. I knew exactly what he was thinking; undressing her with his eyes and trying to imagine what she looked like under those clothes. But I was the only one who really knew. Well, me and Mr. Beski. My favorite move was to wait until she was passing by the court. Then I knew I could always get around my defender because he would be distracted by my sister’s striking beauty.

Mom took a second job, so we didn't see much of her that summer. She usually came home and collapsed into bed. Sometimes I could hear her complaining to her sister over the phone about her scumbag boss. I guess she had gotten passed over for a promotion she was hoping for and that's why she had to get another job.

Lucy continued to develop over the summer. And I had a front row seat. The sunshine bleached even lighter streaks into her blonde hair and her skin developed a healthy glow. She was always putting on lip gloss with her friends which only accentuated how plump they had grown. Her lips weren't the only thing growing plumper. The two cones on her chest continued to swell and grow. They pulled her t-shirts away from her body, and when she ran it was impossible not to stare at all the jiggling.

She learned when she batted her long eyelashes at a boy, he would get lost in her piercing blue eyes and gladly give up the swing for her. And whenever she did cartwheels in the field with her friends, nearby boys held their breath watching her shirt rise perilously close to showing more than just her stomach and rib cage. If mom weren't so tired all the time and were paying closer attention, she probably would have gotten Lucy some training bras by now.

That's pretty much how our summer went. My friends would go off to camp or some far-flung family vacation destination. But we couldn't afford anything like that. We spent our days roaming closer to home. Rainy days were the worst since it drove the other kids indoors to play with their toys and video games. Can you tell I'm a little bitter about that last part?

When the skies cleared, they would venture back out chattering about their latest Zelda adventures. That's how, one day, Billy Benson became the luckiest kid around. I was beginning to think maybe Lucy had outgrown her penchant for daring escapades. Except for going out of her way to avoid Mr. Beski's house, everything looked back to normal. But alas, her subconscious itch did return.

Billy and I weren't really that close of friends. But we were in the same grade, and I had known him in school. We sort of got closer that summer on the basketball court and that's how I convinced him to let me play his Super Nintendo. Don't laugh. For a 90's kid, that was the ultimate in home video game entertainment. But he said if we played at his house, his mom would make us take turns with his little brothers. So, he offered to bring it over to my house for the afternoon!

I was ecstatic. I rushed home to straighten up the living room and make sure everything was perfect. I gathered what meager snacks I could find and even made a pitcher of powdered lemonade, anything to keep Billy around as long as possible.

Lucy was not allowed to go out without me and, faced with the prospect of being stuck at home with nothing to do, she grew antsy watching me get ready. Technically, we weren't allowed to have anyone over to the house with mom gone, but I knew I could change the rules with mom when she got home.

"Mikey, I'm bored" she began. Something twitched beneath the surface of my brain, but it was not formed enough to break through. I had climbed behind our TV and was checking wires to make sure it was ready to connect Billy's Super Nintendo; not that I knew what I was even looking at. I was just letting out nervous energy.

"Mikeeey!" she continued, "It's not fair. How come you get to have a friend over and I don't? What am I supposed to do for 2 hours? Come on, Mikeeeeeey..."

Then, just as her tantrum was winding down, she uttered those two magic words; so softly I think even she was surprised they came out of her mouth.

"Dare me."

My hands froze and for a moment I forgot what I was doing. I initially thought I was imagining things. But then, she repeated it, this time with more force.

"Dare me, Mikey."

At that, my heart started pounding. It had been 3 months since her last dare, and I hadn’t seriously considered the prospect of another one. I met her pleading gaze and could practically see the need in her eyes. The remembered how much determination she had put into the previous tasks. Once she accepted, she would not stop until the urge was satisfied. The possibilities were limitless.

My penis grew uncomfortably large in my pants as my second head kicked into overdrive filling my first one with ideas. I realized I had been hoping for this chance to occur again. And now, here it was. But she had chosen the worst possible moment. Billy was likely already on his way over with his Super Nintendo in tow. I was finally getting my chance to play video games and somehow my bratty little sister had figured out a way to derail the whole thing. Still, her pleading eyes convinced me that I had to help her.

I adjusted the raging boner in my shorts and climbed out from behind the TV; my mind swirling with possibilities. Once Lucy sensed I was pondering her request, her face lit up in a bright, relieved smile. Then her whole body tensed in excited anticipation. A plan started to coalesce, and soon I had worked out a perfect solution. A way to dare Lucy while still getting to play. And I was going to make Billy Benson the luckiest kid around by giving him a front row seat to my sister's next revealing dare.

She hung on my every word as I finished working out the particulars in my mind and began to reveal her dare. "Lucy, I dare you, while Billy is here, to pretend that you suffer from sleepwalking."

That part wasn't particularly embarrassing. Plenty of kids went through phases of sleepwalking. Just like wetting the bed or night terrors, it usually passed as they grew older. So, I wasn't surprised when she looked at me confused.

I continued, "I'll explain it to Billy when he gets here. So, you'll be upstairs like you're taking a nap. Then, whenever you're ready, you're going to sleepwalk down to the living room and sit with us. Do you think you can do that?"

She nodded slowly but was still understandably confused at why that was supposed to be a big deal. That's when I revealed my nefarious twist.

"Remember that footie Pikachu suit Aunt Julie got us?" I asked, and she nodded again.

"That's what I want you to be wearing when you come down. Nothing else. And only the hood. Let the rest of the costume trail behind you like a cape. Got it?"

There it was! There was her cute little blush. It finally arrived when she realized how much of her cute little growing body Billy would get to see. Just then the door rang, and I grinned at the perfect timing.

"Remember, you have to act like you're asleep the whole time, or he will be able to tell you're faking. When I say the magic words 'bunny rabbit', you're allowed to wake up and run out of the room."

I could tell she was still processing my dare as I pushed her to the stairs. She didn't have a problem going up. I knew it would be much harder coming down. If she chickened out, at least Billy and I would get to play in peace. I adjusted my boner one last time to prevent any awkwardness then welcomed Billy in. We went into the living room, and he hooked up his Super Nintendo while I laid out the snacks.

"We have to be quiet, " I told him regretfully, " my sister is upstairs taking a nap."

"Lucy?" he asked, I should have guessed he knew her name. Every boy knew about Lucy. "Isn't she a little old for naps?"

"Yeah," I explained, "but she hasn't been sleeping well lately; ever since she started sleepwalking. It's kinda weird, but the doctor said she'll grow out of it."

Now that I had set the stage, it was up to Lucy. I pictured her wrestling herself up there; trying to gather enough nerve to come down here. Not having a deadline probably made it even worse. I had just left it as 'whenever you're ready'. How could a naked girl ever be ready to show her growing body off to an older neighborhood boy?

At least while I waited, I got to pass the time with Super Mario. We sat on the floor right in front of the TV - controller cords weren't very long back then. I hate to admit it, but I sucked. I simply didn't have as much practice as Billy. We alternated lives and his turns ended up being much longer than mine. But I was still having a blast. While he played, I kept the doorway to the living room in my periphery, eagerly awaiting my sister's debut. Then, finally, it happened.

"Holy Shit!" I heard Billy exclaim.

I had been in the middle of one of my turns, when Billy had noticed motion at the doorway. It was Lucy, dressed just as I had dared her. The Pikachu outfit had slits in the hood so you could stick your hair through. Lucy had donned the hood and made her hair up into pigtails; sticking them through to look like ears. The rest of the yellow, footy outfit hung uselessly behind her. She was wearing nothing else.

However, apparently, she had decided coming in empty handed would just be too difficult. So, to comfort herself, she carried her teddy bear wrapped in her right arm and snuggled to her breast. She didn't stop at the doorway but proceeded into the room to lay down on her stomach and elbows right between us as if simply coming in to watch Saturday morning cartoons.

Her face was completely blank as she stared at the TV with heavy-lidded eyes. It was a performance for the ages. If I didn't know better, I would have thought she really was sleepwalking. Only the blush on her face, the one thing she couldn't control, betrayed her act. But the redness on her cheeks could have been explained away as mere heat from her pillow.

I forgot I had been playing, and Mario quickly died. I looked over at Billy. He had a hungry look in his eyes; like he was going to devour her. I was ready with my spiel.

"It's ok, Billy," I quickly gave the excuse I had prepared for why my sister was sitting between us with barely a scrap of clothing on. Fortunately for her, the way the outfit had fallen mostly covered up her bottom.

I continued "The doctor explained this, too. When she sleepwalks, her body automatically goes through the motions of things, like brushing her teeth, or getting dressed. But it doesn't always work out the right way. She probably thinks she's fully dressed right now."

I hoped it was convincing enough, but from the look on Billy's face, it didn't matter. I could have told him she was an alien robot, and he wouldn't care. As long as he got to look at her naked body.

"Holy Shit, dude! Your sister is smoking hot!" He exclaimed. It was a little awkward to be discussing this topic with my classmate. Especially since Lucy was sitting right there listening to everything we said.

"Whatever, man. Come on, it's your turn." I tried to steer him back to the game, but he was having none of it.

He said, "You can take my turn." and went right back to studying Lucy.

Billy stared at my nearly naked sister while I played his turn. I was still a noobie and had to concentrate to get through the level. When I looked over, I saw Billy had decided to move the Pikachu outfit to get a better view. It now draped off to the side of her body leaving her naked bottom completely exposed.

"Dude," he mused, " did you know that last year my baseball team voted that your sister had the best ass in the whole school? Even better than all the sixth graders! I wish I had a camera. The guys will never believe this!" Then he added "Do you have a camera?"

I noticed Lucy's eyes bulge slightly as I shook my head. But fortunately, Billy was too distracted by her ass to notice. Then his eyes made their way up her body where her newly forming breasts were hanging down enticingly.

"Hey, look. She even has tits!"

He started to reach out and cop a feel. That's when I knew I had to pump the brakes a bit before things got out of hand.

"Woah!" I warned, "don't touch her or you might wake her up. The doctor said that could be dangerous." I didn't explain how that could be dangerous, but he seemed to accept it. "She has to wake up naturally, on her own, or she could end up in a coma."

Disappointed, Billy reluctantly stayed his hand. But he did rearrange his position, laying in such a way to get a much closer look at her little hanging treasures.

We resumed our game. On my turns, Billy made continuous comments about Lucy's various exposed body parts and how hot she was. On his turns, she would use the distraction and dart her eyes over at me, begging me for help. It was hilarious watching her emotionally squirm while at the same time practically unable to move a muscle. At one point, his mouth was so close to her that he could have stuck out his tongue and licked her. He puckered like he was going to kiss the side of her breast. But instead of kissing, he just blew.

"Hey, look" he delighted, "her nipples got stiff!"

I bent over to look. He was right. It had been a few months since I last saw her nipples. They were still that bubblegum pink shade but had grown bigger and were quite stiff; especially now that Billy had blown on them. Eventually, he got up to go to the bathroom. As soon as he was out of sight, Lucy hissed at me. "Mikey! Hurry up and say the magic words! He almost touched my boobies!"

I had gotten so caught up, I completely forgot Lucy couldn't wake up until I said, "bunny rabbit". But that's not what I wanted to talk about. I hissed right back at her, "What's with the teddy bear? I thought I said, 'nothing else'."

"I'm sorry," she pleaded, "My hands wouldn't stop shaking. I just couldn't do it without something to hold on to."

"Well, that's going to cost you." I admonished. "Because of the bear, I'm adding to your dare. In a few minutes, I'll go to the kitchen. When I do, you're going to get up and walk out the front door. Keep going as if you're sleepwalking to school. I'll decide when you've walked far enough. When I say the magic words, you can wake up and fix your outfit."

"But, Mikey, you can't leave me alone..." She started, but I cut her off. "No buts. If I let you get away with it this time, you'll never learn to follow instructions. Oh, and leave the bear this time."

Just then, I heard the toilet flush and Lucy snapped back into place. She gave me one last silent pleading look before letting her eyes glaze back over. We played a couple more lives, then I decided it was time for Lucy's final act.

"I'm gonna go look for some more snacks." I announced, knowing full well I had already ransacked our thin kitchen supplies. But that was Lucy's cue. I stood in the kitchen rattling drawers keeping a keen ear open. It didn't take long. I guess Lucy didn't want to be alone with Billy for long.

Billy called out, "Uh, Mike?"

"Yeah?" I replied and ambled slowly back as if I had not a care in the world. Then I casually noticed Lucy wasn't there (and, like an obedient girl, she had left her teddy bear behind this time).

"Your sister just got up and left" he said, then quickly added "I swear I didn't touch her!"

"Well, why didn't you follow her?" I accused, as if everyone would know exactly what to do in that situation. "Did she go back upstairs? Was she still sleepwalking?"

"I don't know, dude. She just left"

He dropped the controller and we both headed up the stairs. Of course, I knew she wasn't up there, but I faked an effort to look around anyway. I was about to feign a mild panic before making a lucky guess that she was headed to school. That's when I noticed something. There, firmly tangled around the front doorknob, was her Pikachu outfit! It must have gotten snagged when she left, and she couldn't risk breaking character to untangle it! That meant Lucy was currently 'sleepwalking' toward her school wearing absolutely nothing. Way better than I could have hoped.

Billy started to helpfully untangle it, but I was already through the door. "Leave it!" I called as if no second could be wasted on such a trivial thing as my sister's clothes. "We have to find her. You go that...wait! I think I know where she's headed. Come on." Then I started running toward the school.

Sure enough, we caught up to her at the edge of our neighborhood. She had just crossed a larger road and entered a walking trail. It had little footbridge which led over a small tree-lined creek then opened up onto a long, wide greenway between two other subdivisions. There, a grassy hill marked the end of the greenway. And on the opposite side of that hill sat Lucy's school.

She had adopted a sort of a zombie walk, but with her hands closed in tight fists at her side, probably to keep them from shaking. Her eyes were also nearly closed, and she still had that blank look on her face. Other than that, she simply looked like a cute, naked tween girl out for a stroll on a nice summer day.

She had maintained a brisk pace, perhaps driven by an innate urge to put distance between herself and Billy. But now that we were escorting her, I noticed her slowing a bit. I couldn't blame her. Every step brought her one pace closer to her doom. It was a beautiful day. How many of her classmates were congregating right now at the playground completely unaware there was a naked girl marching their way?

Leave it up to Billy to state the obvious. "You're not going to let her go to school like this, are you? Half her class will see her naked! Look how hot your sister is, dude. I can see her pussy now. Does she have any hair yet? I can't tell."

Lucy must have been thinking about school too, because while Billy was distracted studying her naked pussy looking for any signs of hair, she dared to break character just long enough to look over at me and desperately mouth the words "Help…me!" I could end her nightmare with two simple words. But I wanted to push her a bit further, just to see how far she was willing to go.

We were now through the trees and in the open. The hill, the last landmark before her school, loomed ahead. And each step she took down the greenway must have taken a heroic effort. I briefly considered making her crest the hill and go through with it, but I didn't want to sabotage her upcoming sixth grade year. She would spend the whole year known as the naked sleepwalker. It was bad enough what Billy had already seen, and he sure seemed like a blabbermouth.

Yet, to her credit, she never broke stride. Finally, mercifully, I decided she had paid for her transgression with the teddy bear.

"Hey, is that a bunny ra..." I didn't even get the full words out of my mouth before Lucy came to a sudden stop and snapped out of her trance.

"Mikey? Where am I?" She asked in confusion. Then she pretended to notice Billy and that she was naked. She screamed and dove behind me for cover, desperately trying (and failing) to cover every part of her with her hands.

"Mikeee! Help! Give me your shirt." She begged to Billy's endless merriment.

"Relax, Lucy. You were sleepwalking again." I calmed her. Then I nobly took off my shirt and handed it to her. She gratefully accepted and donned it, finally ending her long ordeal. It was plenty long enough to cover everything important, but she kept tugging it lower, as if trying to make for the lost time her skin has spent bare. She looked over at the hill, mentally measuring just how close she had come to ultimate humiliation, and immediately started walking in the opposite direction back toward home.

When we got home, I made Lucy apologize to Billy for ruining our afternoon. She did so reluctantly, but Billy said it was the best time he had had in a long time, maybe ever. And he even offered to bring his Super Nintendo back over to play anytime I wanted! Unfortunately, after he left, Lucy swore she would never be in the same room as him if she had anything to say about it. We'll see about that.


Dare Me - Chapter 6 - Lucy's First Bra

I guess Lucy was satiated after that because she didn't ask for more dares the rest of the summer. To my dismay, neither did she let me invite Billy Benson back over. Sadly, that meant the end of my video game odyssey for a while.

We were sitting around the kitchen table one Saturday talking with mom. She had a lot on her plate, and we didn't get chances like this very often. The subject of back-to-school clothes shopping came up. She said money was going to be tight this year (as if it wasn't every year). I told her I was good, and she didn't need to spend anything on me.

Speaking of tight, Lucy's shirts had been growing more and more tight lately. Today, she was wearing a simple cotton tee, but it was definitely built for a younger aged girl. The sleeves were too short, and it had perhaps gone through more than its fair share of wash cycles. The cotton material was stretched thin and the cartoon character on the front was almost completely worn away. In its place stood two small mounds with the outline of Lucy's nipples thrown in prominent relief.

It was already too short, but her swelling bust pulled it into practically a crop top. The hem barely reached the bottom of her rib cage. She was skinny enough there that the bottom hung free, but her entire stomach was bared. Maybe not completely out of place playing outside on a hot summer day, but she would probably be sent home if she showed up to class in that shirt; especially one full of eager, pubescent sixth graders. She would be giving all the boys in her class a free anatomy lesson every day if the rest of her wardrobe was anything like this.

"What about you, Lucy Marie, need anything for school?" mom asked.

That sent Lucy off to the races. She started spouting a verbal list of all the clothes (and accessories, nails, a new hairstyle, etc.) she thought she would need, starting with a first day dress. I could see the pile of debt growing on mom's face as Lucy's list continued unabated.

Mom turned to me and said, "I don't know. What do you think, Michael?"

If you're wondering why she would ask my opinion on my little sister's back to school clothing needs, I should take this moment to explain something about mom. Her relationship with dad had been...incendiary, to say the least. She deferred to him on everything, and he pushed her around a lot; emotionally, I mean. Mom was very submissive, and dad was a jerk, from what I gathered.

He was also what would be referred to at the time as a "womanizer". Now days, he might be categorized as a sex addict. He had a good paying job, a nice home with two young kids, and a beautiful wife. But he just couldn't seem to stop.

I didn't learn about any of this until I was much older, mind you. And I had to piece it together from what little mom told me. I think she tried, but just couldn't keep up with his insatiable desire for ever more extremes. Eventually, he left her, and their two children both under 2 years of age and married a tart from Las Vegas he had hooked up with on a business trip. He died soon after under suspicious circumstances (he was naked when they found him, that's all moms would say). The case was closed but never really resolved. Because of the cloud of doubt surrounding his death, his life insurance policy refused to pay out. Fortunately, our house was fully paid off and the deed was half in mom's name because his new widow took everything else.

I pieced together years later that Lucy must have inherited some of dad's thrill-seeking traits along with a hint of mom's submissiveness. That mix is why the dares appealed to her so. It scratched two completely different itches in the most satisfying way. In the wrong hands, that could have led to disaster for Lucy. I'm glad I was around to watch out for her.

Don't get me wrong, mom wasn't a complete pushover. She could crack the 'mom whip' with the best of them from time to time. But her attempts at parenting usually came in bursts and didn't last long. I think the weight of being both parents and always having to stretch our insufficient funds tended to drain her energy reserves. Anyway, it wasn't exactly out of nowhere that mom would ask me a question like that. I think she was desperate for someone to take some of the decision-making load. I guess that fell to me, the Man of the House.

"Hmm," I began in contemplation. Lucy turned to me nervously when she realized the fate of her shopping budget was in my hands. "She does look a little scruffy. I suppose a haircut is in order. I heard on the radio that the beauty school is offering a back-to-school combo hair and manicure special." Lucy smiled at that. I was proud that I had come up with a way to both make her happy and save some money.

Then I jokingly added "You could always join the army. They give out free buzz cuts!" and proceeded to mime moving an electric shaver over her head. Lucy huffed, but mom couldn't hold back a laugh, which was nice to hear.

It must have invigorated her for someone to work together with her to solve problems, because then she took a moment to actually appraise her daughter. "Hmm, looks like you've been going through a growth spurt." She had finally noticed Lucy was losing her little girl body. "Maybe I should take her shopping this afternoon to pick out a few things?"

Lucy perked up. Shopping trips didn't happen very often in our family, at least not the kind that ended with actual purchases being made. And like any girl her age, it was among her favorite activities. That's when I realized mom's last statement was actually in the form of a question and she had been waiting to hear my opinion on the matter.

I looked over my sister one more time. She preened proudly, expecting some sort of compliment to come out of my mouth. She was getting used to it. Billy Benson had sure had lots of nice things to say about her body. And I overheard plenty of kids on the playground telling her how pretty she was. A stranger had even stopped us last week in town and asked if she did any modeling. I had to admit they were all correct about her. She was growing more incredible by the day.

But I saw it as my duty as a big brother to keep her from getting a big head about it. Getting to watch her vanity bubble burst was just a nice bonus. "Well, I suppose she is getting a little pudgy." I smiled as her perky expression morphed into a frown and her face turned red. She even managed to make anger cute somehow.

I offered my final ruling, "I suppose a few outfits couldn't hurt, and maybe a dress for the first day of school. But don't get carried away. Keep it under $100."

Lucy's wrath was somewhat abated by my partial budget approval. She ran upstairs to get ready to leave. The matter now settled, mom kicked into gear, planning for the rest of the evening. She had a date that night, a rarity for her, and needed to get back in time to get ready for it. But she allocated Lucy three hours to shop together. She mentioned a couple secondhand stores as a way to stretch their budget then said they would need to run by Target to pick out some new underwear and a few training bras.

That last part made more than just my ears perk up. I didn't have any experience to that point with bras. They gave the girls who wore them at school an intriguing shape...or maybe it was the girls who gave the bras their shape. I wasn't quite sure. And of course, I had only seen them completely concealed beneath girls’ shirts. I suppose I had also seen them on mannequins at the store. But other than that, bras were a complete mystery to me; one I was looking forward to unraveling.

All this talk of bras made me want to run to my room for a little "me time". Don't judge! I was a 12-year-old boy in the throes of puberty. At that age, the garbage truck passing by would make me want to run to my room for "me time". Unfortunately, mom was still in problem solving mode. She rarely got like this, but when she did, it usually meant chores for me.

"While we're gone, Michael, I want you to straighten up the house. Also, empty out your backpack and get it ready for the school year. I know you haven't touched it since the start of summer break." she said.

I started to argue, but mom was having none of it. She also wanted me to organize the mud room. It was kind of a landing place when you first entered the house through the garage and tended to collect miscellaneous junk. Not a bad idea to help start the school year out right.

"There's a box in there for Mr. Beski. I guess it got delivered to our house by mistake. I want you to take it over to him. I'll need you to watch Lucy tonight. You can order pizza. I should be back around 11:00.' Then she called up the stairs "Lucy! Come on, we need to leave, now!"

She was rushing around so much, I almost failed to process what she just said. A box for Mr. Beski? I couldn't go over to his house today. It was Saturday! If I showed up to his house with clothes on, he would know something strange was up. My mind whirled. What if he started to doubt Lucy's story? What if he came over and asked mom about it? I would be busted!

I was arguing with mom again as Lucy came back downstairs. Couldn't they drop it off on their way to the store? Couldn't it wait until tomorrow? Couldn't Lucy deliver it? But mom was firmly in parenting mode and no longer open for compromise.

"If that mud room isn't clean and that package has not been delivered to Mr. Beski by the time we get back, you're grounded!" She declared.

Grounded. I had never been grounded before and didn't really even know what it meant. But it didn't sound good. Just like that, my relaxing afternoon was ruined.

Lucy had caught the last of our confrontation. As she walked out the door she called, "Bye, Mikey. Say 'Hi' to Mr. Beski for me!"

I seethed. She was going to pay for that last comment. After they left, I paced the floor trying to figure a way out of my predicament. Alas, as far as I could tell, the only way out was through. I was going to have to walk to Mr. Beski's house and deliver his package naked.

My fingers shook as I untied my shoelaces and stripped naked. Every motion felt like molasses as my body resisted the assignment. Once the last of my clothes were removed, I picked up the box. It was bulky and heavy. I could barely see around it and had to lean back to keep it balanced.

Opening the door, I took a cautious look around then stepped out, no point in dallying. Every step was a struggle. I had to override my mind's instinct to run away and hide. At least the box provided some modesty. Looking from the front, I would look like a young man walking down the sidewalk without a shirt on. Only from the side and back would someone be able to tell I was naked.

My nerves stayed on edge as I walked, jumping at every sound. I kept looking around like Lucy had done when she made this walk a few months ago. I got a taste of what she must have felt like during her dare. Only, as a girl, I imagine it was even that much more embarrassing. Boys are generally less concerned about preserving their modesty.

Mikey Jr. was stiff as a board. But if you think I'm going to go into any more detail about my body or my other physical attributes, think again. Let's just say I would consider myself slightly above average. Girls may not have been lining up to put me in their fantasy like boys did with Lucy, but I wasn't chopped liver, either.

The hardest part (see what I did there?) was ringing Mr. Beski's doorbell. I only realized after the fact that I should have just left the package on his doorstep. Stupid me.

He figured out immediately that I must be Lucy's brother and was clearly disappointed that it wasn't her delivering the package. He said it contained the fabric order that he had offered to make into a dress for her. Oddly, when I looked down at the label, I noticed our address on it. I pieced together that the mailman hadn't mis-delivered it, after all. Mr. Beski, after waiting months for Lucy to return, got impatient and intentionally had a shipment delivered to our house so Lucy would have to bring it over. I handed him the box and quickly moved to cover myself with my hands. I stood there cradling my junk like a naked idiot while Mr. Beski opened it and started pulling out bolts of fabric.

"It's been a while. My measurements may no longer be accurate." he mused, "I hope she can come over soon for a fitting."

Lucy's last words were still ringing in my ears, "Say 'Hi' to Mr. Beski for me."

I was already brainstorming ways to make her pay for that quip as early as tonight but adding a future trip back over to good ole Mr. Beski's house to play dress-up wouldn't hurt.

"We're starting school soon. But I can send her over next Saturday. Will that work?" I offered.

"Perfect!" he exclaimed, "my grandson is coming over Saturday. I've been wanting to teach him a little bit of my craft."

"Awesome," I replied, ironically, "anyway I gotta go."

I didn't dare wait for a response and dismissed myself, a little miffed that he hadn't offered to sew me some clothes. As far as he knew, I spent my Saturdays just as naked as Lucy, after all. But more than anything, I was glad to be out of there!

My trip home went much quicker. I hustled inside and ran straight to my room, not even stopping for my clothes. They would just get in the way of my next activity. I spent a while fantasizing about the girls in my class and their mysterious bras. When I had taken care of things, I got dressed and finished my chores.

When mom got home, at first, I thought she had invited one of her friends over. It took me a second to realize who it actually was. I was floored by Lucy's transformation. The beauty school had done more than give her a haircut. It was now shoulder length, but was styled with soft, bouncy curls. In addition, they appeared to have given her a simple makeover. She had eyeshadow and makeup, and even light red lipstick.

But the transformation did not stop at her head. She was wearing her first day of sixth grade dress. Rather, I should say she was filling out her first day of sixth grade dress very nicely. It was a simple, smock dress with short, frilly sleeves. It had a yellow floral pattern with little blue butterflies which brought out the sparkling blue in her eyes. It came down to her knees, except when she spun, then it flared out so far, I could almost see the tops of her legs.

She wore a pair of strappy sandals with a very small heel on them, a first for her. It caused her to stand subtly differently, somehow, accentuating the womanly curves in her legs. Her finger and toenails had also been painted her favorite color - bubblegum pink. I knew that was the exact same color as her nipples which made it my favorite color, too.

She was so excited that she kept smacking her red lips with a "pop" and fluttering her naturally long eyelashes. And she couldn't seem to stop spinning, fanning her hair out behind her like shimmering silk. She was also inadvertently fanning her dress out and up so high, she almost revealed something she shouldn't. She was going to have to be careful about doing that at school.

But I haven't mentioned her proudest achievement. For underneath the boddice of her dress, little Lucy was sporting her first ever training bra. I couldn't believe what a difference it made. Bras back then were nothing like the high-tech synthetic ones worn today. Sports bras barely existed and weren't for newly developing girls. Most training bras back then were cotton or silk and came in a camisole style.

Lucy's bra was not particularly exotic, the Target special, but somehow it just worked. Her little breasts pushed proudly against their first confinement, granting her the illusion of physical proportions of someone much older than 11 3/4. She could have easily passed for a 16-year-old, or older. She was a knockout. No way around it.

I was hooked watching this newly bra-bound angelic figure spin and twirl. I needed to explore these feelings further. I determined right then that, tonight, she was going to help me with that.

Mom quickly listed off their expense report as if she needed me to sign off on it. They had pretty much stuck to the basics, and it wasn't as much as most kids got. But it was an impressive feat. The shoes had put them over budget, but Lucy had been so smitten with them that she just couldn't say "no". Then it was my turn to give my report.

"I did all my chores, " I announced, "Mr. Beski says 'hi', by the way." Lucy eyed me mischievously. She was checking to see if her suspicion was true. My blush betrayed me and confirmed to her that I had been forced to go over to his house to deliver the package naked. She suppressed a giggle of delight at my humiliation, but I was determined to get the last laugh.

"It was a shipment of fabric. He offered to make Lucy a dress for school, for free!" I announced. Lucy glared at me, but I continued, "he said she could come over next Saturday to try it on. Then he'll make some final adjustments and it should be ready before school starts."


Mom was ecstatic. She wasn't about to pass up a free outfit. Lucy was not so much. She knew I had scheduled it for Saturday on purpose and was setting her up for another afternoon of humiliation at Mr. Beski's house. I didn't even tell her the best part. That Mr. Beski's grandson was also going to be there to help with the fitting.

But that was a problem for another time. Lucy was on such a high, that she was practically buzzing with energy. Mom instructed Lucy to bring in the rest of the shopping bags and be sure and hang up her dress so it wouldn't get wrinkled. Then she hurried off to get ready for her date. Once she was out of sight, Lucy turned to me conspiratorially. She knew I was babysitting her tonight and must have been thinking about it all afternoon.

"So, what do you want to do tonight?" she asked with a nervous quiver in her voice.

I feigned contemplation then said, "I don't know. We could watch TV, or play a game. I'm going to have to order pizza at some point, so that will be fun. Then there will be dishes to..."

Lucy grew more urgent with each word out of my mouth until she couldn't hold it in anymore and blurted it out.

“Dare me"

I looked taken aback, even though I had kind of foreseen it. I spoke hesitantly, "I don't know. After last time...and... you’re growing up. You're not exactly a little girl any-"

As if to negate my claim, she interrupted me, stomping her foot in the most childish manner.

"Mikeeey, come on! Dare me! Mikeeeeeey!"

"It's different now," I explained, giving her newly made-over appearance another glance. "I don't know if I can be responsible for this. And what if you chicken out and make me look stupid?"

"It's fine, I promise. Mikey, I swear I won't chicken out. I'll prove it. Dare me right now!"

I caved. She was just so desperate. "Ok, but if you chicken out at any point, this will be the last one...ever! Got it?"

She bit her lip and nodded, her big doe-eyes staring up at me with as much conviction as she could muster.

"Well, in that case since mom did tell you to hang your dress up. Lucy, I dare you to put your dress away and come back down in just your bra and panties, nothing else. And mom has to see you. That means you have until she leaves to get back down here with a good excuse."

Lucy's eyes fluttered. She opened her mouth as if to ask a follow-up question, or maybe to argue the particulars. Then she must have realized it was pointless and that she was just wasting precious time. Instead, she turned without a word and headed outside to retrieve the rest of her haul from the car. It had begun.

This was going to be fun. Not only was I about to get to see more of the new and improved Lucy, but I was also going to knock her down a peg in the process. She was acting all grown-up, flaunting not only her new bra, but also her new hairstyle and make-up. But now in front of mom, I was going to make her plead the innocence of a child. What other excuse for wanting to wear only her underwear around the house this evening could she possible employ that wouldn't get her in trouble? It was her only play. That's what made it so perfect.

As dares went, it was pretty mild. But I had no intention of stopping there. I was going to ramp it up, but first I very much wanted for Lucy to model her new bra for me.

In an attempt to not look suspicious, I went into the living room and pretended to watch TV. But really, I was picturing Lucy up in her room removing her dress and hanging it up carefully to avoid wrinkles. Then she probably stopped at the mirror to check out how she looked in her newly acquired intimate apparel. She must also have been thinking about the dare, wracking her brain for every possible excuse she could use on mom, then settling on the obvious one. Now it was just a matter of time.

My stomach grumbled, so I went ahead and ordered the pizza a little early. Don't judge. I was a growing boy and always starving. Then I settled back in the living room. Eventually, I heard stirring. Mom had emerged from her bedroom. She was meeting her date at a restaurant and would be leaving soon. Lucy's time was getting short.

Mom poked her head in the doorway and said "I'll leave money for the pizza on the counter. Don't stay up too late." then as if she didn't know what else to say, she added "and, no parties."

I rolled my eyes and said "Ok, you have fun." then turned back to the TV lazily; hoping she wouldn't notice the jittery excitement seething beneath my mask of boredom. I looked at the wall clock. Any...second...now...there!

"Lucy Marie Jenkins!" I heard mom declare from the entryway, "what in the world do you think you're doing? Why aren't you dressed?"

Normally I would have rushed to see what was happening at those words. But instead, I didn't move a muscle. I had to play it cool. If I jumped in too soon or was seen as too eager, I could blow my chances. So, I just sat there and listened intently.

"What do you mean, mom?" Lucy replied, her voice as innocent as new snow. "You told me to go hang my dress up."

"Yes," mom said, "but I meant for you to put something else on after. I mean, Michael is right there in the other room. You don't want him to see your underthings?!"

I grinned. I had already seen so much more than that. Also, it was hilarious that mom called them "underthings".

"So what? I don't care." Lucy ensured with an extra helping of nonchalance, "Can't I just wear my bra a little longer? At the store you said it was like wearing a two-piece swimsuit. So, what's the big deal? It's just Mikey."

At this point, with my name having been uttered twice, it would be weird if I didn't come to investigate. So that's what I did, after adjusting my shorts to hide any evidence of excitement. A typical young girl would run screaming from the room if her older brother walked in on her in her underwear. But Lucy had painted herself into a corner and had to stand there without covering up at all.

I had similarly prepared myself not to react. It had to seem to mom like it really was no big deal.

"What's all this 'just Mikey' talk?" I asked, pretending really not to be all that interested in the situation.

Mom studied me, looking perplexed. She had been almost out the door to her date and was completely blindsided by her daughter's sudden and unusual behavior. What she really needed was for a co-parent to deal with this. I was the closest thing she had at the moment.

"Michael, " she began in exasperation, "Lucy has decided she doesn't want to wear clothes tonight. She says it doesn't bother her if you see her in her underwear. What do you think?"

I looked over at Lucy as if I hadn't even noticed her until mom brought it up. My first impression was one of disappointment. She had not followed my instructions. She was indeed in her underwear, but she had also put on a new pair of brightly colored, and very childish socks. Maybe she figured they were needed to sell mom the idea that she was just trying out her new purchases. But it kind of spoiled the allure.

The rest of her, though, was heavenly. My second thought was surprise. She was indeed wearing one of her new training bras, a simple white camisole with a pale rose right in the middle. But I didn't know they had bought her a set, with a matching pair of panties. And these weren't like the little girl panties she wore in the past. These panties were cut differently, with less material, and lace embellishments. My mouth went dry, and I almost broke character, but was able to hold it together with some effort.

I shrugged then offered my opinion.

"I think it's fine, mom. It looks like a swimsuit to me. If Goosey wants to play dress-up with her new outfits, I don't mind."

Lucy clearly didn't appreciate me treating her like such a child. But I knew it's what mom needed to hear. She wasn't ready to admit her little girl was growing up. Finally, she glanced at her watch, and I knew the ruse had worked. She was deferring to my judgement in the matter. She told us goodbye and to be good, and then she was off.

Lucy stood demurely after mom left. Her feet were tilted slightly inward, perhaps a sign of shyness about what was maturing between her legs, and her arms hugged her midsection. I think she was anticipating a further challenge from me, but I threw her for a loop.

"Welp, good job kiddo." I spoke. "Mission accomplished. You can go get dressed now."

I was bluffing. Of course, I didn't want her to get dressed! More than anything, I wanted to get closer to better appreciate the way her nascent mounds filled those cute little pockets of her training bra. Or figure out how her new panties managed to stay up without any apparent waistband. But oblivious little Lucy completely bought my bluff.

"What?! That's it? That's the whole thing?" she exclaimed. "That was waaaay too easy! Come on, Mikeeey. You really can't dare me any better than that? You're pathetic!"

"Ok, Goosey, ok. That's enough!" I said forcefully and she immediately fell into palpable silence while I pondered her fate.

I did have an idea for a dare from a boy at school. Eric’s uncle had told him this story from his youth. Supposedly, he used to deliver pizzas and this one time a lady answered the door in just a bathrobe. And when he went to hand her the pizza, she dropped the robe. The story was apocryphal, and more than likely bullshit. Eric was prone to exaggeration. But horny, pubescent boys would latch onto any story if it involved a naked lady.

I considered the possibility of daring Lucy to receive the pizza in her underwear, or less. But then I got a genius idea to sort of combine it with another story Eric liked to tell. One time, while he was at his grandmother's house, his cousin got in trouble. Supposedly, she was forced to stand facing the wall with her pants down for 30 minutes. Again, Eric was probably full of shit, but whatever.

"You want to play dress-up in your 'underthings'?" I started in a confrontational tone; her taunts had gotten to me. "Fine! I dare you, for the rest of the summer, to spend every evening in nothing but your bra and panties."

Her eyes fluttered as she processed my dare, but I was wound up by now and far from done. "And furthermore, since you disobeyed me, you're going to have an extra punishment tonight. Take those stupid socks off and put your nose to the wall."

Admitting the socks were a moment of weakness on her part, she quickly stripped them off and tried to apologize, but I cut her off with an admonishment. I had made the rules clear, "nothing else" and she had broken them. She brought it on herself. Now she was going to pay. She huffed, but reluctantly complied and turned to face the wall so that her round, panty-clad rump now faced the room.

I went and got the kitchen timer, setting it to 30 minutes, and placed it beside her on the entryway table. That's when she started to realize her role in tonight's festivities. I had already ordered the pizza. So, when the pizza boy arrived, he would clearly get to see Lucy standing at attention like a scolded child; her punishment clock counting down the remaining minutes. It wasn't far from the truth. At least she would still have her underwear on; or so she thought! I left her alone for a few minutes to stew and ponder her fate, before coming back into the room.

"Hmm," I scowled as I studied the scene, "Something's not right". I couldn't place my unease at first...then I figured it out. She was too excited. A child in her situation that had just been punished would be pouting and embarrassed. She was neither.

"Put your hands above your head" I tried. Lucy flinched, but obeyed, placing her palms flat against the wall just above her head.

That certainly drew more attention the shape of her figure. Had her bottom grown more rounded? Or did her new panties just accentuate her curves more? It was nice, but I wanted more.

"Better, but I'm just not buying it. Hold still. I need to make some adjustments."

Lucy obeyed, holding perfectly still as I approached her from behind.

"Mikey?" she whispered, but I shushed her.

"Relax, kiddo. I've seen it all before. I'm just gonna make it more believable."

I realized my hands were sweating when I reached for the top of her panties. I could see the intricate lace detail better up close. In addition, I could faintly see through the fabric where the two globes of her tight bottom came together to form her crack. I took a moment to appreciate the view of her ripening bottom. Then I hooked my thumbs, one on each side of her panties, and dragged them downward. Slowly, the silky fabric peeled away leaving nothing but naked Lucy flesh.

I kept dragging my hands down the gentle curve of her young hips, pulling her panties with me until her entire bottom was bare.

"Spread your legs" I said, and she complied. It was the only way her panties would have stayed in place when I let go.

I stepped back to inspect my work. This was much better. Her panties now bunched up just below her bare bottom which faced the front door perfectly, a welcome sight to any visitor. Her feet were spread just wider than her shoulders, forming a perfect thigh gap. Her pussy would have been visible from behind if not for the bunched-up fabric of her panties getting in the way.

Lucy's demeanor had also changed as a result of the increased exposure. I don't know quite how to explain it. She still had a buzz of excitement, but her giddiness had been replaced by creeping dread. But I still wasn't done.

"Hmm" I scowled again, and somehow, even with her arms above her head, her shoulders slumped.

I approached her again, but this time my aim was a little higher. When I was close enough, I noticed her hair no longer smelled like strawberries. She must have outgrown that little girl shampoo. She smelled nice in a way that is hard to describe. I inhaled, thinking if I could bottle and sell that intoxicating scent, I would be a millionaire. Then I went to work.

She jumped when she felt my hands gently embrace her torso, just beneath her bra. It was the first time I had ever really touched a girl. She was unbelievably soft. I slowly moved my hands up until they reached the bottom of her bra. She inhaled and I felt her chest expand. It stayed that way as she held her breath. Gripping the bottom hem, I peeled upwards. The fabric gave way as the bottom of her breasts were revealed. I kept going until I felt resistance and realized the bra had snagged on her stiff little nipples. I gently tugged more and more firmly until, first her left breast, then her right one gave up the fight and popped out with a satisfied little jiggle. They looked very excited to be out.

I kept pulling the bra up, first over her smooth armpits, then over her head until the soft blonde curls of her new hairstyle fell back into place. I stopped there, letting the bra hang uselessly between her arms above her head. She finally resumed breathing as I stepped back once again.

It was perfect. Now she looked like a girl who had truly misbehaved. Her clothing was long gone. Even her new matching underwear set, the last vestiges of her modesty, were on the verge of being stripped away. She must have done something truly wrong to deserve this.

Lucy let out a little whimper, probably realizing what a sight she was about to make for the pizza boy. She squirmed slightly, but to her credit, kept her feet firmly planted to the floor and her nose firmly against the wall as the seconds ticked by.

When we heard engine of the delivery car approaching, Lucy whimpered again. It was nearly showtime! Alas, if Lucy was the one on display, why couldn't I shake this feeling of unease? I reassessed her once more.

"Hmm, something is still not right........Aha!" I exclaimed as I figured out what was missing and approached her one last time. "Sorry, Goosey, just hold still. You're not going to like this."

Then I wound up, and gave her bottom two solid smacks, one on each cheek. Lucy yipped in surprise and real tears welled up on her face. It occurred to me that might be the first time in her life she had ever been spanked. Mom wasn't much of a disciplinarian. Just then, the doorbell rang, and I turned to answer it.

"That will be $13.29----woah!" the pizza boy answered as I let the front door swing open wide and Lucy's exposed body came into view. I knew her face must be burning with humiliation. I realized I had forgotten the money on the counter and ran to retrieve it. When I got back, he had let himself into the entryway.

"Soooo, what's up?" he asked as I handed him a $20. Somehow, he was able to make change without his gaze ever leaving Lucy.

"Oh, sorry about my sister," I glanced back at her as I spoke, as if I had forgotten she was even in the room. But then the unexpected sight before me made me do a double take. Because instead of her usual flawless, fair skin, my sister was now displaying two bright red handprints upon her bottom, one on each cheek. It was better than I ever could have planned. And to top it off, she was sniffling.

I recovered enough to finish the explanation I had prepared for why my sister was nearly naked. "She got her first training bra today and was being a brat. So, she's in timeout."

The pizza boy inched closer to Lucy. But I intercepted him with his $2 tip (don't judge, we were poor. And, besides $2 was a lot more back then!)

"Uh, thanks," he said to the tip, then added, "hey, um, if you ever order pizza again, be sure and ask for Kyle."

"Kyle, right, got it" I promised. Then I offered him my hand to shake, hoping he would take the hint and leave. "Mike. Nice to meet you."

He shook it but his eyes never left Lucy's backside. "And this is?" he inquired, trying to extend this interaction as long as possible.

"Lucy, don't be rude" I ordered, "Say 'Hi' to Mr. Kyle."

She squeaked out "Nice to meet you." into the wall but didn't dare turn around. It hardly counted as a meeting.

"I like your new bra." suddenly chatty Kyle remarked, inching even closer.

"Thanks" she squeaked again then squirmed a bit causing her naked hips to swivel adorably.

Caught up in the moment, I just had to interject. "Yeah, it has a pretty rose on the front. Lucy, show Mr. Kyle your rose."

Everybody froze, and for a few seconds, I thought time had stopped or something. But then, as if in slow motion, inch by inch, Lucy turned around. Gradually, her front side replaced her back side as the feature presentation. With her arms raised and nearly her entire body exposed it made her look like a statue of a Greek goddess. Her body looked amazing, like it had been sculpted out of precious marble.

Her bra was still tangled in her arms above her head. And there was nothing to cover her most intimate assets. Her breasts stood proudly on her chest, daring Kyle to reach out and fondle them. One more step and he would be close enough to do exactly that. Her cute little nipples were stiffer than I had ever seen them and looked perhaps even a shade or two darker than usual.

Forgetting to keep her feet spread, she pulled them together, probably a subconscious attempt to counteract her diminished modesty. That was a mistake. Because her hips hadn't grown big enough yet to hold up her panties alone, and now unsupported, her panties instantly slid down her legs and fell to the floor in a heap. Now she was truly naked.

Her blue eyes were still watery from the spanking, and a tiny bit had overflowed onto her cheeks just enough to make little streaks in her makeup. Then I noticed her eyes weren't the only slightly moist thing on her body. Her little pussy lips glistened with moisture, twinkling in the light whenever she moved. And another thing. At the very top where her lips came together, there was an extra little fold or crease there. I had never seen that before.

"Very nice," Kyle remarked, and I don't think he wasn't referring to Lucy's bra.

He inched another half step closer to my naked sister. That's when I realized how precarious this situation really was.

"I have some experience with brat siblings." He offered, "I could help discipline Lucy, if you want." When he started to reach for Lucy, her big eyes darted over to me, begging me for help.

This was getting out of hand. I had to think of something quick!

"No! I think we're fine here...anyway......" I had just started talking without knowing where I was going, but I was able to luck my way into saving the day by suddenly calling out, "HEY MOOOOM, PIZZA's HERE!"

Kyle recoiled. He had been operating under the assumption that we kids were alone in the house. I was bluffing, of course. Mom wasn't home. But he bought it. Rather than risk being caught by some lady ogling, or worse, fondling, her naked daughter, Kyle decided it was time to hit the road.

Strangely, Lucy did not eat any pizza that night. As soon as her timer expired, she ran straight upstairs and stayed in her room the rest of the night. But true to her word, she did come back down every night for the next two weeks in a different bra and panty set. I got to see and know each of them very well, but my favorite will always be her first one - the one with the rose.

