The Mall
by MsSweeney

You take your slut to the mall.

You tell me to get ready because you are taking me to the mall to show me off. You instruct me to wear my tightest pair of jeans, my blue wedge boots, and a pink blouse that shows my breasts in a great way. You change my home collar to my public collar. It is less noticeable, but allows you to guide me around as needed.

You lead me around the mall for a while not saying anything, going in and out of several different stores, never stopping for more than a minute to look at merchanise before moving on. I don't know what's going on but I stay quiet. I know better than to question you.

You finally stop after an hour, pull me towards you and say, "Are you hungry? I think I'm really hungry."

As we are in public, I quietly reply, "Yes, Sir" but before I even finish the sentence you have already started leading me towards the food court.

We don't sit, instead you put your backpack down on a table and tell me to stand in front of the pole next to us. You're wearing dark jeans, a brown belt, a dark green T-shirt, and your work boots. You unzip your backpack and I see you touch your orange bondage rope. I start to panic, so for the first time I speak.

"Are we going to eat?" I whisper timidly.

You stop and take your hand off the rope and turn to me.

"I am but first I want to feast on my slut. Put on your mask."

I don't move. You stare directly in my eyes.

"I said Put. On. Your. Mask."

I do as instructed. The mask allows me to submit to you and stop thinking about the food court full of people. You unbutton my jeans and lower the zipper. You then rip the buttons off my shirt as you tell me to step out of my pants. My shirt comes off and I'm in my bra and thong and boots.

"Raise your arms above your head." you say sternly.

You take the rope and tie my wrists above my head against the pole. I know better than to speak unless addressed.

You put your hand around my throat and almost growl. "Tell me whose slut you are."

"I'm your slut, Sir."

"That's right. And I want to stare at my naked slut while I eat my lunch."

You unhook my bra and move it out of the way. Then you rip my thong off. I can feel the cold of the pole against my ass. I don't feel you next to me anymore. I realize you left to get your food and I can't tell if you're back until I think I hear your chair squeak. I'm not thinking about the other mall shoppers. I can hear them all around me. But I'm on display for my Sir only. Thinking of you devouring your lunch as you sit and devour me with your eyes starts to get me wet.

Suddenly you speak, "Something is not right. It's not fair for all of these people to have to sit and not be able to touch my slut. I think I should let them explore."

As I was not asked a question, I do not respond. Internally my heart is starting to beat faster as I imagine being explored by the crowd of strangers in the food court. I am practically dripping at the idea when you walk closer and whisper in my ear.

"Tell me how much of a slut you are, Bunny. Tell me how you want to be used for your Sir."

"I am a very dirty slut for you, Sir. It would turn me on very much to be able to be used in public while you watch."

"That's my good girl." Your voice drifts away as you find your first volunteers. "You know, if you are a really good girl, maybe I'll let some of our new friends play with your toys with you."

I hear you pull out your chair and it squeaks again as you sit. You take a large sip of your drink as I wait to feel the hands of a stranger on my body. My skin shivers as someone with very soft hands rubs the small of my back. Her touches are light and pleasant as she feels my stomach and runs her fingers down my thigh. I imagine you sitting, finishing your meal as I am used like the good slut that I am.
