Tickle Fight Plus 
by Emma
This happened yesterday at my friend Samantha’s house. It’s been blazing hot and she has a pool so she invited me over to go swimming. It was Samantha, me, her boyfriend Trey, and my crush Steve. We are sort of dating but not officially going out yet. Anyway Samantha and I were in skimpy 2 piece bikini’s showing off our bods to tease the boys. I was wearing a string bikini that tied on the sides. Her Dad was not home so we had the whole afternoon to ourselves. Trey went out the store to get some drinks. 

Samantha was standing by the edge of the pool so I decided to toy with her and push her in when she wasn’t looking. As she fell in she grabbed my arm pulling me in too. We both fell in with a big splash. She was like that’s it now you are really going to get it. She grabbed me and started tickling and dunking me in the water. I fought back and we both got into a wrestling match trying to dunk each other. She screamed for Steve to help so he jumped in to and made it two on one. No fair. He grabbed me from behind as Samantha went at it tickling me all over. She kept tickling my sides and thighs but also kept tickling my triangle and pushing her finger in my butt from behind too though my bikini. I tried to get away but Steve had me around the waist from behind so I couldn’t. I swatted at Samantha scratching her back by accident. Samantha attacked me ticking me harder and trying to reach down inside my bikini bottoms saying she I was really going to get it now. Steve kept dunking me and that’s when I felt someone pull my bikini bottom strings. I am not sure if it was Steve or Samantha but my bikini bottoms came undone. With all the dunking and tickling I couldn’t keep my bottoms on. They slipped down my legs and there was nothing I could do. They floated down to the bottom of the pool. I yelled that my bottoms we coming off and they both said good maybe they should take my top off too and finish the job. I kicked and tried to get away but they pulled me back yanking my bikini top lose from behind. Laughing they stripped my top off taking it away. 

They sandwiched in between me pinning me in between them totally naked, Steve behind me and Samantha in front smooshed against me. Samantha started playing with my boobs and touching my pussy tickling it. She told Steve I needed to be punished for being such a brat so he started tickling from behind. He started touching and squeezing my butt pulling me cheeks apart. Then he wiggled a finger up into my butt. Samantha did the same up front rubbing her middle finger back and forth between my legs till she got a finger inside my pussy. Holding my hands they both finger fucked my asshole and pussy for a few minutes ordering me to admit I was a brat. Steve had a huge erection in his trucks and was humping my naked butt. I refused at first saying no matter what they did to me I would not. My pussy got really warm and wet and Samantha found my clit. She fingered and toyed with it till I was afraid I’d come. Samantha said that I was really liking this and told Steve that maybe he should fuck me up the butt to teach me a lesson. Steve undid his trucks and took his fat dick out. Under the water he tried to push it up my asshole. He got the head pushed in stretching my cheeks apart and that’s when I gave in. I said ok I admit I am a brat and they won. They laughed and let me go. 

Samantha snatched my bikini top and bottoms from the water and they both got out of the pool quickly leaving me totally naked in the pool. I got out naked covering my boobs and crotch as best I could. But it wasn’t over. They would not let me have my bathing suite back or even let me cover with a towel. They they’d make me go home naked unless I did what ever they demanded. 

They led me by the hand to the steam room in the back of the yard behind the pool. Samantha and Steve said I had to finish the job so they made me lie on my stomach totally naked. Steve took out his ½ hard dick again. He put it in his mouth saying I must suck it so I did. It got rock hard as he pumped it in and out of my mouth while Samantha toyed with my pussy and asshole fingering and spreading them. I got super wet and horny again with her fingering and playing with my clit. She said I had a sexy ass and wanted to see a dick in it. We were all sweaty and glistening from the hot steam. They traded places and Steve got behind me. I said I had never gotten ass fucked before and Samantha said don’t worry and just relax and go with it. Samantha ordered me arch my back and stick my ass out. She spread my cheeks wide and slowing fingered my asshole. She reached underneath and continued playing with my slippery wet pussy as Steve pushed in hard boner into my asshole. He got the whole head in and then pushed his weight down from ontop sinking his whole stiff cock into my stretched out butthole. He fucked my butt moving faster and faster till he was pile driving me. With Samantha fingering me I felt a wave come over me and came like 5 times over and over before Steve exploded pumping tons of sperm into my asshole and all over my open ass. Samantha held my ass apart saying that was so hot watching it dribble down all in my crack. She pulled her bottoms down and rubbed her pussy till she came shaking and shuddering cupping her own ass and playing with her own asshole right there in from of us. 

We finished and cleaned off. They let me get dressed and we all took a nice swim into the pool to wash off. A few minutes later Trey came back from the store. We never said a word about what happened. Guess he missed out big time. 
 
Sunday, September 2nd 2007 - 01:33:26 PM




 