Susie's Nice Day at the Park
bymotbitro©

Susie, my fun-loving, sexy, dick-teasing girlfriend, was clearly up to something. The way she was dressed told me so.

Susie was always a sexy, but also a very cute, dresser and today was no exception. We had no plans, other than to go to the park to get some sun. She came bounding out of the house toward my car and I immediately got ... interested.

Her pleated skirt was way too short, the hem resting just below her pussy and her ass. Susie undoubtably knew this ... and loved it. And, so did I. After all, this was one of the skirts I had shortened - perhaps this one was shortened "just a little too much." As she walked, her skirt would flip up just a little ... revealing what was underneath.

Susie climbed into the car, sat down then leaned over and gave me a kiss. As she sat back into the seat, her skirt hem was up, showing about an inch of her panties. I didn't say anything, I just drove away.

On the way to the park, we chit-chatted for a while about nothing important. Then Susie asked, "Hey, is this skirt too short? I mean, can you see anything?"

I, of course, blew it off like it was nothing, "Too short? Naaa, your skirt looks cute. I mean, well, I could see your panties, but nobody really cares about that... But, I'm surprised you're wearing that old bra, though. It's just not very attractive, it's very distracting."

Susie was wearing a light blue, very thin, Under Armour top. It was a workout top, tight around her beautiful 34-inch boobs. I had cut off the bottom the shirt, so it ended just below her boobs.

Susie was looking down at her boobs, "Really, not very attractive? But this bra is really thin, I thought it would look sporty and kind of sexy. Gosh - my nipples really show through, huh?"

I said, "Well sorry, just being honest. It just doesn't look good." I went on, "I caught a couple of shots of your little, white, see-thru panties when you were walking to the car. They looked ok if you like granny-panties. Look, you can see them now because your skirt is pulled a little up." And I put my finger on her panty-covered pussy and rubbed up and down between her soft lips. "I guess they are ok, if you want that granny-type look."

I never tried to give Susie too many compliments, like saying she was sexy. I always wanted her to try harder to get and keep my attention!

I said, "Maybe you should change tops?" I knew she didn't want to do that, she liked showing off.

She said, "We don't want to go all the way back home. Maybe I can try taking my bra off? With this top, it shouldn't be too bad."

I said, "Well, it might be worth a try."

And with that, Susie slowly took off her top in the car and playfully put it on my lap. Then she took off her bra. Of course, there was traffic all around us. I put her window down to make it feel more exciting. And then I honked the horn to get a little attention. She looked at me and said, "Hey, they can see me, come on, gimme my shirt back."

Sure enough, a guy driving in a car next to us put his window down and yelled over, "Hey - nice tits, sweetheart!"

I knew this would turn Susie on. She got up on her knees, faced the open window and said, "Hey cutie, is this a better view?" When she did that I put my hand up her skirt in the back between her legs and began playing with her pussy.

Susie was moaning, slowly moving her ass. She used her hands to cover her boobs, but the cover up didn't work very well.

The guy in the car yelled, "You look a little turned-on!"

Susie said, "Well, he's... um... about to finger me." Susie was enjoying showing off. "You're cute, would you like to play with me, too?"

Before the guy could say anything, I said no. Susie protested, "Come on, this could be fun."

But I told her, "We are just out to enjoy the park, and maybe if you're good, I'll take you to dinner later."

Susie sat back down and said, "Well ok, but I didn't bring a suit to lay-out."

I put my hand back on her pussy and said, "Well, you might be able to get away with laying-out in your old-lady underwear. Glad you wore those, we won't have to worry about anybody getting turned-on if they see them."

I knew that comment would get to her. She said, "These are not old lady underwear, they are sexy, look - they're see-thru."

I simply said, "I didn't notice, grandma. Now, be a good old lady and put your top back on." As I was saying this, I put the tip of my finger in between her pussy lips.

Susie moaned, "Ok, just don't take your finger out of me, please."

We were close to the park and Susie was close to an orgasm. I pulled my finger out and said, "More later, OK?"

We pulled into the park parking lot, got out, took our blanket and walked to a nice, sunny spot. Susie always liked being within close eye sight of other people that she could tease. Today was no exception.

As we sat down, I asked if she noticed anything. She said that all the other girls (they were only 10 feet away) were in bikinis. I asked her if she'd like to swing back home to get her bikini. But she said, "It's too far and it's such a nice day." She pouted, "I guess I'll be ok."

I said, "You probably won't like this idea, but why don't we just see if your granny panties will work as a bikini before we go all the way back home? I mean, people might not even notice."

To get her turned-on, I asked, "Would it bother you to be laying-out in front of everyone in just your panties? I promise not to stare."

She mumbled, "I'll try it for a while, just let me know if you think anyone is noticing, ok?"

She pulled her skirt off and laid there in her sexy, white panties with her top exposing the bottom half of her boobs. It was stunning - I immediately got a hard-on. I could hear the comments from the people sitting around us. Several of the guys had there phones out and were taking pictures.

We laid there for 10 minutes or so. I looked over to Susie then I got up on my side and said, "Susie, my gosh look at your fucking nipples. They are as hard as hell! Its like you don't have any top on at all. I didn't realize your shirt was so easy to see-thru. WoW, I'll bet everyone loves this."

Susie slowly raised her hand up and pretended to wipe something off her stomach. Then she slowly moved her hands up to her boobs and pretended to wipe more stuff off her top. Of course, she was actually feeling how hard her nipples were under her very thin top.

She moaned a little. I said, "Let me help you." And I brushed my hands over her nipples, again pretending to wipe something off her top, stopping only to lightly squeeze her left nipple. As I did this, Susie was squirming a little. I "accidentally" raised her shirt exposing her nipple.

I said, "Damn, hey, I'm sorry, but your shirt is sort of sitting above one of your sexy nipples. But, I guess it's better for the pics and videos those guys are taking."

Susie said, "Really? Videos? Do my old granny panties look OK?"

I said, "They actually look sensational, geeze, I can see right thru them. You know, they look a little high on your waist, though."

Susie said, "Maybe you should you lower them a little?" And she moved her hand to rest against my cock.

I reached over and lowered them 3 inches, barely above the top of her sweet pussy lips. The guys and girls around us were captivated.

I told Susie, "You are making quite a scene here. Everyone loves it."

She said, "Really?? I'm so hot right now. Please let me blow you, even for just a second."

I teased her some more, "Susie, your pussy lips look like they are throbbing. Man, would I love to finger you right now. I'd put my fingers so far in and I'd move them all around. Then I'd pull them out and push them back in over and over again. By the way, your panties aren't really covering you."

Susie was really getting hot. "Can you pleeeeease finger me for them?"

"You really want me to finger you in front of them?"

Susie moaned, "Yes, its ok, just do it."

I couldn't resist, "OK, but only for a second. And first, I have to ask you a couple of questions because I want to do it just right. First, how much of my finger do you want me to put in, just a little or a lot?" I reached over and brushed her panties and, of course, rubbed her pussy, pretending like I was brushing something away.

Susie said, "Oh ... I'm so horny, please stick it in me as far as you can."

I said, "Well, OK. How many fingers, 1 or 2?"

She moaned, "Come on, two, give me two."

I reached over and brushed her pussy again, this time my hand lingered on her for about 10 seconds. Susie squirmed, trying to get my fingers to go down on her further. She was definitely turned-on. She brushed her hand over her boobs to expose her nipples a little more. She again pretended not to know.

All of a sudden, we heard one of the girls who was sitting in back of us call to her. She said, "Hey Ms. Sexy-chick, I love your suit. Can my boyfriend and I get a closer look?"

Susie mumbled, "Sure, come on over."

The couple came over, sat down on our blanket and introduced themselves as Mike and Jen. Jen quickly gave Susie some compliments, "You have a rock-star body. Mike couldn't keep his tongue in this mouth. He just had to see more of it. So, what's it like just laying out in your sexy little panties? Every time he touched you, we thought he is was going to finger you! It was very sensuous!"

Susie said, "Could you really tell these were panties and not a bikini? He said no one would notice since they were granny panties."

Mike laughed, "Granny panties? Wow! I wish Jen would wear something like this out here. What a turn-on!"

I said, "You should feel them, they are really smooth, like silk. Its ok if he just feels how smooth they are, right Susie?"

She replied, "Go for it, Mike, its OK, you can feel them. I hope you ... like it."

Mike didn't hesitate. He cautiously reached over and put his hand in her stomach, then slowly lowered it to the top of her panties. He said, "What a flat tummy. But what about these panties? They are really smooth. I love these, my fingers glide over them. Jen, you should get some of these." Mike continued to rub Susie and he moved his fingertips inside her waist band. His fingers were rubbing between her pussy lips. His girlfriend, Jen, was getting turned-on watching it.

I said, "Go ahead, Jen. You can feel them, too."

Jen said, "I will, but first, look at her nice, round perky boobs. What beautiful nipples. Let me raise the shirt a little more, do you care Susie? Oh, look at these nipples, Wow. Mike, would you let me show-off like this if I wanted to? Look, she's showing her boobs and cute pussy?" Jen playfully squeezed and rubbed Susie's boobs and nipples. Meanwhile, Mike was rubbing Susie's pussy lips.

Susie was moaning, she said, "Tell your boyfriend to finger me and can I please play with his cock just a little?"

Jen replied, "Well, sounds like our cutie here is getting a little hot and bothered, huh? What's getting to you, is it that my boyfriend has his hands all over you and is rubbing your pussy lips over your sexy panties? Does that feel good? It sure looks good. I bet you want more, don't you? I know Mike pretty well, he'd give anything to stick his finger and his cock in you right now. Is that what you want, too? Or are you hot because those guys keep taking pics of you while you get groped with your titties out. Well, how does this feel?"

Jen leaned over, lowered her face and began kissing and licking Susie's boobs.

Susie moaned, "Keep going, I'm going to cum. Ohhh, I'm going to cum."

Jen took her mouth off Susie's boobs and went on. "Maybe it's because you are laying in front of everyone in just these little, sexy panties which everyone can see thru. Maybe we should just take them off."

Susie moved her hand and put it on Jen's lap. She began rubbing Jen's pussy over her suit.

Jen loved it. She said, "Ohhh, wow, don't stop, play with my pussy some more. But let me see what your panties taste like, ok?" She leaned over further and put her face on Susie's pussy. Because of her hair, you really couldn't see what she was doing. Susie was squirming and moving her hips.

Susie said, "She's licking my pussy. Mike, put your cock in my hand, come on."

Jen slowly sat up and said, "I love the taste of you pussy, but we better cool down a little, huh? Maybe this will help." And she took her water bottle and poured water all over Susie's chest and her pussy. Then she said, "Oh my, Susie, now your little shirt and panties are completely see-thru."

Mike said, "I'll cover her up." He did so by laying on his back and putting his head on Susie's lap. Because he was laying on his back, it looked very casual, but the back of his head was resting on Susie's pussy. Mike would move his head a little from side to side to rub her pussy, it was driving Susie wild. He said to Susie, "Your top is crazy sexy, I love those nipples."

Susie said, "Do you want to feel them?"

Jen said, "Of course he does, but let me help you get comfortable, Susie." And she moved over and lifted Susie's head and put in on her lap. Now Susie's head was laying on Jen's pussy.

Jen put her hands on Susie's boobs, lightly caressing them. Susie was moaning. Mike wasn't about to be left out of the fun. He slowly turned his head in Susie's lap until the side of his face was on Susie's pussy.

To a casual observer, it just looked like Mike's face was resting on her belly. But, as he moved his head, Susie was moaning. Then Mike began turning his face and would kiss Susie's belly ... and then he would turn more and would lick and kiss her pussy.

Susie moaned, "Your boy friend is kissing my pussy, it feels sooo good. Mike, keep going, please keep going, stick your tongue in me." Mike did more than that. He took his hand and pretended to use it as a pillow. This placed his hand directly on Susie's pussy. He was moving his fingers to rub her pussy lips. Then he slowly moved his fingers inside of her panties, then inside of her.

Jen said, "If my boyfriend is kissing your pussy, then you can kiss mine."

Susie turned her head and began licking Jen's pussy lips. Jen loved it, she was saying, "Lick me, come on, stick that tongue in me." Susie did just that, licking Jen's pussy.

Susie mumbled to Mike, "Mike, please take my panties off, please?"

Mike put his fingers in her waistband and began lowering her panties. His mouth was all over Susie's tunny and her pussy. Susie was raising her hips to make it easier for Mike and, of course, she was humping Mike's face. Her panties were half way down her thighs. Mike said, "I'm giving these to Jen."

Susie reached up and began lowering Jen's bikini down her butt. Jen was squirming and was slowly mumbling, "Take them ... off of ... me. Show my ass."

I looked over to Mike and Susie, Mike had Susie's panties down past her knees. I said, "Better hurry Mike, we better get out of here."

Susie mumbled, "We aren't leaving until someone cums in my mouth."

Mike looked at me and I said, "Hey, she gives great blow jobs. Go for it."

Mike didn't hesitate. He moved around so that Susie could get his hard-on into her mouth. Susie grabbed his cock and began licking and kissing it, up and down the shaft. Then she moaned, "Come on Mr. Beautiful cock, cum in my mouth, cum in my mouth for me so Jen can see it."

Mike was fingering Susie like crazy. Jen took off her top and moved over to me and said, "Don't leave me out of this."

At that moment, just when I was about to get into it, Mike came in Susie's mouth. Susie took it all in and swallowed it.

I came back to my senses and said, "Let's get out of here before the cops come!"

Slowly, Jen, Susie and Mike put there clothes back on and we exited, with the guys and girls close by cheering. It was a nice afternoon!!

