Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 25 (Chapter 25)

In the dark food court, hidden from the lobby by a low wall, Melanie aimed for Josy’s lips, hoping for that kiss. At the last moment, Josy moved her head out of the way, resulting in Melanie’s lips missing their mark.

Giggling at Josy’s playfulness, Melanie raised herself up, feeling Josy’s hand still between her legs. Another try, this time kissing her chin.

Josy started giggling, bringing her hands up to Melanie’s face and holding her lips inches away from her own. “Wait, stop.”

Stop? What does that mean? Melanie tried to close the gap, but was held back by Josy. Confused, Melanie let herself fall away to the side.

“Mel, no, look where we are. This is crazy. We need to get you dressed.”

Dazed, Melanie wondered why it mattered where they were. Obviously, there was more going on in Josy’s mind than just fear of being caught. A ping from the elevator snapped her out of it, and it was followed by what sounded like a small group coming into the lobby. Though they were shielded from view, she crouched lower.

While Josy sneaked a look over the low wall, embarrassment washed over Melanie at what she’d been doing — jumping Josy and trying to steal their first kiss. She grabbed her jeans, and Josy pushed her panties into her hands. She held them for a moment in confusion, before trying to give them back. Since Josy was again watching the lobby, she just pushed the panties back into Josy’s hands.

Sitting on her bare butt and leaning back, Melanie put her feet into her jeans. She heard the footsteps echoing through the entrance hall and hoped they wouldn’t approach the food court. Struggling to get her tight jeans up her legs, she imagined trying that out on the open street and how that would have looked. There was no way she could have done that.

Lifting her hips off the floor, she pulled her jeans over her butt, finally feeling decent again. As she heard the group of people go out the front doors, she breathed a sigh of relief. Josy helped Melanie with her socks, while she put her coat back on. Finishing with her shoes, she stood up.

The people were gone, as was Melanie’s energy. Feeling deflated, she hugged Josy’s offered arm as they walked to the elevators. On the fourth floor, she stepped out and looked back at Josy. Why had she tried to kiss her? Why had Josy pushed away? She felt dead tired, but the thought of going to sleep alone in her own bed was unsettling. Taking Josy’s hand, she pulled her out of the elevator.

“Mel…” Josy began, but let herself be led along.

Melanie went to her room, while Josy waited outside. She wondered briefly where her roommates were. Preparing an overnight bag, she pushed down hard on the feelings that were threatening tears. Ashamed of what she had tried to do, hurt by Josy’s rejection. She couldn’t let her friend see her like that.

Together they went up to the sixth floor, to Josy’s room, where Melanie took off her coat and let herself fall onto the bed.

As Melanie lay there, she felt Josy take off her shoes and socks, followed by her jeans. After being pulled up off the bed, she let herself be dragged along to the bathroom, wearing just her bra and blouse. Feeling only half awake, she brushed her teeth while she let Josy wash her lower half with a washcloth.

Back in the room, Melanie kept her blouse on, but Josy stood in the way, blocking her path to the bed. Looking up at her friend’s face, she saw a smile that sent sparks of joy to her heart.

Josy unbuttoned Melanie’s blouse, taking it off her arms. Melanie’s bra followed.

Standing there naked, Melanie felt a little better. She tried to interpret Josy’s expression that followed, but everything was fuzzy to her at that moment.

Josy opened her mouth to speak, but instead moved in for a hug. After a moment, she whispered in Melanie’s ear, “you were amazing today.”

Closing her eyes in the embrace, Melanie felt herself slipping away and let herself be guided to the bed.

Shortly after they were snuggled up, Melanie was drifting off with an arm around her midsection that spread warmth throughout her body. She fell asleep feeling a kiss on the back of her neck.

~~~

Friday morning, Melanie woke up, hearing Josy’s phone beeping. She checked the time and wondered why the alarm was going off so early. She felt Josy shifting on her side and the alarm stopped.

Why set the alarm so early, Melanie wondered? Turning towards Josy, she spooned her, with an arm on Josy’s stomach over her nightshirt. “It’s early.”

Josy put her hand over Melanie’s. “Thought you’d want to shower at your own place,” she said groggily.

“I really should, but it’s too early. Can I borrow your shampoo?” Melanie asked as she ran her fingers lightly over Josy’s stomach.

“Of course.”

Melanie was glad she didn’t have to go home just yet, but figured Josy would challenge her to walk naked to the bathroom again. “Aren’t you going to say it?”

“It’s no fun when you’re asking for it.”

Melanie didn’t know what to say, so she lay there quietly. Her mind drifted off to the previous evening. She felt bad for trying to kiss Josy out of the blue. She didn’t even know anymore why she had jumped her. What kind of terrible person was she? Pulling her arm away, she rolled onto her back, tears in her eyes.

“Where did my arm go?” Josy protested. Getting no response, she asked, “Mel? What’s wrong?”

Melanie was sobbing.

Josy turned towards her. “Why are you crying?”

“Because I’m terrible.”

“Why would you say something like that?”

“What I did. Last night.”

“What you did? Oh. You mean…” Josy trailed off. After a moment, she took Melanie’s hand. “It’s okay. I understand.”

“I shouldn’t have… Your ex…”

“No, please don’t compare yourself to him,” Josy insisted, and then mumbled, “… completely different.”

“I thought… you pushed me away. You don’t…”

Josy sighed. “I’m trying to figure it out. Trying to figure myself out. I blame myself for last night.”

“Josy, no.”

“Please, let me finish. I push you so far and then hold you back. This isn’t easy. I think we both know that.” Josy took a deep breath, exhaling slowly. “You caught me by surprise.” Another pause. “You know last night… just not the right moment.”

“It wasn’t,” Melanie agreed.

“Especially not the right place,” Josy giggled.

Melanie couldn’t help it, she giggled along. “No, it wasn’t.”

“Awesome run though.”

“It was, wasn’t it?” A smile crept along her lips.

“You know, it was cloudy, but people will say they saw the full moon last night.”

“Please, no moon puns!” Melanie laughed.

“Seriously though…” Josy paused, and then turned back on her side, away from Melanie.

“What? What is it?” Melanie asked, worried.

“I want my arm back.”

“Oh.” It took Melanie a moment for the meaning to get through to her, and she turned towards Josy.

“Hang on.” Josy wriggled around next to Melanie before saying, “okay.”

There was still a lot left unspoken, but it wasn’t easy for either of them. Worries and insecurities, not just about a budding relationship, but a same sex one. Melanie hadn’t considered that Josy might fear everything it entails so much.

They had both previously said they weren’t lesbians, denounced the same sex attraction as they began exploring their exposer-exposee arrangement. They hadn’t openly discussed it since then, so Melanie couldn’t be sure how much of it had been true for Josy, who might be wondering the same in return. Would either of them dare to raise the subject?

Melanie’s own parents had always seemed open and accepting, and she hoped they would be supportive. Even so, it was just one of many aspects causing worries. She didn’t know how Josy’s parents would feel and react, but it would be on Josy’s mind.

Rather than trying to talk about everything, Josy had just asked for Melanie’s arm back around her, and Melanie appreciated the elegant kindness of that gesture.

Josy looked back over her shoulder as if impatient for the warmth of her arm.

But what if this was as far as Josy would go? Light and playful. What if they would never kiss? Thinking about the fallout of her attempted kiss scared Melanie. She tended to avoid thinking about the whole subject, following her feelings, her passions. However, the passion she had felt last night, now scared her, as it had scared Josy at that moment. By trying to kiss Josy, had she damaged their chances going forward? Had she ruined it for them both? She wondered what Josy was thinking.

“Where are you?” Josy asked, pulling Melanie back to the moment. “Hmm,” she complained.

She moved up closer – her worries keeping her from fully spooning – and put her arm around Josy. As she did, she felt the bare skin of Josy’s stomach. Had Josy pulled her shirt up?

“Don’t tickle,” Josy warned.

Of course not, Melanie wanted to say, but instead she focused on caressing Josy’s bare tummy. In return, she occasionally felt Josy wiggling under her fingers and making soft appreciative noises. She made full use of this first time touching Josy’s stomach. Exploring her belly button, as well as caressing up to her left and right sides.

Only after a while, Melanie thought to slowly move down to find the edge of Josy’s panties. She figured that would be the acceptable limit of her exploration. As she went lower and lower, Josy suddenly stiffened, grabbing hold of her hand.

Wondering how low Josy’s panties were as well as why she was stopped, she asked, “Josy?”

“I… you can’t.”

Melanie was worried she’d gone too far. “I wasn’t going to… I mean I was going to stop at your panties.”

“I know.” Josy’s voice was a mix of amusement and embarrassment. She let go of Melanie’s hand.

Relieved that Josy wasn’t mad, Melanie was suddenly curious about her reaction. Why would Josy be…? Her hand went to Josy’s hip, feeling nothing but skin.

“Mel…” Josy said in a hushed voice.

Oh, my God, Melanie thought, still feeling Josy’s bare hip. No panties? When had Josy changed and how had she not noticed? Well, she had been sort of out of it…

Josy wriggled around a little, taking Melanie’s hand and shifting it back to her stomach. “Behave…”

It would be a challenge to resist that temptation with what she knew, but it was one that Melanie gladly accepted. Without socks, without panties – it meant Josy was lying next to her, naked from belly button to the tips of her toes, only hidden by the covers. Hidden from view, but not from touch. Yes, she would behave. This was bigger than trying to sneak a touch to a forbidden zone. Namely, the meaning behind Josy’s choice to sleep next to her in just her shirt.

Still, Josy wouldn’t mind… Melanie shifted forward, closing the gap to form a proper spoon, and felt Josy’s bare butt against her thighs and hips.

“Hmm,” Josy purred.

They lay there for a while longer. Sometimes Melanie let her hand drift lower, up to where she thought the edge of Josy’s panties would have been. Every time Josy made an involuntary reaction, such as a soft gasp, much to Melanie’s enjoyment. She loved every moment of it and hoped Josy did too. It made her glad Josy had set the alarm so early.

“Time for you to shower,” Josy said, signaling an end to the fun.

Melanie groaned in protest, but knew Josy was right. It was a Friday, after all. They had to go to class. She got up out of bed, purposely not being careful with the blankets, but Josy made sure she stayed covered. Going through her overnight bag, she took the turquoise chemise out. It was the same one she’d worn around Josy’s roommates before – the longer of the two she’d gotten from Reese.

Josy shook her head, “Nuh uh.”

“Please? Last night…” Melanie felt that, exciting though it was, that bottomless walk and run outside had been enough stress to last her a few days.

Josy looked at her sternly, but relented. “Fine, but leave the door unlocked.”

Melanie sighed, but she could live with that. She slipped on the chemise, took her bathroom essentials and went to the shower. On her way she passed Livia, one of Josy’s roommates.

“Uh…Melanie, hi.”

“Hi Livia,” she said, quickly slipping into the bathroom, and only just keeping herself from locking the door.

Shortly after Melanie started her shower, the door opened. A hoarse voice said, “oh sorry, didn’t know someone was in here.”

“Josy, is that you? It’s pretty obvious, you know.”

“Huh? Josy? Oh, are you her friend?”

“Quit pretending, I know it’s you.”

“Boo,” Josy said in her normal voice. “I should’ve sent someone else in.”

Melanie faked a laugh. “Oh, ha ha. Can I use your shampoo?” She had forgotten to grab it.

“Ah, yeah. Sure,” Josy said, and pulled aside the curtain, still wearing her nightshirt as she leaned in and held the bottle. “Here you go.”

“Thanks.”

As Melanie started washing her hair, she voiced a concern that had been bugging her. “Do you think people noticed I was… eh… a little underdressed last night?”

“Sorry, Mel, but I’m sure they did.”

“Oh.” Of course, Melanie knew she had been flashing a lot of people, but it was still disturbing to hear Josy confirm it. “Do you think anyone recognized me?”

“It was probably a good idea to hide your face with your arms as you ran, even though it raised the hem of your coat…”

“Ah, oops, I didn’t even think of that!”

“Even if people captured you on video during your run, you might be safe. During the walk, I don’t know.”

“Video…” That would be awful. How much would any video have picked up in the dark, with her running and avoiding the streetlamps? During the walk, she hadn’t seen any phones, but people might still recognize her face. If someone put the two together…

As these thoughts were going through her head, she heard the rustle of Josy’s shirt. Was she naked on the other side of the showercurtain?

Finishing her shower, Melanie grabbed a towel and stepped out. As she was drying off, Josy was standing next to her, wrapped in her own towel.

“Don’t look,” Josy warned and waited for Melanie to turn the other way.

Melanie heard the towel drop and couldn’t resist.

There Josy was, with her back towards Melanie, completely naked. She stepped past the shower curtain and into the shower, turning a little as she did. She was covering her left boob with her hand. Their eyes met. “You looked!”

“Sorry, not sorry,” Melanie grinned.

“You’re in so much trouble!”

Totally worth it, Melanie thought. Even better than seeing Josy’s cute butt, the way she held her boob in order to shield it from view was just adorable.

“The guy on the bus…” Josy began as she showered, pulling Melanie out of her reverie.

“He’s in my class,” Melanie blurted out.

“What? Really?”

“Yeah. What if he tells everyone in my class?” Melanie voiced her biggest concern.

“What would he say? He didn’t see you, right? I tried to stay between you two.”

“I’m pretty sure he saw I wasn’t wearing a skirt, just the coat.”

“But your bag… Anyway, he seemed pretty drunk. Maybe he won’t remember.”

“Maybe…” Melanie had doubts about that. Why hadn’t Josy let her put on her pants? She couldn’t ask Josy that, casting blame. She could’ve chosen to stay put, stay on the bus till the guy got off, and then cycle back on the return bus.

Josy turned the shower off but did not step out. “Since you looked earlier, you get to wait outside the door.”

“Wait outside? Can’t I just go to your room?” Melanie complained.

“No, you wait outside. Be happy I’m letting you keep the chemise while you wait.”

Melanie waited outside, just as Josy ordered. When the door opened again,she expected Josy to come out, but instead she was gestured back inside.

Back in the bathroom, Josy held out her hand, grinning. “As I said, you’re in so much trouble.”

“But…”

“No buts. Gimme.”

Sighing, Melanie took off the chemise and growing ever anxious, she handed it over.

Josy opened the door, stepped in the doorway, and asked, “Carry my kit, will you?” She started off back to her room.

Taking Josy’s toiletries kit from the counter, Melanie hurried to follow. It was bad enough to be naked in the hallway. She didn’t want to be caught out there alone.

Up ahead, Josy was almost at her door and announced, “shower’s free!”

Someone called back from the common room, “thank you!”

Melanie made it into Josy’s room just as she heard someone approach the hallway. Closing the door, she glared at Josy. “You!”

Josy laughed and folded up Melanie’s chemise. “Put this back in your bag.”

Raising an eyebrow in surprise, Melanie did so, taking out her change of clothes. Today she’d wear a knee length skirt with thigh highs and a long-sleeved blouse. As she laid them out on the bed, Josy threw something at her. Holding it up, she saw it was a dark blue spaghetti strap top.

“Put it on,” Josy said. She looked at the clothes on the bed and added, “your choice whether you wear your thigh-highs, but no panties or bra.”

Melanie slipped into the top. Since Josy was a little bigger up top, it was a little loose, and the v-neck showed the slope of her breasts. Her nipples poked a little through the material, but due to the dark color it was not obvious. The length might be a problem, as it only reached to her upper thighs. “I can’t go out there like this.”

“You can and you will. Because you looked.”

“Am I even covered?” Melanie asked, standing in front of Josy.

Josy ran a finger over the bared swell of Melanie’s breast, and said, “you are.”

“But when I sit…” Melanie frowned.

“Keep your legs crossed. Why are you making a big deal?”

Melanie wondered what Josy was turning her into, as she let herself be guided out of the room and to the kitchen. She hadn’t put on the thigh-highs, but figured it was probably better that way.

Jess and Livia were sitting on the couches, eating their breakfast.

While Josy went to the counter, Melanie sat down at the kitchen table with her back to the couch area, feeling her bare butt touching the seat. Sitting down had made the right strap fall off her shoulder and half her breast was visible, her nipple barely holding up the fabric. She quickly fixed the strap before Josy could see.

Josy took out a plate and started preparing breakfast. At a sound from Melanie, she turned around. Smiling, she took out another plate to prepare food for the two of them.

Glad her friend had understood, Melanie sat there thinking about Josy and recent events until Sophia came into the kitchen.

“It’s my two favorite girls,” Sophia said, announcing herself. She went about making herself breakfast next to Josy.

Melanie thought back to the last time she was in the kitchen with Josy and Sophia, how Josy had stripped her of her chemise, and her pulse quickened.

Shortly after, the three girls were sitting together at the table, Sophia on the side left of Melanie, and Josy opposite.

“Something different today?” Sophia asked, indicating Melanie’s top.

Josy nodded. “It’s one of mine.”

“Do I need to ask?”

“Show her, Mel.”

She cast a worried look towards the couch area, where Jess and Livia were sitting. Although they were facing the other way, they might look around to see what she was doing. Melanie pushed her chair away from the table, but Jess and Livia were engaged in their conversation and did not react. After a look from Josy that said, ‘yes, go on,’ she turned towards Sophia, feeling the heat rise to her face as she uncrossed her legs.

“Never a dull moment with you two,” Sophia glanced between Melanie’s legs, grinning before looking back up. “Are you excited for the weekend? Any plans?”

Melanie looked at Josy, who made a gesture that asked her to keep sitting like that. Keeping her legs uncrossed, she took a bite of her food. Her mouth was dry from nervousness, making it hard to swallow. She tried to keep an eye out for movement from the couch area, as well as ear out for sounds from the hallway. She drank a third of her water and continued eating while Sophia and Josy chatted.

Aside from an occasional glance, Sophia made no big deal of it. She obviously found their ‘game’ entertaining, but other than that did not seem interested in looking.

That made it feel somewhat normal and Melanie started to relax. Looking down, she played with the hem a little, beginning to enjoy the idea of sitting at the breakfast table with her pussy out in the open. As she wondered about what the people in the street might have seen last night, she lifted it up above her mons while taking another bite.

Josy and Sophia were still talking about the weekend, but Melanie wasn’t really listening.

She was thinking about their talk in bed. So, Josy was still trying to figure out who she was and what she wanted. Melanie had to admit she didn’t have it all figured out herself. She was just letting herself be guided by the moment. Like flotsam on a river. Unlike flotsam, she could swim. She had choices to make that would have a big impact on not just her and Josy, but on people around them as well.

The strange thing was that for them so many things had been turned on their head. Like sleeping together. Initially, there had been a different reason. A sensible reason. The nudity as well, which was something else entirely.

She looked down and noticed her right shoulder strap had fallen again, leaving much of her breast bare but the areola was still covered. Melanie smiled to herself. With her smooth lips and mound out in the open, her shoulder strap was arguably not a big deal.

Sensing Sophia looking her way, she quickly pushed the hem down. It was too late, though. Sophia smiled knowingly, renewing Melanie’s blush. Worse still, the quick tug had exposed her right breast.

Josy grinned and Sophia seemed amused. Melanie looked away so she didn’t have to see their reactions as she fixed it, and quickly put the last bite of her breakfast in her mouth.

Josy looked around the table and asked Melanie, “do you have your phone?”

Melanie shook her head, becoming suspicious. Why had Josy asked that? Seeing Josy stand up, she made to get up as well, but Josy gestured for her to stay. She looked towards the couch area. Huh? When had Jess and Livia left? Had they looked her way and seen how she’d been sitting? She felt a knot in her stomach at the thought. Had they left without saying anything, or had she been so lost in thought that she hadn’t noticed?

“I’ll be right back,” Josy said, and left the kitchen, going to her room. Soon after she was back with Melanie’s phone in her hand. “Unlock?”

Melanie sighed and unlocked her phone. It took a moment to enter the password for her secure folder. Why did she do that? Curiosity, of course. What was Josy planning? Wait, why was Josy giving her phone to Sophia?

Josy walked back Melanie, motioning for her to stand up next to the table, and asked, “Could you take a picture of us?”

Sophia looked delighted. “Of you two? Is there something I should know?”

Melanie turned her head, feeling herself blushing. She saw a change in Josy’s face as well.

“Just innocent fun, right Mel?” Josy answered.

Innocent? Melanie swallowed as Josy stood next close to her, putting an arm around her with hand on hip. She tried to smile for the camera and heard Sophia take a picture, but then tensed up as she felt Josy fiddling with the hem. Her pussy was barely hidden by the top, and it would not take much for Josy to reveal it.

Josy ran her hand up Melanie’s side. “Now, as we saw earlier,” she said to Sophia, “this top lends itself perfectly for a particular look.” She pushed the strap off Melanie’s shoulder.

Melanie stood there, frozen, as Josy gently tugged on her top until her nipple lost the fight and her right breast was again exposed. She had just the presence of mind to remove the shock from her face before Sophia took another picture.

“Is this safe?” Sophia asked. “I mean, I’d be a little worried about this being out there.”

Josy shook her head, pointing at the phone. “The locked folder keeps it off the cloud, and it’s Melanie’s phone.”

“Melanie?” Sophia asked. “I want to hear it from you. Is it okay?”

Melanie looked up at Sophia, but couldn’t hold eye contact and turned her head away. Suspecting that she was turning a darker shade of red, she forced the words out. “Yes, it’s okay.”

Josy pushed the strap off the other shoulder, tugging on the top again. “Smile, Mel.”

Instinctively, Melanie smiled even as she felt her other breast come into view. Without the support of either of the straps or her breasts, it slid down her body, and Melanie reacted just in time to hold it against her stomach. Seeing her exposed chest while she stood there in the kitchen, she felt the heat in her face, while Sophia took more pictures. She looked up at the camera and wondered how much of her embarrassment would be captured by the camera. At least her pussy was still hidden.

Josy moved up behind Melanie. “Let go. I’ll fix it.”

With the straps still around her wrists, Melanie let go of the top. It dropped to below her belly button, until it was held up by her hips.

To Melanie’s surprise, Josy did as she’d said. Taking the shoulder straps, she started lifting the top, causing goosebumps on Melanie’s arms and back. Covering Melanie’s breasts, and fixing straps, Josy was done. “A few with her sitting?” she asked Sophia.

Melanie looked worried, but at a gentle push against her lower back, she moved back to the chair. Sitting down, she fiddled with the hem, but it refused to provide more cover.

Josy pushed on the small of her back, correcting her posture. Her chest jutted out emphasizing her hard nipples through the top. She looked down. The move had shifted the hem in the wrong direction, and the whole experience was causing her heart to beat a little faster.

Just as Sophia took the first picture of her sitting, a door opened in the hallway. Turning her head toward the sound, Melanie quickly stood up again, before looking at her phone in Sophia’s hand. She needed to get it and get back to the safety of Josy’s room.

A moment later, the door of the bathroom opened and closed.

Letting out the breath she’d been holding, Melanie held up her hand. “My phone?” she asked Sophia, who looked up from the screen and handed it over with a smile. “Eh, thank you. Also for, you know…” She was glad she had her phone back before Sophia could start browsing the gallery of her secure folder.

“My pleasure,” Sophia said.

While Josy was clearing their plates, Melanie left the kitchen. Shortly after, she was getting dressed.

Josy entered the room and picked up Melanie’s phone. It was still unlocked and Josy began looking at the pictures Sophia had taken. “These are good. I can clearly see you blushing in this one. What did it feel like?”

Melanie didn’t answer, focusing instead on getting ready.

“Sophia is such a good sport. I look forward to next time.” Josy said. “I should ask her when her boyfriend can come over.”

Startled, Melanie looked up and wondered if Josy was serious. Seeing Josy grinning, a cautious smile appeared on her face.

Josy was pushing her again.