Francine Nude in Public
byNudiebooty24©

Francine Nude in Public Pt. 01

Francine woke up early for her last day of senior year.

"This is going to be rough," Francine said to herself as she thought about the day she had ahead of her.

The conversation she had with her friends last night ran on a loop in her head constantly as she sat in her bed, staring at the alarm clock waiting for it to go off. But the words that echoed in her mind sent shivers down her spine.

...

"The loser has to go to school tomorrow completely naked!" Vanessa said to the group of girls.

The bet was made and all six of the girls agreed, but there was only one loser... Francine.

She was mortified, but also a little turned on. Francine sensed relief from all her friends but also felt they were almost jealous.

...

The alarm went off and Francine got out of bed. Francine slowly walked to shower, unable to take her mind off her soon to come exposure. She stepped into the shower and let the hot water hit her chest and run down her body, it momentarily distracted her and let her have a moment of peace.

Francine finally turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. She stared at her body in the mirror as she dried off.

Francine was a petite girl. She had very curly red hair that fell just below her shoulders, and beautiful perky tits that were usually difficult to hide in most clothes (Not that she would have to worry about that today). Her tight tummy led down to her toned legs, but the cherry on top of Francine's smooth pale body was her tight little ass. It was shockingly big for a white girl, or any girl for that matter. At five feet tall, Francine's ass popped out and bounced when she walked.

Francine finished drying off and started applying makeup, "If I'm gonna go naked, I might as well look good doing it," she thought.

Francine finished her make up with a bright red coat of lipstick that complemented her hair, and sprayed herself with perfume, "Go hard or go home I guess."

Francine was just about to grab her backpack and head out the door when she realized she'd have to walk to school today. There was no way she would wake up her mom for a ride. Her mom would certainly not approve of her going to school in her birthday suit.

Francine sent a text to Vanessa

"Do shoes count as clothes?"

Vanessa replied quickly.

"I'll allow it, just make sure they go with the outfit lol"

Francine breathed a sigh of relief and opened her closet. She stared at her collection of shoes and finally decided on a pair of red converses.

Francine tip-toed out of the house, careful not to wake her mom up, and stepped outside.

Francine finally felt the cool morning air surround her body and felt goosebumps all over. Her nervousness turned to excitement as she started walking to school.

Francine lived about a mile from school in a very rural area. She started down a long straight road with fields on both sides of her. She felt incredible with the sun warming her skin all over and nothing to hide her from the world. She almost felt a little sad that no one was there to see her in all her nude glory.

Francine walked for about five minutes before a truck drove past her and honked. Francine felt embarrassed but exhilarated and even waved to the driver as he passed.

"Wow that felt incredible," Francine thought.

The rest of the walk was uneventful. Even the walk up to the front doors of the school seemed quiet. Francine grabbed the handle of the door and took a deep breath, it was the moment of truth. She swung the door open a stepped into the hallway confidently, ready to let her peers see her sexy display of nudity.

The hallway was empty.

"Where is everyone?" Francine muttered to herself as she walked up to a classroom and peeked in.

The classroom was empty! Francine slowly walked down the hallway peeking into more and more classrooms only to find the same results. No one was there!

Francine felt surreal being naked as the day she was born in a usually crowded hallway. She slowly walked further and further, letting her bare ass sway with each step as she absent mindedly grabbed her boobs.

Finally Francine heard a door open from a stairwell behind her and quickly turned.

"Ooooh what a smoke show!" Vanessa shouted as she pushed the door open.

All of Francine's friends hooted and whistled in agreement as they followed Vanessa in the hallway.

"Where is everyone?" Francine asked.

"Disappointed no one gets to see your cute little outfit?" Vanessa said condescendingly as she gave Francine a light smack on her ass.

"I mean..." Francine mumbled, "A little bit"

"Well so are we, but apparently there's a job and college fair that everyone went to, and most just skipped." Vanessa replied "I mean it is the last day of school."

"I figured it wouldn't be as crowded but wow!" Francine exclaimed.

"We're surprised you followed through, and we don't wanna forget this moment, so... smile!" Vanessa yelled as she pulled out her camera.

Francine covered herself at first, but then decided that this was a once in a lifetime experience and she didn't want to forget it either. Francine then started to pose for Vanessa.

The poses started innocently, Francine would cover her mouth pretending to be embarrassed and turned her ass to the camera. Then she posed with her fingers just barely covering her tiny pink nipples and acting shocked.

But as the camera kept flashing and Francine's arousal kept growing the pictures got more and more explicit. The poses kept escalating until the girls broke into one of the classrooms, and had Francine go spread eagle on a teachers desk and rub her tight little slit.

Then one of the girls had an idea, "You know, the job and college fair is in the gym. You could still go for a little streak." She said with a smirk.

The girls all smiled at each other and then stared at Francine.

Francine paused for a moment, "Lets do it."

The girls cheered and walked towards the gym.

"Good luck!" Vanessa said with a wink as she opened the door.

Francine broke out into a jog and ran through the door into the packed gym. Surprisingly most people didn't notice her right away so she slowed her jog into a walking stride. Quite a few of her male classmates noticed her and stood motionless just staring.

The petite little redhead stood out in the crowd with her pale body and bright red lips. She slowly started getting more and more attention until almost all eyes were on her tight sexy young body. She finally reached the other side of the gym were the door was and she could finally escape, but she paused at the door and stopped for a moment. The gym was so quiet you could hear a pin drop and everyone stared at Francine's backside.

Francine took a deep breath and turned around and sprinted back to the door she entered so that everyone got a good look at her body in it's natural form. Halfway through her run many boys started to cheer and even some of the girls. The last sight the fair saw of Francine was her big bubble butt bouncing through the door.

Francine kept running through the halls until she finally reached the exit doors and burst through.

"Time to run home I guess," Francine thought, until she saw Vanessa's car pull up in front of her.

"Get in naked girl!" Vanessa laughed.


Francine Nude in Public Pt. 02

"Where to next?" Francine joked with the girls.

"Oh I have some ideas," Vanessa smiled as she drove.

The girls giggled as they drove to their undisclosed location. Francine blushed as she thought about what Vanessa had in store for her. The adrenaline of streaking in front of most of the school had started to fade and her embarrassment of being the only one naked slowly resurfaced. It didn't help that she was crammed in the back of a small car.

Just as Francine was about to convince the girls to take her back home Vanessa said something that sent shivers down her spine.

"Hey Francine, could you grab us some snacks?" Vanessa said as the car stopped in the parking lot of a local convince store.

Francine was frozen in shock.... And in a bit of arousal as the girls pushed her out of the safe cover of the car into the wide open world.

"But but but....." Francine stammered, "I don't have any money! Where would I keep it? My pockets?"

Vanessa grabbed Francine's arm through the window and carefully slipped a twenty in her buttcrack.

"How 'bout this?" Vanessa said, "You keep that twenty in your cute ass of yours till you get to the register and afterwards we can do whatever you want"

Francine was a lot of things but she could never turn a challenge like that away.

"Fine!" Francine said with a scowl, "Watch and learn."

Francine turned and strutted with confidence to the door. Her red hair bounced with every step and her pale ass jiggled, but the twenty dollar bill was rooted safely in her asscheeks. It flapped with the wind until she finally stepped into the store.

The cashier was a younger man in his late twenties transfixed on Francine's nude body. He couldn't keep his eyes off of her as she floated around the store grabbing soda and chips for her friends.

When she finally got to the register the cashier smiled and asked, "Is that everything miss?"

Francine made sure to smile and lock eyes with him to say, "Yup, I don't think I'm missing anything."

Francine was absolutely beaming. She felt giddy with excitement and loved every second of this interaction, knowing her friends were watching her from the car.

The cashier laughed and said, "That'll be $19.00."

Francine turned 180 degrees and touched her toes, clearly presenting her plump ass with a twenty dollar bill sticking out of it.

The cashier was already living in a dream with a sexy little red head in nothing but red converses prancing around his store, but now with her ass staring him in the face... He was in heaven.

He grabbed the twenty and put it in the register, but as he grabbed the change he noticed that she didn't move. Her ass still facing him now wiggling as if it was waiting for something. He took the message and slid the one dollar bill securely back in her asscheeks and gave her a light spank.

Francine turned around and grabbed the snacks, and walked towards the door.

"Thank you... Come again," he said with a smirk.

Francine walked slowly to the car hoping some traffic in this rural town might go by and catch a glimpse of a naked girl in public.

Francine dropped the bag of snacks on Vanessa's lap, "Here's your stuff. Oh and do you want the change?" she said sarcastically as she turned around and bent over.

Vanessa was impressed and turned on. As we're all the girls. They all wished it was them who could be naked and confident in public.

"Ok, you win, where to next? Home?" Vanessa said, defeated and disappointed.

"Hmmmmm.... I think I have a better idea," Francine said as they drove away.


