Five Fantasies
byshyexhibitionist©

First Fantasy - First Task

Today you're going on a shopping trip.

Wear something you don't mind giving away. I suggest old clothes, skirt, top, old bra and panties. Heels of course are required.

Here's 67,80€, 65 plus 2,80 in twenty cents coins. Leave any other money or credit cards here at home, but bring two bus tickets and a pair of scissors in your bag.

You'll be taking the bus and heading to the mall; there you will visit four shops.

In the first shop you'll be looking for a skirt. Ask a saleswoman for help. Tell her you're looking for a miniskirt and try on any skirt she suggests. Among them you must choose the shortest one and buy it. No matter how much it costs.

Exit the shop and go find a toilet. Once you're inside your cubicle use the scissors to cut up the skirt you're wearing. Wear your new skirt then.

Before leaving the toilet unclasp your bra, take it off and keep it in your hand.

Once you're back in the hallway throw the bra in a trashcan. I hope you didn't decide to wear a see through top.

Head to the second shop now. It has to be a lingerie shop - you're looking for a bra since you're missing one now. Ask the saleswoman to show you some sexy bras, tell her you need something to surprise your boyfriend. Try on every bra, mind though your budget is limited and you will have to make it last at least for a top and a pair of panties. Make your own choices now, you won't be coming back later. If you feel you could leave the bra behind, I suggest you do so.

Whether you did or did not purchase the bra it's time to go to the toilet again. This time take your panties off and cut them in tiny little pieces with your scissors.

Then calmly head to the third shop. You'll be buying a top now, one you can afford of course. Once again let a saleswoman fetch the tops for you. Tell her the boyfriend story again and that you're looking for something sexy, maybe see-through. Tell her also your budget, meaning the money you actually have left in your pocket except for the coins.

Try on all the tops. Each time you try a top ask the saleswoman for feedback. Once you're done ask her which one she thinks is the sexiest of all. That's your pick.

Once you payed for your new top go get rid of the old one as you did with the skirt and the panties. While you're in the cubicle check your wallet. How much is left apart from your 2,80€ in coins? If you have any bill is time to use it. Go to a cafe and order something, whatever you like. For the last part of the task you will need only coins.

Head to the superstore now, you know which one. Hopefully it will be full of people in a typical Saturday afternoon. Head to the underwear section and find the 2.80€ g-strings. This is your only chance to make it back home wearing at least one decent piece of underwear. Surely you would appreciate it under that short skirt, even if that sexy top keeps showing off your now probably braless breasts.

Head to the cash out and get in line, I'm sure it will be a long one. Right before your turn take the coins out of your wallet. Keep them in your hand for a second then let them fall on the ground freely.

Oh my, are they all still around? Can you see them? You can only buy your panties if you retrieve all of them! Quick grab them - but you can't bend you knees to do so. This is the only rule left. If you can bend to the waist and pick up every coin you will have the means to buy a pair of panties, on the other hand you'll be probably showing your ass and pussy to all the Saturday grocery shoppers at the mall. Otherwise you'll keep your decency, or some of it at least, but you'll be taking the bus back home without wearing any underwear.

Your choice.


Second Fantasy - Second Task

New day new game, little one.

What? It's not a game for you? I have fun showing you off and I believe you get off on this, don't lie to me.

You remember how all of this started? It was an innocent chat, you were sure it was going to be like every other chat you've had in your life: boring and purposeless. Even when you sent me a pic, you felt like it wasn't a big deal, a clothed pic, just for me. Little you knew back then. It was just a couple of weeks ago, and now, after you embarrassed yourself at the mall for me, after you showed your naked intimacy to anyone who cared to look inside a store, now it feels like much more time have passed.

How did you feel while you were collecting your coins, one by one from the floor, knowing what the old man behind you could see. Maybe you tried not to listen to the lady telling you to cover up. But they were there. As your sweat was running down your forehead, and your excitement was making you wet, they were there, staring at you, wondering why would this little pretty girl show off herself like that in public? Why would you do that Alex? Why were you bending over keeping your knees straight, letting everyone admire your pink bald pussy from behind and your perfect round ass?

Now, today I want you to wear the see-through top you got at the mall and the short miniskirt, bra, panties, and heels.

You'll need a few hours: you're going to send some mail for me. Here's five big envelopes: four are empty for you to send, they are all addressed here, the fifth is for you, but you may open it only once you have mailed the last envelope.

You will take your car and drive to somewhere at least forty-five minutes away from here. Make sure you're near a post office and locate a mailbox outside on the street.

Bring along the envelopes and your car keys. Nothing else, you cannot bring a bag nor your phone or money. The stamps are already on, don't worry.

Find a parking spot and close the car. Put your keys in one of the envelopes, go to the mailbox and send them back home. You'll retrieve the car with your spare keys later.

Now head to the post office. Get your number and sit down. I hope the office is not packed with people because now you're going to take off your panties. Yes right there. Take your time, do it as discretely as you want. If you can.

Once the panties are off put them in an envelope. When your turn comes get up and mail your "letter".

Get another number now.

Yes, it's gonna take some time this way, that's what we want, though. Once the number is in your hand you need to take off your bra, exposing those beautiful breasts of yours through that transparent top.

Now sit down and wait patiently your turn. Did someone notice you yet? Maybe someone already knows you don't have any underwear. Pretty obvious for the bra, but maybe your pussy is peeking out that very short skirt?

Anyway, it's too late to regret it now.

Once it's your turn again you have to mail the second envelope. Is it a guy or a girl handling your mail? Whether the case I guess your beautiful eyes won't be the first thing he or she will notice.

One last envelope to send. Get out of the office, though. You'll send it from the mailbox outside. Happy? No more subtle glances or creepy stares now for a while.

Now get right in front of the mailbox. Take a deep breath and take off both your skirt and your top. Don't worry, I wouldn't leave you naked in the middle of the street. New clothes are waiting for you inside the fifth envelope, just one last step and you will get them. Quick, no regrets. Close the skirt and the top in the envelope and put it inside the box.

What have you done pretty? You're stark naked in the middle of the street, better find a secluded spot, or do you want to get over with it already? Doesn't the envelope seems too light? The one you just sent was a lot heavier, wasn't it?

Inside there are the only two pieces of clothing you have right now, though, so better be quick. You have already exposed your fully naked body to everyone around!

So what you've found now are a crop top, long enough to cover your pretty titties, but no more. Your nipples are surely hard and will show through the fabric, and there is not too much room in there, I hope the top does reach the bottom of your breasts once you have it on. And what is that? A white lace? Oh no, it's the only thing you get to cover your pussy and ass. Well, kind of. It's the little g-string you wanted to buy but were too afraid to wear under your skirt.

Now you're going to show it off proudly as you walk back home dressed just in that, a crop top and your lovely heels.


Third Fantasy - Third Task

Hi pet,

today's game will be easy and quick, so don't worry. I know I've been demanding lately, I'd like to ease you into this, but the thing is I know you have it in you, it's your own nature, you shyness is only a form of denial. This struggle between your excitement in showing off your body, exposing yourself, and your usual shy attitude, that's what I cherish the most about our little games . Now, to do this right you have to have faith in yourself, to accept your beauty, and let others, men or women, drink in your beauty. There is no reason to be ashamed. Once you'll be past shame... oh but maybe that's what does it for you? Isn't it? That feeling of being inappropriate?

Remember the first rule we set together? You said the first time you followed it, it made you excited and aware, somehow uncomfortable. That night though you had the most amazing orgasm of your life. We are now on a path that can lead you to the most arousing experiences you ever had, so today is all about savouring it.

Tonight you are going to the gym. You will take your usual class and wear your usual workout outfit. You will wear the outfit before going to the gym, while your change clothes are already inside your gym bag. You are allowed to take them out or even look at them only when it's time to change into them.

You will then get to the gym, go downstairs to the locker room across the main fitness room, and leave your bag there. Then you will go back upstairs and attend your fitness class. Once it's over get back to the locker room. Get completely naked and put all your workout clothes away. Better bring along a lock and lock them away if you fear you will chicken out.

Now it's time for a shower. Relax. Go back to your bag when you are done.

Take the shoes out of the bag. It's a pair of stiletto heels. You will also find a pair of hold-u stockings: these are the first two items of clothing you will wear. Sit down and put them on. Then stand up again. Take your time. Think you are completely naked in a locker room wearing just hold-ups and a pair of stiletto heels. You can't wear anything else for a minute, so do something, pretend to use your phone. Does anyone noticed how totally inappropriate you are?

After a minute take the next item out of the bag. It's a bra. Put it on. Don't worry you aren't doing anything wrong, it's just supposed to be like that, it's a half-cup bra, it is supposed to leave the upper half of your breasts and your nipples completely exposed.

Now consider for a second how sexy you are, inside of a gym locker room, wearing heels stockings and a half-cup bra. You are lucky you are in the girls room, right? Nobody there can judge you, they will just think you are getting ready for a date with your bf, won't they?

That's ok, we don't want anyone to misjudge you. That's why you should wear the rest of your clothing and clear every doubt.

Take out the rest of the outfit. You will wear first the skirt and then the top.

You will find a white shirt and a pleated skirt.

I know the skirt is a little revealing. I mean, it wouldn't so short after all without the stockings underlining how naked your thighs are. Add to that the fact you won't be finding any panties in your bag. Although the shirt is white but solid. Someone could peak your nipples under it and wonder what kind of bra you are wearing. But everything will be fast I promise.

Indeed, all you have to do though is get out of the gym wearing your outfit. Oh and be friendly, say hi and chit chat with any person you know at the gym as you find your way out.

To get out you will have to climb the stairs, I wonder if anyone will take some time to admire the sight as you do. Anyway once you are out you are done.

You can find some place to change back to your workout clothes if you want.

...Unless you locked them away. In that case I'm sorry but I told you this is all about being confident. If you weren't confident you could have pulled this off and you were scared you would have chickened out instead I guess you'll have to walk all the way home dressed in that outfit.


Fourth Fantasy - Fourth Task

Hello little one, are you enjoying your holiday? I hope so.

We haven't been playing for a while. I think it's time for a new adventure, don't you?

What's your greatest fear, pet?

You don't know? I do. It's being exposed to people you know. To your friends, to your family. If they could suspect even the slightest thing your whole world would get overthrown.

This is why you will keep showing yourself off to strangers for me.

Because they don't know you. Nobody knows your name. Maybe in a little while nobody will even remember your face, but everyone will remember what you did for me. And most of all you will know what you did.

But in order to do that you need to build your confidence, which you have not yet. Don't worry, I'm going to help you with that, introducing a rule from now on that you will always follow.

You won't be allowed to masturbate to climax or have sex without my permission. And I won't give you my permission unless you have just completed a task. At first it could be easier for you to chicken out from a task, but eventually I'm sure you will be dying to get a new one.

If you succeed in completing a task I promise I'll give you another one to complete within a week. Although if you fail to complete a task I won't give you a new one for three weeks.

To be sure that you won't lose interest in the meantime you will edge at least three times everyday from now on.

So, are you ready to hear your next task?

There is a beach near where you are staying, that's where our adventure will take place. You may wear whatever you like and take along anything you need. The only requirements is that everything must fit inside the little pouch I sent you along with this message.

I know, I know, it's not that big is it? Well, if you choose a light summer dress and don't take anything else along it should be fine. Don't worry, you won't need money or anything else. The beach is within walking distance.

As you might have noticed, the pouch has a lock. It is unlocked and you don't have the key. Yet.

Inside there is the bathing suit you are going to wear at the beach. Don't take it out yet. Leave it there. Wear your dress, take the pouch and the lock and head to the beach.

Of course, I would like you to wear your wedges, but I will leave it up to you. Don't worry, you won't have to put them in that tiny bag. Speaking about that, I don't think wearing a bra would be a great idea, since it could take up some useful space in the pouch.

You are going to throw away any item that doesn't fit in the bag, so be careful.

All right then. Once you are at the beach, look for a changing room. When you are ready, take off all your clothes and fold them neatly. Make them small enough to fit in the pouch, remember. Your bathing suit is inside the small envelope in the pouch. Take the envelope out and place it alongside your clothes. Now take the clothes , put them in the pouch, then also put inside your house keys, phone, cash, cards and anything else you have with you. Lock it. No need to think about it. You will retrieve them later, no worries.

Now it's time to wear your swimsuit. Well it's a bikini actually, but I guess that already crossed your mind. It's a little more revealing that a usual bikini. But, after all, it's the only thing left for you to wear so no time for regrets.

Right, now you are completely naked in a public changing room on the beach, so better cover up. Take the bikini out of the envelope. The first piece is a bandeau top. Take it in your hands and, oh, you dropped something. What is that tiny piece of cloth that was on the bikini top? Oh right, that's your bikini bottom.

I'm sure you're a little surprised but don't worry. It is just about your size, try it on. It's a small red triangle of see-through fabric with two silicone strings. If you can't figure out how to wear it you should know that it is supposed to rest gently right on your clit, leaving your labia exposed given the string will most likely get inside your pussy.

Don't panic, you still have the top. Wear it and take a look at yourself. You are stunning. Yes, the top is see-through as well, I had to choose a matching set don't you think? I guess you are eager to retrieve your clothes right now.

It won't be hard, don't worry, the key is nearby. First, though, find a locker and place your pouch inside. Close it and take the key.

Now you are ready to go out. Yes, the key that opens the pouch is outside. I'm sorry, a lot of people will have to see you like this. You will be a sight, be sure.

Quickly, go out.

Okay, you are on a beach in a tiny see-through bikini that shows off your ass, your pussy and is transparent enough for people see your nipples from a distance.

Focus though. You want to get dressed again, so you have to get the key to the pouch. I gave it to the owner of the bar in the little square nearby. I told him to give the key to a girl who comes in, asks for an ice-cream and pays for it with the top of her bikini.

You heard me. All you have to do is walk all the way to the square, enter the bar, ask for an ice-cream and give the man your top. Easy as that. Then you will walk back to the beach eating your ice-cream dressed in that tiny see-through thong to get your clothes back.

Have fun, little one.


Fifth Fantasy - Fifth Task

Hello pet,

Are you ready to hear your next task? Are you eager for an orgasm already? I'm glad to hear it.

The instructions for your next tasks are pretty easy, but you will need some time to complete it.

I know you've been willing to get that tattoo you talk so much about. You will get it.

Schedule an appointment and once the day comes take some time to prepare. I want you to take a bath and shave carefully. You have to be smooth to get a tattoo, so I don't want any hair below your eyebrows.

Just relax. While you are bathing think about what tattoo you want to get. While you are in there I want you to fantasize about how daring and hot it would be to get tattooed in some hot spot, maybe on your hips, or right between your beautiful breasts... Do one of your edges while you're in the tub to warm yourself up.

Once you are ready get dressed and get to the tattoo parlour.

I have two requests though.

First of all I want you to wear that jumpsuit we bought together. The one with the low neckline that reaches a few inches below your breasts. The one that looks like a dress but actually has a tight crotch and no openings. Then wear your heels, and nothing else.

My second request is that you get that tattoo on one of your thighs, right under your hip line so that the jumpsuit will completely cover it.

That's it.

I guess you can see the agenda here, but I think you will do your best to be treated just like a silly girl who didn't think this through.

It will be your first time completely naked in front of a stranger for quite a while. Moreover he will get pretty busy just a couple of inches away from your pussy. I hope it doesn't get too slippery down there.

First though you will probably need to be even more warmed up. So why don't you try some light teasing. When you are discussing your tattoo with him, tell him you haven't chosen the right spot yet. Tell him you'd like to make some tries, and ask him to try the temporary on your lower back, in the perfect tramp stamp spot. To let him do it you will have to lower your top down to the waist necessarily. You don't have to show him your titties if you don't want too. I'm sure the erotic tension will grow nevertheless as he sees your back and imagines your nudity.

Once the temporary tattoo is on your back tell him you've changed your mind, you want to see how it would look on your side, right under your armpit. So put your top back on, but you will have to uncover at least one of your breasts to let him work this time. Surely this kind of situation is something he experiences all the time in his job. Well, maybe not just like that, but don't worry, I'm sure he will be kind and patient.

Eventually confess you always wanted a tattoo on your thigh, right under your hip.

When the tattoo artist asks you to uncover your thigh, I'm sure he will be surprised you will have to strip completely naked and that you are not wearing any underwear at all. Act as embarrassed as you need, but once you are undressed ask him to hang your dress somewhere it won't get in the way.

While the artist is working you will just relax, chat a bit.

I'm sure the guy will be accurate and happy to give you the best work of his life. I'm also sure he'll want to take a picture for his portfolio. Let him of course, you don't want to be rude, and don't let your hands get in the way of the shots as he takes it of course, you wouldn't want to ruin it, would you? So keep them behind your back.

If you decide to complete your task you can have an orgasm. The only rule to get your orgasm is that your window of opportunity closes the moment you get back dressed. So you will have to climax before you put your jumpsuit back on. I'll let you figure out how. Or you can just give this one up and try again in three weeks, or, as I like to count it, in sixty-three edges.

Next time I'll be in town I'll stop by the parlour and I'll let you know if your tattoo made it to the sample book they show customers. I'm pretty sure it will be there.

