On the Beach
by magmaman ©

I was enjoying Hawaii, the beach at Waikiki was quite an experience. 
Pretty ladies everywhere, I just basked and took in the sights.

I quickly decided I wanted to see the rest of the islands, though, so I 
booked a flight to Kailua-kona on the big island.

I had a handful of brochures and a suitcase when the plane landed, that 
was it. I will always remember that landing, we hit so hard that the 
overhead doors popped open and bags went flying everywhere.

Just a bit harder and it would have had to have been called a crash 
landing. Lucky there was only a dozen of us on board, no one was hurt.

I walked over to where the car rentals were, a whole row of them to serve 
a dozen people. I got a beat up little Toyota and off I went to see the sights.

It was a couple of miles from the airport to the little town, this was about 1976 or so, the place was quiet back then.

"Sleepy little fishing village" the brochures said.

I pulled into the motel down by the seawall, got my room. I don't remember 
the name of it, it wasn't much. But it was right there on the ocean.

I settled in, looking sidelong at what was supposed to be a bed. I knew my 
6'1" and 245# frame was going to be uncomfortable, but oh well.

Across the street was a bar, I wandered over and ordered a Ginger Ale. 
There was a few couples, some locals snuggled up to the bar drinking out 
of tiny little Miller's bottles.

I sat over in the corner by myself, just enjoying the warm weather, trying 
to figure out where to go and what to do next.

That was when I noticed her. She was a little brunette, full upper body 
with what looked like a simple cloth wrap around her breasts. She had on 
dark glasses, and a matching short wrap around her bottom.

Pretty, I looked her over, noticing the older guy with some dabs of grey 
in his hair at her side. She turned her head my way just as he leaned in 
and whispered something to her, glancing my direction.

Just then I realized that the sun pouring in lit up her legs, and the way 
she was sitting I could see nearly all the way up her little wrap.

I did my best to not be caught looking, it was tough to do since they were 
sitting only about 15' away and right in front of me.

She made an odd motion, rolling her hips first one way, then the other as 
she reached into her purse for a cigarette. Somehow she had scooted her 
fanny forward on her chair a few inches.

Some more of the dark shadow came into view. I realized I was looking at 
what was probably pubic hair, but the way the sunlight hit I couldn't be 
sure. Just then her knees parted a couple of inches.

Now I was sure! Still, her crotch was in shadow, so I wasn't getting a 
perfect view.

Then it hit me that my back was to the afternoon sun, and she was facing 
into it. The awning hung out towards the seashore, shading most of the Bar 
except for the area they were sitting in. The edge of the shadow it cast 
came halfway up her thighs under the table.

I ordered another Ginger Ale.

More whispers between them, another glance my way, a hint of a grin on the 
guy's face made me realize they were doing it deliberately.

The sun slowly settled lower, that band of light moved higher up her bare 
legs. She did that odd roll of her hips again, now she was scooted another 
couple of inches forward in her chair.

She was trying so hard to appear completely oblivious to me sitting there 
that it was obvious she was watching for my reaction.

The band of light now reached far enough that I could see for sure that 
there were no underknickers, nothing. Her legs were far enough apart that I 
knew that when the sun settled a bit more she would be in clear view.

Guess I must have been leaning forwards in expectation or something, 
because she seemed to realize and closed her legs.

I leaned back, somehow disappointed. The moment I did, she opened her legs 
again, this time even farther. It was enough. The sun now shone right on 
her, it was like a flashlight on her pussy.

As everything unfolded into view, I was looking at huge swollen lips prodruding from a trimmed bush. I knew now, she was shiny and wet looking.

The guy at her side had a huge grin, he was watching me intently. I lost all pretense and just stared, she really was spectacular.

She sat like that for a good 10 minutes, just letting me look. Then she 
gave a little shudder, almost like she was having a small orgasm. Her legs 
began to open even more, she was looking right at me as she spread them as 
wide as they would go!

My cock was so hard in my shorts I knew it would be several minutes before 
I would be able to get up.

Then she relaxed, closed her legs, they finished their drinks and got up to go.

She reached in her purse, as they passed me on the way out, she dropped a 
card on the table in front of me, grinned, and they were gone.

I picked up the card, read the words.

It read, "He likes to watch, call me." and a phone number.

I dropped the card in my pocket. This was beginning to look like a fun 
vacation. 
