Katie's First Adventure
by JW

The night air hit Katie like a Mack truck as she stepped onto the front porch with the quietness of a door mouse. She told herself for the first attempt she would limit herself to the front yard and street in front of her house. That way if she changed her mind or someone or a car were to come she would be able to run for the backyard and be safe. 

The first step was closing the door behind her which she did with a nervous excitement; hearing the ‘click’ of the latch meant she was outside completely. Katie couldn’t believe she was on her front porch in the night air completely naked.

“I can’t believe I’m doing this, I can’t believe I’m doing this” was all Katie could say to herself as she nervously leaned forward and craned her neck in an attempt to look down the street for any signs of life.

Although it was almost 3am, she wasn’t sure if anyone would be up coming home from a late shift at work, or party, or whatever. Normally, Katie would be sound asleep at this time on a school night so she wasn’t familiar with the normal activities of early morning.

Katie decided the coast was clear and took two more steps forward. She was now off the porch and in the front yard. Katie looked down at herself transfixed by the way her naked body looked in the glow of the streetlight in front of her house and the way it reacted to the light breeze gently caressing every inch of her bare skin. Katie could see every goose bump as she slowly scanned her stomach and moved on to her b cup breasts. Although she didn’t have large nipples, she did note that they were very erect, and very hard sticking straight out like little pencil erasers. Katie then felt a curious tingle on the inside of her thighs and turned her attention to her pubis area. The wisps of blonde pubic hair did nothing to shield the breeze from stimulating the little bud that was slowly peeking out from the folds of her outer vaginal lips. Katie turned around and could make out the same goose bumps on her ass as were on her stomach. She was also glad that she shaved during her shower tonight as the streetlight accentuated every little thing.

The sensations continued on to her toes where she could feel the coolness of the dew that formed on the grass. Katie loved the way it felt on between her toes. At this point, Katie looked at the only thing she was wearing and saw that it was 3:10.

“It’s already been ten minutes, time to go to the street”. With that thought Katie precariously walked the ten yards to the street and stood on the curb. She could clearly see down the road both ways and saw nothing but parked cars on both sides of the road and a stray cat running across the street.
Katie then walked out and stood directly under the street light making no attempt to cover up. She was standing out in all her naked glory and she was getting excited. The feelings that were coming over her were indescribable; she looked down one end of the street and saw her bus stop. 

“In just four hours I’m going to be standing there waiting for the bus talking to Brooke and Missy; and no one will know that I was out here naked early in the morning”. A small grin grew across Katie’s lips at the thought of the prospect.

Looking to her right, she eyed Billy Walker’s house who has been her arch-enemy since the first grade. Billy never missed an opportunity to put gum in her hair, or trip her when they got off the bus, or knock her books out of her arms. And now, just a mere two or three hundred feet away, he was sleeping through the naked spectacle that was Katie. A larger, more sinister, grin formed on Katie’s lips.

Katie looked at the other houses on her block. Mr and Mrs Wilson lived next door and were always outside gardening; Katie wondered what they would think of her being outside naked right now. Directly across the street was old man White. He was probably the meanest man around and absolutely hated kids. His yard has a tall fence around it with no trespassing signs attached every 6 feet; he definitely wouldn’t approve of Katie’s little outing. The rest of the neighborhood was made up of young couples or families with kids Katie’s age or younger.

The barking dog caused Katie to jump. She wasn’t expecting it and, after a quick eyeball search of the neighborhood, decided the dog was probably Max who lived four houses down. He was probably barking at a raccoon or something. Katie started walking toward her bus stop, keeping close to the curb and constantly looking over her shoulder for anything that moved. She must have walked this walk a million times to the bus stop and she never gave any thought to her senses. Katie felt every step her feet made on the pavement. And with each step there was a corresponding jiggle of her breasts reminding her of just how naked she was. She heard every little puff of the breeze on the trees and distant dogs barking; she even thought she heard the engine of a car off in the distance. Her eyes were even tuned to her surroundings. A cat darted across the road ahead of her and to her right. It wasn’t out in the open, but she still detected the movement and honed in on the target. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest and thought it might explode at any minute. A strong gust came up and Katie became aware of one more sensation; it felt like her crotch was wet. She put her hand down there to check it out and she couldn’t believe that she was that wet. She knew what it meant; after all she went to the required family awareness and sex education classes last semester. She just couldn’t believe that she was aroused like this. As these thoughts went through her head she became aware realized that she was sliding her middle finger up and down the crack of her vagina making her even wetter down there.

Katie stopped at her bus stop which was also a playground with a slide, swings, bouncy horses, and monkey bars. She decided she wanted to play for a bit. First she went to the bouncy horses which she rarely got to use because Mike and Chris were usually sitting on them before she got to the bus stop. She hopped on the blue one and started rocking back and forth. The cold metal on her outer lips made her let out a barely audible gasp but soon she was rocking away. The rocking sensation of the horse against the bud that was her clit was all the encouragement she needed to keep going. She never had an orgasm when she played with it in the shower and wondered if she would experience one tonight. Unfortunately, she stopped when she felt she had to pee and sat there disappointed. She got off the horse and couldn’t believe she completely covered the metal saddle with her juices.

“Mike sure is gonna be lucky if he picks this horse to sit on in the morning” she thought. 

Then she figured why leave Chris out and she sat on the next horse repeating what she did the first time; all the way til she felt she needed to pee. She got off the horse and was pleased that she was able to cover that saddle in her juices as well.

Katie felt like she took enough chances this night and decided she better get back to the safety of her bedroom before she got caught. With a huge grin on her face, she skipped back to her house already planning her next outing and occasionally glancing down to her chest and impressing herself at how her breasts jiggled with each skip. She couldn’t wait to get to the bus stop to see Mike and Chris sitting on their horses not having a clue they were sitting on the gifts she left especially for them.

~End~
