Showing Heather
byZIPHER©

About 2 months ago when my wife Heather and I took a trip up to visit her younger sister Jen and her husband Rob.

We started out a little after 3pm on a Wednesday figuring we would get to Jen's house around 9 or 10 that night. Other than the drive being on schedule it was pretty uneventful and we arrived about 9:45 pm and were pretty tired.

Let me tell you a little about my wife's little sister. She is 30 years old and has been married to Rob for about 2 years. Actually it was at her wedding the last time we all had seen each other. Jen is the exact opposite of my wife. She has straight long blonde hair, big blue eyes and she is about 5' 7" 120lbs. Her breasts appear to be much larger than Heathers. Jen has a great body and she likes to wear clothes that show it off. Rob is an all right guy just very set in his ways. You know the type he has an exact time and a place to do everything. Rob is about 5'9" dark hair and not a bad looking guy.

Heather on the other hand is 38 years old. She has short black hair, brown eyes and is also very thin. She is about 5'4" 110lbs and her breast are no bigger than two oranges. Taking a guess I would say she is about a 34B. 

My wife is very conscious of her chest. Not because of the size but because of her nipples. Heather is very light skinned and her areola's are very dark and the perfect size of quarters. You could lie a quarter on them and it would make a perfect circle. But the best part of her tits and the thing that she is self conscious of is her nipples. She has very long nipples. They stick out just over half an inch when she isn't excited and they grow to over an inch and a half when she is aroused. Its like she has her constant high beams on all the time.

Heather always dresses very conservatively and always wears a double padded bra to hide her nipples. Even when she sleeps she puts on her bra.

This was our first time seeing Jen and Rob's new house, which they had just moved into about 6 months ago. So after the customary kisses and handshakes we brought in the bags and got the grand tour. It was a split bedroom house and we would be staying on one side of the house. We had our own access to the pool and our own bathroom. In addition to the pool they also had a hot tub located on the screened in patio. 

It was late so everyone decided to go to bed. We all said our goodnights and went to our rooms. Heather decided to take a shower first, so I went out on the patio to test the temperature of the hot tub. Now the hot tub is at one end of the patio and our bathroom door leading out to the patio is at the other end. While I was testing the water temperature, I saw the light click on in our bathroom and I couldn't believe my eyes. I could see straight into the bathroom right thru the curtain on the door. I could see Heather like I was looking at her thru a window. My mind was going a mile a minute. I had always fantasized about showing heather off but I knew she would never go for it. Now finally I was going to have my chance with her own sister and husband.

I crept up closer to the door and watched as heather started to remove her clothes. She pulled her shirt over her head and unclasped her padded bra. Her nipples came into view and I got an instant erection. She next pushed her shorts and panties down in one quick motion and stepped out of them. She was now completely naked. Her dark patch of black pubic hair stood out unbelievable against her fair completion. 

I immediately went back to the hot tub and sat down to see what type of view I had. It was unbelievable. Anybody sitting in the hot tub could see right into the bathroom. Heather jumped into the shower as I sat thinking of ways to use this. After about 5 minutes she was done with her shower and stepped back into my line of view.

She either took a very cold shower or was very excited because her nipples were at full attention. She began drying herself off and when she bent over to dry her legs, her ass was sticking straight at me. I couldn't take it anymore and began rubbing my cock thru my shorts. As she was bent over I could actually see her pussy lips and than were wet.

She stood up and stared at herself in the mirror. Than cupped her breast and started pulling on her nipples. (If she only knew she was being watched) Heather than sat down on the toilet and spread her legs. The position of the toilet and the way she was sitting gave whoever was outside the door a bird's eye view and left nothing to the imagination. After only a couple of minutes her breathing become heavier and her clit was really sticking out. She started rubbing her pussy faster while pulling on her nipples. Than she shoved 2 fingers up inside her. From where I was sitting I could see right up inside her. Here was my very conservative wife completely naked, with 2-inch nipples and 2 fingers buried deep in her pussy making her self come. It was too much for me to handle and I shot my load all inside my pants. It felt like I would never stop coming. Within in seconds I heard Heather moan clenched her teeth in order not to scream as she came in what appears to be in waves. She than stood up composed herself and finished getting ready for bed.

After my wife was done I went into the bathroom to clean myself up and inspect the door. When the light was out you could see out on to the patio but as soon as you turned the light on it was like looking at a solid wall. You couldn't see anything. I knew that what ever I did would have to be done at night.

The next day Rob went to work and we did some running around. I couldn't wait until nighttime to arrive. Finally at around 9 o'clock we all decided to go in the hot tub so we went to put on out suits. Of course Heather had on her 1pc suit with the padded bra but Jen came out and blew my mind. She was in a light blue bikini that showed off her body great. This was the first time I had ever seen her dressed like this and yes by far she had bigger tits than my wife and I wondered if see also had the long nipples. I could see right away Heather was uncomfortable with the way Jen was dressed. After about 20 minutes Jen said she had had enough and was going to go to bed. Heather also decided to call it a night. Everything was going perfect. I knew Heather would be taking a shower so I purposely slid around the hot tub so my back was to the bathroom door. This way rob would be able to see Heather getting ready without me knowing it.

After about 5 minutes I saw the light flick on and I knew Heather was now in the bathroom. Rob had seen her because I saw him look up when the light came on. I was worried that he might say something but that went away in a hurry when Rob slid around to get a better view without me noticing him.

The whole time I was talking to Rob he was looking past me and over my shoulder at the bathroom. I knew Heather was taking a shower but I wondered if Rob was going to get the same show I had the night before. Rob kept shifting in his sit so I figured he was getting a good view. After about 15 minutes I lend over the side to get a drink and I glanced back towards the bathroom and sure enough there was Heather sitting on the Toilet with her legs spread, her hand between her legs and her nipples at full attention. I quickly turned back around and acted like I didn't notice anything. Rob had the best sit in the house and appeared to be enjoying it. I had never thought this would work this great.

About 5 minutes later the light went out and I knew Heather had brought herself to orgasm but what she didn't know is she had an audience. She would die if she only knew that her sisters husband not only saw her naked but saw her masturbating. I decide I had enough and was going to bed. I quickly got out of the hot tub and rapped a towel around my now erect dick. Rob decided to stay in a little longer, probably because he didn't want to stand up, so I headed off to bed. Once inside the house I went into the bathroom but didn't turn on the light and waited until Rob got out of the hot tub. I was right he had a hard on sticking out of his swimsuit. What he did next I didn't expect, he dropped his swim suit around his ankles and starting jerking off right there on the patio. Although he was hard his dick appeared to be very tiny. Only about 4 inches long and very thin about as thick as a permanent marker. I felt sorry for Jen. Myself I am not the largest man I am only 6 inches long, but I have a very thick dick that Heather can just barely get her hand around.

Now here is my brother in law with his pants around his ankles jerking himself off thinking about my wife playing with herself. I t didn't take him long to shoot his load all over the floor. He may have a small dick but it seemed he shot a gallon of come.

At this point I was ready to burst. I went right in to the bedroom and heather was already in bed, I had a ragging hard on and I curled up next to her and started rubbing her ass. Now I said earlier that Heather dresses very conservative but she is very sexual and it doesn't take much to get her going. I slipped my hand under her nightshirt and into her panties, with my other hand I slid it up under her bra and starting pulling on her nipples. A low moan escaped her lips and she parted her legs a little further. I quickly unhooked her bra and took her nipple in to my mouth and sucked it for all I was worth. Heather nipples are so sensitive that I can often bring her to organism just by sucking on them. I started pulling on her nipple with my teeth and I plunged 2 fingers deep in side her drenched pussy. She started squirming and bucking and as she started to come. 

She had one of the longest organisms I can ever remember. By now I was ready to burst, this was the first time anybody had seen my wife naked except for me and her doctor in over 30 years and they also got to see her put on a show. I climb on top of her positioned the head of my dick at her opening and pushed forwarded. She engulfed me in one quick motion and I starting pumping like there was no tomorrow. My orgasm built up in my balls and after only 10 strokes I was filling her pussy with my come. After what seemed like minutes I collapsed on top of her and thought to myself this was only the first day we have 3 more days left and I have plenty of ways of showing Heather off not only to Rob but to her sister Jen.


Showing Heather Ch. 2

The next morning I got up and went into the kitchen for breakfast. Rob and Jen were already there and Rob was already dressed for work. Jen was still in her pajamas, which were a pair of silk shorts and a short sleeve silk top. She looked very sexy. Heather came in still in her nightshirt, which she had on the night before it came to just about her knees. 

Since it was white you could easily see her padded bra beneath it. Like I said earlier she never goes without her padded bra to hide her nipples, not even to bed. I tried to convince her that this would drive mean crazy but she gets embarrassed talking about it, turns red and drops the subject. As Heather said good morning to everyone, I watched Rob and he never made eye contact with her. I did notice a bulge in his pants develop and he quickly got up said goodbye and left for work.

The 3 of us decided to do some shopping at the mall and we headed out. After about 3 hours Jen said she wanted to get a new bathing suit and she new of this new store that had just opened that was suppose to have all the new styles. Heather wasn't to excited about going to look at bathing suits but after about 5 minutes we both convinced her and we headed out to the car. We arrived at the store a little while later and Jen was not kidding, it was wall to wall with every type of suit you could image. 

The sales girl came up to us and said her name was Annie and to let her know if she could help us find anything. Annie looked to be about 19 years old, dark hair and had a small chest but very cute. Jen went one way and Heather the other. I decided to go sit on the bench and wait for them to finish shopping. Jen was looking at 2 pc string bikinis and Heather 1 pc more concealing suits. Jen quickly found about 4 or 5 and headed to the dressing room in the back of the store. Heather on the other hand was having trouble finding a suit that had the extra padding she would need to conceal her long nipples. Finally I think out of frustration she grabbed 2 suits and went off to the dressing room in the front of the store. Now from where I was sitting I had a clear view of Heathers dressing room but I was somewhat blocked from her view because of a rack of suits.

Jen was the first one out in a hot red 2-piece suit that got my cock stirring. She paraded around looking at herself in the mirror admiring her gorgeous figure. After about 10 minutes Heather had yet to come out and Annie made her way over to Heathers curtain to see if everything was ok. I couldn’t make out what Heather was saying, but I heard Annie say it can be that bad let me take a look. With that Heather slowly pulled the curtain aside to let Annie she the suit. It was a blue one piece similar to what the lifeguards wear. The problem was Heathers nipples where sticking straight out. Heather face was beat red as this 19-year-old sales girl stared straight at her nipples poking out of the suit. Annie still hadn’t said a word, she just kept staring at my wife’s chest, and so Heather tried to explain her problem to her. As she was doing so her nipples started to get erect, which made them, stand out even further and embarrassed Heather even more. She quickly pulled the curtain closed and started to apologize to Annie.

It was obvious Annie had never seen anything like this before but she was trying to be very professional. Annie said don’t be silly I think I can help you with your problem. Heather slowly pulled the curtain back open as Annie continued, we just got a new shipment in from Europe, so they are not even on the floor yet. It’s a 1-piece suit that comes with different inserts that you can put into the cups of the suit and this should solve the problem. Heather was now standing there with her arms across her chest trying to cover her nipples. I will need to make sure that I put the right pad into the suit, so I need to ask you a personal question. Heather looked at her not knowing what she was going to ask her. Annie went on, stuttering a little I could tell it was starting to get to her, When you are total aroused, and your nipples are fully erect how far do they stick out? I couldn’t believe my ears. I don’t think Heather could either. Her face was the deepest red I had ever seen. 

Heather didn’t answer her right away but started looking around for Jen. She knew she would have to hurry before Jen came over and heard what was going on. She thought about for a second and while looking at the floor said I guess about an inch. I knew this was wrong; she is about an inch without being excited. Annie said you guess? You’re not sure? All Heather could do was shake her head no. Annie said wait 1 minute and pulled the curtain closed. She went behind the register and was back in a couple of seconds an pulled open the curtain. Heather looked on in horror as Annie was holding a ruler. In order to make sure you don’t have any problems with the suit in public we need to get the exact length. Annie pulled the curtain closed and told Heather to lower her top and pull on her nipples to get them at full attention.

I couldn’t believe this was happening. I could tell what was going on in Heathers mind. She wanted to get this over with before Jen came over and things would only be worse. So she lowered her top and started pulling on her nipples. When she had them at full attention she told Annie that she was ready and Heather held her hand over the top of the curtain so Annie could hand her the ruler. Instead of handing the ruler Annie grabbed a hold of the curtain and swiftly pulled it to one side. Annie was going to measurer my wife’s nipples herself. So there was my wife standing with her tits and erect nipples exposed to this 19-year sales girl. Annie’s mouth just dropped open as she starred at my wife tits. Heather appeared to be in shock because she didn’t move. She hadn’t expected Annie to pull open the certain and she made no attempt to cover herself. Annie grabbed the tip of Heathers right nipple and held the ruler up to it. I heard Annie gasp. It measured right over an inch and a half. She than did the same to the left nipple and it measured 2 inches exactly.

Annie pulled the curtain closed, said good thing we doubled checked. She went into the back and came back with a white 1-piece suit and handed it to my wife. Heathers face was still red from the embarrassment of this sales girl measuring her tits that she just paid for the suit without even trying it on.

We found Jen who had bought 2 suits and headed home. To this day Heather has never mentioned to me about what happened to her in the store.

It was late afternoon when we got home. As soon as Heather left the bedroom, I looked into the bag at her new suit. I wanted to examine it to see if the pads would work. I had never seen a suit like this before. There wasn’t any breast or crotch lining. Now I could see where you would hook the breast pads which Heather had to put in, but the crotch also had a place where you would hook some sort of lining into it. I wondered if Annie was so flustered from looking at my wife’s nipples that she forgot to give her the lining or maybe she didn’t give it to her on purpose or maybe you just didn’t need any.

Finally after some begging, I convinced the girls to put on their new suits and go for a swim. I was really excited about not only seeing if Heather’s suit actually worked to hide her nipples, but of seeing Jen in her new suit. My dick started to stir in my pants just thinking about it. I quickly got my suit on and went out to the pool. I knew Heather would be a little while because she had to put in her breast pads. Jen came out right after I jumped into the pool. She was wearing a yellow one-piece suit, cut high up the sides with a low-neck line. It looked like her tits were going to pop out at any minute. The suit highlighted her nice firm ass and caused my dick to rise. It was a good thing I was in the pool and could pull the raft over in front off me.

About 10 minutes later Heather came out in her new white one-piece suit. As she came over to the pool, I was amazed. You couldn’t see anything. You couldn’t even notice the breast pads. I thought for sure that her dark patch of public hair would show thru the white material, but nothing. The damn thing worked. I was disappointed to say the least.

Heather and Jen laid in the chairs to catch what was left of the sun. After about 30 minutes they both decided to join me in the pool. Now the pool water was chilly so I thought that there was still a chance of Heather’s nipples sticking out once she got the suit wet. She quickly dove in and when she came up she checked her top and all was ok. Son of a bitch, this wasn’t turning out the way I had thought it would.

We all talked and swam for about 15 minutes before Heather decided to get out and catch the last 30 minutes of sun. Now Jen had her back to the pool steps talking to me when Heather started climbing out of the pool. As soon as she got her waist above the water the crack of her ass came into view. My eyes followed her as she walked over to her chair and started drying off. When she turned around the crotch of her suit had disappeared. It was like someone had cut a hole in her suit right where her crotch was. You could easily see her dark patch of hair and her pussy lips thru the suit. It was obvious Heather didn’t realize that the crotch of her suit had become transparent when it got wet because she didn’t try to cover herself up.

I needed to switch positions so Jen would have a better view, so I decided to swim to the deep end of the pool and hope Jen would turn around to look at Heather. Sure enough Heather started talking to Jen and Jen turned to face her. Jen’s eyes about popped out of her head. She was about eye level staring straight at her sister’s exposed pussy. Jen quickly looked at me to see if I had noticed but I was in the deep end and pretended not to be looking in that direction. 

It looked like Jen was about to say something to Heather about her suit, but for some reason she didn’t. Heather than preceded to recline in her chair, put her head back and shut her eye’s. Instead of putting her legs up on the chair, she put each leg on either side with her feet touching the ground. When she did this it caused her pussy lips to open slightly, exposing herself even more. I could tell Jen was enjoying the view because her nipples started poking out of her suit and she couldn’t take her eyes away from Heather crotch. Jen than swam over to the edge of the pool and was within 2 feet of my wife. The most exciting thing was the whole time Heather was carrying on a conversation with Jen, not knowing that her sister was staring at her most private of areas. If I could have I would have pulled my dick out right there and jerked off but I thought that that wouldn’t go over to well.

As Heather’s suit started to dry it started to go back to normal. After about 20 minutes everything was back normal and my wife’s little show was over. Jen’s nipples were still sticking out so I could tell she was still excited. It was than that I realized Jen must not have the long nipples like my wife has.

It was starting to get dark, so we decided to go into the house and grab some beer and food and bring it back out to the pool area. I let the girls go ahead of me so I could climb out of the pool without them seeing the condition my dick was in. I quickly wrapped a towel around myself and headed for the house.

By the time we had gotten all the food together it had gotten dark out side but we still decided to bring everything out by the pool. Jen asked us to bring the stuff out and she would join us in a couple minutes she needed to use the bathroom and put some stuff away. So Heather and I brought everything out to the pool and I made up some stupid excuse saying I left something in the house I would be right back.

I was hoping that since Jen thought we were both outside that she would use our bathroom instead of going to the other side of the house. I was in luck, as soon as I entered the patio the bathroom light went on. I could see Jen as clearly as I had seen Heather the night before. Jen lock the door, and than started splashing cold water on her face, obviously she was still excited from the outside show. She started to pull the strap of her suit over her shoulders and she keep on going. Within seconds her two breasts sprung into sight. They were huge! At least 36D. My cock quickly got hard staring at Jen’s fabulous tits. Jen didn’t have long nipples, in fact just the opposite; they were like 2 little pencil erasers. 

She continued pulling her suit down over her stomach and finally past her pussy. Jen was completely bald. I had never seen a shaved pussy before and I took my dick out and started stroking it.

Jen proceeded to take her suit completely off and was now naked standing only 2 ft from where I was. She reached under the sink and pulled out a towel and laid it on the floor. She laid on her back facing my direction with both legs bent at the knees. This caused her pussy lips to open. She immediately began rubbing her now swollen clit. Within minutes her pussy was soaking wet. While rubbing her click with one hand, she took her other hand and shoved 3 fingers up inside her cunt. I started stroking my cock in rhythm with Jen fucking her pussy. I could hear her hand sloshing around she was so wet. Her juices her running out of her pussy on down the crack of her ass and onto the towel. She suddenly arched her back and raised her ass up in the air. Her hand was moving furiously over her enlarged clit as she let out a muffled scream. As she started coming, her floodgates opened and her pussy juice shot from between her legs on to the towel. I had heard about women ejaculating and squirting but I had thought it was all bull shit. Boy was I wrong. I quickly wrapped my towel around my waist and went back outside. Jen joined us about 10 minutes later and her face was still a little flush.

I was about to burst. I had to relieve myself so I excused myself to go back into the house to jerk off. I went into the bathroom and I could smell Jen’s pussy. I than went into the laundry room and saw the towel Jen had used to lay on. I picked it up and it was soaked thru from Jen’s pussy juice. It was like someone dipped it in a bucket off water it was so wet. The aroma was so strong it was like I had my head between her legs eating Jen’s pussy. I took my dick out and wrapped it in the soaked towel. And started jerking off picturing Jen shoving her fingers in her shaved pussy and I shot my load in a matter of seconds. All in all it was a pretty good day.


