Spanish Fun
byLibertine©

Elisabeth, a lush English rose, woke up and found that it was a lovely morning. Or maybe the morning had already passed. She was on vacation and had left her watch in her purse. On vacation one shouldn't care about time was her opinion.

She jumped up and quickly got ready for the beach which looked lovely through the big window. She thought for a moment to wake up her husband but decided to let him sleep. Besides, she felt like being alone this first morning in Spain.

She put on dark glasses when stepping outside. The bikini was brand new and the most daring she had ever had. In fact it was so small that she hadn't had the courage to show it to her husband yet. She was rather sure that he would strongly disapprove of her wearing it in public. The top hardly covered her nipples and the bottom was just a thong which she had never worn in public before. Now she felt thrilled wearing it. 

She strolled along the beach watching the sun lovers that was as early as she was. She noticed that many of the women were topless and not only the young, good-looking ones. She remembered the travel agency´s information the night before telling that being topless was not only permitted but was very common. And not only tourists but also local women went topless. She could see that it was true from the lack of tan lines. 

She relaxed more and more and made her naked ass roll when she walked. Just a little at first then more and more. 

A sudden strong urge made her get rid of her top too. She had never before been topless in public. The feel of her boobs bouncing freely was lovely and so was the warm breeze on her nearly naked body. She took in the sun feeling utterly happy. 

She noticed a young man watching her with great interest. He was lying on a towel about twenty yards from the shore line and watched everything that passed him. But she felt his gaze on her body all the time when she slowly neared and walked past him. It felt like his gaze burned into her nipples which immediately got hard and protruding. 

She had walked for about half a mile and the beach was nearly deserted when she saw him again. He was sitting on a dune and waved at her to come closer. She wasn't absolutely sure at first but his gaze told her body that it was him al right.

She couldn't resist altering her course and walked towards him although her mind told her not to. The brochure had also warned about the young men on the beach trying to seduce mature women. Maybe it wasn´t a warning but a hint, she thought?

When she approached he rose and stood still. She admired his athletic young body and noticed with a twitch in her pussy the bulge in his small trunks, a bulge that grew noticeable when she got closer.

She was pulled towards him like by a magnet. She had no will of her own.

"Hi," he said when she was close and reached out and took both her hands, not to shake them as a greeting but to pull her close. Suddenly she was standing so close that her nipples nearly touched his chest. She straightened up trying to avoid touching but that only made her full, firm breasts to stand out even more. He laughed warmly and nudged her closer until not only her nipples but also her boobs pressed against him. He was tall and looked down at her smilingly.

Suddenly he leaned down and kissed her. Softly at first then harder and importunate. Her body responded automatically although her mind told it not to and returned his kiss passionately. He kept kissing her for quite a while and she felt his tool harden against her soft belly.

He broke the kiss and with a swift movement untied her tiny thong and her body helped getting rid of it by moving the feet apart. He knelt in front of her and put his face against her luxurious bush, a part of her body that she was very proud of and spent time every day to keep nice and tidy. His tongue found her cleft of Venus and followed it downwards until it found the pleasure button. It rested there for quite some time licking and kissing until her knees buckled and her juices started to flow.

She was very aware of that she was standing naked being very intimately caressed by a man on a public beach but she hadn't enough willpower neither to stop it nor saying something. His tongue was doing too marvellous things with her. 

Suddenly she remembered a novel by Erica Jong, Fear of flying, where the zipless fuck was described, something that just happened between strangers. Now when it was about to happen to her she understood the power and loveliness of it. 

In a floating motion the man rose and lifted her up and put her down on her back. Her legs spread automatically; her mind had no part in that. Nor was her mind involved when her body adjusted to get into the best position to receive him. There was no doubt in her mind that he would enter her as soon as he was ready. He stood for a moment taking in the lovely scene of this mature woman lying before him being as ready as any woman can be to receive a man. Her body also betrayed her, showing that it was more than willing. The legs spread wider, the knees pulled up, the thighs opened giving access to her heaven and the feet left the ground.

He stood before her and slowly pulled his trunks down letting out his manhood. She gasped at the lovely sight of the fully erect cock that throbbed slightly in anticipation. 

Then he was all over her. He grabbed her waist lifting her ass upwards. He caressed and kissed her all over. 

His tongue found its way to her innermost secret and she cried out of pleasure when it flicked over her clit since long engorged and waiting to be caressed. Her legs went straight up in the air by themselves. 

Suddenly he moved upwards and she could feel the tip of his cock touch her innermost secret and effortlessly slide into her. She had been ready and her body prepared to help the best it could. With one push he came all the way inside her and then stopped. 

He stayed completely motionless buried deep in her. She lifted her gaze and saw that he was looking at her. When their eyes met he smiled warmly. She felt him getting bigger and harder inside her and narrowed her pussy in a real tight hug.

Then he started to move in and out, softly at first but slowly speeded up increasing the length and hardness of his thrusts. She got her first orgasm almost immediately, something that otherwise didn't come easy. He stopped for a little while looking at her smilingly. 

Then he became the lover she always had dreamt of. Caring and brutal at times, demanding and tender in between. At one time he turned her over and entered her from behind. He took her to one height after another and showed no sign to tire or being selfish. She felt that she was well on the way to the big one and when it came she fainted. 

She came too slowly but when she did she wondered what had happened to her lover. He had withdrawn from her that was for sure but she felt neither pressure from his body nor any warmth if he was resting nearby. She opened her eyes and got flabbergasted to find that she lay in her bed. The duvet was pushed aside and her nightie had ridden up. She was totally exposed from the belly down.

She looked over at her husband but he was snoring calmly. She put her hand to her nose and felt a very familiar scent. A shy grin spread on her face. It had been a wonderful dream turned into lovely self abuse. Her pussy was still wet and a little sore.

Elisabeth went to freshen up. When she returned she stopped before the full length mirror watching herself carefully. She saw a woman in a well worn shapeless cotton nightie. With a guilty smile she had to admit that she didn't look one bit sexy in that outfit. She pulled it over her head and it got much better. At the age of thirty-five she was still well worth looking at she decided. She had kept in shape and her boobs were still firm with only the sag that their good size required. She turned around and looked at her full ass still round and firm. 

When she was about to turn back her husband grunted. She looked at him. He too had got rid of the duvet. With surprise she noticed a good morning pride. 

"I haven't seen that for a long time," she thought. "I wonder if it is the vacation. Or maybe I just haven't looked," she admitted to herself a bit guilty. It was long since last time. She couldn't clearly remember when.

She watched him for a while and warmth spread between her thighs.

"Why not," she thought lewdly and remembered that he had been at his best in the mornings before their sex life had got into a rut with quick, dutifully fucks on Saturday nights, more and more seldom though.

"Yes, why not," she laughed out and felt her body prepare very fast.

She moved over to the bed where her husband was lying on his back. For once she was happy that he slept in the nude which she normally didn´t like. The lovely cock was there, nothing in the way that had to be removed. It lay there on his belly swelling and twitching lightly ready to be put in action. She bent over and gently licked the very sensitive underside and felt it react. Swiftly she took him into her hungry mouth and sucked him gently. She didn't want him to wake up just yet. 

When she was satisfied with the hardness she carefully straddled him. With a swift movement she grabbed his cock and put it in place and wriggling her hips eased it into her pussy. 

When her husband woke up she was already thoroughly impaled on his shaft engulfing the full length in her eager pussy. Suddenly she couldn't understand why there had been such a long time since last. This felt lovely.

She started to move and he met her grabbing first her hips and then caressing her body. They both knew that he usually concentrated his caresses on her boobs but this time he took his time reaching them. He worked thoroughly on her hips, ass and belly before reaching out for the swelling boobs that swung teasingly above him. 

She rode him for a long time making sure not to arouse him too much. She got off a few times in well deserved orgasms each time giving both of them a breather. Then she put her rusty skill in motion and very determined pushed them towards a mutual climax. 

It came much harder to her than she had thought possible. She moaned highly and when she reached her climax she screamed on top of her lungs not giving a damn if people next door heard her. Her husband followed suit and grunted every time he shot a load into her. 

She fell forward staying on top of him. After a while she looked him in the eyes smilingly and then kissed him, a full blown kiss. That also had been a long time, she couldn't remember when they had kissed properly not counting short pecks. Now she liked it, yes she really liked it she decided and went on kissing using her tongue in a deep French kiss. He too liked it and took an active part.

Suddenly she felt that his cock never had left her pussy completely. She got aware of it because it started to grow inside her. She felt with great pleasure how it expanded deeper and deeper into her, it was the only direction it could grow as she was sitting down on him. It also swelled spreading her again. Now she remembered the old times and his ability to take her twice in a row. She felt utterly happy when she rose. The hard cock slid out of her and it showed very clearly what a good time it had had in her. 

She quickly repositioning herself to stand on all fours which she knew was his favourite. He really deserved it this morning she thought with a lustful grin.

He took her with gusto. As he had come once already they knew it would take some time before he was ready to shoot again and took full advantage of that. He fucked her lengthily making her come several more times and in the middle she again repositioned. This time she stood up leaning over a table wriggling her full ass which she remembered that he liked before letting him in from behind. 

She had deliberately chosen the place to stand. When she turned her head she could watch them in the big mirror. After a while their eyes met and they smiled towards each other. The locked eyes gave him new energy to fuck her hard and eagerly. 

At the end they came together and again she screamed on top of her lungs acknowledging in full the lovely treatment she got from her husband. Up to the final moment she watched his contorted face and his great relief when he started to spurt. When his first shot hit her she got over the brink and from then on wasn't able to watch anything until she had recovered. But then she looked again and met his beaming eyes and saw a proud grin all over his face. She smiled happily back.

Then she did something that she suddenly remembered having done on their honeymoon and maybe a year after but then had abandoned. She spun around and knelt before him. She took his grimy cock in her mouth and sucked it to get the last drops out but also cleaned it thoroughly. It was long since she last had tasted their mixed juices which she now regretted when she felt the lovely taste. She went on licking all around his hairy balls and finally took them into her mouth one at a time. She finished by taking all of his limp cock in her mouth again keeping it there for some time.

They showered together caressing each other but twice in a row what was he could muster. They hadn't precisely exercised his ability which she now regretted. But it was an excellent start of their vacation and who knows what can be done in a couple of weeks she thought smiling inwardly.

After a late breakfast they went down to the beach. Without hesitation she had put on her new bikini. He made big eyes and tried hard to talk her out of wearing it. But she was adamant in refusing telling him to wait and see.

When they walked along the beach to find a good place she was amazed to see that it looked exactly like in her dream. She recognized everything although she hadn't been there before. Well, they had taken a stroll the night before of course. And many women were topless. Her husband tried to be casual about it but with amusement she noticed how he tried to hide from her how his eyes darted around. Giggling she put her mouth against his ear nibbling it a little before comforting him saying that it was all right to watch. To her own amazement she even encouraged him by discreetly showing him where to find nice boobs. 

When they reached the spot where in her dream she had taken her top off she stopped.

"I am going to do like all these women. I will take my top off," she declared. Her husband looked horrified and again tried to talk her out of it but to no use. She unsnapped the bra and stood proudly letting her breasts sway lightly.

When they resumed walking her husband tried to shield her but was in great trouble because he wanted to shield both her exposed boobs and her naked ass. 

She couldn't understand that she felt so unchecked and frivolous. She had always been shy, seldom showing any cleavage at all. Now she was walking topless in public feeling heavenly and acknowledging glances from the men on the beach. Secretly at first but then more and more openly flashing smiles at those looking at her. She felt lovely naughty. Her husband relaxed a little but had mixed feelings. He was embarrassed on her behalf but also enjoyed walking alongside a woman that obviously was attractive to other men.

She got aroused and started to walk with more and more exaggerated movements. Her hips rolled and her boobs bounced more than necessary. She felt lovely lewd.

Suddenly she thought that she recognized a man and startled when she noticed that he was sitting on the same spot as the man in her dream. And there was no doubt in her mind. It was the same man. And he waved familiar at her. Again she felt his gaze drill into her nipples making them hot and erect. She looked him in the eye and smiled at him. He smiled wickedly back and bowed slightly.

She had to use all her will power to break free from his gaze and walk on. But she felt his gaze warming her buttocks and drilling in between them. How could that be, she wondered. She had never met nor seen that man before and yet she recognized him and he recognized her shamelessly. 

She quickly found an empty spot and settled on it with her husband. She was still very much within the sight of that man. She lay back and his stares still drilled into her nipples keeping them hot and erect.

She didn't know what to believe. It was impossible that she knew that man. Or was she still dreaming and would eventually wake up in her own bed? That made sense and the marvellous sex she had had with her husband fitted in. But that had felt real enough and her pussy was still lovely sore from it. She was very puzzled not sure about what was dream and what was reality.

She had to find out she thought after a while. She looked at her husband and found him soundly asleep. She rose and her gaze swept over the place where the man had been sitting. To her great disappointment he wasn´t there anymore. As in her dream her body didn´t obey her mind and decided to go and look for him.

She started to walk along the beach just like in her dream. She soon became aware of that she drew much more attention from all the men on the beach now without her husband. But she didn´t dislike it, on the contrary, she loved it to her great amazement. She straightened up pulling her shoulders back thus lifting her naked boobs and pushing them forward. Her nipples hardened until they proudly stood out. She knew that not only her boobs stood out but also her Venus mound, hardly covered by the tiny thong. She smiled openly at the men staring at her and quite a few made her very proud with small bows to acknowledge her beauty.

She walked slowly along the beach savouring every moment of it. For some reason she wasn´t surprised when she eventually recognised the spot where in her dream she had made love to the man she was looking for being so shamelessly naked for everyone to see. Well, she thought with amusement, there was little real difference between being stark naked and wearing just the tiny thong. The big difference was in the public eye though. 

Then suddenly she startled. Not of chock because someone had just touched her naked ass she realised. No, she was mentally prepared to getting pinched. It was, she had read, the men´s way of showing appreciation to a woman in this part of the world. No, the startling was just because it happened so unexpected.

She braced herself for the pinch but to her disappointment there was none. Instead a hand cupped her full ass cheek and squeezed it gently. She turned around.

Behind her stood a young man who could be the man from her dream although she wasn´t sure. But he certainly was handsome enough and with a promising bulge in his narrow trunks.

"Hi there madam," the hunk said. "You are lovely. I want to make love to you. You will love that I promise you. Tell me when to come to your room."

"Oh thank you. That sounds like a lovely offer that has to be considered thoroughly," she answered sweetly smiling at him. And then she got bold, much bolder than she ever had thought possible. She cupped her hand around the bulge in the trunks and squeezed it. She loved to see the chock on the young man´s face and got even bolder when the bulge didn´t react to her liking. She pushed her hand into his trunks and held the cock and balls in her hand playfully until the cock started to get hard. She kept rubbing it until it was fully hard. She jacked it slowly freeing it from the trunks. She bent over to get a good look. 

"Thanks for the offer," she said. "But no thanks. I already have a man in my room with a cock that is bigger than this and he will give me a good working over. He will give me what I need and more so." She left him with a last caress of his cock and with a big sweet smile.


She turned back but walked slowly. She couldn´t believe what she just had done. But it felt heavenly. She was sure he was one of these gigolos the travel agency representative had talked about. 

She loved walking along the beach. She saw a couple totally nude in a shielded spot and got tempted to get rid of her thong too but didn´t had the courage. But when the front triangle of the thong got out of place and the string disappeared in between her labia lips she let it be. She was sure that her puffy lips showed and loved it, feeling secure because she was still wearing the thong.

She took another route on her way back, a route where more men lay in the sun. She walked as slowly as before and rewarded each nod and bow with a sweet smile. She stopped now and then looking around pretending to get her bearings but it was only to show off turning around when looking.

Suddenly she jumped. There was a stinging pinch in the most sensitive part of her buttocks, the place on top of the inner thigh where the ass starts to form and where the skin is thin and soft. She turned around and saw a hairy man, not a gigolo type. He got scared but calmed down when she flashed her sweetest smile at him. No, she didn´t mind getting pinched knowing that it was a token of admiration the big smile told.

She walked on and saw her husband a bit further on. She took a route that brought her to come up to him from behind. She stood a few paces away watching him for a while without him knowing it. He was busy watching the women walking along the beach or lying down. To her surprise she still didn´t get pissed off which she normally would have. No, she generously allowed him the lovely sights as she had done before.

She turned and went around approaching him from the beach side. As she had hoped he saw her and his eyes were glued to her body when she walked towards him. She stopped just before him and stood erect with her feet slightly apart. He took all of her in and she got utterly delighted when his eyes widened at the sight of her nearly naked pussy. And she got even more pleased when his snake bulged in his trunks-

She lay down at his side telling what a nice walk she had had. She tried to calm down and settle in the sun but there was an itch in her body to show off even more. 

After a while a woman who lay a little to the side of them sat up on her knees. She was topless but she moved so carefully that her boobs hardly swayed. Suddenly she bent forward to rummage in her basket. To avoid toppling over she spread her knees giving them a nice sight when first her crack opened and then her slit. The band in her thong shielded the most essential. Elisabeth looked at her husband and laughed throatily when his jaw dropped. 

I would certainly look better than that, she thought when the woman lay down again. My boobs are bigger and my thong is smaller. She smiled inwardly thinking about how she would look. Suddenly it downed on her that she actually was planning to do it. All of a sudden she felt totally careless and without restrains. She didn´t understand it really but thought that it had to do with being abroad where they know no one. The feeling was enticing.

She looked around to locate interesting males. She became amazed when she realised that she actually was staging her show off. She got very pleased finding lots of males all around her. 

She hesitated but just for a second before pure lust made her to slowly rise and then sit on her heels. She stretched her back pushing her heavy boobs forward and made them bounce. She looked around. Yes, she already had caught the attention of several males.

She fiddled with the straps of her thong adjusting it until she felt that the string going down the crack of her ass was in place. 

She bent forward to stand on all fours. Her ample boobs now hung down and she made them swing. She felt the nipples harden from the knowledge that several men now watched not only her boobs but also her ass. She kept her thighs well together knowing that her ass looked good in that position. Well, she thought, just wait, there is more to come. But she let them wait getting very excited from being watched. She felt her labia swell. Time to start the show, she thought. 

She started to ease her knees apart. After a few small moves she felt that the thong had to be adjusted. She tugged discreetly at the material until she felt the tiny string slid in position. Her labia swelled even more and she knew that her slit was moist. She moved her knees further apart and one last tug made the string disappear between her engorged pussy lips. 

She looked around to get the reaction. She became very pleased when she saw that she had the attention of several men behind her. She even met the eyes of some of them and cashed in smiles and nods of appreciation. She moved her knees further apart and lowered her upper body until her nipples touched the sand. She got an idea and straightened up. She put some saliva on her finger and wetted her now erect nipples before lowering her upper body again. She rubbed them lightly in the fine sand. It felt lovely with the rough sand on them. She eased her knees even further apart and that was as far as they would go in this position. She got aware of that she also wriggled her ass. It was her body´s own decision. But it felt great although it wasn´t planned.

She stayed on her knees much longer than she knew was appropriate but she didn´t care. But when her husband turned towards her she sat back up on her heels looking around. Several men acknowledged her performance with big smiles and bows. She felt great and lay down. This time she spread her legs for those passing in front of her. She put a towel under her head to be able to watch. 

She got rewarded. Many men casually let their gaze drift over the women lying on display and many of them startled and slowed down when they noticed her spread thighs and what must look as a naked pussy. She noticed quite a few coming back strolling past slowly with swellings in their trunks. She felt completely unashamed and very lewd.

She lay like that letting the sun and the stares heat her inner thighs. Eventually her husband woke up and suggested that it was time for something to eat. She reluctantly agreed and made a great show of collecting her things and getting on her feet. 

Hand in hand they strolled along the beach. She carried the bra in her hand until just before she entered the bar area. She got an idea when she passed a beach shop. After lunch she was going to look for a new bikini. One that was even smaller than she was now wearing. Maybe one of these string bikinis? The thought made her pussy to twitch.
