First Meeting
by a_quietguy©

I chose a coffee shop for our first meeting, because of our shared addiction to caffeine. Although we had shared many emails and had spoken on the phone a few times, I was a little nervous about our first meeting. I did not really know how well you related to men given your traumatic past, but I was still excited about finally getting to meet you in person. 

After a brief wait, I looked up from my reverie to see you walking toward me. I stood to greet you, and I was immediately taken by your easy smile. Within minutes we were relaxed and comfortable, talking as if we were old friends and not just internet acquaintances meeting in person for the first time.

Several cups of coffee later, we decided to leave the coffee shop. You suggested a park several miles away where we could go to walk and enjoy the unusually warm December day, and soon we were on the way. As I drove, I rested my hand on the back of the seat so I could stroke your neck. I felt you stiffen at my touch, but I persisted in the hope that it would help you relax. I enjoyed the smoothness of your skin and the silkiness of your hair against my fingertips. Soon you had your eyes closed and your head was pressed against my hand as I gently massaged your supple flesh. 

With your eyes still closed you reached out and stoked my leg just above the knee. We continued that way for several minutes as we made our way in to the park. I found a secluded space near the far end of the lot and parked there. I looked over and your eyes were still closed, your hand still on my knee. I leaned toward you and kissed your ear. You took a deep breath, but still you kept your eyes closed. I kissed the side of your forehead, your cheek, your hair. You slowly turned your head toward me, and I kissed your lips. That kiss ignited a fire that smoldered within you, and that first kiss became deep and passionate as our tongues met and intertwined.

I pulled you closer as we kissed more deeply; desire spread through my loins. With my left hand I unbuttoned your blouse, and soon my hand was inside the cup of your bra caressing the tender flesh of your breast. Your nipple hardened at my touch, and our kiss became more animated. 

I felt your hand sliding up the inside of my thigh, and soon your fingers were stroking my cock through the fabric of my jeans. My state of arousal was obvious given the swell you felt beneath your fingers, and I took your actions as an invitation. I removed my hand from your breast and pressed it up beneath the hem of your skirt. You parted your legs to allow me ready access to your hidden charms. As I moved my hand up between your thighs, you slid down in the seat and spread your legs farther. Your eyes were still closed as my fingertips reached the dampness of your panties. I pressed my fingers against you and I felt the swell of your pussy lips through the fabric. You sighed softly as I ran my fingers over your covered cunt. 

Being the curious man that I am, I pushed the fabric aside so that I could explore your shaved pussy for the first time. Your skin was wet with your juices as I caressed your clit and then toyed with your luscious lips. Without saying a word, you raised your hips and removed your panties. As I pressed my open hand against your pussy you raised your ass and pushed against my hand. I was tempted to unzip and allow you to touch my exposed cock, but I decided on another course of action. 

"Come with me," I said, and you followed me along the trail to a forested part of the park. 

Once we were back in the woods and away from the path, I pushed you toward a large rock. I turned you away from me and commanded you to lean forward and rest your upper body on the rock. I moved behind you and lifted your skirt up onto your back. As I unbuckled my jeans, I stepped back so that I could admire your lovely ass and your smooth cunt peeking out between your upper thighs. 

I moved forward and pressed my cock against your ass. At my touch you tried to rise up and turn around, as if you were having second thoughts. I smacked your ass hard with my open hand, unconcerned that those walking on the path nearby might hear us. 

"Don't move." I slapped your ass again. I saw you squirm as the heat radiated through your flesh. 

I placed my swollen cock between your thighs and rested it there for a moment. Now subdued, you wiggled your ass against me in invitation. When I did not accept right away, you moved your hand to my cock and tried to place it into your pussy.

SMACK! "What do you think you are doing? I will fuck you when I am ready. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand. I am sorry for being so forward, but I need your cock inside me." 

SMACK! "I will tell you what you need. Do you understand?"

"Yes," you said, more meekly this time. 

Unsure how long our privacy might last, I placed the head of my cock against the opening of your pussy and pressed slowly forward. Then suddenly, I drove my cock inside you, burying its entire lengthy within your swollen pussy. You moaned loudly as your cunt stretched to accommodate the intruder. 

"Yes, moan if you like. Cry out. Scream. Beg. I want passers-by to know you are getting fucked. I want them to hear you begging for my cock. Do you understand?"

"Yes. So fuck me hard. Fuck me now!"

Reaching up, I wrapped my hand in your hair and pulled your body back toward me as I began fucking you. I loved the feel of your pussy wrapped tightly around my cock, and I closed my eyes so that I could focus on the sensations. With eyes closed, I listened to the slurping sound emitted by your pussy on every thrust. Damn, you were a good fuck!

When I opened my eyes, I noticed some movement in the bushes about 30 feet in front of us. I could not make out the details of who was watching, but I knew that there was someone interested in watching us. 

I pulled hard on your hair as I pumped harder into you. You were holding your body up with your arms as you wiggled your ass against me, pulling my cock fully within you on each and every stroke. 

"You have a fuckable pussy, Louise. Do you like the way my cock fills it?"

"Yes! Yes! Yes!"

"Do you know that we are being watched? Look there in the bushes? Can you see our visitor?"

"Yeessss!" The movements of your ass became quicker and sharper as you fucked me more forcefully for our viewer. You began to moan loudly as our coupling became more violent.

Suddenly, I pulled my cock out of you and moved back a bit. You turned to look at me over your shoulder, but you made no effort to cover yourself of to stand up. I studied your ass noting the redness caused by my earlier slaps meant to get your attention. 

"So, what would you like now? Want me to fuck your pussy and make you cum? Or how about your ass? Are you ready to be fucked in your ass? Do you want me to stretch that lovely asshole with me cock? Tell me what you want."

"Oh, yes! Fuck me in the ass!," you said in a quiet tone.

"Louder! I want our visitor to hear you. Beg me to fuck your ass so he can hear!"

"Please fuck my ass! Please! I want your cock in my ass."

With that, you reached behind and pulled your ass cheeks apart, inviting me to fuck you. Unable to resist any longer, I wet my cock head with saliva and placed it against your puckered hole. You moved your hands back to the rock you were leaning against to prepare for the assault that you knew was coming.

I moved slowly forward and pressed into your tight hole. My plan was to press slowly forward to avoid causing you any pain, but you wanted none of that. As soon as my cock began delving inside you, you pushed back hard and forced my cock deep inside you. You moaned loudly as you were split wide by my engorged dick, but you did not pull away. 

"What do you think you are doing?," I said as I slapped your ass. SMACK! Do you think you are in charge?" SMACK! SMACK! "Tell me you are sorry, or I will pull out and leave you standing here with you ass in the air. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I understand. I'm sorry. Please don't stop. I love the feel of your cock in my ass. I want you to fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me! FUCK ME!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! I spanked your ass as I resumed probing deep inside your tight asshole. You moved back against me on every thrust, and we soon developed a rhythm that drove us to new heights of ecstasy. During this time, I repeatedly pulled back on your hair, forcing my cock fully within you on every stroke. And on every stoke, I slapped your now crimson ass cheeks. SMACK! Thrust. SMACK! Thrust. SMACK! Thrust. SMACK!

By this time your moans were punctuated by grunts that coincided with every thrust I made inside you. I could tell you were staring into the bushes, wondering who was watching and just what they could see. But you were undeterred by this visitor, by the setting, by the fact that you had a cock in your ass in the great outdoors. All you were concerned about, all you were focused on, was the feel of my hard cocking ripping apart your delicate ass. SMACK! Thrust. SMACK! Thrust.

Soon, I could feel the cum begin to rise up from my balls. Your sounds, being watched, the tightness of your ass were too much to allow me to hold back any longer.

"I'm going to cum, Louise! I am going to shoot my cum deep inside your ass! Are you ready?"

"Yes, fuck me hard. Fill me with your cum."

And so I did. I pumped harder and faster, fucking you for all I was worth. You screamed loudly at my renewed aggressiveness, but I could not tell if it were from pain or pleasure. I did not care. All I could think about was shooting my load of cum deep inside of you. 

SMACK! Thrust. SMACK! Thrust. SMACK! THRUST. THRUST. THRUST. And then I came, long and hard.

You yowled loudly as I came, a deep guttural cry like a she wolf might make when she was taken by her mate. The sound sent shivers through me, and pumped even harder against you in response. 

Soon, I was spent, and your body slumped forward to press against the rock. We remained that way for several minutes as we caught our breath. I saw our visitor slink away as we stood there and recovered. Eventually, my cock shrunk and slipped out of your ass. I straightened my clothes as you stood up and turned to face me. I leaned forward and gave you a kiss. 

I took your hand and led you back toward the car. As we approached the parking lot, a patrol car pulled up and parked beside my car. The ranger stepped out and walked toward us.

"How are you folks doing this afternoon?"

"Fine, Sir. Just out to enjoy this fine day."

"Did you see anything suspicious? We had reports of strange sounds coming from the woods?"

"No, sir. Nothing out of the ordinary."

At that point he glanced at you. His trained eyes noted your flushed countenance, your disarrayed hair, the slight post-orgasm fog in your eyes. He might also have noted the thin trail of cum that was not tricking down the inside of your calf, but if he did, he did not say anything.

"Well, thank you anyway. You folks have a good afternoon." And with that, he proceeded on toward the woods.

We hurried toward the car where you recovered your panties and pulled them on to keep my cum from puddling in my car seat. As we drove quickly away from the park, we had a good laugh and promised each other that there would be many more such adventures.
