Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 17)

I leaned on my limited knowledge of Westerns and pop culture to build my story. Dave approved it when I showed him and only offered a few suggested edits based on his greater expertise and knowledge of the period. He went off to prepare the needed scenes while I went to pick out the wardrobes. I knew Lucy was going to be disappointed with hers. Other than a dress at the beginning, her character in the story I had written was fated to spend the rest of the time nearly or totally naked.

I returned to hair and makeup to find she had completely transformed her appearance. The modern sun-kissed girl on a beach vacation was long gone. Using some pictures of models provided for reference, she had taken advantage of the array of brushes and other equipment to tame her out of control windswept blonde hair and fix it into clean double braids. The tips hung down just long enough to caress her bare shoulders. I gave her one of those bonnets that you would see on Little House on the Prairie, and she tied it under her chin in a big bow. The blue fabric of the bonnet brought out the blue in her eyes beautifully.

Since settlers rarely had time for makeup, she had only put on a minimal amount. She was supposed to be a wholesome young prairie girl, not some scarlet hussy who lived above the dance halls. Besides, her radiant natural beauty and healthy glow usually made makeup unnecessary. I was pleased to see she had found her favorite shade of lipstick: bubblegum pink. It made her plump lips match her little round nipples so perfectly that I hated to give her the dress and cover them up. But I took comfort in knowing her nipples were scripted to make a reappearance soon enough.

Her outfit was a traditional blue calico pioneer dress with a white apron. It was high-waisted and came down modestly to her ankles. As any girl would, she took delight in spinning in place and watching it flair out all around her. She looked positively adorable with her beaming smile shining out from beneath her bonnet. She was quite photogenic and would make the perfect all-American model for Cowboy Dave’s promotionals in that dress. Too bad the dress wasn’t scheduled to last very long.

Once she was ready, we found Dave and began our shoot. In the first scene of my story, a young pioneer girl had ridden her one-horse buggy into town to buy feed. Lucy fit the part as the picture of innocence and promise. In her smile and demeanor, she embodied the unbroken spirit American explorers used to settle the sometimes-harsh new world. In my backstory, she had been sent to town by her parents. Being nearly still a child, it was the girl’s first time doing so by herself, but she was growing up quickly and needed to take on more responsibilities. Her first stop was the bank. That's where her journey would take a tragic turn.

Cowboy Dave had done an amazing job setting every scene and making everything perfect. With only two live actors, he filled in the scene with the appropriate amount of extras; mannequins already dressed in western wear. He said he could position them such that no one would even be able to tell they weren't real. They would always be on the edge of the shot, or facing away, or placed where they would be blurred into the background. I tried to think back to his posters on the wall how many mannequins I had seen. I couldn't recall seeing any. That meant he knew how to hide them in plain sight.

Anyway, back to the story. Just after the innocent young girl had withdrawn the funds needed for her purchase, but before she could even get back to her buggy, a bank robber arrived. That was my first role in the story. I was dressed in all black and wearing a mask. I got to hold what looked like a real pistol but was almost certainly only a prop.

In addition to robbing the bank, my nefarious plot involved robbing the patrons as well. I took the poor girl’s money then also took her and everyone else's clothes. Dave's camera clicked away as the young, scandalized settler was forced to remove her dress and hand it over to the mean robber.

The prairie girl was utterly humiliated to be stripped down to just her bonnet and boots in the middle of town. She tried pleading with the bank teller for help. But since she had just withdrawn her family’s money from the bank before getting it robbed, it was no longer protected by government insurance.

She stood inside the bank covering herself as best she could on the verge of tears. It was the beginning of the end of her innocence. When she realized no one was going to help her, she decided she had to get going, even without any clothes on.

With no money to buy feed, she could only return home. Still naked, but wearing her bravest face, she strode outside to her favorite horse, rode the buggy past the mercantile without stopping, and headed back home. But her tragedy did not end there.

As she approached her family homestead, she saw a terrible sight on the horizon. Smoke, black as night, was rising into the sky. She drove her buggy hard and arrived to find horror awaiting her on the farm. A freak prairie fire, driven hard by the strong winds of the Great Plains, had enveloped her family's land. The entire herd of cattle had been killed and the crops were destroyed. But even worse, her house had also burned to the ground with her parents and siblings inside.

Left orphaned and destitute, without even clothes on her back, the girl fell from her buggy and cried in the ashes of her homestead. I don't know how Dave managed to make that scene work. But when I had proposed it, he somehow knew exactly how to create something resembling ash piles with real looking tendrils of smoke coming from them. It’s like he was magic or something…

When her tears had run dry, the naked orphan stood up. Her body and face were streaked with ash which only partially distracted from her spectacular budding form. She had always been a good girl, obeying her elders and going to church on Sunday. But the tragedy of losing her parents so abruptly broke her. She cursed God and vowed to forge a different path.

As she walked through the charred husk of her former home, she came across her father's gun belt. It was too big to fit around her petite young waist, so she threw the leather belt over her shoulder like a bandolier. Mounting her horse and leaving the buggy behind, she struck out, not caring if she lived or died.

Time passed in my story and the next scene depicted sometime later with the girl living alone in the wilderness. For this, I had Lucy remove her braids and make a less civilized hairstyle. I wanted to show her gradually becoming wilder. As usual, she came up with the perfect thing. My sister really had a talent for doing hair! Her bonnet was long gone as were her boots, and she looked partially feral. Still naked, she subsisted off the land. She would trap rabbit and fish like her father had taught her. She would also scavenge for berries and wild edible plants.

She survived but was in no way thriving. I imagined a girl living like that would become very skinny. Lucy's fit body was able to pull off the hungry look. Dave arranged several great action shots including one of the naked girl with wild windswept hair holding some rabbit pelts and looking toward to the setting sun. She was standing tall and exhibiting her growing body nicely. Lucy, with her lean, muscular frame and the early signs of womanhood sprouting all over young body, made the perfect model for those photos.

It helped that she had lost her bikini lines that would have betrayed her as a modern girl. But I did feel her skin was a little too clean to pass for someone living off the land without any clothes. So, I went up and rubbed some dirt on her in a few places. It was my first chance to touch her newly shaved legs. I had to admit, as smooth as she had felt before, she was even smoother now, and I had to tear my hands away before I got carried away.

It was at this point in my story that the girl was to begin her life of crime. She started small, sneaking onto farms and stealing food from them just to have something to eat. She got very good and was soon stealing more than just the occasional carrot or potato. She took small tools from barns and even snuck into houses when no one was home and stole pots and pans. She had no need for the clothing, though. She had gotten used to wearing nothing and liked how it allowed her to move more stealthily.

In one series of photos, I played the role of a careless farm boy who had taken off his new fancy cowboy boots to cool his feet in a stream. The completely naked girl managed to sneak up right behind the oblivious boy and steal his boots along with his hat. The blatant, broad daylight act alerted farmers to a thief in their vicinity and they grew more alert. She was forced to move on to other targets after that.

Her first real outlaw-style stickup occurred quite by accident. A delivery wagon had taken a wrong turn and wandered into her territory. Since he was too far from town, the driver decided to make camp and finish the route in the morning. I got to play the role of the doomed driver.

Lucy, wearing nothing but a pair of cowboy boots, her father's gun belt - which now fit her because she had punched some more holes into it - and felt cowboy hat, caught the driver by surprise as he was making camp. He was initially stunned and confused by her feminine beauty and naked state. His distraction caused him to reach for his gun too late. Before he could get two shots off, the driver was dead, and Lucy was the new owner of an entire wagonload of valuable supplies.

She took the loot to her camp, which officially became her hideout. She had little use for most of the supplies. Her needs were mostly already met by the land. But she did value the guns and ammunition, including a long rifle, which allowed her to hunt larger game.

The company was not content to just give up their valuable wagon as a total loss, though. They sent another wagon down the same route as a decoy. Only this time, the cargo was two additional armed men.

But the girl, who had inherited her mother’s intelligence – not just her striking good looks, was too clever and saw right through their scheme. She set a trap of her own and when the inevitable shootout occurred, she was perfectly positioned with her rifle to take out one of the men. Then she pretended to run out of ammo and raised a white cloth in surrender. But there is no honor among thieves!

She removed her hat and boots and came out completely naked. The men let down their guard when a striking young beauty appeared around the rock with her arms raised. How could someone so chaste and innocent looking be deadly? Her beautiful bare body gleamed in the beams of light like an angel. Dave captured a close-up of her smiling to herself knowing they would be temporarily distracted by her naked charms. With their guard down, she suddenly dove into a roll and came up with her father's six-shooter which she had hidden in a nearby bush. She instantly killed one of the two remaining men and disarmed the other with her second shot.

The lone survivor was bleeding but alive. He surrendered and threw himself on this deadly naked angel's mercy. Dave got a great shot of Lucy standing triumphantly over her defeated foe. She stood in a heroic pose wearing nothing but her victorious smile. While the man begged for his life, she reached into their smoldering campfire and rubbed her cheeks with streaks of ash. She put them on herself as a kind of war paint, a painful reminder of her former life as an innocent farm girl. I had to play the part of the wounded man with a bloody stump for a hand.

Lucy let the man go to deliver a warning. The company was never to tread again onto her land. She would kill anyone who tried. The man almost died walking into town. He had lost a lot of blood but survived. Despite the girl’s warnings, the man went straight to the sheriff.

That's how the legend of the naked bandit began. Soon, wanted posters were printed and placed up around town offering a reward for Lucy's capture. Even though, in the old west, a wanted poster would either be made from a mug shot or an artist's rendering, Dave had Lucy pose for her poster. He said it was a common souvenir for vacationers, and he usually sold a lot of them, so he wanted it to be just right.

Dave took several shots of Lucy in different poses. But my favorite was a full body shot. She was standing facing away but turning partially to look back at the camera. She had her boots, belt, and a cowboy hat, but was otherwise naked. Her ripe bottom was framed perfectly by the holsters of her gun belt. She had one hip cocked to the side and her legs standing about shoulder width apart. If you looked closely, you could just see her two little pussy lips peeking out between her thigh gap.

She was turning back and pointing her pistol at the camera. Her cute little breasts stuck out in profile from that angle. Fearing her cowboy hat would mess up her carefully chosen hairstyle for that photo, she hung it on her back by the straps. Her blonde hair was done up in yet another style which looked positively sexy. She was wearing a mask made from black felt like one a burglar or robber would wear in classic cartoons and winking at the camera with one of her trademark mischievous Lucy grins. When I saw the previews on the monitor, it was perhaps the sexiest thing I had ever seen; enough to give anyone a cowboy fetish.

Having completed several sessions, everyone agreed it was time to take a break. Dave went to his computer to finalize and print the wanted posters so he could hang some around the fake town. Meanwhile, I ran over to the pizza place next door to get some dinner. Dave generously paid for the food. Stepping outside, I saw the ground was wet. It wasn't raining, but a shower must have come through while we were inside.

The sky was still ominous, and the storm threat looked far from over. But I wasn’t too concerned with the weather at that moment. I hustled back with the pizza, eager to get back to my old west fantasy world and finish the story of the naked bandit.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 18)

Lucy ate dinner in just her cowboy boots and belt. She made quite an attractive if unusual sight being a mostly naked cowgirl eating a modern slice of pepperoni pizza but wearing accessories from the old west. It gave me a good opportunity to gauge her arousal level. She had calmed down since the Ferris wheel. Maybe staying in character distracted her from thinking about having to go back out in public later. From what I could determine, her diamond factory looked to be under control for the moment.

I was a little surprised how comfortable and at ease she was acting around Cowboy Dave. She didn't seem overly concerned about standing around letting him see her naughty bits. He was sure getting his money's worth in this deal! She was such a natural in front of the camera. She took direction well and brought such an effortless charisma to every photo. Her lack of clothing certainly seemed less of a concern when she was in character.

Speaking of lack of clothing, I wondered how Dave was going to be able to use photos so prominently featuring a scandalously under-clothed young lady in his promotionals. But that was his problem to figure out. Perhaps he intended to employ a little creative editing. Who knows?

When dinner was over, it was time to get back to work on the final act. The next few scenes I had written depicted the settler girl's total descent into a life of crime. The naked bandit robbed carriages and stagecoaches. Then she started to target businesses and merchants in town. She was always naked but wore a mask to cover her face and hide her identity. When she robbed her first bank, she reenacted what had happened to her when she was younger. She made everyone inside strip naked and hand over their clothes, including their underwear. I had to play the role of an unlucky bank customer and strip naked for that shot. I handed over my clothes while carefully holding my junk for the photo. I didn't have to act embarrassed or nervous because I actually was. Lucy got a big kick out of that scene.

Unfortunately for the girl in the story, after the bank robbery, the townsfolk had had enough. They formed a posse and hired a professional to track her down and locate her hideout. By now she was wanted dead or alive and there was a substantial bounty on her head.

Her crime spree ended after another dramatic shootout in a box canyon where the girl was finally captured. For the next scene, Lucy was supposed to be bound in cuffs and escorted back into town. When Dave handed her a pair of period-accurate handcuffs, her eyes went wide.

It's kind of a long story, but Lucy actually has some experience playing the role of a girl who is bound against her will. The last time was for a school presentation where she played the part of a roman slave girl. She gave an entire presentation to her school's history club with her hands and feet bound in a most embarrassing way and her private parts on display for the lucky boys.

As she fingered Dave's heavy iron cuffs, she looked to be remembering the humiliating ordeal in front of her classmates. She tilted her legs together as a blush formed on her cheeks. Something about those cuffs awakened her factory once again. When she hesitated a little too long, I stepped up and helped her put them on before she could think about backing out. When I pulled her arms behind her, she shivered noticeably. And when the cuffs locked closed over her wrists with a ratcheting click, her eyes fluttered.

As a dangerous outlaw, her gun belt was confiscated when she was captured, and she was forced to march into town in only her boots. She was led behind a horse with a rope around her neck. Lucy’s blush grew as she was paraded down the middle of main street completely naked with her arms bound behind her back. She was only watched by lifeless mannequins, but something about the situation was getting to her. For the first time, she seemed bothered to have Dave's camera shutter clicking away capturing every humiliating step.

The girl was taken to the jail and handed over to the sheriff for safe keeping. I got to play the role of the sheriff with a gleaming star badge on my shirt. I got to confiscate her boots and mask and place her in a small cell with very real iron bars. Her handcuffs were removed, but since she could not be trusted, her hands were affixed to shackles hanging from the wall which forced her to remain standing.

Her legs were destined for a ball and chain to ensure she couldn't escape. When I bent over to attach her ankle shackles, I noticed her pussy lips gleaming with moisture. Her time in bondage was definitely affecting her down there.

After spending the night bound in jail, the utterly humiliated girl was delivered to the courtroom for the penultimate scene. She was placed in stocks for her short frontier trial. She was forced to remain bent over at the waist with her entire naked bottom mooning the angry crowd while the jury judged her to be guilty of all accused crimes.

In the final climactic scene, naked bandit was led out to the gallows to be publicly hanged. But the girl proved too smart to be captured and punished that easily. In a dramatic twist, she managed to create a distraction and escape on her trusty steed at the last minute. The naked bandit lived to ride again!

Cowboy Dave was more than satisfied with my story and Lucy's spectacular performance. He got our address and promised the deluxe package containing all the prints would be mailed to our house at a later date free of charge. He rolled up my favorite wanted poster of the naked bandit and put it in a cardboard tube for us to take with us as an immediate memento.

Lucy's euphoria at playing dress-up in the old west faded as the weight of the task ahead of her loomed. It was time to ride off into the sunset and her lost swimsuit was back in the forefront of her mind.

She peered nervously through the window at the street. The foot traffic had slowed to a trickle. Most shoppers had gone home or returned to their hotels already and only a few brave stragglers remained despite the continued threat of rain. That was little comfort to a girl expected to walk among them with no clothes on. I could tell she needed a pep talk. As I sidled up to her, my suspicions were confirmed.

"I just can't do it, Mikey," she said, "It's just too far. Maybe we can ask Mr. Dave to give me that dress I was wearing earlier. Just until we get back to the beach. Then I'll take it off, I promise...please?"

The fact that she was calmly discussing her predicament with me, brainstorming solutions, and not blubbering in panic, spoke louder than her words. If I insisted, she would figure out a way to get through. And she would do it without a dress.

I shook my head regretfully and replied, "You know I can't let you do that, Lucy. I already told you you're not getting any more clothes tonight. But I know you can do this. You're overthinking it."

Motioning out toward the street, I continued, "I understand from your perspective, the journey may feel like a never ending humiliation. But remember, for each person you meet, it will only be for a few seconds. And you will never even see that person again. Just keep telling yourself that and it will get easier with each step you take."

Sill not convinced; she hummed anxiously through a conflicted frown. With a stricter voice, I made my expectations for her clear.

"This is not a negotiation. You can do this, and you will. Or I can put those handcuffs and that rope back on you and drag you out there like the girl in the story. It's your choice."

Her eyes bulged. But when she didn't budge, I added to my threat. I walked over to the horse carriage display that was sitting in the lobby and retrieved the compact buggy whip. "I'm sure Mr. Dave won't mind letting me use this to keep you moving." Then I made a warning swing.

Lucy yipped in fear as the wicked whip cracked through the air. Despite her naked state, her fear of having her hands bound uselessly behind her back being driven along by a scary crop was great enough to send her scurrying outside into the night. Dave waived goodbye to me with a wink and I set out after her; leaving the whip behind but being sure to gather up both the wanted poster and my shaving kit.

I caught up to her walking with her hands clenched and her eyes downcast. She was whispering a mantra to herself with every step, "never again...never again," squeezing whatever comfort she could from the fact that she was never going to see these strangers again.

I trailed behind letting her walk where she wanted as long as we were making progress toward our destination. she kept to the shadows as much as possible and walked faster when passing through a lighted area. The same reaction repeated itself with every encounter. I lost count of how many jaws dropped as the gorgeous naked girl made her way down the avenue chanting to herself as she walked. The wind, which had earlier died down, returned with a vengeance as we reached the outskirts of the entertainment district. At least this time she didn't have to worry about holding her wrap closed against the gusts.

We passed over into Skipper's Bay which was practically deserted. The day fishermen had all docked and the night fishermen stayed away due to the approaching storm. After a while, I saw her hands unclench and she gave up seeking out dark places and walked straight.

We had been on our feet all day and our trek back facing into the strong wind took everything out of me. I was worn out and relieved by the time we reached the Royal Contessa and found mom's lounge spot. The umbrellas had all been packed away in anticipation of high winds overnight.

I was not surprised to find mom's chair unoccupied. She had likely been drinking too much and had once again wandered into Sharky's Revenge to party the night away. I was, however, surprised to find her bikini top lying in the sand beside the chair. It raised some titillating questions. Had mom spent the day on the Redneck Riviera beach sunbathing topless? More importantly, did that mean she was dancing topless at the bar right now? With a smirk, I kicked sand over her top to hide it and left it behind. If mom couldn't be bothered to bring it with her into the bar, why should I?

The bar was just as raucous tonight as ever, despite the threat of rain. I let Lucy cover her little boobies with her hands but forbid her from touching below her waist. Telling herself "never again" over and over, she followed behind me into the bar. I found mom the first place I looked; on the dance floor. She was really squeezing every last drop out of her last night of vacation. Although she had removed her bikini top, she still had her bottoms and still wore the wrap she had bought at Mermaid's Treasures. As strange as it sounds, she didn't look that out of place and wasn't the least dressed woman on the dance floor. But her massive, thinly veiled breasts certainly attracted their fair share of attention.

With mom and Lucy in tow, we exited the bar and started the tedious journey back to the rental hut. Mom spun and danced to a song that was only in her head as we walked. She frequently lost her balance and almost fell down. We all were struggling to stay upright from fatigue and the wind now coming in heavy gusts. Her excessive drinking had to be a large factor in her tipsiness, though.

Having left the beachfront area, our pilgrimage was not interrupted. At one point, after crossing the highway and entering the first neighborhood, she finally noticed her daughter wasn't wearing anything and asked about her nudity. She wanted to know what happened to the wrap she had bought Lucy. When Lucy would only say she had lost it, mom generously untied her own wrap intending to loan it to her naked daughter. Of course, just then a big wind gust came up.

The wrap was ripped from mom's grasp and dragged along the sidewalk. I laughed out loud as she tried to drunkenly chase after it, while also hilariously trying to keep her boobs covered for some reason. From previous experience, I knew how good those wraps were at riding on the wind. And before she could catch up to it, it was swept up and lifted high into the air like a kite. It hovered uncertainly in the swirling wind and looked for a moment like it was going to drop back down. But before it did, another gust pushed it to one side, and it got wrapped around a branch in the very top of a large tree.

When she saw we weren't going to be able to retrieve it, mom shrugged and went back to dancing. I started to think maybe she had been served something stronger than alcohol at the bar. I had never seen her so relaxed and carefree as to shrug off something as extreme as sudden toplessness. Normally, she would be freaking out and trying everything she could think of to get her wrap back. But instead, she just danced on down the road with her bared breasts swinging and jiggling freely.

 