Disgraced for being a bad coworker
by Cake 

My coworkers used to hate me so much. I worked at a fast food restaurant and I used to call out all the time because I hated the job which in turn pissed them off because then they'd have to do extra work. I decided to finally just quit and when I showed up to my last shift, no one wanted to talk to me, and they all seemed to be laughing behind my back. At the end of the night, we closed the store, and finished the last of the cleaning so we could sign off on the timesheet, and then leave. As I was signing the paper on the wall, one of my coworkers grabbed my pants and pulled them down to my ankles! Everyone started laughing hysterically while I reached down for my pants. I'm so clumsy that I managed to fall over while he kept pulling my pants off. I screamed as I lost my grip on them, and he pulled them until they were completely off my legs, and just stuck around my ankles because of my shoes. He said that this was my last shift, so I don't get to wear the uniform anymore, and everyone else agreed! He let go of my pants, and walked towards me as if to say he wasn't done yet. He grabbed my shirt and I screamed and tried to push him away, but my other coworkers started helping him. They held me in place and wrestled my shirt off me. Everyone gawked at my black bra, as they couldn't wait to humiliate me even more. My coworker then grabbed the front of my bra, and ripped it open. I screamed louder than before and tried to pull away from them but they kept me pinned to the floor. My boobs were completely exposed to them all and I was powerless to stop it. A few of my coworkers took turns groping my breasts and pinching my nipples all while I cried and begged for mercy. Instead one of them grabbed my panties and instantly tore them off me. I screamed as my pussy was exposed against my will, and they wasted no time spreading my legs for an even better view. The rest of my coworkers cheered and laughed as they watched me squirm. I wasn't sure when they got my pants off, but I noticed then that I just had my socks left. Besides my black ankle socks, I was totally naked. They pulled me by my hair up to my feet, not allowing me to cover up, and I noticed that they were also taking pictures of me! The last thing I wanted was pictures of this going viral. But what could I do? Just like when they took my clothes off, there was nothing I could do to stop them from doing whatever they wanted with my body. I was completely helpless and terrified. One of my coworkers was holding his phone in the air and snapped another picture of me. Then he took the camera and put it right in front of my face. I looked straight into the lens and screamed "No!" and tried to move the camera, but my coworkers wouldn't let me. He examined my whole body up close with his phone, capturing every detail of my body until they pushed me to the counter.

They bent me over, pinning my arms behind my back, and giving everyone a good look at my butt. I screamed and pleaded, but they ignored me and kept me pinned there. I felt their hands on my ass cheeks and they spread them apart so they could see everything better. They all laughed as they took pictures of my spread pussy, and then one of them slapped my ass. Another coworker came over and spanked me again, and made me cry. I tried to fight against them, but it was useless because they were all bigger than me. They kept slapping my ass harder and harder until I was crying, and begging for them to stop. But they didn't. Instead they laughed , and then they spanked me again. After a few extra hard slaps they finally ceased the spanking, but not until my butt was bright red. They showed me the before and after pictures of my butt and it was absolutely mortifying. They dragged me off the counters and onto my hands and knees. They made me crawl through the store as they all made fun of me. They told me how much they loved watching my ass bounce around, and they kept making comments about how I was going to be the butt of many jokes now. They told me that they would tell their friends and family, and everyone would know that I couldn't keep my clothes on. I crawled through the store as they forced me to go further and further, until we came upon the bathroom. They made me go inside the mens room, and it was disgusting to be on the floor in there. They brought me next to the urinal, and then lifted my leg up, and told me to pee like a dog. I was sobbing, begging them to stop, and trying to tell them that I couldn't pee because I was too embarrassed. They kept making fun of me and telling me to hurry up and pee like a bitch. I was humiliated beyond belief as they watched me squirm and cry. They were all yelling for me to go and I tried to force anything out. I couldn't believe it but I managed to pee in front of them, and I was shocked with how much came out. They were all laughing at me, and taking pictures of my dripping pussy. I have never felt so little in my life. They forced me back up to my feet and we went to the back of the restaurant. They grabbed my clothes off the floor and we kept moving until we were by the mop sink which was basically just a drain on the floor to dump the old mop water, and a hose with soapy water to fill it. They made me stand in it, pointed the hose at me, and then turned the water on. I shrieked from the cold water, but they were all enjoying the sight of my titties covered in soap. I was freezing, and I tried to block the water with my hand, but that just made them splash my face. Soon my whole body was soaked, including my hair, and my socks that were still on my feet. Finally they turned the water off, and I spit out any water that dripped into my mouth, and then rubbed the soap out of my eyes. I was shaking and shivering, and they all pointed and laughed at how utterly pathetic I had become. They dragged me out of the sink, my wet socks were loudly splashing water on the floor, so they made me take them off. I walked on my bare feet to the back door, where they dragged me outside. It was pretty late so I knew no one was around, especially behind the restaurant here, but my heart was still racing to be naked outside. I had no idea what they were gonna do to me and I was still freezing cold. We walked to the dumpster, and then they picked me up without any warning, and opened up the huge container. I screamed for them not to, but I knew what was gonna happen.

They threw me into the dumpster with the rest of the trash. I landed on bags of god knows what inside, and it smelled awful. They threw my clothes on top of me, and slammed the top shut. I was so exhausted from the humiliation, I didn't even care about the smell. I just cried silently inside the dumpster until I was sure they’d be gone. After a while, I crawled out of the dumpster, and tried to get dressed, but everything was torn to shreds. I just took my car key out of my pants pocket and booked it for my ride out of here. I ran butt naked, dripping wet, smelling like garbage, through the giant empty parking lot. I was sobbing uncontrollably, and as I ran past the front of the restaurant, I saw them all in the window, laughing and recording as they knew I was gonna be running by. I just tried to ignore it. It's not like they hadn't already seen everything anyways. I got to my car, and I just drove home in silence. I ran straight to the shower when I got home, thank god my parents didn't see me. I just stood under hot water for what seemed like hours until my skin was finally warm. When I got out of the shower, I checked my phone and I had tons of messages from people who had seen the videos of me being humiliated. I couldn't believe someone would think it's fair to present my private parts with the world, and I felt so violated. They said I deserved it just because they didn't like me, and that I was a bitch. One of the messages even said that they would love to fuck me in the ass, and another person wrote that they would pay money to feel my tits. I immediately deleted my social media accounts, and changed my phone number.
