ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 3

I decided to water the plants and bushes in the front yard. Anything to distract me from the reprehensible thoughts and ideas that had infiltrated my mind. Paul pulled into the driveway a short time later, which also helped to divert my attention. It was the Saturday after the "4th of July", a short six weeks after our wedding. At 3:15 pm in the mid-west, it is sunny and very hot, at least where we live. I could tell Paul had a little buzz going from the 19th hole at the country club, as he got out of his car. holding a grocery bag. I started feeling the guilt of my sexual depravity was written across my face.

I asked Paul how his golf game went, and what was in the bag, as I continued to water the plants. He replied, "I picked up some steaks, corn and beer. I figured we could grill them up and have Mike over for dinner". Mike was the seventy-year-old widower who lived next door. He was totally blind and has been for years. For someone who is elderly and blind, Mike does very well as he resides on his own. Paul and I would frequently check in on him and have him over from time to time. I kept hoping Paul wouldn't notice my overwhelming shame through my tell-tale eyes, as he revealed his plan for the evening. I replied, "That sound good honey, still watering the plants and shrubs. Paul walked up and kissed me, then went into the house with the groceries. It seemed the more I tried to conceal any outward signs of my shame, the more aroused I was becoming. I hated feeling this way! I hated it!

I wrapped up the garden hose and entered the house to find Paul had gone upstairs. I grabbed a wine glass and filled it to the rim. I drank most of it right down, leaving the normal level he would be used to seeing me with. I filled it again and drank that glass down as well. I took my partially filled wine glass and headed out to the back deck. Our deck was very large which included a jacuzzi, picnic table, some upright and lounge chairs, along with our grill. It was surrounded with a privacy fence even though none of our neighbors had a view of our back yard.

Just as I was starting to calm down a bit, Paul walked out onto the deck wearing nothing but his dark blue speedo (left over from his years on the college swim team) and sandals, with a towel draped around his neck. Paul had a set of regular boxer swim shorts he wore most of the time but would occasionally dig out his speedo. I was a bit embarrassed when he decided to wear it to the topless beaches on our honeymoon, even though he did have the body for it. There he was hanging out with all of those strangers wearing nothing but that tiny little thing, but I couldn't muster the courage to take my top off. The regret of my missed opportunity was starting to set in again.

I looked at him with an inquisitive expression, and asked in a concerned tone, "What are you doing wearing that?" He replied, "I thought I would use the jacuzzi a bit this afternoon. I have the temperature set low so we can use it to cool off if it gets too hot out here". "I thought you were going to invite Mike over for dinner", I said. "I did", he replied. "He'll be over in an hour. Are you going to put your bathing suit on?", he asked. I just rolled my eyes and headed back into the kitchen. I filled my wine glass to the rim once more, then headed up to our bedroom. The three large glasses of wine were starting to take effect as I looked at my reflection in the mirror. "Why not?' I thought to myself.

I removed my clothes, then chose my yellow bikini over my one-piece black bathing suit. I put on the bottoms then looked out the window, making sure Paul was still out on the deck. I made my way around our bedroom, imagining I was back at the Carribean topless beach, enjoying my wine among the many strangers. I was almost in a trance as I stared at my bare breasts and erect nipples in the mirror. "WHY DIDN'T I TAKE MY TOP OFF?" I thought to myself over and over again. Paul called up, snapping me out of the daze I was in. I quickly put on my top, as I called out, "What honey?' "Are you coming down soon?", he asked. "Be right there", I replied. I walked down the stairs and into the kitchen, where I added some more wine to my glass.

Allowing the wine to take away some of my inhibitions, I walked out onto the deck with my 110-pound body, scantily covered in the yellow material. Paul seemed please as he sat at the table drinking his beer. I on the other hand tried to appear nonchalant about the being so scarcely covered, knowing Mike would be here soon. After all, I had been on our deck before wearing a bathing suit. Just not this tiny little thing. I sat back in the lounge chair as the sun warmed up my bare skin. All of a sudden, the words just came out of my mouth. "Paul. Were you disappointed when I didn't take my top off at either of the two beaches we went too?" I don't know why I brought it up! What was I thinking?

Paul casually replied, "Jen. I wouldn't want you to do anything you're not comfortable with. I will say this, however. I would have enjoyed hanging around with you while you were topless in front of those at the beach. Especially at the outdoor bars". "Why the bars?", I asked, wondering why my mouth was asking these things, as though I had no control over it. "I don't want you to get mad", he said, holding back his answer. I assured him I wouldn't get upset. He gave me that "Are you sure" expression. I nodded in approval. He then spoke the words that seemed to describe my most inner desires. The same hidden fantasies that have recently surfaced. They must have been buried in my psyche.

"I think it's idea of seeing you wearing nothing but that tiny bikini bottom in such and intimate atmosphere. You know! Completely relaxed, drinking and socializing with all those strangers at the bar, as if you were completely dressed, but knowing only your perfect butt cheeks and sweet little pussy, are shielded from the stares of those around you. And barely. I might add. The thought of knowing all of those people had an unobstructed view of your adorable little breast and those fantastic nipples, well....it just turns me on, that's all". "But I mean it, Jen", he continued. "I wouldn't want you to have done anything you were not fully comfortable with, but I would have loved to have had that experience, if only once".

I had no idea how to respond to this newest of revelations from my husband. Especially since it seemed to mirror my own recently discovered sexual urges. Fortunately, it wasn't long until we heard Mike calling from the area between our homes. It was a welcome interruption. He had effortlessly made the journey several times and insisted we allow him to do it himself. He was very independent. "We're in the back, Mike", Paul called out. Mike made his way through our back yard and up onto the deck, where he took a seat at the picnic table. Paul gave him a beer and we sat around chatting for a while, as Paul prepared the steaks for the grill.

The two men started talking sports, leaving me to enjoy my reoccurring sexual fantasy. I made my way from the lounge chair to the picnic table, then into the kitchen and back out again, imagining I was topless. I felt so exposed wearing only my small bikini but wanted to feel even more so. Paul seemed right at home in his little speedo as he finished his beer, while asking Mike if he'd like another. Mike said, "Yes", so I immediately offered to take his empty and get him a fresh one. Standing in front of Mike, with my pussy at eye level to the sitting seventy-year-old man, even if he couldn't see me, was intoxicating. I could tell by his demeanor; my husband was enjoying himself immensely as well. I took Mike's empty beer can from him, then Paul's and headed back into the house.

I hadn't had a sip of wine since I asked Paul if he was disappointed that I didn't go topless in the Carribean. I didn't want to say or do anything that I would later have to blame on the alcohol. or worse, didn't remember. I was satisfied with allowing my fantasies to be my 'High" for the evening. The layout of our house kept the kitchen and deck out of the view of anyone around, unless they were trespassing in our back yard. I retrieved two beers from the fridge, placed them on the countertop and decided to throw caution to the wind. I removed my top, placed it on the counter, picked up the two beers and headed out onto the deck before I could change my mind.

My nipples were already at attention before I removed my top. Now I was standing topless out on our deck, as the warmth of the late afternoon sun was assisting in making them completely erect. I stood there practically naked, holding the two cold beers. as my husband could barely contain his approval. I handed Paul his beer, then held out Mike's for him to take. That was the way he preferred it. Immediately I started feeling bad that I was somehow using Mike's handicap for my own sensual pleasure. As had happened earlier, my mouth started saying things that my mind could not control. "Mike!" I blurted out. "Yes, Jennifer", he replied, in his usual fatherly tone, as he took his beer. "Right now, I am topless! I mean I am wearing nothing but my bikini bottoms! I don't know why I am telling you this, except I don't want you to think I would ever hide something from you because you're blind".

Paul and I were both stunned by my public declaration! I covered my breasts with my hands, as we awaited the response from the elderly gentleman from next door. "Oh, Jennifer dear. I certainly appreciate your honesty. I was young once. Don't tell me. You were sunbathing topless, then I arrived. Am I right?", he asked. Paul and I looked at each other in total shock, when I managed to utter the words, "Yes Mike. That's right", feeling quite relieved, as my hands fell from my bare breasts. "Well don't you concern yourself with me, you two", he added. "I wouldn't know or care if you were completely naked!", he said, with a chuckle. Paul looked at me, then down to my bikini bottoms, and shrugged his shoulders as if to say, "Why not take those off too?" I gave him a 'LOOK' that could only be interpreted as a definitive "NO!"

I leaned over and kissed Mike on his cheek, as I whispered in his ear, "Thanks for being so understanding, Mike". He downed the beer I had just handed him, held out the empty in my direction, then asked me for another. There's something you should know about Mike, before you get any preconceived notions about him. Mike is mentally and physically fit. He has all of the faculties of a man ten years his junior, and he's extremely virile. He just happens to be blind. That's all. I was so happy to prance around my husband on our deck while topless. especially since Mike now knew I was. I made my way back to the kitchen with Mike's empty beer can and got him another. I returned from the kitchen and gave Mike his beer, feeling at least some of the arousal that I must have missed out on by not going topless at the outdoor bars in the Carribean.

I continued to deprive myself of my wine since I was only wearing my small yellow bikini bottoms. That didn't stop the boys from having a few more before dinner. Both of them were buzzed, to say the least but having a great time. That was fine with me. I was practically naked in front of both my husband and the sweet older man from next door, and I was "LOVING IT!" We had dinner a bit later, but Paul and Mike seemed more focused on the beer than dinner. They did munch a bit, and that was fine with me. That'll mean we have a "Hangover Brunch" for my two sweet adult delinquents tomorrow.

It was getting close to early dusk when I finished cleaning up. Cleaning up after meals was something Paul and I usually did together, but today was different! I wanted to do it alone! I wanted the thrill of walking back and forth, in and out, and anywhere else that would allow me to continue enjoying the fact that I was practically naked. I loved being in front of Paul and Mike, with nothing but my bikini bottoms, as they continued to party on. "I LOVED IT!" The dishes were done, the food put away and I was watching Paul and Mike enjoying the evening together, through the window in the kitchen. Even if their companionship was fueled by alcohol, I decided an early Nite-cap was needed.

I poured 3 small glasses of cognac, took a deep breath, removed my bikini bottoms and placed them on the counter with my bikini top. I then walked out on the deck, totally naked, holding a tray of drinks. It wasn't long until I was noticed, but it wasn't by my husband. Mike turned in my direction and said, "Jenifer! You've brought us drinks and you've taken your bikini bottoms off!" "PAUL!", I shouted. "You told Mike I was naked?" Paul obviously had no idea what I was talking about based on his expression, when Mike continued, "Jenifer! Honey! I knew you brought us drinks because of the sound of the glasses on the metal tray is instantly recognizable. I also knew you removed your bikini bottoms because I no longer heard the sound of the fabric rubbing together when you walk. You see. When you lose one of your senses, the others become more enhanced. Paul never said a word".

Standing there totally naked in front of Mike, still holding the now rattling tray of drink glasses, as he seemed to know my every move in advance, was nothing short of intimidating. I was feeling so vulnerable as I stood in front of this fully clothed, seventy-year-old blind man, yet my sexual arousal was approaching unknown heights. Mike said, "I don't think I need anything more to drink, Jen. Why don't you have mine. It looks like you could use it. I looked to Paul with this, "What do I do now?" expression on my face. He walked over and took the drink tray from me and placed it on the table. Paul then started to sip his drink, as I grabbed a glass and downed it instantly.

I picked up the remaining glass of cognac, while still standing in front of Mike. I felt unusually relaxed considering I was completely naked yet aroused at the same time. I can see what Caroll meant when she said many of the girls choose to be the subjects of her exhibitions mostly for the thrills. I walked around the deck imagining there were about a dozen or so clothed men and women on our deck. I was casually socializing among those imaginary guests in attendance, seemingly oblivious to the fact that I was the only one naked. I could see how this sensation could be addicting.

Mike said he was calling it a night. I offered to walk with him to his house, since he had quite a few beers, His reply would surprise both Paul (who was now in the jacuzzi) and I. "Sure Jenifer", he said. "Will you be staying naked for the walk next door?" Before I could respond, he continued, "I think it'd be great fun taking part in such a daring naked excursion. Just imagine the thrill of it!" I stuttered, as I said, "I don't think that's such a good idea Mike. What if some of our neighbors see me?' He replied, "That's the fun of it! Where's your sense of adventure?", he asked.

Paul called out from the jacuzzi, and added, "Go on Jen. Nobody will see you". Mike then said, "Jenifer. If we run into anyone, we'll just tell them you were using your jacuzzi in the privacy of your own back yard, and I asked if you would see me home. They would realize I wasn't able to see you naked and not think a thing about it". He stood up and walked to the two steps of the deck leading to the back yard, with the confidence of someone who could see. "Well, Jenifer", he said, as he held out his hand. "Will you walk a blind old man home?" The exuberance of my little naked escapade was now turning to anxiety.

Paul nodded in approval as I took Mike's hand, then walked down the two steps to the grass. The evening dew had now covered the lawn and had become a grim reminder of my total exposure, as the wet grass tickled the bottoms of my bare feet. Mike held my hand and started walking toward his house, allowing me no chance to change my mind. I was wishing I had turned off the rear spotlight that was illuminating our back yard, as we continued on our way. He broke the awkward silence, and asked, "Well, Jenifer. How do you feel?" I simply replied, "I can't believe I'm doing this, Mike. I would die of embarrassment if anyone caught me out here like this". Mike just chuckled as we approached his house.

As we arrived at Mike's house, only his front exterior lights were on. Thankfully there were no lights on the side off the house where we were standing. I was telling Mike how I was going wait here while making sure he got into his house safely, when suddenly, the side spotlight lit up the area we were standing. I covered up my tits and pussy in shame using my hands, as I heard a voice coming from the shadows of Mike's back yard. "There you are Dad. I've been looking for you". It was Mike's daughter Sue. I tried to stand behind Mike as she walked up to us. "Dad! What are you doing out here, and why is Jenifer naked?' She then turned to me and asked in a stern voice. "Well, Jen! Why are you naked?" I could only respond by muttering, "Oh. Hi Sue", feeling more humiliated than at any time of my entire life.

I was still covering my tits and pussy with my hands, as my head hung low in utter shame, trying to come up with some reasonable answer, when Mike blurted out, "Susan! Stop the inquisition! Paul and Jenifer were nice enough to have me over for dinner and a few beers. They were using their jacuzzi when I asked Jenifer to walk me home. If they were naked while in the jacuzzi, what difference would that make to me?" He then said, "Thanks for having me over and seeing me home, Jenifer. Tell Paul 'Thank You' for me too. Now go home and rejoin your husband in that miniature pool of yours, and don't let this bother you one bit". I backed away, as Susan continued glaring at me. Once a few feet away, I turned and ran for home.


