Flashing

I live in San Antonio, Texas and the weather is warm most of the year and I wear skirts most of the time anyway. 
It started out one day while I was at a local mall and I noticed a man watching me as I was going up the esqulator and it looked like her was trying to see under my sundress. Later that night I told my husband about it and he said I should have let him see more. Several days later, The store called to tell me my special order was in and I decided to wear a short black skirt and a white top along with my black heels just to see if any more men would notice. 
Before the day was over I had teased a number of men and found the experence to be fun and sexy and it make me feel sexy. In the following weeks I begain to get more daring and was now leaving my knickers off and showing my naked bottom to anyone who had pants on. I would tell my husband about it and he would make love to me as I shared my experences with him. 
One morning, I was so horny I decided to go do some teasing at the Rolling Oaks Mall and I put on a short flared grey skirt and a white top and a nice pair of heels and headed for the mall. 
 
I was looking in the store windows reflection to see if any men were watching when I noticed a man dressed in a suit and tie standing behind me watching and when I headed for the esqulator to go up to the next floor he was following me. I let him see up my skirt and acted like I didnt know what was going on and he followed me for some time before he came up and started to talk to me. 
His name was Tom and He lived close by and was single, 39 and told me I had made his day and that he came to the mall just to kill time. He asked if I would help him pick out a gift for his moms b/d and the more we talked, The better I liked him. He did not try to touch me or disrespect me in anyway. As we were pasting Sears, Tom asked my opinion on drapes for his house and I told him I would have to see his room to give my opinion. He invited me to his house and after I looked around to see what color drapes would look best he ask me if I would like a glass of wine. 
I sit on the couch and Tom set across from me and after I was at ease, He was looking from my knees to my face and back to my knees. I got the message and opened my legs just a little and after the next glass of wine a little more and Tom moved over and sit next to me and put his arm around my neck and kissed me full on my lips. 
Before I knew what was happing, My legs were open and Toms fingers were busy and my top was unbuttoned and my breast were out as Tom layed me back on his couch and when I opened my eyes, Tom had removed his pants and his long, thick penis was poking out from his belly and aimed between my legs. I felt him enter me and I climaxed at once and he went from slow at first to fast and hard as I locked my legs around his back. Tom asked me if he was the first man to fuck me when I flashed my pussy at men and I told him he was the secound man ever to do me. Sex went on for the next three hours until I was exhaused and sore. I saw Tom ever week or two for the next year and one day he took me to Austin to a mall and he watched from a distance as I teased men and it really seemed to turn him on knowing I was showing them. 
My husband had no idea how far my flashing had gone and when he told me he was going out of town for a week, Tom asked me to go with him to Houston for two days. 
Tom always liked it when I wore the same grey skirt and top he met me in and after his meeting the first night, Tom took me to the Galleria Mall dressed in the grey skirt and white top. I was happy to tease as Tom followed us and watched. 
I noticed a tall older black man following me and Tom was behind him giving me the signal to tease the man. For Tom I would do anything and I teased the man as he followed me around the mall. after a while, I turned to see Tom and the black man talking. Later, After we returned to our room and went in bed having sex, tom was telling me how much he loved seeing me tease the black guy and that he wished he could watch me fuck him as he watched. In the heat off passion I told Tom I would do it if he wanted to see me do it all that much. 
Tom asked if I was serious and I told him yes. Tom got up and made a phone call and no sooner than he got back in bed there was a knock on the door. I watched as Tom and Alex the black man from the mall walked back in the room and Alex was already pulling off his clothes as we neared the bed. Tom got his wish and as Alex was doing me, He was telling Tom how much he liked looking up my skirt and that he was hoping he would get lucky with me. 
Tom moved away the next year and I contuined to flash and still do today. And,,Yes Sometimes I do more than just flash.


