Surprise Vacation
by N1ckDan9er

Surprise Vacation Ch. 01

Couple on vacation, wife learns to let her Naughty side out.

"Hello?"

"Hi there, sweety; I have a surprise for you."

"What is it"?

"Well, it's a surprise, and if I tell you, it wouldn't be a surprise, would it."

"You know; it drives me crazy until I know what it is."

"I sure do, so I will send you some clues."

"I hate you, Ha Ha."

"Ya, I know; see you later."

"You know, I won't be able to work now."

"I will send the first clue in a few. By."

What kind of surprise could Tim have, I thought? OK, Kim, get back to work. I told myself. I tried to concentrate on work, but Tim's surprise kept seeping back into my head.

Buzz, I looked at my phone, and there was a picture of a car. Where getting a new car? I thought, no, we would make that decision together. But what could it mean? I put the phone down and went back to work.

I little while later. Buzz, I looked at the phone, and now there was a picture of a gas station. OK, we must be going somewhere, but where? Next came, there was a picture of an airport. We must be going to fly. Next came a picture of snow with a red X across it. Well, I guess we aren't going to someplace with snow, I thought to myself. The rest of the day went on like that, a picture of a calendar with ten days circled. A picture of 2 small suitcases. A picture of a sunny day, and finally a picture of a seashell.

Great, that still does not tell me where we are going, only that we will be flying to a sunny place that has seashells. I was done with work, so I headed home. Tim was not home yet, so I texted him when would he be home?

Buzz, I have to pick up something, I will be late. I text back; I can't wait to find out what my surprise is.

Tim text back, you haven't figured it out yet?

I sent him a text, No.

Text back, "Good! See you soon." There were no more texts.

I sat on the couch, thinking of where we might be going. The suspense was getting to me. Just then, Tim walked in with a bouquet of flowers, a bottle of wine, and a shopping bag.

"Oh, are those flowers for me?"

"No, they are for my other wife! Of course, there for you."

"I love it when you bring me flowers. Wine too, what's the occasion?"

"No occasion, I just thought you might like some flowers."

"What's in the bag?"

"Something for you, You'll find out, but just not today." Tim then took the bag upstairs.

As I was putting the flowers in a vase, Tim walked in. I walked over, wrapped my arms around him, and gave him a big kiss.

"I love you."

"I love you too."

"Now, what is the surprise?"

"I'm not sure if I want to tell you yet; I don't think you have suffered enough."

"Come on. Please tell me."

"OK, another clue, you won't need a lot of clothes."

"Will I need my bathing suit?"

"Only if you don't want to go naked."

"OK, we are going to a Caribbean island, right?"

"Yes, but that's all I'm going to tell you, the rest you have to wait and see."

I could not believe it. I was so happy that Tim planned a trip. With my arms still around him, I looked up and gave him a very passionate kiss. I moved my hands down to his rear and gave it a big squeeze. He slid his hands down to the bottom of my dress. His left hand raised the hem to my waist, and then the right slid under my panties. Without hesitation, he had two fingers between my legs and was caressing my love button. He was so quick I didn't have time to object, nor did I want to. We hadn't had much sexual contact in the past month, with work, family visiting, entertaining friends and family. We just didn't have time for ourselves. I moved my legs further apart to allow him better access. He continued to slide his fingers up and down my outer labia lips, causing me to be become extremely wet.

"Oh, that feels good."

Tim then pushed two fingers deep into my womanhood. Then he used his thumb to rub my clitoris,

"Ya, that's it."

"Hold on. Stop just a minute!" I broke away from our embrace; Tim looked at me puzzled. Looking straight into his eyes, not breaking contact, I stepped back against the counter. Still looking into his eyes, I gave him a little striptease by slowly unbuttoning my blouse, letting it drape open so he can see my black lace bra. Very seductively, I lowering one shoulder so the fabric could slide off my shoulder, then the other. The blouse then floated to the floor, I turn so my back was to him. I reached behind my back, unclasp the sheer black bra, letting the straps fall off my shoulders. I then turned back around, facing Tim, holding the cups of the bra one in each hand. I release my grasp of one of the cups, then the other. The bra slid down to the ground, still holding my breast in each hand, not exposing them. I gently squeezed them," Mmmmm, that feels good." I moved my hands lower, cupping my breast, fingers around the underside, and thumb above my nipples. Pushing my breast out toward Tim." Would you like a lick?" As he moved closer, I pull back, resending my offer." In the same tease way, Tim worked earlier. "I don't think so. Maybe you will just have to wait and see". I laughed.

"That was cruel."

"I know, but I couldn't resist. Now, where was I". Turning my back to him, I reached down, undid the clasp to my dress; shaking my hips, the dress slipped off and fell to the ground. Next, I hooked my panties around both thumbs. I pushed them to my knees, bending at the waist. They fell to the floor, still bent over. I stepped out of them and spread my legs wide. I look between my legs to see Tim staring at my shaved pussy. Tim saw me looking at him. With a wicked grin, I put my left hand on the counter to keep myself steady, reached between my legs with my right hand; then I rubbed the outer portion of my labia, slowly letting one finger disappear between my moist lips, then the second. Moving my fingers in a circular motion, I slowly spread them a part, exposing the inner lips. I could feel a cool breeze across my moist inner lips; In a naughty moment, I pushed one finger, then two deep into my pussy, "Ou, that nice. I look to see Tim had removed his pants and was stroking his hard member. Then I stood up, turn to Tim, brought my fingers to my mouth, and began to suck on them. After I made sure I had cleaned all my juices off my fingers, I asked Tim.

"Did you like your show"?

"You know I did."

Tim removed the rest of his clothes. We were both standing there naked, in our kitchen with the lights on. If anyone happened by, they could have easily seen us.

But I couldn't have cared less. I was horny and needed to be satisfied. Tim moved closer, put his hands on my waist, gave me a deep kiss. I looked into his eyes, I saw what I wanted, what I needed, lust. Without warning, he tightened his hold on my hips and almost threw me up and on the counter. As quick as a panther, he pushed apart my legs, got down on his knees, and had his head between my legs, licking my labia. Sliding his tongue deep inside, he moved his right hand up and was probing my vaginal opening, replacing his tongue with fingers. I felt him push one finger deep inside me when another, his thumb, found my clitoris.

"Oh, ya, that's it, right there," He was doing all the right things. I grabbed his head and pulled it tight between my legs as an orgasm hit me. "Oooouuuu, Oh, My. That was good." Tim did not stop; his tung kept working my wet pussy. I usually become very sensitive and need to recover a few moments, But Tim would not give me that chance. I felt another finger pushing deep in me. "Oh." Then Tim started to lick my anus. He has never done that before; I have never let him. But he had taken control of my body, and I was not going to stop him, nor did I want to. I felt another orgasm. "Oh, Uhhh, mmmm, I, am, Having." Just then, he shoved a finger in my ass. The orgasm hit me. "OH, My, God, Oh, My, God. My body took charge of my mind; I clamped my legs together, not allowing Tim to stop licking me. My head was thrashing back and forth; my eyes rolled back into my head. Finally, my body released its hold and came down from the orgasm.

There I was, laid out on the counter, legs wide, my swollen pussy spread open. Tim stood up with his hard ridged dick in hand pointed at my pussy. Before I had a chance to say anything, he had his dick, balls deep, pounding me. I couldn't believe it, I had already had 3 orgasms, but my body wanted more, "That's it, give it to me, Harder, Harder." We were deep in lust and were not going to stop till our needs were met. Tim must have kept thrusting for 15 minutes until he pulled out and shot his load over my pussy and stomach, then we collapse.

The following day as I laid in bed, I thought of how my body had betrayed me; I have never allowed Tim to do any anal play because I have always been scared it would be painful, things happen so fast, I didn't have time to think about it. I had been scared for nothing and regretted the lost pleasures I would have had if not for my fear.

For the next 2 weeks, I tried to find out more about where we were going. But Tim would not budge. "Honey, I need to know what to pack. Can you tell me more about where we were going?" "don't worry about it; I will do the packing for the both of us." I know, but maybe there are some special things I would like to bring."

"I got it, don't worry."

I finally gave in and let him do the whole thing.

The night before the trip, I gave it one last go, "Sweety, Do I need to pack a toothbrush?" "sure, you can pack one" Sweety do I need to pack an evening gown?" "If you need one, I have packed it for you." "OK, I will not ask anymore; just tell me when we get there."

The next morning the flight was an early one; we left the house at 4:00 AM. We finally arrived at the airport terminal, checked in, and found a seat in the waiting area. I must have been a little more tired than I thought because the next thing I knew was Tim rubbing my arm." Kim, it's time to board the plane." "Oh, did I dose off?" "Yes, we better get in line."

We collected our carry-on bags, headed towards the gate, gave the attendance our passes, and then down the gangplank to the airplane. The flight wasn't too crowded, so we found our seats quickly. We settled in for the two-and-a-half-hour flight.

Tim looked over at me and said, "I hope you like this; I did look around to find something that we would both like." "I'm sure it'll be fine; I love that you planned it."

"I've got a little surprise for you, and I'll show it to you when we get to the hotel."

"Another surprise!"

Just then, the stewardess started doing their usual routine of explaining how to evacuate and where the life jackets were. As they explained the safety precautions, I rested my head on Tim's shoulder and dozed off.

Tim looked over at me, smiled, "I love you," he said, "I love you too."

The next thing I knew, Tim is nudging me, "Kim, we are coming in for the landing; look out the window; there is the island."

We grabbed our bags and headed out.

"How are we getting to the hotel?"

"The hotel is sending a taxi to pick us up; there it is."

I looked over to see an older man holding up a sign with our last name on it. We walked up to him," Ola." Tim said.

"Ola, senor Mason?"

"Si'."

"Did you have a good flight?" the driver asked.

"Very nice, thank you, about; how far is the Hotel?"

"About 20 minutes." "That's great."

We got in the car headed off. The drive through the mountains was beautiful; the Scenery was lush and tropical. We pulled up to a quaint little open-air hotel.

"Tim, this is beautiful; how did you find this?"

"I looked hard and wide on the internet."

The driver took our luggage out of the trunk and set it on the curb. Just as the receptionist walked up with 2 tropical drinks, handing them to Tim and myself.

"Buenos Dias Senor Tim and senora Kim, my name is Miranda; I hope you had a pleasant flight."

"It was very nice," I said, looking at Tim with a smile. We proceeded to check in. When completing the hotel check-in, Miranda gave us directions to our bungalow.

We open the door; "oh, my, god, Tim, I can't believe this view." We looked out over the sparsely inhabited beach from our private sun deck, the turquoise blue water of the Lagoon beyond.

"Tim, it's still early; why don't we get changed and go to the beach. I want to swim in the water."

"That sounds like a great idea. I can't wait to get my toes in that warm sand."

"Which bag is mine?"

"That one." He pointed. I looked in the bag for a bathing suit. "Tim, did you bring my suits?" "I got you some new ones." As I pulled out three suits, "You mean these." "Yes, those are the ones." I held up the first one; a yellow one-piece; it was hard to make out how the suit worked, but it looked cute," I set it down and picked up the second one, it was a white one-piece, the material was very sheer, it rode high on the hips and barely covered my derriere. "Tim, this bathing suit looks like if it gets wet, it could become transparent." "That's the idea. Remember you said we're going to be a little more daring." The third suit was a turquoise two-piece; on the label said, Wicked Weasel. The top had strings to two tiny triangles that barely covered my areolas, then tied in the back. The bottom had less material than the top, a patch of fabric that did little to hide the vaginal area with two strings tied in the back.

"OK, I'm going to try out the yellow suit just for you because I know you like it."

"I appreciate it; thank you, I love you, babe." I went into the bathroom to put it on. It took a little time to figure out, finally getting it on. I looked at myself in the mirror. The material started at the shoulder, traveled across my breasts, then crisscross under my breast, creating a very deep V that showed of my cleavage. The sides were open, exposing the side of my breasts. The straps continued high over my hips, then meeting together again haft way down the cleft of my butt. It didn't cover much; both my cheeks were hanging out. It continued over my crotch, barely covering it, then up the front, separating just above the top of my labia, to finally meet back at the shoulders. I looked at myself in the mirror and realized that some of my pubic hairs were poking out from the bathing suit.

"I need to fix this, Tim; I'm going to be a few minutes; why don't you go get a couple of cocktails, towels, and I'll meet you down at the beach."

"Take all the time you need." I peeled off the bathing suit, run some hot water in the sink, a razor, and lathered myself. I started shaving my pubic hair so as not to poke out from the suit; then I had a devilish little thought, I might as well just shave it all off since we're going to be daring. I finished shaving, looked in the mirror. "Kim, You look hot and sexy. My hand moved down to my slick, smooth mound, then slowly slid one finger along my slit. Then sliding it deeper in and began to rub my clit with my thumb. "Mmmm, that's nice," I felt wet and definitely aroused. "Stop; I can't do this right now. I need to get out to Tim." I put the bathing suit back on, looked at myself in the mirror, and was pleased with the way I looked, with a wicked grin.

"Why not, one last thing," I said to myself. Then i pulled the suit up tight around my mound, creating a camel toe. "I don't think I'm even going to wear a wrap," I grabbed the key to the room and headed off to the beach. When I got to the lobby, I felt a little apprehensive about walking through, but what the hell, I thought. I got stares from many of the men and some women. The women's looks were mixed. Some had a look, of how dare you to wear that in front of my husband, don't you have no shame. The other women secretly wished they could do what I was doing. But I defiantly felt good that I could turn heads.

I got to the beach, looked around and saw Tim. He was sitting in a chair under an umbrella not too far away with a cocktail. As I was walking toward him, he looked over and saw me, "I was starting to worry about you. Now seeing that suit on you, I know I should have been worried. You look so hot and sexy.

"You didn't have to worry, but you'll be happy; why it took so long." With that, I pulled the crotch aside for just a brief second. "Wait a minute, that was too fast; I didn't see anything." So I did it again; this time I pulled it aside with one hand, and with the other, I slid a finger between my labia lips, put the material back, then put my finger it in my mouth and licked it. "was that long for you? Did you get a good look? "Wow, that is sexy; you are beautiful; I love you so much, Kim."

"I love you too. I did it for both of us; it makes me feel really sexy." I sat down next to Tim just as the Cabana Boy walked over with two drinks. "Ola," he said as he handed us our glasses. As I took my glass, I could see him looking down at the gap between my breasts. His eyes continued down, then stopped as he got to the camel toe. I was thrilled to know that this young man, about 32, was looking at me, an older woman. It made me feel powerful.

The weather was just right, the beach was perfect, and the water was crystal clear. I thought to myself; nothing could be better, sitting on this beach with my husband.

The first drink went down so quick; I needed another; I looked around for the Cabana boy to order one. He saw me and was by my side in an instant. Not taking his eyes off of me. "Yes, mam, would you like another drink?" "Yes, please," Tim said. He left for the bar. Being a slight bit buzzed from the first drink. I thought I'd give him more to see. I spread my legs to provide him a better view of my camel toed pussy. He handed Tim his drink. When he came back with the drinks Then he turned to me; He stood there, just looking down between my legs. "Do you like my suit?" He finally looked up and saw me smiling straight at him. Embarrassed, he handed me my drink then walked off.

"I think he likes your bathing suit."

"I believe he does."

"Maybe you should let him see more next time. "

"I might just do that."

We sat there for a while, looking at the water, and other people. Many people would walk past us as they walked along the beach. Some of the men and even a few women stared as they passed. A couple even stopped and acted like they were looking for seashells, trying to steal a glance between my legs. The more they stared, The sexier I felt; I even opened my legs further, allowing a better view.

I was becoming very aroused, having so many people looking at me sexually. I couldn't help it, but my legs seemed to have a mind of their own, spreading themselves apart. I felt my juices starting to flow and seep from my pussy.

"I'm hot and going to take a dip. Do you want to join me?" Tim said as he got up.

"I'm hot also, in more ways than one." "You sure are," Tim said as he reached down to help me up. Not letting go of my hand, we walked to the water.

When we got in the water, Tim turned to me and gave me a deep passionate kiss.

"This is a great vacation; He said."

I'm so glad that you planned it."

"We just got here; there is more to come." We waded in till the water just covered my breast. I turned to Tim, put my hands on his shoulders; with a little jump, I wrapped my legs around his waist and gave him a great big kiss. Tim pulled me tight; I felt the bulge in his suit.

"Is that what I think it is."

"You bet it is." I leaned forward and, in a soft voice, whispered in Tim's ear, "I am so turned on, I need you to take care of my pussy."

"Your wish is my command." I hopped off and stood. Tim didn't waste any time; he slipped his hand down, pulled the crotch away, and inserted two fingers as deep as they could go into my wet pussy. "Oh, My, God, that feels so good. "He then began rubbing my clit with his thumb.

His other hand was under the top of the suit, squeezing one of my breasts as he pinched the nipple. "Mmmmmm, Oh, Tim, we need to be careful; someone might see us."



"We're on vacation, nobody here knows us, we can be as wild as we want, and nobody will know for the better." I thought to myself, he's right; it's time to go off and let the wild side out. Tim still had his fingers playing with my clit and breast; I whispered in his ears, "if you don't stop that, you're going to have to finish me off."

"Sounds good to me," Tim said.

I then felt something at the entrance of my pussy. I reach down to felt Tim's cock. He must have slid down his suit without me noticing. I look straight into Tim's eyes, jumped up and lowered myself on his cock, wrapped my legs around his waist, and began to slide up and down on his hard rod. I was so aroused, after only a few strokes, I came.

I could see the disappointment in his eyes for not allowing him the same pleasure. "We are just getting started; we don't want to rush the journey," I said. I gave him another kiss; in a teasing voice, I said, "But I'm still hot. We will finish this later". Then I broke apart, walked to our chairs, and sat down. The Cabana Boy came over, looked down at me, and stutter, "Mam, a, can I, do you need, want another drink. His eyes were utterly transfixed on my crotch. I was puzzled why he was looking at my crotch, so I look down. When Tim was fingering me, he pulled the suit aside, and I never pulled it back. My pussy was completely exposed, instead of being embarrassed and covering it. I just looked up at the Cabana Boy and smiled,

"do you like what you see?"

"Mam, it's so beautiful." He then went to get the drinks. Tim looked over and saw the suit pulled aside and looking at my bare pussy.

"Looks like you're letting the naughty side out a little bit."

"If you think this is being naughty, you haven't seen anything yet." I left the suit the way it was but closed my legs a little. Anybody that looked hard enough could see the bathing suit pulled aside and my beautiful shaved pussy. The Cabana Boy came back with our drinks, "these are on me." I looked up, smile, and said, "thank you very much," then opened my legs wide enough so he had a clear view. "No, thank you." Then I reach down, slid a finger between my pussy lips, brought it to my mouth, and licked it. "Mam, I have to get back to work, or I may lose my job, but if you need anything, you let me know, and I will be here in an instant. I'll be back to check on you very soon."

"Thank you very much; what's your name?"

"José."

"Jose, thank you very much; we'll see you later."

All the while, Tim was just watching the Cabana Boy and me. I looked over at him. "I'm in heat and need to get some relief. You need to fuck me soon, or I will take matters into my own hands and use BOB."I said.

"You don't have to say it twice." and headed to our room. As we walked past the bar, I waved to Jose the Cabana Boy; he waved back. After we passed through the lobby and rounded the corner, I stopped, looked over to Tim. "A little bit more of the naughty side of me is going to escape." He looked at me puzzled, and in one quick move, I removed my suit, tossed it to Tim. I was now completely naked except for my flip-flops; I then continued down the path to our bungalow. Tim walked behind me, all the while just watching me. When I got to the room, Tim started acting like he couldn't find the key in the bag; I knew he was doing it deliberately to postpone get in the room, and leaving a chance for anybody to see me. Standing naked on the path outside our door was a big turn-on for me; I never considered myself an exhibitionist, but the thought of someone seeing me was getting me excited and horny. I was completely turned on. As Tim looked for the key, I thought back earlier how I showed the Cabana Boy my bald pussy. I felt the wetness between my legs and looked down to see a trickle running down my inner thighs. Looking around, I saw the same couple from the beach walking towards us, I knew that they could see me, but I just stood there waiting for Tim.

He finally opened the door; I rushed in, turned around and gave Tim a passionate kiss, drop to my knees, pulled down his suit.

His dick sprung out at me, almost poking me in the eye. I looked up at him, smiled and said, I told you I would make it up to you, then started to lick around his balls, along his shaft working my way up to his head, slowly sliding the head into my mouth a couple of inches. Tim let out a low moan, indicating his approval. I did a few more short strokes; then I grabbed his ass, pulling my head forward, sliding his cock down my throat till my nose touched his pubic hair. Tim had always wanted me to do this, but I was reluctant, worrying about gagging. This time I had a few drinks, was relaxed, and was full of lust. I wanted to give Tim what he really wanted. I continued this for what seemed ever, loving the feeling of control and power. Tim was entirely under my control; I would let his orgasm build, then let it back down a bit, then back up. I did this10 or 12 times. I could tell that his cock was building up and about ready to explode, a few more strokes. "Oh, Babe, I'm going to blow a big one." I pulled forward again, pushing his cock deeper down my throat. I wanted him to cum in my mouth and down my throat. The first blast went straight to my belly; I pull back to catch my breath just in time to catch the second blast in my mouth. The third blast landed on my tits. I got up, gave Tim a big passionate kiss so he could taste his own cum.

"I love you so much," Tim said.

I looked at him, "I love you too; I hope you enjoyed it, and to be honest, I enjoyed it too; I can't believe all these years I have been scared of gagging. Tim stepped back and collapsed on the bed.

"Kim, that was incredible."

"So you liked it?

"Like, is not even close."

"Good, now it's your turn," I have my own needs to be satisfied. I climbed up on the bed, straddled his face, and lowered my sopping pussy over his mouth.

"Eat me now." Tim began by slowly sliding his tongue along my outer lips, teasing me. Then ever so slowly, working his tongue a little deeper with each pass until he was deep in my vagina and lapping up my flowing juices. As he worked on my pussy, I started to squeeze one of my breasts with one hand, slowly working toward my nipple. I then began to rolling it between my fingers and squeezing it hard. With the other hand, I rubbed my clit. I thought this is heaven, my tits being played with, my clit being rubbed, and my pussy getting eaten. What could make this better?

With a kinky thought. I remembered back a few weeks ago when Tim had slid a finger in my ass and the pleasure it had given me.

I moved my hand from my tit to my butt; I slowly circled the outer part of my anus with the tip of my finger. Then I reached over to the bed stand for some lube, squeezing a generous amount into my hand; I then applied it between my ass cheeks. I then return the finger to the place of my desire. A low moan escaped from my lips as the finger slid in a little. I pulled it out, then slid it in up to the second knuckle. That felt so good; I wanted more, so I pulled it almost all the way out, then slid it deeper. Then I began to move it around; as I did, I felt my anus loosening up. I wanted, even more, I pulled the finger out, to only add a second one. I was close to cumming but just couldn't get there. I got off Tim and grabbed a vibrator out of my bag.

Return to the bed, got on my hands and knees, ass high. "Tim, I need you to eat my pussy some more." "What are you planning with that?" "I am sure you will enjoy seeing." I then squeezed lube on the vibrator, turn it on, and shoved it deep in my ass. "Oh, My, God, Tim, Eat, Me, Now." Tim quite got back between my legs and started licking my engorged clit; I reached down with my free hand to spread my swollen pussy lips, so he could lick deeper. He was eating my pussy like a little boy licking a lollipop. This drove me crazy; I was in heat, with all the sexual tension from earlier today, Tim eating my pussy like a mad man, and a buzzing vibrator deep in my ass sent me over the top. The first orgasm hit me like a ton of rocks; my pussy began spasming. Then I started cumming and squirting all over Tim's face; he just kept eating me. The vibrator started to slide out of my ass till Tim grabbed it and started to fuck my ass with it. Then the next orgasm hit me so hard; my legs were like jello, I fell over on my side. I was cumming and squirting for what seemed an hour. Tim was still using the vibrator on my ass; he was not going to let me come down from my orgasm. "Tim, pleeeaaase, stoooop, I, cannnn't takkkke, anyyyyy, moooorrrree." The next thing I remember was waking up in each other's arms.


Surprise Vacation Ch. 02

Wife continues to let the Naughty Side Out.

I woke up; it was dark outside; I could barely make out anything. I looked over to Tim; he was looking at me; he had a great big smile on his face.

"Wow, did I blackout?"

"You sure did; I have never seen you cum so hard."

"I have never cum like that before; my legs still feel weak."

"I bet."

"What time is it?"

"7:30, are you hungry?"

"Yes, let's get something to eat." I got up, walked over to my bag, looking for something to wear. I pulled out two dresses along with a couple of blouses and skirts. The 1st dress was a lite blue summer dress with a very low-cut front and an open back. The 2nd dress was an elegant black gown. The skirts were short, along with the blouses.

"What have you decided to wear?" Tim asked.

"It's not fancy enough for the gown, and I'm not in the mood for skirts, so the summer dress."

"Sounds good to me." I held up the lite blue dress to the light and realized that the material was very sheer. I looked in the bag for a pair of panties only to find Tim had just packed thongs.

"Tim, didn't you pack any panties for me?"

"No, I didn't pack any bras ether."

"Why not?"

"Cuz, we are on vacation."

So I picked out a white sheer lace thong, put it on, and went into the bathroom to fix my hair and make-up. When I was finished, I put the dress on; the front had a very deep V that went all the way to my belly button, the open back went to my waist, and the hem was mid-thigh.

I looked at myself in the mirror, "Tim, you can make out the brown part of my breasts through the material and my white thong."

"Well, there's not much we can do about seeing your breast, but you can take off the thong, so it's not visible. The restaurant will be dark, and we are on vacation. Besides, you will be the hottest looking woman there."

"Ya, your right! We are on vacation." Still looking in the mirror, I pulled up the dress and pulled off the thong. I have always loved the feeling of going commando.

Tim walked over, looked at me in the mirror, and said, "Boy, you are getting hotter looking every year," then hugged me, grab my butt, and squeezed.

I jumped a little, "I'm hungry, so none of that for now."

As we walked to the restaurant, a slight breeze kept lifting the bottom of my dress. I tried to keep it down but eventually gave up. As an older couple walked towards us, just as they were about to pass, a gust of wind lifted my dress. Feeling naughty, I did nothing to conceal myself. Both the husband and wife looked straight at my smooth mount and my puffy labia. They were still swollen from the sex we had earlier. After they passed us, I glanced back. They had stopped and turned around. In an instant, I turned around and pulled up my dress to give them a better view. The wife's mouth fell open in disbelief, the husband started to walk towards me, but his wife grabbed his arm and pulled him back. Tim looked back for a second,

"Letting the wild side out again, Kim?" I gave him a smile.

The little hotel restaurant wasn't large, with about 18 tables. The hostess told us it would be about 45 -50-minute wait, and we could sit at the bar if we would like. We sat at the bar next to another couple. They looked familiar. Finally, I recognized them from the beach and on the path outside our door. On the beach, they had stopped in front of me and acted like they were looking for a seashell. All the while looking between my legs.

While waiting for our drink, the woman turned, asked me, "Are you enjoying your stay?"

"Yes, we are."

"My name is Kerry, and this is my husband, Herb."

"I am Kim, and this is Tim," They were about our age. Herb was about the same height as Tim, 5' 10" but a little heavier and slightly graying hair, well-dressed, nice-looking fellow. Kerry looked like she took care of herself, not athletic, but still in shape with C size breast. She was wearing a white silk blouse and a simple loose skirt; the hem was just above the knee. I could make out that she was wearing a bra, but I was confused that her nipples were clearly visible through her blouse.

We started some small talk, where are you are from, what you do, how many children do you have, and stuff like that. I rotated my chair to talk to Kerry more comfortably, now facing away from the bar toward Kerry and Herb.

My naughty side began to slip out. My legs opened wider, causing the dress to ride up, Kerry didn't notice, but Herb sure did. He stared straight between my legs, and at my bald pussy. Being so exposed and letting him look up my legs turned me on. I felt a stirring between my legs, and I knew I was getting wet.

Kerry looked at Herb to see what had his attention. She saw my legs open, my exposed pussy; then looked up at me. I was not sure if she would be upset with me for exposing myself to her husband. Kerry gave me a smiled, leaned over, whispered in my ear, "You have a beautiful pussy; by the looks of how swollen your lips are, I bet Tim has been working you hard."

I whispered back, "He sure has. You're OK with your husband looking at me?"

"Kim, I wish I had the courage to be like you."

Just then, the hosts came over to let Kerry and Herb know their table was ready and told us it would be another 15 minutes.

"If you would like, you can join us at our table? There is more that I would like to talk to you about." Kerry said.

"We don't want to inconvenience you."

"No, no, we would love to have you join us."

As I got up and leaned over, my dress fell open, giving a clear view of my breasts. "Oh, Parden Me"

Don't worry about it." Herb said.

I then turned and followed the hosts to the table.

I sat down, Kerry across from me, Herb next to me, and Tim next to Kerry, kitty-corner from me. The waiter walked up and asked us if we need our drinks refreshed. When he got to me, he kept looking down the front of my dress. So I adjusted myself to give him a better look down the front of the dress, and my exposed breast. He looked up to see me smiling at him, his face turn red, then left. Kerry looked at me with a knowing smile at what I just did.

"I need to go to the ladies' room. Would you care to join me, Kim?"

"Sure." Once inside the bathroom.

Kerry looked at me, "Can I ask you a question? Do you feel comfortable wearing a dress like that in public and that bathing suit this afternoon? But mostly walking naked in public."

"You saw that? I'm not usually like this; I promised my husband to be more daring. He wanted me to be riskier this vacation. I am starting to like it and may continue it when we get back home. I love the attention I'm getting, plus it makes me feel empowered, and the effect over men, also it excites me, arouses me, and gets me so horny. The sex Tim and I have been having, Oh My God, has never been better. I'm bet Herb would love to see you exposing yourself."

"I admire you, being free enough to wear that dress. Herb has wanted me to be more open and showing myself. I have been concerned and scared, but you have given me the confidence to go ahead and try it."

Kerry took off her blouse; underneath was a white shelf bra. It was the type that gave support but left the upper part of her breast exposed. "I hate wearing this thing; it confines and pinches me." She undid the clasp and took off the bra, standing in front of me naked from the waist up. She began to massage her breasts and roll her hard nipples between her forefingers and thumbs, "That feels good." Pinching them hard, "Ouch, that was harder than I intended."

She put her blouse back on but only buttoned it haft way up. Her nipples were prominent and pushing the silk material out. "What the hell? If I'm going to do this, I might as well go all the way." Kerry reached under her skirt, pulled her panties down to expose her neatly trimmed blond pussy. She pulled a finger across her pubic mound, "Mum." She then slid her finger between her lips, "Mum, That's good." She let go of the dress, falling back in place. She put the bra and panties in her pocket. She looked in the mirror, reached up, cupped her breast through the blouse, and gave them one last squeeze. "OK, Herb better be prepared for this."

We returned to the table, sat down; Herb looked over at his wife smiled as he noticed the change. Kerry took a big breath, looked at Herb, undid 2 more buttons. The silk blouse clung to her breasts until she turned to Tim. Her left breast slipped out and was exposed. I could see she was fighting the urge to cover up herself. She looked over to me. I gave her a big smile to show my support. She seemed to relax and felt at ease.

The waiter returned with our drinks; he walked around the table to give each of us the drink. He was standing next to Kerry as he handed the glass to her. From his position, he had a clear view down her blouse. He just stared down at her nipples; they looked to be getting bigger. Kerry seemed uncomfortable but also aroused, looking around, avoiding his stare. She saw me signaling her to look back at him. Finally, she got up the courage and looked at him. She saw the desire in his eyes; that was all it took; Kerry became at ease, even a little bolder, by moving to allow the blouse to open more.

He stood there stealing glances down her blouse as we placed our dinner order. He finished taking the order but seemed to be reluctant to go, still looking at Kerry. Kerry loved the attention she was getting from his stares and was sorry to see him head off to the kitchen.

We all sat there drinking and talking, then Kerry looked at me, gave me a wicked grin, then undid all but the bottom buttons of her blouse. It fell open to expose the rest of her breasts. The look on Herb's face was priceless, one of amazement and lust. When the waiter returned and saw Kerry, he almost dropped his drink tray. He told us the order was misplaced, apologized for the food taking so long, and offered us a round of complimentary drinks. I was a little buzzed and could tell Kerry was feeling no pain and was completely at ease.

I felt something brush against my leg; not thinking much about it, I just figured someone was moving their foot and accidentally bumping me. A few minutes later I felt it again, this time it stayed there against my cafe. I thought it was Tim playing footsie; the foot started its way slowly up my leg to my knee, continuing to the inner side of my thigh. It moved further up my leg. I spread my legs to allow Tim better access to my crotch. I looked over at Tim; he was coy, acting like nothing was going on. The foot worked its way to my pussy.

I felt his big toe rubbing me; I was wet with all the night's activities. As he continued to rub me, my juices began to leak out. I look over at him again; he was still acting coy, talking to Herb. By now, his toe was cover with my juices. He slipped down, then up to my engorged clit, then he repeated the motion, teasing me, bringing me to the edge of an orgasm.

The food came, but Tim didn't stop. As I was eating my stake, he brought me to the brink of cuming. In a low voice, "Oh, my."

The rubbing stop."Is there everything OK?" Tim said. Is everything OK? I thought to myself, you bastard, you know what is wrong. I need to cum, and you're not going to let me.

"Are you alright?" Kerry asked with a smile.

Fighting back my orgasms, "Yes, This stake is so good." Theorgasm eased down but still was close. We finished dinner when.

Tim said, "I have to, go to the men's room," and got up and left.

Puzzled, I thought to myself, if Tim just left, then who's foot is between my legs? I looked under the table cloth only to see Kerry's foot; I looked at her; she smiled. Then pushed her toe as deep as she could and began to wiggle it. I had an orgasm right then. We never broke eye contact. She smiled at me till the orgasm finally subsided. Then pulled her foot back and said: "I have to go to the ladies' room, Kim. Would you join me?"

Still dazed, "I, um, ya, sure." And got up and followed her.

In the ladies' room. "That was so wild; I can't believe I just did that."

"I thought it was Tim. If I knew it was you, I would not have let you."

"I am sorry, I thought you enjoyed it?"

"I did, but I shouldn't. I love Tim. I'm so confused right now." Kerry looked into the mirror, turned towards me, quickly grabbing my head with both of her hands, kissed me. She slipped her tongue down my throat, moving her hand up my dress, trying to get her fingers inside of me.

Stunned, I pushed her away, looked her straight in the eye. "I've never had sex with another woman.

Kerry interrupted, "Neither have I, but I have thought about it and want to try it with you."

Still stunned, "I'm not sure; why don't we go back and finish dinner, and we'll see."

As we sat down.

Tim looked over at Kerry; she had the biggest grin, "Kerry, you look like you're having a good time."

"I am; I'm sitting in this restaurant with my breast exposed, hornier than I have been in years, and if Herb doesn't fuck me soon, I will find someone that will. Also, I just fucked your wife's pussy to an orgasm with my big toe, as you 2 sat next to us."

The table went silent. "You all look like a dear in headlights."

Tim looked at Kerry, then me, then Herb, "how did we miss that, Herb." Herb, with his mouth still open, finally gathered his composure, looked at me in disbelief.

I looked back at him and just nodded. "I guess we better finish this food and get out of here so I can take care of my wife's lust before she finds someone else."

We paid up, headed towards the beach; the moonlight shimmered off the water, illuminating the beach and everything on it. Kerry walked ahead; she stopped, turned around. There was a gentle breeze coming off the water; Kerry let the wind push the silk blouse down her arms. Just before it slipped off, she grasped the material with her fingertips. Holding it high in the air, then letting go, the silk material floated away. In the moonlight, I could make out, her reaching behind herself and undid the clasp of her skirt. It fell to her knees, getting hung up. She pulled her legs together to allow the garment to complete it journey. With the moon high above us, we saw her firm breasts and their hard erect nipples poking out.

Still, in her wedge sandals, she stepped out of the skirt, spreading her legs wide, picked up the discarded clothing, and then throwing them at Herb.

"Take care of these; I won't be needing them anymore tonight. I'm I the only one going to get naked? How about you, Kim?"

"What the hell." I pushed the shoulder straps down; as the thin material slid over my stiff nipples, I felt a shiver of pleasure race thru my body, starting at my nipples and continued through my core till it reached my clit, "Ah."

I walked over to Tim; his shirt was open, and his dress shorts were around his ankles. He had his semi-hard dick in his hand. I leaned over; with his free hand, he cupped my ass. I whisper in his ear, "The naughty is taking over." I dropped to my knees, reached out, grabbed his hardening cock, put it in my mouth, and gave it a couple of quick sucks.

Then got up, ran over to Kerry. She reached out, put her arm around my waist pulling me tight, and kissed me. It was my turn to take control. I slid my tongue down her throat, reached up, and squeezed her breast. I pushed her backward into a lounge chair. She grabbed her ankles, pulled them up tight to her side. She was completely exposed, naked, legs propped wide open, one hand squeezing a tit and the other feverishly working her pussy. In the moonlight, her wetness glimmered. I stood over her, soaking in her naked beauty. Looking up, she said." What have you planned for me."

I straddled the chair, leaned down, looked her straight in the eyes. "Here, this is for you." Looking straight into her eyes, I pushed 2 fingers deep into her pussy. She was so wet they went up to the third knuckle.

"Oh, Fuck, Is, That all?"

" Not on your life!" I curled my fingers up, Pushed them in and out a dozen times, causing her juices to cover my hand. Pulling them out, I moved them to her mouth. "Sucked on them," I commanded. She opened her lips, and I pushed them deep in her mouth. "That's enough," I said.

I returned my hand to her pussy; this time, I pushed 4 fingers deep into her. "Yeah, I, need more."

I looked over to Tim and Herb; both had their dicks in their hands and stroking away. "Herb, what do you say?"

"Give the horny slut what she wants."

Looking back down at Kerry, my fingers still inside of her. With lust in her eyes, "Ya, do It, give it to me." I pulled my fingers to the entrance of her cunt, brought all my fingers together. Kerry realized I was going to push my hand in her; she looked up with uncertainty and lust. She grabbed my hand to stop me, then gave me an unsure nod of approval. I pushed my hand up to the knuckle. "Oh, Ya" That's It; give me everything." With that, I shoved my hand deep into her hot pussy, all the way to my wrist. "OHHHHH, ,,,MMMYY, MMUUUUU,,,AUUUUU."

"How's that?" She only made incoherent sounds, but I did hear.

"More." I looked over at Herb; he was standing next to me.

"Well?"

"Give it to her!" So I started to fuck her with my hand, sliding it out, to the middle of my fingers, then back in, each time deeper, till I had my hand deep in her pussy, haft way up my arm.

I knew Kerry was close to cumming. The muscles of her pussy started to contracting around my hand. She grabbed my hand and pulled it deep as it could go. I thought my hand was deep in her uterus. She began to her orgasm. "OHHHH, MYYY, OHHHH, FUCKKKK, I, AMMMM, CUMMIING," Kerry screamed.

I pulled my hand out just as she squirted loads of cum. She covered her legs and the lounge chair. The smell of her sex was strong in the air.

I looked over to Tim. "Don't you dare cum; I need to be fucked!" I bent over, placing my hands on the chair next to Kerry's lifeless body. Tim got on his knees in an instant and had his mouth sucking on my swollen clit. "That's it; suck it." Tim reached up with one of his hands, slid 2 fingers in my sopping pussy; using his thumb, he rubbed my clit. "Oh, Yah, that's, the, spot." I was in heat, looking over at Herb; he looked so pathetic, stroking away with no place to put his cock.

Kerry was still out of it, so I reached over and grabbed his cock and began stroking it. Kerry began to move; she looked at Herb, pulled my hand away, put his cock in her mouth. She gobbled his cock down her throat like a pro. Her free hand began to massage his balls.

"Tim, I need to be fucked, right now." Tim got behind me and slid the head of his cock between my pussy lips. "Tim, I said fuc," before I could finish another word, he shoved his cock far up my wet pussy. "Oh, That's, It," Tim fucked me slow at first, then quickened his pace till he was pounding me. I wanted as much of his cock as I could get; I bucked back against his thrust. I could hear the slapping sound our bodies were making every time he thrust.

I looked over to see Herb pumping his cock in and out of Kerry's mount as he face fucked her hard. He was grunting as he pushed his cock, balls deep down her throat. Kerry had 2 fingers up his ass, which was probably the reason for his assault on her mouth. She had 4 fingers deep in her pussy, I could make out the sounds a sloppy pussy makes when it's got something going in and out of it.

I was sure this had to be a sight, 4 middle-aged people fucking like animals in the moonlight.

So consumed with lust, I didn't notice a couple that had been watching until the woman walked up and stood in front of me. Staring into my eyes, she unbuttoned the front of her floral dress, letting it fall open. Under the dress, she wore a red lace push-up bra and matching Brazilian cut panties. She bent over, placing her hands on the chair. Behind her was a naked man; he lifted her dress high on her back, bent down, pulling her panties down to her ankles, exposing her pussy. He pushed his face deep into the crevice of her round ass to lick her wet pussy. "Ou, Suck it, baby; you know how I like it." He stood up, I could see right between her legs as she reached back to guide the man's large cock into her waiting pussy.

Tim was pounding away at my pussy as we watched everyone else fucking.

I heard some incoherent sounds, looked around to see Kerry and Herb. Both looked as they were about to cum; Herb had a hand behind Kerry's head, forcing his cock deep in her throat; Kerry had her hand up to her wrist inside herself. Herb pulled his cock out, then slammed it back, letting out a low grown as he did. He did this 3 more times; on the final time, he pulled out and spudded his cum on Kerry's face. She didn't look like she even knew it. She was in the mitts of her own orgasm.

I looked over to the other couple. They both had a glazed look on their faces. He was thrusting so hard; he was almost lifting the woman off the ground. She looked up; her eyes were rolled back into her head, mouth partly open with no noises coming out. His thrust became so hard; he was pushing her forward a couple of feet with each thrust. Then pulling her back on his cock, she screamed out something as she came. She fell forward; he grunted and began to cum, shooting loads over her back and butt.

"Tim, finish me." Tim thrust harder and deeper than before cumming as he did. I felt his cum shooting deep in my Virginia; I began to cum myself.

We all collapse onto the sand. After a few minutes, the other couple got up, said thank you, and left. Kerry and Herb got up and collected their clothes. Kerry came over and gave me a big hug, "Thank you, Kim, this is what Herb and I needed; our sex life has not been very good, and tomorrow I am going out to buy some new clothes and a new bathing suit." Herb and Kerry then walked off, naked and carrying their clothes.

"Well, Tim, I think that was a great first day of our vacation, but it's time to get some sleep, unless you want to stay out here and look at the stars?"

"That sounds good, but if we do, we'll probably end up having sex again."

"That doesn't sound that bad either."

