For Charity
By Neykid

just a quick story I did 

I could and I couldn’t believe I was doing this but I have flashed at bars and mardi gras. My office was raising money for charity, one that was close to my heart. It was for breast cancer and some of my coworkers and my boss were willing to give a lot and to find sponsors for me to either go topless or fully nude for a day. More money would be given if I went fully nude. I spent the night before debating with myself wither to go through with it topless or other wise. I thought of what I would have to do at the office. I could stomach in the office but I would have to go on the factory floor and check quality of the product. That would mean exposing myself to 100 workers. That inner fight was making me really nervous. Who came up with this idea? Well it was me. Silly me I had to open my mouth and make the suggestion and to my surprise they were all up for the idea. So I couldn’t back down and disappoint anyone. So I got myself ready and actually shaved my pubic area clean so I was bare. As I looked at myself in the mirror I decided what to wear to the office. It came to mind since Iam going to be naked all day I might as well go naked or nearly. I decided on a long coat and some nice pumps. As I was driving to the office the top of my coat opened up and I decided to just let it go. I was getting all worked up the closer I got the office. I pulled into my parking spot and took a couple of deep breaths. As I got out of the car my coat opened up more and exposed my breast. There was no one around to see them but it got the butterflies going in my stomach. I opened the door to the office and out came a big cheer. Everyone in the office had big smiles and were cheering me on. It eased my nerves a little but something came over me and I went with it and just took my coat off and hung it on the rack. Another big cheer from everyone because I was just in my pumps. I couldn’t believe it myself buck naked at work but something inside me enjoyed the feeling. They had coffee and donuts and a whole spread of finger food just like a little office party. I walked over and got myself a coffee and began chatting with my coworkers. They couldn’t believe I had the courage to go through with it but were glad I did.

Then I walked into my boss’s office and talked to him with him having the biggest grin on his face I have ever seen. I was really flattered everyone was enjoying what I was going on even my boss. I was gaining more and more confidents. My boss said that it would be business as usual and that meetings with some clients and business lunches would still be part of the day. My heart sank after hearing that but in for penny in for a pound. The rest of the morning went smooth even going out on to the factory floor. I began to enjoy the feeling of being the only one naked. Checking the product quality I had few of the workers circled around me. I guess they were getting a kick out of me being naked as well as me. I got a call to come to the boss’s office and when I stepped in I saw one of my clients sitting at the table. My heart skipped a beat but I took a deep breath went over a shook his hand. My boss explained it was charity was the reason I was naked. My client seemed really happy to see me and didn’t mind at all and offered to give some money to the charity. Then my boss said that we are going out for lunch. I complained that I couldn’t go the way I was dressed but he said he had it all arranged. So there I was sitting in the back seat of the car naked as a jaybird with my boss and a client going to lunch. When we arrived at the restaurant he told me to wait in the car and will be back in a minute. He came back and waved to me to come in the restaurant. I got out of the car and proceeded to the front door. This was more than I thought was going to happen today but I went in anyway and got greeted by the waiter. He motioned for me to be seated. I followed him to where we were going to be sitting and as I walked I looked at all the staff and some costumers staring at me. It was an uneasy felling because at the office it was fine everyone knew I was going to be naked but here someone could easily call the cops and get me in trouble. My boss noticed my apprehension and said that everything was taken care of. After that I relaxed some what but my nerves were still on high alert. The lunch went over well with my client and boss joking with me about staying naked all the time. I fluffed that off thinking they were just joking and couldn’t be serious. It turned out I got new business from him after that business lunch which made my boss and I happy. The trip back to the office the jokes were still flying and me teasing them about taking them up on the offer. I got out of the car and went in the office like it was normal. We signed some contracts and then the client was on his way. Then my boss came up to me and said we weren’t joking about me being naked all the time. I chuckled at the thought and went back to my office to finish off some paper work. At the end of the day my boss came in and told me how much we raised for the charity. It was a lot more than I thought it was going to be which brought a smile to my face. 

Being naked did a lot of good today, new business and lots of money raised. I was the last out of the office because everyone wanted to talk to me. I didn’t even bother to put on my coat and drove home naked. As I pulled in my driveway I saw my neighbour cutting his front lawn. I just got out of my car and waved to him and watched as his jaw dropped to the ground. I chuckled to myself again and went straight to take a shower and ended up getting myself off thinking of all things that happened during the day. 

The next morning I woke up thinking that it was all a dream. I got to the office and walked straight in and met my boss and he had his big grin on his face again. I had come to work in just my pumps no coat nothing what so ever to the joy of everyone.

