Sigma Halloween Party
by allmightyisis2005©


My best friend Janice is a real book worm. We met during freshman orientation at 
Florida State and ended up living in the same dormitory. She has a body like the 
goddess of love and beauty with a perfect hour glass shape, you know the one 
that starts at the sides of her breasts and curves in at her waist then curves 
back out a few inches to those wide hips. Her breasts and her ass was my 
favorite. Her breasts were big enough for me to take a nice handful and have 
some left over to play with, and her ass curved out from her back into a near 
perfect semicircle. I often fantasized about rubbing my hands all over her body. 
Unfortunately I've done no such thing. 

Janice is too studious to dress sexy and be nice eye candy for me. She dressed 
simple and plain most of the time, jeans and a t-shirt with a sweater if it was 
cold, and she always wore her long black hair in a ponytail. She spent the bulk 
of her time studying in her room or in the library. I almost only got to see her 
at meals when we'd get breakfast and/or dinner together and discuss our lives. I 
soon learned that she had a habit of listening to a hypnosis recording "Get two 
hours of rest in fifteen minutes" whenever she got tired during the all-nighters 
she pulled to finish her work for her biochemistry/pre-med major. When I learned 
this, I started to form a plan in my head to get her. 

My plan started to come together when some of the brothers in Sigma Upsilon Zeta 
(Sigma) invited me to their Halloween party and told me I should bring some 
friends (Friends meaning girls) and that they were considering to pledge me into 
the fraternity. I immediately thought of Janice. 

"Hey Janice, do you wanna go to the Sigma Halloween party with me next Friday?" 
I asked. 

"I don't know Mark; I have a couple exams that week. "

"Oh come on the party is after your exams so it's the perfect time to celebrate 
and de-stress from all the hard studying you've been doing. It'll be fun, we can 
dress up and get all sexy and hot and dance the night away. " I begged her with 
my pleading puppy eyes; the look was probably funnier than it was cute. 

"Okay, if I can get all my work done, I'll go party with you. "

"Great, yes, so what are you going to dress up as?"

"Hmmm I don't know. It'll be a surprise. " She said smiling with her glistening 
white teeth. 

Part one of the plans was done, now all I needed was for her to be exhausted 
Friday after taking three exams that week. Friday rolled around and she found me 
at lunch in the dining hall. 

"Hey, I don't think I can come tonight. I've been pulling all-nighters all week 
for my exams and I'm just exhausted. "

"Janice you owe this too yourself. Tell you what, how bout you listen to your 
hypnosis track a couple times maybe enough to give you 6 to 8 hours of sleep and 
I'll come bring you some hot chocolate and we'll see how you are feeling then. 
If you aren't up to it then we'll catch the next party. What do you say?"

I could tell Janice was tempted by the offer and loved how compromising I was. 

"Okay that sounds good" she said. 

Knowing my limits on the subject, I asked her how her tests went. She felt like 
she had done well on all of her exams. She should if she pulled four 
all-nighters to prepare for them. When she finished her lunch, she hugged me 
goodbye and thanks; I could feel those breast pushing against my chest even 
through her sweater, and she walked out the door to listen to her hypnosis 
track. About 15 minutes later, I left the table and got her hot chocolate with 
marshmallows and walked up to her room. She left the door open and there she was sitting in her chair with her head back and her arms hanging at her side. The 
track had just begun to play for the second time and she was already in a 
trance. Once the track had finished putting her into a trance, I turned the 
sound down so I could add my own version of the hypnosis into her head. 

"You've been working really hard lately it is time to let your wild side out. 
You deserve to have some fun and relax. You want to dress sexily and go to a 
party with a friend you trust. You'll feel refreshed and renewed. You'll dance 
with anyone who asks. You'll enjoy when people put their hands on your body and 
when they caress your sweet curves. You will think that any suggestion that I or 
any of the Sigma brothers make is a great idea and will want to comply. You will 
have the time of your life at the Sigma Halloween party tonight. " 

I slid my hand down her shoulder to her left breast and gently cupped it over 
her purple sweater. I knew that my time was up and I turned the volume back up 
just in time for the audio hypnotist to bring the listener out of the trance. I 
reluctantly took my hand off her breast and she soon opened her eyes. 

"Hey I got your hot cocoa with marshmallows for you. "

She turned towards me and took the mug from my hands. "Marshmallows, you really went all out for this. Thank you. I feel so much better now. I am so excited 
about the party tonight, I deserve to have fun and relax because I've worked 
really hard so far. " 

"I absolutely agree with you. Anyways I'm gonna go shower and get ready. I'll 
meet you down here at 9 and we can go to the party and let our wild sides out. "

"Sounds great, I'll see you at 9. "

I went upstairs to my room still feeling the softness of her breast in my hand 
and smiling about the great night I had planned. I showered and groomed myself 
like the mac daddy pimp I was (at least for Halloween). At 9 o'clock I knocked 
on Janice's door in my lime green pimp suit complete with the hat and the pimp 
stick. Janice opened the door and my mouth dropped open. She was dressed as Jane (Tarzan's woman). She was wearing a leopard print halter top that showed her 
beautiful cleavage and it came down only about two inches below her breasts. Her 
stomach was bare and deserved to be with her abdominal muscles lightly chiseled 
in her skin. She was also wearing a leopard print skirt with a huge slit that 
came up to the top of her right thigh. The sight of her honey skin barely 
covered by her costume could give the blind their sight back. Her long black 
hair dangled at her shoulders finally free from the usual pony tail. 

"Are you just going to stare at me or are we going to party tonight?" She asked 
me. 

I closed my mouth. "You look amazing, yeah, let's go. " 

She started to grab a jacket before she came through the door. 

"You should leave the jacket here; you don't want it to get lost at the frat house. "

"You have a point but its a little cold outside. "

I opened up my long pimp coat, "I'll keep you warm" I said inviting her in the coat with me. 

When we got to the house, one of the brothers greeted me at the door. 

"Yo Mark, glad you could make it. Love the pimp costume. " He said then turned to 
Janice, "And who is this beautiful wild woman?"

"This is my friend Janice, Janice this is Ian" 

"Nice to meet you Ian" she said smiling. 

"Oh, the pleasure is all mine Jane, anyways you two go on in and enjoy the party. "

We went inside and immediately went to the center of the dance floor. She 
immediately started grinding against me. I grabbed and rubbed the curve of her 
waist to the rhythm of the music. After a couple songs I slid my hand over her 
halter top and I began to cup her breast while we swayed to the music. I was 
enjoying caressing her body when I looked up and saw the Sigma president  approaching. 

"Hey Mark, I'm Jeff a couple of the brothers wanna talk to you for a moment over 
there. " The President said as he turned his head towards a few of the brothers 
standing by the stairs. 

I looked at Janice knowing she probably didn't want to be left alone. 

"Don't worry about Janice here; I'll keep her company til you get back. " Jeff said

"Okay, I'll see you in a bit. " I told her and headed towards the stairs. When I 
reached the stairs, I turned back to see Janice smiling and dancing with Jeff. 
Then I silently followed the guys passed the staircase and through a door 
leading to a back room. There were three Sigma brothers standing in front of me, 
the one in the middle was large but muscular and had blond hair. The other two 
were twins slightly smaller and had black hair. 

"Sup Mark, I'm Dave and I'm in charge of recruiting pledges to Sigma, this is 
Stan and Steve. " The middle one said. 

"Good to meet you," I said

"We've been watching you for a bit to decide if you were worthy enough to pledge 
Sigma Upsilon Zeta and when our brothers invited you to the party it was partly 
a test to see who you would bring and you pass with flying colors. Janice is 
hot, where did you find her?"

"She's my best friend"

"I've never seen her before"

"She's not too much of a party girl"

"We'll see about that," Stan said grinning. He obviously knew something that I 
didn't know. 

"Quiet Stan," Dave said, "We've decided that we want you to pledge Sigma, and at 
the end of the semester after learning about our brotherhood you will initiate 
and become a fully fledged brother. What do you say?"

"Absolutely," I said smiling, "Thank you so much man" 

The guys started walking me out of the room, "Don't thank me; thank yourself and 
that wild woman you brought. " 

Just as we were walking through the door a cute girl came up to us; she was 
skinny with no ass and no tits, but she had a cute face and long blond hair. 

"Dave, I've been waiting forever for you to dance with me," she pouted. 

"Sorry babe, I have a lot of work for Sigma to do tonight. Why don't cha dance 
with Mark here for a while?" Dave suggested nudging me towards her. 

"Alright come on" she said pulling me to the dance floor. 

We found a spot next to Janice and Jeff. I looked over at the two and saw that 
Jeff's hand was in Janice's top caressing her right breast, and his other hand 
was rubbing her stomach and down to her outer thigh. I stood there grinding with 
the cute girl staring at the show I was getting and wishing that it was me 
instead of Jeff. Next I saw Jeff slide his wandering hand into the slit of her 
skirt and towards her crotch. Janice grabbed his hand and shook her head. He 
whispered in her ear while pointing towards a bunch of guys. I guessed he was 
telling her not to make a scene and bring attention to herself, because his hand 
went back into her skirt and this time she made no resistance. It was obvious 
what he was doing especially when she laid her head back on his chest. 

Jeff nodded to Ian at the door, and Ian smiled and made his way through the 
crowd. Jeff removed his left hand from her breast and rubbed her ass with it and 
Ian moved the hater top aside and started rubbing those magnificent tits. From 
the look on Janice's face, I'd say she was moaning but I couldn't hear anything 
over the music. 

I was so hard from watching the three some of foreplay. The blond cutie I was 
dancing with started rubbing by penis through my pants. I couldn't believe it. I 
was watching my best friend getting fingered and I was getting a hand job from a 
chick whose name I didn't even know. This was the best night of my life! Ian 
exchanged is hands with his mouth and the cutie worked her hands inside of my 
pants to work my cock flesh to flesh. God it was so hot watching him suck, lick, 
and kiss her wonderful tits and Jeff rubbing and pounding his hands into her 
pussy. The cutie rubbing me started rubbing faster and harder. 

Man I was in ecstasy. I could see Janice was getting closer to orgasm, her chest 
rose and fell heavily and quickly and her head was trashing up and down and side 
to side on Jeff's chest and shoulder. I myself was close to arriving at my 
destination. Cutie's fingers flowed from my penis to my balls and to the flesh 
between my penis and my ass. It was too much for me to handle. Jeff removed his 
hand and licked fingers and nodded at Ian who replaced her halter top and left. 
I exploded on the cutie's hand. She kissed me on the cheek and left. Jeff 
whispered in Janice's ear again and nodded to me. 

"She's all yours man. We'll call you in the morning to start your pledging. " 
Jeff told me and walked away. 

"Hey, it's really hot in here, do you wanna head out?" I asked Janice. 

"Yeah, I had a really good time tonight. " She told me smiling. 

I opened my coat, "Wanna come in so you don't get cold" 

She leaned in and I wrapped my arm and coat around her. We walked back to the 
dorm together with me caressing her breasts inside of her top. I can't wait 
until the next Sigma event. 



Sigma Girl
by allmightyisis2005©


Janice walked into her room after having studied at the library until 1:30 am 
dying to get some sleep. When she turned on her bedside lamp she noticed a 
familiar figure sitting on her bed holding a large manila envelope. 

"Hello Janice, how are you tonight, you remember me right? I'm Jeff, the 
president of Sigma Upsilon Zeta. "

"How did you get into my room? My door was locked. "

"Your RA is a very good friend of mine. She let me in so I could make you an 
offer you couldn't refuse"

"Can it wait until tomorrow? It's late, and I'm really tired. 

"Sorry it can't wait, but I will let you think about it until tomorrow. " He said 
as he handed her the envelope. 

Janice didn't respond verbally, she just opened the envelope and pulled out the 
pictures inside. They were of her semi-nude on the dance floor being fondled by 
Jeff and Ian at the Halloween party last weekend. 

"You took pictures of me! When you threatened me to let you do that!"

"Yeah, and you wasn't that hard to threaten. I only said there were a lot of 
horny guys who would take advantage when I said so, and you should relax. "

"What do you want from me?"

"I want you for the house; we need someone who's willing to be available for the 
brothers' pleasure, and since you're a freshman we can be available for the next 
four years. "

"Why me, I'm sure there are plenty of promiscuous girls here who would be up to 
it?"

"We want someone with a little more class and intelligence, and a lot less 
experience to be molded into the perfect Sigma sweetheart and Mark told us you 
are a virgin. It's a good deal you can pick which days you will be available, 
we'll pay you and for anything you need which is considerably more than your 
work study job, and we can be discrete so your family and friends don't find 
out. " 

Jeff started to move behind her and wrap his arms around Janice's waist rubbing 
her stomach and the curve of her hips. 

"And if I say no" she asked

"No means no but your photographs might spread throughout the male Greek 
community and they might not think so highly of you. " He said moving his hands 
up to her breast, "I love your tits, they are perfect, large, soft, and they fit 
perfectly into my hands. "

"Get out of my room" Janice stuttered. 

"Sure maybe I'll slide a few of these shots of you under your neighbors' door on 
my way out" Jeff said as he started for the door. 

"No, please don't"

Jeff stopped and turned back towards her. 

"Take off your top; I wanna play with your bare tits again"

Janice hesitated but finally pulled the turtle neck shirt over her head. Jeff 
walked up to her and pulled down the straps of her plain granny bra and fondled 
the boulders first with his hands then with his mouth. When he was finished, 
they were covered with his spit. 

"I'll give you until tomorrow to make up your mind. If you accept come to the 
house wearing a red dress at 2:00. " Jeff walked out of the room leaving her 
alone topless trying to figure out an alternative to becoming a frat whore. 

Janice rang the doorbell just before 2:00. Jeff eagerly opened the door. 

"Good," he said to her. "Come on in, I was just wrapping up an Executive 
Meeting. "

Janice followed Jeff into the house and into a back room where she was greeted 
by the sight of 12 brothers. 

"Gentlemen, some of you met Janice here at the Halloween party when she came 
with pledge Smith. She has just accepted our proposal to be the Sigma 
Sweetheart. " 

The men all started cheering and clapping. Janice stood in shock and close to 
Jeff. She didn't know what to expect at that moment. Was Jeff expecting her to 
have sex with them right now? She wasn't left curious for too long before her 
question was answered. 

"Now fellas, Janice will be available for Officers starting this Friday but for 
now you can feel out the merchandise for 10 minutes. " 

Janice turned and stared wide eyed at Jeff until she was nearly tackled by the 
excited brothers of Sigma Upsilon Zeta. 12 pairs of hands grabbed her everywhere 
and she couldn't tell whose hands belonged to whom. Her tits where being rubbed, 
grabbed, pinched, and bounced. Hands were slapping her plump round ass, pulling 
her hair, flowing up her inner thighs and lightly drifting over her panties. It 
wasn't long before the top of her red sun-dress was pulled down and the bottom 
was pulled up so the brothers could play with her bare skin. When she finally 
submitted to the humiliating probing, she felt a pleasurable sensation like 
never before. She suddenly felt like she had to pee, and a strange wetness 
flowed between her legs. Just as she let out a faint moan of pure virgin 
ecstasy, Jeff interrupted the hand fest. 

"That's enough guys. " 

Everyone immediately stopped, and Janice adjusted her dress. Jeff ushered her 
out and up the stairs to his large presidential suite. 

"It's time we started your training and let you know how this will work. For the 
brother's you are at their disposal to celebrate academic achievements, 
birthdays, and other equally important special occasions. Otherwise priority 
will go to me, other officers, seniors and Mark since he brought you in, 
juniors, sophomores. Pledges don't get to fuck you until they initiate. You are 
required to be available Fridays, Saturdays, and two or more days of your choice 
during the school week. You can design your own rotational schedule for the 
brothers during the week based on priority. Exec members get to fuck you at 
least once a week, brothers once every two weeks. Down the hall is a room for 
your exclusive use and on the door is the fantasy box. Brother's right down 
their sexual fantasies between you and them, and you get to figure out how and 
when to fulfill them. Any questions?"

Janice shook her head. 

Jeff stood behind her and inserted his hand under her dress and crept up her 
thighs until he reached her panties. He immediately dove right in to her undies 
and felt her untouched pussy. 

"Already wet, I like that. " 

He continued to rub her pussy and started to rub her left breast at the same 
time. Janice felt weak and started to lean into him and allow the molestation 
until he suddenly stopped. 

"Now, I want you to suck my cock" 

"I've never done that before" 

"It's easy, take it out and put it in your mouth. " 

Janice knelt down and started to undo Jeff's pants. 

"Where most girls mess up is they forget that the dick is more than the tip. You 
have to suck and lick all of it. When you eat a Popsicle, you have to lick it 
all over evenly for the best effect. It's the same thing with cock sucking. Give 
it a try. "

Janice timidly closed her eyes and took the entire flaccid penis in her mouth. 

"Oh yes, very good"

Janice wrapped her lips around the pole and pulled her head away and let it 
slide almost out of her mouth before she took it in again. This of course 
brought little Jeff to attention and the meat grew to twice its size in Janice's 
mouth. She continued to studiously suck and lick the 8 inch piece as Jeff moaned 
in utter satisfaction. She then moved from his penis to taking his balls into 
her mouth and used her tongue to play with the pair in her mouth. After moving 
back to taking the entire penis into her mouth, Jeff started pumping down her 
throat. Janice let out a gasp of having the cock shoved down her mouth and the 
vibrations only made Jeff hotter and pump harder. Janice adjusted and swirled 
her tongue around the cock as went in and out of her mouth. Janice was a quick 
study because shortly after her toying with Jeff's balls and dick he was ready 
to eject his seed. 

"Swallow all of it. " He moaned as he sprayed into her mouth. 

Janice cringed at the salty taste but did as she was told. 

"I want to fuck you now; lay on the bed. "

Janice laid on her back and watched Jeff approach. He started playing with her 
tits again; he loved those two perfect boulders. He replaced his hands with his 
mouth and as he teased the moaning girls hardening nipples he slipped his hand 
into her wet pussy. Janice gasped from the exciting sensations under her skin. 
He rubbed her clit and outer pussy lips until she was watering between the legs. 
Now she wanted to be fucked. She needed to be fucked by Jeff, her pussy wouldn't 
take no for an answer. His dick was hard again. He stopped and slipped on a 
condom. 

"This is the only time I will wear a condom, so you will need to get on birth control"

"Whatever you say, Mr. President" Janice answered. 

Jeff smiled at the remark and moaned as he slid his dick into her tight wet 
pussy. Jeff began to pump in and out of the girl as she moaned. First from the 
pain of Jeff's girth then from the pleasure of feeling his cock slide up and 
down against the walls of her pussy. 

"Ahhhhh my god!" she moaned. 

Jeff pushed in and out harder and faster while grabbing, squeezing, and biting 
at her perfect tits golden brown tits. The abuse to her tits and pussy sent 
Janice through the roof. She started thrusting into Jeff's cock in his rhythm. 

"Oh my GGGGoooooDDDD HARDER HARDER FASTER!" 

Jeff smiled at the new frat slut and obliged her demands. Faster and harder he 
thrust into her tight little hole. He soon felt her tighten around his dick and 
he knew she was coming soon. He continued at his pace as she screamed. Jeff felt 
18years a pussy juice crash against his dick as she reflexively squeezed in 
orgasm. She panted as she calmed from the explosion of pleasure and Jeff slowed 
his motions until he came. When they were both finished, she laid against Jeff 
as he put his arm around her and gently caressed her breasts. She knew she could 
and would get used to this life. She fucked Jeff in four more positions before 
leaving the fraternity house. When she went back to her dorm, she started on her 
rotational schedule. It was going to be an interesting four years. 


Sigma GirlSigma Girl Ch. 02

Janice left the Sigma house late Saturday night for her own dorm room and felt 
exhausted and sore after the a marathon of sex, oral sex, and more sex with 
Jeff, the chapter president. Janice tried her best to focus and study for her 
Monday classes but it took her nearly 3 times as long to do the required problem 
sets as it usually would. 

Monday morning, Janice received an e-mail from Jeff just after she woke up. 

"Wear a low cut shirt and a miniskirt today and meet me at the house after 
class. " 

Janice was almost afraid to wonder what Jeff had in store for her today, 
especially after her intense sexual awakening on Saturday. Nevertheless, she 
showered and did as she was told and put on the one revealing shirt and 
miniskirt she owned and departed for class. Janice walked into her morning 
physics lecture feeling somewhat out of place in the miniskirt and busty pink 
shirt seeing every other girl in the class wearing the same frumpy/ cover all 
clothes that she usually wore 

"I feel like I should be in a communications class," she thought to herself

"Hey Janice!" 

Janice turned her head to see who was calling her since she didn't really talk 
to other people in her classes. It was the tall black haired twins from Sigma 
Upsilon Zeta. Stan sprang out of the seat and bolted up to her. 

"We've never been formally introduced before I got a feel for you at the Sigma 
Exec Meeting but I'm Stan, and that's my bro Steve," he said pointed to his 
still seated brother who was waving. 

"Nice to formally meet you. "

"You should come and sit with us. " 

"Ummm, I usually sit up front so I can see the board and everything," 

"Oh come on, and it's a slide presentation today. "

"Uh sure I guess. " 

"Alright!" Stan enthusiastically said as he led her to the top, back row of the 
lecture hall while watching her ass sway under the miniskirt until he ushered 
her into a seat between Steve and himself. 

Janice studiously pulled out her notebook as the professor turned off the lights 
and started the lecture slides. Janice copied the notes for the first 10 minutes 
of the lecture until she noticed that the twins' legs were almost subtly rubbing 
against her outer thighs. Janice ignored the light rubbing and continued to copy 
her notes. Then Stan's hand inched its way to her opposite shoulder. 

"Calm down we're in class, he's not gonna do anything with a room full of 
people," she said to herself while she continued to keep her eyes locked on the 
lecture slides the professor was presenting. 

Just as the professor began to introduce the Copernicus model of planetary 
motion, Steve's hand fell upon her knee and his fingers began to gently draw 
soft sensual circles on her bare skin. She didn't want it to, but her arousal 
began to stir at the twins' teasing. Stan started drawing circles and twisted 
lines on her upper arm and inched towards her bosom. Steve's hand started to 
inch up towards the hem of her miniskirt, and Janice realized that yes, he was 
gonna play with her in a lecture hall full of 200 people. Janice removed the 
hand from crawling up her thigh. Steve leaned his head towards her close enough 
where she could feel his warm breath on the back of her sensitive neck. Stan 
instantly landed his hand on her right tit over the thin fabric of her low cut 
shift. She gasped slightly, Stan leaned his head into her with his lips just 
next to her ear. 

"Just relax," they both said to her in sync. 

"No one will even notice," Steve said

"Just as long as you are quiet," Stan added as he placed his hand back at the 
hem of her skirt, "I just love your legs. They're so soft and smooth. I wanna 
taste them. " 

"No not here," Janice whispered. 

Stan dropped his pencil between her legs. A girl in the row just in front of the 
threesome turned her head at the sound just as Steve and Stan removed their 
hands. Stand started to bend towards the pencil which signaled the girl to turn 
back to the slide presentation. As Stan bent completely and reached the pencil 
he was directly over her legs. Steve replaced his hands on Janice's large tit 
and began to squeeze and tease as Stan turned his head and licked, sucked, and 
lightly bit on Janice's inner right thigh. Janice covered her mouth as she 
gasped not knowing if Stan's bite hurt or if it felt good. 

Steve started inching his fingers down Janice's shirt and into the deep crevice 
to bare boobs. Stan leaned back up and kneaded the flesh that he just tasted. 

"You taste like chocolate strawberries," he whispered in her ear as Stan started 
squeezing her bare tits inside her bra. 

Janice exhaled deeply. She was too terrified to move and bring any attention to 
herself; however the thrill of potentially getting caught was somewhat arousing. 
Stan rushed his hand to their destination and brushed Janice's lips through her 
panties under the miniskirt. Stan covered Janice's mouth just as she gasped. 

"Bingo, your panties are wet. I think you should give them too me. "

Janice looked at Stan not knowing what to do or say. 

"C'mon just take'em off now. Raise up your ass and I'll pull them down. " 

Janice remained frozen in fear that any movement would cause someone to turn 
around in her direction. 

"Do it," Stan beckoned. 

Steve found her nipple and squeezed it between his fingers as hard as he dared. 
Janice's ass sprang up from the unexpected jolt of pain and Stan quickly pulled 
the white pussy soaked panties down to her knees. She had no choice but to step 
out of them as quickly as possible and surrender them to the twins. Steve tossed 
them to his titty teasing twin so he could take a big whiff of the undergarment. 

"mmmm," he said giving them back to his brother. 

Steve put the panties in his pocket and returned his hand up Janice's skirt to 
her bare pussy lips spiraling his fingers up and down the length of her 
perfectly smooth cunt. Stan leaned over to her chest and placed his mouth over 
the Sigma Girl's left breast over her shirt and began to suck and bite down as 
he covered her mouth to silence the moan. 

"You like this don't you?" Steve asked into her ear, "You like us playing with 
your body in the middle of lectures. "

"Ohhh hmmm," She moaned behind Stan's hand while nodding. 

She didn't want to like it but her body wouldn't be denied to the twins. Stan 
removed his mouth from her chest leaving a decently sized wet spot over her 
nipple on the pink shirt. Steve inserted two fingers into her tight little hole 
and started slowly pumping in and out thrusting his fingers upward as they 
entered her sopping wet cunt. Janice bit down on her lips to keep the sounds she 
desperately needed to make from escaping her lips. Stan pulled her shirt down 
over her left boob and bit down on the bare flesh while squeezing and releasing 
the right tit over and over. Janice was over the edge and the orgasm was just 
starting to build up from the bottom of her stomach. Steve pulled his fingers 
out without warning. Steve lasted the juices he collected. 

"My little chocolate strawberry," he said. 

Stan immediately dove his hand into the wet pussy so he could get a taste sample 
of the new fraternity plaything. 

"You really do taste like chocolate strawberries. " 

Janice was breathing hard but quiet. She wanted nothing more than for Steve to 
reinsert his fingers so she could release the orgasm that just started to build 
up and he could see it in her eyes. 

"Do you want to cum strawberry?" 

She nodded yes

"Will you let me play with you anytime I want even in public?" 

Janice wanted to say no because she could get caught. But if she said no, Steve 
and Stan wouldn't finish what they started. She nodded yes. 

Stan put his hand on her bare exposed breast and Steve reinserted his saliva and 
juice covered fingers. Janice spread her legs to give Steve a little more access 
to her pleasure box. Steve inserted his index and middle fingers into the tight 
hole and used his thumb to stroke her clit. 

"Oh god," she whispered and Stan squeezed and pinched her breast harder. 

Janice tried her best to control herself but she was not in full control. Her 
hips and ass began to rock into Steve's fingers with his thrusting rhythm. She 
was almost there. She was cuming. 

"Cum on you naughty little girl," Steve urged her in her ear then nibbling on 
her ear lobe and moving down to her neck. He pressed his tongue into her neck to 
taste her smooth sensitive skin. With Steve licking and fingering her and Stan 
pinching and squeezing her breast, her flood gates opened and pushed against 
Steve's fingers. 

Feeling the orgasm, Steve removed his fingers and let the juice run onto 
Janice's seat. 

"Taste," he said holding his juice soaked fingers to her mouth. Janice quickly 
sucked off her slime and closed her legs to try to halter the flowing of her 
orgasm. Stan released her breast and replaced her bra and top, but he gave her 
tit one last lick and suck over the top to leave the stain of his saliva. Just 
as Janice recovered from the raging orgasm, the professor finished his lecture 
and began to turn on the lights and dismiss the class. Janice stood up to exit 
but Stan caught her attention again. 

"Wow Janice, you must have really enjoyed the lecture today. " 

Janice turned around to face him but his eyes were pointed down onto the seat. 
Janice looked down at the large wet spot on the fabric covered seat from her 
orgasm. Stan still seated grabbed Janice's ass and pulled her close to him while 
kneading her soft cheeks. His face was directly in front of her vagina. He 
placed his second hand under her skirt and right under her moist lips. He gave 
her clit a quick rub and an audible moan did escape her lips. 

"Next time I'll make you cum just as hard. " 

"Oh god!" she moaned again 

"If not harder," he added with a slight smile releasing her from his hold. 

Janice turned her away and proceeded panty-less to meet Jeff at the house. 





 