Frisky Energy Drink
Written By: Mr. Mongo

Marsha stood there pouting over her mother refusing to purchase fizzy cola drinks Marsha and her sisters’ love drinking every summer. Their mother Jenny decided to go with a new sugar free sports drink called, Frisky. The 24 ounce drink came in strawberry, mango, lemon-lime, grape, water melon, and orange cream sickle.

”Stop pouting already, you just turned thirteen and should be acting like an adult! These drinks are twenty four bottles for ten dollars,” said Jenny as she lifted two twenty four packs into her shopping cart with a grunt.

”They’re cheap because they taste bad,” said Marsha with her arms folded across her chest and doubling up with her pouting.

Just as Marsha said that a supermarket employee showed up with another cart loaded down with more Frisky then interrupted the mother daughter conversation, “I wish these tasted bad! I have to restock Frisky three times a day since it came out.”

”It’s that good,” asked Jenny?

”Yup! People are buying this stuff up like crazy! Even with the warning….”

Marsha interrupted the employee before he could say what the warning to say, “They are probably letting it go for so cheap a price to get everyone hooked on it before they raise the price.”

With a loud grunt Jenny loaded another twenty-four pack into her cart for a grand total of three packs. Marsha looked at the mountain of colorful drinks her mother was stocking up in the cart then scrunched up her nose and said, “Yuck!”

Mother and daughter started to roll off with their cart when the store employee asked, “Don’t ya want to know what the warning is?”

”No we have to get more supplies for our backyard pool party we are having today,” replied Jenny!

”But it says right on the bottle……”

Just then Marsha interrupts the employee to say, “Sorry, we have to go!”

As the mother and daughter walked away with three packs of Frisky the store employee said under his breath, “Do not use then enter the water.” Laughing to himself the store employee began restocking the Frisky Sports Drink shelf.

A still angry Marsha helped her mother get those heavy drink packs into their trunk.

“With prices like this you better get use to drinking Frisky, Marsha,” warned Jenny.

”I’m just saying they better taste good! Our whole family and all my friends are going to be there. If Frisky sucks I’m going to make sure everyone know you made the decision for this swill,” warned Marsha.

Driving down their street they started to notice a lot of cars with out of state license plates parked on the sides of their street. Their family members are starting to arrive. Hiding her excitement, Marsha could not wait to see family members she had not seen since she was seven years old. When Jenny pulled into her driveway she could barely squeeze in with the five out of state cars crammed in.

A screen door squeaked as Marsha’s ten-year-old brother, Chris came out to help unload the soft drinks. Without even thinking of helping her brother and mother Jenny; Marsha ran into the house to see her out of state aunts, uncles, and cousins. When Chris got to the back of the car, Jenny popped the trunk in order to get everything unloaded.

Soon as Chris saw the multicolored drinks he yelled, “Frisky? Ain’t that stuff the government is trying to ban?”

Jenny was too busy going through her purse to be bothered to hear what Chris was running his mouth about.

”Mom, there was a warning on tv that said don’t drink this stuff then go swimming! You’re suppose to wait five hours before going into the water,” warned Chris.

With her face buried into her smart phone, Jenny just marched right into bedroom to put on her bikini ignoring her son’s warning. Chris just shrugged his shoulders then began schlepping the drinks into the house.

Having their entire family there made their home into a mad house. All you could smell was coconut oil from the sunscreen everyone had on. Every relative was decked out in his or her brightly colored bathing suits. Men had on swim trunks and the ladies their two-piece bikinis. It was going to be scorcher today, so everyone was out in or by the pool. Chris loaded up all the Frisky into their refrigerator. Last of the carbonated colas were taken outside in an old washtub full of ice.

It was going to feel good for Jenny to get out of her clothes and into her bikini with all this summer heat. Jenny double-checked her door lock to make sure someone would walk in on her as she was changing into her biking. The thought of which mortified her. Staring at herself in the mirror, Jenny could not believe how good she looked for forty-eight. Her wavy shoulder length chestnut brown hair caressed her shoulders as she tied her red bikini top. Reaching down Jenny picked up her red bikini bottoms putting them on then making sure she had no pubic hair poking out anywhere. Jenny’s husband, Mark cannot stand a shaved bush. It would be so much easier for around the pool Jenny thought.

When Jenny finally left her room she ran into her daughter, Marsha who had on her black bikini and was heading out to the pool out back. Jenny was amazed at how much her daughter looked like her. Right now Jenny’s breasts and hips were larger than Marsha’s, but in a year or two they would look like a couple of clones.

Just about everyone was splashing around in Jenny and Mark’s large in ground pool. The water was only five foot deep; enough for the adults to move around chest deep and the little kids to get by with floaties. Everyone was having a great time.

Around two o’clock all of their cola drinks were running out. Everyone was tired of swimming and now was lounging around the pool. People started filling ice chests with the now cold Frisky drinks. Family and friends could not believe how good Frisky tasted and how much pep they felt. Kids and even the adults were running around the pool like wild savages.

Aunt Maxine a tall red headed woman about forty leaned over to retrieve a pool toy when uncle Steve pushed her in the pool. Everyone busted out into laughter. When aunt Maxine’s head popped out the water she had a strange feeling wash over her body. It felt like her bathing suit was burning her. Without hesitation aunt Maxine began removing her bikini exposing her erect puffy red nipples and her bright red landing strip bush.

Just about everyone was howling with laughter as aunt Maxine bounced in the water playfully. Her C-Cup breasts gleamed in the water and her nipples were harder than they ever were before. Uncle Steve did not hesitate to lend aunt Maxine a hand to get the excited red head out of the water.

Once out of the water aunt Maxine stood there dripping wet not caring she was naked. Her belly and chest felt like they were full of energy. Aunt Maxine’s heart raced as she felt excited knowing everyone staring at her. Just about everyone had their smart phone out recording her and Maxine loved every second of it. Normally shy and reserved, aunt Maxine was a high school Librarian not prone to exhibitionism, but today she could not get enough of people looking at her naked body.

Dirty uncle Steve stood there with a filthy smirk on his face when all of a sudden aunt Maxine pushed him into the pool. Making a big splash uncle Steve felt shiver come across his chubby frame, It was like he swallowed a heavy dose of ice water and viagra. Just like aunt Maxine, uncles Steve yanked off his bathing suit to expose himself to all who was watching.

Climbing out the pool, uncle Steve did not get the same response as aunt Maxine got. There were shouts of, “Cover that thing up! Really Steve? and Marsha’s favorite, “Hey look a penis, only smaller!” Steve just stood there with a big dumb smile on his face not caring her was naked and fully erect.

Without a warning both Steve and Maxine began throwing people into the pool. Everyone was screeching then as soon as they hit the water they sort of shuttered then stripped naked. Men, woman, young and old everyone was getting naked. Once everyone was naked they began writhing around in the water touching one another. It was like body-to-body contact was making them high or something. It reminded Marsha of how their house cat would rub her face against everything and everyone when she was high on catnip.

Only two family members did not partake in the writhing mass, Marsha and Chris. Both siblings stood there in shock watching their family members and friends wriggling like worms against each other’s wet oiled up bodies.

“What the hell is going on,” shouted Marsha?

”There was a warning on tv this morning telling people not to drink Frisky then get wet. It causes a chain reaction that causes people to experience hyper tactile sensations that cause euphoria and excessive nudity. People who drink too much of this stuff will refuse to wear clothing for forty eight hours,” yelled Chris.

”That’s what the stock boy was warning us about, but mom wouldn’t listen,” laughed Marsha. Marsha looked over at her mother in time to see Jenny being mounted from behind by her uncle Steve her dad’s oldest brother. Looking over to her father Marsha saw, Mark giving it to some secretary from his work. The woman reaching out the pool grabbing onto the grass and sounding off like a cat in heat. Just about everyone was doing something sexual. Thankfully the kids were just running in circles naked while laughing hysterically.

Marsha has just found her favorite new soft drink, but she won’t be letting this stuff touch her lips. 


Frisky Energy Drink Part 2

A look of absolute evil came across, Marsha’s face when she turned to her little brother and said, “You want to have some fun with these drinks?”

”Hell yes,” chuckled Chris!

“Go out to the garage and get your big red wagon then put an ice chest in it,” commanded Marsha.

Dutifully Chris ran out to the garage then placed their large ice chest into the wagon. He pulled their wagon next to the garage door that led into the kitchen for easy loading of Frisky drinks. Just as Chris ran up to the door his sister began loading a big bag of ice into their cooler. Like a man on a mission Chris ran up to their refrigerator to load up on Friskies. Taking several trips the mischievous siblings finally filled up the cooler with the accident aphrodisiac sports drinks.

”Let’s go to fireman’s park! All the kids are going to be at the amusement park. That’ll just leave pools at the park full of teenagers and adults,” laughed Marsha.

“I think we are going to need more drinks, better bring mom’s credit card,” yelled Chris as he ran into the kitchen to take his mom’s card out of her purse.

Chris and Marsha stole their mom's car to head to the store to max out her credit card on Frisky energy drink. Each sibling snatched up a large shopping cart making their way to the pyramid of stacked Frisky energy drinks the store has on display. It took three trips to fill up their mom's minivan full of boxes of Frisky. Their last purchase was two children's swimming pools and enough bagged ice to fill both kiddie pools.

Marsha drove the minivan to Fireman's park while Chris rode his bike with an ice filled wagon loaded down with Frisky trailing behind him. When they got to park Chris was handing out drinks to everyone who would take one. Chris loved how packed the public pool was. Lucky for Chris and Marsha the kids were too busy it the wading pool staying away from the packed adult pool. Marsha managed to locate some volunteers to help blow up the kiddie pools then fill both pools with ice. Once that was complete the Frisky energy drinks were dumped in. After Marsha was through with her volunteers she made sure to pay them with a cold can of Frisky.

After a half hour of waiting for the drinks to get cold enough Marsha and Chris began getting people to come try some free Frisky energy drinks. The siblings were surprised at how mobbed they were once everyone was exclaiming how great Frisky tasted. Looking over at the pool Chris saw how empty it was. Everyone was over by the blow up kiddie pools to get their hands on free Frisky. All the people who cleared the pool were milling around talking about how energetic they felt after drinking Frisky. No one was heading to the pool much to Marsha's distress until Chris screamed at the top of his lungs, "Last one in the pool is a rotten egg!" People laughed then one by one they began making their way into the pool.

Splash after splash could be heard as people started diving into the pool. When Mrs. Robertson popped out of the water it was like her breath was taken from her. Mrs. Robertson's face turned red and the little hairs on her forearms stood on end as she began laughing stripping out of her one piece bathing suit exposing her dark red nipples and freshly waxed vulva. Bystanders could tell Mrs. Robertson loved laying out nude when they saw the tan lines left behind by her long gone bush. Mr. Robertson did not even slip out of his blue Speedo; he just tore it off himself like a madman exposing himself to shocked onlookers.

The Barlowe twins were next into the pool when they came up for air after diving in they did not hesitate to begin undressing one another. Everyone began breaking out their phones to record the strip show the twins were putting on. Everyone stood there with jaws agape looking at the Barlowe's identical erect nipple showing off their nipples dusty pink nipples. A roar came from the crowd when the twin sisters tore off each other's bikini bottoms exposing that they had identicle landing strips shaved into their light brown bushes. Once naked the sisters had a wicked look on their faces. They had identical naughty smirks on their faces when they reached out to two men standing on the edge of the pool staring in stunned disbelief at their naked glory. Each sister reached up to the two innocent bystanders when the two men grabbed the sister's hands they were quickly yanked into the pool. When both men came out of the water they were fully erect and pulling off their swim trunks. Without hesitation both men mounted a twin letting them have it like a couple of horny monkeys. Both twins moaned and writhed around as they were mounted by complete strangers. The more people who watched and recorded what was happening made the twins even more horny.

After the Barlowe twin's little show a stampede of park goers rushed into the pool. Marsha and Chris stood there in shock as they saw bathing suits come flying out of the pool making loud splats when they hit the tiling on the deck. Neither sibling could believe what they had caused with those cheap energy drinks. People were screwing in the pool, around the deck of the pool, and even the grass like common animals. Moans, laughter, and orgasms could be heard everywhere as all the park goers were getting down to it. It was like an orgy from ancient Rome or Greece. When a bystander would stumble into the park Marsha and Chris would hand them a can Frisky then tried to push them into the pool.

About an hour into the sexual free for all the police began to respond. The first cop to show up was Officer Wilson a forty year old chubby cop with a shaved head. His parter Officer Kelly a twenty five year old fit female officer with dark blonde hair and firm C-Cup breasts. Officer Wilson walked up to the edge of the pool then said, "Wow! They're really going at it! How long has this been going on?"

Marsha and Chris both said in unison, "About an hour!"

"Yikes," exclaimed Officer Kelly.

"Was it something they ate or drank," asked Officer Wilson?

"They all drank this, but my brother and I have been drinking them all day and nothing has happened to us, yet," said Marsha. Marsha then oppened up a cherry Frisky and wolf it down. "See," said Marsha.

Officer Kelly opened up a lemmom-lime Frisky then downed it. "Hey Wilson, try this stuff! It's pretty good," exclaimed Officer Kelly.

Officer Wilson opened up a cherry Frisk drinking until he emptied the can all in one go letting out a loud burp when he was finished.


