Out For a Walk, the Key Inside
byJoandJ©

Out For a Walk, the Key Inside Ch. 01

This spring we started making plans early for our vacation scheduled in June. We were looking for a holiday home in a quiet, secluded location, with lots of privacy. Especially as I like to go out naked every now and then, and we would love to start right from the house. We found just what we were looking for in a private little house in the Tsjech Republic.

We contacted the owner by mail and were assured it met our criteria. It was on a remote secondary road, backyard intimate with the woods behind, the entire home surrounded by a large beech hedgerow. In fact, he actually wrote, 'You could easily go naked sunbathing without anybody seeing you.' What better invitation did we need!

We booked the house for two weeks and set about making our plans. Half the fun is the anticipation, so we made a rather detailed outline of our activities.

John enjoys helping me push my boundaries, and I love him for it: exploring the emotional intimacy such exposure and challenges bring. This made for an exciting, sexy edge to our plans, because once we decide to do something together, we stick with the plan, no matter the consequences!

John figured I should arrive ready to enjoy the sun on every inch of my body. I blanched, remembering we would be arriving while the home owner was still present. John calmed me down, assuring me there was nothing to it - it was kind of like a practical joke on the owner based on his letter saying as much; plus he would be there, so we would be going in as a team. Only I'd be naked. He comforted me, reminding me we were a couple, and as my partner he would feel the part with me; it would be as if together we were both naked.

The following day, John presented me with a plastic egg - the type with a toy concealed within. I opened it to find a key-hanger inside. He told me I should take it along on our holiday, with some cellophane tape. I got wet just imagining his plans.

I know not everyone gets turned on by receiving an egg, but not everyone does Tao exercises with a jade egg held within their pussy like I do. And my new egg would be properly prepared with the tape securing both halves together.

Then John filled me in on his plan. I was thrilled and nervous at the same time: any time we were to leave the house for a walk, me in my birthday suit, the front door key would be placed inside my egg, and I would carry the egg with me.

The theme for this holiday first walk would be 'all natural.' To be natural, I had to quit shaving my pussy and armpits for the first walk up to the home. I was not to wear anything at all: no shoes, no slippers, not even a ring. Everything I was to bring would arrive inside my pussy! The only allowance was a small make-up kit, for any minor touch-ups needed while out and about that John would carry for me.

Our next step in the detailed planning of our adventure was designed to help ease me on my first nude walk. A coat to cover up would be in the trunk of the car in the event there arose a serious problem or risk of authority figure interference found upon returning home naked. But John's idea made it anything but simple. He would park our car twenty minutes from the house. We would walk from the house, me completely natural and exposed, holding the house key inside, to the car. Once we arrived at the car, John would depart to eagerly await me at home, leaving me naked and alone to walk back to the house to deliver my special travel egg with the key. I trust John's judgment completely, so I agreed to this too, feeling aroused and fearful at the same time.

After much anticipation, our departure date finally arrived. We packed the car and left for our all natural holiday. The weather was good and we enjoyed our trip, looking forward to our stay.

We made a few stops along the way, we loved watching the scenery and relaxing. When we were a few minutes from our destination, John began searching for the ideal area for me to prepare for our arrival.

To make it easier for me, he looked for a path into the woods where he could park the car to provide me a secluded spot to undress.

We passed the last village before our final destination, and John soon pulled off, backing down the reclusive path to my natural changing room.

In the open air, I undressed and placed my clothes and shoes inside my bag. Putting my bag in the trunk, I grabbed my beauty case and closed the latch for the last time. I returned to the passenger seat, sliding my make-up kit in front of my feet, buckling the safety belt across my naked body. My breasts responding to the odd sensations of bare-skin on the restraint.

John confirmed with me that I was ready. I nervously said yes. He placed his hand on my thigh saying there was nothing to it and assured me I looked great.

Soon after we arrived at our new home-for-the-next-two-weeks. John drove to the house and stopped in front. It was just a little before two o'clock in the afternoon, our appointed time to meet the owner. Oddly, no other car was present, but we prepared to get out. John got out first, went to my side, and gallantly opened the door for me and assisted me out. We walked to the front door, me with just my beauty case in my left hand, giving me at least a bit of 'feeling as usual!' air.

John rang the bell and I felt a shiver go down my spine when a man in his fifties opened the door. He seemed to freeze for a fraction of a second, looking me up and down. Finally he smiled and said, "Welcome to you both! Welcome! Get in!"

To me, he said, "Now I understand why privacy was so important to you. By the way, if you permit me to say, you look gorgeous!" I felt a blush starting between my breasts and spreading over my face.

Before showing us the house, he mentioned the neighbors were visiting and were still out in the garden with his wife. They were all visiting, passing the time awaiting our arrival.

John said, "No problem! It'll be nice to meet them!"

I felt a mix of feelings: nervous, ashamed, humiliated and proud all at the same time. I had never felt like this before; but once we made the plan, I had to go through with it. At the same time, though, I enjoyed being there butt-naked with all my heart.

Jan, the owner, showed us the house.

Finally reentering the living room we paused just before entering the terrace.

John asked, "Are you ready? Shall we?"

I said, "Sure!" and out we went.

The bright sunshine blinded me for a split second. My vision cleared to find us in the middle of the two couples. Jan presented us to each of them. Although I felt eyes all over my body, no one mentioned my nakedness!

Jan said, "Take a chair and make yourself at home!"

Kysia, our new neighbor, lay a towel on mine, which I thanked her for while taking my seat. My beauty kit again at my bare feet, we shared a glass of beer.

Conversation started and I soon relaxed. Our neighbors-to-be turned out to have a pool and invited us over for swimming.

They said the magic words, "Clothing was optional," and we readily accepted their offer, especially as it was getting quite hot.

After finishing our drinks, Jan said they had to be going, and left us to unpack and settle in.

Kysia said she and her husband, Mischa would be home the rest of the day. If we wanted, we could come over later. She exited the garden, taking a path to the left which would bring us to their home in a short five minute walk. We were told to enter the backside of their garden, and it would be the first building with a red door to the garden.

As they left, Mischa said, "Dear, you only need to take towels with you."

We got our luggage and unpacked. John asked if I would like to go for a swim. I quickly answered I'd love a swim. He asked if I would like a break from the natural vacation and dress up. But I told him it seemed unnecessary for just a five minute walk to Kysia and Mischa's place.

Then he took the key to the front door off it's hanger. Into my plastic egg it went, secured with a few layers of tape. Putting it in his pocket, he said, "You might need this later on."

John grabbed a pair of towels for us and we departed the house through the front door. Going left into the backyard, we passed the terrace, open the garden door, and went merrily on our way.

John held my hand while we walked, me in just my bare feet, the warm air brushing all over my exposed skin. I found I had to walk slower than normal without shoes, but after only a minute or two, we came upon a small bridge. Crossing, the wood planks felt moist and slippery. Nature was in her glory and we enjoyed our walk, reaching the house of our neighbor's and entering their garden.

We noted their nice pool as we made our way to the terrace. We found Kysia and Mischa sitting, sunbathing nude, and enjoying the day. They welcomed us, naked as I was, saying Jan and his wife had already left.

John joked, asking where he might be able to change. All the while starting to undress to join in.

We had drinks and a marvelous swim, enjoying the sun and heat. By the end of afternoon, we had become friends with our new acquaintances, and John suggested we have a barbecue at our place. It seemed like a good idea to me as we had plenty of food with us. Kysia and Mischa accepted our invitation, so John told me I could head home in advance to start preparing while he had another beer with Mischa.

He handed me the egg with the key saying, "I thought you might need this..." and he explained to our new friend about it! I felt another blush coming up as I knew I would have to insert the egg in front of all of them. That was exactly what John asked of me.

I reclined upon a deck chair, pulling up my legs and spreading them. Unfortunately I was too dry and had to solve that problem. Initially I closed my eyes and imagined I was all alone and started to fondle my nipples with my right hand, holding the egg in the left. After some time, I changed to rubbing my clit and was then finally able to open up my wet pussy. I started by inserting the egg, wide end first, until it disappeared into me. I pushed it in further with my middle finger until it was buried deep inside my pussy. And I was done! I opened my eyes. My spectators applauded while I closed my legs.

I thanked them and left for our house, where I quickly arrived without incident. I sat on the grass, spreading my legs and pushed the egg out. I was still wet from my earlier performance. While slippery, I was finally able to remove the tape from the egg and retrieve the key. I approached the front door as two cars drove past. They both hooped at me and I waved to them from the now open front door.


Out For a Walk, the Key Inside Ch. 02

After arriving home, I showered and cleaned my egg, getting it ready for use the following day. I dressed up, preparing our barbeque and in anticipation of our guests.

John and I had been ready to have a barbeque anyway, so it wasn't much work to prepare the meat, get salads on plates, cut the bread, and organize the table along with putting out the sauces.

I was still busy with preparations when John arrived with our new friends, coming through the garden door into our backyard. I was relieved to see Kysia and Mischa were casually dressed like myself.

John, ever the gracious host, took over and offered drinks which he served us out on the terrace. I invited Kysia to take a place next to me, which she gladly did. I thanked her and her husband for the wonderful time we already had with them earlier in the day.

Sometimes in life, things proceed slowly, with each challenge being met, success coming consistently, as in my going out in the nude. Now, though, they went far faster, almost beyond control as we got closer with Kysia and Mischa.

We enjoyed our drinks out in the bright, late afternoon sun. I eventually brought up the question about how they had felt upon our arrival with me being naked.

Kysia described it as a revelation that anyone could be so brave as to live life how they wanted, without inhibition. It inspired her so much, she said she'd readily join me in future events during our stay.

I excitedly told them about our earlier adventures, along with the fun details planned for this vacation.

Hearing this, Kysia's enthusiasm was very apparent, and Mischa agreed, 'Yes, we would love to join in your plans making it a fantasy for all of us to enjoy.'

John said we would love the company and comradery in our adventures. He asked if the ladies, as a gesture of trust would change wardrobe to a more 'adventurous state' for the rest of the evening.

Then Mischa said that it was a good idea, and suggested Kysia and I use our imagination.

I led Kysia by the hand upstairs. Once up there, I suggested, 'I think we shouldn't give them everything all at once. Do you have an idea how we should dress?' Kysia replied, 'Well, let's meet halfway: let's go bottomless!'

That seemed like a good idea to me. I had plenty of sexy underwear with me, so I offered her a pair of my stockings as she was about the same size.

'What size shoes do you wear?' I asked her.

Being the same size, I handed her a pair of pumps. She already had on a short top, so we started dressing: or more correctly, undressing to the bottomless state. Doing up our make-up, we applied a little rouge to our faces as well as on our labia to match.

When we were ready for our entrance, we joined our hubbies again. Both told us we looked gorgeous. While we were getting ready, John had lit the barbeque, so we took another drink and returned to socializing, having a great conversation.

Then Kysia asked what plans we had for tomorrow as we hadn't yet parked the car as previously planned.

Mischa said, 'Let's start from here together. We can arrange things easier and faster using two cars.'

John said he was OK with that, so we went to work figuring out the proper schedule so we would have the woods to ourselves: an early start a must. Estimating we would take twenty minutes to place a car with our coats at the turning point, our walk could start at 7:00AM, so we would meet the next morning at our home at 6:30AM.

I said it was time to start our dinner and we could discuss the details later, during our meal.

'That's a good idea!' Kysia said.

She blushed, her face turning red, thinking about the impending nude walk the next morning. I calmed her, saying we would be together, which was also a great relief to me.

Later in the evening, Kysia mentioned we might have some more 'intimate fun' later in the week as Mischa and she had previously fantasized about swinging for a long time. As it turns out, John and I had as well. So we started discussing boundaries of play within which everyone would be comfortable.

To me, it seemed like everything was possible, as long as condoms were used. With the additional point, no cum would be shared with the new partner: I love to swallow John's cum, and I wasn't willing to share with anybody else.

We were all in agreement, and Mischa said he would take care of getting the condoms.

In the meantime, we enjoyed our barbeque. I told them how lucky we were to have met such good friends at the very beginning of our vacation!

We completed our plans for the next morning. Mischa knew a great spot to park the car and he would make final arrangements with John.

It was getting quite late in the evening, especially with our planned early start. It was time for our friends to go home.

Kysia said she'd like to leave her clothes at our house so she could dress after the morning event - planning to return to our house naked the next morning. So after she had finished undressing, we kissed, and said goodbye for the evening, letting them out at the back gate of our garden. After cleaning up, we went to bed knowing it would be an early morning. In bed, John asked if I considered it wise to start swapping partners.

I told him I considered it to be minimal risk as we were on vacation. To which he agreed, so we chose not to 'shoot our powder,' and we went to sleep, saving ourselves for the next day.

As usual, I awoke before the alarm. John was asleep on his back. I went down on his dick and gently started sucking him. When he woke up, I stopped, saying 'I want to swallow your cum... but you'll have to deliver it in a condom this time!' Preparing for the swap to come.

He laughed, and told me that was exactly what was going to happen tonight.

I took a shower and made us coffee because John needed some more time to ready himself as he had to shave and put on clothes, unlike me.

We had coffee waiting for our friends who arrived shortly, ten minutes earlier than planned. We kissed and sat down to our hot drinks.

Kysia was already in her birthday suit, wearing only a pair of sexy white, open toed shoes. She arrived with a long, black coat over her arm which she handed over to John. She said she had to wear shoes as her feet were somewhat tender, not having the chance to ready them for the nude walk as I had.

We shared a cup of coffee together after the men had left, leaving us in suspense as to where we would go and what, or even perhaps who we might meet.

We were to wait for them. I got a little nervous, yet aroused at the same time; Kysia feeling the same.

She said she was a little cold, so I gave her my waistcoat that was by the front door.

I teased her, 'That's because you're all shaved and bald!' In fact, I considered shaving after the walk as it would be unpractical in the evening when we would have our little party.

John and Mischa returned after about thirty minutes saying it was time for our walk to start. Kysia handed me my waistcoat and asked the men if she could carry the egg.

John asked me, and I said, 'By all means!'

So Kysia waited for John to prepare the egg and she laid back on the couch, asking John to insert it.

He asked her to spread her legs, then started to play with her pussy until she was wet enough to open her labia, spreading them for inserting the egg, using his other hand to push it up a little until it was in place.

Kysia got up, thanked him, and we were ready to go!

Mischa held the front door open, saying 'Ladies first!'

I took Kysia by the hand and we stepped outside. The air was still cool, but the sun kissed our naked skin all over. John closed the door and we went to the backyard, headed off on our adventure.

Mischa explained to Kysia where they had parked the car.

'Oh, my...' she blushed a bit and laughed, 'That sure will be quite a morning walk! I know the way and I'll tell you what's coming up. I'll keep you informed and prepared.'

We walked in front of our men, enjoying the thrill of mixed feelings: a little fear, embarrassment, joy, and pride - all at one time.

We walked through the woods, the cool soil felt good on my feet, although I had to pay attention to avoid stones and pieces of wood on the trail.

Kysia said we were coming upon an opening in the wood with a beautiful view of the nearby village. The path inclined slightly and we emerged from the woods. The village was calm, we saw a single car driving down the road, but no one seemed to notice us.

The sun felt good on our skin and we enjoyed our walk becoming more and more comfortable being nude. It started to feel natural. After about five minutes, we entered back into the forest cover, sheltered, but colder than out in the sun.

Kysia noted we would soon have to cross a road in a meadow where there could be some traffic, so we should be prepared for a possible encounter. We emerged from the wood, confirming her prediction as some traffic was coming, but we walked on.

Our men were having fun together, John started teasing, saying we would make the day for those who we encountered!

We had reached the road and had to wait for a few cars to pass, yet there was no reaction except for a single car that hooped. We waved to the driver who obviously enjoyed the sight.

Without further incident, we re-entered the woods along our path and passed a picnic table. I suggested we take a break to give my feet a rest.

We sat down for a moment only to have the inevitable happen as a group of scouts came down the path in the opposite direction. We acted normal, chatting a bit, as if this was a normal, every day occurrence. They looked at us, turned their heads when passing, gazed at us; but didn't say anything, and continued on their way.

'Wow,' Kysia said. 'We definitely gave them something to talk about!'

We continued on, nearing our car's location. We followed the river and the car came into sight. It was in a small parking area with a picnic table.

Arriving at our half-way point, John said it was time to change the egg from Kysia to me. This way we would have carried the key together. It seemed like a good idea to us, so Kysia climbed up on the table led down and spread her legs.

To prevent the egg from getting dirty, I was to catch it in my hands. Kysia pulled up her knees, and pushed. The egg slid out into my hands.

We exchanged places so I could be on the table to take complete possession of the egg. During this time, a couple of people were arriving in the parking area. It was the scout group who had followed us. I saw them while looking over my feet and I froze.

'Carry on, Joan! Go on and insert your egg!' John said.

Kysia immediately understood my problem and didn't want me to be the only one super-exposed. She said, 'Give me the egg, I'll help you out!'

I gave her the egg, spread my legs, and pulled up my knees for her.

She had noted the scouts were all over eighteen, so she bent over and placed her head between my legs. And started to lick my pussy. And I LOVED it! The whole intense situation just put me out of control.

After a few minutes, she stopped her licking and said, 'We'll continue later; now I'm gonna put the egg inside of you!'

She put the egg in place inside me, took me by the hand, and helped me up from the table. The scouts had formed a half-circle in front of us, and started to yell and applaud! Kysia and I stood arm-in-arm, kissed each other, and then bowed for our audience.

Mischa and John asked us to get into the car and we drove off, waving to our new fans.

'We'll drop you off at another point, equal distance to return home. We couldn't take the risk they would follow us all the way home!' John said.

They drove us to a spot close to the woods for us. They wished us a nice walk and drove off. We waved to them and went on our way.

'We're much better off starting from here,' I said to Kysia, 'Our hubbies were right: we would never have lost them, I fear!'

'You're probably right, dear. We'll have an easy walk home from here. You'll enjoy it!'

I said, 'By the way, you made it clear to me that I'm bisexual, which I never knew!'

'Neither did I,' she answered.

We stopped, fell into each others arms, and started to kiss. It was a great feeling, breast to breast, belly to belly, and tongue to tongue. After a few minutes, it was as if we awoke, and finally decided to carry on toward home.

We walked hand-in-hand, not even realizing all the time we were naked any more.

Kysia said, 'The boys will enjoy watching us when we carry on together this evening.'

I said I couldn't wait to taste her, so I would like to start now!

'Well, that's definitely okay with me. In a few minutes, we'll arrive at another picnic table. Is that okay with you?'

'Yes,' I said and we continued on our walk.

Within five minutes, we arrived at the spot. Kysia climbed upon the table and spread wide for me. I started to lick her pussy, initially starting at her lips, gently teasing her. She was soaking wet. I circled my tongue around and over her clitoris until she started to tilt her pelvis. She moaned as she got off, 'Oh my god! That was so delicious! Thank you, you did great!'

I continued to massage her belly and breasts for some time afterward until we decided we should go home as our men were currently locked out of the house as we had the key.

Kysia, like me, had never realized she was bi before this day. She said we could enjoy this together, though, in the forthcoming two weeks. We were sure that we also would need our hubbies to do their duties, though!

While walking home, my feelings had changed, and we decided to take the initiative with the filled condoms: we would put all the cum in one glass, mix it, and share it drinking it together.

We passed the village at some distance as before and again, it seemed like nobody realized we were butt naked when we passed, even a couple going the opposite direction on our path. We didn't make eye contact and they passed us as if they didn't notice we were naked.

We arrived at our garden about five minutes later.

John and Mischa were waiting for us. We sat down in a chair with them.

I pushed out my egg, saying 'Please, now first make us a coffee!'


Out For a Walk, the Key Inside Ch. 03

We enjoyed our coffee and told our hubbies about our walk home, but we kept our 'private break' to ourselves to keep a surprise for the evening to come.

John and Mischa told us they wanted to go canoing on the river nearby before starting to prepare for our sexy evening together and our meal to start with.

That fitted in perfectly with the plans me and Kysia had; we made an appointment to arrive at their place at about five o'clock. So Mischa gave the keys of their car to Kysia for us and after kissing us good-bye they left.

Me and Kysia took another cup of coffee, then she offered me to give me a close intimate shave that I gladly accepted; the 'all natural' look wasn't very practical for the evening and my initial walk was done.

I stood up and went for the shaving equipment, hot water and a towel; Kysia had moved a comfortable leather chair with armrests to the terrace in the meantime. When I got back she took the towel from me and laid it on the seat of the chair for me to sit on. I took place and putted my feet on the armrests, spreading for Kysia. She started cutting my pubic hair and armpits as short as possible with a pair of scissors before applying the shaving cream then starting to shave me with the utmost precision, holding my inner labia together to pull them aside and straitening the skin for a close shave.

When all was done, she shaved my armpits that became as smooth as my pussy. When all was done I thanked her with a kiss. After returning all necessities we sat down and discussed the plans for rest of our day together.

Kysia proposed to go shopping and site-seeing which sounded OK to me, so we dressed up and got on our way. We had a wonderful day out together; we ended on a terrace having a drink or two.

Looking at the clock, it was about time to leave and as we still had plenty days to spend so we definitely had time for another trip together one of the following days.

We parked the car at Mischa and Kysia's house, decided to leave our coats in the trunk as we didn't yet know where and when we would need them the next time.

So we joined Mischa and John; entering the garden Kysia locked the door as to make sure we would have our privacy. We saw immediately that our men had worked hard and that they had organized well; the terrace was made cozy, a pile of towels was laid to the side and entering the living by the wide opened glass sliding doors, they had put a double and a single mattress next to each other with white sheets over it and pillows casually in the middle in place off the table that normally stood there right in front of the two couches that had rested in place.

On and around the tables in- and outside the house there were flowers, candles, matches and even small plates, each with some flowers and condoms.

Next to the mattresses they had hung a lint with clips you normally use for Christmas cards, at a height of about one foot. They had marked our names on either sides; that would be convenient to 'park' used condoms on, waiting for the consumer, as they said.

And of course a roll of kitchen-paper was in it's place as well...

John asked us to take a seat at the table in the garden where the men served a glass of champagne; the bottle was served in a cooler, the drinks in wide, more or less flat, glasses and a plate filled with toast and snacks.

We toasted at our evening together and enjoyed our drinks and the snacks as Mischa lit the BBQ.

We also looked back at our walk this morning; Kysia thanked John for his idea of changing the egg, as it opened up the way to us starting to get intimate together; we also told them what followed after that during our break...

The BBQ was ready in the meantime to start grilling and we enjoyed our meal; of course we had some more drinks. As it was still hot, John started to undress going for a swim and we all followed his example.

After that, we settled again at the table having another drink while we all started to play a bit with our hands on each others hubbies body.

I said: 'Let's go in, and check out what our men have arranged there...!' Kysia took John by his dick, taking a champagne glass in her other hand, she winked at me leading him in.

We led the men to the couches and let them sit down while I said: 'Kysia, let us start this adventure together!' I shove the cushions aside and Kysia said: 'Let's sixty-nine to start with..' I said that I'd love to, laying on our sides giving our hubbies a good view. It was our first time exploring one another at he same time, we where both dripping wet enjoying one another's juices. After a few minutes I stopped licking Kysia asking the men to join in for a double sixty-nine; John offered his dick to Kysia, she started to suck him at once. John started to lick me, while I started to suck Mischa who licked his wife in my place. It was a very hot experience for all of us, though it was more optical so we decided to split up in pairs; Mischa putted on a condom as he wanted to fuck me.

Kysia asked John to sit on the couch so that she could suck him off, while she took her glass to catch his cum in.

Mischa turned on his back, asking me to take place on his dick, which I gladly did! His dick is a bit larger then John's is, so I could regulate easy how deep he went in me. It was a wonderful feeling having him inside, I took all of him in me.

Then he asked: 'Would you please turn round, keeping my dick inside, so that I can enjoy looking at your body?' I said I would like to try that and I did. One has to move careful, not to loose the dick while turning, but I succeeded. It sure is a great experience to 'manipulate' both sex-tools like that!

Then I started to ride Mischa until I orgasmed right before him; the sight and feeling of my inner muscles contracting made him orgasm intensely and I collapsed on Mischa. As I got back to myself again I rolled off, carefully holding his well filled condom and hanging it on the first clip reserved for Kysia on the line.

We set down, I leaned on Mischa with my back to his chest, we were both looking at Kysia and John while he was giving my breasts and pussy a slow massage.

Then John started to orgasm and Kysia took her mouth off putting the champagne glass in place. John produced a huge load; Kysia milked the last drop out and kissed his glance and then John's lips. 'Well done!', she said.

Now the men watched me as I took over the glass; Kysia took her condom from the line, went over to me, and started to empty it in the glass...

When she had done that, she stirred the cum with her finger, then licked it clean. I putted the glass to my lips and drank about half of it and handed the glass who emptied it, cleaning it with her finger, giving it to me to lick it of, then she licked the rest out of the glass.

I said to John and Mischa, that they could empty their sacks from now on wherever they liked as Kysia and I had become so intimate that we had become 'cum sisters'...

We took a break and a drink while John licked Kysia to get off. Meanwhile she had another glass of champagne that Mischa had poured in, in the glass we emptied before. I took over the glass preventing it from falling before she orgasmed.

We took another swim and then continued where we had stopped; we went on till all of us were exhausted...

