Kelly ENF
by TSB

Kelly was classed as a normal teenage girl to all that knew her. Eighteen years old, shoulder length brown hair and athletic build with a small chest portioned perfectly to her figure. Kelly was an outdoors girl who enjoyed running, cycling, camping and hiking. But behind closed doors in the privacy of her home Kelly loved nothing more than to fantasise about been naked in public.

She never told anyone about her fantasies as far as she knew she was the only one who felt this way, to be turned on by the thought of been naked in public, embarrassed, separated from her clothes. After many years of thinking about it Kelly finally decide she had to try it, to fell what it was like once and for all. She had an idea…

It was Wednesday a warm summers day the sun was out and Kelly was finally going to put her fantasy to reality, she headed out of her flat wearing a basic pink cotton t-shirt, tight denim trousers and trainers. Underneath she wore her usual cotton bikini cut panties matching bra and ankle socks all in black.
Kelly hid the key to her flat in the plant pot next to the door and headed out. Suddenly she felt nervous as she walked up the street, looking around there were a few people out and cars. It was still morning and most people were at work or school she timed her outing perfectly choosing a time and day of the week fewer people would be around.

Kelly lived in a small town, with a lot of green open spaces and parks spread out around the place she often use to run or cycle these parks so was remarkably familiar with the lay of the land. She was headed for an old quarry just a few minutes walk from her flat, the quarry was abandoned overrun by trees, on three sides now had houses built around with a park and open green space.

Kelly arrived at the quarry and nervously looked around, seeing no one she slipped off trail and into the thickets. She found a small clearing with a large tree growing from the centre. Heart racing she quickly kicked off her trainers, bending over to remove her socks. Her feet felt cold on the wet leaves of the woods, now was the hard part. She reached down gripping the base of her shirt looking around nervously she quickly pulled it up and over her head dropping it down onto her trainers. Again, nervously she looked around as she undid the button to her trousers and with one quick push she slid them down her slim toned legs stepping out of them fully. Kelly had obviously been out swimming and to the beach in bikinis before but underwear felt different naughtier especially in the woods. Finally it was the big moment all or nothing, heart racing Kelly reached behind her back and undid the strap holding her bra together, for a moment she contemplated putting it back on getting dressed and going home but she had come so far and didn’t want to give up so easily. With a shrug the loose garment slipped from her shoulders and landed on the floor next to he growing pile of clothing. With the morning wind gently flowing over her exposed skin Kelly took a deep breath hooked her thumbs into her panties and in one swift move they were down and off. Kelly immediately covered her small chest and nipples with one arm and she shaved bare pussy with her other free hand. Now totally naked in public Kelly slowly started to push her way through the trees towards the path she had ducked from. The path was a short walk down to the park surrounded by trees and bushes but once at the park the woods gave way opening to a wide playing field with a kids play park to one side. Kelly crept down the path nervously looking over her shoulder. Anyone could come down behind her or from in front, her heart was racing this was a stupid idea and she regretted it. But she kept on walking forward till she reached the opening. No one was in the park or the field, Kelly counted quietly out loud one.. two.. three stepping out into the open hands by her side drinking in the sun from the wide open space in front of her. Then to her horror she could hear voices coming down the path behind her, she quickly ducked into the bushes and hid behind a tree using it to shield her naked body from whoever was coming. Kelly peaked out and watched as two girls she knew from college Jodie and Tanya walked past laughing and chatting away they seemed to be looking around as if looking for someone as they walked toward the park.
Both girls in college were not very nice they had a reputation as the local mean girls often getting into trouble smoking weed or getting drunk. Enough was enough Kelly thought and with one last look around she took off jogging back to her clothes, her hands back covering her nudity as best she could, her bare feet slapping into the cold hard ground as she made her way back up the path. It didn’t take long to get back to where she started her nude adventure and fortunately no one saw her. She pushed through the bush and into the clearing where her clothes were but to her horror she couldn’t see them… anywhere. In a panic Kelly searched around but found nothing, nothing except her phone propped up against the base of the tree. She picked it up almost crying and looked at the screen, she had a text ‘CALL ME’

Kelly never had a password set on her phone anyone could access it, she looked at the number from who had text her but didn’t recognise it. Heart racing she pressed the call back button.
The phone rang for a second then someone answered all Kelly could hear was laughter down the other end “Hello” she said quietly and nervously, more laughter could be heard down the phone followed by a woman’s voice “Hi” she sniggered “you looking for something?” she asked.
Kelly sighed “very funny, do you have my clothes?” she replied, more laughter erupted down the phone
“Maybe, come to the park and find out” the girl laughed, Kelly paused and looked round for a moment
“I can’t” she said nervously
“and why is that” the reply came, who ever was on the other end was trying hard not to laugh.
“Because I can’t” Kelly replied in desperation, the line stayed silent. After a minute Kelly gave in and blurted it out “I’m… naked, you have my clothes” the phone erupted with laughter again as Kelly’s face started to burn bright red. “Please can you bring me back my stuff?” she pleaded down the line
“Sorry you have to come to us, but you better hurry up we are leaving soon” and with that the call ended. Heart racing Kelly quickly pushed back through the bush to the path and set off running again covering her nudity with her hands as she clutched at her phone. She reached the edge of the woods, no one was in the park or the field apart from Jodie and Tanya who were sat right in the middle of the open field chatting. Kelly dialled the number again “please, please, please” she muttered to herself, her heart sank when she saw Jodie pick up her phone. “Please come give me my clothes” Kelly pleaded as she watched Jodie and Tanya from a hiding spot in the bushes. “Nope, were leaving any second now so best hurry” Jodie hung up. Defeated Kelly looked around one last time no one was around, nervously she broke cover and walked into the open Jodie and Tanya immediately spotted the naked Kelly as she made a mad dash and sprinted across the field to them. Both girls laughing hysterically at the sight of the humiliated Kelly running naked towards them. “Give me back my clothes now” Kelly demanded both girls burst out laughing again “you are in no position to make demands love, sit with us” Tanya laughed. Defeated Kelly sat crossing her legs and cupping her chest with both hands.
Jodie and Tanya were sat with there backs to the path trough the park facing Kelly if anyone came Kelly hoped she would be shielded from view a little bit. Behind her was a housing estate but it was surrounded by trees so hopefully no one could look over and see the naked teen sat in the park.

Jodie took a long drag of a spliff and looked the naked girl up and down. “So why are you naked” she smiled. Kelly gave in hoping to get her clothes back quicker and told both amused girls everything, her fantasies her ideas what she wanted to do. Both girls laughed “Girl, you are messed up” Jodie smiled “we had no idea what to expect today when we came out” Tanya added “We were a bit confused when we headed off the path to our usual weed smoking clearing to find a pile of woman’s clothing. So, we decide to go look for a streaker and here you are” she laughed
“Very funny but please can I have my clothes back now?” asked Kelly
“If you pose for three pictures you can have something to wear” laughed Jodie
“Come on, please” pleaded Kelly as Jodie and Tany stood up, it was hopeless though both girls were known for been mean it was pointless trying to reasonable. Kelly stood up “Fine” she said face red looking away from her tormenters.

“Ok” said Jodie pulling her phone out “Hand your phone to Tan, don’t want any props ruining the shots now” Kelly complied and both girls took a step back. “Ok put one hand on your hip make a peace sign with the other and smile” said Jodie, Kelly did as instructed “beautiful” smiled Jodie “now turn around and look over your shoulder at me” Kelly did as she was told again “that a cute tight butt Kelly” Jodie laughed as Tanya leaned over her shoulder to see the pictures Jodie took “finally play with your pussy with one hand throw your head back smile and play with your boobs with the other hand” Jodie commanded. Again, Kelly complied and both Jodie and Tanya burst out laughing. “Look it totally looks like you’re playing with yourself” Tanya laughed
“and enjoying it” Jodie added, Kelly burnt bright red again as she covered herself with her hands
“Ok deal done give me back my stuff now” Jodie laughed as Tanya handed Kelly her phone back she reached into her bag. “There you go” said Jodie holding back more fits of laughter as she handed Kelly her ankle socks. Jodie and Tanya burst out laughing at the dumb look on Kelly’s face “we told you we would give you something to wear” said Jodie
“Unfortunately for you not what we would give you” Tanya added “But don’t worry if you want the rest of you stuff back its in safe hands”
“ye we handed your clothes over to a nice police officer as lost and found” Jodie laughed and with that both girls walked off leaving Kelly still naked holding her phone in one hand and socks in the other.

Jodie and Tanya disappeared out the park on the other side leaving Kelly naked and humiliated, Kelly bent down to pull her socks on her small breasts hanging freely as she did. Quickly she sprinted back to the woods, fortunately no one was around. Finding a spot to hide she quickly opened her contacts to find and call someone to help “them bitches” Kelly whispered seeing her contacts had been erased. She was stuck naked apart from black ankle socks outside town.
Covering as best as possible Kelly ran up the path towards town, hiding behind a tree she looked out towards the high street. She knew from where she was it would take her three minutes to run back to her flat but she didn’t have trainers on or anything else for that matter and there were people lots of people around male and female of all ages walking and driving by.

With a deep breath Kelly took off running as fast as she could, people gasped in shock at the young streaker, some took pictures others complimented her and a few insulted her. She reached her flat in record time rescued her key from the pot and slammed the door shut behind her. Hundreds of people had seen her naked this day, Kelly thought long and hard on the day’s events as she stood under the hot water of her shower. On her bed her phone buzzed.

PICTURE RECEIVED
PICTURE RECEIVED
PICTURE RECEIVED

NEW TEXT MESSAGE. 