The Start
byjulesteve©

The Start Pt. 10: Photo Booth

Teasing the geeks at college again.

After my steps show, I was in a sexy exhibitionist mood, craving attention.

Dressing after my shower, I chose a sheer blouse with a lacy half bra that slightly exaggerated my cleavage, the dark of my nipples evident in the right light. I topped it off with a cardigan draped over my shoulders in case I attracted too much attention, although I wasn't sure if there was such a thing.

Choosing a light grey pleated skirt, short, just above mid-thigh, I picked out a dark pair of thong panties, which would show under the light skirt, the same way white panties show under a black one. The hemline showed a generous amount of flesh, sitting just far enough below my cheeks to be decent if I didn't bend and was careful while sitting.

I'd picked it out thinking about the spiral steps to the study hall where the neighbour and his geek voyeur friends lurked, knowing the bottom curve of my cheeks would come into view as I climbed them. The study hall and library should also be fun as when I sat. My skirt would ride high over my thighs. Who knows who might be trying to catch a glimpse?

Walking briskly across the campus, I enjoyed the feeling as the breeze flicked the hemline up, the skirt flipped over my cheeks, briefly exposing my panties, and the admiring glance from male students made me wish I was bare underneath.

As usual, my neighbour and his computer club friends were gathered near the bottom of the stairs. I gave him a smile which he returned shyly, and then I walked up. I didn't need to turn around to know I had admirers.

Stopping a few steps above head height, I pretended to fiddle with my book bag, glancing over my shoulder. I could see all eyes were in my direction. Heads turned slightly to get a better view of my skirt secretly. I swapped my bag to my other side and 'accidentally' caught the hem of my skirt on it, feeling my skirt ride up and over the bottom of my cheeks as I hooked it back over my shoulder. As I continued to climb, I gently tugged on the bag, my pleated skirt creeping up over my bare legs until my upper thighs gave way to exposed cheeks. I looked back at the top of the stairs and gave them a little wave.

The study hall was adjacent to the small library, I preferred the library in town, as it was a day away from college and obviously, I had other reasons to favour it.

Sitting at one of the library desks, I spread out my books. The seats were the generic 'school' type, and I could feel the lower part of my buttocks uncovered under me as the skirt rode up my smooth-toned runner's legs, which I liked showing off.

Glancing down to my hemline and up again, I could tell that if I hitched it up just a little more and opened my knees, my panties would be showing too. The thin material was pulling tight, riding up in a camel toe as I squirmed, the shape of my pussy showing through it.

The geek club, as I'd named them, minus my neighbour, had coincidentally appeared and miraculously found seats opposite to me and were making it no secret they were staring at my legs, although they thought they were being subtle.

I pretended to lean to my bag at the side of my seat, stretching out one leg and opening my thighs.

Glancing over, I knew they'd seen my panties because it had killed the little chatter between them. Getting up from my seat, I walked to a set of shelves just behind me and pretended to browse the books.

Looking back over my shoulder, I could see them leaning to check out my legs and backside as I stretched up to reach a book I didn't need. Knowing they'd probably had an eyeful as I'd stood out of my seat, I was enjoying the attention, my panties slightly damp, and I wondered how far I was willing to push this.

I browsed the books for a while, stealing glances at them stealing glances at me.

Then, heart hammering, I had a naughty urge. Pausing in the middle of the aisle, I checked that only the geeks were in eye-line, then making sure their attention was on me, I slowly, excitedly removed my panties.

The feeling of having nothing on underneath the flimsy skirt caused fluttering in my stomach as I walked back to the desk, the material now swishing against bare skin.

I had intended to take my panties off in the toilets and give the geeks a little show as I walked back down the stairs, but as I popped my panties in my bag, I thought this was much more exciting.

I walked back, keeping eye contact with them. All three seemed to be holding their breath and were looking slightly uncomfortable in the trouser department.

My thighs twitched as I sat with my knees pressed firmly together. I had the geek's full attention as my skirt rode up and my legs came back into view, feeling the hem slide up my thighs as I relaxed back in the seat. I wondered what their reaction would be if I allowed them to see up my skirt and tried to imagine what the view would be like from the opposite side of the room. I 'accidentally' parted my knees, revealing the sparse, trimmed hair and damp lips under my skirt, becoming more than a little moist between my legs.

I sat like that for a good few minutes, enjoying the feeling of nothingness under my skirt, their greedy eyes, and the dare of it, knowing I'd probably leave a 'spot' on the seat.

They were trying not to look as if they were staring, which only made it more obvious, so for a few brief seconds, I reached between my legs and parted my lips by running a finger between them, feeling the cool air on the damp as I exposed myself further.

The geeks were staring fixedly, openly between my legs as one, their eyes wide, glazed over, making no pretence or effort to check the line of their gaze. They kept staring happily, nudging each other, mouths agape, working soundlessly like goldfish, not believing their luck.

As I suddenly closed my legs and stood, gathering my bag, it was like they'd been slapped awake from a dream. The following mad, comical scramble for the door meant they were hoping to catch me on the way down the steps and get to the bottom before I started down them to miss nothing. They filed past, walking quicker than usual, almost cartoon-like, as they averted their eyes, not wanting me to catch their eye.

There were few students that day, and sure enough, the only group standing around were the geeks at the bottom of the stairs. Looking over the railing at the geeks below. I secured my bag over my shoulder and moved my hands to my hem. The spot between my thighs became wetter at the thought of what I was about to do.

My face flushed with excitement, not embarrassment. I strolled into view and started to walk slowly down the steps. Holding my skirt against my bare legs at the top, slowly raising it until I could feel the bottom of my cheeks exposed, raising it further as I got halfway down the steps, flipping the front up so that my pussy was on display to those below.

My heart was beating as the geeks stood open-mouthed again, not speaking or wanting to break the spell. I hesitated, very briefly, at head height, giving them a clear view between my legs.

As I reached the bottom steps other students walked past as I let my skirt drop back down over my legs, doing a little double take, unsure if they'd seen anything. The thrill that ran through me made my legs tremble. I needed to touch myself. I could have gone into the ladies, which would have been the sensible thing. I was so close it wouldn't have taken much to get me off, however...

There was a photo booth adjacent to the stairs, empty, right there waiting for students who needed a photo for their pass, tucked away at a bend in the corridor, hardly used. The geeks almost flinched as I confidently walked towards them and asked, 'do you have enough coins for the booth?'

They looked panicked, either not expecting me to speak to them after the 'show' or stunned because a female was talking to them. Quickly checking pockets, bags and wallets, they came up with enough for a set of photos. I took the money from the slightly shaky hand offering it and said, 'wait here.'

Ducking behind the little curtain, I adjusted the seat as high as it would go, bent over it, arched my back and pushed my hips out. Looking over my shoulder, I made sure the short hem of my skirt was over the backs of my thighs and buttocks. I moved my feet apart, and a tiny peek of pussy showed. Happy with that, I tried a couple of more poses before putting the coins in the slot.

Flash...the booth lit up, and I could see primarily be-speckled faces trying to peer in through the tiny gaps between curtain and booth.

Turning, I leaned back against the seat on tiptoes and lifted my skirt with one hand making sure my pussy was reflected in the glass, covering it with my fingers, so just a tiny bit of moisture dampened slit and pubes showed.

Flash...the booth lit up for a second time.

I bit my lip to stifle a groan as I cupped my pussy and pushed a finger in, working it frantically.

Flash...Flash...the camera went off twice more.

Nearing orgasm, I added a second finger, one foot on the stool exposing smooth inner thigh, the glass holding a reflection of my fingers pushing me open, the sight bringing a need for more as a moan escaped my lips.

Flash...went the camera again.

Gasping, I sat on the stool, skirt around my waist, hand between my legs, as I pulled the curtain back.

All morning I'd enjoyed the thrill of wearing a skirt that showed my panties and cheeks with the slightest breeze, the library naughtiness and teasing on the stairs. Now I wanted to show off, exposed as I brought myself to orgasm. I needed them to see each slippery stroke of my fingers between my legs, my inner thighs wet as I began to reach orgasm.

My gasps seemed to match those of the geek audience crowded around the booth as I removed my hand from between my legs, exposing my slit.

I fingered my clit quickly, bringing me off and...Flash... the camera took its final picture.

Pulling the curtain shut, I cleaned up with wet wipes and tissues, depositing the damp mess in a bin as I exited the booth. The geeks were all speechless, except one who very polity said, 'thank you.'

I smiled saying. 'If you think that was fun, wait until my neighbour passes on a party invite.'

I said it, not knowing if I meant it, yet intrigued at what might happen and excited by the idea of showing off again.

A loud click sounded as the pictures popped out, and I handed them to the boys. There was nothing to identify me unless you knew what my pussy looked like, which I guess the geeks did now, so I said.

'Souvenir' and made my way home, smiling at the thought of them masturbating over the pictures.


The Start Pt. 11: My First Time

How I lost my virginity in a public library.

The morning of my 'date' had arrived. I'd been thinking about this day since my adventure last week, wondering if my library friend would turn up. Would he think I'd be there or put our bit of fun down to a one-off chance encounter?

In fact, it was pretty much all Id been thinking about. It seemed as if I'd been permanently turned on since our last encounter. The only release was the encounters with my neighbour, his cousin and teasing the geeks using my fingers.

I wondered if I'd have reacted differently to the surprise visit of the cousin if I hadn't been in such a heightened sexual state. Rather than being outraged, it had been a turn-on. Well, once the shock had worn off. And on our second patio 'play,' it had been all I could do to stop myself from mounting one of them, the desire to feel something other than fingers inside me was so strong.

Hopefully, today was the day I'd experience full sex if my library stranger turned up. Although I wondered at the definition, I hadn't had full sex.

However, in addition to my daily play with a petite slim dildo, I had encouraged my two mutual masturbation buddies to finger me to orgasm. Of course, I'd also had that wonderful public oral experience in the library. If everything went as I hoped, I wouldn't be a virgin at the end of the afternoon.

I didn't know what it was about the stranger, but I knew he was experienced. He'd introduced me to oral sex, was as confident and had no hang-ups about being in public, finding the threat of discovery a turn-on as I did. We seemed to share the same exhibitionist tendencies.

I'd showered, resisting the urge to touch myself. Then dressed in a cream cotton mid-thigh pleated skirt, matched with a slightly lighter top, just sheer enough that the darker tone of my nipples showed.

Feeling flirty and with butterflies dancing in my stomach, I decided to go without panties. Knowing in the right light, the neat triangle of pubic hair would probably show through the thin material of my skirt and that the slightest breeze would mould it to my legs and mound. Subtly showing my shape.

Pleased with my choices, I headed for the library.

On arrival, each step increased the anticipation of seeing the stranger again and what I was prepared to let him do.

The library is never busy mid-week, so I'd soon know if my 'date' had turned up. If he hadn't, I was so sexually charged I'd have probably gone home and jumped on my neighbour and his cousin. Not that they'd object. The thought made me smile, along with the lingering looks I was getting from the few males in the library and, surprisingly, one of the females.

Taking a deep breath to steady my nerves, I headed through the bookshelves to where we had been intimate the previous week.

'So you came.' He smiled as I neared the desk where I'd had my first oral experience, receiving and giving.

He was leaning on a corner nook next to what I thought was a small desk that was actually a set of two desks with a small divider between them. One facing the wall, the other out into the library.

They were used for language studies, the shelves on one side filled with retro tapes and CDs, a set of headphones on each side.

My 'date' had been very clever in his choice of location, especially as this 'study' part of the library was extremely quiet. The dividers are tall enough that you can only see over them standing on tiptoe.

'You look nice,' he said, his gaze lingering on my breasts, the shape and colour of my nipples showing through my blouse, as I'd anticipated.

I perched on the library-facing corner of the desk and said.

'It's been a crazy but fun week. I wasn't sure if you'd come or if last week was a one-off.'

In answer, he rested his hand on my thigh and gave it a gentle squeeze, rubbing small circles with the ball of his thumb.

'You know everyone can see your nipples in that top,' he whispered.

His hand circled further up my leg.

'And a more tasty place shows through that skirt with the light behind it just right, so I'm guessing there are no panties to slip off this time.'

I cocked my head to one side and said. 'And what makes you think I left them off for you?'

He shrugged and smoothly pushed my skirt up to my waist, crouched down and placed little kisses on my upper thighs while thumbing my clit, causing me to let out a little gasp.

Frustratingly he then smoothed my skirt back in place.

I glanced around the library to see where everyone was. There was no one behind us to see what had just happened. Still, a squeeze to my knee and a nod of the head let me know someone was on the other side of the shelves in the adjacent walkway.

Without books between us, they'd be close enough to touch as the shelves were that close. I wondered if someone had walked past our little interaction and was hanging around, hoping for more.

If they weren't, I was but decided to move to the wall side of the desk, where the divider would provide a modest amount of cover.

It was hard not to draw attention as he ran fingers along my inner thighs to the dampness between them. As he knelt and spread my legs, I bit my lip to stifle a gasp.

His warm tongue found my wet lips, parting them, licking quickly with firm strokes as his fingers and thumb worked my clit.

His tongue and a finger pushed into me until suddenly, my body was wracked with the shuddering of an intense climax, just like last week.

I grabbed the back of his head and held it down between my legs, his tongue probing, teasing and lapping until I had eventually calmed down.

Panting slightly at the intensity of the orgasm, I gently pushed him away from my hyper-sensitive pussy, and he sat back. I squeezed my thighs tight together, not wanting to lose the sensation of something being pressed to me.

Taking a breath, I asked, 'will you fuck me?'

He looked surprised, then said' 'seriously?'

'Because from our last conversation, I thought you'd never...'

He left the question hanging, and I said.

'I haven't wanted to before. I just liked exploring the thrill I get from being seen, watching a guy masturbate, or being cum on. I liked the feelings I had from being fingered and kissed down there last week. They were more intense than anything I'd felt before.'

'Now, I want to be fucked. Not by someone my age with little experience who won't last long and not in a 'romantic' setting, somewhere risky and exciting, like here, now with someone who knows how to please a girl.'

He smiled and said, 'that is very flattering,' as he pulled me from the table and turned me gently. Positioning me with my legs just back from the desk, bent forward from the waist, palms resting on the hard wooden top.

He ran his hands over my thighs and under my skirt, pushing it further than needed. So that the material fell over my lower back, exposing all of my ass. I thrilled at being so daringly, unnecessarily exposed.

His hand travels up my top, and I can feel his hardness pressed to my buttocks, so I wiggle against him as he cups and massages my breasts. If not for the divider, anyone would have an unobstructed view of him squeezing them gently, pinching and pulling softly at my nipples.

I can feel the dampness growing between my legs, my breath becoming quicker, and my face feels flushed and warm, and I groan as he gives my nipples one last twisting pinch and then moves his hand.

But the fun has only just begun.

His hands slowly caress my thighs and cheeks. I feel my damp lips pull apart each time he massages my cheeks outwards, parting them. I imagine he's getting off on looking at me so intimately.

His hand slides between my thighs, and he begins to rub me with the flat of his hand, letting his fingers play with my sopping pussy as I feel wetter than ever.

After a few delicious teasing moments of him gently manipulating my pussy lips, he teases my clit with the briefest of touches. Then brings the hand caressing my buttocks into play. Both hands move between my thighs, one set of fingers rubbing the outside of my pussy while he gently slides one then two fingers of the other hand inside me.

I push back at him arching my back, resting lower on the desk. Making myself more accessible by pushing my ass up and stepping a foot out, widening my stance even more. It's almost too much as my breath becomes ragged, and my legs start to tremble.

He leans over my shoulder and whispers, are you sure you still want to, or I can just do this for you. He pushes two fingers in for emphasis, curling them to hit my G spot. It makes me gasp and slump forward as my pussy pulses and leaks around them in a mini orgasm.

Breathless, I whisper, 'yes, please do it now.' his hands slip from between my legs, leaving me feeling open and exposed as he positions himself behind me. Skirt up past my waist, ass in the air, thighs damp with my juices, pussy wet, legs open, exposing everything. I can only guess how I'd look to anyone passing if I faced the room.

I almost jumped as he stroked the fingers of one hand between my legs, my heart beating fast as I heard the zipper of his trousers, then felt his cock against me. He rubbed it back and forth over my pussy until I involuntarily moved my hips against his movements.

There was a brief flash of disappointment and confusion as he moved away from me, then a torn foil pack landed on the table, and I realized he'd put a condom on.

He rubbed his cock against me, his fingers brushing my lips until my hips were again moving with him. I sucked in a little breath and tensed a little as he carefully pushed forwards and eased the tip between my folds.

He hesitated as I gasped.

'Please don't stop,' I whispered, afraid he wouldn't carry on.

In answer, he slowly pushed his cock inside me a little at a time. Holding my hips as he moved in and out. Going further with each stroke, he slightly increased his movements until I was so wet and slick that he easily stroked the entire length of his cock in and out.

My legs started to tremble, the feeling of being 'full' deliciously naughty and nothing like the feeling of fingers or my slim silver vibrator.

Gauging when I was ready, almost at the moment of orgasm, he pulled back so that just the tip of his cock was inside me, paused, and then plunged back in harder and faster than before.

A small moan escaped me before I could stop it, and I collapsed forwards, head on my arms, causing my ass to rise, meeting his next thrust. My whole body seemed to tremble, shaking with the most intense orgasm I'd ever experienced as he pounded back and forth. His speed increased as my breathing became shallow.

Arching my back, I almost cried out, biting it down as I remembered where we were. Every muscle in my body seemed to tense up, my pussy gripping and pulsing with the stranger's cock, as he held still with it buried in me.

As soon as I relaxed and my breathing slowed, he pressed me down so my chest and arms were against the desk surface and, with a grin, said, 'my turn.'

He made me gasp again as he pulled a little way out, then pushed all the way in, keeping up the pace as my breathing once more became shallow. He had been gripping my hips but now loosed my left side and unbuttoned my skirt before I could do anything.

Pulling out of me as he tugged it down my legs in one swift movement, leaving me almost naked as it pooled at my feet. It was thrilling, frightening and erotic all at the same time, and my heart raced at the thought of being discovered.

Now wearing just my top, my skirt bunched on the floor, he rubbed his cock against my pussy then pushed back into me, fucking me harder, faster than he had before.

I responded by pushing back into him. Any trepidation about being heard was forgotten as he pounded into me. My legs trembling as I felt my excitement build, juices from my pussy wetting my inner thighs as another orgasm took my breath.

Suddenly I felt his body tense as he thrust deep one more time, then pulled out. The condom landed on the table. Through gritted teeth, he said, 'trust me.'

He pressed the shaft of his cock between my cheeks, leaning into me to reach my clitoris with his fingers as he ground his cock between my buttocks. It throbbed against me, precum lubing my soft skin until he finally loosed his load. Pumping warm thick spunk between and over my cheeks, just as my legs turned to jelly, the feeling intense as his fingers made little firm circles on my clit.

If the desk hadn't been there to support me, I'd have collapsed on the floor.

As he finished, he let out a clearly audible sigh and stepped back, silvery streams trailing between his cock and my ass.

It took a moment more for me to regain my composure. Even so, my legs were still a little wobbly.

Retrieving wet wipes and tissues from my bag, I cleaned up, acutely aware that I was doing so half naked in a public library. I'd passed my library friend wipes and tissues, noting it was mere moments for him to have a quick clean and tuck everything away.

While I had a lot more mopping up to do before I could dress.

Feeling brave and naughty, I gathered up the tissues, wipes and the condom and, still naked from the waist down, walked to the rubbish bin situated at the library side of our nook. Anyone walking around the corner or across the opposite side of the library would have seen me. Secretly I hoped someone had.

He was smiling when I got back, finally pulling my skirt back on, another thrill as I stepped to the side of the desk to dress, so anyone passing would have seen me.

'You OK?' he asked

And I stretched, nodding yes. 'Thank you, that was wonderful.' I said.

'Glad to be of service.' He laughed.

Then added. 'The end, I know you like to be cum on, and it's a nice way for a guy to get off without penetration. Thought you'd like it, and I could show you something.'

'Because I'm, well, was, just an innocent virgin?' I said

He laughed out loud, 'was,' he repeated.

'I'm glad it was like this, that my first time was with someone like you and that you made it such an exciting time.' I genuinely meant it and his smile said everything without him answering me

As I turned to go, I noticed a gap in the books and sudden movement, which my stranger had also seen.

I was guessing someone had heard us and taken a peek to investigate, which made the whole thing even more exciting. The smile on my stranger's face told me he felt the same.

'The risk is what doing things like this is all about.; he said, and I agreed.

Perhaps next time you could do a strip in one of the aisles for me then if you're game and up for a dare.' he said,

'Next time?' I said

He shrugged, 'plenty of things for you to try. I'm here next week,' he said, making me shudder as he ran a finger up the inside of my thigh, touching the tip to my pussy, then to his lips.

With that, he walked away, turning to give a little smile and wave

I sat at the desk for a moment, gathering my thoughts.

I'd just been fucked for the first time, in public, with no romance, just raw animal need, two people just giving in to their desires.

Although he'd been tender and taken things slow, tempering his own needs until I was ready.

Still a million miles away from a romance novel first time, though.

But it was what I'd wanted in every way risky, daring and very public.

No commitment, no attachment, just fun.

And judging by the balled-up wad of tissue I found in the adjacent aisle, it seemed like we'd been spied on, which thrilled the exhibitionist in me.

As I made my way back to my car, I wondered what 'other things he could show me were and what his dare would entail.

That's if I chose to turn up

But who was I kidding?



