The Taming Of Alice Sempliciotti
by Torchlusspanik_2

She broke the uniform rules again; how will she be punished?

Alice stood facing the blackboard with her hands clasped behind her, back to the rest of the class. In front of her, Mr Kuenstlicher sat behind his desk and looked at her over his steepled fingers.

"You know why you are here and not taking advantage of your free period, Miss Sepliciotti?" her teacher asked.

"Yes, Mr Kuenstlicher." she replied coyly.

"Yet I see you continue to breech the schools uniform code, as you have done every day since your 18th birthday." He looked from her face down over her silky, tight blouse and lingered over short tartan skirt and stocking tops, before carrying on over her knee high boots and back up again.

"Sorry Mr Kuenstlicher." Alice replied.

"And I understand Mr Brown put you in detention yesterday. May I ask why?

"He said I was... distracting he class." Alice suppressed a smile as she remembered sitting in the front of Mr Browns French class repeatedly crossing and uncrossing her legs, watching his erection grow. "He kept me back after class for some extra oral work, sir." It had been a short detention - Mr Brown had only lasted for a couple of minutes before shooting his hot load of salty cum into her mouth, holding the sides of her head to make sure she swallowed it all.

"Still," Mr Kuenstlicher continued, pushing his chair backwards and standing up quickly. "Your current attire will be useful in today's lesson. Now boys," his voice rose as he walked past her to address the class seated behind her. " As you can see, Miss Sempliciotti from Class 11 has joined us for this afternoon's lesson. I believe that everyone in this room is over the age of 18, so I hope that, with her help, we can rectify some of the misconceptions from yesterday's work. If you would be so kind as to bend over the desk, Miss Sempliciotti."

Alice dutifully bent at the waist and braced herself on her desk with her palms and felt her short skirt flipped over onto her back, revealing her pantyless rear to the class behind her. She felt a foot put in between hers to nudge her legs apart. Again, she shifted her weight and spread her legs wide.

"Thank you. Now, you will already be familiar with this view of the vagina form magazines and the like. What those publications do not show you is the finer detail..."

Alice zoned out of her teachers drone and concentrated instead on his hands as they first of all rested on her ass cheeks and then slowly but firmly parted them to reveal her glistening pussy to everyone behind her. Then a finger ran itself down her crack and back again, before her lips were spread. She was vaguely aware of words such as "labia" and "wetness" as her teachers fingers probed her cunt, first one then two, spreading and stretching her, moving in and out. She could feel herself getting wetter and began to gently push back so that she could feel his knuckles against her.

Suddenly she felt them being withdrawn, and reddened as she realised her gaping pussy was on show to everyone.

"As you can see, Perkins, there is no gushing torrent of, as you so quaintly put it, 'pussy juice' from Miss Sempliciotti's vagina. And I do object to the word 'twat' Jenkins, especially in a biology paper. Now, as to the issue of size..."

Alice stiffened and gripped the table as she felt something probing her fanny, something hard and unnatural.

"This dildo is roughly the size of an average penis, and you will notice that Miss Sempiciotti can quite easily spread herself and take this quite easily..."

It was no use, Alice moaned loudly as the plastic prick slid into her. Before she had zoned out from choice, now it was through pleasure as her teacher fucked her hard and long with his sex toy. She had had bigger cocks, but it was the unrelenting nature of the fucking, the plastic hardness inside her that made he knees give and put her face onto the table. She gasped and groaned and bucked and as her orgasm neared, quicker than ever before. She was vaguely aware of her pussy making loud squelching noises with every stroke of the fake cock and wished she was not as wet and turned on.

Alice could feel her orgasm building up inside her as she bucked on Mr Kuenstlicher's sex toy, panting and scrabbling at the desktop. Every thrust seemed to take her to a new level of intense pleasure, seemed to probe at a deeper and better place. She could feel the strength beginning to give way from her legs as she gasped and moaned.

Suddenly... it had gone! The cock was removed from her as suddenly as it had entered and she was left on the edge of climax, wanting more cock, wanting to put her hands on her clit and finish herself off but knowing she would be punished more if she did. Above her heavy panting and sobs of frustration, she could hear Mr Kuenstlicher addressing the class once more, telling them to answer the questions on page 23 while he dismissed her.

Her feet were once again kicked apart, forcing her legs wider. She heard a zip being undone and a rustle of clothing. Then she felt the tip of Mr Kuenstlicher's cock nudging at the opening to her pussy and gasped in pleasure and surprise. As he slid it slowly inside her, inch by inch, she knew that she had never had a cock this big inside her. Despite being so wet it was almost dripping from her pussy, despite having more foreplay than ever before, despite being so close to cumming, the cock was stretching her wider than she had ever been stretched before and it hardly felt like it was halfway in.

Slowly it pushed further up her sopping cunt, filling her up and making her moan aloud. As he reached full penetration and his balls rested on her arse, Mr Kuenstlicher paused and ground his hips into Alice for a few seconds before withdrawing slowly until only the head of his cock was left inside her. Then he thrust it inside her again, lifting her onto her toes and making her gasp in surprise. He did this once, twice, again and again, gradually speeding up his efforts and reducing the pauses until he settled into a steady rhythm, fucking her tight little fanny.

The pressure of her orgasm began to build up again as she was reamed by her teacher's monster cock. Her pussy was slowly stretching to accommodate him, but every thrust filled her and made her gasp and grunt in pleasure. Louder and louder became her cries, becoming squeals as she neared climax. She barely registered her teacher slapping first one ass cheek and then the other, so great was the feeling inside her. Eventually she could hold back no longer and arched her back as her orgasm ripped through her, raising her body off the desk for the first time and shouting out loud as she came.

This was obviously too much for Mr Kuenstlicher. Gripping hold of her Alice's hips and pulling her back onto his cock, he grunted and came inside her. She could feel the jets of spunk hitting the inside of her cunt, filling her up. Spurt after spurt entered her - he couldn't have cum for months, there was so much jizz.

He stood still for a few moments, before withdrawing his cock and leaving her pussy gaping open. She felt him wipe his cock on her arse, smearing cum and pussy juice all over it, and then felt her skirt being pulled as he used it to finish off cleaning himself up. She slowly stood, breathing heavily and feeling spunk run from her pussy and down her stockinged legs, dipping onto the floor beneath her. Mr Kuenstlicher sat down in front of her again, zipping himself up. "I hope that I won't be seeing you again." he said.

Alice had an inkling he would.
