Showing Off On The Bar
bynakedjessica©

Okay, here's the story about the first time I really took my exhibitionism to the next level. I had spent the summer after graduation from high school getting more comfortable with my new fetish. I would wear sexier clothes out at night and even during the day. I would sometimes "accidentally" flash someone on the street or in a store. I almost never wore panties, and skirts and dresses replaced jeans and shorts as my usual outfit. I was thinking more about my body and started to work out everyday. I got in really good shape and I really loved the way I looked. 

My parents' house has a pool in the back with a fence, so you can't see in from the ground. I would sunbathe nude back there all the time, so I didn't have any tan lines. I was always waxing or shaving to keep myself as hairless and silky smooth as possible. The only problem with the pool in the back was that from the neighbor's deck on the house to the left, you could see over the fence and into our pool area. More than once I noticed Mr. Brown (names have been changed, of course) sitting on his deck, smoking a cigar, and pretending to read the paper. I knew he was really checking me out. I would usually just lie there and work on my tan, but sometimes if I was feeling naughty, I'd touch myself a little.

One day Mr. Brown came out on his deck naked. We were always both wearing sunglasses and pretty far away from each other, so we never had to acknowledge each other. I still don't really know if he knew that I knew that he was watching me. So anyway, this one day he comes outside naked and sits down to read the paper. I was feeling a bit dirty, so I spread my legs apart and licked my fingers and started playing with my clit. I was totally staring right at him the whole time, but he couldn't tell because of my sunglasses. Or maybe he could tell and he didn't care, I don't know. But while he kept holding the newspaper in his left hand, his right hand slowly starting stroking his cock.

Seeing Mr. Brown jerking off, and knowing that he was looking at me while he did it got me really aroused. I started to get wet and I slipped a finger or two into my pussy. I started writhing around on the chair and going back and forth with my fingers from my pussy to my mouth. I'd lick my cum off and get my fingers all lubed up with saliva to penetrate me again. For a while I was using my right hand on my pussy and my left was squeezing my tits, but that didn't last long. As I got really hot, my left hand came up to my mouth for a nice wad of lube and then dove down to my asshole for a little double penetration.

Before I go on, I should tell you that ever since I saw my first pictures of a girl getting double penetrated on the Internet, I have had a huge fantasy for that. Almost every time I masturbated that whole summer I would have both my ass and pussy full of something. Before I went to college I never had a dildo or vibrator, but I found other things to use. That summer I must have shoved a whole garden worth of fruits and vegetable up my ass and pussy. I did corn on the cob, carrots, cucumber (my favorite), bananas (didn't work too well), celery, squash (or zucchini, I don't know which is which), and non-food items like shampoo bottles, candles, flashlights, a TV remote control - anything would do as long as I could feel double penetrated. 

I fantasized about my exhibitionism getting out of control. One fantasy was that I would decide to go driving naked and get pulled over for speeding. There would be two cops who would see me naked and tell me there was one way I could get out of a speeding ticket. I'm sure you can guess what happened next. Another one of my fantasies was that I'd be working out at the gym and I'd try to bench-press too much weight. As the bar came down to rest on my boobs I would use all my strength to keep it from rolling up to my neck and strangling me. While I was lying there struggling with the bar with both hands, a bunch of guys would come over and start making fun of me. I'd be begging for help, but they'd just ridicule me and call me a stupid little slut and a dirty whore and all this horrible stuff. In the fantasy, the gym staff joined in and I was the only girl in the place with about 12 or 15 guys. As I held onto the bar for dear life, the men came over and pulled off my shorts and also their own. Soon there were big hard cocks everywhere. Someone would shove his cock in my mouth and I'd just start sucking it. Another one would start fucking my pussy (which was dripping wet by this point). After a few minutes they'd realize that I was into it and they'd lift the bar off me. After that I just rolled around getting fucked in the ass, pussy, and mouth for hours until each guy was totally satisfied. And (here's the fucked up part), when they were done, they would piss on me, all over me until I was covered from head to toe. And even though I had cum dripping out of my ass and my pussy and I still had some in my mouth, I'd just lie there and roll around on the floor in a giant puddle of urine. 

But that's not even the worst part. I can't believe I'm writing this. I would imagine that I'd open my mouth and they would pee straight into my mouth and I'd swallow it down like water. I'D DRINK IT!! Can you believe that?!? In my fantasy I just got fucked multiple times in multiple holes by 15 men who not only came in and on me, but also then pissed all over me, including in my eager and open mouth; meanwhile, in real life, I'd be lying on my bed with an ear of corn up my ass and a cucumber in my pussy, sucking on a banana like it was a real cock, and cumming so hard my body would shake for 10 minutes after I was done.

But I'm getting off the subject. Where was I? Oh yeah. I was lying in my back yard naked with a few fingers up my ass and a few on my pussy and clit. I was trying to get myself off and put on a good show for my neighbor Mr. Brown at the same time. Mr. Brown was sitting up on his deck, pretending to read the paper, naked, but really watching me and jerking off. So I writhed around on the lounge chair and stuck my feet up in the air and moaned a bit louder than necessary, and finally I was rewarded. I saw Mr. Brown's whole body shudder and he gave his dick a few more good hard pulls and then he just sat back and was still. I, of course, hadn't come yet, so I kept going. Now I more focused on pleasing myself and not performing for him, so I calmed down a little and worked my fingers just right on my clit. One problem.

Just as I was starting to cum, I noticed my mom in the doorway to the kitchen, watching me. I guess I didn't hear the car pull up. I came pretty hard, but it was all weird because I got really nervous about my mom seeing me masturbate. After I came I just stayed there on the chair and didn't move. My mom walked away from the door back into the house. She never said a word about it. She did say that she wished I wouldn't sunbathe nude out back because the neighbors can see from their deck. I told her I'd cover up if anyone came out on their deck. And that was the end of that.

I've written so much and I haven't even gotten to the story I want to tell, yet. Showing off for Mr. Brown was about the sluttiest thing I'd ever done, but it was really all a big secret, so it wasn't good enough for me. I wanted to show off for people who knew I was showing off for them, in a public place (not my own fenced in backyard). The chance came one Saturday night when my friend Tara and I were at the beach. 

Tara is really cool and she's always ready for anything. One weekend that summer we decided to go to the beach for a few days. We got a little beachside motel room and drove down on Friday afternoon. On the way down, I was thinking I would give Tara a little test. When a car full of boys drove by about 40 minutes into the trip, I stood up out the window and totally flashed my tits at them. Tara loved it. A while later we switched and I drove and when I saw another good target, I told Tara to flash them. She did. She then kept flashing and mooning almost every car that drove by. 

We got to the motel at about 10 o'clock and started getting ready to go out. The bars at this beach are pretty fun. I wore a pretty standard outfit for me that summer - short skirt, button down shirt, sexy bra, no panties, and sexy strappy high heel shoes. Tara was wearing a tube top and shorts. She's hot. She's about 5 feet 7 inches and skinny as a rail with nice perky B cup titties and great long legs. We looked good. We went out to a bar we knew of that was fun. I figured that nobody knew me in this town, so if I was ever gonna really get crazy, this was the place.

So we went into the bar and had a few drinks. We were both feeling pretty good when the first group of chicks got up to dance on the bar. This place encouraged girls to dance on the bar and lots of times, they'd flash the guys down in the audience. Tara and I did a few shots and watched the show. The girls were all flashing their tits at everybody. I really wanted to get up there, but I wanted to outdo them.

When some space open up on the bar, I grabbed Tara and climbed on up. We started dancing really sexy, rubbing on each other and stuff, and the crowd loved it. There was probably a 4 to1 ratio of guys to girls and with about seven girls up on the bar, it was almost all men in the crowd. Tara was on my right side and the girl on my left was a big fake boobed, fake blonde, skanked out shore rat. She sure loved to flash the boys though, and they sure loved it when she did. Tara and I both flashed the crowd and got big rounds of applause and hoots and whistles. The loudest they got, though, was when I leaned over and gave her a big wet kiss. We'd never kissed before, but we were drunk enough that it wasn't awkward at all. She kissed me back, hard.

We kept kissing and dancing on the bar and the crowd seemed to be getting a little restless. I decided that we all just had too much clothes on. I slowly unbuttoned my shirt and let it slide off behind the bar. Now I was just dancing in my bra and skirt. I reached over to Tara and pulled off her top. Hers had a built in bra so now she was totally topless. She looked shocked and said, "You too!" Then she reached around behind me and unhooked my bra (which I was hoping she'd do). Now we were both topless. The fake girl on my left wouldn't be outdone, so she took off her top and pretty soon it was looking like a topless bar. We kept dancing and Tara and I kept kissing and playing with each other's tits. The girl on my left (Debbie) came up and started grinding on me and grabbing my tits. It actually felt really good, so I turned around and started feeling hers. FAKE TITS FEEL WEIRD!! It kinda turned me on, though, not that I wasn't turned on already.

After the end of that song, Tara got down behind the bar to get our clothes, but the crowd started chanting, "Take it off! Take it all off! Take it off! Take it all off!" As the next song started, most of the girls got down off the bar, but Debbie just gave me a crazy kind of look and started dancing with me again. We were face to face and she brought her hands down to the top of the back of my skirt. She didn't say anything, but I could feel her undo the button and start unzipping the zipper. She didn't know that I wasn't wearing any panties. If she let go of the skirt, it would fall to the bar, and I'd be standing there completely naked (except for my ultra sexy shoes) in a room full of men all staring up at me. She let go of the skirt.

I think I came before my skirt even hit the bar. When Debbie looked down and saw my shaved pussy instead of underwear, her jaw practically hit the bar, too. The crowd went completely nuts. Guys were screaming and jumping up and down. Some were trying to take pictures with their cell phones. I was loving it. I was totally lost in the moment. I just kicked my skirt down behind the bar and danced over to Debbie. I grabbed her skirt and ripped it off her. She was wearing a sexy little thong. When her skirt fell, she leaned over and gave me a big, deep kiss. Then she pushed me back and dropped to her knees. She crawled over to me on her hands and knees, grabbed my ass with both hands and shoved her face into my glistening wet pussy. She was licking me up and down and trying to stick her tongue all the way up inside me.

At this point, the bartenders decided that we'd gone too far. I guess they didn't want to get busted by the cops. They pulled Debbie and me down behind the bar and said thanks for the show, but that was enough. Tara helped me get dressed again and the bartenders offered to show us the back way out of the bar. One look at the crowd of drooling, drunken men and we accepted the invitation. The three of us snuck out the back of the bar and Tara was just laughing and screaming at me. 

"I can't believe you just did that! You're fucking crazy! Holy shit!" 

"Whatever, babe, you were dancing topless and kissing me." 

"Yeah," she answered, "but you were COMPLETELY FUCKING NAKED WITH YOUR PUSSY FLAPPING IN THE BREEZE!" 

"AND I LOVED IT!!" I screamed. 

Debbie then put her arms around us and asked if we all wanted to go back to her hotel to finish what we started on the bar. I really wanted to. It felt so good when she started licking me. But I was waiting to see what Tara would say. The rest of Debbie's friends came out of the bar and found us. After telling us how crazy and wild we were, they told Debbie to hurry up and follow them to the next bar. Tara and I decided we had had enough, so we just went back and passed out in our room.

Well, that's one of my craziest adventures. Now that I'm older and I've been on a few Spring Breaks, I know that that kind of stuff happens pretty often in some situations (like Spring Break). This one was really special for me, though, because it was my first time that I just got totally naked in a room full of strangers and put on a little show for them. I still get wet thinking about it. So I hope you liked the story. There'll be more.
