Olivia and Sam
bymbtaichi©

Ever since he could remember, Sam had fantasized about showing off his wife to other people. From the very start of their marriage, he had dreamed of showing Olivia off to strangers, both men, and women.

It started on their honeymoon in Tenerife 29 years ago.

Sam couldn't stop himself from becoming hard, as he looked at his 22-year-old wife sunbathing on the beach topless. The idea of other men and women looking at his sexy, 6 ft tall, slim wife lustfully turned him on. Seeing her laying on the towel placed on the dark volcanic sand, wearing just a pair string tied bikini bottoms, the type that adjusted at the front and back by pulling the material along the string to cover as much, or as little of her private parts as required, really turned him on.

Sam would encourage her to reduce the size of the bikini so that only a two-inch strip covered her pussy and pubic mound. Sam, only 23 at the time, had to twist onto his front to hide his hard-on for anyone looking their way.

Sam felt unable to tell his new wife how much it turned him on to see strangers looking at her almost bare body. Maybe Olivia would think him a weirdo or a pervert! It wasn't that he didn't love her. He thought of himself self as a pervert and felt ashamed that he experienced such thoughts. He was conflicted between enjoying watching his wife being looked at and being envious at the same time. It made no sense to him to enjoy something that also enraged him.

Sam had no idea how common these types of fantasies would turn out to be.

Towards the end of their honeymoon, Sam persuaded Olivia to pull her bikini bottoms into only just cover her pubic hair. Allowing most of her freshly shaven mound to be exposed. The view of Olivia sunbathing with her pussy barely covered exited Sam.

As Olivia fell asleep later that day, Sam took the opportunity to walk along the beach. Having a swim as well. As he returned walking towards where Olivia lay on her towel, he noticed that as people walked by her, some of them would stare at her, looking backward as they went by. He liked the idea of strangers looking at her near nude body, he wasn't at all surprised that her long slim body would cause people to take a second glance at her.

As Sam approached Olivia, Sam noticed that she had turned onto her side. With the top leg pulled up to a right angle, and the other out straight, giving anyone passing a great view of her ass, as the back of her bikini had been pulled crack of her ass exposing her buttocks. Sam stood back admiring his wife's ass exposed for all to see. He couldn't help the feeling a sense of pride seeing her sleeping completely oblivious of how sexy she looked.

As Sam picked up his towel to from beside Olivia, she shifted and opened her eyes.

"Tired?" Sam asked softly.

"A little bit, this hot weather makes me sleepy," Olivia replied, rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

Olivia stretched her arm over her head lifting her 36C breasts high on her chest, giving a head-turning view to anyone who could see her. Olivia had no idea what a show she was putting on with such a simple action. In fact, if she did, she would probably cover herself over with a towel, or put her T-shirt back on as at the time she was still very self-conscious.

Looking up at Sam, Olivia asked," Is the sea cold?".

"No, it's really warm, you should go for a swim," Sam replied.

"Maybe later," came her reply.

Olivia turned fully onto her back lifting her head onto her beach bag using it as a pillow. Bending her left leg at the knee, she allowed her leg to drop to the side. This caused her bikini to pull to the side, exposing just a small part of her pussy lip. Sam's eyes nearly fell out of his head at the sight in front of him. Oliva had no idea that part of her most intimate area was exposed for the world to see.

As he used the towel to dry himself, Sam noticed a group of young men walking by looking their way. One member of the group nudged another, nodding his head towards Olivia. This caused the group to stop and look as they stared at Olivia's partially exposed pussy. Sam smiled inwardly, knowing the sight they were witnessing. After realizing that Sam was watching them, they continued down the beach, looking back for one last glance at Olivia's pussy.

Sam realized that they must have thought that he was annoyed seeing them looking at his wife. In fact, quite the reverse was true, it turned him on, knowing that they had seen Olivia's partially exposed pussy.

Should he tell her the bikini had pulled to the side? Or sit down and enjoy the show? In his heart, he knew that he should tell Olivia to cover up, but his hardening cock was telling him otherwise.

Sam sat down next to Olivia, as he did so Olivia straightened out her leg but kept her feet apart, still leaving part of her pussy and mound exposed. The bikini bottoms only just covering the thin strip of pubic hair left above her pussy.

As he sat next to Olivia, Sam put on his sunglasses, got out his book, but instead of reading it, he used it to cover the growing bulge in his shorts. Using the sunglasses to hide his eyes, Sam watched passers-by looking at his wife's almost naked body as she sunbathed. He felt guilty! He didn't understand why he enjoyed having her body on view for the world to see. It made no sense they'd only been married for a week! He loved her, but couldn't deny the arousal he felt seeing her being looked at by the men and some women that obviously wanted to fuck her. It gave him a sense of power, knowing that he could have her but they couldn't. The idea of other men touching her caused, waves of jealousy to flood through his veins, But, at the same time, he couldn't deny how much it turned him on! This was crazy. How could he be jealous and turned on at the same time?

All too soon Olivia sat up, "I'm hungry, shall we go?" She asked.

"I guess so," Sam reluctantly agreed.

As they packed up their thing to go Olivia asked, "What's up?".

"What do you mean?" Sam replied.

"You're very quiet, is there something wrong? "Olivia asked, looking concerned.

"No, I was just thinking about you on the beach topless," Sam replied laughing.

"Did you mine me sunbathing topless?" Olivia asked softly.

"No, l loved the view," Sam replied.

"Pervert," Olivia joked slapping him on the shoulder.

You have no idea Sam thought to himself.

Once they reached their hotel room, Olivia threw her bag onto the bed. "I need a shower," she said removing her clothes. Once naked she walked towards the bathroom, turning to look at Sam's reaction as she went.

Seeing Sam admire her long legs and pert ass as she walked away from him, Olivia smiled to herself, knowing the effect her naked ass would have on him.

Sam had always loved her ass.

While still watching Sam, Olivia bent forward to pick up her discarded bikini bottoms, this afforded Sam the perfect view of her pussy. He could see the little pink bud of her ass and shaved lips of her pussy, which were glistening with moisture. Olivia smiled back at Sam, she could see the effect she was having on him as Sam's swimming shorts started to tent at the front. Laughing as she went Olivia entered the bathroom.

Sam could hear the shower being turned on as he removed his shorts. With a growing cock, he walked into the bathroom.

Seeing Olivia standing in the walk-in shower with her back to him, he stepped into the shower, stood behind her and reached around her body to cup her breasts. Olivia leaned back into him feeling his now fully erect cock rubbing against her ass. A moan escaped her lips as she pushed her ass back into him, enjoying the feel of his now fully erect cock pushing between her ass cheeks. Sam ran one hand down across her flat stomach until he touched her slit. Olivia pushed further back into him, spreading out her leg slightly to allow him to reach between her legs.

Sam Could feel how wet her pussy already was. Using his middle finger, he gently started to rub along the full length of her pussy.

"That's nice," Olivia moaned.

Sam began to insert the first one, then two fingers into her pussy, moving them around inside of her as he knew she liked. Olivia pushed her ass back even harder into his cock. Olivia leaned back into Sam enjoying the feel of his fingers inside her.

After a couple of minutes, Olivia turned around to kiss Sam, as she did so she reached down taking hold of his cock. Their kiss became ever more passionate. As their tongues explored each other's mouths Olivia began to slowly stroke Sam's cock.

Sam couldn't stop thinking about how Olivia had unknowingly been exposed on the beach, his excitement becoming ever more heightened as he thought about other men seeing her partially exposed pussy.

Forcing his thoughts back to the present, Sam bent forward, taking Olivia's left breast into his lip. With her already hard nipple growing as he twirled his tongue about it, then gently biting the nipple between his teeth. Olivia moaned, she'd always had very sensitive nipples and love to have them sucked and bitten. Olivia began to stroke Sam's cock faster the more excited she became. Sam switched to the right breast cupping the other in his hand rubbing the nipple between his fingers. Using his other free hand Sam cupped her ass, pulling her closer to him.

Feeling himself nearing orgasm, Sam stated, "We should get to the bedroom."

"Ok," Olivia agreed. Being so tall she found sex in the shower restrictive and uncomfortable.

Once in the bedroom, Olivia lay back onto the bed, lifting her knees and opening her legs to tease Sam with an unrestricted view of her pussy. Once more, the thought of other men seeing this view popped into his mind. Why am I having these thoughts and feelings? She's my wife! Sam felt guilty for having such thoughts. He didn't understand where they came from. All the same, his excitement was undeniable.

Snapping back to reality Sam looked at Olivia laying ready for him, he knelt down onto the floor at her feet looking straight up at her pussy, the thin line of her pubic hair leading his eye to her erect nipples showing her arousal. Sam leaned forward, licking his way up the inside of Olivia's thigh, towards her wet pussy. Olivia opened her legs wider, invitingly. Sam loved giving oral sex as much as Olivia loved receiving it. As he reached her pussy Sam breathed in the aroma of Olivia's now very wet pussy, her pussy smelled almost as sweet as it tasted. He leaned in running his tongue along the entire length of her slit from the tail end of her slit to the top ending at her clitoris. As Sam began to swirl his tongue around Olivia's clit, Olivia moaned with delight.

Olivia placed her hands on the back of Sam's head, pulling him into her pussy, pushing her hips forward at the same time increasing the pressure on her clit. Sam started to move his head from side to side while he flicked Olivia's clit with his tongue, sensing Olivia's orgasm building Sam moved lower to insert his tongue into her pussy. Olivia began to moan loader loving the attention her pussy was receiving, grinding her pussy into Sam's face.

Suddenly, Olivia pushed Sam away as she reached climax, her clit always becoming too sensitive to touch during orgasm.

As Sam joined her on the bed, lying beside her. Olivia turned to look at Sam leaned in to kiss him, tasting herself on his lips. Sam forced his tongue into her mouth as their kiss became more passionate. He enjoyed the way Olivia seemed to love the taste of her own pussy after oral sex.

Pulling away Olivia raised herself onto her knees positioning herself to the side of Sam's hips.

"Your turn now," she stated, looking down into Sam's eyes smiling.

As Olivia leaned forward, taking Sam's cock in her hand, Sam raised his arm above his head, slightly spreading his legs at the same time. Olivia started to slowly stroke his cock studying Sam's face, enjoying the pleasure she was giving him. She leaned forward, placing her tongue to the tip of his cock, tasting the pre-cum already there. Looking into Sam's eye Olivia ran her tongue along the full length of his cock starting at the base slowly lifting her head until she reached the tip. Still looking into Sam's eyes, she opened her mouth, slowly taking Sam's cock into her mouth. Starting with just the head, slowly lowering head until she had all of his 6-inch cock in her mouth. She then started to give the best blow job she had ever given. Repeatedly swirling her tongue around the head of his cock then lowering her head onto his cock gently sucking.

Sam, enjoying the attention his cock was receiving closed his eyes with pleasure. Olivia used one hand to hold his cock and the other to cup his balls. He loved the feeling of having his balls played with. Sam pushed his hips forward as Olivia moved from his cock to start licking his balls, opening his legs wider lifting his knees up to allow her greater access to his balls. Olivia raised herself onto all fours binging her knee towards Sam's face, this allowed her to lower her head down between his legs running her tongue down the full length of his balls. Olivia had never run her tongue down this far before, the sensation of her tongue nearly reaching his ass almost sent Sam over the edge.

Olivia pulled away looking at Sam, seeing the disappointment on his face, she asked, "do you like that?"

"God, yes," Sam answered.

Olivia again lowered her head between Sam's legs and started to lick her way down his balls, this time Olivia continued until her tongue flicked Sam's ass hole, waves of pleasure shot through his body. As Olivia started to explore his ass with her tongue, Sam raises his hips to allow her greater access. Sam would never have thought that having his ass licked could feel this good. The sensation was mind blowing. Pulling his cheeks apart to gain greater access. Olivia alternated between circling and flicking his ass hole with her tongue. Sam felt the pressure of her tongue grow as she pushed the tip into his ass, causing his body to shake with ecstasy.

All too soon Olivia moved back to Sam's cock, taking the full length into her mouth. Sam opened his eyes looking up at Olivia's pussy as she had now lifted her leg over his head into a sixty-nine position. He reached up running his fingers through her very wet pussy lips. Olivia moaned on his cock as he inserted a finger into her pussy. Sam was amazed at how wet and open she was, licking his ass seemed to turn her on as much as him! He pushed a second finger into her pussy giving her even more pleasure. Slowly he started to finger fuck Olivia.

As he saw his fingers moving in and out of Olivia's pussy Sam was taken aback as he began to think that it was another man's cock.

What the hell was wrong with him?

His wife of only one week was giving him the best blow job of his life and he couldn't help imagining her getting fucked at the same time by another cock.

Sam felt both guilty and unbelievably turned on by these thoughts. How could he ever explain these thoughts to Olivia?

Olivia thankfully stopped the blow job before his imagination caused him to cum too quickly.

Repositioning herself to straddle Sam's hips, Olivia took Sam's his cock in her hand guiding it towards her wet pussy. She slowly lowers herself onto him. Sam loved the way her pussy felt, warm and very wet. Olivia started to slowly raise and lower herself on his cock as she leaned forward to kiss Sam.

"Fuck me," Olivia suddenly said.

Sam was shocked, Olivia had never talked like this before during sex. In some ways, Olivia was very conservative. Finding it hard to fully let herself go during sex.

Encouraging her darker side Sam said, "say it again."

"Fuck me hard," Olivia whispered into his ear.

Sam dutifully pushed his hips up hard as Olivia lowered herself onto his cock. A load escaped her lips as he started to fuck her harder. Olivia sat up straight taking the full length of his cock into her pussy, leaning back, giving Sam a great view of his cock going in and out of her pussy. Sam observed as she fucked him, watching his cock glistening with moisture as Oliva rode him. Again, Sam imagined seeing some other man's cock glistening with her pussy juices while he fucked her.

He almost came thinking about such a view!

Sam reached up with both hands, taking Olivia's nipples between his fingers, rubbing and squeezing them, building up the pressure as she rode his cock. Olivia leaned forward, placing her erect nipples in Sam's mouth, who dutifully started to suck on her nipples alternating between her tits. Olivia moaned with pleasure, loving having her tits being sucked as they fucked.

Sam started to push his cock harder into Olivia's pussy as she lowered herself onto him, building up speed the closer he came to orgasm. Looking down between them, he watched as Olivia's pussy lips seemed to stick to his cock as they fucked.

Again, Sam imagined another cock fucking her.

"What is wrong with me?" He thought to try to rid himself of these thoughts.

The thought of another man fucking his wife sent Sam over the edge, "I'm going to do," he told Olivia.

"I want to feel you come inside me," Olivia answered.

Sam was amazed at hearing his normally reserved wife speak like this, as she normally doesn't speak very much during sex. Maybe she also enjoyed being topless on the beach, allowing strangers to see her exposed tits. At least that is what he hoped.

Olivia leaned forward to kiss Sam, while forcing her pussy down harder onto his cock. Sam felt his balls tighten as he started to cum in her pussy, moaning as his whole body began to shake as his orgasm took over. Olivia could feel him coming in her pussy.

As he shot several loads into her, Olivia was amazed at how much cum she felt entering her pussy, he had never cum this hard or this much before. As she raised and lowered herself on his cock, the noise of their combined juices squelching in her pussy brought on her second orgasm. Moaning Olivia bent forward to kiss Sam.

Smiling Olivia raised herself off of Sam's cock, Sam watched as their combined juices escaped her pussy falling onto his belly.

"Did you enjoy that?" Olivia whipped into his ear, already knowing the answer from the look on Sam's face.

"Yes, very much," Sam replied breathlessly.

Olivia lay beside Sam, throwing her leg over him to snuggle up against him.

Sam feeling guilty about the thoughts he had been having all-day cuddled her back.

How could he explain to her that the thought of strangers seeing her exposed, and even touching her turned him on so much?

Would she still love him?

Would she think that he didn't love her?

All these thoughts ran through his mind as they fell asleep in each other's arms.

