"You want me to use you?" Scott growled.
"Absolutely, darling. As only you can."
Scott reached up to take down the showerhead from its mount, running the spraying water over both himself and Emma to rinse off the soap suds they'd left on each other's body. Normally, he'd use shampoo, but he'd been told that at least once a week, it was best to do without.
He gently prodded at Emma's body, making her turn around to let him wash her off, and noticed that she went along with his touch eagerly. Then he replaced the showerhead and shut off the tap.
"Come with me," he said, picking up his towel and quickly drying himself off.
"I hope to," Emma quipped, picking up her own towel and daubing it over her body.
This was usually the part where he would shave, but he could put up with a little stubble for the rest of the day. Between Kurt, Hank, and Logan, he doubted anyone would begrudge him some facial hair. Scott put his visor back on and dressed hurriedly, trying not to glance at Emma as he did. One wrong look and it would be impossible to fit into his pants.
"Getting dressed?" Emma asked. "That's not the direction I hoped this was going in."
"You don't have to," Scott told her.
Emma preened at herself in the mirror. No one knew how perfect she looked better than her. "You're right. I don't."
Scott dressed simply. White tee, brown twill utility jacket, slacks, white socks, trainers. Emma made no move to dress herself, instead combing her hair and applying make-up. It took surprisingly little time. Then he put his hand on her upper arm and led her out into the living room of his quarters. He pushed her down to her knees.
"On all fours," he told her, and Emma willingly finished lowering herself to the floor.
"Is this where you use me?" she asked him. "Right here? On the floor?"
"Yes, Emma." Scott sat down in the easy chair beside her, putting his feet up onto her naked back. "That's exactly where I want you."
Emma simmered, already grinding her teeth, but before she could say anything, Betsy came in from the kitchen. She wore only a tea apron around her waist, while holding up a breakfast tray in front of her chest. Otherwise, she was completely naked.
 _This,_ Scott told himself, _is getting ridiculous._

"A proper English breakfast for a proper gentleman," Betsy chirped. "And, when you're through being a gentleman..." She noticed Emma literally under Scott's feet. "Oh. And people say you don't know how to relax." She tittered. "You're very good for him, Emma. Before you, I don't think Scott knew how to put his feet up..."
"Enough," Scott enunciated firmly. "Could one of you connect me to the conference?"
"I would be happy to, my dove," Betsy said, coming over to sit on the armrest of Scott's chair. She held the breakfast tray out to him. "Here. Eat. You need to keep your strength up."
"Why?" Emma groused. "He doesn't seem to be using it..."

Cable was running Cerebro, connecting the minds of various X-Men team leaders into one meeting regardless of physical location. He set it in a desert, though thankfully he left the environment only visual. Scott didn't feel any of its heat or dryness as he manifested there, wearing his Cyclops costume as a matter of form. The others were also in uniform: Wolverine, Beast, Banshee, Forge, Iceman, Nightcrawler, and Emma, who left no way of knowing that she was in reality naked, crouched on the ground as Scott's footrest.
Scott noted that neither Jean or Storm were present. It wasn't uncommon for an X-Man to miss this psychic check-in, but neither of the women were on assignment, and it wasn't like either of them to not show up. Scott could only console himself by thinking that if something were the matter, he didn't know anyone better able to handle themselves than the two of them.
Betsy appeared last, though not in the abbreviated costume that'd gotten her so much of Scott's attention over the years. Instead, she wore high-waisted white dress pants and a white blazer, with no shirt underneath. Unbuttoned at the top and bottom, the jacket exposed her belly button and much of her cleavage.
"Isn't that one of my outfits?" Emma asked, crossing her arms—again, showing no sign that she was in the middle of a submissive sex game with Scott.
"Maybe we should learn to share," Betsy said, herself giving no hint that she and Emma were really in the same room, with only one small apron as clothing between them.
Mentally Scott cleared his throat, though physically he was going through the motions of eating breakfast—managing the two layers of reality at this point like walking and chewing gum at the same time to him. "Emma, I think Betsy can wear what she likes, considering it is only a mental projection."
Emma pursed her lips in a pout. "Perhaps. I just think it a shame that such a lovely girl wears something that looks better on me."
"I'll try not to wear anything that looks better on you then," Betsy fired right back.
In the real world, Scott reached out and petted Betsy's thigh soothingly. "Let's focus on the issue at hand. Slow news day for the X-Men, which is a good day, but Alex has brought something to my attention that I want to stay on top of..."
As he ate in reality, his personage on the astral plane filled in the team on all that had happened with Alex and Lorna, gauging the X-Men's reactions while he did. If someone were overly upset, it could speak to a personal issue. As would someone being unconcerned. But everyone seemed to be feeling about the right amount of offense at one of their own being victimized. Not enough to fly off the handle and make the situation worse, but definitely appreciating the gravity of the situation. He could rely on any of them to have his back if they were needed.
"Think we'll need the whole team for this, one-eye?" Logan asked, half-joking.
"No need for a full-court press just yet. I wouldn't want to escalate the situation."
"If they're going after the family of the leader of the X-Men, that's plenty escalation already. We don't respond, we look weak."
"And how do we look if we send a death squad in there to stomp around like the Punisher?" Scott shook his head. "I'll go. It's a personal matter, I should handle it."
"Logan is right, though," Betsy said. "This could get _very_ big."
And as she said it, Betsy leaned in towards Scott in the real world, stroking his cock through his pants. Her blue eyes shimmered as she squeezed his prick with one hand, his balls with the other. Emma watched them, her pussy beginning to throb.
"What are you—" Scott began, but cut himself off. With his control slipping, he didn't trust himself to speak in the real world without letting something out in the psychic meeting.
 _That's why we're a team,_ Emma teeped, as she slipped out from under Scott's feet and went to join Betsy. They were kneeling on either side of Scott now, undoing his fly and pulling aside the layers of clothing in the way to get to his growing erection. Emma leaned over Scott's lap, running her moist pink tongue over his cockhead. _To deal with big things._

She let Betsy go next, watching excitedly as Betsy's tongue followed the saliva she'd left on Scott's manhood. Reaching across Scott's legs, she ran her hand underneath Betsy's tea apron and petted her firm thighs.
Hank 'spoke up' next, his teeping thoughts clear and distinguished. _If this is to be an investigation, then it seems to me a telepath is in order. They could detect the guilt right from the perpetrator's mind. A simple, two-man job._
Betsy eyed Emma, as if she were acting for Emma's benefit as she opened her mouth and lowered it over the swollen knob of Scott's erection. She softly mewled as half of Scott's prick went into her mouth, Emma watching imperiously while those kissing lips stretched around her man's member. Betsy struggled to take more of Scott's ample erection into her mouth, but she had to gag and gurgle to do it. Emma grinned: Betsy was struggling admirably to take more and more.
 _Then it's decided,_ Emma sent in the mental meeting. Despite herself, it was exciting her to watch another woman take Scott's prick into her mouth. Ripples of desire were going through her body. She swayed, thinking she might make herself come from watching Betsy choke herself on Scott's copious manhood. _I'll accompany Scott to root out our malefactors. We'll make a day of it._
 __
Emma reached out to Betsy's toned ass, digging her fingers into the girthy flesh. Betsy, her small mouth filled by Scott's hardness, whimpered and looked at Emma encouragingly. Scott looked down at both of them, watching with a kind of double vision as the two women competed over his prick, while trying not to let his attention wander too far from the meeting he was supposedly leading.
Tapping her fingers on Betsy's ass, Emma looked up to Scott and his composed yet straining face. "Poor Scott. It's so _hard_ being the leader, isn't it? I don't think any of the X-Men know the pressure you're under..."
 _Emma is headmistress,_ Betsy sent mentally. _I'm not sure we can afford to lose both her and Scott. Perhaps someone else could be found..._

"You bitch," Emma muttered, moving her lips to the base of Scott's prick as Betsy slurped at his knob. "I think I'm getting to like you..."
Sliding her tongue along Scott's cock, Emma ran it up to lap at Betsy's stretched lips, then down to Scott's balls, eying Betsy's wet lips as she eagerly sucked. She wanted to be ready when Scott orgasmed, to get her own helping of his cum. There was no way Betsy could take it all...
 _Jean?_ Cable suggested. _She and Scott always have worked well together..._
 __
 _Then again,_ Emma teeped, _I'm sure Scott wouldn't want to be accused of playing favorites..._
 __
Betsy worked, with growing hunger, to get as much of Scott's cock into her mouth as she could, even as Emma's cheeks were bloated out by his balls. It was like they were trying to meet in the middle, divide all of Scott's manhood between their two mouths.
Betsy reached out to return Emma's touch, pushing her hand between Emma's legs, pressing against Emma's cunt until the blonde cooed ecstatically. Still sucking on Scott's balls, Emma got her own hand under Betsy's apron, working a finger into the other woman's tight pussy. Their eyes blazed as they looked at each other, now trying to get one another off as much as they were trying to make Scott come.
 _I could go,_ Betsy teeped. _Scott and I would be very professional._

 _Professional what, I wonder?_ Emma sent back, wearing an arrogant smirk that left the X-Men no clue her mouth was really wrapped around a man's scrotum.
Emma and Betsy looked at each other again. No words passed between them, no mental messages, but they knew it was time to finish Scott off. Both coming up to his potently throbbing cockhead, they sucked at it in turn. Betsy would suck the swollen knob while Emma went slightly lower, kissing and licking the shaft underneath. Then Betsy would come off of his helmet, letting Emma replace her, tightening her lips around Scott's cockhead while Betsy smacked her lips on the other side. Together, they suckled at his cockhead so thoroughly that their splayed lips met, as if they were kissing each other right through Scott's member.
Scott dug his fingers into the armrests of his chair, wiggling and writhing, unable even to moan for fear it would translate to his psychic projection. He looked down, meeting Betsy and Emma's erotic gazes. They slipped his cockhead back and forth between their lips, pitching their warm mouths down over his member for a few satisfying gulps before letting the other woman have a go. From the look in Emma's eyes, she could tell he didn't have much more resistance in him.
 _I'll consider my options,_ Scott teeped. _For now, Forge, get the X-Jet ready. I'll see to things around the mansion, try to depart by noon._

Emma sucked harder and faster at his prick, throating it when it was her turn, but coming off Scott's erection when his throbbing was at its hardest. She wanted Scott to come in Betsy's mouth, to see what Betsy's reaction would be. If Psylocke had the whorish response that Emma thought she would, it would open up a whole new world for her. There were all sorts of things Emma and Scott could do once they were sharing not just each other's bodies, but Betsy's as well.
Scott twisted his hips around, letting out a gratified groan as he closed the psychic connection, the meeting at an end. " _Uuhh!_ You hot little whores... I thought I'd just got done disciplining you..."
Emma lifted her mouth from Scott's cock, offering it instead to Betsy's waiting lips. "Whores is right," Emma laughed, watching Betsy stuff her mouth full of Scott's swollen cockhead. "You'll never teach us not to be cock-hungry sluts... we just love fucking you too goddamn much."
Scott leaned back in his chair, collaring his hands in Emma and Betsy's hair, holding the two of them tightly as they attended to his surging erection. "Jesus... Jesus Christ... it's a good thing I'm only taking one of you... two of you would kill me."
"Us kill you?" Emma asked. "Have you seen the size of that thing we're expected to swallow? Talk about a choking hazard..."
" _Gkkrh!_ " Betsy was struggling again with Scott's size, the formidable girth of his erection.
Emma put her hand on the back of Betsy's head and pressed her down on Scott's manhood, 'helping' her accept his length all the way into her mouth, down her throat. She watched intently as Betsy shuddered, not just taking Scott's prick but also Emma's fingers in her gripping sex. Emma was very interested to see how Betsy took Scott's cum when they gave her that too.
Scott tightened his grip on Betsy's purple hair and began prying her away from his manhood. "Emma, you take it. I think you deserve a reward for sharing so nicely."
Emma demurred, shaking her head. "I want Betsy to have it. I know what your cum tastes like. I can't wait to see Betsy find out..."
Scott put both hands on Betsy's head, preparing to fuck her face, a fact Betsy was well-aware of from the fearful, thrilled look in her eyes. "You really are on your best behavior, Frost. Keep it up."
Emma smirked at him. "I _always_ keep it up, Scott. Even when there's _all that_ to keep up." Then she sent him a burst of psychic messaging that was almost climactic itself. _Give it to her now, my love. She's worried she can't take it all, but believe me, the little slag most definitely CAN!_

Holding Betsy's head firmly in place, Scott drove his hips upward, thrusting all of his swollen cock into Betsy's narrow throat. Then, groaning in rapture, he came.
Betsy's eyes were already wide when Scott impaled her throat, but they nearly bulged from their sockets when he spurted his thick, decadent cum into her throat. It flooded the passage, backing up into her mouth and filling that as well, her cheeks bulging out as if Scott's cock hadn't already stuffed her mouth enough.
Emma could sense Betsy's confusion—she wasn't used to being inundated this way, and Scott's cum escaped the seal of her lips, running down her chin. Then Betsy's eyes glazed over in pleasure. Emma saw Betsy's slender throat working, could tell she was swallowing Scott's seed in ecstasy.
Emma leaned over to lick up the rivers of cum that had trailed down Betsy's jaw, mewling with delight as she shared in the taste. Then, as Scott's cock throbbed for the last time, Emma pulled it away from Betsy's mouth and caught the dregs of his ejaculation on her face.
Betsy's mouth gaped as she watched semen cover Emma's beautiful face; her tight pussy clenched around Emma's buried fingers and she came. Emma rammed her middle fingers into Betsy's sex, forcing even more of an orgasm out of her while Scott rained cum down on her face.
Scott fell back, his breathing harsh. Emma kissed Betsy, letting the Asian have another taste of Scott's cream. She turned her head to the side as Betsy lapped up the cum from her cheek.
"Now _that's_ a hot shower," she purred.
Betsy savored the cum she'd tasted on Emma's perfect face. "But no more putting us off, Scott. You're too decisive not to know already."
"One of many charming qualities," Emma put in, eyeing his flagging erection.
"Who are you taking with you?" Betsy demanded.
"Yes, Scott." Emma put herself cheek to cheek with Betsy, smearing the cum from her face onto Betsy's. "Which one of us gets to ride with you?"