Kate's Unfortunate Series of Events
by mrsalpaca 

PART 6

I wasn't actually sure what I thought was worse.

1) That I was forced to serve a bunch of annoying idiots, younger than me, whom I'm supposed to be in charge of, while wearing nothing but a pair of navy blue lingerie.

2) That it took every ounce of willpower for me to stop rubbing my legs together. I was hungry for even a tiny bit of delicious friction to soothe the urge to cum after being worked up and denied relief.

3) That it had not even been a few minutes and I had already soaked this new pair of panties. It frustrated me to no end that my body kept reacting to these situations and the boys could all clearly see how damp the bulge my lips made in my lingerie.

I tried to keep my legs tight together the best I could, but it was just plain obvious that they could see how wet I was.

4) That I was not able to know what the boys had planned or what was going to happen next.



They surprised me once again today.

I had expected to come out of my room wearing my new outfit (or rather lack of outfit) and immediately be forced to do something filthy.

Instead, they just told me to get on with the rest of the day's chores while they continued their pizza feast and video game tournament.

Of course, I didn't complain at all hearing this news because less attention was better.. only I was still pretty unnerved because I knew something was up.

Despite my worries, the boys were actually fairly tame with me. Sure, they did mildly annoying and humiliating things like snapping my bra strap, tugging on my panties, tapping/pinching my bottom, or making me pick stuff up in front of them. But compared to everything that had already happened, I managed to get much of my work done while holding onto at least a bit of my dignity for once.

If you could call it that, considering all I had on was a pair of very revealing matching navy blue lingerie.

Maybe I would be able to finish all my assigned chores and they'll let me rest in privacy for the rest of the day…

*CRASH*


I sighed.

If only I could be so lucky.

"Hey Kate! Looks like I spilled some of these dirty soda cups off the sink counter, would you be a sweetheart and clean them up for me?" Todd smiled.

My face was devoid of emotion and I made no comment as I paused my washing of dishes to bend over with a rag to clean up the spill.

While I stacked the cups, I could so distinctly feel his eyes on me.. on my body.. on my bottom. Pervert, he did this on purpose!

It must have been such a sight for him because I sensed that he even moved over behind me onto his knees for a better angle. The longer it took me to clean the mess up, the more my face became heated knowing he was straight up ogling my bottom and what came underneath.

I was so sure he could see better than anyone else how my body was reacting to this. I was so conflicted at the possibilities of my previous revelation. I didn't want to be turned on by being humiliated but I just kept reacting to it.



As I finished cleaning and was about to stand up to put the cups into the sink, Todd gave me a sharp slap behind me on the area between my bottom and crotch.

I yelped out in surprise.

In a matter of seconds, Todd went from delightfully admiring my bottom to grabbing the side of my navy blue lingerie panties and pulling them to the side. Then, he followed by pushing something hard and round inside me. The entire day's activities had left me already so wet and the object slid inside easily, leaving me with an uncomfortably full feeling in my pussy.

I shrieked out of instinct at the sudden violation and immediately turned around to strike him.

But before I could, I felt a sudden single strong vibration come from deep inside me that completely ruined any motor control I had.

I jumped up and fell forward onto my hands and knees in my shock.


"WHAT DID YOU JUST PUT INSIDE ME?!"


I could hear laughter coming from the rest of the boys in the living room as just after finishing my exclamation, another single strong vibration tore through my body.

"YOU BASTAR.. AGHHHH!" My voice was cut off by yet another vibration.

"We're so happy you've been so productive today Kate! We still don't understand why you always wore baggy clothing, you could get heat stroke! Your new outfit is much better at letting you work more efficiently.

But watching you this entire time has made us sad, you clearly look so bored doing all of this service and we feel guilty."


HMMPH, I thought.


"So, to make your job a little bit more enjoyable.. and for us too.. we decided to give you a gift! Just a very personal one." explained Mitch.

I looked down and could see something poking out of my pussy underneath my panties. I was about to pull my panties out to see what it was, but was stopped by another vibration.

"I'm sure you know what it is, but we'll let you figure out what it looks like later. For now, keep on with your chores." Ryan laughed.

******


It might have been enjoyable for them to watch me deal with this new “gift”, but this device DID NOT make it enjoyable for me.

For one, it made all my chores hugely more difficult.


Lift a t-shirt to fold? BUZZZ.

Empty a wastebasket? BUZZZ.

Reach to dust a faraway shelf? BUZZZ.

Bend over to pick up a dirty sock? BUZZZ.

Just stand still? BUZZZ.


The boys kept their distance but everytime they pressed a button on their remote, I could hear snickers around the corner when another single strong vibration tore through me.

They were enjoying my torment!

Not only were chores harder to do, but the device they put inside me aggravated my already sensitive pussy. I knew I needed to cum so bad but I also knew that I really wanted to avoid it.

I didn't want to cum in front of them again.

I didn't want to cum because they told me I'd be punished if I did without their permission.

I didn't even want to know what that entailed if it was worse than this!

I shuddered, slammed my eyes closed, and my face made a grimace as yet another vibration came and went.

I was so close but I was fighting every step of the way.

Several times already I had been brought to the edge, my hand holding myself between my legs as if it would do anything to hold back the surges of pleasure coursing through me.

They could tell the effect this all had on me.

My face was completely flushed, I was breathing hard, I was slightly sweaty, and I moved around at a ridiculously slow pace.

BUZZZ.


AHHH, I just want it to stop!

I think I had experienced at least three dozen separate strong vibrations and I knew I'd lose my concentrated efforts if I was struck with only a few more.

I wanted release, but every new wave of sensation brought both fear and pleasure. Each brought me closer to what I wanted and what I didn't want. I wanted to touch myself so badly but I didn't want to cum.. not yet! I wanted more, but I didn't want to be punished. I had to keep being a good girl for them.

However, every vibration stirred me on and made the agony of not yet cumming so much worse.

These were the only things on my mind.

I was going to break soon.

My legs couldn't stop trembling while I tried my best to reach a dusty window frame.


BUZZZ. BUZZZ. BUZZZ.


I fell down onto my knees as three strong vibrations followed after each other in succession. I couldn't stop shaking.

I closed my eyes in shame.

This was it.

I was going to cum soon and I couldn't stop it. I was going to get punished..

*YANK*


"Wait what are yo-" I shrieked as my arm was suddenly pulled to the dining room.

Everything happened so quickly.

I saw that all five of the boys were seated as an audience on one side of the dining table.

My knees were so weak in my current state that I could do nothing but be dragged and then lifted onto the edge of the table.

"Have you had enough fun, Kate? Looks like you aren't able to do chores anymore." Ryan mocked.

"Keep being a good girl and lay on your back for us." Mitch ordered.

My head felt so dizzy that I couldn't think of any comeback or complaint. I did as they said and laid myself on the table with the audience of these younger boys directly in front of me.

I was sure they could see every detail of my dripping wet slit beneath my panties. It was clear of the effect the torture of doing chores with a vibrator buzzing had on me.

Mitch and Ryan both stood up from their chairs, each grabbing a side of the waistband on my navy blue panties. I looked both of them directly in the eyes in fear as they slowly tugged the sodden pair down and off my smooth legs.

Then, they pulled my legs to either side and let my feet rest on the edge of the table.



The view must have been more glorious than before as all I could hear were gasps.

My freshly shaven pussy was on view for their pleasure once again.

I wanted to cry.

They could tell I was very aroused, my vulva was spread open and they could see very much.

The cold air mixed with my dampness, making me shiver which only further reminded me of how slick I had become.

I could again feel the rush of heat and humiliation on my face.

I was so wet and overheated.


Instead of choosing to look at their reactions, I could finally look down to see what exactly they had put inside me.

It was a rabbit vibrator, one end was buried agonizingly deep inside me while a small end branched out and rubbed against my clitoris.

Sure, I experimented with things like hairbrush handles or toothbrushes - but I had never felt anything as full as this device.

WHERE DID THEY EVEN GET THIS?!

I died a little inside realizing they planned this from the start of today.



"You've been enjoying this haven't you? Are you getting off at being forced to do chores with a toy like this inside of you?" Mitch teased.

I watched as both twins briefly made eye contact with each other, then nodded to the other three boys.

In all but a few seconds, my arms were held up and restrained above my head. Both my legs were being held wide by a boy each.

I was completely vulnerable and this position gave me flashbacks to the experience of being shaved by grandpa on the coffee table. All I had left on was my navy blue lacy lingerie bra.

I was so upset that I was in this predicament again.



Ryan moved forward and I observed him in anxiety as his hand leisurely reached towards the end of the vibrator. He had a very mischievous smile on his face, looking me directly in the eyes as he grasped it. Then, he began to slowly push it in and out of my pussy with ease.

“Please stop, this is enough. You have all seen enough. Don't push that any more inside me.. Just let me have a little bit of rest, please don’t touch me there!” I pleaded.

My heavy breathing started to pick up again.

In response, Mitch pressed a different button on the remote that started a steady medium vibration instead of the single, strong vibrations from before.

"Noo..oo!" I moaned.

The boys all roared with laughter at my weak attempts to convince them.


“You say you don’t want this, but your body says differently. Look at how wet you are, Kate.

Look how you are absolutely dripping onto the table.

Do you really get off at being humiliated like this?

Do you get off at having your body and most private area exposed to a bunch of boys whom you can do nothing against?

Barely a young woman and here you are, with your legs spread so lewdly, showing off your aroused vagina. We can see everything!

Did you ever imagine you would be in this position, being fucked slowly with a toy such as this in front of an audience? We don’t believe you don’t want us to keep going.” Ryan taunted.



Ryan ramped up his pace, his fingers pushing the toy deeper inside me with each rhythmic stroke.

I was already on edge and this action made my breath hitch.



“Is it true that when a woman is really wet down there, she wants to have an orgasm even if she says no?

When we become erect, our penises communicate and we listen. Maybe we can help out your pussy along in a similar way.” Todd baited.



I wanted to kill all of them.

I wanted to be anywhere but here.

However, being penetrated by this toy and the constant vibration was driving me crazy.

I fought against the hands holding me still but this only gave the boys more fuel to drive them further as Ryan increased the speed of his hand.

“Please.. I’ll do anything, just stop.. I can’t.. Please don't make me cum.. Not yet!” I whimpered out.

“See, it's hard to believe you when you’re barely able to keep your girlie noises in. You want to cum don’t you? You’ve been teased and edged all day, we know this.

Why don’t you beg for us to fuck you with this toy even faster?

Beg for us to treat your pussy properly, to satisfy your womanly wants.

Or are you going to be a bad girl and cum without our permission? You won’t want to know what we planned for your potential punishment.” Mitch chastised.



I could do nothing but lay there and let out soft moans in response which only made the boys bolder.

I couldn’t..

But this felt so good.. Sweet relief..

I shouldn’t..

I just want more..

No, no no!

I didn’t want to beg for it..

I can’t cum just yet..

But they just kept going with their taunts, their jeers, and their rude comments..

And that frustrating hand.. continually pushing the toy deep inside me and out while it vibrated constantly.


“We know you’re turned on by being humiliated, blackmailed, stripped, and forced to do embarrassing things, Kate.

It’s so obvious.

All you need to do is just agree with our theory and beg. Beg for what we know you really want.

Beg for us to keep fucking you with this vibrator.

It’s okay, let yourself ask for what you want.

Let yourself submit to us, to this toy, this vibrator that is filling and fucking you so well.

You’re nearly an adult woman, we know you have desires. It's not shameful for a young woman like you to cum in front of a bunch of middle school aged boys.

We’re all friends here, it’s okay for you to share your orgasm with us. Sure, we might be younger than you are and boys you’re supposed to be in charge of, but what’s the worry?

We're boys who have seen every inch of you, who are still seeing you, here on this table, legs spread in just your lingerie bra. We can see everything, your clit, your fat pussy lips, your opening, your thighs, your bottom, your cute butthole.

You are so naked in front of us and we just love watching you get aroused experiencing this dirty fetish of yours." Ryan continued.



For a moment, Ryan let the vibrator pull out of my pussy completely. His hand then used the tip of the live vibrator to rub up and down my entire labia.

I whimpered at the loss of penetration, involuntarily bucking my hips towards the toy as if asking to be penetrated again. Ryan noticed this and was pleased, his theory was proven again as he slid the toy back inside.

"You love this don’t you? You love us watching this vibrator come in and out of your soaking wet pussy that is on view for all of us to see.

Did you ever think this many boys would be able to see you in this position? See you spread yourself wide without much of a fight, your “oh so private” pussy completely exposed? Seeing your pussy get penetrated again and again? See you get wetter and wetter by the second?

We can tell your pussy loves being seen and toyed with. She's so excited.

For a young woman, you sure are so dirty. I wonder how many others you have thought about seeing you naked like this.

You’re such a filthy young woman, getting off on all this attention.

It’s okay, let yourself go.

All you need to do is just beg and prove us right. You can end this torture right now, the choice is yours.” Ryan urged.



I was so conflicted.

I could do nothing but lay there and have them all watch me get my pussy fucked by the toy.

I couldn’t help but whimper and writhe.

I knew it was only a matter of time now.

I was so conflicted and they were toying with my insides AND my emotions.

I knew I wanted to cum so bad and I knew it was going to happen soon on their choosing.

I had a choice to make and I wanted to cry in shame.

I could lay here for longer, fighting it, as they kept edging me. I would eventually cum and I would be punished as their naughty servant girl.

Or I could fall onto my humiliation and.. beg.. beg for permission.. doing the worst thing I thought could happen yet.

Beg them to..

No!

I couldn’t..

I can’t..

I can’t admit that I’m actually turned on by this..

So humiliating..

Aghhhh…


At the very last moment, I paused and looked forward.

None of the boys except Ryan were looking directly into my eyes.

The other four boys were entranced by the spectacle in front of them, as yet again, here was Kate Meyer’s pussy revealed to the world.

All of them had mouths wide open in shock.

I let out a sharp whine when I saw they all had their hands on their pants bulges, rubbing them slowly to the sight of me. They were all getting off to the sight of my pussy getting penetrated and edged over and over.

What were they each thinking right now?

I wanted to die right there in shame, laying here as naked as the day I was born.

I made brief eye contact again with Ryan, his features showing off a curious questioning look.

I knew I was so screwed.



“Please..”

“Please what?”

“Please let me cum…mmmm!”

“I’m sorry, I don’t think I can hear your voice over the girlie whimpers and moans you’re giving.”

“Please.. F-fu..get me off. I need to cum, I want to cum.”

“You want us to do what, exactly? Tell us what you want, Kate.”



I closed my eyes in shame and laid my head back on the table looking up.

"I.. I want you to f..fuck me with the t… t-toyy until I cum for you… m- masters." I begged, completely broken.

Upon hearing this, all the boys blew up in cheers, laughter, and celebration. I just cringed and hid in shame behind my eyelids.

Ryan gave me a satisfied smirk.

I felt tears of shame start to break through and run down my cheeks.

I gave in..

I had turned into such a little slut wanting to be willingly penetrated with the toy..

Ryan couldn't stop himself from chuckling in pride as he brought his pace up to a peak, the rabbit vibrator fucking my pussy with a newly brought energy.

My hips lifted off the table and I let my voice sing in moans as I experienced ecstasy.

I could feel liquid come out around the toy and run down my bottom onto the table.

I was so humiliated but I didn't care.

I was cumming hard.

Maybe, just maybe.

If I let myself give in to them, humiliating as it would be, they would be kind to me and these unfortunate series of events would end.

