Ffion's summer camp - extra chapters
by EthanDalton123 

I made my way down the line one final team, checking and double checking everyone's harness and helmet. If someone was going to have a nasty accident, it wasn't going to be on my watch. The high ropes course was always a kids favourite, and I'd deliberately waited this long before booking us on to raise the current batch's excitement and anticipation as high as possible.

When I was satisfied, I moved to pick up my own harness, but a hand reached out and stopped me.

"No." Adam was grinning wickedly at me. "You'll be clipping that through your underwear."

"Come on, Adam, this is dangerous. Now isn't the time to be messing about-"

"Turn around," he interrupted me, snatching the carabiner from my grasp. "Or do you want to be plastered all over the Internet?"

Blushing, I did as he asked. I shivered as his hands took the opportunity to caress and squeeze my buttocks, before yelping as he suddenly yanked my underwear up, clipping the hook through one of the leg holes.

"There, that should keep you up."

My lack of height meant that I was forced to stand on my tiptoes to avoid giving myself a wedgie, something Adams and his minions found very amusing.

"I'll go first to show you how it's done, and you can follow me in your own time. But remember, only one person on each obstacle at a time."

I climbed up the wooden steps to the first platform, wincing as my underwear was pulled up into my butt.

"Nice panties, Ffion!" Adam teased as I started to make my way across the tyres suspended before me, pain shooting through me as I jumped from one to the next.

Ignoring him, I continued to make my way around the course. I knew it so well I could have done it blindfolded, but this was the first time I'd done it with my underwear being used to support my entire bodyweight. It was made more difficult by the fact that I had to swing from one rope to another on my tiptoes, knowing that my underwear would rip if I dropped onto my feet.

"It's one to an obstacle remember, Adam!" I stammered as Adam followed me closely, urging me to speed up and put even more strain on my underwear.

By the time I reached the tunnel, I was in agony. The only way through was on all fours. If I went quickly, my underwear would surely split; in fact, I could already hear the garment beginning to come apart. But that meant I had to go slowly and suffer for longer.

With my eyes watering, I shuffled forwards, every movement torture.

"Come on, Ffion, hurry up!" Adam scolded me.

"I'm going as fast as I can!" I shot back, glad that he couldn't see my face glistening with tears.

But the kid had had enough. He dropped down and began to crawl. I attempted to up my pace, but my pain receptors refused to accept the change of speed and Adam had caught me in no time.

"Get off!" I cried as I felt his hands readjusting and yanking my underwear even higher. I tried to reach around to pull the material out, but I froze when I heard a ripping of fabric. If I continued to twist, they would surely break completely.

Under my breath, I cursed. I cursed Adam for being a twisted devil, myself for being so easily blackmailed, gravity for dragging my downwards, and my underwear for being useless at doing a task it wasn't designed to do.

But when I stood up and stumbled to the next obstacle, I fell silent.

Shit. Shit, shit, shit.

I had forgotten about the zipline.

It should have been simple. Push yourself off with your feet and glide across to the next platform while the rope and harness did all the work.

But if it stepped off, I would surely plummet to the ground. My underwear wouldn't be able to hold me, not even for a few seconds. I wasn't scared of heights, but the ground looked a long way down.

"Adam, I can't-" I began to say as he popped up behind me, but my words turned to screams as he pushed me forwards.

"No, no, wait!...ahhhh...owww!" my legs flailed uselessly and it felt as if my underwear was being dragged up through my brain and out the top of my head.

And then it happened.

I sagged lower, my panties gave out one final, almighty RIPPPP! and I was forced to lunge at the rope to stop myself tumbling to the earth.

It took me a few seconds to compose myself after narrowly avoiding life-changing injury. When I did, I realised how much trouble I was in.

I was gripping the rope tightly, the only thing stopping my from falling. My butt was still in pain from the atomic wedgie which had ended so violently that not only had my underwear been destroyed, but my shorts had slipped down to and twisted around my ankles, exposing me below the waist. If I hadn't been wearing trainers, they too would be lying on the grass next to my torn panties. To compound matters, the zipline had ground to a halt equidistant from either platform, leaving me stranded.

Judging by his reaction, all of this combined was the most hilarious thing Adam had ever seen in his life.

"It's not funny!" I spat at the roaring boy who was crying tears of mirth and hanging onto his rope to stop himself falling off. My face was so hot I was surprised the tears weren't instantly turning to steam as they escaped my eyes. I slid down the rope; my hands and cramping up and my arms becoming tired. "Get out here and help me!"

"But, Ffion, you said it was one-at-a-time," Adam teased relishing my helplessness.

Cursing him, I focused my attention on how to rescue myself. My arms were starting to shake with the effort of stopping me plummeting to the hard ground below me. I needed to hook onto something, and quickly.

Wrapping one arm around the rope, I freed my other hand and grabbed the carabiner. With my arms cramping, I somehow managed to punch a hole through my t-shirt and clipped the hook into place.

But I wasn't out of the woods yet. I could already feel my t-shirt beginning to tear, so I used the last of my strength to haul myself back up the rope. Swinging myself backwards and forwards, like Spiderman on a web string, I succeed in getting the zipline to move again.

I stretched out my hands, took hold of the netting and pulled myself onto the platform. I ducked down to redress my lower half, but a loud ripping sound made me pause. I glanced down and blushed. A sizeable strip of stomach was visible through the torn garment. Carefully unhooking myself, I finished dressing and assessed the damage.

I couldn't use my t-shirt as a support; that seemed even weaker than my panties had been! I couldn't risk using my shorts either; they were the only protection I had for my pussy! That left only one option.

Reaching under my t-shirt, I clipped the hook around my bra strap, the metal cold against the bare skin of my back. What remained of my t-shirt rode up my torso, completely exposing my stomach and, if I stretched too far, the bottom of my bra.

Adam oggled the new expanse of exposed skin as he swung across to join me having finally recovered his composure.

I could see his hands itching to touch it, so I spun around and continued along the course, wanting to get this ordeal over as quickly as possible.

With my bra strap now exposed, I knew if Adam got too close, he would simply have to reach out and unhook it to compound my humiliation further.

It was a good thing that I knew this course so well; I could set a pace that Adam was unable to keep up with and be confident that I wouldn't stumble.

I became paranoid, convinced that my bra was about to snap at any moment, leaving me with nothing to hook on to.

I dexterously climbed off the final net and stumbled to a halt in front of the slide which would take me back down to solid ground. But before that, I would have to unhook.

I reached round behind myself, but couldn't work the mechanism to release the carabiner.

I tried to calm myself with deep breaths, knowing that if I had been able to get it on, I would be able to get it off. But the more I struggled, the more twisted the rope became. I saw Adam approaching quickly, so threw caution to the wind.

Quick as a flash, I unhooked my bra strap, felt the tension release as the cold metal sprang free, before hastily hooking my garment back in place.

Or at least that was the idea. I had been quick, but Adam was quicker.

As the hooks descended towards their respective holders, a small hand intercepted. I gasped as Adam's cold fingers touched my bare back and twisted away from him when I felt a tugging sensation, but too late; my bra was in his hands, and my own were clutching my ruined t-shirt closed.

"Adam! Give that back-" I started to command, but the words died in my throat as you tossed it onto the ground far below.

Shooting him daggers, I hopped into the closest slide and pushed myself down, laying flat on my back to increase my speed.

A few seconds later, I shot off the bottom of the slide and onto the waiting crash mats. Still holding my shirt closed, I awkwardly scrambled to my feet. Our commotion above had attracted a crowd. But all that mattered was getting my underwear back.

Hoping that nobody else had retrieved it, I turned in the direction my bra had fallen. But before I could move two paces-

"Fiona!"

Amanda was storming over, looking furious.

"What on Earth is going on?! Messing around on the high ropes course without a harness! What sort of example is that setting!? And what is this?"

Amanda pulled something from her pocket that made my knees quake.

"It...it..."

"It's your underwear, isn't it? I don't know why you thought it was appropriate to take them off."

"I...I can explain..." I stammered, my mouth dry.

"You can and you will. In my office. Now."

"No, wait!" I cried out, but Amanda has already started marching away. I knew it would be very unwise to ignore her demand, plus I wanted to escape the crowd that was growing larger all the time, so had no choice but to follow her. My face turned an even deeper red as I saw Adam pocketing my bra, winking at me.

*****

"...so you see, it was all just for a dare..." I tailed off, knowing my lie sounded weak, but how could I possibly tell Amanda the truth? Who would believe that a grow woman was being manipulated by a little kid, under threat of Internet-wide humiliation?

"I see." Amanda said after a long pause. "Seeing as you've been coming back here for years, I thought you were a mature and responsible adult. Now I can see that my predecessors were incompetent. I'm all for having a laugh, but there's a time and a place. At the top of a high ropes course isn't one of them."

I found it hard to believe that Amanda had ever laughed in her life, but had she fallen for my hastily constructed story?

" Seeing as you've managed to destroy it as well, I'll need to take your t-shirt as well, please." Amanda clicked her fingers impatiently.

"No, I can't. I...err...I'm not wearing a...a bra." I explained, cringing as the words left my mouth.

"Do you have an issue with wearing underwear? Is that why you discarded your panties?"

"No, I-"

"Fiona. You're a well developed young woman, I hardly need to tell you why it's important to keep your breasts contained. Please wear a bra for future activities. If you don't have any with you, ENF will be happy to measure you and acquire some of a correct size."

"No! I...I'm fine, thanks! I've got plenty."

I stood up, backing towards the door. But Amanda wasn't finished.

"Your shirt, please, Fiona."

"But...I've just said-"

"I know what you said. If you didn't want to risk exposing yourself, you should have worn correct attire and respected the uniform."

Humiliated, I pulled the t-shirt over my head and tossed it to my boss, one arm cradling my chest. When I hesitated, she raised an eyebrow at me.

"Well? I thought you were going?"

"Do I...not get a replacement?" I asked. Surely Amanda wouldn't make me walk all the way back to by cabin topless?!

"ENF issue enough t-shirts to each staff member as we deem appropriate. If you are not going to look after them, that is not our problem."

Striding over, she held open the door, indicating that I should leave.

"Please, can I have a spare shirt...just this one time?" I asked her, willing her to grasp my embarrassment and take pity on me as a fellow woman.

"No." Amanda gave me a firm shove in the back, I stumbled out of her office and the door slammed behind me.

Readjusting my hands over my breasts, I set off at a brisk walk. As I stepped outside, I gasped as a cool breeze blew over my exposed torso, resulting in the eruption of goosebumps across my naked upper half.

Taking deep breaths to stay calm (unfortunately causing my chest to rise, threaten to spill out of my grasp and fall repeatedly) I made a beeline for my cabin.

I heard young voices calling my name, but I continued onwards, knowing that if I looked back or stopped my composure would break. The relative seniority I held over many of my male colleagues meant that I could shoot them the blackest of black looks, disuading them from commenting on my outfit and sending them scurrying away, too scared to ask why their beautiful, Welsh workmate was naked from the waist up.

Somehow, I reached my cabin unmolested. I rushed up to the door, yanked on the handle...and swore in frustration.

Of course, it was locked. And the key was back over at the high ropes course. But I couldn't walk over there dressed like this. Reigning in my panic while trying to solve my latest dilemma, my eyes lit up when they spotted an unexpected saviour.

My open window! The cleaner must have left it ajar to ventilate the room earlier! I hurried over, and after a quick sweep to check that no one was watching, I reached up and grabbed the window. I pulled myself up until I could flop my head and shoulders through the gap. When my feet finally found purchase, I pushed myself the rest of the way through. I had to bite back howls of pain as my chest was scraped over the rough wooden frame and sharp metal latches, my breasts crushed to squeeze through a gap too small for them.

When I halfway in, I pushed against the wall either side of the glass and dragged the rest of myself inside. I fell to the floor...and stopped just above it.

"What the-?"

Twisting around, I saw that my shorts had caught on the window latch, come undone and slithered down to my ankles, leaving me hanging and on display to anyone who happened to walk past. I kicked hard, but couldn't dislodge the garment. Contorting my body, I managed to reach one hand up and untie my laces. As the shoes loosened, I could work my feet out of them, until all of a sudden I dropped onto the carpet.

It might not come as a surprise, but at the start of the day I hadn't imagined myself to be lying on my bedroom floor in only a small pair of socks, my shoes and shorts hanging from my window, my t-shirt and panties destroyed and my bra in the clutches of my enemy. Well, that last one I COULD have envisaged.

Once again hating myself for having such a childish weakness that Adam had easily been able to exploit, I dressed and retrieved my shorts and trainers, enjoying the sensation of a soft cotton bra supporting my boobs.

A sensation I didn't realise I cherished so much and one that I knew I should take full advantage of while I could. Adam had a new passion: collecting my underwear.

And there was nothing I could do to stop him.


I stood outside Adam's cabin, fidgeting with anxiety. The little twerp had pushed a note under my door that morning while I was in the shower, telling me to meet him here after breakfast, but so far he was a no-show. I rubbed my arms and shivered as a light breeze played over my bare limbs and through my blonde hair. While I waited, I tried to think of a believable lie if anyone asked me why I was hanging around a kid's bedroom. I couldn't stomach the truth, let alone tell anyone else.

Just when I started to think that Adam wasn't coming and I may be able to sneak away, he popped up at my shoulder.

"Enjoy your shower this morning?"

"W-what?" I asked, stunned by his sudden appearance and wondering who starts a conversation like that.

"I heard you this morning."

I followed Adam into his cabin, my imagination running crazy as he began telling me today's activity. It was impossible to concentrate on what he was saying. Pictures of Adam with an ear pressed against my cabin door raced through my mind. But the wild possibilities didn't stop there. My face burned and my knees became weak as I pictured Adam unlocking my door...stealing my clothes...snatching away all the towels...dragging me outside and exposing my wet, naked body to the world...

"Ffion!"

I jerked out of my trance.

"S-sorry, Adam," I smiled weakly. "Please continue."

He pointed to a small pile on the nearest bed.

"Get changed, please."

I scooped up the bundle and turned towards the bathroom.

"Where are you going? Where you are is fine."

"But-" I began to protest. "Fine, whatever," I fumed, turning my back and pulling my t-shirt over my head. I snatched up my replacement shirt, but-

"You've still got your bra on."

I turned around to glare at him...but instead slammed the shirt to my torso as the cabin door opened as Adam's cronies entered. Thankfully, they were too busy laughing and joking amongst themselves to pay me any attention...although a half-naked woman wouldn't go unnoticed for long.

Turning back around, I unhooked and shrugged out of my bra, finally pulling the white t-shirt on, registering how little support it gave to my breasts. I untied and kicked off my trainers and socks and removed my shorts. Now came the tricky part. I laid out the white lycra shorts that I would be wearing on the floor. A deep breath.

In record speed, I pulled my panties down my legs and over my bare feet, stepped into the shorts and yanked them into position. I slipped my bare feet into a pair of white sandals to complete my look.

As I was neatly folding up my clothes (in the hope that I would see them again) Adam spoke up.

"That's much better, Ffion." My face burned as the boys stared at me. To be honest, I was surprised they didn't make me wear just my birthday suit. I'd prefer that to long, drawn out humiliation.

His friends laughed as I staggered under the weight of the rucksack Adam handed me.

"What have you got in here? Breezeblocks?"

"Refreshments for the day. Come on, let's go."

"Wait, where are we going?" I asked as he pushed me out the door.

"I told you. A walk."

*****

I took another swig of lemonade and wiped perspiration off my forehead as Adam chastised me for lagging behind.

"Come on, Ffion! Keep up, or we'll never get there!"

Exactly what "there" was, I didn't know, but it was unlikely to be a wardrobe full of clothes, or an ice bath: the two things I was craving at that particular moment.

I was aware of my breasts bouncing with every step I took, the white t-shirt doing little to hold them steady. I tried not to think about my bra lying on top of a pile of my clothes back in Adam's cabin, or of all the other ones he had previously added to his collection.

A combination of the hot sun, the fast pace Adam was demanding and the weight of the bag on my back was causing my body to perspire heavily, the moisture clinging to my shirt and dampening my blonde hair.

Thankfully, Adam had been sensible enough to pack enough fluids to keep us all hydrated; something I was taking full advantage of. While I would have preferred water, the lemonade still cooled me down with the added bonus of making the rucksack lighter with every mouthful I consumed.

With no watch or phone, I didn't know what time it was, but my stomach was appropriately growling when Adam called lunch.

I hadn't been paying much attention to what the boys had been doing, but as we all sat down to eat, they looked like they'd been terrorising the wildlife, sword fighting with sticks and tree climbing.

Sitting cross legged, I removed my sandals and slowly massaged my bare feet, much to Adam's delight. The footwear I had been provided with was very snug and not at all suitable for hiking. Consequently, my feet were coming in for some punishment.

Now that I was sat down and starting to relax, I discovered one of the downsides to spending all morning quenching my first. Unfortunately, there was no toilet out here: a tree would have to do. Slipping my sandals back on, I stood up.

"Where do you think you're going?" Adam asked.

"I'm off to find a tree to pee behind."

"No you're not," Adam said firmly. "If you need to pee, you can do it right here, in front of us. Or do you want me to share this?" he finished, pulling out his phone and showing me his ever increasing gallery of blackmail materials.

My face burned and my ears turned red. I knew I should call his bluff, but a part of me still worried he would go through with his threat.

"Fine," I replied cooly despite my burning face and red ears. "I'll just hold it until we get back."

"Sure you will," Adam responded sarcastically as I sat down again and continued eating, staring straight at my stomach, almost as if he was trying to will my bladder to release. I crossed my legs and pulled my knees up to my chest, but I knew I would have to go sooner or later.

*****

I rested one hand against a tree and took a deep breath, holding my stomach. I had been walking for the last few hours with a dull ache in my bladder, but that had been the first real stab of pain through my abdomen.

My reaction was met by giggles; the boys knew I must be close to bursting.

"Everything alright, Ffion?" Adam asked innocently.

"Y-yes," I managed to stutter, my eyes beginning to water. "Just a bit t-tired."

"You're bag still looks pretty heavy. Drink, and I bet it'll feel lighter."

It wasn't a request, and with his phone waiting ready in his hand, I dared not refuse Adam. I yanked out another bottle, unscrewed the top and glugged it down my throat.

My bladder screamed at me, demanding to know why I was trying to push it beyond capacity, warning me that anymore fluids and it would overflow.

"Let's go," I said through gritted teeth, staggering down the path and ignoring the boys. But I had hardly gone twenty paces before my legs gave way and I collapsed to my knees.

I squeezed my thighs together, pressed my hands into my crotch and bent double, breathing heavily. Tears streamed down my cheeks and splashed onto the ground, mixing with the dirt.

I looked up to see Adam stood over me. I was small for my age, but from my position kneeling on the rough ground, he towered above me.

"A-Adam...p-please..." I begged, wincing in pain. "I...I can't...hold it..."

"I'm not going to piss myself in front of you!" I screamed. "please, I'll do anything! I-I'll show you my boobs! Is that what you want? You can squeeze them! Or...or...or I'll go barefoot! You can take all my shoes and socks and I won't wear anything on my feet! Or I'll...I'll get completely naked!" I cried, pleading with him. "I'll walk around in my birthday suit!"

I clutched at him as I begged for relief, my bladder at risk of violently exploding at any moment.

"No. I want to see you pee."

Screw it, I thought. Adam clearly wasn't going to be swayed, and I could do serious damage to my body if I held on for too long.

Rocking back onto my feet, I yanked my shorts down to my ankles, squatted and finally released.

"Oh..." I moaned throwing my head back in delight. My feet, ankles and lower legs were getting splashed as I erupted like a fire hose, the flood soaking my sandals and toes. I had to put both my hands down to support myself, such was the ferocity of the jet.

Eventually, the flow slowed to a trickle and finally stopped. Once my adrenaline began to fade and my breathing slowed, I opened my eyes and realised the horror of what I had just done.

I stood up again and hastily pulled my shorts back into place, looking around at the devastation. Rivulets ran away across the dirt path, turning the pale ground dark and forming tiny puddles. My feet felt sticky and droplets clung to my ankles and calves.

"Feeling better?" Adam asked, grinning.

Bright red and shaking, I hugged myself and looked down at my feet.

"P-please can we go back now, Adam?" I asked, despising myself. Despite pulling my shorts down in time to avoid the worst of my emergency toilet stop, my clothes still felt dirty. All I wanted was a long shower and about 15 layers of clothing to cover myself with.

"Don't be silly, we're nearly there!"

Adam took my hand and pulled me down the path. I stumbled and tripped, my footwear totally inadequate, until the trees opened out, revealing a lake.

I'd been there a few times before; a late night drinking session with colleagues; a brief but exciting sexual encounter; and once, a daring early morning skinny dip in the freezing waters that had almost led to some awkward questions from my old boss.

The boys wrenched the rucksack from my shoulders and raced off, seemingly forgetting that they had a barely-dressed girl among their ranks. I wandered away miserably and plopped myself down on the bank, kicking off my sandals and trailing my bare feet through the cool water. How I longed to submerge the rest of my body under the surface. My body was sticky with sweat and my limbs were aching from their ordeal of the last few hours. There was no way I was going to skinny dip in front of Adam and his friends, and with no swimsuit available, I had to make do with the breeze to cool me down.

I lay back and closed my eyes, trying to block out the yelling and laughter coming from the lake and focus on the sounds of nature around me. I hadn't realised how exhausted I was, and I found myself nodding off...

*****

"Grab her arms! Quickly!"

Whispering voices disturbed my sleep and I groggily opened my eyes and looked around, confused, as I felt myself being half-carried, half-dragged over the ground.

"Hey, what are you-hahaha!"

I broke down into fits of giggles as half a dozen sets of fingers began tickling every inch of my body they could reach. They burrowed into my armpits and neck, explored their way under my t-shirt and onto my stomach, and abused my feet. I kicked out and tried to wriggle away, but I was surrounded.

"P-please, g-g-guys!" I managed to stammer through my howling laughter. "I-I c-can't b-breathe!"

I knew they wouldn't stop until I wet myself again, and I could already feel the urge to do so building inside me. I twisted away from the prying hands and roll free...only to feel the ground disappear below me!

"No!" I cried out, reaching out for something to grab onto; but there was nothing to prevent me splashing loudly into the lake.

I emerged from the cool water, coughing, blonde hair soaking wet, and red-faced.

"What the hell, guys?!" I shouted at them, wading towards the bank. I slipped as my bare feet struggled for grip on the wet and slimy rocks, much to the amusement of my charges.

It was only when I had returned safely to dry land and looked down at myself that the realisation of their true plan hit me. My white shirt and lycra shorts were now sodden and clinging to my wet skin. The translucent material was leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination.

I screamed and threw my arms across my torso, cringing as male laughter rang in my ears.

"It's not funny! Give me something to wear, right now!" I demanded.

"But Ffion, you are wearing something!" Adam teased. "Or are you? It's hard to tell."

As I was slipping back into my sandals, I quickly became aware that the boys were packing up and preparing to leave.

"Wait, we can't go back yet!" I cried.

"It's getting dark, Ffion. Plus, I'm hungry."

"But I look like I'm naked! Can't we at least for my clothes to try a bit first?" I argued.

I wanted to put my wet, sandaled foot down and refuse to leave until the boys provided me with a replacement outfit. But I knew Adam would call my bluff and abandon me. And it was safe to say that Amanda wouldn't be pleased if I returned to camp without them and looking like I was nude.

My only hope was that they would lumber me with the rucksack again, allowing me to clutch it to my front as makeshift cover...but they had obviously read my mind. I shot daggers at Adam as he swung the bag onto his shoulders and started back to camp, leaving me no choice but to shuffle after him, fuming.

*****

The route back was much quicker than the outward journey had been, meaning my clothes had hardly tried at all by the time we were back among civilization. I had gone through a rollercoaster of emotions: anger at Adam for exposing me like that; self-hatred for being so uncomfortable and ashamed of my own nudity; bargaining in a vain attempt to make them take pity on me in exchange for another equally unpleasant ordeal in the future; and finally acceptance that this really was happening.

With arms folded securely over my chest, I shivered violently as a cool breeze blew over my damp skin and through my bedraggled hair. My vision became blurry as tears splashed down onto my sandaled feet, and my skin crawled as curious eyes followed me and phone cameras flashed. I knew if I stopped I'd never get going again, so I simply ignored all the whistling and laughter and continued to walk towards my cabin.

Thankfully, Adam finally allowed me to leave his presence...but I was forced to return to it upon discovering that my door was of course locked. I hurried back into his clutches and knocked frantically on his door, one arm still squeezing my breasts.

"Adam! Adam, please can I have my key!" I knew there was no point even asking if I could have my clothes back. They belonged to Adam now. I could here him moving around inside, making me wait as long as possible. "Hurry up! Please, I'm really cold and this is so embarrassing!"

The door opened a crack. Adam threw my door keys out, I lunged for them...and missed. Crouching down awkwardly, I scooped them up from the dirt, straightened up...and came face to face with Amanda.

"This isn't a nudist resort, Fiona."

"I'm not naked!" I blurted out, face burning and both arms back across my body.

"Oh...yes, so I see," Amanda replied, looking me up and down and studying me properly. She picked at my ruined sleeve, her fingers cold against my skin. "But why are you dressed like this?"

"I...I...Adam wanted to know more about the female body," I lied. "This was the most I could do without actually getting naked."

"...very ingenious," Amanda responded after a long pause. "But next time, run it by me first. We could have organised a camp-wide activity. Plenty of the boys here are at an age that they would begin to show interest in the female anatomy, especially one such as your own."

My face went pale and my legs nearly collapsed underneath me. I thought I was going to faint at the thought of every single person in the entire camp seeing me without a stitch of clothing on, but I somehow managed to blurt out: "thanks, I'll think about it."

I hurried back to my cabin, locked the door behind me, wrestled my way out of my clothes and collapsed into the shower.

*****

I wrapped a towel around my soaking wet body and padded over to my wardrobe. I had been sat in the shower for hours until my whole body resembled a prune, letting all my emotions spill out and bawling like a child. I wiggled and flexed my toes, my feet aching after their day's ordeal. I was still in such a state of humiliation that my brain was in auto-pilot. I became aware that I was pulling on my fourth pair of socks, and second jumper over my five t-shirts. I was sweating, but couldn't stomach wearing any less. The more layers of fabric shielding my naked body, the better. My stomach rumbled as I fell into bed, exhausted, eyes red and hair still damp. I had missed supper, but realised that I didn't care. I couldn't bear showing my face again...at least not tonight.

I was so drained that sleep overcame me almost the moment my head hit the pillow. My last conscious thought before I drifted off was Adam's growing collection of my clothing. My ex-clothing, I supposed.

Would I have any left by the end of the summer?
