Debbie Displayed
by paul2021

Debbie's big reveal leads her into a scandalous service.

Debbie is deeply in love with Prince Rashid the heir to a Sultanate in the Far East and has now become his concubine. In two previous stories she was introduced to many exotic activities including a formal induction where she was required to publicly make love to both the Prince and his brothers. Her erotic life in the palace now continues.

*********

As Debbie lay naked by the pool in the Prince's private compound, she reflected on her life as a concubine. Her great love for Rashi had sustained her through those first weeks and she found the love-making to be extremely pleasurable, very satisfying and deliciously exciting.

When she was the object of sexual desire her libido was stimulated and this arousal was exquisitely intensified when she performed sexually in front of an audience. Nevertheless, she could not surrender to her passions if she did not feel secure. As a consequence, the guidance and supervision of a mentor who understood her and had her confidence such as Prof. Jocelyn or Lyn and Ray and now Rashi was so important.

It was therefore no surprise that the showing of her body to others, as a concubine, made her extremely hot. When Rashi made love to her in front of his family she was taken even higher and when he and his brothers all had her she was taken up to heaven! That night was just the most wonderfully exciting sexual adventure of her life and the extreme reaction of her body to the most acute stimulations simply confirmed her proclivities.

With eager anticipation she now looked forward to her introduction into the wider world of the Palace and the Sultanate.

*********

She was quickly inducted into a duty which she would find to be very pleasurable. The Prince held regular drinks and canapé parties for selected guests -- friends, investors, legal and financial representatives of the Sultanate, foreign consular staff, visiting politicians or stars from show business. During these soirees he would often delight in showing off his concubine, with hair covered and a yashmak over her lower face but otherwise wearing very little. To feature a western woman in this way was a great excitement.

The evening would commence with Mina entering their private apartment with clothing and bling. The form of dress would generally follow the style of the obeisance -- a transparent sheer wrap exotically patterned, with colour depending on the Prince's mood -- pastels of red, blue, yellow or purple -- black in certain circumstances, the gold band and ringlets to support her breasts, bare feet, the same scarf of white linen to cover her hair and a beautiful jewelled yashmak to match the colour of the wrap leaving only her eyes on view to preserve anonymity.

She would always inspect herself in the mirrors of the apartment before Mina escorted her to the public audience suite. Daringly bare thigh, breasts and coloured nipples presented for admiration by the taut sheer. Her ever swollen vulva lips in profile between her thighs and her pube now always shaven nude to exhibit her arousal. Glimpses of bare bum as she moved or attempted to sit and hold her posture - maintaining any vestige of modesty being impossible.

Then the bling -- ankle bracelets as usual, matching armlets and a spectacular Asian gold necklace across her chest showing between the yashmak and the wrap. As Mina briefed her before her first presentation this was traditionally worn by the leading concubine of the Palace to indicate her attainments and proficiency in the arts of love. A number of single jewels in gold clasps hung from the front of the necklace. These jewels carried hidden coded messages to those who were familiar with the conventions of the palace. Debbie would only begin to understand towards the end of her stay in the Sultanate but, on this first outing, the jewels worn by Debbie signified as follows:

A red ruby:

The concubine was highly proficient in the arts of vaginal, anal and oral intercourse.

A blue sapphire:

The concubine had offered herself and been taken by the brothers of the Prince.

A topaz:

The concubine had proven her skills in Sapphic lovemaking.

There were other jewels and Debbie, by choice, would select a further colour before long.

The wrap was pastel aquamarine for her first "Presentation" and Mina delivered her to the double doors of the suite where she was greeted by the Prince.

As she entered on the Prince's arm, she saw groups of men in black tie and several elegant women in evening dress standing and chatting in groups over glasses of iced champagne. Others were in deep discussion on a large sofa. Debbie could smell the expensive cologne and perfume which permeated the suite and felt with pleasure the luxurious pile carpet on her bare feet.

When they entered there was a hushed silence and all eyes turned towards them. The Prince brought Debbie to the centre of the room:

"My dear friends, may I introduce my new companion to you all. This is her first Presentation and I sincerely hope you all enjoy her charms with delectation and delight."

All eyes were on Debbie with admiration openly expressed by the men and a fascinated interest shown by the women.

This was a very carefully chosen group.

There was a delegation from the French and Belgium consulates -- old hands who knew the form, then several visiting consultants serving the Sultanate in financial or legal matters and finally the Minister for Defence and the High Admiral from the neighbouring island of Baoji -- Rashi was keen to use their navy to protect the waters of the Sultanate from Chinese incursions.

The Prince first took Debbie to meet two Frenchmen from the consulate. He was soon taken off for some discussions with the Baoji people leaving Debbie alone.

The two Frenchmen moved to engage her in conversation:

"My dear -- welcome to the Palace -- you are new I think -- but it would appear from your beautiful necklace that you already have much experience of the Prince and his ways?"

Debbie blushed:

"Come come we are all men of the world here."

"Your country of origin?"

"England -- I come from England" replied Debbie in her immaculate Parisian accent.

"May I congratulate you on your accent -- a woman of beauty and intelligence is a wonderful creature"

The second Frenchman looked her up and down.

"An aristocratic English rose of course -- correct posture - such curves -- such grace -- such daring -- such adventure -- so much desire and beauty. Look how she blushes -- how sweet -- an innocent caught in a spider's web I think. I will pray for the green emerald when we next attend the Prince. Pierre what do you say?"

The first Frenchman responded:

"Not so innocent I think but, yes, the green emerald would be a treat but surely the display of her lovely beauty tonight is sufficient recompense?"

"Yes, this is true but I would certainly find her to be very alluring were she to be fully revealed to us."

Debbie was growing hot with this intimate attention and the Prince re-joined the group.

"Your Highness", said Pierre, "I hope you find your new companion to your satisfaction?"

"Very much so Mr Ambassador -- as you can see, she is perfect for me."

"Your Highness, you have a woman of rare talent, beauty and skill. Please cherish her."

"Your comment pleases me Mr Ambassador and now we must move on -- Au-revoir Monsieur"

They passed to a group of very elegant middle aged French women dressed in chic Parisian fashions and the Prince paused to make conversation. The women made space for the Prince and Debbie whose supreme display of voluptuousness could now be appreciated up close. While the women, being well bred, did not waiver regarding the Prince, the looks they stole at Debbie spoke of fascination. How could she allow herself to be scandalously paraded semi-naked with her sexual accomplishments presented so provocatively? Some of the group reddened as they pictured themselves being squired in this way by the handsome Prince. Others of a different persuasion, seeing the Topaz, flushed up with passion as they imagined this glorious English woman at their disposal, willing to satisfy their most secret desires.

Debbie, intuitively feeling their heat, began to warm. Her nipples firmed under the sheer and the bud of her sex began to flower while her breathing deepened. The women observed this change and began to turn away with embarrassment before the Prince who, understanding Debbie's predicament, whispered his approval in her ear and moved them both on.

They now paused briefly to chat to the party from Baoji. The Prince was very gracious but both men were clearly dazzled by Debbie -- they could not take their eyes from her. She dutifully lowered her eyes in innocence and inwardly enjoyed their attentions.

They now approached a woman sitting on a long couch with her back to them. She was chatting over a bottle of champagne to an older man in a dapper little suit and a dicky bow sitting opposite her. As the Prince approached the woman stood and turned to greet them taking the Prince's hand.

"Miss Sterling -- I am very pleased to meet you again. Welcome to our tiny Island. May I introduce my lovely companion to you and to Mr Halleck."

Miss Sterling greeted Debbie as if she were doing the glad handing at the next business meeting.

It took several seconds for Debbie, now in a high panic, to be completely shaken out of her opulent sensuality into the world of work and the international conference circuit. This was Meg Sterling the 50 something ex. senior partner of a world leading financial house lately going free-lance. They had even shared a platform at a side event at Davos. Meg was a champion of women's rights and a beacon for all females who aspired to succeed. Debbie looked at the floor attempting to hide her giveaway eyes.

The Prince exchanged compliments for a few moments and drew Mr Halleck aside to introduce him to a potentially useful contact from the French consulate. Debbie was left alone with Meg.

"Hello Debbie, I hoped I might meet you here."

Debbie shook.

"Please, please sit next to me."

Debbie silently consented but, once she was seated, the wrap slipped off her thighs revealing it all and more to Meg. There was nothing she could do. With dread she realised this could be the end of everything.

"Debbie, listen very carefully to me -- I can see you are disturbed -- I can understand that.

Can you assure me you are here of your own free will?"

Debbie found her voice and confirmed in the strongest terms that she was living in the Palace because of her deep love for Rashi.

Meg was relieved and went on to explain how she learned of the Prince's beautiful new English concubine through her contacts in the Sultanate and was intrigued. It was an easy matter to confirm Debbie's identity which caused some surprise knowing her as a very clever and successful lawyer.

Meg continued:

"First -- I can absolutely assure you that your secret is safe with me. In fact, you may find during my stay I need to trust you with my secret."

Debbie listened intently.

"Secondly, between us girls, I can fully understand your motivation in accepting the Prince's offer. The Prince is a wise and honest man and very handsome. He will ensure that you come to no harm.

Thirdly, I must congratulate you for hiding your erotic life from your professional life so effectively. It must have taken great intelligence and willpower. I know you will have paid serious attention to your sexual health and the Prince is very very careful."

"Fourthly and most importantly, you must not assume I am censorious or condemning because of your choices. Women are as entitled as men to experience sexual desire and seek fulfilment as they see fit. I admire you for your daring -- the rewards must be overwhelming."

Debbie was shocked but pleasantly surprised -- at last, she had met a woman of her own class and background who understood her.

"... and finally, before Halleck returns, I wish to tell you that I find you to be very attractive and, in your current garb, astonishingly desirable."

Debbie was shocked but instinctively looked down virtuously. Meg broke out in a broad smile.

"What a wonderful reaction my dear...

You may have heard some hints as to my reputation but when one becomes so powerful such things tend to be swept under the carpet. When we met briefly in Davos, I was tempted but you gave no sign and I quickly moved on to take my pleasures elsewhere."

Meg placed her hand on the warm top of Debbie's exposed thigh and gently ran the tips of her fingers up to Debbie's shaven pube. Her hand felt cool and soothing offering security and wonderful possibilities.

"I am well aware of the Prince's games concerning you and I intend to play them to the end and have you all to myself. I want you to show me how you earned that Topaz!

The next three months will be very exciting for both of us. Let us make a toast?"

Meg lifted her glass:

"To Glorious Womanhood ... may we all achieve happiness, fulfilment and our heart's desire and indulge ourselves as we wish to do."

Debbie responded:

"To Womanhood ... and can I say Miss Sterling ..."

"Meg, please."

Debbie placed her hand softly over the tips of Megs fingers which were now soothingly stroking her pube.

"Meg, thank-you for your understanding. I am so so relieved... and thank you also for your care and friendship regarding my welfare. To spend some private time with you would be lovely -- perhaps we can make up for our lost opportunity in Davos?"

Meg closed off the conversation:

"Wonderful Debbie -- we will meet again -- I assure you. Continue to enjoy your adventure -- but if you need any help just contact me."

With that she was gone and the Prince who had been observing them smiled to himself and collected Debbie and handed her over to Mina. Her first presentation was over.

*********

Two more weeks passed in the luxurious opulence of the Prince's compound and Debbie was becoming bored -- the sex with Rashi was still amazing but one day turned into another and, with Rashi absent on business for significant periods, the days by the pool, even with the attentions of Mina and Aasha, lost their novelty. The highlight for her was the private session in the Banos where her masseuse Jafari -- the giant African -- would take her to nirvana with his expert hands. As each session followed another, she liked him more and more and, as they chatted over herbal tea and talked about their lives and their loves, a bond was established. During Rashi's long absences she began to wonder what it would be like with Jafari. She fantasised that he would take her as he massaged her -- first there would be tender strokes -- then urgent and exploratory -- and finally hard and passionate to the end.

After a particularly long absence Rashi returned and over dinner by the pool she perhaps mentioned Jafari a little too much as the sequel was soon to prove.

That same evening Mina was dismissed and Rashi invited Debbie to sit with him and share a bottle of his best single malt. He was obviously disturbed and reluctant to begin and Debbie took the initiative:

"My Prince -- please talk to me?"

"My love, it is a matter of state that troubles me...

The kingdom is in danger -- every day the Chinese navy take liberties in my seas -- intercepting my fishing vessels -- threatening my pleasure craft -- but we alone cannot stop this. I fear that as these infringements go un-checked then the Chinese will become bolder and bolder until ...

We need a formal alliance with our neighbours Baoji -- they have a small navy which can patrol our waters as well as their own. The Chinese never bother them -- they cannot risk armed confrontation with Baoji otherwise the Americans will come. We need Baoji to protect us as well.

Our treaty is almost there -- praise to God -- and the President of Baoji is visiting to sign with my father. But, my love, you remember meeting the Defence Minister and the Admiral at your Presentation?"

Debbie nodded.

"They were enchanted with you and they now request that when the President attends for the signing you are given to him as a gift to be enjoyed at his pleasure."

Debbie sat back open mouthed:

"You refused I hope my Prince??"

"Of course, my love but I need to offer him something and I have a suggestion which I hope you will not find offensive or distasteful given the matter at stake.

We have a jewel called a green emerald and when a concubine freely accepts the green jewel she agrees to a presentation where she will first be exhibited naked and then, second, perform sexually with a male of her and my choosing.

If I were to suggest that the male could be Jafiri would you accept the green emerald?"

Debbie was surprised but intrigued:

"When you say perform -- can you be more explicit?"

The Prince continued:

"I suggest you perform fellatio and, if you wish, take a more intimate pleasure -- it would be your choice. I have no objection if you wish to have full sex with Jafari but, please, no anal penetration -- that is for me only?"

Debbie continued:

"... and who would witness this performance?"

The Prince thought for a moment:

"The delegation from Baoji number about ten and add myself and several officials from the Sultanate -- I think maybe twenty in total. I would ask Mina to attend you during the presentation."

Debbie's blood ran hot at the thought of fucking Jafiri under the gaze of so many. She would never forgive herself if she let this opportunity slip not to mention the Prince's great need for her assistance in securing the alliance. Jafiri had given her so much pleasure in the Banos and the thought of using her skills to create her own erection on Jafiri before fucking him was just too much.

To the Prince's great relief, she agreed.

*********

The colour of the wrap for the big event was a transparent red with flying dragon embroidery. Just as Debbie was completing her toilet, she heard a gentle knock at the apartment door and an attendant passed to Mina a small gold tray with the Green Emerald.

The tension was unbearable as Mina dispensed her medication and briefed her on the format of the Fellatio which would be performed in the traditional manner. Just before they were scheduled to leave, a further messenger arrived from the Prince. Mina hurriedly left the apartment before returning with a pair of slender red heels which Debbie was to wear tonight.

Walking to the suite Debbie seemed to be more naked than ever. Nothing was hidden even before the removal of the wrap. Wearing the heels lifted and accentuated her breasts and her bum and the muscles in her extended creamy calves and thighs were tensioned. The wrap opened more willingly and with the heels she inevitably adopted a feminine sway as she walked. With the boost given by the medication she was bringing herself to arousal just as the Prince had anticipated.

The bell was sounded, the door was opened, and the Prince standing with a group of men in business suits and naval uniforms moved to the door to greet her and escort her to the party. There were no women other than Mina. He placed one of her arms in his and whispered to her to keep the other hand by her side as she walked so as not to hide her body from the gaze of the men. Eyes turned to look at her and there were exhalations of approval.

She was instructed to stand on a small dais about a foot high in the centre of the room which was reached by two steps. This she did and turned to face the guests ensuring she kept her eyes lowered at all times.

The Prince gave instructions to Mina who walked across to the dais and whispered to Debbie to slowly turn a circle and show herself. Meanwhile the Prince was charging his guests glasses with the usual champagne and through an interpreter asking their opinion which appeared to be very favourable.

Then, with a clap of hands, a four-piece orchestra in the corner of the suite began to play traditional Chinese music.

There was talking and drinking as the men broke off to gaze on her body - front and rear. Sometimes two would arrive and point to particular aspects that pleased them. Debbie kept her eyes lowered and her arms at her sides with her palms flat on her thighs and adopted the pose of the Botticelli Venus. Her nipples were achingly distended and she knew her cunt lips were swollen and open.

There was no further delay. The Prince instructed Mina to prepare Debbie. This was it!

Mina walked on to the dais, unclipped the belt and the neck chain and collected the wrap as it fell to the ground. The gold chain was unclasped and after removing the yashmak and headscarf Mina dropped to the floor and neatly folded the garments in a small wicker basket. Mina then re-joined Debbie and parted her thighs such that she was standing astride in her heels with straight and tensioned legs. Mina took Debbie's hands and placed her open palms on the side of each thigh and whispered to her to look straight ahead above the heads of the watchers. Her tits were elevated, her arse was upstanding, the arousal of her cunt was clear to see and her thighs and calves were taught and powerful.

Suddenly a spotlight fell on to Debbie and Mina hurriedly arranged Debbie's hair to a top knot, pinched her coloured nipples to greater prominence and finally fitted a fine gold choker around her neck before withdrawing from the platform.

The Prince turned to the translator:

"Could you ask Mr President if he is happy?"

The translator replied that Mr President was delighted with this very beautiful woman and was looking forward very much to the performance.

More champagne and more contemplation of Debbie's charms followed until the Prince clapped his hands and four attendants bought in a large padded throne-like chair of black leather and chrome with kneeling pads to the front facing inwards a little like a shoe shine. This was placed on a matching elevated platform in front of Debbie. The act would take place on this pedestal to give everybody a prime view.

After a short pause the Prince clapped again and Jafiri appeared naked and oiled -- he was a magnificent sight and towered above the delegation who, somewhat nervously, parted to let him through. Again, an excited murmur arose.

Jafiri walked up to the Throne and lazily settled himself down. Debbie saw a barely imperceptible wink as their eyes met. She was buzzing with excitement and anticipation but this calmed her just a little and she lowered her eyes again as Mina beckoned her to the throne and helped her on to the kneelers.

Debbie's mouth was directly in front of Jafiri's flaccid prick -- it seemed to her to be abnormally long even in this relaxed state - and her soft breasts rested on his outstretched thighs. This would give much pleasure to her and him as the Fellatio developed. Her hands were free to assist as appropriate but armrests were provided to enable her to stretch over his crotch and support herself when a fuller penetration was chosen from above. It was very intimate on the Throne and she was able to concentrate exclusively on the breathing of Jafiri and this single disassociated "organism" and its responses to her stimulation. She was beginning to sweat under the spotlight and it was clear that she would be wet with exertion by the time she had brought him off. From porn she had been taught to extend the act of Fellatio to create a spectacle and she would need all her expertise to prevent a premature end to proceedings with the embarrassment and offence that would result. Her position she knew would show off her cunt and anus from behind to perfection and the wearing of high heels and ankle bracelets as she knelt before him would add significantly to the spectacle. With her hair bunched up and the choker around her slender neck, her lips and mouth would be unobstructed and the performance in all its glorious detail would be clear for all to see.

The delegation and the Prince gathered around the Throne to watch and at a signal the orchestra was silenced.

So, it began ... she took a deep breath and extended her tongue to the head of the prick as it began to rouse in front of her.

It jerked away from the first touch and she chased it with delicate featherlike caresses from the tip. It grew with each caress and she began to gently circle the root with her fingers and find the sweet spot where the root meets the genitals. It continued to rise as she circled her fingers and ran her lips over the head very slowly running the hood with her lips -- up and down up and down.

*********

Slowly Slowly - do not rush. Lubricate it with my mouth.

Now the head is up -- back to feathering -- yes -- the breathing is steadying -- more relaxed - it is holding.

Cradle the testicles -- yes -- it likes this.

Withdraw -- fingers circling and running up and down the shaft.

Build the lubrication and in again. A little firmer up and down up and down -- careful careful -- withdraw to the head -- gentle tongue caresses -- it still holds.

Begin the next game -- lick up and down its length -- tip to root all round.

My cunt and arse begin to work -- subtle -- not too strong.

Beads of sweat down my back to my bum -- across my anus -- tickling my cunt.

My breasts wet against his thighs.

I am liquid and glistening -- please somebody fuck me -- oh please please -- release me.

A warming tremor inside me but it's not enough to satisfy.

Calm I must stay calm. I must concentrate.

Into my mouth -- slowly down now -- on the back of my throat -- good I can take it.

It holds. I have control. Too much and it will cum too soon. Slowly yes slowly.

Up and down Up and down cradle his balls -- ummmm. They are heavy -- fertile -- full of his juices.

It is mine -- all mine -- to do my bidding -- a wonderful monster of my creation - Up and down - Up and down. I will not release you -- no -- you will build until I am ready to relieve you. You are helpless under my control.

Time passes -- how long -- Up and down - Up and down

My hair is being stroked.

It must be ready -- I hear sounds from above -- strange sounds -- foreign sounds -- incoherent.

I lift myself above him in frenzy and dive my mouth over it to consume it.

I am open -- I am ready for you all - look at me -- please - somebody fuck me -- FUCK ME.

It is near -- I cannot wait. I can hear him losing control.

Now Now Now

I lift myself and kneel astride him -- my knees on the pads.

I drop myself on to him. It fills my cunt -- it's big. Oh fuck fuck -- no - I can't stop - it's too late!

I am gone -- wild loud screams -- I cannot help myself -- please understand -- please forgive -- it is just too fucking much.

I take his heat into me -- I consume his power and it fires my passion - it must die -- I must kill it.

It throbs and releases floods of cream into me -- over my cunt -- down my legs.

He cries and I cannot stop -- I will not let it escape until I have it all.

I lift myself from him and drop down to finish it with my mouth.

I swallow the cream. It is salty. My lips and cheeks are covered in it. I am liquid -- my body shines wet.

I hungrily attack the monster and suck it dry.

Another spasm -- another spurt -- and it is dead.

I withdraw releasing the soft flesh and lick it like a cat taking the last of its goodness.

I created the monster and now I have destroyed it.

I have taken its power - I am woman!!

*********

The performance was over.

There was a spontaneous roar of appreciation as Mina lifted a limp wet Debbie from the chair and helped her to the bedroom just off the central court.

Mina sponged her body and soothed Debbie's hot cunt with her lips and tongue before they both fell asleep on the big divan.

Debbie was woken in the night by the Prince and Mina and loved all ways until she could give no more.

*********

