Flashing Schoolgirl

Harmony loved to show off her body. She never wore a pair of underwear in her life and always ‘accidentally’ showed her private parts to anybody who was smart and brave enough to look. 
It ran in the family, too. Her mother was always the same way, but her daughter did decide to act like this all on her own. Harmony started to develop at a very young age, she had the body of a higher schooler by the time she had started middle school. 
Her mother had a long talk with her about her body and how to use it to her advantage when she was very young, and she immediately started showing it off as best she could. She would wear skirts that were too high when she went to school, something the female teachers always got on her case about but the males never did for some reason. 

Whenever Harmony saw something fall over, she would stand up and bend over to pick it up, and made sure her ass stuck up in the air. She got lucky a few times and the skirt she was wearing would actually fall over her back, which completely exposed her entire ass to the class. This only happened a couple of times, but she loved it when it did. 

Once she was 18, she decided to go really crazy with her exhibitionism. 
She decided to go to the beach, but she wasn’t sure what she could do that would be more wild than laying their in a skimpy bikini. She had spent nearly her entirely life under the sun, and as such her skin quite tan and her hair was very light. A very unique site, especially when it comes naturally. 

She grabbed her favorite red 2 piece string bikini, which barely covered her nipples and pussy, many times not even that, and invisible from behind her. It was her favorite bathing suit. She drove the 15 minutes to the beach wearing a silver belly top and skirt, with no underwear as always. 

When Harmony got to the beach, she laid down the towel away from the crowd of people, but not too for nobody to see her if they wanted to. She peeled the top off first, exposing her naturally perfect C cup breasts to anybody that was looking, and acted as if she had trouble tying the bikini top so she was exposed longer. 

After the top looked secure, she turned her back to the crowd, bent over and pulled on the bottoms. She stayed like that for a moment, before pulling up the matching string bottoms. She then laid down on the towel, in order to get some tan before the real show began. 

A few moments passed, Harmony didn’t want a thick tan on her front since she would have to even it out when she got home. She hated tan lines, so she used the backyard to nude sunbathing. Like her mother, she used the beaches to put on shows not get tanned. 

Harmony rolled onto her stomach, and she felt the straps of her bikini top fall off her shoulders just as she had hoped they would. She carefully worked her arms out of the straps, and rolled onto her back again. Her tits were now completely exposed to the beach. 

Harmony laid like this for a few minutes, before getting more daring. She began massaging her breasts right there, for everybody to see. She was already extremely turned on, and she couldn’t take it much longer. After several minutes of rubbings her bare breasts, she began to move her hands just slightly down her body. 

Over her flat, bare stomach. She flicked her bellybutton ring once, and continued moving her hands down her body. Finally she felt the top of her bikini, and slowly stuck her hand under it. She always kept her pubic hair neatly trimmed, but never bald. Her girlfriends told her it made her look too young. 
Harmony continued to get more brave on the public beach, and finally her soft fingers reached her pussy lips. She wanted to push two fingers in right away, but she restrained herself so the show lasted longer. Gently playing with her clit with her thumb, she rubbed her middle finger along the slit of her pussy. 

With one hand still massaging her erect nipples, she continued pleasuring her beautiful pussy with the other. Never releasing her clit with her thumb, she began to push her middle finger into her moist cunt and really feel her wetness. She continued to finger herself for several minutes, and she was very sure people were watching her now even though she had her eyes closed. 

She knew her orgasm was close. Harmony reached down with her other hand, and grabbed the crotch of her thong and pulled it to the side, so everybody would have an unobstructed view of her cumming. She pushed another finger into her cunt, and the orgasm hit her. 

“Oh my god!! That’s so good...yes!!” Harmony could no longer contain herself to soft moans, yelling to express the incredible sensations she was making herself feel. 

She continued fingering herself, and lost count of the orgasms. Finally she settled down, and withdraw her fingers. Harmony brought them up to her face, and began licking them. She lifted her butt off the towel, and slid the underwear off of her and put them to the side. 

Still enjoying the wonderful taste of her pussy juice, Harmony continued to pleasure her cunt with the other hand immediately sticking two fingers in this time. 
After a few minutes in this position, she rolled on to her stomach once again. This time she leaned forward, and lifted her ass high in the air. 

She pulled her fingers from her mouth, her pussy juices cleaned off, and began to massage her tight, fully exposed anus. 

Harmony brought her hand to her face again to wet the fingers more, and finally began to penetrate her ripe asshole. She had a major anal fetish. 
She pushed one finger inside, and circled it around. Withdrawing completely, she stuck two fingers into her tight rosebud anus. 

She had two fingers pistoning in and out of both her wholes, simulating the many times she had been double or triple penetrated with cocks and/or dildos with her girls, she felt another rush of orgasm approaching. 

Harmony thought about where she was, on a public beach with 2 fingers in her ass and pussy, and how many people are probably watching her, and this put her over the edge. She had one of the most powerful orgasms of her life by masturbation, and yelled out as it hit her. She continued fingering herself, getting off to multiple orgasm for the second time that day. 

It was quite possibly the best day of her life. Once she stopped, she withdrew her fingers, licked them clean, and put the bikini back on. She only opened her eyes when she had to, she loved knowing people were watching but not actually seeing them. She put the suntan lotion on her entire body, and laid on the towel for a long time after she finished her show. 

Finally, she opened her eyes and looked around. Many people were closer than they were when she first got there, several still watching her, but she knew there were tons more earlier. She felt the need to cum again, so she decided to stop off at her girlfriend’s house on the way home... 
       
Flashing Schoolgirl Ch. 2

After the incredible experience she had, masturbating to multiple orgasms on the beach, Harmony knew she wanted more. In fact, she wasn’t sure if she’d ever get enough of getting off in public. But, she was on her way to her girlfriend Adrian’s house, and she wanted to have some fun with her first. 

Harmony had lusted over Adrian since she met her many years ago, but for some reason Adrian resisted lesbianism. Like every other girl, Adrian had the urges but never followed them like so many do in High School and college. But Harmony planned to change that today. 

After the exciting couple of hours at the beach, Harmony wished she could rip off both their clothes and eat each other out all day, but she knew that Adrian would be nervous and probably resist, so she had to relax her. 

Harmony went over to her friend’s house, and suggested they watch a movie. 
She brought American Pie, a home taped version that was ‘accidently’ taped over with a lesbian porno. They’re watching the movie, and the scene with the foreign chick masturbating on Jim’s bed comes on. 

Harmony glances over at Adrian, and notices that she’s frequently shifting her legs. She can tell she’s turned on by the female masturbation scene going on on the TV, and decides to make her move. 

“God, she’s beautiful..” Harmony sighed, sliding down on the couch, letting her silver skirt ride up her legs even more. 
“Oh.. uh, yeah I guess..” Adrian glanced over at Harmony, she put her hands on the edge of her skirt and lifted it all the way up, exposing her perfect bare pussy. She licked her finger and began rubbing her outer lips. 
“What are you doing, Harmony??” Adrian asked, shocked by the actions of her long time best friend sitting right next to her. 
“Let’s take this into the bedroom..” Harmony cooed, winking at Adrian as she stood up. 

“I-I-I don’t think so..” Adrian stuttered, still shocked. 
“Okay, that’s fine.” Harmony responded, as she sat down, staddling Adrian with one leg on either side of her. Harmony put her hands on both sides of Adrian’s head and began planting kisses alll over her face. 
“S-st-stop.. this isn’t right, Harmony,” Adrian stuttured. 
“Of course it is, Adrian.. it’s perfect natural. Just relax and enjoy.” 
she said, as she reached down and pulled of Adrian’s black blouse, revealing her beautiful B-cup breasts covered by a green bra. 

Harmony leaned down, and began kissing the uncovered tops of her breasts. 
Now the only thing Adrian could do is let it happen, Harmony had her pinned down against the couch. 

Soon, Harmony reached behind Adrian’s back and removed her bra, exposing her cute breasts. She began massaging them both, and taking turns sucking on each nipple. 
“Wait.. just stop..” Adrian begged as Harmony unbuttoned her jeans and began to unzip them. 
“You know you want to..” Harmony said seductively, taking Adrian’s hand and pushing it down her pants, feeling her own wetness, “See? You’re soaked” 
“But.. it’s wrong, isn’t it?” Adrian asked, but she no longer cared what Harmony did to her. 

“No.. it’s natural, and you’ll love it.” Harmony answered, and unziped her friend’s pants further. She hopped off the couch, and started to pull the tight blue jeans Adrian wore. She hesitated for a moment, then lifted her ass so that Harmony could pull them off all the way, revealing her knickers, which had become see-through with Adrian’s pussy juices. 

“Mmmmm..” Harmony said, leaning forward and continuing her assault on Adrian’s beautiful titties. She started to kiss her way down, planting kisses and licking Adrian’s stomache along the way. 

She found her way to the waistband of Adrian’s knickers, and began to pull on them. Adrian lifted her ass off the couch, allowing Harmony to expose her beautiful teenage pussy, just an inch or two from her mouth and face. 
Harmony could smell her very clearly. 

Harmony stuck out her tongue, and gently began to slide it up and down the sweet pussy lips. Adrian jumped at the first contact, but Harmony put her arms around Adrian’s legs and held her down. After several minutes of this, she knew Adrian was close. She wrapped her lips around Adrian’s clit, and sucked on it, now using a finger to fuck her friend. 

“Oh my god, Harmony.. that’s so good!” Adrian cooed, beginng to buck her hips into her friend’s hand and face. 
“Mmmm.. don’t stop.. keep doing that, I like that..” Adrian cooed, and her best friend did just that. Continued sucking on her aching clit, and now had two fingers pistoning faster and faster in Adrian’s pussy. 

“Yes.. that feels great, Harmony.. oh my god! Don’t stop.. I’m cumming!!” 
she said, now almost yelling, as the girl she had know all her life sucked on her clit and fingered her pussy. 
“Ohh.. I’m cumming!! Yes, Harmony.. I’m cumming!!” Adrian yelled out, bucking her hips into Harmony as she reached her climax, covering Harmony’s face and hand in her sweet cum. 

“Mmmm.. that was wonderful... thank you!” Adrian sighed, as Harmony climbed back up her, and went to kiss her. Adrian was reluctant, but she met her friend’s lips with a passionate kiss, Harmony pushing her tongue past Adrian’s lips. 
Adrian could taste herself, although that was nothing new to her since she had tasted herself hundreds of times while kissing guys or sucking their cocks after a wild fuck session, even after masturbating sometimes. 
“We’re only getting started, babe..” Harmony cooed, removing her top, exposing her beautiful braless tits to Adrian. 

“What do you think?” she said, sitting up and pushing her tits into Adrian’s mouth, it was obvious what she wanted but Adrian was still nervous. 
Adrian just sighed nervously, looking up at Harmony’s face who was starting into her eyes, as she held her breasts in front of Adrian’s face. 

Finally Harmony was tired of waiting, she put her hand on the back of Adrian’s head and pulled, forcing her to suck her tits. Harmony took Adrian’s hand, and put it under her skirt. Harmony rubbed her friend’s had along the crease of her pussy lips, and Harmony let go of Adrian’s hand when she pushed finger into her cunt. 

But Adrian pulled her hand away as soon as she was able too, and Harmony was getting impatient. She stood up, and removed her silver skirt completely. She turned Adrian by her shoulders, and she took the hint and layed down flat on the couch. Harmony then flipped one leg over Adrian, and began to lower her pussy onto Adrian’s face. 

“Wait.. I don’t know what to do,” Adrian whined. “Just do to me what you like having done to yourself..” Harmony answered, as she continued to lower herself down onto her life long friend’s mouth. 

Adrian finally took initiative, and began rubbing Harmony’s pussy with herf fingers. Harmony grinded her pussy into her best friend’s hand as she pushed a finger into her cunt once again. As she did this, Harmony leaned down, and spread Adrian’s legs using her hands.
 
Harmony leaned further down, and used her tongue on her friend’s aching clit once again. After a moment, Adrian did the same, putting her hands on Harmony’s ass and pulled her down so she could use her mouth on her. 
Adrian started by gently licking up and down the crease of her friend’s soft pussy lips. This was a new experience for her. She mimicked what Harmony did on her pussy, and began sucking on her clit, now using a finger to piston in and out of her cunt. 

Harmony was slightly ahead, already having three fingers in Adrian’s pussy but Adrian only had one. Soon Adrian had caught up, with three fingers ramming in and out of Harmony’s pussy. 
Just then Adrian got an idea. She had tried this with her boyfriends a few times, but she wasn’t sure if other girls liked it. She withdrew her moist fingers from Harmony’s cunt, and slid them to her anus, gently rubbing it. 
Harmony jumped at the contact, and Adrian pulled her hand away. 
“No, don’t stop, I love that..” Harmony moaned, pulling her mouth away from Adrian’s pussy for a moment. This encouraged Adrian, who began to push her finger into Harmony’s anus. Using her other hand, Adrian continued to work on Harmony’s pussy, immediately pushing two fingers in. 

“Mmmm” all Harmony could do is moan in pleasure, with her face still stuffed in Adrian’s crotch, sucking her clit and fingering her cunt. 
“Oh my god, Adrian.. that feels soo good!” she groaned, no longer sucking on her clit but still fingering her. 

“Don’t stop.. finger my ass.. finger my pussy.. yesss!!” hearing how much Harmony loved this motivated Adrian. She pushed a second finger into her anus and a third her pussy. She could feel her fingers through the thin wall that seperated the two fuckholes. 

“Oh god.. that’s soo good.. I’m gonna cum Adrian..” Harmony groaned as Adrian continued her assualt on her best friend’s pussy and ass with her fingers. 
“I’m cumming!!! God, Adrian.. I’m cumming!! Yess!!!” Harmony finally had her release, covering Adrian in her cum. Being covered in her best friend’s juice also set Adrian off. 

“Mee tooo, Harmony.. mmm.. I’m cumming!!” 
Harmony rolled off of Adrian, and layed squeezed next to her on the couch. 
Once both had come down from from their climaxes, Adrian suddenly got an idea. 
With a mischievous grin, “Ya know.. I have a vibrator.” 

