Saturday Nude Shopping Afternoon
byisanude©

Saturday Nude Shopping Afternoon Ch. 01

Leonora called this morning asking me to join her in the afternoon to do some shopping together. She insists that I have to wear my nearly see-through summer dress with no underwear.

I immediately agreed, already wet at the idea. Leonora is such a hot, funny and great girl that I would not miss an afternoon with her.

I enter the coffee bar, where she asked me to meet her, and I immediately understand what she has in mind for us today.

She is obviously braless under her T-shirt, her hard nipples poking through the thin fabric to welcome me.

I smile her and order a coffee while I sit not in front, but at her side on the wall seat, as the table is large enough to give us some shelter from the other consumers' view.

And I can guess that it will be needed.

Her hand is already on my thigh, sliding slowly up to my crotch. I stand up a bit to lift up my short dress and spread my thighs as much as I can to welcome her fingers.

She begins to play with my pussy hair, and not only.

Oh, she is so gifted for love that I don't even notice the waitress bringing my coffee.

Just at that moment, Leonora inserts a finger inside my pussy, and her thumb touches my clit. I cannot avoid to blush and giggle.

I am sure that the waitress has understood what is happening.

Unexpectedly, this quite serious-looking girl grins me and just tells us that she is at our entire disposal for anything we would need.

Leonora, encouraged by the waitress's attitude, inserts a second finger inside my tender slit. I moan loudly enough to make the other consumers turn their heads to me.

I am so aroused now, I just need more, I can't wait, I am about to come, I press my pussy against Leonora's hand, I don't care about all these eyes looking at me, I just need, I wish to come and, thanks to Leonora, it doesn't take long for me to explode on her hand.

Oh my! That was so good! I cannot say if it's only because of Leonora, or because I have come in public in front of that girl and all the coffee shop consumers, but that is one of my most marvellous orgasms.

Thinking with good reason that I need some freshwater to clean my juices already sliding along my thighs, the cute waitress takes my hand and drives me to the ladies' room.

I can see my juices glistening along my thighs and now legs while facing the wall mirror as I enter the ladies, anyone must have noticed it too, but I don't care, I am still in heaven.

The waitress is not only helping me, but I can also see how much she is aroused by what just happened as she pressed herself against me as soon as she closes the door behind us.

She unzips my dress, letting it fall down on my feet. I am fully nude in front of her apart from my red stiletto heels.

She makes me sit on the marble between the washbasins and kneels in front of me, handing my knees to force me to open wide my thighs.

The cold of the marble on my ass and her expert tongue on my clit, while she inserts her fingers deep inside me, is so good that I begin to moan again, and again, and louder, and louder until I am overwhelmed by a new sweet and strong orgasm wave.

Gosh, two times in just some minutes, and with two different girls, it's already a great Saturday!

She is still eating me as Leonora enters the room. Seems, it's not yet the end of the game!

-"Hi Barbara, I can see that you are enjoying a lot my sweet Isabelle's pussy!"

-"You know her?" Leonora smiles me.

-"My sweet Isabelle, I know her since school, and I must confess you that she is not either a waitress, she just borrowed one of the shop's overalls from the true waitress to help me makes you a hot and sexy surprise!"

I can't believe it, all was planned! My Leonora at her best!

And indeed at her best as she immediately takes advantage of my position, still seating thighs wide open on the marble.

She turns the tap on and begins to bathe my pussy and breasts with the freshwater.

I am nude in the ladies' room with two horny girls playing with my tits and pussy.

Four expert hands and two greedy mouths eating me, biting me with passion and such desire. I open wider my legs, altogether offering me to them.

My pussy is on fire, I am just theirs, abandoned to their wildest sexual appetites.

I just cannot bear it any longer. I explode again with such intensity that Leonora and Barbara can just avoid me to fall down.

With such passion, the ladies' room is such a mess now, water everywhere, but who cares, it was so great!

As I stand up to take back my dress, I just can see it soaked with the water on the floor.

I cannot wear it, and looking at Leonora and Barbara's face, I understand that was planned too.

Barbara has already opened the ladies' room and grabs my hand to pull me back in the coffee bar.

And here I am, nude among the consumers.

We walk for an eternity between the tables to the front door, Leonora is already outside and tells us that we are safe, no policemen in view.

We wait for the pedestrian green light and cross the street together in front of honking cars.

Being nude in public in the middle of the street makes me very aroused.

Once on the other side, we walk a bit and enter a fashion store.

Nude in the middle of the aisle while Leonora and Barbara choose a skirt and blouse for me, I cannot avoid being aroused in front of the consumers and clerks.

The manager is now facing me, I beg him not to call the police, but I can see his grin and his eyes glued on my nude body that I have nothing to fear.

He is too happy to help Leonora and Barbara find me a sexy outfit: an extremely short slit skirt and a very sheer blouse.

There is no need to go to a changing room, and Leonora helps me try them in front of all to see.

But the blouse is a bit too wide, and I cannot do up the skirt.

They finally found the needed sizes and dress me with these more naked than naked clothes, and we all go to the cash desk.

The manager offers us a 50% discount in exchange for a selfie with me. Which Leonora presses me to accept.

After some very suggestive shots, Barbara rising up my skirt, back and front, my pussy and ass in full view and my blouse half-opened, one of my breasts peaking out, the happy manager offers me the clothes free.

We leave the shop, my slit skirt showing my pussy with each step while my breasts are bouncing free under the nearly transparent blouse. I feel as nude as before entering the fashion store.

The game is too pleasant for Leonora and Barbara to let me go home. They are so happy to exhibit me semi-nude among cheers and whistles in the streets and shops all afternoon.

I have to say that I enjoy it too, exhibited for all to see, so provocative, so female.

What a Saturday afternoon! I love shopping!


Saturday Nude Shopping Afternoon Ch. 02

As we leave the fashion store, we head to the seafront, hoping to meet more people to see me nude in public.

I walk almost naked on the boulevard with my unbuttoned blouse and my split mini skirt without a bra or briefs.

I walk hand in hand between Barbara and Leonora. Indeed, I can't avoid my blouse tails from spreading and bare my breasts, nor can I lower my super split mini skirt tails to try to hide my pussy.

I feel the softness of the sun on my breasts, swollen with pleasure. They sway in pace with each of my steps, my high heels further amplify the swing of my hips and the graceful swaying of my two large boobs.

My nipples are hard erected by the arousal of feeling me almost naked in public while walking between my two friends. The gentle sensual rubbing of my tender little pink tips against the blouse's semi-transparent fabric makes me shiver with pleasure.

My areoles are totally visible under the fabric, and my erect nipples draw the eye even more on them.

Not allowed to use my hands, my erect nipples are the only element still able to hold back the tails of my blouse.

But every time one of my breasts succeed to escape from the blouse, it is the same proudly erect nipple that prevents the blouse tail from returning to its place to hide my nude breast.

The pleasure experienced by Leonora and Barbara is obvious. They hold my hands firmly, as the parents hold their child together, but in my case, it is a sexual and adult toy that they walk and show in public on the boulevard.

The sea breeze that begins to blow gently in front of us now undresses me almost with every step.

My boobs are offered at the sight of all the passers-by we cross, and my mini skirt rises regularly giving them a full view of my pubic and my shiny juiced slit in the sun.

We arrive in front of a group of young boys and girls in their early twenties. Their astonishment quickly gives way to curiosity, and they immediately approach us to better enjoy the spectacle of my seminude body.

The guys are delighted, and the girls don't stay behind. One of them, a pretty seductive brunette, is already taking pictures of me with her smartphone.

For Barbara and Leonora, the opportunity is too good. Leonora goes behind me and pulls back my blouse, sliding it behind my shoulders.

I am now bare-breasted and helpless facing the group, arms stuck behind my back by the blouse.

Taking advantage of my captive hands, Barbara lifts my mini skirt up above my waist and shows the group my naked and already so wet sex.

The absolute dream for an exhibitionist: I am now buck-naked and offered helplessly to these guys and girls who eat my silky skin with eager eyes.

Leonora turns me on on all sides. She bends me forward, my breasts hang under me while my bare buttocks and my sex are in full view to the sight of those behind me.

I have to spread my legs apart not to fall forward, helping my vagina wet lips to part while my anus shines in the sun. The exhibition of my private parts delights me as well as my young admirers.

I am offered to their sight in the heart of the city, being stark-naked in front of them mixed with the risk of being caught makes me wet even more. I can feel my rapture juices flowing along my thighs.

It is then that the pretty brunette who had taken my pictures asks me with a perverse smile if she can caress me, touch me and if I agree... finger me.

I see the desire shine in her eyes, I smile at her, telling her that she can do whatever she wants to please us both.

She goes behind me and starts to lovingly stroke my ass.

I can't help but moan with pleasure feeling her soft hands caressing my bare skin with love.

I arch the small of my back to offer her even better my rear and wet lips dying of desire to be touched, caressed, spread.

She slips a finger into my slit while her other hand continues to fondle my buttocks. I moan gently.

Encouraged, she spreads my lips and penetrates me with two fingers, I, even more, spread my thighs while pressing my dripping sex against her hand.

She's now pounding her fingers even deeper into my vagina. I accompany back and forth in pace her sweet fingers covered with juices, faster and faster.

Suddenly, I jump as she pushes a finger into my anus. I feel totally caught between her fingers, and I groan and moan louder.

It's like a starting signal, two boys, then a third, another girl, another boy grab my breasts, pinch my nipples, caress my belly, buttocks, and thighs.

How many hands, how many fingers? The arms always stuck in the back by the blouse, my whole body on fire is offered to their wildest desires, and I enjoy the pleasure of not being able to resist them.

My juices flow freely along my thighs, a bright puddle spreads on the sidewalk between my legs, it's too good, it's too voluptuous, it's too strong.

Suddenly, a massive wave of ecstasy overwhelmed me, I shake, I convulse, my whole body stretches, I moan, I com, I cum, I scream.

My orgasm is so strong, so powerful that I feel wobbling. I no longer have strength in my legs, arms hold me right in time to prevent me from falling to the ground.

I see stars, everything is blurred, colourful, I float, I am in heaven, I let myself go between the guy's muscular arms.

I open my eyes again, I can't believe it, I have just been fingered, in public and in the city centre.

But our pleasure is short-lived because just as I get back, Leonora sees a police car moving up the boulevard quickly in our direction.

Has anyone denounced us? Fear of jail seizes me. I am paralyzed, unable to react to the danger that is approaching at a fast pace.

The young people react and help me dress as quickly as possible and stay around to hide me from the police car's sight.

I'm now safe in the middle of the group, and I end up relaxing. The police car slows down and stops before us, one of the policemen ask us if we saw a girl exhibiting naked on the boulevard.

The pretty brunette responds without hesitation that she saw a naked girl running and riding into a red car that started with a jerk and turned right at the roundabout just a few minutes ago.

The policemen thanks us and leave us by setting up their siren to catch up with the ghost red car.

I thank the pretty brunette who tells me her name is Clarisse. Looking at her, I still feel her fingers deep into my vagina, I kiss her passionately on the mouth while she fondles my breasts.

We all walk together towards the sea in the sweet sun of this beautiful afternoon while Barbara, Leonora and their new accomplice Clarisse whisper to each other watching me.

I feel that this exceptional shopping Saturday will soon offer me many other hot surprises.

-o-o-o-

If you want to follow my trail of cum on Literotica Boulevard and not lose a single drop, you know what to do!

-o-o-o-

