The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 28- The Show

The bell rang, and the class was over. The show was over. The two of them had done it…but Jenna was humiliated and unable to move for the moment from the shock. She sat Mark Taylor’s gym towel on the floor, as Emily had collapsed in tears on Mr. Gunderson’s chair. The last 25 minutes had been intense…and their acting Principal’s words were echoing in their ears. Perhaps this fundraiser truly had turned them into whores.

It had started out innocently enough. Mr. Gunderson’s class was going to get a show, but the girls themselves had turned the somewhat free show he was presenting into a sort of pay per-view. The class had ponied up extra cash for the fundraiser and the two girls had even planned to skim some of that cash off the top for themselves, it wouldn’t hurt the program since the fundraiser was going exceptionally well.

Emily and Jenna had taken some form of control over the proceedings and there was, if not joy then, relief in that for them. They had taken the cameras away from students for their little show. While they knew the classroom cameras were on and that feed was going through the fundraiser website to anyone who had donated any money through it, they figured with almost 80 classrooms to choose from, theirs wouldn’t be the main draw.

The spike in viewership had crashed the website about 10 minutes into their “show.” The crashing of the site earned the attention of the acting principal Mrs. Ritaworth. It took mere moments for her to make a schoolwide announcement, and turn all the monitors in all the classrooms on to the feed from Mr. Gunderson’s room. She wanted the entire school to see what something like fundraiser had done to two good students. It had turned them into whores she said on the intercom to the whole school… and perhaps it had.

Jenna and Emily were not allowed to stop… they had to complete each dirty task Mr. Gunderson and the other students had listed out. …and they did them all.

It had started out innocently enough…

…as asked the two girls began kissing. They figured that was easy enough to handle. They had already kissed. Emily had taken the initiative in the hallway before class, right in front of their history teacher. It was one kiss then, but while the classroom watched, it became more. It wasn’t an innocent peck…it had to become a deep and passionate kiss. The two naked students had pressed into the kissing, mouths open, tongues touching tongues and cheeks and teeth… those watching in the classroom howled. Those watching at home probably went further…

Further is what Jenna and Emily did. They added touching, massaging, groping or each other. Their two nude bodies embracing and entwining, first in a strange mocking way-something akin to the exaggerated lovemaking sessions they had seen in pornographic videos they had both seen but neither would admit too. …but then…as it progressed, it became more comfortable, perhaps tenderly rougher and more confident in the way two people enjoying each other’s bodies would as things progressed to a point where hormones had to take over.

Emily’s D cup breasts had mostly engulfed the delicate and perky C-cups of Jenna as their bodies melted together. Standing on the cold tiled floor of their history class feeling and experiencing an intimate moment in front of their peers, vulnerable and naked. The outside world, for this moment, no longer existed. Neither had ever felt they might be lesbian…neither had considered themselves bi-sexual in any measurable way outside of a few stray thoughts of girlish adventure. This school, these friends, their teacher Mr. Gunderson would never again see them as anything else.

The undulating and entwining that accompanied the kissing now involved their hands between each other’s legs. Jenna’s hands upon Emily’s sex, Emily’s hand upon Jenna’s nether lips…

The in-room viewers started chanting “Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!” That was indeed on the list and they both knew it…

Jenna gently laid Emily down on Gunderson’s desk and spread her legs wide so the other students could see. She still held Emily’s hand with one of hers, as she kneeled on the floor placing her other hand upon her friend’s vagina, to aid and assist as her mouth connected with the wet and hirsute pussy. As Jenna’s tongue deployed itself lashing and licking against her friend’s hidden flesh, Emily moaned in pleasure louder then she expected.

None of Emily’s boyfriends had ever wanted to perform oral sex on her, she had stopped shaving over the summer. Beaches and bathing suits be damned, was her thought, if no one is going to touch it but me and the odd prematurely ejaculating dick, why bother to make it pretty. She had always wanted someone to give her “head,” she never expected it would be Jenna and it would happen in front of her history class and teacher on his desk in their high school.

For her part, Jenna had only really given one blow job before. It was last year before the homecoming dance and the recipient was Mark Taylor who was in this very room. Jenna had never performed oral sex on a girl, but through masturbating herself, she knew what might feel good to another girl like her.
Her fingers played upon Emily’s pussy lips, while her tongue danced between them…flittering like the dance Jenna herself was, spinning and rolling in the folds with a lightness and ferocity, both in their turn as the tempo and rhythm of the act solidly increased…

Emily’s hand squeezing Jenna’s…her other hand grasping at the desk… flailing for purchase along the end of the fake wood top of the institutional furniture… her feet propped on Jenna’s shoulders…toes clenching and unclenching with each euphoric touch of a tongue more talented than it had any right to be.

And that’s when Emily burst…

It was most likely Emily’s orgasm that knocked out the website. One imagines that the sight on the screen was something many people had chosen to share. Jenna imagined it wasn’t just the folks at home watching, but other students in the school, watching on their phones. Surely if you knew which classroom beautiful naked girls were in, you would try to watch on your phone in another classroom. Other students had the advantage over the adults…or did they? Jenna remembered, their schedules were printed on the site in their profiles, next to their pictures… They would have been easy to find if someone had taken a liking to a particular drama student.

And once found, sharing the link of the classroom feed to others when something juicy like a girl-on-girl sex scene was most likely second nature to a high school boy.

…of course, Jenna and Emily had been so wrapped up in their show, neither was even checking to see if the students in this class were abiding by the no camera rule. Mr. Gunderson should have been monitoring that. …but even if he could be trusted-and he most likely couldn’t- his own attention was focused on his two students having delicious sex on his desk.

He watched Emily burst, her legs and thighs crushing together around Jenna’s head…the involuntary reaction trapping Jenna in and against her friend’s pussy…

…As Emily couldn’t stop, Jenna refused to. Pushing her mouth and tongue deeper into the tight wet cavern of Emily’s vagina, Jenna soldiered on in the act, coaxing the moment to last. Keeping her tongue’s rhythm. Jenna’s fingers pressing, flesh digging into flesh in a most pleasant way upon Emily’s moist and wanting sex.

And Emily screamed in sheer ecstasy. She couldn’t help but do so. The particulars of the moment may have been so wild and undreamed of, but the feeling itself had been her fantasy.

Emily’s legs relaxed and Jenna collapsed back on her own legs…breathing again, gasping for air. She turned to the classroom as Emily’s legs fell open in front of her upon Mr. Gunderson’s desk. Emily breathing hard as well, visible with the rise and fall of her large breasts… the girls’ hands had separated and for the first time since the show had started there was no contact between them.

Jenna saw the phones…the betrayal of the other students…but as she began to rise to chastise them, the intercom beeped.

Mrs. Ritaworth’s voice rang out from the air. “Well. It’s only second period and this school has fallen into the pit of prostitution!” Her judgmental tone and harsh words stopped Jenna. “I’m not entirely sure what’s going on in Mr. Gunderson’s History classroom, students…”

Jenna’s eyes widened as she heard the tell-tale echo and realized this was not a call to just this classroom, but to the whole school.

“…but it’s crashed the fundraiser website and so it must be worthy for everyone to see.” The acting principal continued. “So, we have turned on the screens in all of your classrooms for the remainder of this period, we are patching the feed from his classroom to all of you. I want all of you students to see these two whores. To see that this fundraiser has turned two good students into two worthless whores who will never amount to anything in all their lives except sex carpets to be walked on by alpha males. These two students Jenna Jenkins and Emily Henderson are your whore-coming queens this year folks. Enjoy whatever slutty show they do for the next ten minutes.”

The cheers heard throughout the school as Acting Principal Ritaworth ended her announcement were almost deafening.

Emily who had started to regain composure was crying on the desk, curling up without a thought to fact that entire class was getting a good view of her ass …and some of those students notices the juices still leaking over out and down her thighs…

Jenna was unable to mount the attack she had started, lost and alone now...called out in front of the entire school…thinking that maybe she was a whore…

Mr. Gunderson stood.

He walked to his desk a smile on his face, the list still in his hand. He opened the drawer and pulled out several permanent markers…

He slammed his hands on the desk. “Stand up whores!”

The show, it seemed was over…or more precisely, Jenna and Emily’s show was over. Now it was the Gunderson/Ritaworth show.

Emily could barely stand, tears still flowing, but not the tears of joy she had experienced during her orgasm. These were tears of fear and humiliation. Jenna supported her friend, and gave Emily her arm. The two stood before their peers.

“Class,” Mr. Gunderson addressed the room. “It’s time to label these two whores. Come up, grab a marker, pick a girl, write a message on their body.”

“Yo, Mr. G., We gonna get to that one thing?” Arnold, one of the less intelligent students asked.

“Of course, we are Arnold.” The teacher responded. “But first, let’s make sure the acts of these two sluts are immortalized on their bodies for the rest of the day.”

Cheers from the classroom and the students came forward and began to write on Emily and Jenna.

The smell of the markers filled the air, as the two naked girls were accosted and not gently either. Their classmates touched and manhandled the girls as they wrote… More than one reached in to feel their pussies or poke at their assholes with the markers… their tits were pinched and written on.

Mark Taylor, the boy who had received a blow job from Jenna brought his gym towel up. His was an act of kindness, as he noticed she had gotten some of Emily’s juices one her face. His intent was to wipe them off, but Gunderson stopped him. Throwing his towel on the floor.

“They don’t deserve that.” The teacher scowled.

It is important to note that Mark chose not to write on either girl. He grabbed and squeezed Jenna’s hand as a sign of strength before returning to his seat.

As the students all settled back down, Mr. Gunderson had the two girls do a slow turn for the camera so everyone could see the writing adorning their bodies. In addition to the numerous versions of slut and whore written upon. Each had “Cum hole” written in a few places with arrows, the words themselves not always spelled correctly. Jenna’s back had the words “Pussy-licker” scrawled upon it. They had dicks drawn on them. The word “Loser” appeared on each. Other words in various places “Cum-rag,” “fuck-slave,” “star-slut,” “cum-guzzler,” and others. But the most damning one, written on Jenna’s tummy “Will fuck for $.”

These labels would be with them all day…and longer most likely.

Mr. Gunderson smiled and he bent down to pick up the gym towel. He spread it out on the floor as he addressed the camera. “The students in my class had written a list of things they wanted these two…” He paused to hit the word with right tone of judgement with glee “Whores to do for them. Things my class wanted to see their classmates do to each other. I was nice and said no to certain things. I didn’t want anal fisting or things of that nature… I decided it would be, not appropriate to have one girl shit on the other. … but I compromised on that one….” He looked over at Jenna. “Slut Jenkins,” he called her… “Come over here and lay down on this towel that your friend Mark Taylor has so nicely allowed us to borrow…”

She stepped forward nervously…looked back at Emily and said “It’s okay.”

“On your back whore!” Gunderson barked. “The way you are meant to be.”

Jenna’s body and spirit sank to the floor. She laid down on the towel, as ordered.

“Open your legs…open your mouth…”

Jenna did as he ordered.

“Emily, ripe from your orgasm…your whore-gasm… time to pee…on your friend.” He reached out and grabbed her hand to pull her forward. Emily tried to resist, but Gunderson was stronger and wearing shoes.

“Slut Henderson, stand over your friend and pee on her.” The Teacher fiercely instructed. “Or I shall have to get other students to do it…” There were cheers from the classroom.

Emily looked down at Jenna, laying naked on the towel, written on with words vile and disgusting, her face still slightly covered in juices from Emily’s own orgasm.

Emily was scared…but Jenna was not. She shook her head in disappointment for a beat, but then nodded to do it.

Emily closed her eyes…and stepped over her friend. She tried to keep her body away from Jenna’s face, but Gunderson would not allow that. He turned her around, and made her step farther up on Jenna’s chest area.

“Pee now. Pee on your friend. Piss all over the cum whore Jenna Jenkins…”

Emily closed her eyes, and clenched her body. She tried in her mind to be anywhere but here… and she tried to pee. It was difficult and slow to come. The embarrassment of being watched, the humiliation of having to do it on her friend… it was a difficult start. The fact that she didn’t want to do it made it harder…but when it started, it didn’t matter that she wanted it to stop…because it just started to flow.

As did her urine…so did her tears.

And Jenna was helpless. She took it all… sputtered a bit, as it got in her mouth. The liquid rolled down her face and inter her hair, down her chin and onto her chest…

The classroom, the school cheered.

But these were not cheers for heroes. If there was a hero the school was cheering for, it was Mr. Gunderson… but to the class, to the school, the girls had become objects. They were no longer even sex objects…but objects of degradation and derision. Things to be forever insulted.

And Jenna knew it.

When Emily was finished and the last drops had stopped…she collapsed into Mr. Gunderson’s chair, tears streaming down her face.

This is when the bell rang.

This is when Jenna sat unable to move due to shock.

This is when their day changed.

…and it was only the end of second period.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 29- The Aftermath

As the students exited the classroom, Jenna was surprised as three people pushed their way into the classroom, 3 fish swimming upstream… Mr. Elba, Mrs. Apgar and Hank Turner.

Mr. Elba made a beeline straight for Gunderson and lit into him over this behavior like a torch dropped into a gasoline tank.

Mrs. Apgar and Hank Turner headed for the two girls, Jenna first since she was on the floor.

“Go see to her,” Jenna’s homeroom and science teacher Mrs. Apgar said, signaling the sexual abuse counselor over towards Emily, still crying in Gunderson’s chair. “Jenna, honey, are you okay?”

Jenna blinked and smiled happy to see Mrs. Apgar, “Yeah, I guess…it could have been worse.”

“Honey, it was awful.” The teacher said. “I tried, but I couldn’t get here fast enough once I realized what was going on.”

As she started to sit up, still wet from the pee, Jenna tried to forgive her teacher, “It’s okay, Mrs. Apgar, I’m glad you’re here.” Jenna’s face scrunched up and she stuck her tongue out a little disgusted when some of Emily’s pee found it’s way into her mouth due to her movement.

“I brought you these,” Mrs. Apgar said, showing Jenna she had two lab coats. “And I’m going to get you a fresh bottle of water from the teachers lounge or a lemonade or coffee or whatever you need to get the taste out of your mouth.”

Hank Turner was consoling Emily as the talk between the History Teacher and the Drama Teacher became more and more heated.

New students had begun entering the room, as the three conversations continued. The third period history kids were prepped and ready, taking pictures the very moment they came through the door to the class.

Mrs. Apgar tossed one of the lab coats to Emily. “Put that on dear,” and then began covering Jenna with the other one.

Hank Turner started to cover the crying girl with the lab coat, when a familiar and evil voice spoke from the doorway.

“I don’t think that’s in the spirit of this fundraiser,” acting principal Ritaworth sneered. “And I don’t think I’ll allow it.”

Turner looked furiously at the acting principal and walked over to her, as Mrs. Apgar helped Jenna to her feet. The two watched in shock as he punched Ritaworth square in the jaw.

“I don’t think I allow you.” He said as she fell to the floor. “Feel free to press charges, at least I’ll be able to live with myself over it.”

The conversation between Elba and Gunderson screeched to a halt at this. All the students in the classroom started aiming their phones at Hank Turner as he walked towards the center of the room and pulled a desk over. He climbed on the desk, reached up, and yanked the classroom camera out of the ceiling mount.

“In for a penny, in for a pound.” He said looking straight at Mr. Gunderson as he climbed down. “Come on you two,” He motioned to Emily and Jenna… and Mrs. Apgar by extension. “Let’s get you to the drama room and see how much of this damage we can undo. He got his arm around Emily’s lab coat covered waist and headed for the door. Stopping briefly to look at the heap on the floor that was acting principal Ritaworth. “You can bill me for this.” He tossed the camera at her with enough venom in his throw that when it missed her and hit the floor it broke into several pieces. He didn’t stop to look, but continued out the door with Emily.

Jenna and Mrs. Apgar were heading in the same direction, when Jenna stopped at the corner of the desk. She had seen Mr. Gunderson’s phone there and took a moment to look at the flurry of incoming text messages. It was on silent, so they just appeared with no sound. Jenna smiled and continued out the door. The last message she read was from Mr. Gunderson’s wife, it seems that his marriage was going to be history. “Larry, I’m filing for Divorce RIGHT NOW,” is what the message said.

Unaware of the message, but satisfied in the actions of Hank Turner, Mr. Elba decided he didn’t need to ride the history teacher much harder.

“Gunderson, you’ve always been a bully ever since we were kids and went to this damn school… but here’s the trick, moron. I know where the bodies are buried.” He turned to walk out, but stopped and turned back. “That’s not a threat, it’s a promise.”

Mr. Elba’s last action in the history class was to extend his hand and offer to help Mrs. Ritaworth up. As she reached for him, he retracted his hand. “You know, Mrs. Acting Principal, I do know a thing or two about acting. You suck at it.”

The Drama teacher walked out the door and closed it with a bang.

This whole damn thing was his stupid idea. It was a gamble it felt like it was paying off. He knew there would be some hinky shit along the way. He hadn’t thought it would be that bad. His short sightedness was his own attempt to bluff himself. It was time to call that bluff. …and since the website was down with no chance of giving refunds, he started thinking now might be the time cash out.

While the girls and their protectors headed for the drama room, Mr. Elba went to the Technologies classroom. At least 3 of the school board members were down there, it was time for a new plan for his nude plan.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 30- The Transition

Emily wasn’t part of the drama class this period, but today she would be. Normally she would be in Mr. Morris’s math class along with Lauren Wasnotski, who also wasn’t there. Lauren was the cheerleader who had caused Jenna so much trouble on Friday and girlfriend of Jacob who actually was in the drama class this period. As she walked to the drama room supported by Hank Turner the sexual assault counselor, she gave that information to him and sent a student to the attendance office to see Ms. Carol to send a note to Mr. Morris clearing the schedule alteration and keeping Emily out of trouble.

Jenna, not far behind the two, guided by Mrs. Apgar who most certainly was in the wrong place at the time, started to think she may have misjudged her father’s friend after his behavior in her home on Sunday.

The bell rang and Mrs. Apgar had to excuse herself. She did have to teach a class which had at least one drama student in it. She was afraid the students would become unruly if she wasn’t there, Jenna being near the safety of the Drama classroom and within sight of the other two was safer now.

She understood, thanked her thoughtful teacher and let Mrs. Apgar go to help the other students. After what had happened and the spectacle that had been created during Mr. Gunderson’s class, there were around 40 students in the school who would need the assistance of the good ones like Mrs. Apgar. Luckily, Jenna realized, since this was one of the two drama periods a little over a third of the naked students would be together in what she hoped was a safe place. It hadn’t been safe on Friday, but Mr. Elba’s actions today made her feel like today it might be.

Once inside the classroom, Jenna felt weird for a host of reasons, none the least of which she was now partially clothed by the lab coat in a room full of otherwise naked students.

The class had been without an adult in the room for a moment or two, so they launched into a hundred questions when the only authority figure they saw was Hank Turner-who had been introduced to them before homeroom.

Turner encouraged the two girls to go to the dressing room and clean up the best they could, but Jenna opted to stay in the class for now. Emily began to head towards the dressing room, but then decided to stay with Jenna as she felt safer not alone.

The class discussed with Turner and the girls abut what they had all experienced. Some of them wishing to be done with the fundraiser and not really caring about the status of the musical. While none had faced the level of activity that Jenna and Emily had, most had been forced to show off and pose in various ways throughout each of their previous classes. Several of the students had been coaxed into masturbation acts in front of their classmates. Cassie, the only freshman girl in the class, told of how she had been passed from student to student in her last class to be touched and fondled.

Surprising Jenna, Jacob was even having a hard time with everything. The novelty of being naked had worn off during the first period when he was asked to jerk off for his fellow students…while he had played it off and asked for assistance from other students, it was not jus the girls his teacher had allowed to come up and pump him, but also boys. He penis had become red and chaffed. Some of the boys (and girls) had squeezed too hard or pulled too hard and he was definitely in pain, but not allowed to go to the nurse. Hank let him go to the nurse at this point, as it was the only appropriate solution.

The tone in the room had become very different than it was on Friday. There was no longer a mixture of nerves and excitement. It was very much fear. The students knew that after what had happened to Jenna, the Drama Club President and Emily, the school had been given permission to up their activities.

A handful of the students asked if they could put some of their clothes back on…even if only for this class. That was a request that Hank Turner had to deny. There was still a classroom camera on in the drama room. While his actions upstairs in the history room would have been simple enough to recreate, those actions would be unmotivated now…and outside of the spirit of the innocent intention of the fundraiser.

There was a small commotion outside the classroom. Turner assumed that this was it and the acting principal had spoken to the resource office and was there to get him.

That was not the case. It was several of the other drama club kids from other classes. Still naked, but now here among friends. Mr. Elba had been having the students tracked down and pulled out of their classes, sending them down to the drama class for a meeting.

This batch of students included Carly, who walked straight to Jenna to give her a hug. Jenna held her at bay for a second, warning her friend that she had not cleaned up yet and was still covered in urine and other fluid…Carly was not dissuaded from her action.

The batch of nude students continue to trickle in and find seats or stand along the edges.

Jenna took it upon herself to grab the book from Mr. E’s office and start doing a headcount attendance check for Drama Club. Their teacher wasn’t there yet to tell her do it, but she knew it had to be done. As she emerged from the office, and looked at the room full of her naked peers, she shrugged off the lab coat. The room applauded her as she stepped up to the rostrum on the small raised stage in their drama room to take attendance. There was no humiliation, derision or embarrassment in this applause. They were applauding her strength to continue on in the face of adversity.

Jenna looked out in the crowd and over to Emily. She gave her friend a smile and made a gesture meant to signify that this applause was for both of them. Emily, still in her lab coat, smiled back at Jenna with relief and appreciation.

Scanning the room to make check attendance, Jenna spoke up to the masses, “You can keep talking, but keep it down to a murmur. I don’t know everyone just yet and if I call a name, I need to make sure they hear it.”

The drama club complied. It wasn’t hard to keep the volume down. They truly did want to talk about their experiences with their friends, showing support and expressing anger… but the looks and postures told stories. While Carly was driven to hug Jenna, there was very little touching apart from hands to hands with squeezes of support. They had known touching during the 2 periods and change thus far, their bodies wanted a little less of that now.

Jenna did indeed need to ask for a few names, but for the most part was able to find all the students she needed. There were only two missing, by her count and she knew them both: Jacob-who had gone to the nurse’s office, and Sarah- the pixie cut blonde who had become a fast friend in these difficult times.

With the fundraiser website down, Jenna didn’t know where Sarah would have been. She beckoned Turner over.

“I’m missing one student. I need to find her. I’m going to the attendance office to see where she is and bring her here.” Jenna told the man with a severe degree of urgency in her voice.

He agreed with a nod of his head, “Good luck, Jenna. Bring her home.”

With that she was off on her mission. Heading out of the class and down to Ms. Carol in desperately seeking Sarah.


