Soccer Mom’s Rivalry
by Humilatron

Sharon Michaels and Janette Duncan were considered the two hottest moms in the town of Falkstar. They also had the biggest rivalry. They were constantly making wagers usually just a monetary wager, but everyone knew if you needed a moment of entertainment, you wanted to be with Janette and Sharon. Both of them had sons who were on the football and soccer team and daughters who were on the softball and lacrosse team.

Sharon was a young mom at 38 years old and aged really well. She has dark skin and long black dreads. She had sizable breasts and a very very hairy pussy that she kept trimmed. She also had a massive butt and wasn't afraid to flaunt it out for the boys in the back row.

Janette was the opposite. She was only 35 years old but also aged well. She had long straight red hair, pale face, and a slim body. Her ginger genes left freckles dotting her cheeks, smaller breasts and a smaller but, but still turned on those who looked.

Today was the big game of the year. The Super Bowl of High School, the championship game. Sharon's son Derek and Janette's son Thomas were both star quarterbacks for the opposite teams. "Green 52 Blue 31, Hike!" Thomas called out as the team had lined up after receiving the ball and bringing it up to the 30 yard line.

Sharon and Janette bitterly sat next to each other as they watched the game unfold. "Alright, Sharon. We're constantly making bets and wagers. This is the big game and both our sons are playing against each other. So, let's make this interesting. The loser's team has to strip buck naked and be spanked bare ass in the front entrance and then after the spanking they have to WALK home with their hands at their sides taking the main road," Janette said with a smirk on her face.

"If you wanted to show off your skinny white ass, all you had to was say so," Sharon retorted. "Alright, deal. If the Jaguars win I'll strip for you, but if the Tigers win you'll strip for me. Get ready for an ass whoopin."

"Please, my son is so much better than your son. You don't have a chance," Janette smirked.

A few hours later, and many trash talks later, the game was tied. It was the final quarter. 5 minutes on the clock. The Jaguars were received the ball and were getting ready to kick a 30 yard field goal to win the game. The kicker lined up as the ball was tossed, but as he ran to kick the ball, a player from the opposite team ran in front and managed to knock the ball down at the tip and bring it down and took off running from the 30 to the 40, the 50, the 40, the 30, the 20, the 10.... until he was finally tackled, but it was too late. The Tigers were in the best position and now had the ball.

Derek came onto the field and within 5 minutes, the Tigers scored a touchdown and the extra point . With only 5 minutes left, the Jaguars received and took the field at the 25 yard line. Thomas was set up to do a Hail Mary as that was the only way they would be able to win or at least tie and go into overtime. He hiked the ball and stepped back looking for an opening but just as he moved to throw the ball, a linebacker pushed through and sacked him.

As he did, Thomas's right hand fell back and dropped the ball. The linebacker and Thomas both jumped for the ball, but the linebacker grabbed it first before he was tackled to the ground. With two minutes left to play, and the Jaguars losing possession of the ball, the Tigers won the game by 14 points and Janette paled in response.

She gulped as she looked at Sharon who had a big smile on her face. "Get strippin'," Sharon said with a smile. "It was your idea anyways so you can't complain."

Janette frowned but nodded as she pulled off her Jaguar shirt and pants. She shivered from the coldness of the night as she stood wearing a set of Victoria's Secret's revealing lingerie which she had meant for only her husband to see.

Sharon laughed as she took Janette's hand and brought her to the front gate in only her lingerie. Despite the night hours, the front gate was well lit putting Janette under a sort of spotlight as Sharon bent her over and pulled the her bra off leaving her in only her revealing panties as everyone began to gather around.

It was then Janette began to plead and beg. "Please, I'm sorry. Please don't take my panties down. Please don't spank me in front of all of these people!"

"What's wrong? This was your idea. You made the bet, now you need to pay up," Sharon smirked as she grabbed the waistband of Janette's panties and yanked them down to the ground. Janette blushed as her bare cheeks were already a little red. "Oh what's this? It looks like someone has already spanked you."

Everyone laughed at that as Janette blushed a deep red from embarrassment.

"I guess that either means mommy still spanks her naughty little girl or... heh someone likes it during bedtime. Which one is ir?" Sharon teased and mocked. "I guess we'll find out."

SMACK SMACK SMACK

Sharon began to smack Janette's ass hard and fast as grandparents, parents, teenagers, and more all gathered around watching Janette's demise. The kids were sent inside the school so that they wouldn't see any of this as Janette's bottom continued to get redder and redder. Janette bit the bottom of her lip trying not to give anything to Sharon.

Sharon stopped spanking Janette for a moment as she stood bent over with her legs apart. Janette looked back in confusion. Sharon took the opportunity to begin to spread and pull Janette's cheeks wide open. "No!" she cried. "Don't!"

But Sharon ignored her as she pulled Janette's cheeks wide open putting her asshole on display as she continued to spank her. "Why don't you just tell everyone the truth? Tell everyone why your bottom was so red before I even laid a finger on you. It doesn't matter what you say, either one is embarrassing, so make sure you're honest," Sharon instructed as she held a microphone up which was hooked to the speakers the announcers use.

Janette blushed as she looked down in shame. Yes, either one WAS embarrassing. To either be 25 and still spanked by her parents or her husband doing it to her during bedtime because it turned her on. Janette gulped. "I...I was spanked...I was spanked by my mom. It...it's not some kink fetish."

Sharon laughed at that along with everyone else. "There you have it everyone, Janette still gets spanked by her mommy. Why were you spanked? How were you spanked?"

Janette bit her lip wanting to run away. Wanting to lie. Wanting to fall into the ground. But something compelled her to be truthful. "I was spanked over my mom's lap bare ass naked because I...she found out I borrowed money from her."

"Wow you stole money from your mommy too. How ungrateful. Well, it's time for your journey home. So get going," Sharon said. "I'll be following close behind so make sure you keep your word."

Sharon spanked her one more time as they filed out and Janette began her walk home.


Janette’s Walk of Shame

Janette Duncan felt absolutely humiliated. She was spanked on her bare bottom by her longtime rival, Sharon Michaels, and now she was forced to walk home completely naked with her arms at her sides. She only had herself to blame too. She was the one who proposed the bet, and now she was the one suffering. True to her word, Sharon followed behind her, walking with her, making sure that Janette kept her word. As they walked, Sharon was typing on her phone, texting. Janette was curious what Sharon was texting, but Sharon had the back of the phone pointed at Janette.

Janette heard car honks and flinched. Suddenly Janette heard a click. She looked up at Sharon to see her holding her phone, taking a picture. Janette instinctively covered herself. When she did, Sharon smacked her hands. “No covering,” Sharon scolded. “Do that again and you’ll regret it. In fact, stop walking.”

Janette reluctantly stopped.

“Put your hands behind your head,” Sharon instructed while Janette complied.

Janette squirmed while Sharon stood in front of her, snapping away pictures, but she didn’t dare move. Then, Sharon walked behind Janette and continued taking pictures. “Alright, keep walking, but keep your hands behind your head, don’t you dare drop them no matter what.”

Janette complied. She felt more exposed having to have her hands behind her head rather than to the sides. Sharon grinned as she walked with Janette the rest of the way to her house. Just before they reached Janette’s house, however, Sharon grabbed her and shoved her to the ground. “Hey!” Janette yelled.

Sharon pulled Janette’s legs over her head and pinned them down. Janette squirmed and squirmed, hands still behind her head. Her entire lower half was completely exposed. Sharon smacked Janette across her lower half a few times and grinned. Then, Sharon said. “I just want to make sure everyone has the opportunity to see you just like this.”

“Wait, Sharon,” Janette cried. “Please, w-what are you...”

Sharon pulled out an air horn and tied it to Janette’s hands so that it pressed down, and then she tied Janette so that she couldn’t move. Janette’s eyes widened and she rapidly shook her head. She knew it was only a matter of time before people started filing out. “Everyone’s going to see you naked,” Sharon grinned.

Sharon took several pictures as she waited with Janette. Janette squirmed, desperately not wanting to be caught like this. Then, Sharon took the airhorn away. She untied Janette altogether. Janette at first was confused, but Sharon smiled. “Now the real show begins,” Sharon said.

Janette then saw it. Stepping out of her house, was her mom. And she didn’t look happy. Janette gulped as her mom approached her. “Mom,” Janette said, moving her hands to cover herself.

“Move your hands. You were not given permission to cover yourself,” Janette’s mom said.

Janette whimpered, but moved her hands back behind her head. She felt so humiliated she had to do this in front of her mom. She also saw people coming out of their houses, watching everything unfold. “M-mom, please,” Janette said. “Let’s do this inside.”

“No,” Janette’s mom said. “You’re the one who decided to take a foolish bet and costing your dignity. Now you need to be punished for being a skank. Look at you, you shaved yourself bare like some whore. You wear lingerie like some prostitute, and you also stole my money like a hooker. I am not pleased, Janette. Not pleased at all.”

“Mom, please. I’m sorry. The lingerie was just supposed to be for Matthew,” Janette cried.

“I don’t care who it was for. A woman like you should NEVER dress in such underwear,” Janette’s mom said. “Now, Sharon has been kind to me. She let me know you were coming home and the state of which you were dressed and even told me all about the bet and what it entailed. Because of this, I was able to fetch a nice chair.”

Janette’s mom pulled a big chair and positioned it before sitting down. Janette’s eyes widened. “No,” Janette cried. “You can’t.”

Sharon grabbed Janette and picked her up and laid her across the arms of the chair. Because of the positioning of the chair. Janette’s bare bottom pointed out to the street and right at the neighbors who were all watching. Sharon then started recording everything. Janette squirmed, but Janette’s mom placed one hand on her back so that she couldn’t move and one hand on Janette’s bare butt cheek. “I’m going to tan your hide just like I did a few days ago,” Janette’s mom said. “Don’t ever think you’re too old to be spanked by your mom.”

Janette closed her eyes as she felt her mom start to smack her bottom. She couldn’t believe she was being spanked by her mom in front of Sharon and her neighbors. Even worse, it wasn’t long before she started kicking her legs and crying. Her mom spanked hard and fast and her bottom had already been sore from Sharon’s work. She couldn’t believe it and then she heard the one thing she never wanted to hear. “Mom?”

Janette laid ashamed across her lap knowing that her son was watching her get spanked. In fact, she heard others muttering. Janette wasn’t sure how many were watching as her mom continued to spank her, but eventually Janette was let up and when she was, she stared and gasped. “No,” she cried.

She saw her son, all of his teammates, and Sharon’s son and all of his teammates watching. Janette felt her knees give in as she realized they all saw her getting spanked like a little kid across her mom’s lap. “I’m so glad you agreed to host the after party, Janette,” Sharon grinned. “Remember you said you would last week.”

“I have everything all set up,” Janette’s mom said with a smile. “Including Janette’s spot.”

Janette gulped as her mom guided her in. Sure enough, the whole house was decorated for a party, but in the center of it all was Janette’s spot, her corner that was even marked as “Janette’s Corner” as she was made to stand there, facing the wall, hands behind her head while the others partied. Janette felt so embarrassed and humiliated and didn’t think it could get any worse. And then it did. Sharon reached over and turned a television on. When she did, Janette saw herself, her front self as she stared into the corner with her hands behind her head. Then Janette saw it, a camera hidden in front of her, connected by a wire to the television. Everyone could see her front half along with her bare red back half. All the guys cheered with delight as they saw it in full HD.

Janette was truly humiliated.