The Swingers
by PennyG ©

Brad and I had been dating since our sophomore year in high school. We did 
not know it at the time, but Brad was to be my first husband. We were now 
out of high school by a year and a half and both of us had jobs close to 
each other. There was a large county park about 5 minutes away from where 
we both worked. In nice weather we would meet there for lunch when our 
lunch hours coincided. We both brown bagged it on those days and since we 
both worked about five minutes from the park we had about fifty minutes to 
sit and talk and enjoy each other.

On one particular day in the spring of that year we had sex as I sat on 
the top of a picnic table. There were a lot of other people in the park at 
the time and we were in view of about forty or fifty other people when we 
had sex that day. Because we were so discrete about it no one even 
realized what we were doing. It was a fantastic experience for me and 
after that first time there was seldom a lunch hour, on which we met, that 
we didn't have sex right there in public in the park. Each time it was an 
exciting experience and with each of those experiences we grew bolder, 
however we kept things very discrete and private even though we were in 
public.

Being an exhibitionist was nothing new to me. As I grew up I had learned 
how exciting it was to sunbathe in the nude. I grew up in the country on a 
farm where there was a great deal of privacy, even outdoors. There was 
only my twin brother, my Mom and I so I didn't have a big family to worry 
about seeing me. Because I was so close to my twin brother I was never 
concerned about him seeing me nude. We had both seen each other naked many 
times and it was no big deal for him to see me. My Mom would have probably 
killed me had she known that I sunbathed outside completely naked but she 
worked and she was never home when I did it. I also used to hang the 
laundry out in the nude on very hot days and sometimes I would do my 
chores naked because it was much cooler on hot days to go without clothes.

A few weeks after our first experience of having sex in public, we met for 
lunch and were sitting on the swings next to the picnic table after we had 
eaten lunch. We were facing opposite directions, as we usually did, so 
that we were facing each other when we stopped swinging. I had on a very 
full skirt once again and was swinging rather high. The wind was making my 
dress billow up in the air and I was rather exposed as I swung. Each time 
we swung backward he could easily see my dress billowing up exposing my 
bare legs completely.

"Do you realize how high your dress is blowing?" Brad asked me.

"Yes, and it feels really good," I replied.

"Those people down there can probably see up your dress," he commented, 
motioning to the people down hill from us, having a picnic.

"They probably can see up my dress and they can see more than you think; I 
am not wearing knickers right now," I told him in a sing song manner.

"You naughty girl; you didn't tell me that before," he chided me.

"That's because you didn't ask and you didn't check to see what I was 
wearing under my skirt," I quipped back at him.

"Now that I know, you have me all hot and bothered," he informed me.

"And what are you going to do about it," I teased him.

"You want to go back over and sit on the table for me?" he questioned.

Slowing my swing to a halt I looked over at Brad and with a coy look on my 
face I asked, "How would you like to try something new?"

He looked at me with a quizzical look on his face but didn't answer me.

I waited till Brad's swing stopped then stood and walked over to him. I 
stood in front of him and asked, "Can I swing with you?"

"What do you mean? What are you up to?" he asked me.

"Just trust me," I answered him with a grin.

I stood in front of him trying to act mysterious and look coy with one of 
my little girl looks. Brad seemed a little skeptical about what I wanted 
to do. He was usually in charge but this time I had taken control of our 
activities and left him in the dark.

"Just let me sit over your lap," I instructed him. "Let me straddle you."

Brad stood slightly, still holding onto the chains on each side of the 
swing, as I stepped forward until I was almost touching him as we stood 
face to face.

"OK, now lean over to one side," I instructed him as I motioned with my 
hand toward his right.

As he leaned to his right I lifted my right leg and slipped it up over the 
swing seat on his left. I grasp the swing chains in my hands also and as 
he leaned the opposite direction I lifted my left leg and slung it over 
the swing seat on the other side of him. He then sat back down on the 
swing seat and I slid forward onto his lap, straddling his body and facing 
him.

We sat there like that for a minute as he wrapped his arms around me and 
we kissed, pulling me tight against his chest.

I had not worn knickers or stockings to lunch that day so my bare legs were 
pretty much exposed almost up to the top of my thighs. My skirt was 
covering the remainder of me. I was wearing a full skirt which hung down 
behind me, covering my bare bum. My skirt cascaded down over his legs 
which were protruding out from underneath me and behind me.

I had never told Brad but I had once seen a couple on a swing when I was 
up at the lake. They were sitting just the way that we were. As I sat 
there over Brad's lap I related to him what I had seen that day.

It was in a picnic grove removed from the beach but they were both wearing 
swim suits. I was with my Mom and brother and some other relatives. 
Everyone else was down on the beach but I had returned to our picnic table 
because I was hungry. I was sitting alone at the picnic table with a snack 
and a Coke when this young couple caught my eye.

I don't know what it was about this couple that caught my eye, they were 
not unlike any other couple that you might see at the beach, but I watched 
them anyway. He was kinda good looking but not outstanding. She was 
smallish with blonde hair. Her build was slight which gave her very little 
shape and small breasts. Although they were just an average young couple 
you could tell by the way they acted toward each other, and the way they 
looked at each other, that they were very special to each other.

I tried acting out some of what I was relating to him in my story and at 
this point I kissed him, but this time I made sure that it was a long deep 
wet kiss.

After our kiss I went back to my story:

As they walked thru the sparsely populated picnic area holding hands it 
was obvious to me they were looking for someplace that might afford them 
some privacy. There was no place that they could go off to and be alone. 
The whole area was wide open and they were in plain view of everyone 
there.

She led them over to a set of large swings and she sat down on a swing 
while he stood in front of her as they talked. She moved the swing from 
side to side in a nervous fashion as they talked. After a few minutes of 
talking she stood up and he sat down on the swing. She sat down on his lap 
straddling him with her legs spread; one leg on each side of his hips. She 
wrapped her arms around him and held herself to him as he held on to the 
chains supporting the swing and he started them swinging.

I could see that she was grinding herself against his lap as they began 
swinging higher and higher and that they were both enjoying what she was 
doing. He seemed to get into the act by thrusting upward when he pumped 
the swing, pushing himself up hard against her open crotch. The faster 
they swung and the higher they went the more furious their rubbing 
together became.

It was a beautiful sight, watching this young couple, obviously very much 
in love, pleasuring each other in the best way that they could.

As I related the story I sat there grinding my nakedness under my skirt 
against the hardness inside his pants. Brad had started the swing moving 
ever so slightly as I talked. He was pushing himself up against my spread 
crotch, responding to my actions.

I wasn't nearly as nervous this time as I had been the first time. I 
didn't care if others were watching us. My libido had climbed to a point 
at which nothing else seemed as important as satisfying my desires. I 
could feel, by his actions that he was just as excited as I was. 

The idea of going pantiless was always exciting to me. Sitting here in a 
public place, grinding myself against his hardness just raised that level 
of excitement. What was really fantastic about what we were doing was that 
I was rubbing my bare pussy against him under my dress with many people 
all around us and no one but Brad and I knew what I was doing. My 
excitement level was rising in leaps and bounds 

Brad had maintained his position on the swing, facing the people that were 
downhill from us when I sat down on his lap on the swing. This meant that 
as we sat there grinding ourselves together he could look over my shoulder 
at all the other people that were in the area where we were. I had to look 
over my shoulder to see the other people there. Knowing there were other 
people that could see us while I was naked under my skirt and grinding my 
bare pussy against his hardness thru his pants added to my excitement. I 
felt very naughty and I love feeling naughty. Looking over my shoulder I 
could see that no one was paying any attention to us but we were doing 
something sexual in front of them, even if they weren't paying attention 
to us, and that excited me even more.

Turning my face so that my mouth was directly in front of his ear I 
whispered, "Would you like to be inside me right now?"

"You know I would," he whispered in a soft voice.

"Ok, then stop the swing," I suggested.

We weren't swinging very high so Brad just put his feet down on the ground 
and stopped us immediately.

I slid back on his lap, toward his knees, until I was almost off of his 
lap. Then I lifted my legs and pulled them from around him and stood up. 

As I stood directly in front of him, shielding him from the vision of the 
other people, I instructed him, "Go ahead and open your pants."

This time he was the one looking around to see if anyone was watching us. 
He reached down and opened the front of his pants, pushing them to the 
side. Next he pushed the front of his underwear down then stood slightly 
so that he could push his pants and underwear down almost over his hips. 
His hard penis popped out from under the elastic band of his briefs and 
stood straight up in the air.

Quietly I said, as I looked down at his erection, "Wow! You sure are 
hard."

Brad just looked up into my eyes and smiled at me. He still seemed a 
little nervous about what we were doing but now that he understood what we 
were going to do he seemed a little more relaxed.

Lifting my legs once again I placed them on each side of his hips and sat 
back down on his lap, straddling him and facing him.

With me now sitting on his lap, Brad reached up and grasped the chains of 
the swing once again. I leaned back slightly, until I could look down 
between us and see his erection. I then reached down and took his erection 
in my hand and, watching what I was doing, I wrapped my fingers around it 
and stroked it a couple of times. Looking up into his eyes I grinned then 
scrunched forward on his lap until his rigid penis was touching my pussy. 
With his penis in my hand I guided him to the entrance of my vagina then 
held it in place as I slid farther forward, burying it easily inside my 
vagina. Being as wet as I was I had no problems accepting his penis into 
my vagina; he slipped in very easily.

With his penis now partially buried inside me I wrapped my arms around him 
and we kissed passionately. When our embrace broke and we stopped our kiss 
I reached up and grasp the swing chains just below Brad's hands and pushed 
forward with my pelvis as though I was pumping the swing. As I did I 
pushed his erection deeper inside my body.

He back pedaled with his feet then lifted his feet so that we started to 
swing with him going forward and me moving backward. When we reach the 
fullest extent of the back swing I lifted my feet and leaned back, pulling 
on the chains as I normally would, to pump a swing. When I did this I 
pressed down into his lap forcing his penis deeper into my vagina. As I 
swung forward Brad was swinging backward. When we reached the end of the 
back swing again, in Brad's direction, Brad pushed his feet out in front 
of him and I dropped my feet down, causing his penis to slip slightly down 
my vagina. He leaned back and pulled back on the swing chains, pumping in 
his forward direction. When he pumped he pushed his penis upward forcing 
his penis back up and deep into me.

The motion of both of us pumping was forcing the swing to go higher and 
forcing his erection in and out of my vagina. It was as though he was 
taking long slow strokes in and out of me when we made love on a bed, 
except in this case we were out in public in full view of forty or so 
people and on a swing. We had created a see saw type of motion and our 
rhythm was constant and repetitive.

We had just barely begun to swing but were going pretty high when out of 
the woods above us walked a couple probably twice our age. They were 
walking hand in hand and smiling, coming down the hill directly toward us. 
Brad's back was toward them and I was facing them.

I whispered in his ear, "Someone is coming behind you."

"What do you want me to do?" he asked.

"I don't know, I guess we just keep swinging," I replied.

We were swinging and, at the same time, he was deep inside me. My dress 
was covering us from my back and the sides as it cascaded down over my 
butt and his legs but my dress was not covering my legs, which were naked 
to the tops of my thighs and sticking straight up in the air each time 
that I pumped the swing although it was bunched between us in front of me, 
hiding what we were doing. My dress was billowing out behind me each time 
that the swing went forward in my direction but it quickly came back down 
when we changed directions. I could feel the fresh air on my bare bum.

"Don't pump the swing, just let it die down until they pass us," he 
suggested to me.

As they approached us I could feel the guy's eyes on my bare legs, trying 
to see as much as he could. Being in this position, impaled on Brad's 
swollen penis, with this couple looking at us, was really exciting me. 
Although they could see that we were in a strange position, I didn't think 
they knew what we were doing but it still really excited me.

As they approached I looked straight at them and smiled as did Brad when 
he turned his head. It was at that point that the guy spoke up, "You two 
sure look like you're having a lot of fun. We have seen you here before 
and you always seem to enjoy each others company. You remind us of a 
couple little kids, the way you're always having fun."

I smiled and bashfully said, "Thank you," because that was all that I 
could think of to say.

As they passed us the woman looked back at Brad and grinned. When she did 
Brad knew that she knew exactly what we were doing. 

Once they were out of ear shot I told Brad, "They didn't even suspect what 
we were doing."

"No, I think they knew exactly what we were doing," he informed him.

I started pumping the swing again as I asked him why he thought that.

"Because my bare ass is hanging off the back of the swing seat and I am 
sure that they saw it," he explained.

I let go of the swing chain with my left hand, holding tightly with my 
right hand, and leaned forward so that I could reach behind him with my 
free left hand. I quickly ran my hand down his back to feel his butt. His 
shirt tail was hanging down over his naked butt, but the top of his pants 
were under his thighs against the swing seat and his bare butt was very 
visible when his shirt tail billowed up in the air.

Taking hold of the swing chain again with my left hand I looked at him and 
giggled ,"You're right; your bare butt is hanging out the back."

"I think that is why that woman turned around and gave me such a big 
grin," he stated.

"Well, you do have a nice butt. You should be proud of it," I exclaimed, 
then busted out laughing.

"What's so funny?" he asked me.

"If it were me I would have showed off my naked butt proudly, but you seem 
to begrudge the poor woman a good look at your sexy butt," I laughed.

Brad ignored my comment and started to pump harder and swing higher. With 
each pump of the swing, on his part or mine, his penis was forced into my 
vagina in a very rhythmic motion. Each time he pumped the swing and drove 
his penis deep into me, his pubic bone crashed into my pussy, crushing my 
clitoris between us and increasing the fantastic sensations that I was 
receiving. It felt really good, making love like this, but it was the idea 
that we were doing it here in front of everyone else that really excited 
me. I had that full feeling that a girl gets when her guy is deep inside 
her. The motion that his penis was making deep inside my body was 
fantastic, along with the excitement of having sex in public.

As we swung higher and faster my dress began blowing up in the air behind 
me and I am sure that my bare butt was showing for all the world to see. 
The excitement of being exposed in public heightened my arousal. The more 
excited I became, the harder I pumped the swing, trying to make it go 
faster and higher, which in turn raised my passions, causing me to become 
even more excited.

As we pumped the swing harder and faster the speed of our rhythm 
increased, raising our passions higher. 

I could feel my libido climbing higher. That wonderful queasy, feeling 
deep between my legs, was forming as we swung higher and his penis pumped 
in and out of me more rapidly. My vagina was becoming extremely sensitive. 
Brad was now leaning way back each time he pumped the swing driving his 
rigid penis harder and deeper into my vagina. Each time that he leaned 
back to pull on the swing chains I could feel him buck his pelvis up 
forcing himself deeper into me and harder against me.

Brad had always loved having me talk dirty to him when we were making 
love. He liked me to say things to him that I would not ordinarily say. It 
excited me also, to say these things to him in the heat of passion. I 
started to whisper encouragement to him in the dirty language that he 
loved.

"Fuck me hard, Baby!" I told him. "I want your cum!" "Give it to me!" 
"Fill my cunt with your cum, Honey!"

I intentionally held my voice down so that I didn't attract any attention 
to us.

With each dirty phrase I uttered I became more and more excited. By now we 
were making wild passionate love to each other. He was ramming himself 
hard into me. My pussy was burning with desire and I couldn't get enough 
of him inside me. I wanted it as fast and hard as he could give it to me.

My heart was pounding; my breath was now coming in gasps; my head was 
spinning. My whole being was centered in the pleasure that I was receiving 
between my legs. I gripped the swing chains in a death grip. My orgasm was 
climbing from deep within my groin and radiating out to my every 
extremity. The swing was now going high enough and fast enough that my 
stomach was fluttering at each end of its arc, just as it changed 
directions.

I felt Brad stiffen as he jammed his rigid throbbing penis as deep into me 
as he could. When he did, I pressed my cunt down onto his cock and we both 
stopped moving at that point. The swing was still going really high as I 
pressed hard against him and he pushed himself deep into me. At the same 
time, my orgasm climbed to the top and my muscles tensed as I stiffened 
also. Just before I closed my eyes I saw his face grimace and contort in 
the pleasure that he was receiving. I closed my eyes in ecstasy and I felt 
him explode deep inside my body. His cock throbbed as it gushed its warm 
cum deep inside me.


The Swingers
by PennyG ©

My vaginal muscle tightened around his hard cock and my anal muscles 
tensed, also. I was flying high on a fantastic orgasm. My stomach was 
quivering from my orgasm as it climbed higher and the action of the swing, 
causing my stomach to flutter, enhanced my orgasm beyond my wildest 
expectations. I wanted to cry out as I normally would have, had we been in 
private, but I knew that I could not do that in public. As my orgasm 
continued I felt as though we had gone up over the bar that the swing 
hangs from, four or five times.

Brad's cock, gushing over and over again deep inside my cunt, intensified 
an orgasm that just didn't seem to want to peak. Finally, after what 
seemed like a lifetime, my orgasm peaked and my release washed over me. I 
began to relax as my tight muscles loosened up. I had a tremendous feeling 
of well being deep inside myself. I felt satisfied and fulfilled.

We had both stopped pumping the swing during our orgasms and, when I began 
to come back to reality, it was slowing. My heart rate was slowing also 
and I began to catch my breath. I was still holding on to the chains that 
suspended the swing with a death grip. I felt like a rag doll. My mind 
stopped spinning and reality began to overtake the pleasure that I had 
just received. I had lost track of the fact that we were in public and 
that many people could see us, even if they were not aware of exactly what 
we were doing.

As the swing slowed we basked in the afterglow of our love making. I 
opened my eyes to see Brad's face with that slight grin on it that he 
always gets after making love to me.

I am not sure how much of us had been seen by the other people there in 
the park. I am not sure how long my bare butt was in their view because, 
in my state of rapture, I had lost track of all that was going on except 
that I wanted more and more of Brad deep inside me.

When the swing finally slowed its movement to a stop we both just sat 
there in our own little world. I could feel his penis shriveling inside my 
vagina, a feeling that I love to feel. We didn't say a word as we sat 
there enjoying each other. I tried clamping my vaginal muscles tight 
around Brad's shrinking penis, to hold it inside me, but it eventually 
slipped out of my body.

"Penny, that was fantastic. I don't think I have ever had an orgasm that 
strong," was his first comment.

I smiled at him in appreciation and said, "Neither have I."

Letting go of the chains that support the swing I wrapped my arms around 
him, pulled him to me and kissed him with an open mouth. Kisses after love 
making always seem to mean so much more and these kisses were no 
exception. 

After sitting in his lap for a while, regaining our mental composure, I 
lifted myself up, swinging my legs over the swing seat, and standing up. 
As I did I smoothed out my dress and straightened it, making sure that my 
legs and butt were completely covered. I stood close to him, directly in 
front of him, shielding him from the vision of the other people there. He 
rearranged his pants and shirt tail and zipped back up so that he looked 
presentable. After he stood up we walked back down the hill to the cars, 
past all the people that could have seen us. It excited me, being that 
close and almost face to face with people that might have seen us making 
love. Some may not have realized that we were making love but they mat 
have seen parts of my body that are not normally visible to the average 
passerby. 

As I drove back to work I wondered how many of these people saw my naked 
butt. I wondered how many of those people were watching us while we were 
making love. I also wondered how many of those people, if they watched us 
while we were doing it, actually realized what we were doing. Thinking 
about what we had done as I drove back to work excited me all over again.