Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 3

Josy stood there in Melanies room, waiting for Melanie to explain why shed run half naked through her garden just a few minutes ago.

Ahwhat do you mean? Melanie asked, hoping against hope that she didnt have to talk about it. She was feeling light headed. What did Josy see exactly?

Well, there I was just looking out my window and thought I saw movement in your garden. A moment later, I saw you run to your backdoor, dressed Josy was silent a moment.
or rather barely dressed, I should say. She giggled.

Melanie didnt know what to say. Why was the room spinning? She sat down on her bed.

What were you doing? Josy asked.

I dont

Why were you naked?

With these few blunt words, the world fell away beneath Melanies feet. Josy saw her, even if it was from a distance, she saw everything.

She turned away from Josy. Shed messed up so badly, how could she fix this? Could she try to deny it? Her heart was pounding in her chest.

Im sorry, she said in a strangled voice.

Sorry? What do you mean?

Sorry you saw me like that. Melanie fought to keep the tears at bay. How could she face her friend now? If only she hadnt panicked from that stupid cat. If only she hadnt taken it so far.

Melanie Josys tone was soft, kind. Not at all the laughter or ridicule Melanie was expecting.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and she initially recoiled at the touch. The hand stayed on her shoulder and it sent warmth through her body. This simple but gentle touch comforted her, calmed her fears.

Its ok, you dont have to be sorry about that. When I saw you just now, I guess you were spooked by something, but the way you skipped through the garden with your hair dancing around your shoulders looked almost magical, like you were enjoying it.

Josy was silent for a moment, moving closer and putting her arm around Melanies shoulder. She melted into the embrace, feeling acceptance in this touch and desperately wanted to move in for a hug.

Im not judging, just curious about whats going on.

Melanie turned around to look at her friend. Shed been afraid of being outed to the world. The words that came to her ears were kind words, however.
Though they were friends, they had never been that close, mostly friends of convenience.
Yet perhaps Josy could be someone she could trust, open up to even in this deeply personal matter. Perhaps it wouldnt be the end of the world to talk with her about it. Would she keep it between them?

Melanie opened her mouth a few times but no words came out. How could she begin to explain?

They heard the front door being opened, then closed again. Melanies mom was home.

Perhaps we can talk about it later. We need some place we can talk about this in private. Josy said.

Melanie was unsure she wanted to talk about it at all, but nodded. Were ok, right? Please dont tell my parents.

Of course, dont worry. Well keep it between us, but I think itll be good to talk about it, Josy smiled at her.

Okay, Melanie nodded.

With that they went downstairs to greet her mother and after a gesture from Josy, she followed her out the front door.

I think I know a good place to talk, Josy said once they were outside. Do you know the park road that runs along the houses near the highway?

Melanie tried to remember the spot. She didnt pass by there often.
Yes, but theres always people going through there. Not exactly a place to talk in private.

I know, but theres a little footbridge where you can cross the stream, just before it joins the river. On the other side is a small area of grass and small bushes surrounded by the streams. The bridge is the only way to get there, so theres no traffic passing through, Josy explained.

It sounded like a good place to talk to Melanie.
When? Tomorrow evening?

Saturday morning is better, leaving at 10? Dont worry Mel, I promise its okay, Josy said, moving in for a hug which Melanie gladly accepted. Hugging so tightly let the emotions wash over her and the dam burst as she felt tears forming in her eyes. After they broke off their hug, she quickly went back inside, hoping Josy hadnt noticed.

After briefly greeting her mom from the other room, she hurried up to her room.

That evening, Melanie kept going through the days events. Josy had seemed so genuine, but in school she was the perennial social butterfly, always talking to everyone about everything.
Would it be better to tell Josy the truth, or make something up? Try as she might, Melanie couldnt think of a convincing reason for running through her backyard half naked.

Saturday morning, that meant Melanie had one more day to figure it out. One whole day of worrying. No, she decided that day, shed face whatever was coming her way head on.

That night, it took a long time to finally fall asleep.

Friday came and went. The world hadnt ended, so whatever happened Melanie would deal with it. Working and socialising with fellow students and talking about ordinary things helped Melanie regain some semblance of normalcy.

Saturday morning, Melanie woke early. The thought of canceling with Josy popped into her mind several times. She still didnt know how she could begin to explain and whether Josy might understand.
Melanie dressed in faded jeans and a long sleeve shirt. She wasnt in the mood for shorts or a skirt. Besides, it was cloudy and not very warm this morning. These clothes were comfort food for her mind.

Deciding that canceling would merely delay the inevitable, it wasnt long before it was near 10 am and she got a text from Josy telling her she was outside.

On their way to the park, they kept the conversation light, talking about the week, plans for the weekend, etc.

Josy seemed casual, while Melanie was anything but. She went from thinking about how to explain to making excuses. Josy should mind her own business what she does in our backyard, she thought.

Its over here, Josy said.

They crossed the stream into the closed off area. There were some grassy spots, as well as some bushy areas. All in all, it was relatively open.
As Josy had explained, it was surrounded by the small streams that split before and joined with the river after the little outcrop. It would be a nice place for a picnic, werent it for the noise of the highway on the other side of the barrier on the far side.

There were no benches to sit on, Melanie noticed, but Josy took a cloth out of her bag, spread it out on the grass. Convenient.

Lets sit.

From here, the view to the path was mostly obscured by nearby plants.
They sat down. Melanie fidgeted, unsure where to begin.

So, how long have you been doing this naked outdoors thing? Josy asked in her typical no filter style.

Melanie turned towards Josy.
What? I dont go traipsing around naked in the outdoors all the time, if thats what you mean. Melanie was indignant.

But you were, Thursday. Josy looked and sounded genuinely curious this time.

Melanie turned away again, shoulders slumped.
Yes, butthat was an accident, she said lamely.

Uhm, youll have to explain that one, cause it doesnt make sense to me. Accident how?

Melanie stayed silent for a while. What can she say? Josy watched her sitting there.

This isnt easy to talk about, Melanie finally said. Her thoughts were a frustrating mess. Every time she grasped at a thought to put it into words, it slipped out of reach.

Then how about I ask some questions instead.

Melanie perked up at that suggestion. That might work.
Okay.

Are you a pervert, Melanie?

She jumped up to her feet, staring down at Josy.
Josy! What the hell!

Josy burst into laughter, while Melanie stood there in shock. However, soon Melanie was laughing along and sat down again.

But seriously, Mel, try to relax a little. Josy said, still in humorous mood.

Im not a pervert, Melanie said forcefully. She had to admit that Josys crude sense of humor made her relax a little.

But you enjoy showing a little skin? Josy asked in a neutral tone.

Still expecting a ribbing, Melanie sat up a little straighter, intent to defend herself.
Showing skin? As in putting myself on display for others? No, I dont think so. She kept a calm tone, then after figuring out how to explain it her tone softened. I enjoy feeling the sun on my skin

Melanie hesitated before saying the next few words, raising her knees and putting her arms around them.

Its like a craving, Melanie said and then quickly turned her face away. She immediately regretted saying it.

Josy thought back to the previous week, when shed seen Melanie in a similar outfit. Melanie had come from her backyard then as well. Apart from her obvious lack of bra, had she been bare below her skirt then as well?
Theyd gone into the backyard again, where shed seen her dad working on their hedge. She remembered that Melanie had seemed on edge then.

I see.

Josy was slowly beginning to understand her friend a little better and was trying to think of ways how she could to help her.

They sat in silence for a while, lost in thought.

Shall we go back soon? Its getting a bit warm, Melanie said. The sun had broken through the clouds and it was steadily getting warmer.

Id like to stay a bit longer, if you dont mind. Josy, who was wearing shorts, noted Melanies atire. You know, if youre getting too warm, She trailed off.

What? Melanie prompted her to continue.

you could shed some cover.

It took a moment for Melanie before she understood the import of those words.
Here? Now? she turned red at the thought.

She looked around at their relatively hidden location. If she were here by herself, she might think of removing some of her clothes. In front of Josy was a different matter. Talking about it with her was bad enough.
Maybe she could come back here by herself another time. It was more secluded than her backyard, despite being an open area. So far no one had bothered them there.

Up to you, Im just going to lie down for a while, said Josy.

Melanie lay back as well and let the idea mull over in her head. Its just the two of them. Could she take off her pants?
She looked to her side. Josy was laying there with her eyes closed, in just her shorts and blouse. Melanie was jealous of Josys exposed skin.
Besides, it was getting hot.

She unbuttoned her jeans and as quietly as she could she started moving it down over her hips. It was Josys suggestion after all, Melanie reasoned. Not like its her own idea to expose herself to Josy.
As her panties came into view, Melanie was glad she was wearing a nice pair, white with some lace around the edges.

After checking that Josy was still laying there with her eyes closed, Melanie worked her jeans down her legs. She already felt the relief from the smothering heat of her tight jeans. She removed her shoes and socks and pulled her feet out.

This is nice, Melanie thought as she laid back. Not much different than wearing a bikini to the beach. Well, panties are not exactly a bikini, but they covered the important bits, right?
She felt herself relax as the familiar feeling of both sun and surrounding air soothed her skin.

Are you okay there, Mel? Josy said a few minutes later, startling her.

Yeah It was hot, you dont mind, do you? Melanie asked hopefully as she pulled her shirt down over her panties.

If youre feeling hot, you should remove your shirt as well, Josy said, closing her eyes again.

Wait, what? Melanie was stunned by Josys brazen suggestion. Her shirt covered most of her body. By pulling it down, it even covered her panties.

Taking off her pants was borderline. She was still decent, she figured.
Taking off her shirt left her in just her underwear.

Sitting there with her long sleeve shirt, Melanie was thinking how much more comfortable it would be if she removed it.

Maybe we should go home, Melanie said, staring at her pants.

Do you really want that? Josy asked, raising herself on her elbows.

Melanie thought it over. She didnt really want to go home yet. She felt that craving she mentioned earlier, but it was fighting against her inner demons.

In school shed avoided showering after gym class, choosing to rush out early instead. Behind her back shed heard the snide remarks from some of the more popular classmates, making fun of her lack of curves. Boys never payed much attention to her at that time.

Her friends had told her not to worry about it too much, shed hit her growth spurt later. But even though she got some curves later on it had damaged her self image. Even in the last few years, shed avoided team sports so she wouldnt have to shower in public.

This past summer, she chose to stay home, making excuses whenever friends would go to the lake or beach. She was hoping to make new friends in college, start over without all the bagage, so to speak.

Aware that she needed to get more comfortable with her body, over the past few months she had used moments when her parents were away to go out into her backyard by herself.

Bit by bit she had dared herself to uncover more skin in different ways and found that she enjoyed it. Every time it felt like she expanded her horizon, like a quest of personal development.

But it had all been safe in her backyard. Alone and unseen, until last week, until now.
She was fiddling with the hem of her shirt. Baby steps, she thought.

No, we can stay, she said, finally answering Josys question.

Then remove your shirt.

Not so much a suggestion this time. So much for baby steps.

Can you turn the other way, please? Melanie asked nervously.

No, Josy said, sitting up and turning her way, and were not leaving before you take it off.

Where did that come from? Melanie gulped. This was even worse! Her heart was racing and she was trembling. Is this anxiety, she wondered.

Please, she begged.

Josy seemed to consider it and lay back down. Melanie watched Josy close her eyes.

She could do this, Melanie thought. With shaking hands, she started lifting her shirt. Josy opened an eye at the sound, a smile now on her face. It was a kind smile, Melanie realized, not a cruel one.

Her arms felt weak. It was a strain to pull her shirt up further and then it went over her head, temporarily shielding her view. It scared her not being able to see and she put more effort into it, taking it off and pulling her blonde hair out, she held it to her chest.

Josy smiled again, taking the shirt from her hands before laying back down again.

Good on you, Mel.

Melanie sat there for a few minutes, face red from more than just the heat. It had felt good to hear those encouraging words from Josy.

As her nerves settled her mind went back to her immediate surroundings.
Sitting there in just her matching panties and bra, she felt the sun on her skin. It brought back memories of past days in her backyard and those enjoyable moments.

She could enjoy this too. She lay back down, forcing her arms by her side.
After a moment she felt herself relax in the feeling of the sun on her skin, releasing tension all over her body. Occasionally she heard Josy move around a bit, reminding her she wasnt alone.

Melanie was happy she could lay there like that. She felt relaxed, comfortable and as the sun warmed her skin she felt the familiar stir deep down inside of her.

This is nice, isnt it? Josy asked after a little while.
Melanie, whod been relaxed and close to dozing off, was roused by the sound.

Yeah, it is. Melanie agreed, she was feeling better and better.

You know, I was wondering about something.

About what?

Youre shaved, right? Down there. Josy asked it in a calm voice, but Melanie was instantly alert again. That came out of nowhere.

What?!? Melanie said, opening her eyes to see Josy sitting up, looking at her.

I didnt get a good look the other day from my window, but I could tell you didnt have much hair down there.

Melanie blushed, didnt know what to say.

Can I see? Josy asked. Melanie turned even redder.

How can you ask that? And why? Melanie didnt know what to make of that question. Why would Josy want to see.

Just curious, I suppose. A learning experience? Josy asked.

As strange a request as it was, it intrigued her. Besides, shed already laid bare her secret earlier. She couldnt ignore the butterflies that awoke in her tummy.
I guess Melanie said, wondering what Josy was playing at. However, she didnt move her hands.

Josy waited for Melanie to say more. Nothing further forthcoming, she shrugged and figured Melanie just needed a little push.
She moved closer to Melanie, who couldnt believe Josy was so bold, then took the waistband of her panties between thumb and index finger, which prompted a sharp intake of breath, and pulled it up to take a peek down at Melanies mound.

Melanies heart raced, still unsure how to react. Was Josy really just looking down her panties like its the most normal thing in the world?

I cant see very well, Josy said after a moment. She moved even closer and said Lift your hips.

Melanie, feeling light headed by the surreal situation, felt compelled to comply as Josy took hold of both sides of her panties and slowly dragged them down.

Whatwhat are you doing? Melanie found her voice. Realizing her panties were getting pulled down by her friend, Melanies head was filled with conflicting emotions.

She couldnt believe she was letting Josy do all this to her. Somehow it felt right to just let her do her thing and be a passenger along for the ride.

It was strange getting undressed like this, in an open area freely accessible to anyone. The risk of someone walking in on them fueled both fear and excitement and somehow being a passive participant in her own exposure enhanced the experience.

Yet she didnt think she would trust a guy to do the same to her.
She had no feelings of attraction towards Josy and as far as she knew, Josy was the same. What was Josys motivation in all this? Could she trust her?

Josy pulled the panties furter down than Melanie had expected and stopped short of exposing her clit, letting the waistband rest on top of it. She slowly reached out her hand and to Melanies surprise let her fingers glide over the smooth skin.

Nice and smooth. Did you do this for your boyfriend, or a potential partner? Josy asked as she continued to touch her, yet she still sounded like this was nothing out of the ordinary. It lit a fire inside of her.

No, not for anyone. Idont like hair down there, so I remove it. It was unreal, talking to Josy and being touched like that.

Where are your tan lines? Youre a bit lighter down here, but I dont see any distinct lines. Josy asked, as she looked closely at Melanies pubic area.

Melanie was amazed at Josys brazen behavior. The touches and close attention sent tingles throughout her body. The question about her tan made her nervous and she was unsure how to answer.

I uh I may have experimented a little over the summer.

Ah, The vague answer seemingly satisfied Josy, as she continued looking for a moment before laying back down again. Thank you for showing me.

The sun, the open air, the exposed skin and the touches had Melanie high on arousal. She felt herself squirming with her legs and Josy seemed to notice.

Are you okay, Mel?

Uh huh.

Is this turning you on or something? She asked in an amused tone.

No! she lied as embarrassment washed over her.

Are you going to fix your panties? Josy asked, amused that Melanie was just laying there and not doing anything about it.

M maybe later.

Being exposed like this was exciting her and while talking about it was embarrassing, the direct attention to her state of undress increased the level of excitement she felt.

Hmmm, let me then. Lift your butt. Josy sat up and moved closer again. Melanie did as she was asked, letting Josy take control again, though she felt a pang of disappoinment that her fun time was over.
However, instead of pulling her panties back up as Melanie had expected, she gasped as Josy began pulling them further down.

Whatwhat are you doing? asked Melanie in a high pitched voice as her bare lips were exposed and she felt her panties go past her knees.

Josy didnt answer as she pulled Melanies panties further down and off her feet, putting them next to her bag.

How does it feel, Mel? To be naked except for your bra, here out in the open.

Melanie moaned, her arousal skyrocketed Oh fff why did you do that?

Haha, enjoy it, Mel, Josy said, Wow, it sure looks like you are!

Dont look! Both hands shot to her pussy, where she felt her own wetness. Damn, she was sensitive.

She lay there like that for a minute trying not to move her hands before begging Please put my panties back on.

Why not do it yourself? Theyre right here. I Have another suggestion though, just turn over on your stomach, Josy said.

What if someone comes, theyll see me! Melanie said, as she turned over.

Well be able to hear them coming. Josy said as she unclasped Melanies bra.

Melanie felt a touch her shoulder and as if understanding the unspoken command, she lifted her upper body. After allowing Josy to maneuver her arms through the straps of the bra, she felt Josy pull it away.

Josy! Melanie exclaimed. She was now completely naked.

As she lowered herself back down her hard nipples grazed the cloth sheet Josy had brought and it sent a wave of pleasure through her body. She bit her lip as she barely supressed another moan.

Youre a strange one, Mel, a naked strange one Josy said with a laugh and ignoring the question.

Melanie let out a long drawn out sigh. How did she end up here like this?

The whole experience had her high on arousal, yet underneath it all it felt liberating.
The fear of someone walking up to them dominated her thoughts, but Melanie couldnt deny how amazing it felt to lay there in the sun, completely naked.
During all her backyard adventures, shed never dared to go this far. It was new and exciting and still very scary.

They lay there for a while, in silence except for the noise from the highway and the rustling of leaves in the wind.

Cute butt, Josy said after a while. Shall we go home soon? Im sure we both have a lot to do today. Last chance to get some sun on your front.

Dont look please, said Melanie as she turned over on her back. She saw Josy briefly looking her over as she fought to keep her arms by her sides. Stop staring!

If youre like that, perhaps I should take my leave and take your clothes with me! Josy threatened.

No! Melanie sat up, reaching for her clothes.

Josy laughed and then said, relax, Im kidding, but maybe we should take a few pictures to remember this day.

Melanie shot her an warning look.

Maybe next time, Josy said as she checked the time on her phone. Melanie kept an eye on her till she put her phone down to make sure she didnt start taking pictures.

They lay there for another 15 minutes before leaving.
Though Melanie was extremely nervous someone might walk up to them, she was enjoying every minute of it. Somehow Josys presence didnt bother her so much anymore.

I hope you know you can trust me, Mel. Josy said as Melanie was pulling on her panties.

Aside from your cruel jokes? Yeah, I think so. Melanie said as she put her bra on her B-cup breasts. Hook my bra for me, you know the one you took off me earlier. I cant believe you undressed me.

I know, but it was fun, wasnt it? I hope that doesnt make things weird between us. I was just trying to give you a little push, Josy said, blushing.

Really? Youre the one blushing? Melanie asked incredulously. She laughed at how ridiculous it was that it was Josy who was embarrassed.

Yeah, were fine, she said as she pulled on her jeans.

It was time they headed home. Melanie took one last look around at the place where shed been naked just a few minutes ago and shook her head in disbelief.

They crossed the footbridge and Melanie checked the time again. It was just past noon, lunchtime.

So, since were fine, does that mean photos next time? Josy teased.

Melanie shivered as she imagined Josy taking pictures of her in various states of undress. Would that be pornography, she wondered.
The idea of having someone take pictures of her naked and outside excited her, but she would be destroyed if the pictures ended up online or worse, seen by her friends and family.

Absolutely notmaybeno, stopping putting these thoughts into my head.

I cant wait to tell my friends about this. More teasing.

Enough already! Melanie was getting exasperated as Josy laughed.

They walked in silence for the rest of the way. When they were nearing home, Josy spoke up again.

Do you want to come over for lunch? she asked.

Uh, yeah, sure. Ill just hop in and let my parents know, Melanie said. Wait, will your dad be there too?

Saturday lunch, he usually joins, said Josy, stopped walking and added in a wary tone Why?

Melanie turned red again as she walked a few steps further. She looked back at Josy who was standing there with a stern look on her face.

Melanie realized she shouldnt have asked it like that. Why hadnt she just casually asked if her parents will join for lunch. Now how will she get out of this.

Maybe its better I dont join for lunch.

Judging from Josys frown, that too was not the right way to get out of it.

Should I run for it? she asked Josy with a nervous smile.

