The Tickle Contest
by superevil7 

Part 4

Stacy had just whispered something into Emily’s ear that had caused her cheeks to turn a bright rosy red. It was pretty obvious that she had just found proof that Emily was really, really enjoying everything that we were putting her through today. Being tied up, having the last little bit of clothing she was wearing slowly stripped from her body, and being mercilessly tickled by us until she couldn't take it anymore.

Stacy looked like she was about to head for Em’s panties once again, but then she hesitated. She turned back to observe Bryan and myself for a few seconds, then got a wicked smile on her face. She gave another whisper to Emily's ear, and giggled out loud. “OH MY GOD!! STACY!!!?” Emily practically shrieked, then she too turned her head to look at us. To look at me. Stare at me. Stare directly at the front of my pants! Oh boy!! I guess it was impossible for me to hide just how excited I was about all of this too.

Stacy just giggled maniacally, moving down Emily’s body, until she once again had her fingers hooked into her panties.

“NO!!! NO!!! PLEASE!!!” Emily begged.

“Hang on, Stacy.” I said, and both girls now gave me a confused look. “You know, I think Em could use a little break. She's been lying on that couch for a long time now. What do you say, Em, do you want to get up and stretch out a bit?” I asked her.

Emily gave me just about the most hopeful look I’ve ever seen from her. Probably the most hopeful look I’d ever seen in my life to be truthful! “OH!!! YES!!! YES ERICK!!!” She almost sounded like she was laughing in joyous relief. “OH, THANK YOU!! THANK YOU!! THANK YOU!!”

“Erick, what are you doing!?” Stacy stared at me with pure disappointment.

“I’m the one in charge of this game.” I said. “This game was just meant for Emily and myself. I was polite enough to invite you to join, but you have to understand, I am still running things.”

Stacy gave a little scoff, but put her hands up as if she were surrendering, and she moved out of my way. I started by undoing the ankle knots around Emily’s feet, and then walked the few paces to her head, undoing her wrists as well. Emily sat up slowly, clutching her gown closed so she wouldn’t flash us all again, and got her barrings back. Then she finally stood up, and stretched her muscles from having lied prone for so long. It had been at least an hour since I had first tied her up, probably longer.

“Good Em?” I smiled at her, as she nodded her head at me. “Good. Now you know one of the agreements you made with Stacy was that we could tie you in different positions until 3 pm today.”

“Yeah…?”

“Well, have I got just the thing for you?” I gave her a great big grin. “In fact I’d like it to be a surprise. So shut your eyes.”

“What is it?” She looked at me, very suspicious now.

“Just close your eyes.” She hesitated for a few more moments, but then compiled, and I went over to my little bag of tricks, and got what I wanted. Stacy almost let out a loud giggle when she saw what I was getting, but I just gestured for her to keep quiet. I knelt down at Emily’s feet as she still just stood there with her eyes closed, and then… Click! She looked down at me in shock, and then down at her ankles, finding I had just locked her legs together with fuzzy pink handcuffs!

“What the hell!!!” She yelled at me.

“You wanted to move around a little, honey. This way you can move around the house all you want, but technically you're still secured. Isn’t that genius?” I couldn’t stop my shit eating grin as she just stared at me in a daze.

“Now, you did already agree to one more trade with Stacy. So you need to decide right now. Are you giving up your sexy teddy, or your cute little panties?” She just stared at me incredulously. “I’ll even be kind enough to let you take it off yourself, since you have the ability of movement at the moment.”

I could see it written all over her face. How she really wanted to fight, and not give up any of her remaining clothing, but something inside of her gave in. “You can take the teddy…” She hung her head, looking resigned and beaten.

“I said you could take it off yourself.” I held my hand out to her, expecting her to hand over the garment.

She gave a small sigh, and then shuffled her feet until she was close enough to whisper to me. “I don’t think I can… Please, you just do it…”

She looked up at me with those adorable baby blue eyes. How could I deny a request from her like that? “Of course I’ll do it for you, honey.” She shut her eyes, and let her arms drop down to her sides, as I took hold. I pulled it open, revealing her perfect pair again, and I think I heard a gasp from Bryan in particular. All I had to do was push it off her shoulders, and it fell to the floor. Now the only thing she was wearing was her sexy yellow panties.

She finally opened her eyes, and turned deep, deep red once again, as she discovered all of us staring at her bare chest. "Don't worry, honey. You look great!" I whispered to her, pulling her close to me, and then gave a soft kiss to her sweet lips. "Absolutely adorable."

Em couldn’t hold out for long. The need for her to cover up was just too great inside of her. She cupped one of her boobs with each hand, and then just stood there, looking at me as if to ask, ‘Now what?’

“Say, Em. I think we’ve been a little impolite to our guests. We haven’t asked them if they would like anything to eat or drink. I know I’m getting kind of hungry. How about you guys?”

“Yeah, I could eat.” Bryan had just about the most elated smirk as he stared at my girlfriend, wearing nothing but her hands and her tiny panties.

“Yeah, it’s about lunch time, anyway.” Stacy added. I could tell she was really happy the fun was not over yet. I think I had scared her a little before.

“Good. Em, since this is your house, I think it’s only appropriate if you cook for us.” I gave her a big smile. “Why don’t you make your famous chicken Alfredo for lunch?”

“What? How am I supposed to do that with my feet chained together like this!?”

“You can move. I saw you earlier.” I said with a little chuckle.

Emily rolled her eyes at me, and let out another sigh. Then she began the egregious task of turning herself towards the kitchen. Even I didn’t realize the genius of what I had just done to her; with her ankles cuffed, she was completely off balance trying to walk. She almost ended up spilling to the ground, but was able to stabilize herself by holding her arms out and away from her body. That meant she could no longer use her hands to retain any modesty for her chest! Now those cute pink nipples were bare to us all!

“Emily, you need to get those things registered as deadly weapons! You might just put someone’s eye out with how hard your nipples seem to be!” Stacy giggled and giggled at the words she had teased her friend with. Emily just gave a pout, and covered herself up again. Then she let out a sigh and continued at her snail’s pace to the kitchen, having to uncover her pretty little boobs for us again as she moved.

“Damn, Em! Those are some really nice knockers!” Bryan said, as he moved almost into the path Emily was taking, to get a better view of her. I could hardly blame him.

“Shut up, guys!” Emily complained. Her face was still just as red as ever. Her blush hadn’t gone away since I had removed her top.

“Aww, we’re just giving you compliments, Emily.” Stacy said. “You really, really look so cute and precious now, without your teddy!”

Emily seemed to want to address me, turning her torso as far back as she could, while still keeping her feet firmly planted in place. It had been about a minute since she had started her journey to the kitchen, and she was still only about half way there. “Erick, this is so humiliating!! Can’t you take these things off for now!!? At least until I get to the kitchen!”

“Sorry Em.” I said with a shrug. “You know I’m not one to break any kind of agreements I make. I said I’d keep you secured until 3, and I meant it.” Oh man. Her pouty face was just about as cute as the looks of horror and doom she had given me earlier! I’m honestly not sure which I liked better.

So cute little Emily had to waddle and sway her way as best she could to the kitchen as we just continued to watch her. It was so delightful the way her boobs kind of hopped and then swayed with each little step she took. I know Bryan and myself were totally captivated watching something so delicious, yet also a bit hilarious. Don’t tell me you wouldn’t find it funny to watch a lovable, practically naked girl, have to navigate her way around her house without her full range of movement?

Finally Em made it to the kitchen, and the three of us watched her continue her trek to the stove from the comfort of the kitchen table. Damn, she was so fricken cute like this. I wonder if I could get her to do this for me every weekend? I’d probably even let her go without the ankle cuffs if it meant I could trade them for her panties. There is something just so adorable about watching a naked girl making lunch for you. Well, she still needed to lose those panties, and soon!

“So how’d you get her to agree to something like this, Erick?” Stacy asked me, as we continued to watch Emily work.

“We made a little bet last night. It was actually her idea.” I whispered back.

“Really!?” I couldn’t blame her for being surprised. In fact, knowing Emily, I wouldn’t be surprised to learn that she hadn't even told her best friend we had sex yet.

“What was the bet?” Bryan asked me, but he couldn’t keep his eyes off of Emily as she made her way to the refrigerator. I guess I couldn’t blame him for looking, but he better keep his hands off her. Ok, yeah, maybe I was a little jealous, but it was my girlfriend he was staring at!

“We were playing Trivial Pursuit with her whole family. Basically the one to score the least points had to be naked and tied up today.” I explained.

After quite a long time, Emily had achieved preparing the food for all of us, and brought it over to the table. She served us each a dish, and then herself as well. She was just about to join us at the table, but I stopped her before she could sit down. “Emily, honey, I think we’re all really enjoying getting to look at you like this, so sweet and adorable in only your cute little panties. I think we’d all prefer it if you just stand right there in front of us, at least until we are done eating.”

“I second that!” Stacy gave me a grin.

Emily was dismayed, looking like she was about to throw her plate on the floor. “What!!? Come on!!!”

“Now relax, honey. I’ve come up with your final deal, if you want to hear it.”

She gave a sigh and took another deep breath, before nodding. “Alright, what is it?”

“If you can last this entire meal without covering your pretty little boobs up once from our view, I’ll agree to remove your panties for you.”

The fact that Emily was using one of her arms to keep her top concealed at the moment wasn’t lost on any of us. With another deep sigh, and a slow shudder that flowed throughout her whole body, she dropped that arm to her side. She stared down at the floor in shame for a moment, before looking back at me. “There, that good?” she asked.

“What do you think, Stacy? Doesn’t Em look better with her cute pink nipples showing like this?” I asked her friend, making an immense gesture at my girlfriend’s chest.

“Oh yes! I didn’t know nipples could come in that shade of pink until today.” She addressed her friend directly. “Those are probably the most pink and precious nipples I have ever seen!”

Emily got this really cute bashful look on her face, “Guys!! Come on!!?”

“No, Em!” Bryan piped up. “Those are probably the second best nipples I’ve ever seen!” He gave a quick wink to Stacy, who just giggled in response.

Emily couldn’t take it anymore. That comment from Bryan must have been too much for her, as she quickly grabbed her bare boobs with both her hands. “Aww, Em. I can’t believe you lost already? What happened to our deal?” I asked, but I couldn’t help the devilish grin I was giving to her. She immediately dropped her hands down. “Maybe I'm being unfair to you. How would you like some help with this?” She nodded.

I got up and stood behind her. “Place your hands behind your back.” She must have been feeling really frazzled by now, as she did exactly as I asked. Click! Now her hands were cuffed behind her back as well. These cuffs were bright orange.

“ERICK!!!! WHAT!!!!?” She looked back over her shoulder at me, stupefied.

“Now you don’t have to worry about being tempted to cover yourself back up.” I gave her another large grin.

“How am I supposed to eat like this!!?” She asked.

“I’ll feed you when I’m done eating.” I answered, and she just looked away from me with a huff. Ok, now this was mean, but I couldn’t resist anymore. I crouched down behind her while she wasn’t looking, and then yanked her yellow panties down to her knees!

“EEEEP!!!!” Emily yelped, with a jump, in complete surprise at what I had just done. I just went and sat back down, enjoying the delicious meal she had made for all of us, finding that now all of her privates were on display and there was nothing she could do about it.

Emily was really squirming now. She tried to bring one leg in front of the other to block our view of what she had between her legs, but was finding it futile. She just stood there staring daggers at me as I enjoyed her yummy food.

“I thought she broke the deal? Why did you take her panties off?” Stacy asked.

“Well, you’d have to agree, I didn’t technically take them off. She’s still wearing them around her knees.” I answered smugly. “She’s gonna still need to come up with a way to convince me to take them all the way off though.” Both Stacy and Bryan gave me a big laugh, while Emily just stewed.

After I finished, I got up to help Emily eat her food. She didn’t seem very receptive to me, however. “Come on, honey. You have to eat. You made all this delicious, yummy food. You should get to enjoy it too.”

She just squeezed her lips shut, shaking her head.

“Alright, if you’re gonna be that way.” I stabbed some chicken with her fork, then I reached over to tickle her bare tummy just a bit.

“HAHAHA–MMM!!!” I quickly pushed the fork into her mouth while she was laughing. She didn’t put up any more fight after that, and let me feed her the rest off her plate.

We headed back to the living room after. I now knew the real trade I wanted to make for Em’s panties. Getting close enough so I could whisper to her, I explained, “Here’s the deal for your panties. Next weekend you’re gonna let me do the same thing. Let me tie you up, tickle the shit out of you, and have my way with you anyway I please. But I’ll promise next weekend it’ll just be you and me.” She just stared at me with wide eyes. “If you don’t agree to this deal, then I’m going to leave your panties just as they are until 3. Then you’re going to have to do this again anyway, only you won’t have my word that I won’t invite anyone else.”

“OH GOD!!!” She let out an anguished whine, but then she nodded her head to me. I guess I really had won.

“Great, Em! Let me get you un-cuffed, and then we can get you tied up again. You still have a couple hours to go today.”

Once the cuffs were off, I also removed the last little bit of her clothing, despite the inadequate coverage it was really providing her now. I wanted her to be fully naked. I had her lie down on the couch, and secured the bindings once again.

I went over to Stacy and told her it was time we gave Emily everything she could ever want, and everything she most desired. I didn't even need to tell Stacy that we should start with the soles of her feet, apparently she was just as aware as I was about just how sensitive they were.

With a loud, piercing, high pitched squeal, Emily started shouting, “WHAT!!!??? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! YOU CAN’T!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!! IT’S SUPPOSED TO BE OVER!!!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE THE TICKLING IS SUPPOSED TO BE OVER NOW!!!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!”

Stacy and myself just gave each other a big shit eating grin, ignoring her shouts. ”Stacy, you should really try just making tiny circles on her arches. It gets the most amazing response!” I said.

“OH FUCK!!! HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHA!!!! SHIT!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!” Emily was practically bouncing up and down, trying to get herself away from her two tickle torturers. Her bonds were not going to allow that, however.

“Ok. I'll have to try that. Aren't her feet so soft and cute? Just like the rest of her.”

“NOOOO!!! FUCK!! FUCK!! FUCK!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!”

I had to agree, “Oh, her feet are just the cutest. So sweet. And so tender. I could just stroke my fingertips against them forever and ever.”

“Me too. You know what's funny?” Stacy asked.

“PLEASE–HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!!! PLEASE–HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!!! PLEASE!!”

All of Emily’s pleas were falling on deaf ears. This was way too much fun to stop now! “What's that?”

“How just the tiniest movement of my fingers makes her scream and thrash so wildly. Isn't that just so cool?”

“PLEASE!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA!! IT’S TOO MUCH!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! IT’S TOO MUCH!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!”

I chuckled. “Yeah, it's really neat.” Now Stacy and I really went to town, giving it our all as we stroked the tender, bare little soles of her feet.

It had Emily going absolutely wild in no time, twisting herself every which way to try and get free from our manipulating fingers! Her thighs quivered, her belly shook with every laugh she let out, and her perfectly pretty breasts were jiggling all over the place for us! The last thing on her mind was her modesty at this point, since she kept flashing us with everything in between her legs as she thrashed about too! Wow!!!

“PLEASE ERICK!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!! PLEASE!!! HEHEHEHEHE!!! I’LL DO WHATEVER YOU WANT!!! I’LL DO ANYTHING!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!! PLEASE!!! ANY DEAL YOU WANT!!! ANYTHING YOU WANT!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!” Finally, Em started the delicious begging I wanted to hear. No, I needed to hear. I love hearing her beg me so, so much!

I had some bad news for her though. “Em, just relax. No more deals. The clock has started. It's all going to be pure tickling from this point on. I mean, we've already gotten everything we could possibly want, what with the blowjobs and the naked breakfasts, and everything else you've agreed to do for us.”

“Don’t forget about her being a cocktail waitress for my party!” Bryan piped up, with the biggest smile I’d ever seen, plastered all over his face.

“That’s right!” I added. “So, for the next couple hours, we're all just going to explore every inch of your sweet little body and see what gets the biggest reaction out of you. Ok? We're just giving you a bit of a warm up with your feet. We'll hang out here for a bit. Then later we'll move back to your cute tiny tummy, and your sensitive sides. Of course, I’ll have to get to your upper inner thigh too. I’m sure Stacy and Bryan will enjoy learning just how ticklish you are there! That should be a hoot for us all! Don't you think, Em?”

“OH GOOOOOOOOD!!!! ERIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK!!!!!!” She let out with a wail. “HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!”


Part 5

Bless her little heart. My girlfriend, Emily, was still squealing and squirming from the delicious tickling her friend Stacy and I were doing to her sexy little body. She was bucking around wildly, trying to get free from her restraints in total desperation. Did I mention the fact that she was totally buck naked as well, not just in front of Stacy and myself, but also Stacy's boyfriend, Bryan? Oh yes, she had lost every bit of her clothing over the last few hours.

"ERIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK!!!!!!” she pleaded, as Stacy and I continued to stroke the tender soles of her little feet. "HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! PLEASE!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! PLEASE!!!"

"You want Stacy and me to stop tickling your feet?" I asked her.

"YES!!!! 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!"

"But you look like you're having so much fun. Why would you want us to stop if you’re having so much fun?”

“HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! JUST STOP, PLEASE!!!”

“Are you sure?"

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! YES!!! YES!!!"

“Honey, I really want to know. Are you really, really sure?”

“YES!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! YES!!!!!”

“I just want to be clear. You really want Stacy and me to stop tickling your cute little feet?”

“OH FUCK, ERICK!!!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!! YES!!!!! YES!!!!! YES!!!!!”

"Alright Em. I think I understand. Hey Bryan, will you come take over tickling Em's feet for Stacy and me? We're going to start tickling other parts of her body for her."

"NO!!! HAHAHA!! NO, ERICK!!! FUCK!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! THAT’S NOT WHAT I MEANT!!!" She began to bounce around crazily on the couch, mostly with her hips, as her arms and legs were still secure. She was pulling at all her bindings like I'd never seen her do before. Still, she wasn’t going anywhere.

"Sure! Happy to help!" Bryan said, grabbing the feather duster with a big grin. 

"You see, Stacy, the real important thing to realize is the attention to detail you need when tickling Emily's perfect pretty body. For example, her feet are so sensitive, it takes hardly any touch at all to make her wild, as you already know."

"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH!!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!!!!" Bryan was going to town with the duster on her soles now.

"Yes I see." Stacy smiled.

"Other parts of her body need a different kind of touch, however. Take her sides and tummy. You will want to let your fingers dance all over her soft skin there, but you need to use just a bit more pressure in those areas to really get her laughing."

"Like this?"

"FUCK!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! NO, STACY!! HAHAHAHAHA!! PLEASE!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!"

"Exactly! Now here, under her arms is a completely different matter entirely. You just want to wiggle your fingers in one spot over and over like this."

"SHIT!! HEHEHEHE!! FUCK!! HAHAHAHAHA!!" Emily started shrieking, which was like music to my ears as far as I was concerned. "PLEASE ERICK!!! HAHAHAHAHA!!!! PLEASE STACY!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHE!!!! IT'S TOO MUCH!!! HAHAHAHA!!!! IT'S TOO MUCH!!!"

Stacy grinned down at her best friend, apparently enjoying her begging too. She was giggling a bit too; Emily's laughter was pretty infectious. "Didn't you say something about her thigh?" She asked me.

"Oh, that's right!" I gave Stacy a wicked smirk as we switched places with one another.

"NO ERICK!!! NOOOO!!!" Emily squealed at me as I pried her knees open. My hand went right to that little sweet spot and she went absolutely insane!! All the writhing and wriggling and squirming she had done up to this point was no comparison to this moment. This was the definitive, most sensitive, ticklish location on her delightful little body!
"AAAAAAAAAAAH-HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!" She screamed and laughed at the same time, every muscle in her body going tense all at once. In her panicked state, she could only focus on trying to move away from me, but there was no escaping from this tickle torture, as the bonds once again did their job. In fact, all she was doing was making it easier for me to tickle her tender thighs, as not one part of her body seemed to be able to hold still, and that meant she couldn't get her legs back closed either.

"Oh my god!!" Stacy reacted in shock, watching as Emily flailed about in torturous ecstasy. Then she seemed to be overcome with glee. "That is THE most wonderful reaction to tickling I've ever seen!!! Hahahaha!!!!" She had to shout over Em's laughter and yells for us to be able to hear.

Bryan was still down at Em's feet, watching with delight. Emily's breasts were bouncing everywhere, and her legs were practically splayed wide open. Even her butt was jiggling some, as it came up and down on the couch cushions. I could see that her peach was now dripping quite a bit too, ever so deliciously I might add, which would be highly noticeable from the angle Bryan was viewing her at. Wow, do I have the sexiest, most ticklish and wonderful girlfriend in the whole wide world!!!!

Both Bryan and Stacy had paused their tickling to watch me attack Emily's cute thighs, but now they wanted back in the action. Bryan resumed tickling Em's tender soles, abandoning the feather duster this time, to use his fingernails instead. And Stacy went for her armpits, wiggling her fingers in pure elation. The tickling feeling was so intense for Emily now, that she started gasping for any bit of air she could get.

"Ple-hhhhhhhhhh!!! Ple-hhhhhhhhhh!!!" She tried gulping down breaths, trying to make us listen. "Can't…. Hahahahaha!! Can't…. Hahahaha!! Breathe!!! Hahahaha…!"

"I think it's time we give Emily another quick break guys," I said, stopping the tickle torture. "And I think it's time for a change in venue as well. It's about time we all move to Emily's bedroom anyway."

Stacy and Bryan both seemed very interested in my plans for my girlfriend, and so this time they weren't disappointed that I was putting a pause on the fun. They both moved out of the way to allow me to undo the Em's ankle bindings.

Emily had finally caught enough breath to be able to speak. "What are we… gonna do… in my bedroom?" She asked me a little nervously, as I came up to stand near her head.

"We're gonna play a little game." This time I didn't undo the ropes from around her wrists. Instead I bent down to untie them from around the couch legs. "I know how you love your little games and bets."

"What game?" She asked. I had her get up for me, holding the ropes still tied around her wrists like a leash.

"You'll see." She shivered at my smile. "Bryan, would you get the ropes tied to the couch there? We're going to need them. Stacy, you bring the bag with the toys." Still using Emily's new leash, I pulled her along, and up the stairs to her room.

By the time Stacy and Bryan had arrived, I already had Emily up on the bed and her hands secured to her headboard. I took the other bits of nylon rope from Bryan and began to secure her feet as well. Emily let me do the first one without much fuss, but she got a little anxious as she realized the position I was planning to tie her in. “Come on, Em. Give me your other foot.” She had pulled her free leg up, so that her knee was bent in half, up in the air.

Em stared at me with wide eyes, but then slowly she brought her leg down flat, and let me secure the other one as well. Now Emily’s delicious little body was on full display to us all, including her sweet little pussy. I had basically tied her in an ‘X’ shape, with her arms pulled up and away from her body above her head, and her legs spread wide open.

I could see Emily blushing deeply as her eyes flicked between each of us. She could see the three of us looking her over very intently and closely, specifically between her legs, and there was nothing she could do about any of it. Her little pussy lips were even spread open just slightly, and there was no mistaking the moisture that was escaping from in between, and slowly rolling down her thigh and her butt to be absorbed by the bed spread.

“What are you going to do with me?” She asked, with a bit of unease in her voice. She seemed really nervous as she watched me get my bag of tricks from Stacy.

“We’re going to play another game, honey. Only this one you’ll have a really good chance of winning.” I started to explain to her. “This all began with a game of Trivial Pursuit, so I think it’s only fitting it should end that way as well. This time you won't be playing against me. No, there will be other stakes on the line.”

“What kind of stakes?” Stacy asked, getting that mischievous look in her eye again.

“I’m glad you asked, Stacy. Emily is going to get one minute to answer a trivia question. If she doesn’t give an answer in that time, or if she gets the answer wrong, we’re going to tickle the shit out of her for the next minute.”

“OH GOD!!!” Emily wailed.

“Don’t worry, honey. You’re really good at Trivial Pursuit, remember? I mean that is what you told me yesterday. Oh, but then, you did lose that game to me last night. Maybe you really aren’t as good as you thought you were?” She just squirmed a little as I grinned down at her. “Now I should probably explain what you get if you are right. There’s no denying the fact that you are totally turned on right now, Emily, and I think that means that deep down inside you’ve really enjoyed everything that’s happened to you today.”

Emily got a deep red blush on her cheeks and started shaking her head back and forth, trying her best to deny it.

“Well, you don’t have to say anything, honey, but we can all see the proof right there.” I pointed between her legs. She just stared up at me, getting a very bashful and pouty look on her face. “If you do get the question right, one of us is going to pleasure your body for you for three whole minutes. Doesn’t that sound nice, sweetie? I know you’re probably dying to cum. I’m sure Bryan and Stacy would love to watch you cum as well.”

“Oh yes!” Stacy said, excitedly.

“See. But I will be fair to you. Whether you get the question right or wrong, I’ll let you decide who it is that will be touching your body, and just where you want them touching your body as well. The only thing we get to decide is which toys we are going to be using as we touch you.”

“Ok…” She said, giving a slight sigh of relief.

“One more thing, whether you are right or wrong, you can’t pick the same person twice in a row. If Stacy just went, you need to pick Bryan or me. Oh, and you have to pick each of us at least twice during the game. So choose wisely.

You also can't choose the same part of your body twice either, until we’ve been through them all. You also have to choose a part of yourself that I know will have a strong effect on you, whether that be for tickling or pleasure. The game will continue until you orgasm, or until 3 pm, whichever comes first. So are you ready to play the game, Em?"

"Well… Uhhhh….?"

"If you'd rather we just go back to pure tickling, we can do that too. I can finally show our friends just how ticklish you are on your inner thigh."

"No, no! I'll play the game!" Emily said, quickly, with a bit of a panic.

"Great! Let me get your first question for you." I pulled out my phone and opened a trivia app game I had downloaded earlier. "Question one. What prickly animal has needle-like spines all over its body?”

“Uh, porcupine?” Em answered.

“Good! Correct! Now tell us who you would like to reward you, and how.”

“I don’t know… Uhhh…” She got this really cute, timid look on her face.

“Come on, Em, it’s your choice.”

“I guess, uh, maybe you can massage my chest for me?” Now she was really bashful and blushing.

“Start a timer for me, Bryan. Three minutes.” I said, then I took Em’s pretty little pair into my hands. She just tried to maintain her stoicism at first, I could tell she was a bit embarrassed to be touched in this way in front of our friends. By the end she had started to make a few little purring noises for me, and I could see she had a bit of disappointment when the timer went off.

“Question two.” I said, pulling my phone back out. “Which state in the United States used to be considered its own country?”

“Texas. It’s Texas!” She answered quickly.

“Correct!” I smiled down at her. Now she would have a tough decision to make. “Who do you choose to reward you next?”

Emily got a bit of a wide-eyed look, realizing she couldn’t pick me again. Now one of our friends would be touching her body, and in a way that was meant to be pleasurable to her as well. “Stacy…” She finally said, as her breathing was getting pretty heavy.

“Where do you want me to touch you? Hmmm, Emily?” This had to be the most wicked grin I’d seen on Stacy’s face ever.

“Can my nipples count separately from my boobs?” Em asked me.

“Sure. Every little bit of you can count separately. I’ll be the judge of whether it is an interesting enough spot to tickle or touch you.”

Stacy went for the bag of toys, and then skipped over to the side of the bed. “Start the timer.” She said, and then we all found out what device she had picked to tease Emily with. The electric toothbrush.

She started circling Em’s right areola with the buzzing handle, and that made Em let out a strong gasp. “Ohhh!” Em’s nipples were already pretty hard, but the vibrations made it stand up just that much more. “Mmmmmm…. Oh my god… That feels…” Just like that time was up, and Stacy pulled the little vibrating handle away from her nipple. “Uhmmmm…” Emily let out a tiny whine.

“Next question!” I called. “Which movie is the snowman Olaf from?”

“Uhhh…? Ummm…?” I could see her furrowing her brow, trying to think very hard. “I know this one! Come on! Come on!”

Beep! “Sorry, your time is up!” I told her. “The correct answer was Frozen.”

“Ugh! I knew that one!” She complained.

“That’s too bad, Em. The questions are only going to get harder from here on out. Now you have to pick Bryan for this next part, as he has not had a turn yet, and you know he will be tickling you, since you got the question wrong, but where, oh where, would you like him to tickle your body?”

“Ummm… Uh… My neck?” She tried to be clever.

“Sorry, Em. That’s not allowed. I know you’re not ticklish there. If you don’t pick one of your ticklish spots, I’ll be picking one for you. One more chance.”

“Under my arms then.” She said in a small voice. She watched Bryan get into position while I pulled up a timer of my own. “Please, Bryan, don’t try to take advantage of the situation.”

“Me? I’ve hardly touched you so far. I’ll stick strictly to your armpits. But I hope you don’t mind if I enjoy watching any jiggling you do.” He grinned.

“60 seconds, and go!” I said.

“HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!! Shit!!! HEHEHEHEHE!! FUCK!!” This tickling wasn’t as intense for her as before, but it still had her squirming around nicely. And her tits were shaking quite a bit, just like Bryan had predicted.

The minute was up, and it was on to another question. “What fast food company's slogan is Eat Fresh?”

“Subway!” She answered without even a beat to think.

“Good! Remember, you can end the game and get dressed as soon as you orgasm.” I explained to her. “Keep that in mind for where you’d like to be touched next.”

Now she got super modest, but managed to ask me, “Will you touch my lips down there?” Again, she gave me those adorable baby blue eyes. How was I ever going to say no to her?

“Any time, honey.” I wanted for there to be a real chance for her to win, so I got the toy Stacy had laughed about earlier from my bag.

“Go!” Bryan said, starting the timer.

Emily gave me a big, content gasp, as she felt the vibrations down below. I had bought a vibrator just for her, and I was currently running it up and down, and all around the outer lips of her sex. “MMMMMM!!! YES!!! OHHHHHH!!! KEEP GOING!!!” Emily started calling. “FUCK, THAT”S SO GOOOOD!!! YES!!! KEEP GOING ERICK!!! DON’T STOP!!! AHHHHHH!!!” She was just starting to push her hips a bit more into the vibrating wand when the timer went off. I quickly pulled it away. “FUCK!!!! NOOOO!!!! KEEP GOING!!!! PLEASE!!!!” She begged.

“Sorry, honey. Next question.” I stayed seated on the bed between her legs as I casually pulled out my phone again.

“Nooo!!! Come on!!!? Pleeeeeeease!!!?” She was still begging. It was pretty cute.

“The actor, Dwayne Johnson, was once a professional wrestler. Under what ring name did he make his WWF debut?”

“The Rock! The Rock!” I could tell she felt like she was absolutely certain.

I knew this was going to be a tricky one for her. “No, I’m sorry. That’s wrong. The correct answer is Rocky Maivia.”

“What!!? Let me see that!!!” She complained, so I held my phone out for her to verify. “FUUCCKK!!!” She just shouted.

“Who’s it going to be that gets to tickle your sexy little body this time, honey?” I asked.

“Uhhh… Hmmmm…?” I could see the gears in her head were really turning this time. “Bryan.”

She was starting to understand the rules of the game a bit more. “And where would you like Bryan to tickle you this time?”

“My, uh, feet, I guess…” She said with a deep sigh.

Bryan stepped forward. “Thanks for picking me again, Em! I’ll make sure to make this worth your while!” This time he went back to his tried-and-true method, the feather duster. Only he plucked one feather out, and turned it around to use the stem on her sole instead.

“HOLY FUCK!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!” Damn that one really got her! “HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! COME ON!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!! IT’S GOTTA BE ONE MINUTE ALREADY!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!” I need to remember this one for next time!

“Ok, one minute!” I called, and Bryan backed off. “Ready for your next question?”

Emily was still heavily panting, and just nodded her head.

“Ok, honey. What does “WWW” stand for in a website browser?”

“Oh, uh… I know this one…” Did I mention how cute she looks every time she furrows her brow? “Is it, world wide web?”

“Survey says… You are correct!!”

“Whew!!!” Emily shouted, shaking her bound fists in celebration. “My, uh, nipples were never touched last time…” She started to explain. “Just my areolas. Do you think you could touch my nipples for real this time, Stacy?”

I think everyone’s jaws hit the floor to hear that one, Stacy included. “Erick?” She asked.

“I’ll allow it.” I answered.

Stacy hopped over, and sat down on the bed next to Emily’s side. “Ok, Em, now you’re going to learn what a real nipple massage feels like!” She held out her index fingers, and started slowly stroking Emily’s hard, sensitive pink nipples. It might have been the hottest thing I had ever witnessed in my life! I’m sure Bryan agreed.

“Mmmmmmm!!! Oh yeah!! Oh, that’s so nice!!!” Emily was purring out loud in no time. “Oh my gosh!! Stacy, how’d you get so good at this!?!”

“I’ve had plenty of practice, with myself.” Stacy just beamed.

I think every single one of us was disappointed when the timer went off this time. Emily let out an annoyed groan, “URGH!!”

“Question time! I know you got this one, honey!” I said, trying to lift her spirits. “How many colors are there in the rainbow?”

I could see her counting with her fingers, muttering to herself. “1, 2, 3, 4… Seven! It’s seven!”

“You are correct!!” I gave a little cheer. I think we were all genuinely happy.

Emily just looked at me with those adorable blue eyes. “Please, honey, I really need that vibrator on my clit now…” Damn, the eyes again…

“Of course…” I said, taking up my position.

“MMMM!!! YEAH!!! OH GOD!! YEAH!!!” Emily was writhing around, but this time it was in pure pleasure. “OOOOOWW!! KEEP GOING!!! SO GOOD!!!” Now her hips were really rocking. “OHHHHHHH!!! OHHHH YES!!! FUCK!!! OH THAT’S IT!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!! THAT’S IT!!! YES!!! RIGHT THERE!!!! RIGHT THERE!!!! PLEASE!!!! DON’T STOP!!! DON’T YOU DARE MOVE!!!! DON’T YOU DARE!!!” She shouted at me.

“Um, Erick?” Stacy tapped me on the shoulder. “It’s 3:01 pm…” I guess we had lost track of the time.

“Huh?” I turned to look at her, pulling away the vibrator from Emily.

“NO!!!! GOD DAMMIT!!!! PUT IT BACK!!! PUT IT BACK!!! PUT IT BACK!!!” Emily demanded.

“I’m sorry, honey, but the game is over.” She didn’t seem to be taking that too well. She started wrenching her arms upwards, trying anything to break her bonds. “I’ll come see you guys out. Be back in a minute, honey. Don’t go anywhere!”

“Get back here, Erick!!! Dammit!!! I said, get back here!!!” Emily yelled as I escorted Bryan and Stacy to the door.

“She seems really mad.” Stacy said, sounding a little worried, but then she gave a little giggle too. That might have just been nervousness though.

“Don’t worry. I’ll handle her.” I explained, as they headed out the door.

Once I got back to her room, Emily seemed pissed. Really pissed. “Erick, I swear to god I’m going to kill you!! You hear me!!! As soon as these ropes… What the hell are you doing!?”

I had started kissing my way up her leg. “Well, honey, there’s still a few hours before your parents get back.”

“You can’t be serious…” She scoffed, but I had just reached her upper inner thigh. Now it is going to get really good! “FUCK!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAA!!! OH MY GOD!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!! ERICK!!!! HEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEHEEEEE!!!! FUCK ME!!!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAA!!!!”

I started licking and sucking and teasing all the soft supple skin down there. “Too bad Stacy and Bryan missed it this time, huh? Well, maybe next time!” and I dove my mouth right back in.

“FUCK!!! FUCK!!! FUCK!!! HAHAHAHAAAAAAAAA!!! HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!”

I kept the tickling sensation going with my tongue as long as it took for her to start running out of breath, and then when she was least expecting it, I moved my tongue over to her clit, driving her mad! “OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUUCKKKKKKKKKK!!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!” She just howled!!

I just kept lapping and sucking and flicking my tongue over and over on her sensitive little clit, until she couldn’t take it anymore. “NO MORE!!!! HAAAAAAAAA!!!! NO MORE!!!! PLEASE!!!!”

I finally stopped, and Emily was taking deep gulping breaths as she stared down at me with wide eyes. I could see her chest heaving up and down as I looked back up at her from between her legs. We just stared at each other for minutes. “Erick…?” She finally caught enough air to say my name.

“Yes, Emily?”

“You said we are doing this again next weekend, right?” I could only smile big at her.
