The only girl in the team
by BlueMenace 

The only girl in the team part: 1

I looked out of my cars window and in front of me stood an impressive view. Tall buildings raising from the ground reaching towards the sky. People. People everywhere. People of different colors, different ages, different from each other, all unique in their own way. There I was. 16-year-old country girl in the middle big city. I was going to my new floorball teams practises. This would be the first time I played floorball since I moved to Oslo from Swedish country side. My parents were Norwegian but we had to move to Sweden when I was only eight because of my fathers work. I had been bullied at school for my accent and because my parent were from Norway but now I was where I belonged or that's at least what I though.

Unfortunately floorball wasn't really a thing down here so my only option was to quit the game or continue in boys team. Of course quitting was out of the question so I had asked to join to a team year younger than me as I thought that would be most suitable choice for me.

It didn't take long until we arrived to place. My mother encouraged one last time and told me how it would go fine before I picked my stuff and left the car. I felt the hard asphalt road under my white shoes as my feet touched the ground. I was ready give all I got. Soon I entered the locker room and everyone's sight locked on me.

"Hi! I'm Astrid and I'll be joining your team from now on" I told them trying to sound as happy and energic as possible.

"No way, you are a girl" one of them shouted.

"I asked from your coach and he gave me a permission to join and seemed to be more than happy about new player on team." I said

Some of them were whispering together and I did hear few giggles there and there.

"Is there girls locker room or something I could maybe use or do I need to..."

"Nope. We only have one locker room here this ain't no hotel"

That information made me feel little uncomfortable as I acknowledged that I would need to change my clothes in front of them. I tried to calm myself thinking that I only needed to change my jeans to leggings and that it was completely normal to see your teammates underwear sometimes. And they would be changing their clothes too. Nothing out of the ordinary. There would be nothing sexual in it. I was getting more relaxed the more I though about it and decided that it wouldn't matter that they would maybe see my panties for a short period of time.

I wholly entered the room and tried to find a space to sit. I saw free space at one corner and asked a boy sitting there that could I sit to next to him. I instantly noticed how his face blushed a little and tense my question made him. The boy had brown curly hair and blue eyes and I considered him to be pretty cute. Even though his face looked very young he did own some muscle.

"Oh sure. Why not" he stuttered and I could tell that he little embarrassed by my question.

"Thanks I really appreciate it" I said smiling while sitting next to him.

"By the way where's our coach I haven't seen him yet" I continued

"Oh. Didn't you hear that he had other expenses so he couldn't make it today" the boy told me.

I was bit surprised when I heard that. The boy really seemed nice so I decided to ask his name.

"I'm Einar" he said.

"Nice to meet you Einar. My name is Astrid"

I could now easily see the blushing in his face which I found to be very cute. We gave some stares to each other until he didn't dare to look me anymore. I though it was funny how awkward my presence made him. I looked at the clock hanging from the wall and saw that there was not much time before the practise so I decided to change my pants now.

I stood up and crabbed undid my jeans. I instantly noticed how multiple eye pairs focused on me with hopes of catching a glimpse of pleasure. I wanted to tease Einar a little and as I bent over and slid my jeans to my ankles I made sure he got nice little view of my butt. I knew he enjoyed it. That day I was wearing a black thong which was very uncommon for me but for some reason I felt extra daring. After all I had no idea that anyone would have seen them as I though there would have been separated locker rooms for boys and girls.

After taking my jeans off I quickly wore my leggins because I was little embarassed because I had shown them my thong that was not meant for others to lay their eyes on. But I also felt really exited due to all the attention I had received from them. I sat back to the bench next to Einar and looked him in the eyes. His cute face was now all red and hi was sweating a little. I felt really sexy and attractive due the status of Einar. Did he really enjoy it that much.

Then I noticed something in his shorts. There was a huge bulge in them. A boner. His loose shorts did no good to hide his massive erection and I think he knew it. When he realized where my eyes had aimed on he instantly changed his postion and adjusted his shorts. I was really flattered by all this as I had never before got this kind of attetion from boys.

"I think I need to use the bathroom. Where might it be?" I asked from him

"Uhm what" he stuttered in shock

"Bathroom. Where can I find it?"

"Oh. Go... go to the hallway and right... no I meant left" he managed to say.

I just laughed and thanked him. Then I stood up and followed his instructions. I entered to the bathroom and it wasn't horrible but I had seen betters. It was fairly small consisting from few urinals and one toilet booth.

I looked in mirror over the sink and my eyest met with green eyed girl. The girl had short orange hair thar barely reached her neck and some frecles around her face. The girl smiled back to me and her face gave me comfort. She wore orange sport t-shirt and gray leggins. She was very prerty even though she didn't always think so herself. Her body had delveloped a lot in just a short time and she now owned a beautiful pair of tits and a round atheletic butt. I have to admit thag my leggins really did huge favor to my butt that was now looking excellent. I had never dated anyone and had never even done enything spicy with anyone but recent events truly woke something inside me.

After washing my hands I saw that the boys were already starting so I fastly went to locker room to pick my floorball stick and glasses. Soon I came back and saw the boys discussing something. First I though it was nothing but as I got close suddenly they all stopped and stared at me.

"Whats up" I said.

"I think there might be a problem. I mean please tell me what are those" one of the taller boys said and pointed at my leggins.

"What? These? Leggins. Why?" I said confused.

"Look. Our coach has made very clear rule that only shorts are allowed while playing" he said

"But he isn't even here and it just a practice" I tried to argue.

"Doesn't matter. Rules are rules"

"But I don't have anything other to wear" I said starting to get little nervous.

"Look, that is not exactly our problem. We are just making sure rules are followed" he said little smirk in his mouth.

I was really nervous and shy at that moment and I were thinking how to escape this situation. Maybe I should left but I really wanted to play with them and I they already saw my thong so maybe it would not be so bad. I was starting to get afraid that they could see the blush filling my face.

"Okay" I said without even realizing what I had agreed to do.

I heard some gasps from the crowd and I bet they didn't see that coming.

"You truly are something" one of them said amazed.

I breathed deep and with one fast motion slid my leggins to my ankles. Then I removed my legs from them one after one and there I was only my thong to cover my privates. I felt how my face had turned red as my hair and how my heart beat was raising.

"Are you happy now you perv" I shot at the boy

"Most certainly"

"So are we starting?"

"Yes but lets do some warm-ups first. Okay?" he said

I knew it would be a long afternoon ahead but I hoped nothing crazy would happen.


The only girl in the team part: 2

There I was standing before these boys with my black thong completely exposed. I knew that my fit thighs probably looked very pleasing for these boys and I knew how most of then lusted for me. Luckily my t-shirt gave some cover over my thong but it didn't help much.

"Okay lets jog around the ring few times" the boy that I assumed was probably the captain.

I was still in a bit of shock but I though that this was nothing and it would be over soon. Soon we were all jogging around the ring. My thong felt like it was giving me a constant wedgie during the jog and now that there was nothing supporting my cheecks they were bounced free and I could just imagine the view of people running behind me. The whole time all my focus was in trying to hide my embarrassment I really wanted to dig underground and hide myself from these people. From my teammates.

After the jog I was starting to get sweaty and really hoped we could just start the game. I could sense the boys aroused looks as they were fiesting their eyes with my sweaty legs.

"Okay everyone lets do some jumping jacks and squats next" the captain said.

"Oh fuck" I though when I heard that but I was already neck deep in this shit so I just continued.

As was jumping up and down I noticed how Einar was staring my butt in disbelief how lucky he was to witness a sight like that. He even seemed to have a hard time to breath normally as his body was shaking. I looked at him and tried to smile but he didn't seem to notice.

"Hey Einar. My eyes are up here" I said to him giggling a little.

He immediately shocked and tried to apologize. "I'm so sorry. I... I didn't mean to...", he stuttered.

"Don't worry" I said before he managed to finish his sentence.

We shared some awkward smiles before I continued. Maybe this wasn't so bad after all. Next was the squats. As I squatted I acknowledged well that the sight was very inappropriate as everytime I squatted I exposed a lot trough my thong.

"Well lets do some stretching and then I think we'll be ready to play." the captain said.

"Follow my moves." he added.

First we had to bent over so our hands touched our feet. I felt ashamed as I stretched to the move as I felt how my thong literally absorded to my cunt.

The next stretch was bear squat where you stand on all fours and stick your rear as high as possible. I assumed the position but holded my legs as close as possible to not reveal too much.

"Hey Astrid. You need to open your legs more. Put them wide apart from each other like this" one of the boys said obviously knowing what he did.

I though a moment but he was actually right so I opened my legs wider. I had no way to be sure what could be seen but I had a feeling that it was a lot. It didn't help that I was very front so most of the players saw my back. I heard some whispering but couldn't comprehend the message.

Next one was frog stretch in which you start from plank position but knees on ground and then stretch your legs wide open. I had already lost all my dignity so I didn't even bother to keep my legs closed anymore. After that we did some more stretching and then we were done with the warm-ups.

"Okay lets raffle the teams with traditional method of throwing our sticks in to a pile and splitting them even." the captain declared.

Everyone instantly agreed as that method was the most common among games like this and it was very fair. I secretly hoped that I could be on the same team as Einar. We placed our sticks in the pile and our captain eyes closed threw to into different piles. My stick was one of the first to be chosen and I went to the pile it landed on. My joy was at its height when I saw Einar walking towards me and joining my side. Soon the teams were split and everyone was standing on their side. The captain had joined on the enemy team and we were ready to play. At this point I had already overcome the worst and were pretty chill about being only in my thong.

"I just realized that we cannot get the colored vests as they are locked behind the storage door that only our coach has the key to" captain said pondering a solution to this problem.

"Lets just go shirts against skins like during summer" one of the enemy players said looking straight to me.

I was shocked but didn't have time to say anything before everyone started agreeing. My breath was turning heavy and I tried to think what to as someone in my team already suggested that we should go shirtless.

"Wait...", I mumbled but it was too late as my teammates were already taking their shirts of.

"What are you waiting for Astrid. We don't have whole day to spend" one of my teammates said suggestively.

Before I had time to gather my thoughts I had already thrown my shirt away and were now standing among these boys only in my underwear and shoes.

"That's the spirit" captain said taking a long look over my bra.

Just as I had thought that it couldn't get any worse now there I was without my shirt. I was really having a fight between my thoughts. Part of me wanted to leave right now and never come back but other part wanted to stay. I didn't have time to think before I realized that the game had started and I needed to play.

Who could have predicted what was yet to be come.


