Kelly's ENF fantasy goes wrong!
by TSB 

Kelly was classed as a normal teenage girl to all that knew her. Eighteen years old, shoulder length brown hair and athletic build with a small chest portioned perfectly to her figure. Kelly was an outdoors girl who enjoyed running, cycling, camping and hiking. But behind closed doors in the privacy of her home Kelly loved nothing more than to fantasise about been naked in public.

She never told anyone about her fantasies as far as she knew she was the only one who felt this was, to be turned on by the thought of been naked in public, embarrassed, separated from her clothes. After many years of thinking about it Kelly finally decide she had to try it to fell what it was like once and for all. She had an idea…

It was Wednesday the sun was out and Kelly was finally going to put her fantasy to reality, she headed out of her flat wearing a basic pink cotton t-shirt, tight denim trousers and trainers. Underneath she wore her usual cotton bikini cut panties matching bra and ankle socks all in black.
Kelly hid the key to her flat in the plant pot next to the door and headed out, suddenly she felt nervous as she walked up the street, looking around there were a few people out and cars. It was still morning and most people were at work or school she timed her outing perfectly choosing a time and day of the week fewer people would be around.

Kelly lived in a small town, with a lot of green open spaces and parks spread out around the place she often use to run or cycle these parks so was remarkably familiar with the lay of the land. She was headed for an old quarry just a few minutes walk from her flat, the quarry was abandoned overrun by trees three sides now had houses built around it with a park and open green space.

Kelly arrived at the quarry and nervously looked around, seeing no one she slipped off trail and into the thickets. She found a small clearing with a large tree growing from the centre. Heart racing she quickly kicked off her trainers, bending over to remove her socks. Her feet felt cold on the wet leaves of the woods, now was the hard part. She reached down gripping the base of her shirt looking around nervously she quickly pulled it up and over her head dropping it down onto her trainers. Again, nervously she looked around as she undid the button to her trousers and with one quick push she slid them down her slim toned legs stepping out of them fully. Kelly had obviously been out swimming and to the beach in bikinis before but underwear felt different naughtier especially in the woods. Finally it was the big moment all or nothing, heart racing Kelly reached behind her back and undid the strap holding her bra together, for a moment she contemplated putting it back on getting dressed and going home but she had come so far and didn’t want to give up so easily. With a shrug the loose garment slipped from her shoulders and landed on the floor next to he growing pile of clothing. With the morning wind gently flowing over her exposed skin Kelly took a deep breath hooked her thumbs into her panties and in one swift move they were down and off. Kelly immediately covered her small chest and nipples with one arm and she shaved bare pussy with her other free hand. Now totally naked in public Kelly slowly started to push her way through the trees towards the path she had ducked from. The path was a short walk down to the park surrounded by trees and bushes but once at the park the woods gave way opening to a wide playing field with a park to one side. Kelly crept down the path nervously looking over her shoulder. Anyone could come down behind her or from in front, her heart was racing this was a stupid idea and she regretted it. But she kept on walking forward till she reached the opening. No one was in the park or the field, Kelly counted quietly out loud one.. two.. three stepping out into the open hands by her side drinking in the sun from the wide open space in front of her. Then to her horror she could hear voices coming down the path behind her, she quickly ducked into the bushes and hid behind a tree using it to shield her naked body from whoever was coming. Kelly peaked out and watched as two girls she knew from college Jodie and Tanya walked past laughing and chatting away the seemed to be looking around as if looking for someone as they walked toward the park. Both girls in college were not very nice they had a reputation as the local mean girls often getting into trouble smoking weed or getting drunk. Enough was enough Kelly thought and with one last look around she took off jogging back to her clothes, her hands back covering her nudity as best she could, her bare feet slapping into the cold hard ground as she made her way back up the path. It didn’t take long to get back to where she started her nude adventure and fortune no one saw her. She pushed through the bush and into the clearing where her clothes were but to her horror she couldn’t see them… anywhere. In a panic Kelly searched around but found nothing, nothing except her phone propped up against the base of the tree. She picked it up almost crying and looked at the screen, she had a text ‘CALL ME’ 