Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga
by neverdoubted 

Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 14)

Her left leg wasn't working very well after being confined for so long and her fingers were numb. She collapsed into a heap her first step after being untied. I had to help her up and get the sarong wrapped around her. Then I had to support her weight all the way out of the store. But she slowly recovered her balance as circulation was restored and was able to walk by herself once we got outside.

Even though it was midday, the sky had grown darker since before we entered the bait shop. Something was blowing in. I had read that pop-up storms were not unusual in the tropics but could pass quickly. Honestly, I didn't know anything about the weather patterns around here. All I knew, those clouds looked ominous. The wind came in variable gusts, but there was no actual rain so far.

Despite the threat of bad weather looming, I did not turn back. I really wanted to see us through to Riviera Pier. I figured we could at least find a place to eat lunch like yesterday's beach adventure before turning back.

Lucy looked spent. She was walking with a slight limp and her hair was in a terrible state. She used one hand to hold her wrap closed against the occasional gust and I caught her rubbing her legs with the other. She was marveling at the new sensation of being freshly shaved. I let her feel around her legs, but I kept a close watch to make sure she didn't reach any higher and start touching herself. That was strictly forbidden. I think she had come dangerously close to making a diamond back at the bait shop and I was having too much fun to let that happen yet. But I didn’t want to have to police her. Maybe, if she could cool down for a little while, she wouldn't be so tempted.

We reached the east end of Skipper's Bay which butted up against the entertainment district. A big sign over the main walkway welcomed us to Riviera Pier. The walkway was pavement but painted to look like a wooden boardwalk. I thought that was a little silly. I found a map and sized it up to basically be an outdoor mall. They had all the same stores we had at our Westfield mall back home and I wasn't interested in shopping. But in the middle of the map, there was an actual real pier extending out into the ocean. That looked more enticing to me. So, we started that way.

The crowds were sparser than I expected. Maybe the threat of bad weather was keeping them at bay. We weren't the only people in swimsuits. But everyone we passed stared at Lucy. Her thin wrap barely concealed her bare form underneath, and you could see her naked bottom clearly when looking from behind. But after being completely naked and spread in front of the audience at the bait shop, she welcomed her wrap.

With her wild hair and meager clothes, she looked like someone who had stumbled out of a natural disaster movie. Speaking of movies, that gave me an idea. We came upon a cinema, and I decided to give her a break to cool down while we watched a matinee. Being so near the ocean, it wasn't unusual for people to come and watch a movie in swimsuits; especially to beat the heat of the day. The boy who sold our tickets did a double take when he saw the girl accompanying me was wearing no swimsuit under her wrap. But he didn't say anything or stop us.

The movie was some action flick starring Tom Cruise. I got her settled then went to get some concessions. By the time I got back, she was fast asleep. I knew she was spent after her shaving ordeal. I ate her corndog and let her sleep through most of the movie. I might have drifted off for some of it, too. Vacationing sure takes a lot out of a person!

We emerged from the theater to find the weather had changed once again. The air had grown hot and sticky; a bad omen. It was like breathing through a thick, wet rag. No fun at all. As we continued our journey to the actual pier, we came upon an arcade. I knew from previous experience to keep my distance. It's a long story, but let's just say I can't be trusted to control myself in an arcade setting.

The crowds grew steadily larger as we approached the main attraction that gave the district its trademark name. There was a huge Ferris wheel at the base of the pier which I definitely wanted to try out. But first we walked the pier all the way to the end. The view from the very end provided an entirely different perspective on both the gulf and the coast. I easily located the scooped-out section of Skipper's Bay and could even make out in the distance to the west the pristine beaches further up the coast where all the private resorts stood.

Lucy, having physically recovered from her shaving demonstration and no longer limping, swiveled around at all the sights, sounds and smells. She even asked me to buy her a pretzel from a stand and raved about how good it tasted. She didn't seem to mind much about being dressed in only a skimpy sarong. That's how I knew she was getting too comfortable and that it was high time for another task. And although it was not my intention, this next task ended up costing her her wrap and leaving her completely naked.

We walked past carnival games and attractions on our way back to shore but didn't stop at any of them. No time for that. Our only goal was the Ferris wheel. I could try to toss a ring in a bucket any day. While we were waiting in line for the wheel, the operator made an announcement that this would be the last ride of the day due to the threat of bad weather rolling in.

I had really been looking forward to it and was relieved that we barely made it on to ride. Lucy and I were soon seated inside a cage opposite each other and rising through the air. Like the end of the pier, the top of the wheel provided more spectacular views and another interesting perspective. I could see the entire entertainment district fanned out from our spot high above the middle; from the various shops to parking and a spiderweb of roads beyond. Somewhere across the highway to the north was our neighborhood along with Mr. Unger and our backyard hideaway.

Looking south over the ocean, it felt like the horizon was impossibly far away. But nearer and to the west, I could see clouds gathering. They almost looked to be the same height as us! Judging by their dark color, it didn't look good. Suddenly a lightning bolt cracked in the distance, and I thought it a bad idea to be up so high. But what did I know? Surely, they had lightning rods on this thing, right? At least they wouldn't be allowed to operate it under unsafe conditions, right? Right?

Shaking the scary thought from my mind, I turned my attention to Lucy. She was also enjoying her first Ferris wheel ride. Finding the subject of weather uninteresting, she instead peered out through the bars of the cage at all the flashing lights and attractions below. I almost hated to ruin her fun, but it just had to be done.

"Hey Lucy, I got a dare for you." I said mischievously.

Her smile faded and she shrank into her seat rubbing her smooth legs together. Her break was over. It was time to perform the next task.


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 15)

When you unload a Ferris wheel, you have to do it one pod at a time. Based on where they started, I saw we were going to be third to last to get off. Since this was the last ride of the day, they were only unloading passengers and not allowing any more to get on. We slowly made what was supposed to have been our last trip around the wheel; stopping regularly to let other pods evacuate. As we neared our turn on the exit platform, I gave Lucy what, on the surface, was a simple dare.

She was to "accidentally" let her wrap fall off and slip through the crack along the cage floor. I only intended it to be a brief reminder of her near nude state and how easily she could be stripped of her clothes. As soon as they let us off the wheel, she would be able to retrieve it from the ground and put it back on. The whole thing would be over in thirty seconds if everything went right. We were only a few feet off the ground and our cage was next to unload. What could go wrong?

It turns out: a lot! Reluctantly accepting the challenge, she untied her wrap and held it closed with both hands, waiting until the last possible moment. The wheel started moving and our cage was lowered into position. But true to her word, she honored the dare just in time. Looking like a total accident, the wrap slipped from her hands and fell right through the crack by her feet. Like any young lady in her position, she yelped in surprise at having been suddenly stripped naked in public and curled up into a ball.

That's when everything started to go wrong. The wheel operator's attention was naturally drawn to by the sudden nudity of a hot girl on his ride. He was so distracted that he forgot to pull the lever that stopped the wheel in time. The worker responsible for safely unloading passengers was standing on the exit platform. He got the closest view of all of the embarrassed naked girl curled up in a ball with a look of alarm on her face. He peered through the bars at the enjoyable scene with his mouth hanging open.

Lucy was genuinely squealing at having lost her only piece of clothing. She looked down to locate her wrap for rapid retrieval. But instead of finding it lying on the open ground below us, it had snagged on a bolt and was hanging from the bottom of our cage!

The unloader tried to open the door to let us off, but because the operator had spun the wheel too far, the safety latch had re-engaged. The only way to open it now was to go all the way around and try again. He signaled to the operator by raising his hand and making a big circle in the air indicating that we would have to make another loop.

When instead of letting her disembark and retrieve her outfit, the cage started moving again, Lucy's eyes went wide. More people were becoming aware of her naked predicament and were turning to watch. Everywhere I looked people were tugging on their friends' sleeves and pointing up at the humiliating spectacle unfolding above them. I’m sure she felt like a caged animal; trapped naked for the crowd to gawk at.

Our pod moved beyond the exit platform but stopped soon after to let the next group of passengers off. We were still pretty low, and everyone nearby could tell Lucy had suffered some sort of wardrobe malfunction. She sat naked and huddled in her seat trying to cover as much of her bare skin as possible. Meanwhile, her wrap hung out of reach below the cage.

We moved again and the last group exited their pod. We were now officially the last two passengers on the wheel. As soon as we started moving again, Lucy dove under her seat to retrieve her wrap which was rising along with us. It fluttered violently just beyond the reach of her fingers like a banner in the wind advertising her total nudity. It looked like one of those flags they use to warn sailors when a hurricane is coming. Only this one was red and white instead of red and black.

The cage picked up speed as we rode high into the air for our last loop around the wheel. Just as we crested the top, we were hit by a large wall of warm tropical air. The whole wheel groaned in response and our cage swung precariously enough that Lucy sat back down, and we both grabbed for our armrests to steady us. But it was just a gust and died down quickly.

Seeing the danger had passed, I relaxed my grip on the armrests. Lucy dove under her seat again then looked up at me terrified. Her wrap was gone! A colorful flutter caught my attention, and I turned my head to see her diaphanous cloth wrap spread out like a sail and riding the tropical air current far out to sea.

I suppressed a smile, and I realized what I had just accidentally accomplished. Lucy was officially on vacation far from home without a scrap of clothing to her name. Along the way, the poor naked girl had managed to lose every piece of clothing she owned including her travel dress and not one, but two swimsuits!

She looked at me in terror as the cage followed its path toward the ground and the large crowd of onlookers. When I shrugged my shoulders unhelpfully, she started making her trademark high-pitched "eeeeeee" sound and looking around wildly. I tried to calm her but none of my words got through to her. She was in full-on panic mode and hyperventilating. Her extreme reaction made me think perhaps I had made an error in judgement. She had been able to endure gradual exposure at the bait shop to a small audience that had grown one or two at a time. But to be stripped completely naked high above a public throng of humanity was proving to be too much too fast.

But what could I do? Other than my shaving kit, I had nothing on me except my own swim trunks. I was chivalrous and all, but I wasn't about to take my clothes off and leave myself naked just so she would have something to wear. Could you imagine the humiliation? So, along for the ride, I just sat there and waited to see what would happen next.

As soon as we reached the landing and the doors opened, she darted from the cage in a naked panic. She fled the scene, a white blur streaked through the milling crowd toward the row of buildings across the pedestrian street.

Almost too late, I ran after her. As fast as I could, I weaved through the crowd bumping into people left and right. Even a middling crowd can become a throng of humanity when you're trying to run. Thinking I had lost track of her, I started to fret. But then I saw a gap between two buildings and guessed correctly that she had fled that way.

I caught up to my naked sister huddling in the alley between two rather smelly dumpsters. She was out of breath, but that didn't mean much. It could have been from running just as much as from being stripped naked in public.

"Mikey!" she cried out when I caught up to her, "It flew away! It just...FLEW AWAY! And everyone saw me! You have to get me something else to wear!"

I tried to calm her so I could concentrate and weigh my options. But when she refused to be calmed, I had to leave her presence so I could think. I walked around looking for ideas. There were plenty of clothing stores around and I could have bailed her out by buying her another outfit. But I was determined to only do that as a last resort.

I had to decide if it was really necessary to give her more clothes. She had been quite comfortable in her wrap. That meant she should have been able to handle more exposure. But she had panicked and ran when stripped completely naked. Ideally, I needed to come up with some kind of middle ground between the two. I concluded the big crowd and the broad daylight had been too much for her. If she could make it until sundown, I might be able to convince her to walk back naked without panicking. I just had to find a better hiding spot than those stinky dumpsters. But where?

Looking around, I settled on one of those old timey photography studios that was just down from the alley. They don't exist anymore, I don't think. But back then, a person or group could go there and get a photograph developed that made it look like you had visited the old west times. The outside of the store was even decorated as if people still hitched up their horses and walked right in, and the windows were plastered with fake wanted posters and other black and white photos of vacationers dressed up in cowboy garb. It didn’t look it had any other customers and seemed the kind of place we might be able to kill a few hours. Maybe they would even have pity and let Lucy borrow some western clothes while she waited for nightfall.

There was only one problem. How could I convince Lucy to leave her current hiding spot with no clothes on and make her way over to the store? My solution came in the form of a distraction. Due to the storm rolling in, a big waterspout had formed not far from shore and people were pointing at it and talking excitedly. I, myself, was temporarily distracted by the interesting phenomenon. It looked like a tornado you would see in cartoons. A waterspout in that area was common enough that people didn't seem to be alarmed. But when several more formed nearby, it became a legitimate attraction.

When everyone stampeded over toward the beach to see the unusual sight, I knew it was the opening I had been looking for. I returned to Lucy who was disappointed to see I wasn't holding a new outfit for her. I grabbed her by the hand and tried to pull her from hiding, but she dug in and resisted; saying she would rather wait for some clothes first.

"Lucy, forget it." I said firmly. "You're not getting any more clothes! Either you accept my help and come with me now, or you can stay here by yourself and figure out how to get home naked. Everyone is distracted right now and looking the other way. But the coast won't be clear much longer. So, we have to leave now unless you want to do it after the crowd comes back."

That got her moving. Squeezing my hand tightly, the naked girl let me lead her out of the safety of the alley and down the sidewalk. We made it to the old-time photo studio a few stores away without incident. Lucy was glad to find it empty and relieved to be no longer outside naked. Her breathing slowed and her pupils went back to normal size.

Stepping inside the studio was like stepping back in time. We were no longer in a modern entertainment district on the Gulf of Mexico. We had somehow transported into horse and buggy times. We stared agape at the posters on the wall when a voice with a slow, gravelly drawl greeted us.

Out of nowhere stepped what looked like a real live cowboy. "Howdy, partners," he said, "the name's Riviera Dave. How can I help you, greenhorns?"


Dare Me - The Lost Swimsuit Saga (Part 16)

I shook my head in disbelief and wondered if someone hadn't slipped some drugs into my corndog. Another Riviera Dave?! How many of them can there be? Or was it the same guy? It couldn't be...could it? I felt like my eyes were playing tricks on me. He did have the same build and his eyes were an exact match. But he also had a thick handlebar moustache and a completely different gait.

He walked over and leaned against the main counter; waiting for us to say something as if his world moved more slowly and he was in no hurry. I had seen cowboys on TV and sometimes at Halloween. But everything about him was so much more authentic. Only then did I realize what he was subtly drawing my attention to. It was a sign on the counter right next to him that said, "By Appointment Only."

Fearing he was about to kick us back out into the street, I wracked my brain for some excuse or angle to convince him to let us stay without buying anything. The shy naked girl I was with understandably huddled behind me. I tried to act like we belonged and were interested in becoming paying customers of whatever he wanted to sell us. But I didn't do a very good job of sounding convincing.

"Well, um, my name is Mike," I began, "and we're here on vacation and were wondering...well..." I gave up on my sentence as my confidence faltered under his unblinking gaze. I felt like he could see right through me. There was no point in trying to concoct some fanciful story. Lucy was no help. Without any clothes on, she was using me as her only means of cover and refused to talk.

Despite our suspicious behavior and lack of justification for being there, he spoke and acted politely toward us. But it was clear his patience was running thin. "How do you do, Mike? And who might this fine young filly be?"

I stammered over a pathetic response. "That's my little sister, Lucy....uh, she lost her swimsuit...and...but...we're here on vacation." When I realized I had already said that part, I decided to just shut my mouth and let him take the lead. He studied me for a long moment then looked over my shoulder at my naked sister. She shrunk back further, clearly uncomfortable with the attention.

"Nice to meet you, miss Lucy." he said gently, like he was calming a spooked horse, "Lost swimsuit, eh? Well, no need to fret. I can't say it surprises me much. I’ve been her a while and seen it all. This ain't my first rodeo. Wish I could help you; I do. Got plenty that would fit you. But I’m sorry to say this here’s a business, not a charity.”

Addressing me with a firmer tone, he added, “There are clothing shops 'round about. So, unless you folks intend to make it worth my while and buy something, you best git along.”

I tried one last plea. "We're not asking for charity, but we can't afford to buy anything. We're just looking for somewhere to stay until the weather-" the rest of my words stuck in my throat when he rose up from his reclining stance to full height. I suddenly felt very small and threatened. His hands were relaxed at his side, but I got the sense he could draw his pistols with deadly speed, if necessary. I raised my hands and stumbled back a pace to show him I was no threat.

His eyes bore into me with a steeled stare as if I might reach for a pistol of my own somehow. "Not…a charity," he repeated slowly with an edge in his voice, "now, I said my peace. You either earn your keep, or you hit the trail".

My heart started pounding as I measured the gap between myself and the door. I wanted to bolt from the store and leave the old west behind for good, but I was too scared to make any sudden moves and risk him drawing on me. Surely, I wasn't in any real danger. But convincing my mind of that was proving difficult. Before I could do anything, Lucy unexpectedly spoke up in a small voice.

"Earn our keep…how?" she asked.

His face softened and his whole demeanor changed when she spoke. It wasn’t fair. Just because she was a young girl and naked, he treated her completely different. Stupid frontier chivalry! Cowboy Dave thought for a moment then he smiled through his mustache and winked with a gleam in his eye. He even turned his back to us to look at his schedule book on the counter. I was quite offended that he saw me as so much of a threat but gave Lucy all the deference in the world. Either way, when he turned back around, he spoke much more gently; like talking to an old acquaintance.

"Well, I don't have any customers scheduled this afternoon," he said. He moseyed to the front window and looked out at the gathering storm.

"Not likely to get anymore today either. I suppose we could work out some arrangement. I can offer you a place inside for the afternoon and a free deluxe photo session to boot. In exchange, you help me make some fresh promotionals.” He pointed to the dusty posters hanging in the window. I’m pretty sure he added a few syllables to pro-mo-tion-al-s when he said it in his thick western drawl.

“What do you say,” he asked, leaning back onto the counter, and waiting patiently for us to consider his offer.

I looked at the posters. They depicted stereotypical scenes from the old west. Families or groups of people on vacation would come in and play dress-up with outfits from the time period. They could be outlaws or settlers, gunslingers or just plain cowboys. For a fee, Riviera Dave would capture it all on camera and print out memento books of the photos. This was before everyone had a camera phone in their pocket with filters. So, it was kind of a big deal.

Keeping with the times, the pictures were mostly black and white or sepia and intentionally printed on aged brown parchment. I didn't see anything obviously wrong with his old promotionals, other than the fact that the people in them tended to be older and had faces as wrinkled as the paper they were printed on. I guessed Dave was hoping to freshen up the scenes with us as actors and perhaps attract a younger clientele.

I had to admit, his offer sounded kind of exciting. Lucy must have felt the same way. She smiled up at me hopefully when I turned to ask her opinion. Given the alternative of being sent back outside naked, she would jump at the offer to play dress-up for the rest of the afternoon instead. And how could I pass up the chance to be a real cowboy for a day?

Turning back, I nodded my head and said "deal". Dave responded with a "Yee-haw!" His whole attitude towards us changed to be much more welcoming and jovial now that we had agreed to his deal. It was enough to almost make me question what we had gotten ourselves into. But I wasn’t about to back out. No telling what he would do to me!

Dave hung a sign in the window that said "Photography Session in Progress" then pulled the front shade down and locked the door to prevent intruders. He led us through a curtain into the back. I was stunned to discover how big an operation he was running as he led us through his facility.

Lucy’s nudity didn’t seem to concern him in the least which put her at ease around him. She giggled in excitement when he showed her the hair and makeup room. He dropped her off to get herself ready but had me keep following him. We entered an entire old west town that had been built inside a warehouse space. It was more like a movie backlot than a simple photography studio. There was even enough artificial lighting to simulate sunlight!

The stores along its main street were more than just fronts. Inside each one was another photography station with a place for a tripod and more lighting. He had a mercantile, a bank, a saloon, and even a jail!

Not everything was real, though. Around the "corner" from main street stood another big photography station. This was used to depict other outdoor locations. It was currently setup like a campfire with a full-sized chuckwagon to one side. A fake canyon scene had been painted on the back wall. But the wall could be moved out of the way and replaced with many other painted walls with scenes like a desert with cacti, a river, and the outside of a log farmhouse. Some of the scenes I recognized from his promotional posters up front.

Next, he led me to the impressively large wardrobe area. There were rows and rows of elaborate costumes to make any scene. Here, he surprised me when he asked for my creative input. I had gathered a pretty good idea what kind of pictures Dave would want. But he threw me for a loop when he wanted me to suggest a theme for the shoot.

He said what customers wanted most was a custom catered experience. Anyone could get their picture sitting on a fake horse. But he always got the biggest tip when he was able to incorporate the customers' backgrounds into the story. He wanted to do the same with us, and he gave me some examples to get my creative juices flowing.

One time, a bachelorette party came into his shop. They had been drinking and hooking up with random men all weekend in a raunchy bar called "Sharky's Revenge". He suggested the saloon as the perfect scene for the bridal party. They had a ball dressing up like harlots and prostitutes. And the pictures he gave them made a great memento of their fun week of debauchery.

Another time, a group came in on a corporate retreat. They were in the middle of a vicious price war with another company. Dave split the group in two. The first half got to dress up like heroic gunslingers and sheriffs who stood for all things right. The second group showed up dressed in dirty clothes in the color of their competition and rode stick horses. A shootout ensued right there at high noon on main street with the heroes winning decisively. Dave's photos of the showdown inspired the employees to defeat their competition and win the price war.

With our photoshoot, Dave wanted another story like that. He wanted to demonstrate to potential customers that whatever you brought with you into his store could be incorporated into something truly memorable. His only requirement was that I try to use as many of his sets as possible.

I thought a minute. But how could I incorporate our background? We were downright boring compared to a bachelorette party. The only thing of any interest was Lucy and her lost swimsuit…wait a minute…that's it! I immediately grabbed for the pen and paper and started writing. Before long I had an entire story outlined. I would play a small role of various parts, but Lucy was going to be the star of the shoot.

This was going to be fun!


