The Egg
by mich_1 ©

I was surfing the net last night I came across a new web site. It was 
quite interesting and had a shop where you could buy sex toys. 

One toy was a remote controlled egg. A small cylinder shape, 2 or 3 
inches. This was inserted into the vagina. There were no wires but a 
wireless remote control operated it. Honest. Anyway this got me thinking. 

One day to show how much you love/trust your lover you go out. You are 
wearing a short black skirt. Under the skirt you are wearing silk knickers 
but you have first inserted the egg, kept in place by the knickers. 

You have given the control to your lover. He can turn it on, off and 
control its speed. On a slow speed it is almost silent but on high gives a 
discernible hum. 

When you first go out you pretend to be alone, your lover walking behind 
you. You get on a bus. He sits behind you. He waits until the bus fills up 
a bit. A young woman, 21ish, sits beside you. He turns the egg on. Just 
slow at first 

This is easy; you can control yourself so far. After 4 or 5 minutes you 
close your eyes. You are beginning to sweat. The woman asks you if you are 
ok. You manage to reply. 

Suddenly the egg is turned off and nothing happens for a moment or two. 
Then it is turned on, this time a medium speed. The bus is noisy and you 
are sure nothing can be heard but you are having trouble controlling your 
breathing. You start panting slightly. One hand drops to your lap but you 
can do no more than leave it there because the woman keeps looking at you. 


Then the egg is turned up to full speed. You gasp. The egg is very loud 
and the woman must be able to hear it. 

Just when you are on the edge of an orgasm, the bus reaches your stop and 
it is turned off. You get of the bus, your lover behind you again. 

So they both got off the bus. You are concerned, were you right to trust 
me? But there is no turning back now. 

There is a park up ahead. It is a sunny day so you turn in, it is bound to 
be quieter than the street and you do not know if you could continue 
walking if the egg was switched on again. 

You lay down on a patch off grass and pretend to sunbathe. Suddenly you 
are aware that your mobile is ringing in your bag. You answer. 

"Are you enjoying yourself?" 

"Yes" you reply 

"Well it is a hot day so why don't you remove your skirt and blouse" and 
the phone go dead. 

You think about this, it is a public park but people would see more on a 
beach and you are very turned on by now. You remove your skirt and blouse. 


You are now wearing a pair of white silk knickers and a matching, if 
slightly lacy, bra. 

You lay there for a few minutes, your eyes closed. Nothing happens and you 
start to enjoy the sun warming your body. 

Suddenly the egg awakes, very low, barely discernable at first. Although 
the park is quiet nobody can hear the egg hum. You had come down from your 
sexual height; the bus trip was now a memory. After a couple of minutes 
your vagina is bit wet. Will this show through your knickers? The egg 
speeds up just a little. 

You turn over onto your tummy. Perhaps this will dampen the sound and hide 
any stain on your knickers. The grass tickles your tummy. You rest your 
head on your hands but you are really putting your hand over your mouth to 
stifle any gasps you know will be coming. 

The egg speeds up a little more. To you the sound is deafening. 

Your lower body is trembling. You want to yank the egg out and have a cock 
thrusting inside you. You are now almost at orgasm. You are biting your 
hand to keep quiet. 

The egg moves up to full speed. It is no good you cannot stop yourself. 
Waves upon waves of orgasm rack your body. Despite biting your hand a 
scream escapes your lips. 

Slowly the egg recedes until it is once again quiet. You lay there for a 
few moments, catching your breath. Every now and then your body trembles. 

You know that you cannot go through that again today. You sit up and get 
dressed. But what if the egg is switched on again. You look around. No one 
seems to have noticed anything, except for your lover sitting nearby. 

You turn to face him, your knees slightly apart so he can see your 
knickers. You remove your knickers and then take out the egg, the movement 
of your hand hidden by the skirt. You wrap the egg in your knickers and 
quickly put them both in your bag. 

You stand up and walk out of the park. You look over your shoulder. Your 
lover is following but now he has no control over you. 

 
