Katerina's Classroom Demonstration
by NS2000 

Part 5

From the moment the bra was unclasped, it was clear that her breasts had lost support, for the full cleavage Katerina had demonstrated earlier dropped down her chest.

Peeling the bra away from her breasts was, candidly, among the most difficult things Katerina had done in her life, and as she tossed the bra to the floor alongside the remainder of her clothing, she felt intense shame and embarassment as all eyes in the room burrowed into her chest and took in the sight.

What they saw was two medium-sized breasts, tipped by half dollar-sized reddish-brown areolas and small, circular nipples. Rather than an lusciously firm pair of breasts, Katerina's hung down somewhat on her chest with nipples pointed slightly downwards. The areola themselves, though a proportionate size, were irregular in shape and featured a rough, crinkled skin, as opposed to a smoother, more clearly circular size. Her breasts were also uneven in size, with the right being noticeably larger than her left.

Katerina, who had always worn supportive bras and swimsuit tops wherever she went, could not bear to raie her eyes and see the class taking in her breasts.

"Thank you, Ms. Katerina," Ms. Weatherby said. "All right class, now that you're having a chance to examine Ms. Katerina's uncovered breasts, what are your thoughts? Does anyone care to share?"

Blake's eyes looked like they were about to bulge out of their sockets--never in a million years did he expect to be able to see, so close and for so long, the uncovered chest of his sister's best friend--someone he had ogled many times over the years. He could barely contain his excitement at what he was seeing. Instinctively, he reached down to pick up his camera to take a photo.

"Wait!," Katerina cried out. "He can't take my photo, can he?" she asked with alarm.

"Actually, he is well within his rights to do exactly that--all of the students here are," Ms. Weatherby corrected Katerina. "Your agreement with the court stipulates this, as did the permission slips signed by all of today's students. This is an educational lesson, and we want our students to be able to reference and recall what they have learned here today. Think of it as simply no more than taking notes."

Katerina had completely missed that part. Photos? Of her naked body? On the phones of a bunch of hormonal 9th graders? It was insane! Taking notes? She imagined every boy--and maybe some of the girls--would be getting off to her photos this evening, and probably for weeks and months to come. And surely the photos would make their way beyond the students in this class!

"But, Ms. Weatherby, as soon as they leave this room--if not before--photos of me will be spread everywhere. That cannot be part of today's arrangements, can it?"

"That is correct," the teacher responded. "Your photos actually CAN'T be shared outside this classroom. The photos the students take are for themselves and their classmates only - sharing beyond that is strictly forbidden, and any student caught breaking that rule will face the stiffest of penalties. In all of my years teaching this lesson, such a thing has never happened to my knowledge."

"To your knowledge," thought Katerina. "Right." She wondered how the school could police such a thing, and decided they probably couldn't. Still, she could only hope that the threat of sever punishment was enough to deter the students from abusing the photos they were taking.

Augh, Katerina thought...what a complete nightmare.

Meanwhile, while this was playing out, several other students had gotten their phones out and started taking pictures of the now-topless Katerina. Katerina noticed this, and instinctively went to cover her boobs.

"Ms. Katerina, please drop your arms immediately," the teacher warned her. Katerina, aware of her absent-minded slip, immediately dropped her arms back to her sides.

"No student may be deprived of a complete examination of your body as he or she wishes," Ms. Weatherby reminded her. "Please do not let it happen again."

Katerina could only slightly nod in resigned submission.

"Right then," said Ms. Weatherby, "As I was saying, with Katerina's breasts now fully exposed, I want to the students to share their thoughts. I am going to call on a few of you to get the conversation started. Daniel--" and here she pointed to the dark haired boy who had spoken up previously "--what are your thoughts on Katerina's breasts?"

"Well, uh," Daniel stammered a bit, interrupted as he was from taking pictures of Katerina's bare chest, and trying to compose himself. "They're nice, I guess. They're a nice size and all."

Miss Weatherby sensed there was more, so she prodded him a bit. "Anything else, Daniel?"

"Um, well," he began, clearly uncomfortable, "they could maybe be a little firmer. I thought all young adults like Katerina had really firm boobs."

"That's actually a misunderstanding," the teacher corrected him, but she was immediately cut off.

The blonde haired girl who had commented on Katerina's skinny legs piped up, "I think they look ok, but they're different sizes, which looks a little strange. And why do her areola look like that? Aren't they supposed to be like round and smooth?"

"Her areola look funny," another boy said, a chorus of students chiming in now, as Katerina's face grew bright red and she hung her head down in shame and embarassment, daring not to meet the student's eye contact.

"Now, now, students," chided Ms. Weatherby, working to get the class under control. "Let's keep our comments productive, please. Criticisms and observations are OK, but let's not try to be insulting."

Already, some students were comparing the photos they had been taking, and looking up a Katerina's bare chest to match what they were seeing on their screens. Henry raised his hand. "Ms. Katerina, have your boobs always looked like this?"

Ms. Weatherby looked over at Katerina--clearly the question was in bounds, so Katerina began t formulate an answer.

"I...I mean, sort of?" she said. "They...I guess, they...used to be a little firmer than they are now. But I am not really sure what you mean."

In truth, she had always been a bit embarassed by her boobs, and they never had the fullness and firmness one tends to expect from the breasts of younger women. It was just something she had been born with, she supposed, and something she had worked hard to hide. Except now her secret was completely open.

"But how old are you?" Henry pressed. "Like, you aren't that old, right? Shouldn't they be firmer?"

"You are asking good questions," Ms. Weatherby interjected. "But remember what we talked about, class. Everyone's bodies are different. None of us look the same, or are society's idea of perfect. You all suspected form the time Katerina first took off her top that perhaps her breasts were not entirely firm or full, and now we have seen that's the case. For a young, thin woman, her breasts do sag somewhat, and her areola do indeed look like those of an older woman. Are these bad things? Again, it depends on what you find attractive."

"Can we come up for a closer look, Ms. Weatherby?" one of the boys asked.

"I suppose," she responded, "No touching, remember, but please do feel free to bring your cameras and take any photos you wish. Ms. Katerina, kindly place your arms behind your back so that your breasts are thrust out, and allow the students to closely examine them."

Katerina was beyond mortiifed at this point, and could only hope to sink into a puddle right there on the floor. She could not conceive of anything more embarassing than this. Still, reluctantly, she did as asked, and clasped her hands behind her back while the students lined up to closely look at her boobs.

One by one they walked by, their eyes merely inches from her nipples and areola, carefully examining every inch, contour and mark of her breasts. They examined her tits more closely than perhaps any of her boyfriends ever had, she thought. All of them, one by one, took photos. Several of them zoomed in closely just on her nipples, and took photos that revealed in excruciating vividness every detail of her nipples and areola.

One girl asked, "What are those faint lines there, along the top of your right breast?," while snapping photos.

"Um," Katerina stammered, "I...I think those are stretch marks you're seeing?"

"Yes," Miss Weatherby stated, "When a woman's breasts grow or begin to sag on her chest, they may leave markings on the skin that we refer to as stretch marks. They are common in women who have born a child, or who have lost a lot of weight. Sometimes though, as is the case with Katerina, you might see them on younger women."

The girl nodded, looked a bit longer and snapped a couple more pictures, and moved on.

Another boy, this one with sandy brown hair was next.

"Can Ms. Katerina turn to the side," he asked.

"Of course," Ms. Weatherby said. "Ms. Katerina, please turn to the side so that Andrew can see how your breasts look in side profile."

Katerina siged audibly and did as asked, turning to her left.

Andrew stared at her from this angle for a moment, and continued taking pictures. Ms. Weatherby noticed, and prodded him for some thoughts. "What do you think, Andrew?"

"I think her boobs are cool," he ssaid, to some gentle laughs from the other students. "But maybe a little weird the way they look from the side of her chest--I can kind of see how they droop a little bit more from this angle."

"Right," Ms. Weatherby said. "Their form is more pronounced when viewing her breasts from this angle. What you are probably noticing is her side-boob, which is where her breast tissue attaches to her chest. In girls with less-firm boobs like Katerina here, the side-boob is more pronounced since the breast is hanging downwards somewhat. Though if you'll note, class, even from this angle Miss Katerina's nipples are still pointed mostly forwards, and not downwards--though that might change as she ages. Go ahead and take a close up of her breast here, Andrew, so you can remember what it looks like from this angle."

Andrew obliged, and Ms. Weatherby asked the mortified girl to turn back around so she could once again face the students head-on, and the line continued.

The worst moment for Katerina was Blake. He walked up to her with a mischievous grin, and planted his eyes inches from her chest, watching her breasts heaving with each breath Katerina took, and began taking a series of pictures zoomed in on ever inch of her exposed chest.

"Hey, Kat," he said while zoomed in on her right nipple, intentionally referring to her informal name to embarrass her further, "What IS up with your areola, huh? Why do they look all weird?"

Katerina wanted to burst into tears - her privacy, her self-image...all of it was being destroyed, and the fact that her best friend's younger brother was staring at and photographing her naked chest and asking such intensel inappropriate and personal questions was almost more than she could bear.

She inhaled deeply before responding.

"They're not THAT weird, I don't think Blake. They're just areolas."

"Yeah," Blake said, continuing to stare intently and snap pictures, "but they're, like, all odd shaped and the skin is really crinkly. Like,I don't want to be rude or anything, but I HAVE seen other girls' nipples before. And it's just that if you'd asked me before today what I thought your boobs might look like, I don't think I would have guessed this."

Seriously??, Katerina thought. "I don't know what to say, Blake," she said with a defeated tone. "It's just how they look, ok? Can you just finish whatever you're doing please?" Her self-confience in herself was evaporating in the face of these withering comments from Blake and others. She didn't think things could get worse.

"Do you like them?" he bluntly asked.

"Not really," she answered honestly. In fact, she hated them. It was one of the parts of her body she hated the most. But she had never confided this to anyone, let alone a room full of strangers like this.

Turning to Ms. Weatherby, Blake asked a question. "I know we cant touch her boobs, but could we ask her to lift her breasts up and drop them to her chest, so we can see how they move when they aren't encumbered by a bra?"

Ms. Weatherby thought for a moment. "I don't see why not. Katerina, could you please do as Blake asks?"

She absolutely thought she would die. How much indignity could she possibly stand? Looking plaintively at Ms. Weatherby and finding no symnpathic response, Katerina proceeded to do as she was asked.

Blake couldn't believe his luck. He quickly switched his camera to video mode so he could fully capture the scene playing out before him.

Gripping each nipple between her thumb and middle finger, Katerina lifted each breast off of her chest, pulling her nipples towards her chin, before releasing them. The breasts bounced down onto her chest with a faint thwacking sound, and proceeded to jiggle on her chest for several moments before resettling.

Blake thought he might just die right there, and was excited to watch that scene--repeatedly, in slow motion--once he got home later today.

The class was transfixed. "Wow, I guess that's why you need to run in a sports bra, huh?" Andrew asked her, to which Katerina didn't respond.

Eventually, to Katerina's relief, Blake moved on. A girl with shorter, brown hair who hadn't said anything to this point in the class waslked up, looking intently at Katerina's chest.

"What do you think?," Ms. Weatherby asked her.

"I think they look kind of nice," the girl replied, snapping a couple of photos. "I dunno...they're boobs. I wouldn't say they're amazing or anything, but I think they are nice."

"Do you think Katerina's sexual partners find her boobs attractive?," Ms. Weatherby continued.

"I guess so," the girl replied, clearly somewhat uncomfortable with the question. "They're a good size and I think kind of cute. And I don't think her areolas are that weird, like Blake did," she said.

Although the girl was saying nice things about her boobs, Katerina just wanted this fixation with her chest to end. Having a bunch of young students ogling her so closely was exceedingly uncomfortable.

Daniel, the dark haired boy who had asked Katerina the questions about her butt earlier, then raised his hand--he was next in line.

"Ms. Weatherby, Ms. Katerina said earlier that her boyfriend enjoyed gripping her butt when she was on top of him having sex. It caused me to wonder what view her boyfriend had of her breasts while they would have sex - based on what she just shared with us, I have to imagine they jiggled around quite a bit. I wonder, could Miss Katerina demonstrate for us what her breasts look like while she is riding someone, so we can see it firsthand? I am sure there are many students here who'd like to see what a girl's breasts look like while she's having sex like that."

Holy christ, Katerina thought, surely this is an unreasonable request? Couldn't they just go to Pornhub or something and watch a video if they wanted to see this? Surely they didn't need her to demonstrate it?

"Hmm," Miss Weatherby said as she thought things through. "So long as you do not touch Ms. Katerina and take only pictures or videos, I guess I don't see the harm in it. It is important after all for everyone to gain the full benefit of a live model here to demonstrate this for us. Katerina, could you kindly climb onto the table here and demonstrate for us what it looks like when your boyfriend is penetrating your vagina while you grind on top of him?"

Katerina thought her heart would simply ecxplode - surely this was well beyond anything that was reasonable. She finally decided to protest.

"Miss Weatherby, please," she began, "surely there are other ways that your students can learn this information? What you are asking is so intensely private, surely you cannot expect me to mime a sex act in front of them?"

Ms. Weatherbvy was nonplussed. "Surely I do, Ms. Katerina. While I appreciate your presence here this morning, you must understand that you have no privacy, at least in this classroom with these students. You gave that up when you agreed to these arrangements yesterday. Thus, I am going to ask--only once more: Please demonstrate for these students what your body looks like when you're riding your boyfriend." As if to emphasize the point, the teacher patted the table on which she was asking Katerina to climb.

Seeing no hope of escape, and nothing to be gained by prolonging this, Katerina slowly climbed onto the table. She remained thankful that she was still wearing panties--for now.

"Please make sure everyone has a good view of her, particulary of her chest," Miss Weatherby said. All of the students crowded around the table, with their phones and cameras out, ready to record the show.

"Remember," the teacher said, "Daniel's request was to see what Katerina's breasts looks like when she is in the throes of passion with her partner. Miss Katerina, you may commence."

She wished she would die, and she felt the welling of tears around her eyes. Still, she swallowed hard and committed to getting through this as quickly as possible.

She climbed onto the table, her boobs swaying slightly as she did so--she was thankful for her panties at the moment, because otherwise the students would have really had a show. She tried to ignore all of the teenagers filming her body as she scooted around a bit awkwardly so that she was on her knees facing the class, then spread her knees apart as if her boyfriend was laying beneath her. Then--in what was the most undignified thing she could possibly think of--she leaned forward and planted her hands on the front of the table. With her breasts dangling beneath her, she slowly began miming the act of riding her boyfriend, gently thrusting her hips back and forth.As she did so, her breasts began swaying forwards and backwards on her chest.

As she continued to thrust her hips, her breasts jiggled and were thrown around even more on her chest, to the point where they started slapping into her chest with an audible thwapping sound.

The students did not make a sound as they watched and filmed Katerina's demonstration. Suddenly, a boy who had been standing towards the front blurted out, "What's going on with her nipples?"

That caused every student's eyes to fixate intensely upon Katerina's nipples, which had perked up and were standing fully erect at the ends of her breasts.

Oh my god, Katerina thought, my body is betraying me and getting turned on by this. The act of thrusting her hips about and causing her dangling breasts to jiggle around was causing her to become aroused.

"That," Miss Weatherby said, "is what a woman's nipples look like when she is sexually aroused. Remember, we talked about this. I would surmise that Miss Katerina is imagining her boyfriend underneath her right now, and the thought of having sex with him is causing her body to become aroused and, thus, her nipples to become erect. This is entirely normal and very common. Oftentimes, a woman's sexual partners will take advantage of erect nipples to gently pull, pinch and twist them, as many women find that stimulating."

All the while, Katerina continued dry-humping the table, her dangling breasts with erect nipples flailing about on her chest. FInally, Ms. Weatherby called an end to the proceedings.

"Alright, I think that's enough," she said. "Miss Katerina, you may get down."

Katerina, now wholly embarrassed yet grateful to be done with this particular demonstration, quickly climbed off the table and resumed standing, wearing only her panties, in front of the students, many of whom had just filmed the entire episode.

"OK class," Miss Weatherby said, "So everyone has now had a chance to closely inspect Miss Katerina's breasts. We've discussed their size, shape and form, why her breasts, nipples and areola look the way that they do, and have seen how her sexual partners see her breasts when she is having intercourse with them. We have also had the fortunate opportunity to observe her nipples becoming erect as she becomes sexually aroused. Does anyone have any further questions about Miss Katerina's breasts before we move on?"

One girl in the back raised his hand.

"Yes, Erin?" Miss Weatherby asked.

"Yeah, I wondered, Miss Katerina, whether you have to try on particular bras and stuff to make your boobs look good? I am thinking that when you had your shirt on and even when you were just in your bra, we call couldn't really tell whether your breasts drooped or sagged at all. Which, like, is probably intentional, right? So what do you look for?"

"A very good question, and probably one a lot of girls here have. What say you, Miss Katerina?"

Katerina swallowed hard again before answering.

"Well, yeah, my, uh, breasts do require a bit more support. They aren't overly big as you can see so they aren't like some larger girls who require special bras and bikini tops and such. But, when I am buying new bras, or a new bikini, I do make sure that when I try them on I see how my boobs look from all angles, and do they look firm and supported--or do they, like, maybe hang down a bit. It's not just so they look better, though...walking around all day without properly supported boobs doesn't feel very good after awhile, so a properly sized and fitted bra helps keep that from happening."

"A very helpful answer, Miss Katerina. OK then, I think we are at a point when we can proceed with our lesson. Students, I would like for you all to return to your seats for now."

The students dutifully did so, as Ms. Weatherby turned her attention to the nearly nude girl beside her. "And Miss Katerina, please proceed with removing your panties so that we may inspect and discuss your vagina and anus."

Katerina momentarily froze. This was it, she thought. The moment, above all else, that she had been dreading. She waited while the students returned to their desks. Visions of all of the hours she'd spent at Stacey's house with Blake hanging around, and knowing that he was about to gain full view of her most private region--it sickened her. It was horrifying. There were no words for what Katerina was feeling at that moment.

But she also knew, as that voice in her head continued to tell her, that there was no escape from this. This was the punishment she had chosen for herself, and nothing could be done.

Quivering a bit, she inhaled deeply, held her breath, then slipped her thumbs under the waistband of her white panties--her last remaining bit of modesty--and slowly begain gliding them down her hips. Meanwhile, Blake and his classmates all had their phones pointed directly at Katerina's crotch. They didn't want to miss a thing.


