Sally's Sitting Down Secret
by Second Edition Harry Lime
Copyright© 2022 by Second Edition Harry Lime

Sally tried as hard as she could to remember when she first started to have a “sitting down” problem, but it was so far back that she finally gave up and accepted she had a problem and how it started didn’t really matter to her at all.

It had started in her mind at special events like birthday parties or celebrations. Then, she remembered her doing it at times when she was traveling on a bus or in a car or even one time on a train.

The whole thing was silly from her point of view.

Still, her girlfriends and her sister confronted her on it one fine day and she realized it was something that was not normal for a well behaved sixteen year old young lady to be doing in public or even in private.

It gave her pause to consider her friends words.

Sure, it was a sexual thing. She could easily see that now. It had become a habit now and she was truly addicted to it. It was something she knew would be difficult to stop doing because she had so much fun in doing it with certain guys.

All she knew was that she was not ashamed of doing it and she didn’t feel the least bit guilty about her actions. She knew it was not something she had learned by watching other people do it or even reading about it in a book or a magazine. It was part of her, and it was second nature to her now and she had no intention of ever stopping.

None of her selected partners had ever rejected her advances and they all seemed totally happy about letting her have her way until the happy ending.

Lately, she had even modified her undies to make it easier for her to satisfy her hunger for a quick result. She knew the whole thing was good for her libido and good for her physical health.

Sally was a girl with an urge to sit on men’s hardness wearing short skirts and flimsy undies to get the full effect of their equipment on her feminine mystique.

She usually made a game of it like when she was a little girl and she would shout out, “Sally wants a ride!”

Her uncles were thrilled at her cowgirl motions, and they enjoyed her laughter and giggles from start to finish.

Now, that she was an almost adult, she had a wider bottom and infinitely more curves to satisfy any male’s need for female companionship.

She usually picked out relatives with discretion or friends of her father with oversized equipment to really make her day. Sally loved doing it to men in uniform. Any uniform would do, a cop, a security guard, a military guy or even a bus driver.

Most of the time she was satisfied with the man’s equipment staying inside his clothing.

Sometimes, when she had this uncontrollable hunger inside her belly, she reached back and unzipped the man’s fly to allow his thing to flop out in a semi-hard state that immediately sought her feminine folds or her tiny, crinkled opening. At times like that she usually reserved her pretty bottom for close friend’s only giving her a taste of oral satisfaction with all the lights turned off and absolutely no conversation to be heard in the dark.

Sally rode the male laps with an innocent look on her face making those around her smile thinking she was just a girl wanting to have some fun. Her mother suspected her intentions and approved of her actions because she had the same inclinations when she was a teenaged girl.

Of course, after the mother got married, she forgot all about that foolishness because her husband was quite demanding of both anal and oral sex, and she was generally to exhausted for such fun and games.

Now Sally was sitting on her Uncle Harry’s knees with her skirt down modestly covering her privates and her beautiful female thighs. Only Harry and she knew that his hardness was pressing against her pucker hole with definite desire to probe her rectal depths.

She laughed and made jokes with her sister and brother at the same time distracting attention from the fact that her lower body was bouncing on a grown man’s dick with serious intent.

Sally remembered that Uncle Harry was one of the first partners that had entered into her anal paradise with his thick knob at her fourteenth birthday party at a time when she was still exploring her sexuality. She had come close to exposing her sins because his creamy load hitting inside her rectal passageway triggered a grown-up orgasm that she experienced for the first time ever.

Harry knew he had caused her emotional break-down and held her hips firmly to hide her tremors of total release.

Sally managed to make a joke about her father taking a second helping of mashed potatoes even as the waves of sensuous passion ran amuck inside her diminutive teenaged body.

After that evening, she always sat on Uncle Harry’s lap whenever he visited, and they both enjoyed the fruits of “sitting down” fun like naughty children with a brand new toy.

Recently, Sally had been subdued in mixed company because the confrontation with her friends had startled her into questioning her own behavior. She was becoming more and more reclusive and secretive about her relations with the other sex. One exception was her older brother Tommy who was a little slow in his thinking process but made up for it with unusually large muscular development.

Sally was giving her brother a nice massage letting her fingers run over his defined muscles and eventually getting down to business with his oversized cock. He had a stupid smile on his face as she took care of his stored up deposit of cream milking him with her skilled hands like a milk maid with special talents.

Tommy liked his sister’s loving hands on his junk, but he was afraid of going further because it was all too much for him to understand the explosive feelings inside his loins.

Sally saw that he was confused, and she pulled up her drawers and tugged down on her skirt to cover her private bits from outside observation. Then, she lowered her rump down to Tommy’s flat tummy and his juicy groin with his shaft sticking up at an impossible angle. She started to ride Tommy’s erection with all her schoolgirl excitement as his thick pole stretched her pussy lips to the maximum point. She did her best to make her movements seem more playful than sensuous in the hope that her pretense in mixed company would be mistaken for high-spirited fun rather than serious sexual arousal deep inside her private parts.

Eventually, she felt the familiar swelling of her brother’s huge business inside her secret place, and she knew he would be soon flooding her cavity with his sticky joy juice that soothed her need for that special wet feeling that she loved inside her cunt.

She giggled at the thought of the word “cunt” because she knew her mom would wash her mouth out with the bar of soap if she ever heard her say it out loud.

When she was sitting on male cocks, she would whisper all those dirty words to herself, “cunt” “prick” “cock” “dick” “suck” “lick” “ass” “nipple” “blow-job” and of course, her personal favorite...”fuck”.

Sometimes, she would look over her shoulder at her partner and whisper little phrases like, “fuck me deep” or “do my ass, please” surprising the men with her hidden depravity inside such an innocent exterior.

When they came close to shooting their load inside her, she would smile her most pleasant smile possible and told them, “Thank you, that is so nice”. It was usually all they needed to trigger their ejaculation and they would explode inside her in the way that she loved the most.

She seldom required her partners to wear a rubber because she knew she could steal a “morning after” pill from her Aunt Ruth if required. Sally knew she didn’t need to worry if they were doing it inside her brown eye because one never had to worry about making a family back there.

When she was doing her “sitting down” tricks with a young boy or a near virgin, she would just rub their dick on her vaginal slit or her back door crack on the outside letting them shoot their load inside her panties with full satisfaction for both of them. Then, she would clean them both up with her folded hanky smiling up at the boy with her smiling face and innocent eyes.

Her mother’s close male friend, Mark, led her by her hand up to the attic and told her to bend over the dusty desk and try not to make any loud noises. She knew his intention was to shove his huge dick up her vagina from behind because she had seen him doing it to her mom peeking out from the closet in her bedroom. Her mom’s labored breathing as she was being pounded by Mark’s huge thing was fresh in her mind as she looked over her shoulder at his contorted face just before he pulled down her smiley face panties.

She felt his bulb like head on her brown eye and realized he was more interested in her ass than her pussy.

Well, that was all right with her because it meant she didn’t have to worry about the “morning after” pill and she loved the feeling of taking a big dick in her brown eye and being forced to take it all the way up with no way to escape from the man’s embrace.

It was that sense of being sodomized or raped from behind without her full consent that made her pulse race and her heartbeat rapidly with excitement as she felt her juices explode in uncontrollable spurts onto the dirty floor like a shower of depraved proportion.

She felt Mark shoot his load inside her gut and she was surprised when he pushed her down to her knees and commanded her, “Suck it, little girl”.

Sally tasted the scent from her own anal tract on his long thick dick and she almost gagged at the odor. Still, she wrapped her teenaged lips around him and did a reasonably good job of making him hard as a rock once again and this time he lifted her legs up high and looked down at her from above as he entered her pussy from above looking into her deep blue eyes with merciless eyes that stripped her of all her innocence and her remaining tattered dignity.

He accelerated his pounding and she fluttered around his shaft like a confused butterfly wanting to land but afraid of the result as he neared his point of no return.

He leaned down and slapped her pretty face and he spat his saliva on her sweet lips, but she didn’t care because all she could think about was his beautiful cock pinning her down on the desktop like a moth caught in the flame from a candle.

When Mark started to grunt like an animal possessed with a fever, she knew his flood was coming but still she was startled at the copious amount that filled her to the brim and overflowed out down the insides of her raised legs.

It was so much sticky cream that all she could think was that she better head straight to Aunt Ruth’s hidden stash of pills to fix any possibility of being bred against her better judgement regardless of how inviting Mark’s beautiful cock looked in the dim light of the attic lamp.

Sally walked really funny down to Aunt Ruth’s bedroom and she saw her brother Tommy smile at her with a knowing look on his youthful face. It made her feel guilty for the first time because she knew that she had enjoyed the attic trip a bit too much and that she was capable of a lot more bad behavior than just sitting down on a random cock from time to time.

After that episode, she felt like she had grown up from her “sitting down” actions, and that she was truly all grown up in matters of carnal desire.

