Spanked naked all the time
by Kimberly

Spanked naked all the time pt 1

I'm ** and have 3 younger step brothers who are total terrors. Me being the oldest, and a girl, I am always being left in charge of them when my parents go out which is totally unfair because the little bastards don't listen to me and do what ever they want no matter what I say or do. Then because my step mom is an evil bitch who loves to pick on me she always blames me for what ever happens when they are gone even when its not my fault!

My Dad went off to serve in the military for a year and left my step mom in charge. Awful! As soon as he left she started to go out all the time and leave me in charge saying she expects everything to be in order when she comes home or I'm in trouble. No matter what I say she shuts me up and says I am responsible even though she knows its impossible since my 3 step brothers are like wild animals.

One time when she was out my brothers broke a mirror throwing pillows around. When she got home they lied and said it was my fault. Because she hates me and is jealous cause I'm hot looking she spanked me not them. Even worse she made me take take my pants and underwear off right in front of them and spanked me with my bare pussy and bare butt on show right in front of my brothers while they laughed at me. She spanked my bare butt till it was burning red and sore and I was crying. Then she took my pajama pants and underwear away and said I could not get them back till I cleaned up the mess. I had to get a dust pan and brush and sweep up the broken glass with no pants or underwear on bottomless from my waist down and sobbing my eyes out while my evil step mother continued to yell at me and humiliate me. Every time I bent over they could see my asshole and when I tried to cover I'd get a swat from my mom telling me to use both hands to clean up.

Next time she went out they flooded the sink in the kitchen so when she got home guess who again got the blame. Again I was ordered to take my pajama pants and underwear off, put my hands behind me head and stand there getting spanked on my bare butt while they all starred at me squirming around bottomless and crying. This time though my 13 yo step brother Jake who had an obvious boner in his pajamas pointed out that my pajama shirt was longer and covering the top half of my bare butt so she said "Your right" and ordered me to remove my shirt now too!

At ** my boobs have already grown a lot and my brother has been trying to get a peak at them ever since, so now he was getting his way! I wasn't even wearing a bra so I begged and pleaded with my step mom to not make me get naked but all she did was say shut up and strip or else I would get the belt! Humiliated I pulled my shirt up over my head exposing my bare tits to my brothers who all were ogling and staring at me totally naked now. Then in complete naked shame I was made to stand with my hands behind my head as usual so I could not even cover my bare boobs or pussy and get spanked hard on my butt over and over till I was crying and jumping around with my tits jiggling all over the place in total naked embarrassment begging for for her to please stop. She spanked my butt till it was red and burning again then made me stay naked while I did the dishes and unclogged the sink as they all watched and snickered at me. Every time I hesitated too long my mom would step in and swat my butt making me jump and my boobs bounce around for everyones perverted pleasure. She even made me scrub the floor with a towel on my hands and knees so everyone could see my butt hole and pussy from behind!

Now every time anything goes wrong when we are left alone in the house I always wind up completely stripped naked and spanked right in front of everyone. If I refuse or resist in any way she will hold my arms and give the pleasure of pulling my pants and panties down, and wrestling my shirt and bra off to my brothers who eagerly jump in to help. I always wind up getting stripped naked and strapped across the butt with my tits flying all over the place crying in complete shame and humiliation but theres nothing I can do about it.


Spanked naked all the time pt 2 

Last week my brothers had friends over while my step mom went out bar hoping again, which is totally against the rules. My brothers and their delinquent friends ate all the candy, chips, and junk food they could find in the house and let a huge mess as usual. Horrified I tried to clean everything up before Mom got home but they would not let it happen knowing I would get blamed and probably spanked naked in front of them again as usual.

When my Mom got home I of course was the one who got yelled at for allowing my brothers to have friends over. When she saw all the junk food was eaten she demanded to know who ate it. I told her Jake and his friends did but they all conspired against me and said no it was me! I pleaded saying no they always lie and blame me but again my witch Mom chose to take twisted pleasure in siding with them and blaming me. Pinching me by the ear she said now I was going to really get it. Grabbing my wrist she said "Strip right now! You must be used to this by now!" When I resisted she said "Ok boys help me control this little brat. Why don't you have your friends help too Jake!" Laughing like a pack of monkeys 5 boys descended upon me pulling my pajama pants down. Then to my horror they grabbed my panties next and yanked them down to my knees all while getting good close up looks at my bare pussy and hiney. They pulled my panties off and took them away then went for my shirt. Puling my arms up they wrestled my shirt up my body till it was past my bare boobs. Laughing they held me like that looking me over as I struggled around giving them all another naked tits ass and pussy show. Finishing the job they pulled my shirt off stripping me completely naked and held me with my arms out admiring their work.

Ogling at my nakedness they circled in around me as my mother pulled my arm up behind me, swatted my butt a few quick times then escorted me down the hall to the bathroom saying that eating all that junk food was poison in my body so she was going to cleanse me now. She lead me into the bathroom continuing to swat my now reddening butt then bent me over the edge of the bathtub face down and broke out an enema bag! She had the boys fill it with water as I begged to be let go. Hanging it up she pulling my cheeks apart and showed every one my asshole. She stretched my asshole wide open and stuck the 4" hose nozzle all the way up my butthole to the end. Then she unlatched the clasp and let the water flow. Shamed beyond belief with my plugged butt hole and pussy in plain view for all to see I felt the water flood my insides! I was forced to stay bent over the bath tub completely naked with a hose up my butt right in front of my brother and his friends (who were all smirking and laughing at my naked humiliation) till the entire bag had drained into my butthole. My stomach felt like it was going to explode!

Then once done she clamped the hose shut then unplugged in from the bag and made me get up with the hose sticking out of my asshole like a long tail. Forcing me down the hallway right past the smirking ogling pack of boys she escorted me to the living room making me face the boys assembling on the couch and chairs as if I was on stage and they were the audience. She made me stand there completely naked with my hands up behind my head so they could see my bare pussy and jiggling tits as she swatted my butt telling me to hold it in or she would make me take another bag full. Humiliated I had to stand there bloated clenching my cheeks together on the nozzle super hard as she held me in place swatting away at my butt giving the boys another bare squirming pussy bouncing tit show. I have really big tits for my body size so the perverts were loving it. It was like a never ending nightmare. My hiney felt like it was going to explode!

Finally after 10 more minutes of this torture she let me go and said I could now use the toilet. Humiliated I ran cupping my butt and pussy i

 