Flashing in Bali
by JamesandHaley

Flashing in Bali (part 1)

James and I recently went to Bali for two weeks for a holiday. So to set the scene, James and I packed as many sexy outfits that we could. I had one bra (the one I wore when I got on the plane) and only thongs. I can happily report that I did not wear a bra the whole two weeks we were there.
The whole trip was spent in crop tops, braless and short shorts with my ass hanging out (half the time without panties too). Most of my bikinis were quite revealing with a few being tiny thong bikinis and my big juicy ass was on show a lot. I also had a one piece that kept causing me trouble (the strap kept coming off and I was forever having to cover my boobs as I adjusted the top as I was basically topless).
While it wasn’t their hot season and not that busy, James and I did notice a lot of the Balinese men check out my boobs jiggling away in my low cut tops and my always hard nipples poking through them.  
So our first little adventure was at a well known outdoor bar. It was a warm afternoon around 4pm or so when we arrived for their happy hour. We grabbed a seat in front of the beach and ordered a few cocktails. Those that follow our stories know, I get very horny when tipsy and my inhibitions totally go out the window. That coupled with my exhibitionist tendencies usually leads to some flashing. Three cocktails down and I was reasonably tipsy and horny. I was making out with James totally oblivious to everyone around us.
I was wearing a low cut playsuit, no bra obviously and a tiny lace thong. Shortly before we were going to leave James dared me to take a nipple out. Anyone that’s been to Bali would know how attentive the staff at bars are, always checking up trying to get you to order more drinks or food.
This was a nice bar at a particular 5 star hotel so was busy, especially given it was around 6pm and there were a fair few people there to watch the sunset. There was a particular member of the staff that introduced himself when we got there and brought us our drinks so he kept checking up on us every so often.
In hindsight, it was a bit crazy to flash given the circumstances but with three cocktails in me, I was feeling very sexy and horny and the thought of “accidentally” having a nipple out was very exciting and started getting me wet. I love flashing but what I love the most is the “accidental” flash where someone that gets an eyeful thinks that I’m not aware of my exposure. It’s the best with guys as they usually try to look a few times to make sure that their eyes aren’t playing tricks on them.
I knew that the playsuit I was wearing showed off a lot of cleavage and when I sat down, the front would open up exposing my nipples from certain angles. I’d worn it before out to the club and James commented that when I was sitting, my nipples were exposed for whoever was sitting on either side of me.
I could see James’s eyes openly look at my nipples as we chatted and nibbled on our food. I love when he checks me out, it always makes me feel sexy knowing he wanted me. 
“Take out a nipple and leave it out.”
Without thinking twice, I pulled down my playsuit so that my right nipple popped out and continued sipping my cocktail as if I didn’t know I was exposed. I could feel my nipple rubbing against the front of my playsuit and it just made me realise further that my nipple was out.
“Take it out more babe,” James suggested.
I pulled the front of my playsuit down more so that now most of my right boob was out along with my nipple. I continued to act like I was unaware of my exposure all the while my pussy was getting wetter. I leant over and kissed James passionately, my tongue immediately in his mouth as I was thinking of being on my hands and knees back at our room with his cock inside me taking me hard from behind. I wanted to leave and have him just take me but I was also having a lot of fun “accidentally” exposing myself.
There were staff members moving around getting people drinks and food while others just standing around surveying the crowd to see if anyone needed anything. I wasn’t sure if anyone had caught on to my little game but thinking back on it, I hope there were a few people that got an eyeful of my rock hard nipple and perky boob. I desperately wanted a waiter to come by and ask us if we wanted another drink just so he would see my “accidental exposure”. Part of me was terrified at the thought but I wanted to be seen, I wanted to see their reaction. Would they scan me up and down? Would they look away or would they, as I hoped, openly stare and smile knowing the game I was playing?
Not wanting to miss out on the opportunity, James took out his phone and started recording a video to send to his friend (Jason, we’ve written about him in the past, he’s the male friend that’s joined us to watch and play with us). If our game wasn’t obvious before, it must have been now as I was facing the camera as James was recording away.
“Massage your boobs,” James instructed.
I already felt so naughty being exposed in public not to mention the thought of Jason watching this video and getting hard at the sight, but now to massage by boob right her with everyone around, I felt both extremely turned on and terrified at the same time. As usual though, my exhibitionist desires got the better of me and my right hand started teasingly massaging my right boob, my palm brushed my nipple as I massaged my boob sending shocks of pleasure through me. While not one to get off touching myself during sex, the fact I was doing it at an open bar with people all around was incredibly sexy. I wanted to scan around the bar to see if anyone was watching me but I was too nervous.
“Play with your nipple.”
James wanted me to be even more explicit for the camera which turned me on even more. Having a nipple out is one thing, it’s quite another to massage it in public but to play with your nipple was openly sexual and I loved the thought. I wanted to please James, to get his cock rock hard so when we were back in the hotel, I could engulf it in my mouth and get it all wet to slide into my dripping pussy.
 I started tweaking my nipple with my fingers, then flicking it as my pussy continued to leak and my thong started getting soaked with my juices. I felt incredibly sexy and naughty as I teasingly looked into the camera and played with my nipples. The knowledge that Jason was going to watch the video got me even hornier. I knew he would remember what my hard nipples felt like and I bet would be wishing he could suck on them.
James put his phone away but I left my nipple out and leaned back in my chair and continued with my cocktail. I kissed James again and felt his strong hands trace down my back to my barely covered ass (the playsuit was very short and since I had folded my legs, it had ridden up and part of my ass was hanging out). He firmly squeezed my ass as we kissed and I pussy tingled at the thought of what was to come later that night.
I had downed about three and a half cocktails and I was really feeling it so we decided to head back. James held me as I drunkenly got up from the chair. I can only imagine how much my boobs were jiggling. Before we left, we decided to take a picture at the front of the bar which faced the beach. I stood up and stood facing the sunset as James took a few pictures of me. I was aware that I was showing a lot of cleavage and I hoped to myself that the men around were enjoying the view. I then turned around and hope that they enjoyed the view of my ass hanging out of my short playsuit.
After some more romantic pictures further away from the bar, we headed back to our hotel room. As we walked through the bar towards and the hotel lobby, James didn’t stop caressing my boobs and ass which continued to keep me horny until we got back to our hotel room.


