Dressing Up
by Paladin1188

Wife finds exhibitionism quite exciting.

Gabby stood in the middle of the rented flat's living room. It was bare, except for a table, chair, table filled with a laptop and a camera sat upon a tripod.

She stood wearing a Serving Wench outfit, bought two days ago, on Amazon. White and blue, short frilly skirt and white cotton stockings. A cheeky outfit that men would purchase for Valentine's Day, still a month away, she thought. Her blonde, highlighted hair left loose. She wore no shoes. It had been a request. She stood, in front of the camera that she herself, had set up only three weeks earlier. The live feed was active and she could see herself.

She looked good, positively fucking edible.

The dialogue screen appeared and then the typing started.

He was there.

The man that had turned her from an attractive mum of three and a loving wife, with admittedly a wild child past into a complete exhibitionist slut. Worse, she realised she was doing this for money.

Was she a whore? She hasn't fucked him.

Although she wanted to. Very fucking badly.

She wanted too and she felt absolutely no guilt.

She loved her; strait-laced, faithful and occasionally dull husband but this man, who told her to do things just made her wet. So fucking wet.

In fact, her own cunt was depositing her love juice in a trickle that crept down her leg, as she wore no panties, to soak her perfumed fluids. No bra to hold her breasts.

ROLL DOWN THE STOCKINGS

Gabby felt her stomach tense and her heart rate picked up. Oh fuck, she was looked forward to this all day. Her cunt had already been assaulted, twice that day, with her own fingers and later, her trusty pink Rabbit vibrator. She had cum hard, both times and yet her sex ached for something else, she hungered for sensation. She had surprised her husband, Michael, two nights ago.

In bed, she had leaned over to him and kissed him provocatively and exposed her nakedness to him. She had stroked him, hard, sucked him with her wicked twist and jerk action and then mounted him. She slid down in one fluid motion, as she was so wet already. She had pounded herself with his cock, bouncing on him with a frantic pace. He had held her fast by her arms, as Michael's climax grew. She brought herself off quickly, being already so excited. His semen pumped into her in long spurts. She'd hadn't even thought about a condom.

The memory of that fucking, made her even wetter.She reached down, ensuring that the camera got a great view of her tits as she bent over. Her firm 32C's were unfettered and her nipples were already erect.

She rolled down her right leg slowly and gathered the white cotton tights. Gabby could smell your own cunt's perfume, her cunt clenched involuntarily

She held them up and dropped them in front of her. She repeated her sultry actions with the left leg. She held it up and dropped it. She smiled, as if he was there in the room with her.

LIFT YOUR DRESS

She dropped her hand to the hem of the short, blue hem and started to lift it. She was shivery with anticipation, she wanted him to see her shaved lips. She imagined his hands, lifting the dress.

SLOWLY MY LOVE

She slowed her pulling action. She looked ahead at the camera and smiled. It was a relaxed, genuine smile, she wanted him to see.

SHAKE THOSE BEAUTIFUL TITS OUT OF THE BODICE

Gabby read the typed message and shook her shoulders and the shoulders of the dress fell and exposed her pointed tits out and she shook them for his enjoyment. She felt them tug at her skin and was loving it. She continued to raise the hem and slowly revealed her inner thighs, and then her sex, glistening with your own wetness.

She stood straight up and held the dress open for him to see her. She stepped forward to give him a close of her pussy.

PULL THE DRESS OVER YOUR HEAD

Again she did as he bade her. As she lifted the dress high, her tits were lifted and then dropped again, exposing her rounded cups and straining nipples. She threw the dress down and stood before the camera.

Waiting.

Waiting for him to instruct her.

As he had promised, he would.

As she waited, she couldn't help but remember that night with the girl's Zoom meeting; every month Emma, her oldest friend had been joined by Carrie and Alison for a big night out in the town and their favourite wine bar and a little 'out of line' behaviour. Now with technology, They all met up through Zoom. That night, with too such alcohol, after a dry start to the year and boredom with the lack of movement due to Co vid and the government Lockdown. Gabby's whole outlook had changed.

The four women, each drinking from their own bottle, had entertained themselves with ribald stories, of sex with husbands and partners. and then progressed onto moaning about their lack of a social life. One friend, Emma, ever one to try and encourage outrageous behaviour shared her screen with them all and showed them a video of an American housewife on a free porn web site.

"What the hell is she doing?" Carrie asked, aghast, yet her voice was light and curious.

Emma piped up "She's cleaning the house, in her lingerie and getting paid to do it." The girls all laughed simultaneously "I mean it!" Emma unshared the screen and stood up and stepped back. Gabby, already on the last glass of her bottle was transfixed. Emma stood back and unzipped her black hoodie and threw it off.

She was clad only in a satin basque and matching knickers, complete with stockings and suspenders. Her plump rack looked impressive in the cups of the basque. She,still had one hell of a body. A little rounder now, but still men would give her admiring glances in bars and clubs. Her ex-husband had missed out on those tits and her insatiability in bed.

The women were agog. Emma smiled, she had on much less in her wild-child days on holidays abroad with Emma, they had both fucked their way around the world as cabin crew in their younger days. One memorable holiday had them, wearing out three US marines on a three day layover in Orlando.

That story had never been shared with anyone, especially her husband.

Emma continued.

"Right ladies, off with you. Get into something slinky and I'll send you a post for you to upload a photograph of your sexy selves. The sexiest will get a prize!"

After thirty minutes of dressing, photographing and posting. Emma revealed the winner.

"You are all winners!" Emma announced. "I've posted you all on a Readers Wives web-share!"

"What!" Carrie and the others were too shocked to respond.

"Relax! It's only a bit of fun and it's only on for one week and you all have new one-use g-mails accounts and I want you to check to how many likes you get.

After a few minutes, the group all saw the fun side of Emma's little prank.

Alcohol and poor judgement had led Gabby to leave this until the next evening. After nursing a bit of a hangover, she had surfed her emails and then, accessed the one-use g-mail account and found an alert from 'Nylons on Wives'. Initially, she was shocked and hovered over the post, she was ready to delete. Then, she right clicked and opened the post.

129 Likes and 1 Post

"Fuck me, 129 likes in 24 hours!" She breathed. She was immediately proud of herself and excited that men had viewed her in her white, wedding stockings and suspenders set. She had looked sexy as hell. Her trim figure with perky tits had made it through pregnancy almost unscathed. Her gym regime had kept her trim. Her Kegel exercises kept her muscles tight, and her pussy trained to squeeze her husband's cock when he fucked her.

The Post intrigued her. She waited for a full 38 minutes, before she accessed her Post.

WWW.HTTPS://PORTAL@NYLONS.GLOBALNET

Gabby waited until the kids were in bed and then took herself off to the bedroom, away from prying eyes. The address led to a chatroom of one private user.

NylonLover. The name was just sleazy enough to be playful.

Gabby was excited and wary. The chat was one sided. Gabby wasn't brave enough to answer but within an hour, she had realised that the sender wanted. He wanted more posts of her in lingerie and would pay for them.

The Gmail account pinged and Gabby was startled to see a £50 'tip' had been credited to her Gmail account.

SEND ONE PICTURE OF YOURSELF IN YOUR FAVOURITE

LINGERIE.

It started so innocently but after progressing from one picture to three pictures. Then a video of her hoovering in her black cinch and bra set and £300 sent to her account. It started to become something she anticipated as they also began to chat and share their thoughts about underwear, men, women and of course sexual fantasies. He was both funny and clever. He clearly admired her physique and got a lot of pleasure from looking at her. He pushed Gabby on one or two occasions, as he asked for her to be topless and take the bra off in a series of pictures and then send a video to him.

Gabby was enjoying herself immensely. It wasn't an affair, after all. It was just a bit of fun. The money was useful, she treated herself to new online purchase from Love honey through her Gmail account

Then the stakes were raised, when NylonLover contacted her to go to an address for a longer video session. The address was near, and she had reconnoitred it one afternoon, before meeting her kids from their school.

She was becoming very sexually charged when she would try on the outfits. The variety was pleasurable to explore. Satin, sheer nylon, silk and then a surprising request from NylonLover, to obtain a serving wench outfit and wear to a video session.

Gabby couldn't wait. Gabby reworked her days to make the appointed time and place.

As the day approached, gabby had gotten herself into a sexual frenzy. She now wanted to go further. This whole experience had brought out the exhibitionist in her. She had been fearless, when she was young, stripping off on beaches, college dorms and moving vehicles.

Now, she stood naked and excited. She shivered with desire and she waited for him to type.

WAIT.

WAIT FOR ME.

"Wait?" She breathed "Wait for..." Gabby gasped.

"Fuck!" Gabby realised that NylonLover was near.

Before she could move, the door behind her opened.

"Happy Valentine's Day Darling!" Michael said.

Gabby turned and flung herself at him.
