The Rival Camp
by Humilatron 

“Come on, no one will find out, and it’ll be fun,” Amy said.

“Skinny dipping at our rival’s camp? You can’t be serious,” Becca said.

“It’ll be fun, no one will know, and we’ll leave our marks so they know we were able to trespass without them even noticing,” Amy insisted.

Amy, Sierra, Becca, Monica, and Sarah all had the bright idea to skinny dip in the rival cheerleading squad’s camp. Their summer camps took place basically right next door to each other with them always being big rivals and pranking the other. Amy wanted to make the prank bigger than ever and had suggested the idea.

“I don’t get the idea,” Sierra said. “Why would I want to swim naked at an enemy’s camp?”

Amy looked exhausted trying to convince the other senior cheerleaders to join her in the best prank ever. “Look, do you all want to show up Camp Hammerhead or not? They’ll never see it coming.”

Somehow Amy managed to convince the others to participate. They snuck over to the other campgrounds and jumped the fence to the pool. They looked around to make sure no one was around and peeled their bikinis off leaving them on the side of the pool. “I can’t believe we’re doing this.”

“Woah Becs, didn’t know you trimmed your pubes.”

“Shut up, I didn’t know you stuffed your bras, Sarah.”

Sarah blushed.

The five dove into the deep end of the pool and swam around feeling the cool air on their naked bodies as they swam. As they swam they suddenly heard some rustling, but they thought nothing of it as they continued to giggle and laugh. “Okay, this is actually fun,” Sierra said. “I can’t believe we’re getting away with this.”

“And how are we going to make our marks, anyways?” Monica asked. “Maybe an etching on the poolside?”

The girls bantered off some other ideas but then suddenly there was a booming loud voice. “I have one idea!”

Before they could speak a giant light turned on and they gasped as the cheerleading squad for the Hammerheads stood with bright flashlights all aimed at the naked girls in the pool. “Get out of our pool now!”

The girls gasped as they realized their predicament. “W-wait!” Sierra cried.

“Get out now or we’re calling the cops and having you lot arrested for trespassing!” another girl yelled.

The girls gasped again as they immediately swam for the ledge and climbed up out of the pool, dripping wet as they desperately covered their naked bodies.

“Well well, look at what we have here,” one of the girls spoke.

“I know, they just plopped right into our domain,” another said.

“5 naked Otters,” the final girl said.

The five naked Otters saw the five Hammerhead cheerleaders; Taylor, Jess, Courtney, Britney, and Lauren.

“We should plaster their pictures all over so everyone can see them in their naked glory,” Taylor suggested.

“What a clever little idea,” Jess said.

“No!” the girls shouted.

“Please! Don’t let anyone see us naked! We’re sorry for trespassing. We’ll never do it again,” Monica said.

“Well, there is one way we’ll look the other way,” Taylor said.

“What?!” Sierra sobbed.

“We want all four of you to drop your hands to your sides,” Courtney said.

“Show us your naked glory,” Britney said.

Too humiliated to protest, the girls one by one dropped their hands to their sides. “Interesting,” Courtney said. “Say, one of you looks smaller than you normally do.”

Sarah blushed.

“And some of them are waxed clean,” Britney added.

Becca and Monica blushed.

“Alright, ladies. Here’s the deal,” Taylor said. “You all are going to hike back to camp butt naked. And in the morning you’re going to come back dressed as you are right now. If you don’t, we’ll plaster your pictures all over the internet. Don’t be late.”

The girls nodded as they rushed all the way home desperately covering themselves as they ran. The Hammerheads chuckled as they turned to Amy who had straggled behind. “I can’t believe how well that worked, Amy,” Taylor said.

Amy smirked. “I told you they’d fall for it,” Amy said. “They don’t know my history. They don’t know I used to be a Hammerhead.”

Taylor wrapped her arms around Amy and kissed her. “Mmm… and I just know you love being naked.”

“You know I do babe,” Amy said. “Now did you do what I told you to?”

Taylor smirked. “Trust me. Not a single person will be uninvited tomorrow. Everyone is going to be waiting for the naked little Otters to show off their naked little bodies.”

Amy chuckled.

Amy had been a Hammerhead cheerleader who transferred senior year. It was part of the big plan that Hammerheads had.

None of the others knew where Amy had transferred from because transfers were common for scholarships.

Amy left not wanting the girls to be suspicious and entered her cabin with the biggest smile on her face.

The next morning all five made the walk of shame naked from head to toe to the other camp. Amy was not disappointed as they entered the center of Camp Hammerhead.

All four girls gasped as they immediately moved to cover themselves. There were so many guys! Both football teams had been invited, in fact, the whole senior class from both of their schools had been invited!

The guys were all laughing and pointing, the girls sobbed miserably. “I can’t believe this!”

“Look at the naked otters!”

“Stark naked!”

“Sarah stuffs!”

“Hahaha Sierra dyes her hair!”

“Amy looks good holy shit.”

Amy snickered as the whole crowd cheered. Quietly Amy snuck off while the others remained utterly humiliated.

Taylor immediately kissed Amy as they reunited. “This was so much fun.”

“They’re never going to live that down,” Amy chuckled. “The Otters won’t be pranking the Hammerheads anytime soon.”

“Hahaha,” Taylor said. “You’re right because they won’t dare be caught naked again!”

“That’s not even the best part,” Amy said with a grin.

“What did you do?” Taylor asked.

Amy giggled. “Let’s just say their new uniforms are going to be a bit… breezy,” Amy said with a laugh.

Taylor gasped as Amy pulled out a hidden box that had the girls’ brand new uniforms all of which were nothing but pieces of string. “Oh my…” Taylor said.

“And I got them approved by the school. They don’t even know yet,” Amy said. “They’ll be dancing naked for a whole year for everyone to see.”

“That’s so devious,” Taylor said.

“Come on, let’s go back to the party,” Amy said.

Taylor nodded as they snuck back to the others who were being forced to show off their naked bodies as the crowd pulled their arms apart.

The Otters eventually made their humiliating walk of shame back to camp too embarrassed to speak. The Otters were in for an even bigger surprise as they found their belongings had been taken leaving them with nothing to wear for the rest of camp.
