Ana laid across a giant blue fitness ball, legs kicked out to form a long vee, hair dangling.
Tightly packed in a pair of pearl white yoga pants had to be the most succulent set of buns you had the pleasure of working with since you started your business.
You needed to give her direction into the next set, but you also wanted her to stay put to undress her with your eyes; all you wanted to do was simply kneel down and gently press your face nice and tight into that damp crack and breathe. Perspective did wonders, too. The fat bulge in your shorts lined up perfectly and looked massive atop her slim body.
You couldn't help it and slowly coated the lips with the tongue. Sweat had started to trickle down the indent of her spine, disappearing into the undoubtedly drenched pair of panties; the sets were very rigorous and you enjoyed making her work for that physique. You wondered what color they were, what type, what fabric; really, it always led to wishing: your face, her ass, and being utterly engulfed in its heavenly embrace.
That hesitation allowed her to continue with what she knew and she was on her back. Hands on hips, she lifted a leg to the sky and held it, a clear view of puffy lips. There were no abs or pooch to speak of, just a smooth, glistening belly. You had noticed some weight gain, most of it filling out her bra and some finding its way to her plump booty.
"Let's spread those out, check some flexibility."
"Sure."
With a step in, she smiled at the sudden touch. You took her shoe and leaned in towards her head, then counter clockwise outward until it wrapped around and bent at the knee up onto her chest. Being a personal trainer was almost cheating. You repeated with the other leg, watching her juicy camel toe until laying atop of her, pushing the knee tight.
"I'm really tight today," she said, head draped backwards. "Mierda."
"I can tell. Gotta get you limbered up before next month." You let go and helped her up. "Following the diet plan?"
She tipped over at the waist, cleanly touching her toes and held it. Hair around her face, you took the time to admire the fatness filling out the pants, gazing over the curvature down to her golden ankle bracelet.
"Hmm, well, for the most part--something about ice cream lately, vanilla and rocky road, has me--you know--it's tough."
You chuckle. "I know all about it. Used to be obese."
She flew up, curious as ever. "You? No way. You're--how can I say--very solid, very built," she said tracing you in an outline. "Wow. What a turn around, huh."
"Almost three fifty at my worst. Bad times."
"There's no way. I don't believe you. Any pictures?"
You hauled out your phone and flipped through to an old album and held it up.
"¿Qué? I'm complaining about a few pounds and you did that. My goodness, that is amazing."
"Thank you."
"If you can do that, you can do me, too," she said with a wide smile. "Really great work."
"I like a challenge."
Ana made her way to the treadmill just on the other side of her home gym. You couldn't take it. After two minutes of those chestnut brown waves dancing around and the rhythmic bounce of her fat ass to the sound of the machine, you couldn't take it and found the nearest bathroom.
Up against the counter, you found yourself looking around the marble and up the tile. There was more money put into this room than you made in a year. That just made her even sexier and your shorts tented out above the sink. It hurt. Bad. With a quick glance over to the door, you peeled the shorts over and it made a thud with a soft echo. One hand took it, pulling towards the base, cool air finding the fat purple head.
It felt wrong. The more it felt wrong the harder it became. What a vicious cycle, until it didn't matter, fluids leaking into her expensive sink. Her newly fattened boobs bounced into your mind like they bounced on the treadmill. It should be illegal for her to be that cute.
Hot and plump saggy balls smacked the drawer, fueling the desire more; really, it should be her thighs taking them.
You let go just before the edge of the cliff, ready to shower the mirror, but trying, rather unsuccessfully, to ward off the guilt. Globs rolled down the underside to the counter, desperate for you to grab hold and seal the deal.
The impostor syndrome started to rear its ugly head. You hit goal weight a year ago, years of learned discipline paying off--and, yet--still afraid to approach dimes like Ana. It was unprofessional but you could do it after work --casually. You didn't have to make it weird.
T-shirt raised, you roamed over the rigid abs you worked on daily. Every exercise possible helped to shape the art underneath those clothes. You were a fucking beast now. You curled up the biceps, flexing the result of thousands of reps. You were a trainer of dozens of Hollywood babes and didn't fuck a single one; could possibly be masochistic, but it ensured a fat bank account.
You couldn't just fuck your clients, could you? You wanted to. Ana was single. Ben, Tinder, they've all left for some reason. Was she the problem? Was it even worth getting involved? How was she alone?
You almost put it deep into Anna Kendrick, your lips both pecking one another. You had her pinned after a hard session that led to playful wrestling. It was up against her, begging you to put it where it belonged. But, you let the opportunity fade and she's still a client who pays handsomely.
That's when you hauled it back into your shorts and stepped out. Around the corner, you flinched and Ana bounced off of you.
"Whoa!"
"Shit, are you alright?" You reached out, but she had caught herself on the hallway wall.
"I'm fine!" She smiled, catching her breath. "Oh, you scared me--don't do that!"
"Really sorry. Thought you were still on the treadmill."
"All finished. Needed a shake." She shook it and tipped back the vanilla flavor. "Anything else you wanna add to the workout? I have time."
"We will add in strength training sometime next week. Right now, I think the layout is pretty good. We don't want to over-train."
"Bueno--entendido," she said with a smile. "I'm up for anything you throw at me."
"For sure." You clapped your hands and smiled back. "So, same time next week? Off for the weekend?"
You followed her down the hallway and past the gym, headed towards the front door.
"Are you free this weekend? It's so sudden, I know. We have some promo coming up and I could use more sessions. If not, it's totally fine."
You went right to work and scrolled your agenda on the phone. "Oh, I'm sure I have time. Had a cancellation a couple of hours ago--we should be good."
"That is so sweet. I'll see you tomorrow then."
"Alrighty. Have a good one."
"Adiós," she said slowly, waving you off.

"C'mon, Ana! Get it! Get after it."
Ana growled out, sweat flinging back with her hair. Her eyes clenched shut with grit teeth. You stood below the stair master, watching her legs about to give out on the highest setting. She ran and ran, bouncing her fat ass up and down in the tightest pair of booty shorts you had ever seen.
Through the exposed bits of black fabric, you gawked at the hot pink panties. The thought of being between those soft-honey colored thighs made you weak.
"I can't go any more!"
"One more minute. You got this."
She held on tight, calves on fire. You slowly stroked your aching bulge from the outside, tugging it with your shorts. It took everything you had not to push your face up into her delicious, balmy crease.
"Fuck!" she shouted, whining out.
Beep!
"Alright, time is up. Cooldown."
"¡Dios mío!" Knees buckled and arms wobbled. Ana tried to back down the stairs but lost her balance and you were there, grabbing a handful of butt and taking her wrist. "You got me?"
"I got you. One more step."
Ana sat down against the last stair and breathed heavily towards the ground. She rearranged her hair band, gently patted her face down with a towel and took a swig of water while staring off into space directly at your crotch.
"That was very hard,"--she took another drink--"and a very long time. Too long," she said with a laugh, relaxing her shoulders with a sigh. "I'm selling this thing so you can't torture me anymore."
You smiled at her discomfort that would inevitably turn to positive gains, crossing your arms and cocking your head. "That was one set, Ana."
She sprawled out childishly and groaned. "Oh, come on..."

Up on the treadmill, you decided to join her for the run instead of hiding off in the bathroom; all in all, you didn't want her to suspect a pattern.
It was so hard not to stare at her.
Everything was so bouncy: pony tail, juicy tits, nice round jiggly behind and possibly, for her pleasure, your cock jumping around in your shorts. Ana finally looked up from her book: The Exorcist.
"Hope your girlfriend doesn't mind you working over the weekend," she blurted out, keeping stride.
You looked over to find her smile waiting for you.
"I actually don't have a girlfriend."
"Or wife?"--her eyebrows popped up--"Somebody told me you were taken."
"Nope. Not for a while now. Schedule is all freed up."
"Except for clients," she said, speaking the obvious.
"Exactly." You glanced over, taking her in.
She waved her hand in embarrassment. "I wasn't trying to be so intruding on your private life."
You shook it off and smiled. "It's fine. Absolutely fine."
"So, would you like to have lunch with me then?"
You didn't hesitate. "I would. I am starving."
"Great," she said, slapping the cool down button. "I will freshen up." The track came to a crawl and she grabbed her stuff. "Should I meet you or you wanna pick me up?"
You stepped away from the slowed treadmill and wiped off. "I don't mind coming back to pick you up."
"Fantastic. Just text me."

Every logical, dumb, and irrational thought steam-rolled ahead on your brain tracks with the name Anxiety down the side of it: car temp; clothing; was she coming out casual? It was just lunch. She hadn't been really flirty, but you had been stroking your cock in her bathroom during the sessions. Did you feel bad? No. Was it awkward? Yes. But look at her. Does she know about it? Hope not. You wanted to hit the send button but time--and your mind--froze. Then you hit it.
"brt," you got back.
Your nostrils came in and your whole chest cavity lifted the moment she stepped out of the giant mahogany door. The sun instantly kissed her naked chest, the deep-v exposing her smooth skin and golden cross with a thin chain. Shirt sleeves with ruffles covered her shoulders with cute white flowers lining the tight red dress to her waist, which flared out mid-thigh.
She hopped in with flat footed sandals tied at the ankle, hoops swinging with freshly washed gorgeous hair flowing about. You grew. Fast. She smiled wide, dimples making you tremble in the chest. The seat-belt came over and she planted her shades up over her bangs.
"¡Hola!"
"Hey, hey."
"Been to Geoffrey's before?"
"I don't think I have."
"You will love it--I promise."

Headed down an off-ramp, you merged into traffic. You couldn't place the scent coming from her, but it wasn't doing any favors to conceal the growth between your legs. What a woman. You felt like you had no right to be with her, even for a simple lunch.
"That's a great scent. What is it?"
There was a pause before sliding her arm underneath your nose. You refrained from inhaling hard like a pervert, even though you wanted to; just the thought of opening up and sliding your lips across the silky skin made you lose attention to the road.
"That's real nice."
"It's a vanilla goat milk lotion. I use it everywhere. Head to toe. Love it."
Everywhere. Underneath that dress was nooks and crannies full of vanilla goodness that you wanted to smother your face in. You imagined straddling her butt and applying the lotion yourself, leaving no stone unturned.
"Don't think I didn't notice you," she said, absentmindedly staring off into the sea of vehicles.
"Just a little. I have a few brands I switch around." You stuck out your arm, Ana's little breaths slowly traveling from elbow to wrist.
"I like that very much--just a little? Anywhere else?"
"You know, the spots that matter. Nice coverage."
"I do know--hey, ever thought about tinted windows?"
"Can't say that I have." You looked around and considered how it would add some character.
"Wait, are you saying you don't want to be seen with me?"
"Ay, papi," she flinched, smacking your leg. "You know better than that," she laughed.
"That's abuse."
"You deserve it after the fucking stair master."
"You groan, but it's doing wonders for--shit, I think I passed the exit."
She waved her hand. "Nah, it's fine--it will take forever to turn around. Tell me about these wonders. We can eat later."
"I've seen improvements in all areas."
"Like?"
"Those delts you wanted worked on look great. When you're a bit lean some days, the abs are slightly visible. Thighs are getting stronger; glutes are nice and firm."
Ana shifted to face you, smiling wide. "What are the glutes again? Sorry, papi, I'm new to this."
You switch lanes, ignoring the idiot trying to pass and glance at her. "You're such a liar."
"No hablo inglés," she said with a shrug.
"Oh, no hablo all of the sudden," you chuckle with a nod, looking away.
"Just admit that you stare at my butt every day for the last two months. You can do it."
The blush hit you hard. There was almost too much traffic to concentrate. Luckily a jam put you both to a stop.
"I make progress checks, of course. You pay me very well."
"What's the progress on my ass?"
You breathed in deep, clearly flustered. "Ah--well, toned. More pronounced. More heart-shaped."
Ana stifled a laugh. "I haven't done this many squats in my life, you know. It better be the best ass ever--my pants better be very tight. Are they?"
The conversation was happening quickly. You were either in or out. You didn't know how to respond--you did, but her sweet hazel eyes, round and inviting, just put a dead stop to your vocabulary.
"We're just having fun, papi," she whispered. "You uncomfortable?"
"Nah, I'm good."
"You sure?" Her eyes flicked down and she nodded up at the shorts smashed up against the steering wheel. She tapped the touch screen and dialed down the music to barely a noise.
"Lemme check the progress."
"You're crazy," you popped off, pointing at the dozens of stopped cars. "C'mon now."
"Need me to get it out for you? I will crawl on top of you."
The more she talked, the more you struggled. You cracked a smile in disbelief. She one hundred percent ran you down like a cheetah and her jaws were on the neck.
"You're serious?"
She bit her lip, eyebrows high with a face full of excitement, ready for the reveal.
"No one can see but me, baby."
There was a nod on how absurd this was. You swallowed and bit your lip, eyes closing briefly.
You looked away in slight embarrassment before turning back to her. You didn't have a choice. Disappointing her wasn't an option. Under the wheel, you cupped around the tent, hauling it around to stand upright. Ana's grin got wider, teeth coming into view with a pair of cute dimples underneath her puffy cheeks.
"Ouu. Play with it," she said, casually pointing.
You were in it now. A hand came over the thin shorts, giving her a better idea of what was really underneath once you tightened up the fabric with a few tugs.
"That how it gets when you're staring at me on the stairs? Treadmill? The whole gym?"
"Something like that."
"You touch it when I can't see you?"
You didn't want to answer.
"I touch myself all the time when you're not looking," she whispered. "You don't hide that thing very well."
"That's on purpose."
That quick reveal made her gasp slightly and she cleared her throat. You took the hem, peeling it up and over, exposing the meaty girth and what felt like endless inches after she teased you into a painful hardness. There was instant approval with a big, goofy grin. You popped the seat two notches and stroked top to bottom, spilling the heavy bag out into the open.
"I didn't think you would do it," she said. She unlocked her belt and scooted closer, getting comfortable along the console. "I think I'm in love."
You let go so she could stare at it. Just watching her admire it changed your entire tune. Today would be the day. Ana was the one to break you.
"Your turn."
Without hesitation, Ana's little hand tried to wrap around it. The heaviness tipped it towards your belly and she quickly hiked it back up where the crown was halfway up the horn.
"Might need both hands," she quipped with a tiny laugh.
You attempted to speak and it broke up. After clearing your own throat, you watched her pull it up and down, fluid leaking across her fingers. Ana had brought your inner-bitch to its knees and now you had this angelic creature holding your cock.
"Maybe you should suck it."
She didn't even look up after a command that smooth. Her body slid until she was on her belly. You grabbed her feet and brought them to her backside to keep the attention to a minimum. Once the slurping started and you glanced out at the few cars packed around, you hiked up the dress and found that juicy ass you had been working on for months.
Fingers intertwined into her panties while getting cozy between her warm cheeks. Her little moans made sure a continuous dribble lined her tongue on the way down. One bob too hard sent her glasses to the floorboard; that was the first few trying to cram into her throat. She hit the wall every time, hair bouncing and tickling your lap.
With your free hand, you reached over and hit the paddle to put it into drive. After rolling for a few seconds, you were both back to a stop. Two fingers plugged into her drippy pussy, the other tangled up in her soft hair.
"I just got the tinted windows thing," you mumbled, seeing a semi stop next to her door.
You heard the groan from her stuffed throat and pushed down until her yummy lips struggled with the last inch. Your hand bounced off of her fat buns, squelching in and out of her soaked panties.
Ana slowly revealed your slobber soaked tower, cool air rushing over the head. Eyes glazed over, she fluttered her eyelids and smacked her lips all over the gooey top. Those images seared into your brain. Every time you thought she had had enough, warmth lathered the whole thing. Sealed lips and gooey trips down to your nuts put the spark down deep. You already had this hottie bathing you in spit. You could say anything.
"When you're at home thinking about sucking this big dick, where do I cum, baby?"
"In my mouth,"--she slurped down and back up--"in my mouth, papi."
"Oh, fuck--get ready."
You were buried to the hilt. She succumbed to the trunk's enormous girth at last, touching her lips to the base. You pushed hard into the floorboard, pumping up into her tonsils.
"Ah, god!"
Your voice was weak, fading out the moment you tightened up. So much gurgling; so much enthusiasm in her technique. She undoubtedly loved swallowing huge dicks and all of that experience led to right now.     
Dampened, heavy suction took you long and far, nudging the tip along the walls of her neck. Your mouth dropped, desperate to stay in that beautiful spot in her slippery sleeve. You tried and tried, but let it go. Ropes blew out and instantly smeared along the clinched tunnel. Ana pulled up, but was shoved down with a strong grip. Hard thrusts clapped her cheek with large, aching balls.
You untangled out of her panties, swatting her ass twice, her legs kicking up against the window. Large globs of nut squirted into each other, the thick mass eventually hitting her esophagus and rolling down.
Ana's slobbery retreat came with a throaty, clogged gasp that sent your last explosion dribbling from her puffy bottom lip to the crown. She caught half with a slurp, attacking the head with her tongue and leaving it squeaky clean.
"Is there more in there?" she asked, smooching the head.
"You wanna find out?"
"How close are we to my place?"
You guided her back to it, plugging her mouth.
"Suck it until we get there. I need to turn around."

You squealed around the last corner to her driveway and gunned it up the hilly path to the gate. You clumsily put the code, Ana making it difficult by slathering your neck in lusty kisses. You wrestled up the back of her dress, pulling her tight. Fuck, the warmth drove you crazy. She laughed at the whole ordeal, tugging your hair and pressing your face into her silky cleavage. One hand on your bulbous, leaky spout, the strokes started at the traffic jam and lasted to the front door.
"Where we doing this?"
Ana pursed on your lips and snatched your hair.
"I can't wait--now, right now."
You popped the seat down, Ana gasping in surprise with a giggle. Clumsily, she climbed all over you and laid her back to your chest. The excitement and enthusiasm to have you up inside sent chills top to bottom. You could feel the heat once she moved her panties to the side. Both sandals found the dash.
"Don't wanna dirty up your car."
You went into the dress and squeezed handfuls of her soft boobs. "Too late."
Ana groaned and dropped her weight the moment you plunged deep. One. Two. Three. Each thrust a little more until her body was being lifted while being uncomfortably stuffed.
"Ay, cuidado, cuidado. ¡Ay, papi, tienes una polla grande!" She dropped her hair across your face, latched onto the "oh, shit" handle and wrapped around your head with tight knuckles. She sucked her teeth, moans slowly simmering through the inches until you bottomed out and forced an involuntary squeal. "Unnh--mierda. Esto es enorme."
The bump in her belly grabbed her attention, feeling it with her palm. You reached in, took her fingers and double teamed the wetness between the thighs. It was loud, the car creaking from the sway. Ana's ass was pounded, the sonic barrage from your hips being trapped with the windows up. Her head went limp, moaning incoherent Spanish and shuddering chaotically. You pushed her hand aside, working her over into a stupor that she couldn't stop from happening.
"Gonna cum!"
Ana shifted, her sparkling eyes finding yours. "¡Dentro de mí, dentro mío coño!--ay, fuck. ¡Inglés!" Her moans pushed you over. Her voice. Her fucking voice made you pulse, made you grow. Those sweet, smooth sounds took you to another place outside of time and space. "Inside, baby, please!"
You growled through grit teeth, accidental spit sprinkling her damp bangs. Every pump was your last but you held it; this couldn't end, yet. It couldn't end. All of that warmth smothering your aching head forced you to clinch between the thighs. You wrapped around her and blew your load all over her insides and she knew it, the smile going wide with lifted eyebrows in surprise.
"Cum, cum, cum!"
You shouted, eyes locked with glazed hazel, emptying your fat, saggy nuts. You released the death grip and slumped. She was there, kissing gently on your chin.
"Did you get it all?" she whispered. "Mierda. I haven't came like that in so fucking long..."
"I hope so," you said with a sigh. "Oh, shit."
"Me too, because I have a meeting to go to."
"I should let you go get cleaned up," you said, post nut clarity coming in strong.
She whined. "I don't wanna go."
"Next workout is in--two days?"
"Can it be tomorrow?" she said, sliding over to her seat. "I need more of that."
"I'm booked unless you want me over tomorrow night."
"Shit," she sighed. "Photo shoot." She leaned over and put a kiss across the head. "Save up for me."
Up to you, she bit her lip and put you in a slight trance. "That was worth the wait, but I'm going to want more--you know that, right?"
"You better go before we do it again." You playfully slapped her ass and she leaned in for a kiss.
"Is this alright?" she said with a long smooch.
"It's more than alright."
"You going to text me?"
"Really?"
Every next kiss was just as exquisite. You broke your rule of sleeping with a client, but just look at who it was; look at that smile; look at her trying to keep all that you gave her so that it didn't fall out all over the seats; look at the fun you were going to have with this woman.
"Ciao, amor."
She fell away and grabbed her purse, popping out of the car. She swirled around with a cute wave. You waved back, not wanting to leave.