"Wake up, Jess! Or you're gonna be late." Jess groaned and turned over in her bed, raising the covers to hide her face from what she knew was to come. Right on cue, she heard the door open followed by a rapid onset of footsteps, softened by the owner's slippers. The covers then pulled away in a single tug, revealing Jess in all of her groggy glory, "Honestly, you really need to get up earlier." Her 'mother' groaned and tossed the sheets aside.
"But sleep is good for the skin," Jess mumbled in response, sitting up and rubbing her eyes tiredly. She could feel something warm and slimy against her cheek, but ignored it. She was too sleepy.
"Yeah, but not for your dick. Now come on, get up and empty yourself. If you've got time, come and get breakfast."
"Fine, Halle," The teenage futa groaned, swinging her legs over the edge of her mattress and sighing as her balls smacked against it. Each orb visibly throbbed, her vein riddled skin pulled taut around them. Her pyjama shorts could hardly contain them. As it was, her prick rose like a monolith from the waist band to rest just below eye level. Pre-cum beaded at the tip, eager for the morning ritual to come.
"Honestly, 18 years old and you still can't set an alarm clock," Halle grumbled as she turned to leave. Jess watched her go, staring at her parent's rich derriere. Her cock pulsed, as if in agreement that it was quite a sight to behold. Though Jess doubted she would ever get a piece of it. Her mothers' weren't keen on incest unless it was necessary, such as when a certain futanari was minutes away from missing bus and had a massive hard-on. Not they would ever complain, Jess thought with a teasing grin.
Both of her parents were futanari, making it difficult to discern who she should call mum or dad. Most families didn't have such a problem, as their futa parent was, by default, their dad. Thankfully, Halle, Jess's 'father', insisted that she be called by name when necessary. Her wife, Selina, was simply mum to their daughter. Admittedly, the perk of having two futanari parents was that both were able to help Jess through puberty. Or as best they could, given her daunting endowment.
"Come on," Jess yawned, brushing her dishevelled hair out of her face, "Let's empty you," Her cock once again pulsed in agreement, a small spurt of pre arching through the air to splatter her messy, ash blonde hair. Jess sighed and stood, waddling slightly, due to her cumbersome endowments, to her personal bathroom. Her nostrils flared as she opened to a cornucopia of scents. Faintly, she detected her lavender shampoo and conditioner, but they were sadly overwhelmed compared to the musk of her numerous ejaculations. She couldn't help but chuckle at the memories of what she had done in this room.
Even as Jess pulled down her stretched out shorts, she couldn't help but think of the day to come. Dread seeped into her mind, sullying her arousal slightly. Jess wasn't bullied at school, but she wasn't liked either. Jess somehow managed to fall in the crack between the two sides. She could talk to people, but they barely seemed to remember her name, let alone her face. Not that she could blame them.
By all means, Jess wasn't ugly. But she wasn't memorable either, even with her gently rounded face, small button nose, and lightly pouting lips. She was fairly tall as well, standing at a respectable 5'7'', from which her long legs benefitted, but her breasts suffered. While her cock was truly a sight to behold, her chest was quite simply lacking. At her school most wore bras ranging from DD to F cups, even among the freshmen. While Jess stood out with her measly B cup chest.
The only bright side to her figure was that her waist was thin enough to accentuate the small mounds, if only slightly. Likewise, her hips weren't particularly pronounced, but still offered slight curves compared to her torso. With her figure as it was, her prick stood out all the more. Not that it needed any help, she thought, as she gripped it between both hands, fingers failing to meet around it. Even after years of doing this, Jess could hardly believe the sheer size of her member.
The worries over her less than stellar appearance washed away from her mind, as she began an upstroke. Replaced by the rising tide of her pleasure, as pre- cum actively gushed from her tip to drench her now pumping hands. She cooed softly at the feeling, having grown to appreciate the slimy texture as it slickened her shaft. It wasn't long before her hands began to practically glide along her cock, running the gambit of 16'' as her orgasm neared. Her balls pulsed, veins visibly throbbing. She could feel it; the peak of ecstasy in her turgid prick.
With a wanton moan, Jess raised the head to her mouth and engulfed it in one fell swoop of her lips. Pleasure coursed from her dick throughout her body, before converging on her mind. Her eyes began to lose focus, her tongue fell from her stuffed mouth as it mindlessly wriggled against her cock, and her fingers spread further apart. Jess could feel it; the tightness forming in her gut as her shaft pulsed in need. She froze, wanting to bask in the sensations as long as possible.
"You're gonna be late," her mother, Selina, called from just outside the door. Jess jarred into action. Her hands tightened and jerked powerfully, sending her careening over the edge. Jess felt it as her cum gushed up her oversized cock and forced the head down her throat just as the first wave came. After a whole 8 hours of celibacy, her orgasm was something to be feared, as her parents well knew. That only made Jess all the more eager to drink every drop.
Jess never ceased to amaze herself with how thick her seed became in the mornings. She could feel the flood gushing into her, filling her stomach to, and beyond, its limit. Despite her expertise in gulping down her ejaculate, a thick drop of seed leaked from around her cock, running down her chin slowly. To the unexperienced, that single, trailing drop resembled a line of white dough, so thick one would need to chew it before swallowing.
"Well, you're not gonna need breakfast," Selina sighed from the doorway, watching her daughter ravenously gulping down semen like a cum-starved whore. Jess hardly heard her, as her hands rolled her balls urging them to churn out even more seed. Her mother left with a slight bulge forming in her jeans, leaving Jess to finish her makeshift breakfast in peace and bliss. Of course, such bliss had to end eventually.
The teenage futa yanked her head back with a satisfied, if breathless, gasp. A dazed grin remained plastered to her skin, as her cock oozed the dregs of her orgasm, a single large drop of cum streaming down her shaft to meet her always hungry tongue. Eventually, she sobered enough to remember her mother's warning of truancy and rushed into, and with, her shower. Her clothes were already laid out for her.
Once clean and dressed, she stood in her mirror making certain her appearance was acceptable. Her plain, white tank top hugged her small chest tight without putting her strapless bra on display, while her slight hips actually stretched the band of her skirt. Jess gave a small, disappointed sigh.
"It shrank again," Thankfully, the length hadn't changed much, still keeping her secret mostly hidden. Her near monstrous member curled around her post- orgasm balls, each as large as oranges, both of which were supported by her futanari specific panties. All in all, she found nothing amiss with her appearance, save for her swollen stomach. She smirked as she petted the evidence of her output.
As she came down the stairs, she was met by the sight of her parents eating away at the table. Both wore skimpy outfits, as was common of futanari in their own homes, showing off their model ready bodies to their body conscious daughter. In fact, both had been models not long before Jess was born; quite popular as well. Despite having given up their claim to fame to instead mentor the budding talent several years ago, eager fans continually approached the gorgeous couple. Nonetheless, Jess kept her eyes ahead and walked inside.
"Hi Mum, hi Halle," She said in greeting.
"Now what's wrong with my cooking that you need to drink your own cum?" Selina asked, feigning a hurt expression.
"Well, you do tend to burn anything that isn't pancakes," Halle muttered jokingly, taking a sip of her coffee. Her wife of 20 years glared at her by way of reply, though the lovers soon broke into relaxed chuckles after a minute or so. Jess smiled as she joined them, pouring herself a glass of orange juice.
"Got all your homework done?" Selina questioned her daughter, looking intently at her to discern any hint of a lie.
"Yes."
"Even your algebra?"
"Yes."
"Good," she relented with a satisfied grin and leaned back into her chair. The movement caused her back to involuntarily arch push her hefty bust out, a sight Jess didn't miss. She instantly began comparing her mother's chest to her own, or rather she glared at what she possessed.
Halle quickly noticed this. She stood and wrapped her arms around her daughter, her breasts pressing into the girl's head. Jess's thoughts soon calmed, as she relaxed into the comforting position, despite the added reminder of her own diminutive chest. She hardly remembered a time that Halle wouldn't comfort her like this, resting her child's head between her breasts while her arms cradled her small body.
"You'll grow out eventually, Sweetie. I didn't start getting any curves until I was 19, remember?"
"Yeah, I know. But, I mean... it's kind of embarrassing," Jess said, eying her glass of juice.
"We know, but imagine how we'd feel if everyone knew you had the biggest cock in town? We'd probably be out of work," Selina laughed, her wife joining in; Jess only smiled at the two.
"I doubt it. Besides, I bet the princess' bigger," she rebuffed.
"I doubt it," Halle comforted, mimicking her daughter's phrase, "Why don't you show it off, Honey?"
"You know why, Halle," Selina warned with a glance to silence her wife.
"Oh, right. Sorry, I forgot."
"It's okay," Jess said, a blush creeping onto her face, "I should go, the bus 'll be here any minute," with that, she stood and fled from the room, grabbing her bag and heading out the front door with a hurried 'goodbye'.
"Really, Halle? You know how she gets about that stuff," Selina admonished her wife, who blushed just like her daughter.
"Like I said, I forgot," Halle brushed it off with a shrug. Selina sighed and rose up, pulling her close.
"I think you need to be reminded then, and vigorously," she whispered, earning a laugh even as her hands darted low to cup her wife's balls.
"You're as bad as Jess. Just come out and say you wanna fuck for once," Halle replied, but didn't await confirmation. She swept Selina from her feet and carried her to their room, both of them sporting fair erections. They were certain they could sate their libidos in the hour before work.
Jess stared out of the window of the bus. Her blush had yet to go away, not that her thoughts helped as they constantly ran through the conversation. The scenery passed by as a blur, though she could make out little details; a couple fucking in public, or a mailwoman fidgeting in her van, not that it did much to distract her. Stupid one track mind, she thought bitterly. As if to reply, her mind conjured an image that made her already crimson cheeks darken several shades. Stupid, she practically spat.
The bus bumped along the road. Each time it bobbed or shook, the other girls would make their move, by 'accidentally' kissing or groping someone nearby. Though it was hardly unwelcome, as others began making out heavily, some already moving to blow their partner, or partners. 'A futanari's libido is insatiable' Jess recalled the first words she'd heard in Sex Ed class. Well, she thought as a girl climbed atop a bare bottomed futa, they weren't wrong. She could feel her balls churn with desire. But they would have to wait.
The bus came to another slow stop. Jess recognised her surroundings and knew just who was about to climb aboard. The doors opened and all fell silent. Even those on the edge of orgasm froze to a complete standstill, their eyes locked towards the front of the vehicle. Jess kept her gaze on the outside world, unwilling to join in and stare, no matter how tempting. The bus tilted as the new passenger climbed on. As she came into view, the voice of almost every passenger broke out in a husky chorus of greeting.
"Good morning, Kyodai-hime!" They said in unison. As with every morning, the princess curtsied, meeting each and every gaze. Save for one.
"Good morning, everyone. Please, carry on," she dictated, her voice light, but strong as it rang throughout the bus. A perfect match for someone of her status and beauty. Everyone nodded and resumed their activities, moans filling the vehicle once more as Kyodai walked down the aisle to the free seat near the back. Her knee-length skirt fluttered under a powerful gust from the AC, affording the masses' prying eyes a glance at her panty-clad member. Unsurprisingly, the view seemed to spur many into something of a rut.
Kyodai smiled to those around her. Her soft, supple lips lay glossy and framed by her pristine, platinum blonde hair, while her cobalt blue eyes seemed to glisten with life. Under them, her small nose and flawless, fair complexion completed her visage of beauty. And yet, even that paled in comparison to her figure. Clad in her formal shirt, her braless breasts bounced and swayed with her every step, each orb resembling a volleyball hanging from her chest, so large that one could almost see them when staring at her back. Likewise, her lower body was a sight to behold as her hips matched her shoulders, the sight perfected by the harmony of her trim waist.
And of course, she was an even 6 foot. Her legs, long and shapely, seemed to extend for days, with thighs that rippled with subtle muscle but shook ever so slightly with a soft layer of fat. Not to mention her half-Asian features that seemed to accentuate every aspect of her appearance. Then, simply to complete the image of perfection, her pecker bulged through her clothes, scarcely contained by her underwear. Eventually, the princess too her seat towards the back, sitting alone as none dared to invade her space without permission. Or until their libidos got the best of them.
Despite her best efforts, Jess's eyes were inevitably drawn to the royal teen. Once her gaze had narrowed on the princess, she couldn't look away. Princess Kyodai, or Kyo-hime to those close to her, had her back to Jess, yet she was captivated. She couldn't say for how long she simply gawked at the royal girl, but she knew it had to be for quite some time practically the entire journey as the school loomed nearer. As the bus drew to a final stop, Princess Kyodai chose that moment to take in her surroundings, including behind her. Jess immediately looked away, so as not to be caught, but she swore she caught a glimpse of a grin on the princess's face.
In that moment, questions arose in Jess's mind. A blush creeped in, turning her cheeks beet red, and she once again focused on the outside world. Even so, her thoughts lingered on that passing expression. A faint grin shouldn't have meant anything, and it wouldn't have if it came from anyone else, but this was the princess. Why? Did the royal teen hear something amusing beforehand? Or did she find it funny to catch someone covertly spying on her?
Jess groaned in dismay as the vehicle crawled to a stop. The other girls all wrapped up their sexual antics, semen spraying freely to coat seats, people and the floor. The only two that remained clean were the always pristine princess and Jess. Jess was first to leave, anxious to escape before the tide of cum could reach its conclusion. She walked briskly, eager to be away from the princess lest she make a complete fool of herself.
"Hey, watch out," a voice warned, promptly followed by a hand yanking Jess back a step, a thick rope of jizz missing her face by inches as it arched through the air. She yelped in shock and turned to face her saviour. Her mouth opened out of habit to thank them, but the words caught in her throat. Standing behind her, hand on forearm and face smiling in relief, was the princess. For a moment, not a word was said. The only sounds were the moans of the other girls as the afterglow set in.
"Th-th..." Jess stuttered, before giving up in embarrassment, her face burning ever hotter. She pulled away and all but ran from the vehicle. Kyodai watched her go, a surprised, if bemused expression on her face.
The bell rang just as Jess took her seat. She had spent the past several minutes practically hyperventilating in the bathroom, her heart and mind racing a mile a minute. That simply couldn't have happened. There was no chance that the only daughter of the royal family would so much as say a word to her, let alone save her from being splashed by cum. It was just a good Samaritan who liked the princess, that was all. Jess silently nodded to herself. That was all it was.
Chairs squeaked into position as the teacher walked inside. It was a Tuesday, which made Jess's first lesson Sex Ed. Which, she remembered with a disdained groan, meant they would no doubt ask for volunteers. She had been asked before but she refused, earning herself a demerit and the ire of her teachers repeatedly. They didn't know of her secret; she couldn't exactly trust them with it. The faculty could be as bad as the students they guided at times.
Only amplifying Jess's dismay was her instructor's attire. Dress codes had been removed over a decade ago, now allowing anyone no matter their position to present themselves as they saw fit. Even if that meant a respected teacher coming to work in a full dominatrix outfit, complete with a latex corset, accompanying thigh high boots and underwear with a hole cut in for cocks to hang out. To complete her outfit, the teacher even carried a leather riding crop. Everything on her seemed dipped in oil it was so dark.
Around her, Jess noticed how the other students were already growing aroused at the sight. Her own cock twitched in longing, but she managed to restrain her desires. Years of practice really pay off, she thought with no small amount of relief and pride.
"Okay, okay, settle down everyone. Tammy, stop stroking your dick will you?" The teacher, Mrs. Obsidian dictated. The name fit perfectly, given her obvious affinity towards the colour black. Her bee stung lips looked as though she had painted them in tar, while her hair resembled carefully trimmed strands of oil. The colour suited her as it highlighted her alabaster complexion. Tammy, the student who was ostentatiously masturbating, gave an annoyed groan and stopped. Though she didn't give an inch on her prick.
"Now, before we begin, we have a special student joining our class. She requested to be here, no doubt because of yours truly," The class collectively rolled their eyes at her, Jess included, "Bah, what'd you know? Anyway, she will be with us until she decides otherwise. Please, step inside," Mrs. Obsidian cued and nodded to the hidden person standing at the door. At her cue, Kyodai stepped inside. Everyone in class stood and applauded, some even lowering themselves to wolf whistle as the princess walked in. Looking around, Kyodai couldn't help but notice several erections forming and that one student remained seated.
Jess visibly tensed when the princess walked in. She immediately turned her attention to the outside world and kept her gaze fixed on a flock of birds flying overhead. Even so, she could feel the desire to turn and gawk at Kyodai just like her class was. It almost hurt to resist.  
"Hello everyone. Please, just treat me like a normal classmate. Mrs. Obsidian, that goes for you as well. I'm just a student, so treat me like one, please?" The teacher nodded mutely, silenced by the desire rapidly hardening her cock just like her class. Jess bit back a laugh at her dumbfounded instructor. She glanced towards the front, but regretted it in an instant as her gaze met Kyodai's. Jess shied away instantly, physically shrinking into herself.
Kyodai strode towards the freshly blushing futa. She stopped in front of Gretel, who sat in the seat next to Jess.
"Would it be possible for me to have that seat?" The princess requested. Gretel nodded enthusiastically, as if thrilled by the very idea. Of course, if such a request had come from any other new girl, said girl would have been tackled to the floor with a cock in her mouth for such insolence. But this was the princess. Her wishes, be they small or big, were their commands. Gretel stood and took a different seat towards the back as Kyodai took her seat with a small grin. That must be normal for her, Jess thought.
"Okay then, on with the lesson. Last week we discussed anal and the care to take when 'performing' it, so to speak. So... Stacy, tell us some of the risks please?"
"Um, tearing?"
"Yes, what else?"
"Uh, disease, poor hygiene... bad smell?" People chuckled at the last part.
"Well, yes. That'll do for now. Moving on, has anyone here performed anal before?" Several hands rose, including Kyodai's, "Good, we've got some experienced students. For those who haven't done it before, perhaps a demonstration?" Mrs. Obsidian inquired to a chorus of eager 'yeses', though Jess remained quiet as she kept her head low and away from her right, "Then who would like to volunteer?" Immediately, Kyodai's hands shot in the air like she had received a strong electric shock.
Mrs. Obsidian licked her lips, as did her class. To no one's surprise, she quickly chose the princess.
"Kyodai-hime..."
"Just Kyodai. I'm a student, not a princess," she interrupted, after all, she wasn't there to be a pampered. Otherwise, what purpose was there in coming to a public school?
"O-okay. Kyodai, please come to the front of the class," The princess rose and strode to the front, nearly every pair of eyes following her, "Now then, could we..."
"Sorry, but could I make a request?" Kyodai interrupted again. Any other student would have had a sheepish look about them, but, save for a slight increase in her breathing, she remained as calm and composed as ever. She's pretty eager, Jess thought upon glancing at the princess's face.
"Um, of course. Within reason."
"Can she do the demonstration with me?" The princess requested, pointing to Jess. For a moment, the teen didn't realise she had been chosen, her gaze on a dove as it flew by the window.
"Jess?" Mrs. Obsidian questioned in surprise, echoing the class's sentiments. Jess started, bringing her eyes back into the room, where nearly everyone was looking at her.
"Yes?" Jess responded, unsure of what was happening.
"Oh, that's her name. Yes, I would like Jess to do the demonstration with me," a maelstrom of thoughts circulated Jess's mind at that moment. The princess had said her name, somehow making it sound more refined and sexier than it had any right to be. But then there was the reason, or lack thereof, for it. Why did Kyodai want her to join? Of all the other girls she could've chosen? Jess knew she didn't compare to them. But the most important question for her was; did Jess dare pass up on such an opportunity?
"I'm sorry. Do you mean her?" Jess asked innocently, nodding to the girl in front of her. Kyodai shook her head, eyes only for the unremarkable teen.
"No, you."
"Her?" Jess gestured to her side.
"No."
"Her?" Jess leaned forward, affording a view behind her.
"No."
"Then who?" Jess asked, unable to believe the princess specifically chose her.
"You, Jess," Mrs. Obsidian spoke, a hint of jealousy in her tone, "She wants you to help out. It'd be about time you did too. Now come on, up front. Don't worry," the instructor added, voice softening slightly, "I'll make sure she takes it slow."
Jess's eyes shot about in a panic. This was actually happening, she thought in horror. She didn't have an out. If she said no to the princess, then she'd be labelled a pariah for years to come, assuming she was lucky. There had to be a way out. An illness? No, far too convenient, nobody would buy that. Need to pee? Maybe, but it was an obvious excuse.
As far as Jess could see, there were only two options available to her. The first was to deny the request and/or flee from the class, which would define her an outcast without a doubt, possibly even result in her expulsion. The other was to go through with it, which would reveal her secret. In turn, she doubted her final year of high school would be anything resembling peaceful. On the other hand, she would be able to say she was fucked by the princess. Bragging rights were always tempting.
But was it worth the constant harassment? Her cock gave a throb, as if trying to voice its own opinion. I know you'd probably love the attention, she silently chided her member. Jess looked from one pair of eyes to another, as if pleading for someone, anyone to come to her rescues. But none did. The other girls all stared at her with envious, shocked eyes, no doubt appalled that she was taking so long to accept the offer. Eventually, her body acted for her.
In a blur of movement, she grabbed her bag and ran to the door. Before anyone could say a word, she was down the hall, more than halfway to the bathrooms.