Savannah's Day at Work
byKinkVariety©

Savannah's Day at Work Ch. 01

Today is the day I will get naked in my work cubicle.

My name is Savannah. I am 27 years old, five feet nine inches tall, have long brown hair, green eyes, and a 32C cup. I am in great shape as I regularly exercise. I am very toned and love the olive color of my perfect skin. Overall, I am a pretty normal girl. I like tv/movies, sports, going out with friends, and outdoor activities, but I have a dirty little secret. I love to be naked in places where I might get caught.

What helps me in doing this is that I don't wear bras or panties; I don't own a single one of either. I have been doing this since I was 18 and a guy I dated asked me to not wear them when with him. One day he had me burn them all and I never bought one more pair, but that is a story about my submissive side for another time. I loved the feeling so I still do it to this day. Because of this it's easy for me to just cover up when on my adventures by throwing my dress or coat (if that's all I'm wearing, which is often) back on. I am always 100% nude at home as well, another thing my ex asked of me that I liked. The second I walk in my door I strip completely. If I need to go out just to run errands all I'll wear is a short trench coat and sandals or heels, sometimes I'll even skip the shoes and wear nothing but a coat. I don't even wear jewelry. I would say most of the time I am only wearing two articles of clothing, a dress and shoes. Sometimes I'm wearing three, sometimes just one, and sometimes I walk around my neighborhood late at night without a stitch. I love being naked, especially outside.

I also always have a butt plug in. I love the feeling of them in my ass throughout the day. I typically have a Njoy medium plug in, but sometimes I'll do a bejeweled plug when I know I'm going to be showing it off.

Today is a beautifully warm Friday morning. After waking up, taking my small Njoy plug out of my ass, and tasting it (a daily ritual as I love the taste of my ass), I get in the shower and make sure to shave myself good. I want to feel as naked as possible today. After my shower I find the perfect outfit for today, a very light (almost see-through) blue and white sun dress that is very short on me (it only goes to about 3 inches below my ass) and black patent leather heels. Before putting it on I get out my big Njoy 2.0 plug as I want to feel very full today. I lube up my ass and stick it in with just a little bit of resistance. After that I step into the heels. There's just something so sexy about a girl wearing nothing but heels. I look in my full length mirror and admire my body; I have worked very hard for it. I throw my dress on and take one last look. Today is the day.

I live just under a mile away from my office, so I walk to work when the weather permits. Today is a beautiful Friday July morning and I can't wait for today's walk. I love walking in the morning rush knowing that I am not wearing a bra or panties and have a big plug in my ass. Being among the commuters with this dirty little secret gets me very turned on - sometimes so much so that by the time I get in the elevator at my office building all it takes is a little rub of myself to get off.

A few weeks ago as I got in the elevator and pressed my floor I immediately stuck my hand under my skirt and began to rub myself. As I was beginning to cum and the door was closing someone stuck their hand in to open the elevator. As the door opened it hit me. He looked me in the eyes and said "good morning." It took all I had to not scream in pleasure. As our eyes were locked I was trying not to shake, but could not really help it. If he didn't know what was going on he was an idiot. I trembled for a few seconds, let out the tiniest moan, and then gave my own good morning greeting. He stood there for a few seconds looking at me then realized he should have chosen his floor. After doing so the door closed and we rode up in silence. As I got off on the 20th floor I quickly glanced at him, but didn't say a word. The door closed behind me. That was one of the best orgasms I have ever had.

Back to today. I am walking to work and loving the feeling of this big plug in my ass. I pretend to have something on my foot and go over to a bench. I put my right foot up on it and pretend to be removing something. I also make sure to bend over a bit and hope that someone got a quick glance of my lack of panties and the plug in my ass. The thought of this gets me so close to cumming right on the spot, but I get set and continue my walk without my orgasm. I want to burst later. As I walk into my office building and press the elevator button I hope to see the guy from last time, but he is not there. I haven't seen him since. Oh well.

I get off on my floor, walk into my office and go to my cube. I am in a great spot. I am in a part of the office where there are not many people due to this area just being built. There are empty cubes around me and I know they will be filled eventually, which makes me sad, but also excited at future possibilities. My section only has two cubes. Brooke sits in the cube in front of me. She is very pretty in an All-American/Girl Next Door kind of way. She has soft features, long straight blonde hair to her shoulders, blue eyes, is a little shorter than me, very skinny, and wears artsy/hipster black glasses. She has smaller breasts than me, but they look perfect on her thin frame. With her in front of me and the wall behind me, I am kind of secluded.

In front of Brooke's cube is a walkway then another row of cubes that has only one person down the way, a married guy named Mike. He is such a pervy guy that always comes over to talk to me and Brooke, but I enjoy the attention. I like when he is pretending to be on his phone near us and know he is taking pictures of me. Sometimes I'll wear loose dresses or shirts and lean down to let him get good shots of my tits. I'll also cross my legs by putting my foot on my knee, which lets my dresses or skirts ride up high and will swivel toward him. I know he has seen up my skirt a few times and has snapped a few pictures.

Mike is out on vacation this week, leaving just me and Brooke on our side of the office and this is why it is the perfect opportunity to get naked and masturbate while in my cube. Brooke knows all of my dirty little secrets and encourages me to do whatever makes me feel good. She started a couple of weeks after me. After our first Friday at work together I asked if she would like to grab a drink after work to get to know each other better. We talked about the basic stuff. She is single as well, enjoys reading, outdoor activities, and travelling.

During our chat I accidentally blurted out "how often are you having sex?" I didn't mean to and she looked a little shocked.

After a few seconds she laughed. She said "it's been a while, but I'm trying to get back into the dating scene.

I doubt she's trying too hard as she is a fox, she would have no shortage of guys throwing their hats in the ring. This opened the door.

After a few more drinks and talking about other things she asked me why I didn't have a boyfriend. I told her she wouldn't understand.

She said "try me," so I asked her if she knew what a submissive was. She asked "like dom/sub?"

I say yes and she just looks at me. I tell her I am a very submissive girl and love to be controlled, but it's hard to find the right guy. There are so many guys that think this is ideal, but I want a true dom/sub relationship. My last one with Charlie ended when I found out he was cheating on me. I was so heartbroken that I had literally given myself to someone to control and that was not enough. His loss. I explained to her that he had full control over me. He decided what I would wear and what I wouldn't, what we would do in the bedroom or out of it, anything. I was his to use. I told her about how I still do some of the things he liked like never wearing bras or panties and always being naked at home.

She seemed a little shocked and asked me if I wasn't wearing them just then. I smiled, told her to look, and lifted my skirt and spread my legs while sitting to give her a view of my perfectly shaved pussy. I asked if I could tell her another secret and she just nodded. There was no one really near us in the bar so I stood up, turned around, lifted up the back of my dress, and bent over a little.

I looked back at her while turned around and she looked at me and asked "is that a butt plug?"

I turned around and sat down. I told her yes and that I love the feeling of them.

She then puts it together and asked "you've had that in all day?"

I say yes, I always have one in. From that point on I would tell her about all of my adventures. She always enjoyed them and told me it was great that I did what I wanted.

Anyways, I'm sitting at my desk checking e-mails when Brooke walks in.

"Hi," she says.

I give her a devilish smile and say "hi" back. She asks why the smile and I tell her today is the day we talked about - THE day.

She looks at me and says "are you sure?"

I tell her 100% yes. We talk about logistics, timing, etc and I say from 12-1 no one will be around as everyone goes out to lunch so that's the time.

She says "I'll get the camera ready!" in a joking way and I think wow, I want that.

"Sounds perfect," I say.

"Oh my god, I was kidding," says Kelly. I tell her I am not, I want pictures and videos of this - I want to remember it forever. She laughs and says "ok, whatever you want girl."

After chatting about it for a few we start to work - calls, emails, etc. I was very distracted, but managed to get to lunch time without exploding. I tell Brooke we should wait until 12:05 to give people a few minutes to leave. 

As 12:05 hits I walk around to the other side of the office and see two people who always eat at their desks and never leave, but they are way across the office. As I round the corner back to our cube area where no one is except Brooke at the back I pull off the straps of my dress and let it fall to the floor. I step out of it and pick it up. I then step out of my heels. I pick up my dress and heels and put them in the drawer of the first cube near the corner. I am 100% completely and totally naked, no jewelry, nothing except the big plug in my ass. I start walking back and notice Brooke looking at me with her mouth open.

When I get to her she asks "what are you doing?!?"

I tell her I wanted to take full advantage of this and walk naked in the office, masturbate at my desk, and have no quick access to my clothes. I needed this extra risk. Up until now she has never seen me fully naked, just what I showed her at the bar a few weeks ago. She looks me up and down and I can tell she is a little excited.

I sit down in my chair. It feels very weird to be sitting in it naked, but a very good weird. I give Brooke my phone and tell her to take a few pictures. I put both of my feet up on my chair and spread my legs to give Brooke a complete view of my shaved pussy. I start by just smiling, then putting my arms up in the air, then standing up, turning around and bending over. I want pictures of all different kinds of poses. I then tell her to switch to video and record the rest.

She says "Action," like a director and we both giggle.

I start rubbing myself very slowly, then faster while looking directly at Brooke and then the camera. "I love being a naughty slut in public and being naked at work with a plug in my ass," I say to the phone.

I get up and walk down to the corner with the cube holding my clothes and walk back naked. I just wanted to walk naked again. I sit back down and put my feet on the edge of my desk, spread eagle facing the camera and continue rubbing myself. As the sensation starts to build I pull out my plug and stick it in my mouth so I can taste my ass while masturbating. I notice Brooke's left hand is hidden behind my cube wall and moving back and forth. She is rubbing herself too, and this makes me even hotter. I stand up to look and she has her skirt bunch around her waist.

"I am so glad I didn't wear panties today either," she says as we look each other in the eyes rubbing ourselves.

I sit back down with my feet on my desk, knees bent and continue, while looking directly at the camera, plug in mouth, and I feel it coming. I go faster and faster until I can't take it anymore. My orgasm washes over my entire body. I am a trembling, moaning, sweaty mess getting off with a plug in my mouth, sitting in my cube as naked as the day I was born, with no access to my clothes, and Brooke masturbating right in front of me while filming me. Fuck, it was hot.

As I was coming down I heard Brooke close to orgasm so I stand up and grab my phone from her. I point it at her and start to record her masturbating. She gives no objection and uses her free hand to insert two fingers while furiously rubbing her clit. Once her orgasm hits she collapses onto her chair and is breathing very heavy. 

When done, we just sit there for a few seconds and say "wow" together. We sit up and look at each other without saying anything for a few seconds then both start laughing. It is 12:30.

"You better not show that to anyone," she says.

"We'll see," I say mischievously.

We talk about how hot that was for a few minutes. Come 12:40 I say I better get dressed before everyone comes back. I stand up and reinsert my plug. I start to walk toward my dress and heels and hear people on the other side of the office.

"Oh no, they must be back already" I say.

Brooke looks at me worried and asks "what do we do?"

I go back to my chair and sit down naked. I see someone come out from the other side, but then stop by the printer. He stands there for a few seconds and looks down our way. I don't think he noticed anything as only my head is visible to him. He walks away.

Brooke offers to go get my dress and heels, but I say no, I need to do this. Nervous as all hell I get up and start walking down the aisle toward my clothes. I reach the desk and wait for a second. I don't hear anyone near so I grab my stuff and start walking fast toward my desk. I then hear someone again so I start to jog back. When I get back to my desk I set down my heels and step into them. I go to put on my dress and I don't see it! In the dash I must have dropped it. I stand up wearing nothing but heels and see my dress right in the walkway, visible to anyone that looks around the corner.

My work phone rings. It is a call I absolutely cannot miss so I answer it. It is a fire call I have to put out and I spend 10 nerve-racking minutes looking around while talking. I notice that Brooke has my cell phone and is snapping some pictures and video so I back up my chair from my desk so she gets the whole view. I then take out my plug and lick it while talking on the phone. I put the plug back in as the call winds down and hang up.

As I hang up I feel the urge again and bring myself off in a minute. Brooke got it on video again. As I'm winding down I notice someone coming around the corner towards us. It is Dan, a guy that I say hi to once in a while. I know I am screwed and start getting very nervous. As he starts toward us he looks down quizzically at my dress in the walkway. He stands there for a few seconds and bends down to pick it up. He then starts walking toward us. I have no idea what I am going to say. As he nears us I know that he can now see that I am naked.

He looks at me for a few seconds and says "You seemed like you were a naughty girl, but I did not imagine this." As he says this, my hand finds its way to my pussy and I bring myself off again while Dan and Brooke both watch me.


Savannah's Day at Work Ch. 02

If you read chapter 1 you will know that after masturbating at my desk at work while naked with a plug in my ass while my co-worker, Brooke, filmed me, I have just been busted by my co-worker Dan.

After coming down off my orgasm I sheepishly smile at Dan and ask him if I can have my dress back. I know I should be embarrassed, but I am not.

"That depends," he says. "How important is it to you?" he asks.

"Well I can't work like this the rest of the day" I tell Dan.

He looks as Brooke and asks her if she's supporting this.

Brooke says "of course, Savannah can do whatever she wants that makes her feel good and I will support her no matter what. I may even have gotten a little carried away myself."

Dan says "damn, I wish I had seen this." I think he has a huge crush on Brooke. 

"Well, since you like being naked at work, maybe you should stay that way the rest of the day," says Dan.

My heart is beating so fast. I get kind of nervous, but the thought of staying naked at work is getting me super wet again.

He says "I will give you your dress back at the end of the day, but you have to give me your heels as well."

I think about it for a second and oblige. I know this is super risky, but the thought of staying naked, without access to any of my clothes, at work, for longer makes me super horny. As I give him my heels I realize this is it, I do not have a stitch with me. If anyone else comes over later I am busted.

He asks "you don't have anything else to put on?" I tell him no, all I have is this big plug in my ass. I stand up, turn around, and show him. He smiles and says "wow, you really are something else!" "Where are your bra and panties," he asks so I tell him I don't wear those anymore. "Ever," he asks. I tell him no, and that I don't even own any either. He says "Ok, I will be back shortly after 5 and we'll see where this goes." I don't say a word and just nod my head. He walks away and looks back as he rounds the corner.

"You are crazy," Brooke says. "What are you going to do if someone comes over here?"

I tell her I will just hide. I hand her my phone and tell her to take videos and pictures for the rest of the day. I put my feet up on my chair and start rubbing myself again. After a minute I have a very intense orgasm while thinking about how my clothes are gone at the other side of the office. I am as naked as the day I was born at work and I have 4 hours to go!

I cannot concentrate so I keep teasing myself and walking down the aisle to the corner and back. I might as well get as much out of this as I can. Brooke dares me to crawl on all fours down to the corner so I oblige. After a bit of playing around I have an idea.

"Hey Brooke, truth or dare?"

She looks at me for a second and says "truth."

"Tell me how much you are enjoying this."

She says "to be honest it is making me quite horny." "My turn," she says. "Truth or dare?"

"Dare obviously," I state.

"I dare you to take out your plug, crawl to the end of the hall, leave it there in the middle of the floor, and crawl back."

I didn't think she had it in her! I take it out and lick it. I leave it in my mouth and start my journey. When I get to the end of the hall I set my plug down and start to crawl back. I get so horny that I stop, sit on my butt facing Brooke back by our desks and start masturbating. I can see her filming me and I get off in under a minute. Once I finish I start crawling back. When I reach my desk I get up and sit in my chair.

"You are nuts," she says.

"Truth or dare," I ask her. She picks truth. "Come on, be more fun!" I tell her.

"Ok, fine, dare," she says in a very worrisome manner.

"I dare you to go get my plug." She gets up and starts to walk towards it when I say "naked." She turns around and looks at me like I'm crazy.

"No way," she exclaims. "I cannot do that."

I give her a pouty look and say "fine, ruin our game."

She looks around for a few seconds and says "how about I just take my skirt off?"

I smile and say ok. She looks around and drops her skirt to the floor. She is now in only her heels, a bra, and her tank top. She starts walking fast toward my plug, picks it up, and starts walking back. She surprises me when halfway she puts it in her mouth! When she gets back I am looking at her.

"You made it look so tasty so I had to try," she says.

She hands me the plug and puts her skirt back on. She has now tasted my ass; I wonder what else she will get to taste soon while I reinsert the plug. We just sit and talk for a bit. I take a few calls and do a little work, almost forgetting I am completely nude. Right before 5 I start to get excited. I wonder what Dan will do. 5:06 strikes and I see Dan come around the corner, but I don't see him holding anything.

When he gets to us I ask him "where are my clothes?"

He states "you won't be needing those the rest of today." I almost came on the spot. I ask him what he means and he says "I threw them away in the break room and the garbage was emptied. You are going to be nude the rest of the day."

I have no idea what to say. The first thought is about how much I loved those heels, but then I realize I have nothing to get home in! My nearest clothes are almost a mile away at home.

I tell him I need something to go outside in and to get home and he says "I can give you a ride; we just have to get to my truck."

The garage is in the basement. We have to go out into the hall, get into the elevator or take the stairs and hope no one sees us the whole way. I get very worried that I am going to get caught. I tell them we cannot leave now; there are too many people in the building. We have to kill at least an hour, but leave before the cleaning crew comes.

He says "we can find something to do" with a grin.

I look at Brooke and say "truth or dare?"

She smiles and says "dare."

"I dare you to take your bra off so you are not wearing a bra or panties."

She reaches back, unhooks her strapless bra, takes it off and sets it in her purse. She looks at Dan and smiles. I can see he loves this.

Brooke looks at me and I instantly say "dare!"

"I dare you to kiss Dan."

I look at Brooke, then Dan, and say "well, how about it?"

He leans in and we start making out. He is a great kisser! I feel his tongue, his hand on the back of my neck, and it feels amazing. When done he plants a soft kiss on my neck and it drives me crazy. I see Brooke's hand come out from under her skirt when we finish.

Dan looks at me and says "I dare you to kiss Brooke."

Brooke looks very surprised, but also happy. I walk out of my cube and into hers, and stand right in front of her. I grab the base of her shirt and start lifting. She immediately lifts her arms up and I take it off. I lean in and start to kiss her. As we are kissing I reach down to her skirt and start pulling down. She stops me at first, but I keep trying and she lets me pull it down. She steps out of it and is left in nothing but her black heels. We make out for a good two minutes while grabbing each other's breasts and caressing each other's bodies. When done I step back and see her with her eyes closed.

She opens them and looks right in my eyes. "Wow," she whispers. "I didn't know I'd like that so much."

I look over at Dan and see he has his dick out of his pants and is stroking himself. He has a huge one! It must be 9 inches long. Without even thinking I bend down in front of him and start licking his dick. After a minute of teasing I insert it into my mouth and start sucking back and forth while looking up at him. I can see he is looking at Brooke so I turn around to see she is in her chair masturbating.

After a few minutes I turn around and crawl towards Brooke. I look her right in the eyes and she nods. I lean in and start kissing her knees, then her legs. I spread her legs for her and start kissing the insides of them. After a minute I start kissing around her pussy, and then give it the first lick. She jumps. I continue licking her while she is caressing herself. As I hear her start to moan louder and louder I stop. She opens her eyes and stares at me.

"Why did you stop, I was close!"

"I know, we'll get there."

I tell Dan to get behind me. He gets on his knees and starts to insert himself into me. Once I feel his stomach against my ass I feel so full! It feels amazing. I start rocking back and forth and continue to lick Brooke. God this would be a sight for anyone that came over here – Dan fucking me while I lick Brooke's pussy.

After a few minutes I take my plug out and put it into Brooke's mouth. She happily accepts. I look back at Dan and he knows what to do. He pulls out and puts his dick at the entrance of my ass. I lean back and he starts pushing. We go slowly for a minute, but I eventually feel him get all the way in. We stay in this position for a while and I continue to tease Brooke, not letting her cum.

After about 5 minutes Dan says he is going to cum. I tell him I want it all over my face, but first want to suck him. He gets up and I turn around, staying on my knees. He stands above me and starts to stroke himself. I put him in my mouth for a minute and clean myself off of him. He pulls back and I feel the first bit hit my cheek. I then feel a long rope going from the top of my forehead down to my chin, then another on the other side of my face. He lets out what feels like 10 huge ropes all over my face. I know my face is completely covered. I can also tell he got a lot in my hair as well, which I don't mind. When he finishes he looks down and admires his work. He gets out his phone and takes a few pictures. I smile for him and do some poses. I also get my plug back and put it in my mouth for some pictures.

I notice Brooke recording me and tell her to snap some pictures of my cum-covered face. She says we should get cleaned up and go.

I say, "as long as we're getting crazy, I am leaving this cum on my face the rest of the night."

I love the feeling of cum on my face, and leaving it on while completely nude in my office excites me. I am really going for it here!

I ask Dan "how are we getting to your car?"

He says "well the elevator is too dangerous; we can take the stairs down to the garage. It's 20 stories, but going down should be easy, and one will be in there."

I look at Brooke and see her putting her skirt and shirt into her purse.

She looks up and says, "What! I can't let you be the only one having fun!"

She leaves only her heels on. I stand up, reinsert my plug, and say "ok, ready to go!"

Dan is going to be taking us two very naked ladies (one with cum all over her face and hair) down 20 flights of stairs, into the garage, then into his car. After that, I have no idea.


Savannah's Day at Work Ch. 03

If you have not done so please go back and read chapters 1 and 2. I have just finished having sex in my cube and am getting ready to leave the office.

During all of this I didn't even think about the fact that there might be someone here working later than normal. I walk down the walkway to the corner and peek around it to check. I don't see anyone in the office. I wave Dan and Brooke over. I see them coming. Dan is fully dressed and Brooke is wearing nothing but her heels and carrying her big purse. As they near I say "I want to walk around the entire office, and then get off on Kelly's desk."

Kelly is the Vice President of our division and is away for a conference, returning Monday. She can be kind of a bitch, but she is gorgeous. I can tell she takes care of herself and has a rocking body. If she wasn't as hot as she is people would hate her a lot more. I want to sit on her desk and masturbate so that every time I walk by or go in there I will think of it.

Walking through the entire office completely nude with cum all over my face and hair, and a plug in my ass feels amazing. I reach Kelly's corner office and walk in with Dan and Brooke right behind me. I get up on Kelly's desk and sit on it with my legs spread, facing out to where Dan and Brooke stand near the door. Brooke starts filming and I start teasing my clit. I continue rubbing myself for a few minutes and then use my other hand to stick two fingers inside while simultaneously rubbing. I look at Dan and Brooke, then stare into the camera. While looking into it I let out a loud moan and have what seems like my 8th orgasm of the day.

As I'm coming down from my orgasm Dan says "get up on that desk with her Brooke."

Brooke, still wearing nothing but her black heels climbs up on the desk with me while Dan continues to film us. She instantly starts kissing me. I lay down and she climbs on top of me. While we are kissing I see Dan take off his pants and get behind Brooke. Brooke pulls away from me and looks back over her shoulder at Dan and nods. She turns back to me and is looking me straight in the eyes. By her facial expressions I can tell Dan is entering her. After a few seconds her body starts rocking and she starts kissing my breasts. She then moves up my body, kissing it the whole way until she reaches my ear. She nibbles on my ear then starts tonguing it while moaning from Dan being inside of her.

She pulls away from my ear and continues to kiss me while being fucked by Dan. "I am going to fuck your ass now Brooke," he states.

"Please go slow, I have only done it once before and it really hurt," says Brooke.

"Don't worry, I will. Just tell me if I need to stop."

With Brooke looking at me I can tell she is uncomfortable at first. "I'm going to stay right here for a minute so you can get used to it," Dan states.

Brooke just nods her head. After a minute she says "keep going," wincing in pain.

After another minute Dan says "alright, I am fully in, how does it feel?"

"Surprisingly ok now."

Brooke starts rocking back and forth slowly. After a minute of getting used to the feeling she starts screaming loudly. "Fuck me! Faster and harder!" I see Dan thrusting behind her at a very fast pace. After a few minutes Dan says he is going to cum. "Please cum in my ass," Brooke tells him. As he is cumming Brooke looks at me and says "wow, I can feel his cum coating the inside of my ass. It is amazing."

"Wow, that was spectacular," Dan says. "You girls are something else. We really should get out of here. The cleaning crew will be here any minute."

Dan pulls away and starts getting dressed. Brooke says to me "I would really like to keep this cum in my ass. Can I use your plug?"

"Wow, I didn't know you were this kinky," I tell her.

"You bring it out of me. I never thought I would be doing anything like this, but seeing you masturbate at your desk earlier got me very riled up."

"Alright, have you ever used one?" I ask.

"No," she states, "but I'm sure I'll enjoy it."

I take out my plug and lick it all around, cleaning it off. I hand it to her. She doesn't take it and asks "will you put it in for me?"

"Sure baby," I say. "Turn around."

Brooke stays on the desk and turns around. She is now in a sixty nine position on top of me. I hear Dan take a few pictures. I see her freshly fucked ass and start inserting the plug. I go slow at first and can tell it hurts her a little so I stop.

"Keep going, it's a good pain," Brooke says.

I continue pushing slowly until the thickest part is inside of her and she sucks the rest in. When fully inserted she gets off the desk and stands up. She helps me up. Dan is ready to go and we leave Kelly's office. I am going to think of tonight every time I look at this office.

"Let's hurry up and take the stairs down," says Dan. "We will probably not run into anyone there."

"Hold on a minute, I'll be right back," says Brooke, carrying her purse.

She walks towards our cubes and rounds the corner. After a minute I see her coming back around the corner. She no longer has her purse. As she gets closer I notice she doesn't have her heels on anymore, either.

"I wanted to be completely naked like you," she says. "I even took off my earrings and rings and left everything in my desk drawer."

Here we are. Two fully nude girls in our office, both freshly fucked. Brooke has cum in her ass and my plug holding it in and my face and hair are still completely covered by Dan's cum.

"Ok, we're really pushing it. We need to go now," Dan states.

As we are heading to the door, we hear the door on the far side of the office close. Oh shit, we are busted, I think. Dan grabs us and we rush to the door on our side of the office. Right as we push it open and go through I see a member of the cleaning team look at us. He probably caught my backside, but I hope he saw more.

We get out into the hallway and are right by the stairwell door. We enter it and start rushing down. After about 5 stories Brooke says "I feel like I'm missing something." She goes up to Dan and undoes his zipper.

"What are you doing," he asks her.

"I want my face to look like Savannah's. Can you help me out with that," asks Brooke.

"Sure, but we have to hurry up or we'll get caught."

Brooke pulls Dan's dick out of his pants, kneels down in front of him, and starts sucking him very fast. After two minutes he tells her he is going to cum. Brooke pulls back and looks up at him. I watch as he cums on her face and hair. I have no idea how he has any left in him, but he gets a noticeable amount out. After he's finished Brooke looks at me and smiles. "Now we match," she states. She looks so beautiful covered in cum.

"Ok, let's get to the car," I tell them.

We start back down the stairs. Without stopping again it only takes us a minute to reach the bottom. I forgot the door to the garage is across the hall from the stairwell door, so we are going to have to run across a hall to get into the garage. Dan opens the door and peeks his head out. "Coast is clear," he says.

He pushes the door open and we all go through it. As I'm crossing the hall I look out toward the lobby and see a few people, but their backs are to us. If only they knew to turn around. We reach the garage door and enter it.

"I forgot my car is on the other side, sorry," says Dan.

Shit, we're going to have to cross this garage completely naked. Oh well, it will be exciting, I think. As we walk I feel how cold the cement is on my bare feet. Dan and Brooke start to jog, but I continue to walk. I want to enjoy this. They reach his SUV and turn around to see me taking my time, completely nude, covered in cum, and walking through the garage slowly.

As I reach them we all get in, me and Brooke in the back.

"Where to ladies," Dan asks.

"Let's go get Brooke her own butt plug so I can have mine back."


Savannah's Day at Work Ch. 04

"Where are we going to get the butt plug," Dan asks us.

"There's a sex shop about 10 minutes away. Put it in your GPS," I tell Dan. He smiles, "of course you would know that."

It feels surreal to be in a car driving around the city naked with cum all over me, with my co-worker also covered in cum, on the way to go get a butt plug, and neither us with access so a single stitch of clothing.

Dan asks us "So which plug am I getting?"

"I don't know," I say, I'll pick something out.

"Are you forgetting you are naked and covered in my cum," Dan asks. "You can't go in there."

"Why not," I state. "I'm sure some guy working in a sex shop isn't going to mind two naked girls covered in cum walking into the store."

"I don't think I can do that," Brooke says. "It's one thing where there's a chance of getting caught, but to know someone will see me like this for sure, that makes me nervous."

"Look at you," I tell her. "You are 100% nude, covered in cum, riding around the city. You said you wanted us to match. I need a butt plug in my ass ASAP and you need to keep one in so Dan's cum stays inside you."

"I know, but I'm so nervous. What if we get in trouble," asks Brooke. "What will we say?"

"We will be fine," I tell her. "I'm sure a guy that works at a place like that is either super pervy or super open to anything. He will not get us in trouble."

"What about other people in the store," she asks.

"Same thing. They're there because they are kinky. I'm sure they won't mind. Plus, maybe no one will be there," I tell her.

She looks at me while contemplating it for a few seconds. "Ok, let's do it," she says. If we get arrested, I'm killing you."

After a few minutes we pull into the parking lot for the store. There is only 1 car in the lot. I think that maybe it belongs to the guy working there, but secretly hope there's a customer or two in there, or that more come. We pull right up to the front and park.

"Are you guys ready for this," asks Dan.

I look at Brooke and she looks back at me, then smiles. She leans in and kisses me. She pulls back just slightly so our noses are touching and looks right in my eyes. "I trust you. Let's do this."

We all get out of the car and walk up to the door. Dan pulls it open for us. I motion for Brooke to go first. She slightly hesitates and then walks in. I follow and Dan follows me. We look to the right and just as I thought there is a man who looks to be around thirty years old behind the counter. We see him turn and look at us and he just stops, dumbfounded.

"Where are your butt plugs," I ask him.

"Back wall," he says, pointing.

We walk toward the plugs. I can feel the carpet on my bare feet and realize for the first time how insane this is. I am now looking for people to see me completely nude and covered in cum. At this point I am kind of thinking to myself that I might not want to ever wear clothing again. We see the butt plugs on shelves and the wall and start going through them.

"Which one do you want," I ask Brooke.

She walks up to them and starts looking at them closer. She picks up one with a raccoon tail. "I've always been kind of fascinated by these."

"Naughty girl", I say. "I don't even have a tail plug."

"I think it's hot," Dan says. "You should definitely get that one."

"Me too," says Brooke. "This is the one I want."

Brooke looks at me and asks "will you put it in me now?"

"Sure babe. Lie down on the floor." She gets down, missionary and spread eagle, facing me with her legs slightly in the air.

I look and see that the cashier is pretending to organize some DVD's on the shelf near us. "You don't mind if we put this in now, do you," I ask him.

"Not at all," he says. "You don't mind if I watch, do you?"

"We'd prefer it," I state. "Take out your phone and take pictures and video if you want."

I grab my plug that is currently in her and pull it out. I look right at the worker, pointing his phone toward us, and put it in my mouth, sucking it clean. After cleaning it off I reach back and reinsert it into myself. The empty feeling is gone and I feel full again.

I grab the tail plug and slowly insert it into Brooke. After inserting it I give her pussy a lick and look up at her.

"Please keep doing that," says Brooke.

As she asked, I continue to lick while inserting two fingers into her. I look up at her while doing this and notice her looking right at the guy that works there while he is recording. She is smiling and holding her tongue out. It is one of the hottest things I have ever seen. I look over at Dan and see he is watching us with his dick out, stroking it.

"Get behind me," I tell him.

He kneels down behind me and goes right into my pussy with one thrust. I'm sure the guy who works here loves getting this on tape. As Dan is slowly thrusting and I am fingering and licking Brooke the guy takes out his dick and starts stroking it while holding the phone in one hand. I see Brooke motion for him to come over to her. He goes over and kneels down beside her and she takes him into her mouth.

"Do you realize how insane this is," I say aloud. "We are in the middle of this store having a four-way. "Anyone can walk in at any time and see us, and we have nothing to cover up with."

This makes Brooke moan while sucking the worker. She is fully deep-throating him while looking right into his phone. He must be around 8 inches. Lucky guy.

"Let's switch, I would like you to fuck me," I say to the worker.

I see Brooke give his dick one last kiss on the tip and smile into his camera and he stands up. Dan pulls out of me, walks over to Brooke, and kneels next to her. As she takes Dan into her mouth the worker enters me. He is not as big as Dan, but it still feels great, in a different way.

After a few minutes of this I get an idea in my head.

"Dan, please come and lay down in front of me," I say.

He gets up, walks over and lies down on the ground in front of me. After he does this I climb on top of him and guide him into me. After this I look back over my shoulder at the worker, smile, and wiggle my butt. I hope he gets the hint.

He does, and kneels down behind me. I feel him grab the base of my butt plug and start pulling it out.

"Give that to me," says Brooke.

He hands it to her and she immediately starts licking it clean.

As Brooke is licking my ass off of my plug I feel the guy set the tip of his dick against the entrance to my ass. I push back a little bit giving him the signal. I am nice and ready from the big plug being in all day. He enters me slowly, inch by inch, and it feels amazing. I have not been DP'd with two real dicks in quite some time. I feel Dan and the guy start to alternate thrusts.

The guy hands his phone to Brooke. She takes it and starts filming all three of us fucking. I look directly at the camera most of the time, alternating looking right into Dan's eyes. This guy will be jerking off to this for the rest of his life. As he is fucking me in my ass he starts kissing my back, neck, and ears. It drives me fucking insane and I cum while screaming very loudly. Dan and the worker slow down their thrusts for a minute after I cum, but do not remove themselves from me.

After a bit the guy says "I am going to cum any second."

"Me too," says Dan.

"Well, I bet you guys know where we want it," I state.

The guy pulls out of my ass and stands up. I climb off Dan and he stands up. Brooke hands the guy back his phone. I kneel in front of the worker and take him into my mouth so I can taste my ass. I suck him while looking up at him for a minute.聽

"Please come over here and kneel down ladies, so we can paint your faces," says Dan.

I stop sucking the workers dick, kiss it, and stand up. I hold out my hand to Brooke and she gives me my plug back. As I kneel down in front of Dan I reinsert the plug to its proper home. Brooke kneels right next to me, touching shoulder to shoulder. She has the biggest smile on her face and it turns me on so much.

"Are you ready," Dan asks the guy.

He nods yes and holds his camera to us. Dan looks at us and tells us to beg for it.

"Please give us your cum baby. We are such dirty little cum sluts. We want it all over our faces, in our hair, in our eyes, everywhere," I say to the camera.

They step up right in front of us, point their dicks right at our faces, and let go. I feel the first spurt from the worker hit me right on the bridge of my nose. The second hits my forehead right where my hair meets it. Another rope goes right into my hair. After this I notice that he points his dick toward Brooke and that Dan points his at me. They are crossing streams of cum onto us. Dan gets a long rope of cum across both of my eyes. A second from him goes right onto my forehead and starts going right into my eyes as well. I keep my eyes open the whole time. I cannot believe how much cum there is. Just when I think we're done the worker stands directly over me and drops another load right into my hair.

I look up at the worker and smile while waving my tongue around at him so he has that memory forever. I then blow the camera a kiss. I look over at Brooke and can barely see a spot on her face not coated in cum. She looks amazing and I can tell she has just orgasmed from fingering herself while getting her facial. She opens her eyes and looks at me with the most lustful look I have ever seen on the face of anyone.

"That was the best thing that has ever happened to me," she says, while panting. "Is there a lot in my hair too," she asks, while leaning down for me too look.

"Oh yeah," I tell her. "Almost as much as there is on your face. How about me?"

She stands up and laughs. "Oh my god, there is so much. You are completely covered!"

As I look at her standing there, completely covered in cum, totally naked, kind of swaying and dancing, and a tail plug hanging down between her legs, I think I am in love. I stand up and walk over to her. I place my arms around her, grab her ass, pull her close against me and kiss her. Just a peck at first, then another. I look at her right in her eyes and say "I love you, you are perfect."

"Oh, Savannah." she says with a smile on her face, "I think I love you too!"

With that she tilts her head and leans in to kiss me. I open my mouth and feel her tongue enter it. After a final peck I pull away and stare into her eyes. We don't say a word.

I hear the door to the store open and Dan says we have to go. The worker says the plug is on the house. He starts to say "and by the way, my name is" and I stop him.

"It's hotter if we don't know," I state.

Dan pulls his pants up and is ready to go. I look over the shelf and see a couple walking toward us.

"Let's not panic and run," I say to everyone. "Let's just calmly walk out past them and give them a little show.

"I'm game," says Brooke. I don't think she will ever say no to anything ever again.

We start to walk toward the exit and come right up to the couple. They stop dead in their tracks and just stare at us without saying a word. We smile at them and as we walk by I say "the butt plug selection is great."

We get to the door and I look out. There is no one in the lot, to my dismay.

"Coast is clear," I tell them.

We all exit the store and get into Dan's truck, Brooke and I in the back. I hope he doesn't mind getting cum in here, as we have it dripping off of us.

"Ladies, I have an idea," says Dan, looking back at us. "Are you both free this weekend," he asks.

I tell him I have nothing important going on and that I am open to anything. So does Brooke.

"Would you like to take a little road trip somewhere," he asks.

"Where would we go," asks Brooke.

"There's a little lake and campsite with some cabins to rent a couple of hours away. We can rent one and stay the weekend," Dan tells us.

"That sounds fun," says Brooke. "I don't know how I'm going to get home and get my stuff though. I can't be seen at my apartment like this."

"Well," says Dan. "How about you don't go home?"

Brooke looks at me with a bit of confusion on her face.

"How about you both can only bring what you have on right now," says Dan.

"You mean you want us to stay like this the whole weekend," I ask him.

"Yes," Dan says. "I want to leave right now. I want to drive there with you completely naked, covered in cum, and to not have access to a single stitch of clothing until we get back home. You will be naked the entire trip. If I had my way, both of you would burn every piece of clothing you own and never wear a stitch again when we get back. No shoes, no jewelry, nothing, ever again. I would have you naked as the day you were born for the rest of your life."

I cum on the spot without even touching myself and see Brooke fingering herself. I climb on top of her and start kissing her while she fingers herself to an orgasm, panting into my mouth. As she comes down I pull away slightly.

"I think you know my answer baby. Are you ok with this," I ask her.

Looking right into my eyes she says "Yes, I will do anything and everything with you. I want to be naked with you for the rest of the weekend. I do not want a piece of clothing to touch my body until it's over. I want to continue to have cum all over me as much as possible too. I like the feeling of it. It makes me feel super dirty and slutty."

I look at Dan and say "I don't think that will be a problem, baby."

I stay lying on top of Brooke in the back seat and tell Dan to go ahead and start driving, we are ready. As we cuddle in all our naked glory I have thoughts on what fun this trip can be.


