Discovering Melanie
by Cave

Discovering Melanie Ch. 22 (Chapter 22)

Melanie stood in front of the elevator that had just departed, taking Josy up to the sixth floor. She was dazed by the implications of Josy’s words, but the sound of a door closing nearby broke her out of her reverie.

Melanie walked back to her apartment with a bounce in her step, a smile on her lips. Her mind was still on that moment in the elevator.

Josy had said she could have her fun with Brian, meaning she had her freedom to test her limits in showing a little more skin than normal during her runs, but at the same time Josy did not want Melanie and Brian to go further than that. Though Josy had not spelled it out exactly, this was more than just about touching. Josy meant the whole package. Right?

A guy passed her on the way, giving her an odd look and she looked away, quickly wiping the smile off her face. Upon entering her room, Melanie checked her phone. Almost 5 pm. Just then, she received a message from Josy.

‘Did you change yet?’

She put her bag away and undressed. Once naked, she went to her closet and took out the other chemise Reese had given her. The first thing she noticed was that while it would still be decent, it was a little shorter than the one she’d worn previously.

She slipped it over her head. Indeed, it only came to about mid-thigh. She giggled at the thought that Josy would probably suggest something even shorter on their next shopping trip.

She snapped a selfie and sent it to Josy.

‘There, I changed.’

Looking at the selfie, her eye was caught by something. The window! Her stomach dropped. She hadn’t closed her curtains before undressing.

Walking over to the window, she looked out. The building was U-shaped, with her apartment in one of the wings, though not at the end. Opposite and to the right there were windows from other apartments, eight floors in all. Did someone see her undress? She saw a girl sitting behind a desk on the opposite side. Scanning the other windows, Melanie saw other people, but did not notice anyone looking directly at her.

She put her phone away and exited her room to go get a drink. Walking through her apartment like this, and her mind still on Josy, she felt elated. Her stiff nipples brushed against the soft material, and she enjoyed the feeling of the air’s unimpeded access to her nether regions.

For a moment she stood in the hallway, listening. She heard no sounds from the other rooms. It seemed that no one else was home, but she wasn’t sure.

Feeling impish, she grabbed the fabric at her tummy and lifted it, baring herself up to her belly button. Just like that she half danced, half skipped down the hall to the common room.

Letting the cloth drop back into place, she tweaked her nipples on her way to the kitchen counter, where she started the electric kettle.

She felt wicked. Aroused. She felt the urge to whip off her only piece of clothing.

After pouring herself a glass of hot water, she was dancing on her toes.

A shadow passed over the kitchen window’s blinds. Someone had just walked by their apartment. They must live further down the hallway.

Now or never.

Grasping the hem, she pulled it up quickly, getting it over her head and off in just seconds. She had a butterfly party going on in her stomach. Naked in the kitchen. She did another little dance, which featured a lot of swaying of her butt, and having a lot of fun with it.

Half dancing, half walking, she was slowly moving into the common room, away from her chemise. She chickened out and hurried back to the kitchen counter.

She took a sip of her water, and then she heard the key in the lock. Ah!

Grabbing the chemise as she heard the door opening, she wrestled with it to get it facing the right way. She was losing previous seconds – any moment, someone would be walking through the hallway and see her! She heard the door closing and her heart was pounding in her chest, as with the garment around her head, she feared that someone was already there, watching her.

She had it over her head and back into place with just seconds to spare. Breathing heavily, she looked towards the doorway and saw Paige.

Paige stopped and smiled. “Hey!”

“Hi.” Did Paige suspect anything? She fixed the left shoulder strap.

“Anyone else home yet?”

“No, I don’t think so.” Her nipples were still tingling from rapidly pulling on the chemise.

“Could you heat up some water for me?” Paige walked into the room, putting her bag on a chair.

“Sure.” Melanie refilled the electric kettle and turned it on.

Paige nodded at Melanie. “That looks nice.”

“Oh this?” Melanie looked down, smiling. “It’s new.”

“Making yourself comfy. That’s good.”

“Yeah…”

Paige winked at her, saying, “Remember, nude is fine too.”

Melanie blushed. Nude, like she had just been? She turned back to the kettle, which was almost done.

“Who’s cooking today?” Paige asked behind her.

“Elle, I think.” As she reached up into a cabinet to grab a glass, she felt a strange sensation on her butt, as if it were a bit cooler. The feeling was slowly becoming more intense. She looked over her shoulder.

Paige had lifted the hem and was holding it high enough to expose her butt.

“Hey!”

Paige giggled. “I knew it. You’re not wearing any underwear.”

“Let go!” Melanie turned and slapped Paige’s hand away.

Paige smiled warmly. “Just having a little fun. Good to see you’re feeling at home.”

Melanie was embarrassed, but was glad Paige wasn’t making it worse. She turned back to the kettle, which had finished. She poured a glass for Paige and handed it to her.

Taking the glass, Paige said, “Nice pokies.”

A sharp intake of air. Had she heard that correctly? “Are you related to Josy?” she asked sarcastically.

“Who?” Paige had a puzzled look, but then smiled. “Your friend?”

“Never mind. I’m going back to my room.” Melanie took her water and walked towards the door.

“Wait. I shouldn’t have done that. You should feel free to do and wear what you want here.”

Melanie stopped and looked back at Paige but didn’t reply.

“It’s all in good fun. You get that, right?”

It hadn’t actually felt all that bad. In fact, Melanie had enjoyed the little moment when she noticed Paige exposing her butt. She had just been surprised, and that had made her react by slapping at Paige’s hand. Standing in the doorway, she forced a smile at Paige. “I suppose so.”

Back in her room, she got nervous. Perhaps she shouldn’t have acquiesced so easily. Better to nip such behavior in the bud… butt… bud… whatever… even though she did enjoy it a little.

She texted Josy. ‘Can I have dinner at your place?’

Less than a minute later, Josy replied. ‘Why?’

‘Or just wear normal clothes at dinner.’

‘lol, what happened?’

‘Paige found out I’m not wearing underwear.’

Melanie had to wait a moment for Josy’s next reply.

‘Okay. Here’s the deal: if you didn’t like it, you can change for dinner (or come here). If you did like it, you stay like that.’

‘I didn’t like it.’

‘Nah, not that simple. You will take a picture. For evidence.’

‘Evidence?’ Melanie had a good idea what Josy meant.

‘Yes, and you can’t cheat by wiping yourself first. And hurry, picture now.’

‘Pervert.’

Josy didn’t respond to her last message. Hurry – right. Melanie sat on her chair, put her feet up on the seat, put her phone in selfie mode inside the secure folder and snapped a close-up picture between her legs.

She looked at the picture and sighed. No change of clothes for her. She would endure. It wasn’t worth lying to Josy.

‘I’m not sending you this picture.’

‘Awww. Fine, I will verify tomorrow.’

~~~

Almost an hour later, Melanie walked into the common room as Elle was putting the food on the large table in front of the TV.

“Hey, can you get the plates for me?” Elle asked.

“Okay.” Melanie got the plates from the cabinet. “We’re eating at the TV again?”

“Yeah, I want to watch my show,” Elle said while Melanie put the plates on the low table. She waited until Melanie moved the last one into the right position. “You know, when you lean over like that, I can look straight down and see everything.”

Melanie stood back up, holding her arms to her chest.

Elle laughed. “It’s fine, don’t worry. Happens to the best of us. Can you help me with the rest?”

Melanie helped finish setting the table, being much more careful while leaning over. Meanwhile, Paige, Alani and Julia entered the room and sat down on the couches. Melanie took a seat next to Julia. While they were putting food on their plates, Reese entered the room, accompanied by another girl.

Reese sat down, eyeing Melanie’s chemise, and smiling happily. She was wearing jeans, and a red top that fit well with her short dark blonde hair. “This is Alli. Melanie. The rest you know already.”

Alli was taller than both Reese and Melanie. She had curly black hair, and a few small tattoos on her arms. She was wearing black jeans and a white shirt with a large print from a heavy metal band on the front.

As they shook hands, Melanie noticed Alli looking her up and down. It made her feel like she was being inspected, and she regretted the way her stiff nipples tented her single layer of clothing. She looked at Reese, who gave her an approving smile. It did nothing to relieve the tension in the air.

Alli did not at all seem happy to see Melanie there. Was that jealousy, or was she imagining it? What had Reese said to her girlfriend? Did Alli know Reese had given Melanie these clothing items?

During dinner, Melanie kept her knees together, plate on her lap. She was hyperaware of occasional glances being directed her way.

Though the TV was on, there was some conversation. It was Alani who first focused the conversation on Melanie’s clothes.

“Yesterday Reese, today Melanie. Who’s wearing lingerie at dinner tomorrow?” Alani asked.

Alli turned to Reese, while pointing at Melanie. “You wore that at dinner yesterday?”

“Oh…ah… yes. But pantyhose with it,” Reese replied, meekly.

“Oh, really.”

Julia laughed. “You’re in trouble now, Reese.”

Alli glared at Reese, but then grinned. “Exactly. You know what this means.”

Reese turned red and focused on her food.

Alli turned back to Melanie. “So, is this a common thing?” she asked, gesturing at Melanie’s outfit.

Alani spoke up. “Actually, Melanie is a nudist. Normally she’s naked, but she puts on some clothes when we have visitors.”

Melanie coughed out her food. “Am not!”

Everyone else laughed, even Alli and Reese.

“Well,” Paige said. “Perhaps not, but here you are, having dinner with us in your lingerie – without panties or bra.”

Alani laughed. “You’re not wearing panties?”

Melanie squirmed. Everyone was quiet and looking at her. She was feeling hot, and the air felt oppressive. She cast her eyes down, and squeaked, “Could you not?”

“Okay, fun’s over,” Paige said. “Guys, let’s ease off her. Julia, do anything fun today?”

The conversation moved to other subjects. Melanie was glad for that. Though Paige had joined in against her, she had also steered attention away from her. When she was done with her food, she put her plate on the table. When she sat back again, she saw several pairs of eyes stealing glances at her legs. She put her hands in her lap, wondering if some of them had already been able to confirm her lack of underwear. Had she been careful enough when she put her plate away?

Oddly enough, now that they had stopped talking about it, she felt that she could enjoy her near nudity more. Let them think whatever they like. She relaxed and put her hands by her side. It resulted in a few more glances her way, but she ignored them as best she could.

Yes, she was indeed able to enjoy herself now. Feeling that familiar tingle down below, she listened to the others talk, with just a thin layer hiding her nudity from them. Sitting as she was, the hem rested on her legs. She was fidgeting, and smoothed it out, pulling it taut. There was no one sitting directly opposite, so no one could see underneath. However, if someone shifted to just the right spot, it would be possible. That heightened her enjoyment of the moment.

During a moment when Alli was turned towards the TV, Reese looked at Melanie. She pulled up the hem of her own top just a little, showing the waistband of her jeans. It was followed by a wink. Her eyes darted to Melanie’s hem. She was daring Melanie to do the same.

Melanie blushed. She toyed with the hem of her chemise. It was tempting, but she couldn’t. Instead, she subtly shook her head.

When Reese had finished eating, she put her plate aside and pulled her feet up on the couch, with another meaningful look at Melanie. Apparently Reese was not yet done with her dares.

The idea of doing the same – pulling her feet up – aroused Melanie. These not-so-subtle hints were getting to her, and she had to focus on keeping her legs still, to keep her feet firmly on the ground.

When everyone had finished, Julia, Alani and Paige cleaned up, while the rest went to their rooms. Melanie spent the remainder of the evening in her room, exchanging texts with Josy before getting ready to go to sleep.

‘Good night, Josy.’

‘Wait, how was dinner? You didn’t send me pictures.’

Uh, how much did Josy want to know? ‘It was interesting. Alli was there. Reese’s girlfriend.’

‘Ooh! What’s she like?’

Melanie thought it would be a bit too complicated to explain over text. ‘She seems okay. I’ll tell you later.’

‘Okay but send me a picture. To help me sleep.’

‘I could just come over.’

‘No, better not. You’ve got your running tomorrow.’

Was Josy just using that as an excuse? Why did Josy not want her to come over?

Melanie sighed. Well, if Josy wants a picture, she’ll get a picture. She stripped naked, which took all of three seconds, and posed for a picture without her head in the frame. Then she edited it, strategically placing three hearts, and sent it to Josy.

‘What’s with the hearts?’ A few seconds later, Josy sent another message, which included three heart emojis. ‘You can have these back. Thank you. Good night, Mel.’

‘Sweet dreams, Josy.’

Melanie considered her bathroom visit in the nude, as had become her new habit, but she did not want to risk Alli seeing her in the hallway. Somehow, the risk of her roommates seeing her was something she had come to subconsciously accept, even though so far only Reese had happened upon her like that.

Lying alone in bed, Melanie’s bed – despite being just a single – felt awfully empty. She spread her arms out to her sides. No Josy to be found. She felt an ache deep inside, and her mind wandered, keeping her from sleep.

Could she sneak out, streak to Josy’s floor, apartment, and slip into Josy’s bed? She didn’t have a key. She’d have to knock. Would Sophia open the door and see her naked yet again?

She wondered if Josy was already sleeping.

Twisting and turning, a long time passed before she slipped off to dreamland.



23