Fay visits a castle 

Fay , as usual , was bored out of her skull . Husband was away and there she was a stranger in the village , not knowing anybody and desperately trying to find things to do to fill in her time. 

During a coffee morning visit to a dear old soul called Miss Thwaites , Fay had mentioned how there was so little to do and how bored she was . At sometime during that visit whilst Miss Thwaites was in a helpful mode , she mentioned there was a local castle to look round. She mentioned that few people ever went and it wasnt properly open to the public but the family that lived in Castle Cottage held a key to the site and would give it to anyone interested. 

With some difficulty , Fay was able to establish form her where and when to go. It had not been easy as Miss Thwaites had plenty of other suggestions. Fay was staggered after an early exchange of pleasantries , to hear Miss Thwaites say she would like to undress Fay . Fay tried to change the subject. She tried to talk of the weather but Miss Thwaites would interrupt and say she would like to undress Fay . She said they hadnt had anyone of Fays age for many a year in the village and she would dearly love to take her clothes off. Fay blushed and tried to talk of holidays. But Miss Thwaites wasnt having it , she said she regularly had Bridge evenings with her friends and would love to undress Fay in front of them , perhaps as a game or a forfeit. 

Fay had eventually got out with her instructions for the castle and leaving behind a half promise / vague agreement that some time in the future she would go to one of the Bridge evenings with some sort of game being played where she may be stripped as a forfeit.However there was nothing vague about it in Miss Thwaites mind. 

The following week one sunny afternoon , Fay looked up the occupants of Castle Cottage. To her dismay ,Fay found the occupants were out and there were only theit two boys in . She explained about wanting to look round the castle , the lads said they had the key but their parents didnt like just giving it to any body particularly if they didnt know them .As a comprimise , they suggested they went round with her . So 10 minutes later there was Fay at the gate to the castle with the boys kindly unlocking it for her. As they entered they commented they had better lock the gate so no one else could get in and told Fay she now had the castle to herself. 

Fay pottered around with the boys following behind her, she took her time to read the notices absorbing all the information . The boys were now quite bored as they had seen it all so many times before and started messing around chasing each other. Fay was finding it more difficult to pay attention as the lads ran around.She went into the Keep at the centre of the castle which was still quite intact , she hoped for a bit of peace and quiet but the boys chase each other in. 

"Can you boys please try and be quiet ," Fay asked. "What for , we know all the stuff off by heart, " answered George the older of the two. "Could give you a test if you want," added Simon the younger one. "If you dont mind , history is my subject , I do know about these things," Fay snapped back. "When was it built?" Asked George. "About 1500 ?Fay suggested. "Way out , 1360 it started and was finished in 1385 ," replied George. 

"Which family built it? Added Simon. "Oo I am not sure about that, " offered Fay. "The Beaumonts did , famous round here they were , " informed Simon. "Was it ever invaded? George enquired. "I wouldnt have thought so , " Fay suggested. "Wrong , twice invaded by the Scots, " George corrected her. 

"You are not very good , are you? Every one wrong." Assessed George. "I think she deserves to have her bottom spanked for that ," enthused Simon. "Quite so Simon , I think Miss Carter should have her bum smacked ," George said with a grin. 

Now Fay was taken aback by this . Here she was with a castle to herself , surrounded by history and in an odd way was quite excited .She had dreamt of being in a castle alone , of being held prisoner , part of herhad been thinking that she would like to put the learning to oneside and let the boys chase her and then of course her knowledge had let her down.The boys saw her hesitation and pushed her away from the displays into the middle of the floor. Simon stood to the front of her with George behind. 

"None out of three is not good enough Miss Carter , touch your toes ," commanded Simon. 

Fay assessed her situation , she looked at Simons grinning face and felt herself blush , she looked around brushing her black hair back as she collected her thoughts , her hands were flat on her thin summers dress, then Simons grin turned to one of utter delight as Fay obediantly bent over and touched her toes. 

She heard George take a step forward and then a slap hit her right cheek quickly followed by one to the left , much sharper and stronger than Fay had been anticipating. His hand slapped each cheek inturn , alternating with slaps to the middle of her bum . 

"Oo oo oo, " Fay shrieked as Georges hand slapped down on her bottom , the barrage continued till George decided it was enough. "Now turn round and offer your bum to Simon ," commanded George. "But please, hes younger than you ," protested Fay. 

To no avail. Fay turned fingers touching toes and the slaps started with Simon the punisher . The sting was pretty much the same making Fay think these boys have spanked before. If anything Simon slapped more vigorously and just when Fay thought the ordeal was over , she was ordered to turn again , George had another go and then Simon a second go. 

When fay first bent over , she was expecting some playful slaps , but this was a spanking , and what a sight it had beeen a grown woman bent over letting two boys spank her. 

Fay was a lot more subdued now , reading the notices whilst rubbing her stinging bottom .However it had helped form a bond between the three .The boys noticed that Fays interest in the notices was less intense. 

"Whats the matter , lost interest ? Enquired George. "I cant take it all in , maybe I should just have played with you instead , " Fay said with a slight smile. "Ok , lets play hunt the damsel , they used to do it here in the old days," said George. "Em how do you play that ," asked Fay. "Easy you hide in the castle grounds and we have 10 minutes to find you," explained Simon. "Oh that sounds easy, " answered Fay. "But if we find you in those 10 minutes , you have to let us pull your knickers down , " chirped in George. 

Fay could barely believe what she had just heard , she should have just walked away but before she knew what she was doing she fled into the grounds. The boys gave her 3 minutes to hide herself and then set off searching. The trouble was they knew the castle so well , Fay had hidden herself in the corner of the remains of a storage room , she had pressed herself into the corner , all was well , then she heard voices nearby , she had to be absolutely still now , but as she had that thought a gust of air blew at her dress and part blew in front of an aperture in the wall , 

"There, " a cry went up , Fay felt her heart miss a beat and as she did so , two boys scampered round each side of the ruined corner. Fay was cornered , she covered her mouth in horror , her face went deep red , "Got you ," Said George, " now lay down on the grass here , hands above your head and receive your punishment." "But but, " Fay spluttered , yet as she complained she lowered herself to the ground , the boys lifted her arms above her head as she laid down , and warned her not to move them. 

Fay was flat on the ground , she began to tremble as the boys sat either side of her waist, the pair of them reached down for the hem of her summer dress , and began to pull it up , moving it slowly up , first her knees then her thighs came into view and then her panties. 

"Oo Miss Carter wears white panties , how cute ," commented Simon. "And I can clearly see a minge under there , yes our Miss Carter has a minge alright , " commented George. "I hope you are right George , it certainly looks dark between her legs and I have always wanted to see one ,so I think it is time for Miss Carter to have her knickers pulled down ." 

Fay felt fingers go into the waistband of her panties at each side and with horror felt them start to come down  , a wisp of hblack curly hair , a line of black curly hair and then the whole bush as her panties met her knees. 

"Oh my God , just look at the hairy minge on her , " chuckled George. "Oo Miss Carter has a hairy one , a nice hairy pussy to play with , " added Simon as he gently put his hand into her bushand felt the hairs , pulling them to their full extent and watching them curl as he let go. Simon carried on stroking through her pubic hairs testing the length at each spot of her triangle whilst the older boy had quickly gone for her vagina and was carefully stroking his fingers up and down her fanny. 

For Simon , it was like Christmas a 20 yr old woman with her knickers down and having to let him feel her most private part , but it was the hairs that took his immediate attention , he used his fingers as a comb and ran them through her bush and would then stop and play with a stray hair or with his palm would slowly stroke her triangle. George had tested the consistancy of her hairs and would occasionally run his hands through them but he was more concerned with rubbing her slit , particularly as he was gettting a moist noise as he fingers probed deeeper.Fay looked down her body to witness the embarrassment of the younger boy gleefully playing with her black curlies whilst George rubbed away. 

"I dont believe it , we have actually seen her twat , her bare hairy twat," remarked Simon. "Yes Miss Carter , history buff , with her knickers pulled down and hairy minge on show ,"teased George as he got more determined with his rubbing. 

Fay could feel herself getting wetter and wetter , she was embarrassed by the squelch her pussy was making but couldnt stop the feeling that this wasnt so bad , that was until she felt an intrusion as George thrust a finger up her fanny and worked it in and out. 

"Hey , you can give her the finger , this is mint , " said George as he began to thrust 2 fingers up Fay , Fay was well on the way to ocoming when George added , "Simon have a go at this you wont believe how wet and slimey it is , " 

Simon left playing with her hairs and began to examine her cunt and began pulling gently on her flaps so he had a better view of what George was doing , George withdrew his fingers , clenched 3 of Simons fingers together and prodded him in at the right spot, Simon was inside her and without any encouragement banged his fingers in and out of her , just as George teased as to what fun it was to see her being fingered , Fay elet out a muffled scram and came as Simon feverishly pounded away. 

Even though she had come she was not allowed up , her panties were taken right off , and they made her spread her legs as far as possible so they could examine her pussy and with legs spreadeagled , George gently brought her to another climax whilst Simon had perched himself on top of her body , unbuttoned the top of her dress and felt her breasts in her bra , Fay could smell her own come on the boys fingers as his hands stroked her breasts. 

Before she was allowed up , even after two orgasms , they stripped her completely and made her lay there spreadeagled with everything on show , indeed they even removed her shoes so she was totally naked .Her small bared breasts were fondled by both lads and then George just stood back and watched his friend feel Fays black thatch 

It had been a day of learning ,Fay had discovered facts about the local castle and George and Simon had dfound out that Fay had a very nice bush between her legs . 