The Trailer Park: The Third Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 16

"I'm sorry."

"What for?"

"My dad." I could see that her eyes were wet.

"Tami, your dad's not your fault."

"You were protecting me. And you almost got..."

We were sitting on the swings. We'd both skipped school, and last night seemed almost like a dream. I twisted my swing and scooted closer to Tami. I picked her up and pulled her sideways across my lap.

"Tami, first of all, what I did was stupid. I should have called the cops, then knocked on the door and tried to sell him a magazine subscription or something to stall for time. Instead, I charged in like John Wayne. I'm starting to think maybe the Duke's a bad influence. Second, while I'm glad I helped you and your mom, I'd like to think I would have done the same for Mrs. Westlake or Mrs. Taylor, and I don't even know them."

"You would have. You couldn't help yourself."

"What now?"

"What do you mean?"

"Are you and your mom going to move back to Colorado?"

"Nope, this is our home and we like it. What were you and Mom talking about while I changed?"

"Consent papers."

"Consent papers?"

"Yeah, she said she'd sign."

"What kind of consent papers?"

"To get married. Now all I have to do is talk my Mom and Dad into it, and a judge and we can get married next month. Right on your birthday."

"Don't I have a say in this?"

"Nope, you're stuck with me. And have I mentioned, my religion, Tonyism, doesn't allow divorce?"

"No, you hadn't mentioned that. Tonyism, huh? Does it allow adultery?"

"Only with spousal permission."

Tami got quiet after that. I gently swung back and forth, just a few feet in each direction. "We can wait until the day after your birthday if you want," I prompted.

"Anthony Marion Sims, I'll marry you whenever and wherever you want. Whether I'm your only wife or just one of a dozen."

I tried to picture a house with a dozen wives. It was a scary thought. I had trouble with just four. Four-and-a-half, if you count making out with Ashley.

"Tony," she said after a while, "I'm sorry that I didn't tell you about my dad. We said we wouldn't have any secrets."

"No, we said we'd be honest. There's a difference. There'll always be secrets. Things you're not ready to tell me, like your dad, or things you think I'm not ready to hear. Or things, that aren't your secrets to tell. I've got a couple of those," I said, thinking of Sally Jeffries and her friend Dana.

"Why are you so sensitive?"

"I read," giving my standard throw-away answer. "Actually I'm cursed by the ability to see both sides."

She kissed me gently on the lips, then laid her head against my chest. "I guess I didn't tell you about my dad because I was embarrassed. I mean, he hits her, he hits my mom. How could he do that?"

"My curse doesn't extend to understanding that, but I'd guess it's the stress of his job. He just can't deal with it. I mean, a cop is supposed to be so in control all the time. He comes home and relaxes that control, then anything can set him off."

Tami lifted her head and looked at me. Then she kissed me again and laid her head back down. "Pretty good for somebody who doesn't understand."

"I spent some time last night reading on the internet about abuse."

"Why?"

"Because I don't understand how someone could hurt someone they love, or even loved."

"Did you figure it out?"

"No. But you said you were embarrassed. I think there's a lot of kids out there in the same position. You could help them."

"Help them?"

"You could tell your story."

"I can't."

I could feel Tami starting to cry. I held her and didn't say a word.

"You want me to stand up in a school assembly or something, and say 'Hi, I'm Tami and my dad beats up on my mom'."

"Actually, you like journalism and you're good at it. I think you should write your story."

"Why? Why embarrass myself?"

"I told you. I went reading about this on the internet last night. One of the statistics I saw, said that four million women a year get battered. That's out of a hundred and forty-three million women in the country. That's like one in thirty-six. If you figure that our school has about three or four hundred mothers, that means that there are eight to ten women getting beat up, and their kids are just as embarrassed."

"You're a bastard, you know that?" Tami said without lifting her head.

"Yeah, I know. And if you add in the justice department figures, seventy percent of those have kids getting hit too."

"You can stop now."

"Will you try it? Just to see how it goes? You never know, it might help. Sometimes, just getting it off your chest..."

"Okay, I'll try." She was quiet for awhile. "Tony, make love to me."

"You mom's home."

"What about your house?"

"My mom's home."

"We could go out in the woods?"

"That could lead to frostbite in an inconvenient location. But there's nobody home at Robbie's house, and I know where they keep the key."

"You may be a bastard, but you have your moments."


Chapter 17

MY DAD HITS MY MOM

My dad hits my mom. Five very simple words. But you wouldn't believe how hard to say. Or write.

My dad hits my mom. For fifteen years, all of my life, that's been my reality. Most kids are embarrassed by their parents. They're too smart, they're too dumb, they're not cool. For my best friend, they kiss in public. But I wasn't embarrassed, I was ashamed. I didn't want anyone to know. And they didn't. It was our dirty family secret.

My dad hits my mom. For most of my life I wondered if it was my fault. If I was smarter, nicer, prettier, maybe this wouldn't happen. If I was taller, shorter, if I was a boy, maybe Dad wouldn't get so mad. Maybe he wouldn't hit.

My dad hits my mom. And the worst part was, I was alone. No one in the world had a dirty little secret like mine. No one in history knew what I felt like.

My dad hits my mom. A friend showed me some statistics from the Justice Department. Four million women get hit every year. Many with kids. A lot of the kids get hit too. I was lucky. I...

... can end. The first step is walking up to somebody, somebody you trust, and saying the five hardest words, 'My dad hits my mom'.

"Damn girl. You can write," I said as I passed the page to Robbie.

"I never knew," was her comment when she finished.

"You weren't supposed to," Tami said with an almost-smile. "That's the whole point of a secret.

"Now what?" Robbie asked. We were sitting outside, eating lunch out of our brown paper bags. It was a bright clear and warm March day.

"Tony thinks I should print it in the school paper, in case there's somebody out there like me, one with a dirty little secret they're ashamed to tell."

"Then a reprint in the New York Times, and a quick trip to Columbia University to pick up a Pulitzer, splitting the money with me, since it was my idea."

Robbie patted me on the head. "He's so cute when he's delirious."

Tami grinned, "He's even cute when he's not."

"So are you? Going to put it in the paper?"

"I'd like to. Tony was right, it helped a lot to write it out. I'd like to think it might help somebody going through this. But, it won't work."

"Why not?" I asked.

Tami fixed me in her gaze. "You take the same journalism class as I do. Remember the guidelines?"

"Guidelines?"

"For printing articles in the school paper?"

"I must have missed that class."

"Slept through it is more likely," Robbie said, patting me on the head again.

"I do not sleep in class," I said indignantly. "Except for biology and that's a given."

"If we could bottle Mr. Bower, we could put the sleeping pill companies out of business in a week," Robbie agreed.

"The guidelines," Tami said, reminding us of the point of the conversation, "that Mr. Walker gave us the first class of the year--that, Mr. Sims, you not only attended, but were conscious for--said that articles in the school paper must be about school sponsored activities. Articles about students or teachers in non-sponsored activities were permitted on a space available basis as long as they were upbeat and moral."

"You sound like you memorized it," I accused.

"I looked it up yesterday," she admitted.

"Oh!" was the most intelligent thing I could think of to say.

"So, I repeat, now what?" Robbie asked.

"I give it to Mr. Walker, he says we can't use it, and I file it away." Tami sounded sad, as she said it.

"You really wanted to print it?"

"Not at first. I started it to get the love of my life to shut up." She flicked me on the nose, like a bad puppy. "But it really helped to write it. I kinda hoped, it might help somebody to read it.

"What'd he say?" I asked.

Tami grinned. "Mr. Walker said it's the best thing I've ever written and one of the best essays he's ever read."

"And?" Robbie prompted.

"It doesn't fit with school policy for newspaper articles."

"Well, if it's any consolation. Your not the first reporter to have a story squashed." I said, hopefully.

"Yeah, boyfriend," Tami said, sliding her arm around my waist and her hand into my back pocket. "That helps a lot."

"Sarcasm doesn't become you," I said repeating her movements and finishing with my hand in her back pocket.

"Yeah, but it becomes me," Robbie added. "And you two better watch it, or you'll get Parker's public-display-of-affection speech number one oh three." We were standing outside the history classroom, waiting for the sixth period second bell.

"Right now," Tami said with a heavy sigh, "I don't really care."

"Kelly, my favorite math genius!"

Kelly smiled. She might only be twelve, but she looked as confident as any high school freshman. I knew that Robbie and Tami had both helped her with make-up and stuff, and I'd heard she was dating a boy in the eighth grade who was almost as smart as her.

"Tony, you want something," she accused with a grin.

"Who, me?"


Chapter 18

Second period on Friday, and Mr. Bower droned on and on about the life cycle of the mosquito. I glanced around. Most of the class were nodding off as usual. Even Tami and Robbie, who shared a lab table with me and Luke, looked zoned out.

It's not that biology can't be interesting—hell, I was in my third year of research on female mammalian mating habits--but Mr. Bower had a monotone voice and never got excited. I doubt he could give a word inflection if he wanted to. It was a good thing his tests were straight out of the book or everybody would flunk. And it was a required course.

For once, I was wide awake. But not because of the life cycle of the mosquito. I was waiting. I actually listened to Bower; not the content, but his delivery. How the hell could he talk and talk without changing his pitch or tone even a little? Did he know he did it? Did he ever notice that half his class was asleep and the other half, dazed?

An aide from the office came in and set a stack of newspapers on the corner of Bower's desk. Bower either didn't notice or didn't care, because his delivery on the blood sucking tendencies of the mosquito didn't waiver. The man was amazing in a tragic sort of way. The papers always got delivered second period. When the bell rang, everybody would grab one on their way out.

I wondered if Bower would notice if I got up and started passing them out. I glanced at the clock over the door. Fifteen minutes.

The door banged open, waking everyone, and Parker strode in. I was reminded about the movie about George Patton. I wondered if they ever made a movie of my life, could we get George C. Scott to play Parker?

Parker looked around as Bower abruptly stopped talking, with a real live change in pitch to indicate surprise. Parked focused on our table and stomped over.

"You!"

Tami started when she realized he was talking to her. He had a folded newspaper in his hand that he slapped down against the desk.

"What is the meaning of this?"

"I, uh, I, uh..."

"Excuse me, some of us are trying to learn here," I said.

"I am not in the mood for you," he said, shifting his stare to me.

I wanted to tell him that I wasn't in the mood for him either, but my policy is never get suspended on a Friday if you can help it. Ruins the weekend. "We're here to learn and Mr. Bower was just getting to the good part."

"I was?" Bower asked in surprise. "Well, to continue, the female mos..."

"I'm not done here." Parker said loudly. "What is this about?" He slapped the paper against the desk again.

"What?" Tami stammered.

"This," he said, slapping the paper down for the third time.

"I..."

"You might get better results if you showed her the paper instead of waving it around," Robbie suggested sweetly.

"Stay out of this," he shouted. I watched the vein in his forehead start to throb. I pictured it as a mamba, ready to strike.

"Mr. Parker, If you must yell at students, could you do it elsewhere?" Bower asked, surprising everyone.

"Teach your class," Parker snapped.

"I'm trying to," Bower snapped back.

Parker ignored him. "What is this?" He opened the paper and displayed it for Tami.

I decided to be helpful so we could get back to the other bloodsucker, the mosquito. "It's a newspaper. A popular form of mass communication. The first newspaper in the United States was the Boston News-Letter, first published in 1704--or was it 1705?"

"Detention, Mr. Sims."

"For answering your question?" I asked innocently.

He ignored me like he'd ignored Mr. Bower.

"Well, Miss Sharp. Would you care to explain?"

"Explain what?" Tami asked, confused. "The girl's basketball team being invited to Phoenix?" The headline was GIRL'S B'BALL TO PHOENIX TOURNAMENT, with half of the team picture above the fold.

"No, this," he said and showed us the bottom of the paper. Tami's essay was in the right hand column.

"I... I..."

"Come with me. NOW!"

"Excuse me," I said, as politely as I knew how.

"Mr. Sims, your detention is now for a week. Want to try for a month?"

"No, sir." I smiled. "I just thought you might like to know that I put that in there, not Tami. But I realize now that facts just get in your way. I'll be quiet." I smiled again.

The room was silent. You could have heard the proverbial pin drop. Though I had a feeling that anyone dropping a pin right then, would be joining me in detention.

"Mr. Sims, my office now!"

"Could it wait five minutes? I was really hoping to hear the rest of the lecture. Education and all."

"NOW!" It was almost a scream.

"Why did you do this?" Parker asked waving the paper in my face.

"How did you do this?" Mr Walker, the Journalism teacher, asked as he leaned against the front of Parker's desk.

I was seated in front of the desk while Parker towered over me. It would have been more impressive without the beer belly sticking out at me.

"I just opened the copy file on the terminal, and rearranged the front page," I said, answering Mr. Walker's question and ignoring Mr. Parker's. "I remembered everything you taught us about composition. I moved the article about softball try-outs to page four and cut-down two of the articles there. How'd I do?"

"Very well," Mr. Walker said. "You really should have..."

"Mr. Walker, the point," Parker reminded.

"Sorry. The copy file that goes to the printer is password protected. How'd you get into it?"

"I just sat down and started typing." Which was true, after Kelly Dubrey spent fifteen minutes hacking the file for me.

"Why?"

"It was a good story. You said so yourself. I thought it was an important story that might help somebody in the same situation. Isn't that what journalism is all about?"

"It is," Walker agreed.

"This school has guidelines, and this story didn't meet them." Parker grumbled.

"I understand you set the guidelines. I know you didn't bother getting input from the students. Did you ask Mr. Walker?"

"Policy is not your problem. You don't run this school. I do."

"Funny, I thought you worked for the district. And I thought the elected school board ran the district."

"Apparently your last suspension didn't teach you anything. Certainly not respect."

"Not for you," I agreed. Walker's eyes opened wide, but he didn't comment.

"Your mother wasn't very happy last time. Maybe you should have thought of that."

"Maybe you should call her and ask her." I grinned, and he looked a little less confident.

"And you won't be playing baseball during your suspension this time."

"If I'm suspended, I'll do whatever I want."

"Not with our team. Not during your suspension, and not after. You're banned from all activities."

I opened my mouth, then closed it again. I took a few seconds to process. "What about the paper, it's an extra-curricular activity?"

"I can assure you. You're never going near the paper again."

"What about my journalism class? It meets in the paper's office."

"You just flunked journalism!"

"I..." I closed my mouth, wondering if I was in over my head and going down for the third time.

"NO!"

Parker and I both looked at Mr. Walker.

"What?" Parker said.

"I said, no. You do not decide what to grade my students, I do. And Mr. Sims is not earning a failing grade in my class."

"See here..."

"Shall we go see Marty and find out who gives the grades?" I found out later that Marty was the superintendent.

"This is not an appropriate discussion in front of a student."

"I think it's very appropriate," Mr Walker corrected. "You just said that he was going to flunk my class. I'm telling him that as long as I'm grading my classes, if he does the work, he won't fail. And so far, he's done the work."

"I'm the vice principal of this school, and if I say he fails..."

"You will Not grade ONE of my students! If you want to do the grading, I'll bring you my grade books and you can grade them all. And I'll be sure to let all the other teachers know that you'll be taking care of that chore from now on."

I always liked Mr. Walker. Now I wanted him to adopt me.

"Fine, he's passing your class, but he's to have nothing further to do with the newspaper."

"The newspaper is, and always has been, part of the class," Mr. Walker explained.

Parker looked like he wanted to sit on the floor and kick and scream. "You can go back to class now. I can handle it from here.

"Yes, I can see you can," Walker said sarcastically and left.

"Mr. Sims, you can wait on the bench outside the office. Mrs. Hatcher will call your mother.

"Thank you, sir. It's been a pleasure as always, sir," I said with a grin as I left the office, just to keep him guessing.

Mom was less upset than I expected. After ten minutes with Parker in his office she was more than happy to listen to my side. She commented that I was playing fast and loose with the rules again, but didn't seem mad about it.

"I won't bother asking if it was worth it. What I don't understand," she said as she turned the car into the trailer park. "Why do you always do this in March?"

I hadn't thought about it like that. "I guess it's the nice weather that gets to me."


Chapter 19

"Why?"

"Why what?"

"Anthony Marion Sims, you know damn well what I'm asking."

I grinned and kissed Tami on the nose as we walked down Elizabeth Taylor. Then for good measure, I leaned the other way and kissed Robbie's nose too.

"Are you familiar with Sir Edmund Hillary?"

"Because it's there?"

I nodded. "Though in this case, because it needed to be done."

"But you're suspended."

"It's not the first time," Robbie injected.

"You're not helping," I said.

"But, your parents," Tami said.

"I'm not quite sure what's happening there," I admitted. "Mom dropped me off, told me to stay out of trouble, and went back to work. She didn't ground me or give me a ton of chores or anything. But maybe she's waiting to talk it over with Dad."

"What about baseball?" Robbie asked.

"Not looking good. Parker said I was banned from all activities."

"For how long?"

"I think forever."

Tami looked like somebody had just run over her puppy. "It's my fault."

"Don't be stupid," Robbie said before I could. "You didn't make Tony put your essay in the paper. You didn't even know."

"But if I hadn't written it?"

"And who talked you into that? Besides, Mr. Calloway posted the list for varsity today, and Tony was on it, even though he missed today's tryout."

"I was?" I said in surprise.

"Yep, and so was I."

I stopped and hugged Robbie. Then I hugged Tami. Life was good. I made the team before I got kicked off.

"We should celebrate," I decided. "Why don't you call Ricky. We'll all go to a movie."

"Ricky?"

"You know, your boyfriend."

"Uh, Tony, Ricky dumped me."

"Ricky dumped you," I repeated, stunned. "When? How? Why?"

Robbie grinned. "Monday. He told me. Molli."

"I don't... The kid's got brain damage. Must have taken a baseball off the noggin."

"I agree," Tami said quickly.

Robbie shook her head. "It's cool. We've been going out since June. That's a record for me. For him too."

"You're okay with this?" I asked.

"Sure. We aren't, weren't, like you two. It wasn't special, it was just fun. If he hadn't dumped me, I would have cut him loose pretty soon. It was just... time to move on."

"Molli who?" Tami asked.

"Molli Seaver."

"A cheerleader? He dumped you for a brain-dead cheerleader?"

"Tony Sims! Molli isn't brain dead. She's on the speech team and the debate team. Just because she's pretty and a cheerleader..."

"Sorry, Mom," I said.

"I tell your real mother you're stereotyping women like that and you won't see daylight until after Traci graduates."

"That's a fact," Tami agreed.

"Hey! I thought you were supposed to be on my side."

"Not when you're being sexist."

"I wasn't being sexist. I was being cheer-ist."

I'm not sure if it was part of her plan, but spending the weekend waiting for the other shoe to drop made it a very, very long weekend. Mom didn't say a word. Nether did Dad. And I was free to come and go.

My mother is trying to drive me crazy.

I was camped on the sofa, stretched out with my feet on the arm, when there was a knock on the door. I figured it was probably somebody wanting to bring me to Jesus, and I was really into rereading Asimov's Caves of Steel, so I ignored it.

It was Sunday, and Tami had gone shopping with her mom, and Robbie and her dad were doing something with Ashley and her family. They knocked again.

"You going to get that?" Traci asked, from the kitchen.

"Wasn't planning to," I said and turned the page.

Traci mumbled something about men and lazy and went to the door.

"It's for you."

I looked up. Mikee was standing in the door.

"Hi," I said, swinging my feet to the floor.

"Uh, hi," Mikee said and stepped past Traci. "I need a favor."

"Sure."

"I need... uh... that is..." She looked over at Traci again, then lowered her voice. "I need a rubber," Mikee said, glancing back at Traci and turning red.

I felt my eyes open wide. It sounded like my friend Luke was about to lose his amateur status. "Not a problem." I got up and walked past her to my room. I had a box in my football bag, I opened it and pulled out four.

Back in the living room, I handed them to Mikee.

"Uh, thanks." She looked at Traci again, then made her escape.

Traci gave me an appraising look as I settled back on the couch. "That was nice of you."

"Unh huh."

"I wonder how she knew to come here?"

"Uh..."

"I guess she figured because you're so hot and heavy with Tami."

"I guess." This was not a conversation I wanted to have with my little sister.

"Still..."

I never found out where she was going. There was another knock. Traci opened the door, Mikee was back, this time with Kelly.

"Uh, hi again."

Traci opened the door and pointed the two girls toward me.

"I need another favor," Mikee said when she was standing in front of me. I nodded. "Can Kelly hang here for awhile?"

I nodded and smiled at the younger girl.

Mikee was red-faced again. "Luke was kinda weirded out about her being in the house," she admitted, before leaving.

'Now what?' I thought. If Traci wasn't here, Kelly and I could have some fun on our own, but she was, so we couldn't.

Kelly settled on my knee and looked at me. "Kenny says, you're suspended again."

"Unh huh."

"He was pretty happy about it."

"That doesn't surprise me."

Kelly looked back at Traci, who was standing by the door watching us. I think she realized that she had to be good. "Want to play a game or something?"

"Sure. Traci, you up for it?"

"I guess."

I cleared the dining room table while Traci got Monopoly out of the hall closet. I made a mental note to remind Luke that he owed me. Big time.


Chapter 20

"It was good of you to see us," Mom started out politely. "Especially so early on a Monday morning."

"I'm always happy to talk to one of our parents," Mrs. Jeffries, the principal, smiled. She was a grey kind of woman. Not her clothes: they were bright, almost loud. But the woman herself was grey, not just her hair, her personality. Just... blah.

She was also a closed-door principal. I rarely saw her. I doubted that I'd seen her in the halls a dozen times since school started. Mr. Parker was the visible face of the school.

And that was a very depressing thought.

"What can I do for you?" she prompted.

"I wanted to talk to you about Tony's punishment."

"I see. I had a feeling that was what this was about." She leaned back in her chair and steepled her fingers. "What Tony did was very serious. He may have thought he had a good reason, but the fact is, he ignored school policies and hacked a school computer. I think a five day suspension is very fair."

"Oh, I agree," Mom said, surprising Mrs. Jeffries. "I thought the suspension was very fair."

"You did? You do?"

Mom nodded.

"I'm very gratified to hear that. So often parents don't want their little ones to take the consequences for their actions."

Little ones? What were we, eight?

"No, that's not a problem. I think even Tony will agree that his sentence was fair under the circumstances." Both women looked at me and I nodded.

"I'm afraid you've lost me then. I don't understand what this meeting's about." Mrs. Jeffries said as her fingers interlocked, then she templed just her forefingers.

"It's about the rest of his punishment."

"I'm sorry?"

"Mr. Parker has barred him from all further activities. No sports, school shows, no newspaper or yearbook."

"I see. I wasn't aware of that, but I'm sure Mr. Parker has his reasons."

I would have loved to comment about Mr. Parker and his reasons, but I had a feeling that Mom wouldn't have appreciated the help.

"Mr. Parker also threatened to fail Tony in journalism class until Mr. Walker intervened."

"Again, I'm sure Mr. Parker had his reasons."

"Apparently Mr. Walker didn't think so."

"Well, I'd have to talk to Mr. Parker..."

"We'll wait."

"Excuse me?"

"I said, we'd be happy to wait, if you want to talk to Mr. Parker about this."

"I didn't mean right now."

"Why not? We came to get this resolved."

"Well, I make it a point never to over-rule my subordinates."

"Then what good are you?" Mom asked bluntly.

"Excuse me?"

"What good are you?" Mom repeated slowly. "If you never over-rule your subordinates, either they're always right, in which case you're superfluous, or you're afraid to make a decision in which case you're a waste of space."

Go get'm Mom.

"You don't have to be insulting."

"I wasn't being. I was stating reality."

"I'm not sure we have anything more to discuss," Mrs. Jeffries said, standing.

"Sit down. We're not finished," Mom snapped.

"I don't see..."

"That may be the problem. Now, Mr. Parker has set a punishment. Do you feel it's appropriate?"

"Well, it does seem a little extreme, but Mr. Parker is an able administrator."

"If it's extreme, will you overturn it?"

"As I said, it's my policy not to over-rule..."

Mom looked at her watch. "C'mon Tony, we're late for our appointment with Mr. Mulino."

Mrs. Jeffries looked startled. "You have an appointment with the superintendent?"

"Yes, we do."

"But..."

"Like you said, you have a policy."

Mom stood, so I stood.

I wondered if I'd be able to survive in this school once Mom got through with it.

"Mrs. Jeffries has a policy of never over-ruling her subordinates," Mom said without preamble. "Do you have the same policy?"

"Well, I like to support my people, but sometimes I have to change their decisions."

"That's a start. Are you familiar with Tony's case?"

"I know he's been suspended.

"For five days. That's..."

"Tony?" Martin Mulino interrupted. "What do you think? Was five days fair?"

"Yes, sir!" I said quickly. "I think if I'd been the principal it would have been more."

"Are you aware of the rest of the punishment?" Mom asked.

"No. Just the suspension."

"Tony's been banned from all future extra-curricular activities."

"I see. That's unusual. We sometimes suspend a student from an activity, but only if he's causing problems in that activity. I've never heard of banning a student from all activities."

"So you'll reverse him," I asked, hopefully.

"No."

"No?" Mom and I said together.

"But I will investigate and then decide if such action is warranted. If it isn't, then I'll reverse it. Or let Mr. Parker reverse it himself."

"Thanks Mom," I said as we walked out into the parking lot.

"For what?"

"Going to bat for me."

Mom stopped and looked me in the eye. Lately that was getting a little harder since I was now a quarter-inch taller than her. "Tony, I think you, as your dad says, play fast and loose with the rules. But I also think you understand that there may be consequences, and you're prepared to take those consequences. And I'm just mean enough to let you," Mom said with a grin.

"But sometimes, people over-react and the punishment doesn't fit the crime. Then I'll be happy to be your mother and fight for you. I don't think this punishment fits this crime, so I'll be in your corner until we straighten it out, or you screw up worse. Whichever comes first."

"I couldn't ask for more." I couldn't resist. I hugged her. "Thanks for being my mom."

Mom hugged back. "Thanks for keeping your crime spree local."
