Kate's Morning Out
byAllstar7©

As the blur of people passed by her through the window, Kate contemplated for the tenth time whether it would be a good idea to be out there in the busy streets, or in the car she was currently seated in. Well seated in was a loose way to put it, she was handcuffed in a cop car, forced to sit in the front seat, and more pressingly, naked.

She thought streaking to her girlfriend's home last night would be a sexy idea, to spice up their sex life, and it was. The trouble was the following morning when she realized she didn't have any clothing to cover herself with to get home in broad daylight, and unfortunately, she barely made it a few steps before she ran into a police officer, Stephanie. The same cop that busted her for indecent exposure a couple of weeks back. Of course, she wasn't arrested but merely made a sexual plaything to the cop that night.

Kate squirmed a bit as the car slowed down at another red light, she slouched down in her seat to hide her small breasts from being seen by people passing by on the sidewalk. A small chuckle to her right got her attention.

"Now you're feeling shy?" Stephanie said, as she looked at the young blonde and openly ogling her exposed body. "If I remember correctly I found you naked on the streets with your legs spread open."

Kate blushed at the reminder, not her proudest moment. Yes, she got off on exposing her naked body in public, but it didn't mean she actually wanted to be seen!

"That was an accident." She mumbled, keeping her face down to hide her blush.

"Oh?" Stephanie smirked "Because every time we meet you seem to have left your home without any clothes on. If you're telling me some bastard has robbed you of your clothing twice I'd be more than willing to take you to the station now and have you file a report."

Kate felt a pit in her stomach, she didn't want to go to the police station. She could imagine all the looks she'd get from the male officers as Stephanie dragged her all around, she wouldn't be able to cover herself. They'd see her tiny tits and big butt jiggling at trying to hide, and as her eyes rested on her small bush, they'd see she wasn't a natural blonde.

"No, no!" Kate said, shaking her head.

The light turned green and Stephanie continued driving. "I'm not sure, we're almost at the station anyway, and I wouldn't be doing my job to not help a citizen in trouble."

Kate's eyes widened as she saw the station up ahead, she could already see dozens of officers by the front entrance mingling about. She started to squirm in her seat more, trying just trying to break free from the cuffs and be able to use her hands to cover herself, but they held firm.

Stephanie turned on the turning blinker, oh god the cop was going to parade her around like a Thanksgiving parade float.

She closed her eyes as they got closer, hoping that maybe this was just a sick wet dream and she'd wake up with her face buried in the giant pillows that were her girlfriend's large bust.

Seconds passed by and they didn't slow down, Kate just kept her eyes tightly shut, any moment now. She felt the car make a turn, she knew they were almost at the police station. She could practically imagine everyone's surprise when she's dragged through the station completely nude, all the the officers commentating on her body.

"Not the biggest bust you've done Stephanie." She imagined the officers would say, making fun of her small chest.


Her heart was racing as she could feel the car slowing down, this was it, she was about to experience the most humiliating moment of her life. Not able to take it anymore she slowly opened her eyes, dreading what she was about to see.

Her eyes opened and once she adjusted to the brightness of the morning sunlight, she saw a car in front of her, actually it was a lineup of cars. Frowning as she looked around, she saw that this wasn't a police station, in fact Stephanie had driven past it.

"Where are you taking me?" Kate asked nervously.

Stephanie gave a small chuckle, well aware of Kate's internal panic attack. "Figured I'd grab some food before I bring you to the station."

Kate looked up ahead and saw the line up was towards a McDonalds drive-thru. Kate rested her head back on the seat and sighed in relief. Then her eyes shot open and she looked back at Stephanie.

"But won't someone see me when you get your food at the window!?" She half screamed.

Stephanie just shrugged, not bothering to answer her question. Instead rolling down her window at the speaker box.

"Hi, welcome to McDonalds, what can I get for you?" A static voice asked through a speaker box.

Kate flinched, though the speaker couldn't see her, it meant they were getting closer.

"Hi, I would like a sausage biscuit, Kate want anything?" She asked, turning her head towards her.

Kate just frantically shook her head. "Can we please le-" the cop placed a finger on her lips, quieting her.

"That'll be everything." Stephanie finished.

"That'll be $3.15 at the window." The voice responded.

Kate didn't bother rolling up her windows as she started to drive forward.

"Come on, you must have a blanket, or something to cover me!" Kate started to squirm in her seat as they were one car away from a very lucky employee about to see a naked surprise.

"I do, it's just in the trunk." Stephanie said simply, a smug grin on her face, oh that bitch was enjoying this.

"Please, just drive forward, don't stop!" But Kate's pleas fell on death ears as the car slowed down right before a window.

Kate saw the window start to open, unable to cover herself due to the cuffs, she turned her face to the side hiding her face.

"Hi there, that'll be $3.1-" The employee paused mid sentence, Kate could feel her face heat up as she knew it was because they finally saw the nude person in the passenger seat.

"Oh, sorry. Picked up a streaker a couple minutes before. Say hi to the nice employee Kate." Stephanie said. Kate just kept her head turned away, hiding her face, trying to hold some sort of dignity.

"Don't be rude Kate, or else I'll make sure your processing at the station will be a very long process." She shivered upon hearing her threat.

She bit her lip and made a small noise in frustration before turning her head. She saw the employee was a teenage boy, probably his first job. The poor kid looked shocked, she was probably the first naked woman he saw.

"Hi." She said awkwardly, giving her best attempt at a smile but sure it looked creepy and nervous looking.

"I gotta take a picture of this." Was the first thing he muttered breaking his shock, and before Kate could react she saw his camera pointed at her and a picture snapped. She screamed and turned her head, someone had taken a picture of her naked!

"Here's a $5 dollar, keep the change." Stephanie said handing him a bill and taking her food.

Soon they drove away, much to Stephanie's laughter. Kate finally turned her head back to her, her face full of anger, she was enjoying humiliating her!

"I can't believe you did that! He has a picture of me fucking naked!" She snapped.

"I thought he was taking a picture of a strong woman in a police uniform, my bad." She responded, simply shrugging her shoulders.

Kate bit her lip and felt like screaming, but considering they were still driving in a parking lot she didn't want anymore attention on her. She pouted as she sat back in her seat, wondering how much longer Stephanie was going to humiliate her like this.

"Hmmm, I forgot to order a drink." Stepahnie mused as she glanced down at her food bag.

"Great, another trip through drive-thru." Kate muttered sarcastically.

"No, I prefer can over fountain drinks. Going to stop at the grocery store." The dark haired officer replied pulling onto the main road.

Kate perked up at that comment, she wasn't going to be dragged back to drive-thru? She smiled a little, yes she would probably be left in the car still cuffed, but it beat another person seeing her naked.

Soon they pulled into a parking lot to a local grocery chain, she felt herself start to get nervous as she realized this was the same store she frequented to pick up food. She could feel an arousal spike in her as while shopping she'd fantasies about walking through the store naked. She clamped her legs tight trying to stop that thought.

Stephanie pulled in around the outside of the lot, there weren't many cars parked closeby, she sighed in relief at that. She heard her car door unlocking, frowning she looked back to see Stephanie digging through her purse.

"What pop do you like?" The cop asked.

Well at least she was considerate enough to buy her a drink while she was out. "Um, I guess Coke, but not much of a pop drinker."

"Anything else?"


"I like lemonade." Kate shrugged.

"Perfect, here's some money, just grab me a can of lemonade, and if you feel hungry grab yourself something else." She said, pulling out a bill and holding it in front of her.

Kate just looked confused, she didn't actually expect her to go out and buy her something?


Stephanie's eyes lit up in realization. "Oh, right how silly of me."

Kate just smiled, good she wasn't actually serious.

"You'll need these off, don't want anyone thinking you're an escapee." Before Kate could argue she felt Stephanie turn her roughly, having her bare backside facing her, before she felt the cuffs loosen and pulled off her wrists.

Kate immediately massaged her free wrists, soothing her sore wrists. She glanced over to see Stephnie staring at her. Her hands went straight to covering her breasts and pussy.

"Really? I fucked you over my cruiser and you're still shy?" She commented.

Kate felt her face heat as much as she remembered her first meeting with Stephanie. She wanted to argue but as crude as it was, she had a point. Closing her eyes and sighing in frustration she dropped her arms onto her lap.

"Good, now that's settled, you can get me a drink." Kate frowned at her, there was still a problem with her LACK OF CLOTHING.

"Seriously?" Kate said.

"What's wrong?"

"What's wrong? I'm not wearing anything!" Kate screamed.

"Oh right, how can I forget." Stephanie said rummaging through her bag. She soon pulled out a black fabric and put it on her lap.

Kate quickly grabbed it eager to put clothes on, only frown as she noticed it was small, actually it was tiny, actually it wasn't even clothing!

"A mask?" Kate asked incredulously, waving the tiny thing at her.

"We are in the middle of a pandemic Kate." Stephanie stated matter of factly.

Kate clenched the mask in her hand, she was trying very hard to not snap and unleash her anger on the cop, ever since she'd been cuffed and driven away Stephanie had taken every opportunity to humiliate and infuriate her. Oh she knew what she was doing tormenting her, it almost made her wish she'd just do her job and take her into the station just to end the suffering, almost.

"You know what I meant!" She said through clenched teeth. "I'm not going to walk fucking nude in a grocery store for your pleasure!"

Kate noticed Stephanie glance down at her lap and then back up at her. "I thought you people got off on being naked in public? Isn't that how this started?"

"Okay yes I do, but only when it makes me aroused, not because I'm being forced too." Kate admitted, by this point it was no secret to the cop her sexual fetish.

"Oh? Am I to believe you just soiled yourself, or ever since I mentioned you picking me up a soda has made you horny?" Kate smirked motioning to her lap.

Confused, Kate glanced down, and her eyes popped up. She was leaking like a faucet! Her dark bush was coated in her juices, and she could see her seat stained. Blushing, she quickly clamped her legs and placed her hands in front of her pussy trying to hide it.

The cop laughed, and that just further infuriated Kate. Anytime she found the courage to stand up for herself, her body betrayed her. Yes, she was obviously aroused. As soon as Stephanie said to grab her a drink, her mind imagined herself walking through a grocery store she goes to everyday, naked. She felt a shiver run through her at everyone's reaction to her.

"Tell you what, if you grab me a drink, then I won't bring you into the station." Stephanie proposed.

Kate looked back, she stared at Stephanie to see if it was just another one of her ploys to torment her, but the cop looked serious.

"You-, you won't bring me in? You'll let me go?" Kate asked.

"Yup." Stephanie nodded, she glanced down at her watch. "Better decide quickly, I have to be back in an hour, with or without a nude cutey in my car."

Kate bit her lip as she turned around to look at the store, they were too far away to see if it was busy, but just from the amount of cars parked and the location it had to have a lot of people in it. Still, one person seeing her naked was bad enough, was she seriously going to expose herself to dozens of people?

Sure she'd always imagine what it would be like to walk through the grocery isles nude, but that was a fantasy for a reason. But the alternative was sitting in a police cell nude for god knows how long, at least this option she could live out her own fantasy. She could feel the hand covering her pussy

Not even bothering to give an answer she fastened the masked over her face, at least this way she could hide her identity. She gave one last look over at Stephanie, the cop just smiled and motioned to her clock. She peered through the window to make sure no one was within eyesight, satisfied she opened the door slowly.

She was immediately hit with a blast of cold air, she hissed as her skin was covered in goosebumps and her nipples stiffened in attention. Crouching low she moved quickly to a nearby car as cover. Kate peered over the hood to see only a few people out putting bags in their car. She stayed low as she started moving through rows and rows of cars, being careful to look ahead and make sure the coast was clear.

She could hear her heart beat faster after every row passed, each step meant she was closer and closer to degrading herself. A car passing by on her right caused her to panic as she laid down flat on the ground, she squirmed as a car passed right in front of her. A familiar arousal spiked through her body as another person almost saw her naked. The rough cement on her bare body made sure she didn't forget how royally fucked she was. The blonde didn't know how long she stayed down, but once she felt her racing heart start to slow, she finally mustered up the courage to sit on her knees and once again peer over the car.

Kate was so focused on making sure no one outside saw her, that she overlooked the two men sitting in their car. Who were parked right behind her and had a clear view of her large rear right in front of them.

*HONK*

Kate screamed and jumped as a car horn went off behind her, she looked behind her wide as eyes as she saw two men sitting in their car their phones pointed at her. One leaned his out the window.

"Did you butt dial? Cause I swear that ass is calling me!" He hollered, his buddy laughing at his joke.

Kate felt herself flush at the attention she was getting, not even thinking she started to run towards the store, she could hear more shouts and honks from the men but she just ran faster. She could hear the car start and soon follow her.

"Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me." She muttered under her mask.

The front entrance was luckily empty, with the car right behind her she used one last burst of speed and barged right through the door. If she was thinking clearly Kate would've tried to quietly walk inside and hope no one noticed her immediately, no she stupidly banged loudly on the door and now everyone, customers and employees alike were staring at her.

She thanked whatever god there was she was wearing a mask, because it hid the giant blush forming on her face. Nearly a hundred people stood in front of her staring at her naked body, a clear view of her small tits, and blonde bush. Every instinct told her to screw Stephanie and run, but to where? She was still a fair bit from home.

She could see people murmuring to each other in confusion at the naked woman appearing, and others pulled out their phones to record her.

Kate was about to cover herself in panic, but she stopped. Her mind flashed to her girlfriend Diane, more specifically the first time she saw her naked.

She could remember it vividly, she was working at her desk going through another report at work, when she started hearing a commotion. Kate glanced up and her eyes nearly bulged out as in the middle of the office in front of a dozen coworkers was a naked Diane walking past them. Her jaw dropped as she absorbed every inch of exposed skin, her milky pale thighs as she walked, further up she was welcomed with a sight of small dark bush hiding her treasure, she unconsciously licked her lips, then up her curved hips, and then her eyes landed on the dark haired woman's best features.

"Yes! Her tits are real! Emma owes me 5 bucks!" The words escaping her mouth before she could think, as she saw the biggest and perkiest tits of her life bounce right in front of her as a naked Diane cradling her breasts walked by right in front of her.

A few weeks after they started dating Kate asked her about that day, and what gave her the courage to walk nude in front of so many people. Diane had pondered it for a moment, and explained that as embarrassed as she was to be forced naked, if she acted as normal as possible pretending to be confident, then people wouldn't pay as much attention after the initial shock then to a woman screaming in embarrassment and trying to hide her body.

Kate sighed, using that same logic she kept her hands to her side as she grabbed a basket and proceeded to walk further inside. She could feel so many eyes staring at her butt as she walked.

"Just pretend it's another day shopping at Tesco, like you do everyday. Just naked." She told herself, trying to build herself up.

Just her luck all the drinks were located at the back of the store. Trying to contain her shaky breathing she put one foot forward and made her way over.

The naked blonde could see heads turning in surprise at her, eyes in all directions.

"You see the naked chick right!?"

"What is she even doing?"

Yet for everyone's whispering there was no yelling, no outrage, and as she made a quick glance back she noticed everyone returning to their own shopping. She would kiss Diane next time she saw her.

Unfortunately for Kate the attention was a welcome distraction, but now that everyone was back to minding her business, it reminded her of her current predicament. As she walked along the crowded aisle, her bare feet slapping against the tile floored, it reminded her just how naked she was, and that excited her.

She bit her lip as the further inside she got the more she was reminded of how she walked these very same steps any other day. Her pussy lips twitched at the thought, no, she has to keep her mind off of it, she was barely maintaining a charade on her nudity, she would visibly die of embarrassment if people found out she got off on it.

"Is she a nudist?" A voice whispered behind her.

"Maybe just doing it for attention?"

"Of course she is, her hair is blonde and bush is dark haired, the slut is practically begging for attention." A college girl voiced, not even bothering to be discreet.

Kate blushed as she heard everyone talking about her body.

She finally reached the fridges containing drinks. She grabbed the handle and pulled it open. She hissed as her bare body was hit by a blast of cold air, instantly making her nipples stand out and goose bumps to form over her skin. She quickly reached in and grabbed the can of lemonade.

She gulped as she started making her way back. No matter how hard she tried to zone out, trying to find a happy place to block all the stares and whispers, it was no use. Her bare feet slapping on the tile floor, her body jiggling with each step, and the ac going on were all reminders of how naked she was.

"Damn, that ass hasn't stopped jiggling."

"Good thing she has a big ass, she barely has any tits."

Kate wanted nothing more than to cradle her tiny breasts and hide them from those rude comments. Yet, for all those comments it was just causing her arousal to spike.

She nearly groaned out loud as she saw that every cashier had a long line up, not wanting to waste any more time she stood in the line closest to her. She fidgeted as she was now forced to stay in place. The blonde kept her head down and closed her eyes, trying to not make eye contact with anyone. God this was so embarrassing.

"Do you have any bills?" Kate's head perked up, a man in front of her in line asked. She could see the man looking to the side, his cheeks a bit pink, and eyes averted anywhere but her.

Kate bit her lip as she wasn't sure how to respond. "Uh, yes." She said quietly, the same bill Stephanie gave her.

"Uh, do you mind if I give you coins for them? I need bus fare." He pulled out some coins.

"Su-sure!" She said hastily, holding her hand out with the money.

For the first time his head turned to her, and Kate saw his eyes glance down briefly down her body before looking back up. She quietly whimpered at another person seeing her body, most likely making silent judgements about her figure and why she was doing this.

The man took the coins and handed her the bill, and then turned back as the line slowly moved forward. As happy as she was for him not being looking at her and talking to her, a strange part of her felt disappointed. As embarrassing as it was to have someone stare at her nude body, it felt exhilarating to have a normal conversation with someone in her lack of dress.

Her mind flashed to earlier in the pandemic when she would have zoom calls with her co-workers, they were unaware she wasn't wearing anything. Kate remembered how turned on it felt to just have a simple conversation nude. She bit her lip at the memory of it. She didn't notice but her thighs were gently rubbing against one another as she stood in line.

"So, got any plans?" The blonde eyes widened as the words left her mouth, what was she doing?

The man looked back at her unexpectedly, he frowned as he scratched the back of his head. "Yeah, going to my mates place for supper." He said a bit awkwardly.

"Sounds fun. Just the two of you?" God, why was she making this so awkward and worse for her!?

"Mhmm, can't have too many people together." He replied.

"Yeah, it was just my girlfriend and I yesterday, lots of fun." She could see a few heads turn at the mention of her partner, oh great, naked and announcing she's a lesbian, why doesn't she start fingering herself, she's on a roll humiliating herself.

A click and then a flash, got hers and the man's attention. She looked behind her and saw a man holding up his phone and a sheepish look on his face. He clearly was trying to discreetly take a picture of her and the idiot forgot he had the flash on.

She should've felt disgusted, but it just turned her on knowing. It was then everything she was trying to push down was about to come out. Her legs were shaking as her arousal spiked,her lower lips twitched, her eyes widened as she knew what was coming. It was like her body was telling her she had to pee with only a couple second warning.

"I-I have to go!" Kate suddenly announced. She pushed past the guy to the cashier. "Here!" She handed her all the money she had, not caring if it was the incorrect amount as she ran to the exit.

Kate squirmed as she hastily walked across the parking lot, trying very hard to keep her legs shut and hide how much her juices were flowing. The constant squishing sound of her wet coated thighs rubbing up against each other seemed like the loudest sound in a busy parking lot to her. She bit her lip as she could feel an orgasm about to come.

"Not here, please." She begged her body, as she knew what was going to happen.

She cut across a couple cars, a few honks could be heard as she passed by moving cars, she didn't bother focusing on them. She was almost there, she could see Stephanie in the front seat waving at her through the front mirror.

Her foot tripped over a small rock, Kate stumbled as she fell on the hood of the cruiser. Whether it was the unexpected motion, or the memory of the last time she was bent over naked on the hood of a cops car, her pussy lips twitched and her walls tightened as she started to cum.

"Oooooooh!" She moaned out loud through her mask as her body shuddered, not even caring if anyone was watching, as she humped the car, trying to prolong the orgasm. Kate unconsciously spread her legs trying to prolong the orgasm, giving anyone behind her a clear view of her squirting pussy and asshole.

Eventually the orgasm faded, and she was left leaning her front half on the car, panting heavily through the mask.

"If you're done cumming I'd like to leave, my shift starts soon!" Stephanie hollered.

Kate's sense immediately came back to her, as she realized what she just did, in public no less. She glanced back to see only a few people had caught her show. Thankful for the millionth time that her blushing face was hidden from everyone, she hastily scrambled to the passenger seat of the cop car. Thankful to finally have some sort of cover as she shut the door to the staring world.

She glanced over at Stephanie, her eyes screaming 'Get the fuck out of here now!', but the cop just stared at her.

Eventually her hazed mind finally clicked in, after just cumming like crazy she somehow managed to keep a deathgrip on the can of lemonade, the cause of all her humiliation. Sighing heavily she handed it to Stephanie and leaned back in her seat.

"See, just a simple errand Kate, thank you." She smiled at her before turning the car on and pulling out.

Kate rolled her eyes at the word simple errand, as she removed her mask and was thankful to finally go home.

"Though I didn't expect a drink and a show." The older woman said, taking a sip.

Kate just wanted the chair to swallow her whole in humiliation. Not trusting her voice she just kept her head down.

"Did you atleast get your honey mostly on the road? Can't tell you how long it took to clean this car after you came all over it weeks ago." She continued to talk.

Kate groaned at the memory, it's bad enough that hundreds of people have seen her naked, and now she's being reminded of her earlier humiliation. Yet she didn't notice she was unconsciously rubbing her thighs together as Stepahnie continued to speak.

"Can't imagine how you felt standing in front of everyone naked like that, you probably have wet dreams about that."

Kate bit her lip, Stephanie's words were starting to drive her crazy, her pussy twitching at each word. What was the older woman trying to do!?

"I wonder how many people thought you got off on it, I mean it was either that or it looks like you can't hold your bladder."

Her legs were tightly shut at that point, her hands gripping her legs, trying to use any sense of self control to not touch herself. She just came, she couldn't possibly be this horny so soon!

Kate couldn't find the words to respond, Stephanie's teasing just serving to send more waves of embarrassing arousal through her naked body. She could feel her body heating up just as much as it did when she was on a conference call with her co-workers, unaware she was naked during it.

A small moan escaped her lips when the car hit a small pothole, causing her to inadvertently adjust in her seat and rub her pussy against the seat.

"I wonder how many time's you touched yourself imagining yourself naked in public?"

Kate hadn't noticed her hand subconsciously slip between her legs and begin to rub her outer lips, her breathing getting heavier as the teasing continued.

"Oh? Seems someone can't control themselves."

She could barely hear Stephanie's words as she began circling her quivering clit, her juices running out of her as she continued masturbating. She didn't care anymore, she had humiliated herself so much today, being seen by the fast food employee, walking into Tesco naked, having people talk about her body, it was all building, she needed to release it.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck." Kate cried, as her index finger curled inside her, hitting the right spot. She could feel the car slow down, but her finger went faster, pumping in and out of her wet pussy.

"Ahhhh!" With a muffled cry, Kate came by her own hands, her body once again shuddering at her orgasm, her toes curling on the car floor, her hand did not let up on her clit, stimulating her throughout her climax. Waves after waves of pleasure descending upon her.

Her hands finally stopped, as she slouched against her seat, exhausted. Coming down from her orgasm, Kate's senses slowly started returning to her, she blushed as she saw Stephanie staring right at her, that damn smirk on her face.

"Enjoying the show?" Kate said sarcastically.

The cop just shrugged. "I did, but I think your audience liked it more.."

She was confused for a moment by what she meant, until she could hear muttering behind her, turning around she saw a small group of people staring right at her, some shocked, others glaring, and a few holding their phones out. As her hand was quickly removed from her pussy, it stumbled upon her now removed mask. She cried out as they were getting a clear view of her face, she ducked below the window trying to hide.

Kate's body flushed red as she realized all those people had watched herself masturbate. The problem got worse as she realized that at some point Stephanie had rolled down the window, they heard everything.

"What a slut, no wonder she's being arrested."

"Shame on you, do you have no self-respect!?"

Kate shirked in her seat from the scolding, luckily the light turned green and her audience soon got smaller as they pulled away.

The car finally slowed down again five minutes later, Kate glanced outside the window, she expected to see her home, but she didn't recognize the neighbourhood. In fact she didn't recognize any of the houses. It was then her eyes fell on a car, she immediately recognized it as her car. She was back at her girlfriends place!

"I thought you were taking me home?" Kate asked, a bit confused.

"At first, but Nicole sent me a text telling me to drop you off here." Stephanie replied, showing her a text.

Kate narrowed her eyes in confusion, was Nicole her boss? No, why would her boss be interested in a streaker. Nicole was also the name of her online friend....no, that had to be a coincidence.

"This Nicole wouldn't happen to be a redhead right?" She just had to know for certain.

"Yup." The cop replied.

"And big boobs?" Kate asked, a pit forming in her stomach.

"Large titties." Oh that bitch, Nicole, her online friend was screwing with her!? It made sense, Nicole was the only one who knew when she went out streaking, how else did she have horrible luck in running into Stephanie both times she went out nude. Oh she was going to kill the redhead for this.

"Anyway I'm sure you and Nicole have a lot to talk about, but I have a shift about to start. It was fun spending the morning with you, maybe we can hang out in the afternoon next time!" Before Kate could argue any further, Stephanie reached past her, opened her door and shoved her outside in broad daylight.

Reacting quicker then she did just an hour ago she ran towards her car, she was thankful it wasn't as busy and the streets were empty. Her luck was finally turning as she saw her car ahead of her. Unfortunately this morning seemed to suck for poor old Kate as she was about to open her door and climb in, when she cried out. There was a wheel clamp on her front tire. She wasn't going to be driving out of her anytime soon, and with Diane at work, it meant she was stuck naked, far from home, and had to call a tow truck to pick her up, she had no idea how she was going to explain this. 

