Sabrina the Substitute Teacher
By Ewong

Sabrina the Substitute Teacher in Wood Shop

After Sabrina’s embarrassing assignment of washing a statue of her naked figure, she was so humiliated that she wanted to quit her job and find another school that would welcome her experience. However, she realized only Jessica knew for certain that the statue was of her, but she couldn’t trust the girl not to tell her friends and classmates. So, she made it her sole purpose to make sure Jessica wouldn’t tell another living soul the truth about that infernal statue. She was sure that the whole of the student body, as well as their parents, would be ogling the statue and comparing its solid bronze attributes to the soft flesh she was covering. 

She marched inside the building to ask for a room assignment from Mr. Head, and he was elated at her attitude, remarking that he wished more substitute teachers were like her. She welcomed the flattery, but asked if he actually had any jobs for her.

“Oh, yes. Mr. Barnables, the wood shop teacher, had to leave suddenly when his arthritic hip acted up and he couldn’t stand up and help the students with their projects. I think Jessica is in that class, and should help you should you need it.”

“Oh, thank you, Rick. I’ll do my best to make sure they’re safely working on their projects!”

Sabrina grabbed the key from Mr. Head’s open palm and darted toward the wood workshop. At this point, it should be known that Jessica has been talking about Sabrina’s “mishaps” along with the students from those classes to corroborate. As such, a large portion of the student body knows that she has a difficult time keeping her clothes on around Jessica. So, when Jessica made sure Mr. Barnables went home sick today (Salmonella really works quick!), she told everyone that Sabrina would be gracing their room with her presence. 

Wearing a light sundress, she entered the workshop as if she knew what she was doing. She got to what she thought was her desk, but stepped away when she saw the circular blade sticking out of it.

“Careful, Teach! Wouldn’t want nothing messing up that pretty face of yours!” Jessica teased.

The room erupted in laughter, half for the joke, but also the flimsy allusion to the statue. Sabrina cleared her throat and began her introduction.

“Now, I know you all have your assignments, so I’ll let you have at them. I’m afraid I can only assist you for safety precautions as I have no idea how these machines work.”

Jessica smiled inwardly at Sabrina’s admission. She was going to have a LOT of fun! As the students went about their projects, Sabrina tried to keep a watchful eye on her pupils, making sure they wore eye protection and weren’t being careless around the sharp tools.

“Teach, could you come here for a sec?” Jessica called.

Sabrina trudged over to her problem student and tried to figure out what she was making.

“Yes, Jessica?”

“Oh, I just wanted to know if you thought this looked like a pickle. I’m trying to make a pickle, but I’m worried that it looks more like a zucchini, banana, or a wiener.”

“A…a WHAT?!” Sabrina’s face turned crimson. Half from ager, half from embarrassment.

“You know, Teach. A wiener! I could really go for one right now!”

A few chuckles emerged from the background.

“I will not allow such language, young lady!”

“What? I’m hungry. I can’t have a hankering for some hot dogs?” Jessica asked innocently.

“You really try my patience, Jessica.”

“And you DRY mine. Are you going to help me or not?”

“Very well. I think it’s a lovely pickle, and anyone who says different is jealous.”

“Thanks. Let me just carve off this last bit…” Jessica intoned.

The girl picked up a small, but sharp-looking, knife from the table and made to whittle the pickle. Jessica mimicked the action being difficult before swinging her arms outward, and toward Sabrina. The woman had no time to react and took a large step back. Jessica smiled as she saw her plan work perfectly. Directly behind Sabrina was a lathe where another student was currently turning a block of wood into a baseball bat. The problem with lathes, is that they spin very fast, and if something would get caught, say an article of clothing, it will spool around the late until either the garment ripped off or made it so tight, the wearer suffers minor injuries. In Sabrina’s case, her light dress didn’t stand a chance. Once the fabric touched the lathe, it spooled so fast, the dress essentially ripped off her body!

Luckily, she regained her balance before she fell onto the lathe, and that would’ve been worse on her bare flesh. She took a moment to compose herself before taking stock of her cover. She was relived that she was alright, but was embarrassed by being stripped in front of the students again. She at least looked on the bright side that she still had her bra and panties on, a fact not lost on Jessica, nor the other students.

“Just a minor mishap. Everything’s fine!” she proclaimed to the class. 

Sabrina went to extricate her dress from the lathe, but saw it really would be a futile effort. However, the student needed to continue working on his project, so the dress had to be removed one way or another. Jessica was first with a pair of scissors, making cuts everywhere. Sabrina wasn’t sure such small cuts were necessary, but she didn’t want to come between Jessica when she held sharp tools. After a few minutes, the lathe was cleared and everything went back to normal. Except for the fact the teacher was now conducting class in her underwear.

A student soon asked for Sabrina’s assistance with a project, and she quickly stood next to the girl making a pizza paddle. The girl was in cahoots with Jessica, so she made sure Sabrina leaned over to “inspect the beauty of the grain”. Jessica readied her hacksaw and drew back at the right moment. With her arm pulled back, over Sabrina’s ample bottom, the saw’s teeth found Sabrina’s panties. With a quick thrust forward, the garment’s waistband was severed. The remnants quickly cascaded down to Sabrina’s ankle, to everyone else’s enjoyment.

“Jessica, you did that on purpose!”

“Sorry, Tech. It was just bad timing. I was just trying to make a stand for my wooden pickle. It’s just so HARD!”

The students chuckled at the pun, but Sabrina wasn’t laughing. She cupped her hands over her exposed vulva and carefully walked to her desk. She managed to extricate the ruined garment and promptly threw it in the trashcan. She sat down, vowing NEVER to stand up for the remainder of the lesson. That sentiment was a bit on the nose, as she soon found she really COULDN’T stand up! Her bare ass was glued to the seat! Further, she tried to pry herself off by using her hands by her hips, but they became stuck as well!

“My finish! It’s ruined!” Jessica screamed.

The girl rushed over to Sabrina, acting like she’d just sat on her cherished pet.

“I know you’ve had it out for me before, but this is a new low, Teach!”

“What? What did I do?”

“You know full well that I’ve been waiting for that chair’s finish to dry the entire time, but you just had to sabotage my grade! It’s ruined now!”

“Oh my, I had no idea. I just thought this was the teacher’s chair.”

“The teacher’s desk is over there! This is where all the finished projects are left!”

Sabrina looked to where the desk was supposed to be, and could distinctly see pencils, paper, and even a stapler on the table, indicating its normal use.

“I’m truly sorry, Jessica. I didn’t mean for you to get a bad grade. I’ll tell Mr. Barnables when he gets back to make sure he gives you full marks on this project.”

“It’s not for THIS class, Teach. It’s for the Pep Rally after class.”

“Oh, I’m sure the school will let you use another chair…”

“I made it special for you, Teach! You were supposed to be front and center, as the inspiration for the school!”

“Really?”

“Yes, and now you’ve ruined your own seat!” Jessica whined, near tears.

“I’m sure we can still a different chair…”

“But you’re still stuck to this one! You can’t possibly attend the Pep Rally dressed in only a bra!”

“For once, we agree on something.”

“I got it! That bra has to go.”

“And, we’re back to being polar opposites…”

“No, we can cover you in body paint, Teach! It will cause quite a stir, but it should work. What do you think?”

“I suppose I have little choice, don’t I?”

“YAY!!!!”

After the bell rang, Jessica went to work. She quickly cut off Sabrina’s bra, and threw it away. She took body paint from the art room in the school’s colors: Red and White. Their mascot was The Chili Pepper. Jessica covered Sabrina’s body in white paint, then went about painting red Chili shapes all over her body. Of course, she had to cover Sabrina’s nipples with them as well, but she added a few slogans on her chest: HOT AND SPICY!!! READY TO EXPLODE!!!

“Teach, I didn’t want to ruin my surprise earlier. This isn’t a wooden pickle. It’s a wooden Chili! I made a special stand for it on the front of the chair!”

Jessica revealed a wide wooden dowel that was attached to the now painted Red Chili Pepper. She went to see where to put it, but Sabrina’s legs were in the way. No matter how hard she tried, her legs were in the way. Jessica had planned this, and she saw the place she REALLY intended to put it was wide open. Sabrina was shocked to feel the dowel enter her vulva and penetrate a full five inches before Jessica stopped.

“Jessica, please. What are you doing?”

“Just trying to make you pretty, Teach. I almost forgot…”

Jessica reached down and flicked a switch. The Chili Pepper sprung to life as it began to wiggle side to side. Sabrina thought it looked cute, until she felt some…unintended side effects through the dowel.

“Jessica, um…”

“Isn’t it cute? I took the motor out of a drill, and hooked it up to this lever system so all it does is spin and it makes the Chili dance!”

Before Sabrina could protest, she was being wheeled to the auditorium.

“Get ready, Teach! I’m sure many in attendance today won’t wanna forget this!”


Sabrina the Substitute at the Pep Rally

As Sabrina was dragged along the hallway, she was momentarily shocked to hear footsteps in addition to Jessica’s. Since Jessica was dragging the chair by the back, Sabrina was pointed in the opposite direction of where they were headed. She tried to look behind her to see who the new person was, and if she had anything to worry about. Before she could ask who it was, they began to speak.

“I hope the Guest of Honor is ready for her big moment!” Michelle, one of Jessica’s subordinates in the cheerleading squad, declared.

Sabrina knew Michelle. The girl had been going on and on about how she’d make a great addition to the squad. Sabrina had passed on many occasions, but now she vaguely remembers an exchange they had a few days ago, just before her body seemed to e on constant show. Michelle had asked her to be part of the Pep Rally, but as usual, Sabrina declined. The girl insisted, wanting to please her “favorite” teacher by making her the star attraction. Sabrina felt uneasy about the proposal, but allowed Michelle to continue. The girl explained that Sabrina would be placed on a platform in the middle of the GYM. She would be sitting down the whole time, and only act as a centerpiece during the cheerleaders did their new routine on the platform. Sabrina caved and figured that sitting on a chair on a raised platform while girls danced around her wasn’t the most dignified display, but she figured it wouldn’t hurt.

“Don’t worry, Ms. Kelley. Jessica has worked out the choreography and everything will be perfect! Just make sure you stay seated as some of our girls will be leaping over you.” Michelle explained.

Sabrina tried to steady her nerves by taking deep breaths. However, all this did was to suddenly remind her of the wooden sex toy lodged in her most private place. As the Chile kept dancing, the dowel kept vibrating. It was a low setting, so Sabrina wasn’t in any danger…yet.

Michele and Jessica pushed the doors to the GYM open and dragged her a few more feet before more cheerleaders circled around her.

“Okay, Teach. We’re gonna lift you onto the platform, so don’t struggle or you might throw us off balance.” Jessica explained.

Six girls grabbed part of the chair and counted to three before lifting the chair above their heads. They moved a couple feet before leaning slightly over the platform and resting her on the edge, where Jessica and Michelle grabbed on and pulled her the rest of the way onto the platform. The stage was five feet above the ground, but it was massive. It practically covered the entire floor. The reason for the platform was that it was made of soft plastic and rubber, with several trampolines built in for additional acrobatics and safety. The stage was a dark blue, but was decorated with streamers and signs in the school’s colors, emphasizing “Pepper Pride!”

In the middle was a hill, which had four holes in it. Jessica and Michelle dragged the chair over to it and Sabrina found that the chair’s legs fit directly into the holes. Looking back up, Sabrina was surprised to see a giant red sheet descending over her.

“Sorry, Teach, but we don’t want to ruin the surprise for everyone. Don’t worry, you’ll be greeting the entire school with that fabulous body in no time!” Jessica teased.

With a pat on the head, Jessica and Michelle left the all but naked teacher in the GYM. A few minutes passed, and she could hear the rush of students arriving and taking their seats. She heard some murmurs about what was under the sheet, but couldn’t make out any guesses. Then, when all her patience had been nearly drained from her, she heard Principal Head welcome everyone. He explained that since this was during the spring, none of the sports teams would be participating. A chorus of “boo’s” echoed through the GYM before Principal Head quieted them down again.

“You might notice the rather large stage placed over here. It was bought and constructed for the purpose of entertaining you, the students. So, for the duration of this Pep Rally, you will be seeing the Cheer Squad perform a special routine for us today. One with a very special guest, but you’ll find out who it is later. Without further ado, here are your TNA Chile Pepper Cheerleaders!” the Principal announced.

Thunderous applause roared from the stands as Sabrina heard the music begin. She wished she could see what was happening, and soon enough, the sheet was yanked off, baring her for all to see. The music cut out, and the cheerleaders all froze in several modest poses.

A pregnant silence swept over the crowd as they all began to recognize her, and more importantly, what she was (or wasn’t) wearing. A few seconds passed before the crowd roared again, loving the surprise. The music cut in again with a different tune and the girls began to flip and jump and cartwheel around her. She could only force herself to smile as the girls danced around her, and all she had was a thin layer of paint separating her naked flesh from 3000 students and faculty members. Then, she suddenly felt the ground rumble near her. She looked around for its source when a girl flew over her head! The crowd cheered as more girls flung themselves from every direction, but still sailed over her head.

That was when she made a grave discovery: The paint was smearing! As the girls sailed over her, their skirts or hands would graze her shoulder or neck. As she looked down at herself, she saw patches of bare skin on her shoulders and chest. She realized her arms were touching her body, and when she separated them, the paint on her body stuck to her arms. She just hoped she wouldn’t sweat too much to wash away anything. She tried to calm down, but then realized it made her feel the vibrations from the dowel more. What was worse is that it seemed like the vibrations were getting stronger. Sabrina looked down and saw the Chile was dancing a bit faster than she remembered, but pushed the notion out of her mind.

Sabrina turned her attention to the crowd, trying to see if they knew what was happening to her (limited) amount of modesty left. As she scanned the crowd, her eyes fell on a man (or was it a boy?) with a video camera on a tripod. Her embarrassment hit a new high as she realized she was being recorded! Unbeknownst to her, the camera feed was linked to the newly-installed large LED screen behind her. The school hosted many things in the GYM other than sporting events, so the screen was used more than a glorified Jumbo-tron. However, it was now showcasing Sabrina’s confused and stunned reaction to her situation. She wished she had control of her arms, but with them glued to the chair, that was an impossibility. 

The cheerleaders continued to perform, the varsity squad dancing on either side of Sabrina while the rest were doing throws, stands, and other highly physical feats. Eventually, they joined hands in a circle around the chair, facing away from Sabrina. They then began to kick their legs like the Rockettes, slowly rotating around the chair so the camera could get a good look at each girl. Finally, they turned around and dropped to their knees. They began to quickly bow towards Sabrina, alternating the rhythm with every other girl, so it looked like the ring was pulsating.

It was at this point that Sabrina began to feel flush and realized the dowel was vibrating at an incredibly pleasurable speed. She fought it with al her might. Her breath came in short, deep gasps. She began to sweat profusely from the effort, and it was here that when a bead of sweat snaked its way from her forehead, down her right cheek, along her neck, where it could have disappeared behind her shoulder, but it rolled onto her chest, where it finally landed in her cleavage, and ran straight down to her crotch. The trail left behind a distinctly flesh-colored trail, which the large screen amplified so everyone could see her body paint was water soluble. 

All this was lost on Sabrina as her arousal built, despite Sabina’s efforts, her body was betraying her. As her will broke, her back arched, her heaving breasts thrust forward, her head was thrown back, her mouth parted, ready to sound her inevitable release when…

*SPLASH!!!*

In an instant, Sabrina’s body went from Red Hot and Ready to Explode, to a mere sizzle, and not in a good way. Her climax stifled, she immediately felt frustrated, horny, and very cranky. She wanted to let out a grunt of frustration, but the moment her eyes opened, she saw the looks of amazement from the crowd. Students and faculty alike were looking at her with a sense of shock, awe, intrigue, lust, and jealousy. She wasn’t sure why since she hadn’t been able to finish her erotic performance. Se then looked down and saw the reason.

They had dumped a bucket full of water on her, and now all the body paint had been washed off! She was sitting in the middle of the GYM stark naked, with only a dancing Chile Pepper hiding her most private spot. A gasp of shock reached her lips as se remembered the camera. She tried with all her might to move her arms, and they obeyed! The water must have dissolved the glue as well! She planted her hands on the chair again, and used all four of her limbs to extricate herself from the chair. It was quite a display that made it look like she was too sexually exhausted to stand. Once on her feet, the dowel hadn’t been made to be kept inside a woman’s lubricated flesh hole, so it simply popped out from her orifice and landed on the rubberized floor with a thud.


Sabrina turned red with embarrassment as she covered herself and turned around, only to be greeted by a 80-inch image of her naked backside! She peered over her shoulder and now realized what the camera was doing. She clamped bother her hands over her naked bottom and made to run off the stage. However, Jessica and Michelle caught her before she plummeted eight feet onto the hardwood floor.

“Uh-uh uh, Teach. We wouldn’t want our favorite teacher to get hurt now, would we?” Jessica said through a grin.

“Jess, I think we should give our audience the big ending they came here to see!” Michelle offered.

“I think that’s a great idea! Right this way, Teach!” Jessica instructed.

Sabrina was led to a ladder on the far end of the stage. 

“Jessica, are you sure this is safe?” Sabrina asked.

“Of course! We tested it this morning.”

“Oh, good.”

“Yeah. It was a great success. Poor Miss Hartford is still sticky though.”

“The school nurse? Wait, why is she sticky?”

Jessica didn’t answer as they reached the top. It was a small five-foot square platform near the GYM’s ceiling. The crowd couldn’t see much, but watched the screen as the camera’s zoom lens caught the action. Jessica placed a large metal hook on a metal cable attached to the top of the platform that led over the stage and down toward the opposite end of the GYM. She attached a rope to the hook and fed a metal handle through the bottom of the rope that sat horizontally.

“Wait, is this a zipline?!” Sabrina shouted loud enough for everyone to hear.

“That’s right, Teach. This thing ends over on the other end on that platform.”

Jessica pointed to a raised platform about eight feet off the ground, but it was no bigger than six feet in diameter.

“Wait, that rope is too long, the handle will hit the platform!” Sabrina observed.

“Oh, it’s not a handle. It’s a SEAT!”

“Surely, this can’t be safe!”

“As long as you keep both hands on the rope and your legs o the seat, you’ll be fine. And don’t call me Shirley.” Jessica joked.

Sabrina sighed and straddled the seat, making sure both of her hands clutched the roe. She was about to ask if she was doing it right when Jessica gave her a hearty smack on the bottom and sent her on her way!

The journey wasn’t as fast as she thought it would be, but was thankful she wasn’t going to be stuck halfway on the line. However, she became VERY aware of the way her loins pressed on the rope. The hook scraping along the metal line was generating a very distinct frequency that resonated with her arousal. She had never been on a sybian before, but her mind immediately compared the feeling to riding one. She suddenly felt her climax peak and her eyes closed. She clutched the rope as her belly flexed in response to her orgasm. She let out a loud moan and felt as if she were floating on air.

Of course, it wasn’t far from the truth. She was falling. Jessica and Michelle designed the zipline to carry her, but instead of ending safely on the platform, the hook would be pushed off the line by a flange attached to the line. Of course, Sabrina couldn’t just fall four feet onto the platform, landing on her bare butt with the “seat” wedged between her legs. Jessica had something more…delicious in mind.

*SPLURT!!!*

Sabrina’s journey ended in the last place she thought it would. As she fell, she felt her feet touch what she thought was just the rubberized surface of the platform, but was worried when her feet went through it! As she continued her descent, she thought it could be water, but she felt…resistance. It wasn’t until she stopped moving that she opened her eyes and saw she was encased in gelatin. Red gelatin. The sides of the platform gave way to reveal this to the crowd.

She was able to look at her image on the large screen. She was again horrified to see that the gelatin was translucent enough to see the details of her naked body! It seemed her feet were just over a foot from touching the bottom, but it was the fact her legs had separated during her decent that troubled her. They were only shoulder width apart, but it was enough to show more of her private place than she’d like. What was worse was the fact that her arms were above her head, which meant they were outside the gelatin. From the neck down, her body was encased in red jiggly sweetness, and she couldn’t stop anyone from looking at her charms. She flailed her arms around, trying to extricate herself, but it was to no avail.

“Jessica! Please, help me out of this!” Sabrina pleaded.

“You heard her, folks! She needs help out of that tasty prison, SO LET’S EAT!!!!” Jessica announced.

The crowd rushed onto the floor and made a line. The first few just picked off a bit of gelatin to taste if it was real. Finding out it was the real thing, they went for the gusto and removed large chunks, near her feet.

“Jessica, tat isn’t helping!” Sabrina whined.

“You heard the lady! Don’t be shy, grab a handful! And that isn’t limited to the dessert!” Jessica announced.

Two mischievous boys stood on either side of her and began grabbing handfuls and scarfing them down. They kept returning to the same place each time, and Sabrina didn’t catch onto what they were doing until she saw the lines they were making in the gelatin, and where they were headed.

“No, stop! Don’t you dare!” she tried to sound authoritative, but the boys persisted until they each found a nipple and gave them a nice tweak.

“Hey, those are not for you to play with!” Sabrina scolded.

“You’re right, Teach! They should be for EVERYONE to enjoy!” Jessica announced to the over-stimulated crowd.

A separate line then started for those who wanted to cop a feel, and soon the holes were big enough to squeeze her breasts. Another perverted soul punched a hole between her knees and began to claw his way to her special place. She was able to see what he was doing, but had given up trying to preserve her modesty long ago. When he did reach it, he gently tickled her labia before sliding his finger along her slit. With the attention to her three sensitive places, she couldn’t help but let out a moan. 

She was treated to several orgasms by several more hands before she was finally free of the sticky gel. However, she was too weak to move, and just laid on the floor, skin coated in a mixture of gelatin, sweat, and female ejaculate. Many of the students and faculty had taken photos of the event, and even paid the screen’s camera man for a copy of whatever he got. Jessica volunteered to get Sabrina cleaned up, and she and Michelle helped Sabrina to her feet. It was at this point Principal Head finally stepped in.

“Jessica, I had hoped that Sabrina would be a positive influence on you, to stop your petty fights and disruptions in class and become a model student.” He began.

Jessica assumed this would be the point where he would scold her and ground her until she was forty, but she figured it was all worth it.

“Jessica, I’m so proud to see what you’ve become! You were the brainchild behind all of this! Never before have I seen a student put forth so much effort for a Pep Rally before, and never before have I seen the students and faculty be 100% happy to attend. Now, you’re even volunteering to clean up? I’m so happy that the student with the best amount of character in my school is my own daughter!” He said, tears in his eyes.

Jessica hugged her father and gave him a kiss o the cheek. When they broke their embrace, his attention went to Sabrina.

“I just can’t believe she allowed herself to be the star attraction like that. She truly embodies the courage and dedication that we should strive for in our education. She really ought to have something to honor her spirit. Something worthy of her cause.” Principal Head mused.

“Oh, but we already do…” Jessica answered,

“What do you mean?”

“The statue outside? It’s her! The body mold was taken from her. She begged me to do it, insisted that it was to better the image of the school. She just was too modest to tell you herself.” Jessica spun her tale.

“Is this true?” The principal asked Sabrina, who was still too groggy to understand what was going on.

Jessica and Michelle stood her up and placed her hands behind her head, spreading her legs slightly.

“Oh my, it is her! But it has no direct tie to her. She should at least have her name on it.” Principal Head explained.

“I’ll do you one better. Let me clean her up, and we can give some head…” Michelle began.

“What did you say, young lady?”

“Ahem, headshots. We’ll give you pictures of her face from different angles so a sculptor can make a new head for the statue that looks exactly like her!”

“Jessica, that’s a brilliant idea! We should still update the plaque so it gives credit to the ‘model’ teacher that made it possible.”


Sabrina the Substitute Gets “Clean”

Jessica kissed her father on the cheek and helped Michelle carry Sabrina into the locker room. Twenty minutes later, Michelle and Jessica were in the girls’ locker room attached to the GYM. They were in the communal shower section, but the water wasn’t on. Sabrina was lying on the floor with an equally naked Jessica and Michelle standing over her.

“Are you sure you want to do this?” Michelle asked her friend.

“I’ve been dreaming of this moment since she came to my school. Now she’s all mine to do whatever I want…” Jessica giggled.

“I’m still not sure why I have to be naked.” Michelle whined.

“Because, if she sees you, she’ll think it’s weird if you’re clothed and we aren’t. If she sees you’re naked, se probably won’t care who you are.”

“Okay then. Should I get my camera now?”

“Yes. I want this whole thing on film.”

Michelle began rolling as Jessica lay down next to the naked teacher.

“Okay, to be clear, this is for personal use only, so if this ever gets out, Michelle would be incriminated too. Michelle, if you would, hand me the camera for a moment.” Jessica explained to the camera.

Michelle was hesitant, but handed Jessica the camera.

“Alright-y. Now, you see Michelle’s naked body, so if either of us leaks this tape, we both have something to lose.” Jessica narrated before handing it back to Michelle.

Jessica wasn’t sure where to begin. She felt like it was Christmas morning and she found a large box with her name on it. She didn’t know what to do, if she wanted to attack it or be gentle. She then saw her face and leaned in.

“You know, Teach? I’ve been fantasizing about this moment since you started working here. I even begged my dad to let you teach one of my classes. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen, so I had to try a different tactic. I called Coach Robinson while pretending to be his doctor’s receptionist. Since we have the same doctor, it wasn’t hard to fake. Men are so scared when you tell them something’s wrong with their prostate, they might just take off between classes without even telling the principal. Oh, and I pestered our art teacher for ages to hire a nude model, until I volunteered! He left before my bra was off! The Woodshop teacher couldn’t handle all of my jokes about how stiff or how long or just plain big some of the wood was. He was so convinced I was coming onto him that he cracked and transferred to another school. On the OTHER side of the country!”

“Jess, is it a good idea to explain your intricate plan on video?”

“Shut up, no one’s going to see this. So, I was given you, Sabrina. And you made it sooo easy to manipulate you. Almost like you wanted to be stripped all those times. Well, perhaps you’ll enjoy this as much as I will.”

Jessica then planted a kiss on the unconscious naked teacher. Her tongue swirled over her lips as she lapped up the gelatin residue on her chin. She continued to lick her face from her down to her neck, where she proceeded to give her several hickey before lapping at her chest. It was in this fashion that she cleaned her arms, hands, and chest. She saved her breasts and cleaned her belly with her tongue. Se heard Sabrina gasp when her tongue passed over her bellybutton. She wanted to go further, but decided to turn her over first. 

She brought Sabrina to a kneeling position and began to lick her back, and cleaned all the way to her bottom before letting her lay down on her stomach. Jessica slurped as her tongue snaked its way around Sabrina’s luscious, juicy bottom. After cleaning both cheeks, Jessica couldn’t resist and quickly licked along her crack, making Sabrina moan. Jessica made quick work of Sabrina’s legs and feet before turning her on her back again.

This time, she went straight for her breasts. She licked from the base in a spiral until she reached the peaks, making Sabrina gasp and writhe in pleasure. When Jessica finally placed her mouth on Sabrina’s mound, her eyes shot open.

“Whoa, what the hell?!” Sabrina screeched.

“What’s the matter, Teach? Wasn’t I making you feel good?” Jessica teased.

“Jessica? Why are you naked? Why is Michelle naked, and… is she FILMING?!!”

“I’m feeling kinda hurt here, Teach. I thought we had something going here.”

“No, absolutely not! I’m out of here!”

“Sabrina?” Jessica almost whispered.

The woman stopped in her tracks, realizing it was the first time she’d heard Jessica call her by name.

“What?” Sabrina answered back.

“Sabrina…I love you.” Jessica said.

Sabrina’s and Michelle’s mouths hung agape. Sabrina dropped to her knees.

“Sabrina, you know it’s true. If you heard anything of what I said earlier. It was all so I could have you. I’ve wanted you so bad.”

“Jessica, that isn’t love. It’s lust.”

“Then let me have this. Just once, and if what you say is true, it should be enough.”

Sabrina thought for a moment before leaning back until she was lying down. She stretched her legs out and spread them as far as she could.

“Jessica, do what you will.”

The girl scurried over and resumed her previous ministrations with her tongue. Michelle made sure to walk around Sabrina when she moaned, but reserved the final shot of Sabrina’s big moment. Sabrina cried in ecstasy as her back arched and her head was thrown back. Michelle was able to walk around Sabrina to get different angles before Sabrina relaxed. 

Now “clean”, Sabrina was escorted out to the parking lot, where Jessica drove her home. Sabrina had the forethought to leave a spare house key near the front door for occasions like this that seemed more prevalent in recent time. Jessica admired her naked teacher’s walk into her house before driving away. She had some footage to masturbate to, and also get some screencaps.

The following day, Jessica delivered the pictures to a sculptor who said the head would be done in a week. Sabrina continued to teach, but now taught only classes that Jessica was in. In light of recent events, Sabrina decided to no longer wear underwear and only wear skirts or dresses below the waist. Her tops were a bit risqué with either plunging necklines or were strapless. She figured she’d be stripped sooner or later, but wanted to be in control, so for when she subbed in for teachers who had multiple classes, she would only treat Jessica’s class to her charms before dressing for her other classes.

The head completed, the sent it off to the same foundry that made the original statue, as they had the original mold. They married the two together and delivered the finished piece the next day. Everyone was delighted to see their beloved teacher in all her glory finally. Sabrina still blushed at the events at the Pep Rally, but she had something else up her sleeve.

The following week, Jessica was entering the school when she saw her naked body in front of her. She hadn’t forgotten to wear clothes, nor was she standing in front of a trick mirror. She was looking at a nude statue of herself, sitting at her desk, in perfect “model student” posture with her hands clasped on her desk, her back straight, and her legs slightly open as if she were wearing shorts. What horrified her most was the amount of detail in the body. She could clearly see it was her parts, and not someone’s version of them.

The only person with that kind of knowledge was…Miss Hartford! She had seduced the school nurse so she would try out the zipline before Sabrina. How she put this together was beyond her comprehension. Another curious thought came to her when she read the plaque. It read: First ENF of TNA High.

“Hi, Sweetie! Admiring your statue, I see.” Principal Head said to his daughter.

“Um, yeah. Why…um, how did you get it so…accurate?”

“Oh, I was asking around to see how we could award you for your great job with the Pep Rally. Sabrina suggested we make a statue of you like we did with her. I thought it was perfect. However, we lacked a detailed mold of your body, and we didn’t want to spoil the surprise by asking you to do one. Somehow, Miss Hartford came forward with some photos, and here we are!”

“Great. So, what does the plaque mean?”

“Oh, I forgot to tell you the best part! We started a new system to acknowledge outstanding behavior from our students. They can’t all have statues made for them, of course. That’s why I contacted the school board and they’ve allowed me to introduce the “Exceptional Noble Force” program. It rewards students for not just being a mode student, but also using their role in the school to better the students or the community. And you, my dear daughter, will be the first to be in the program!”

“Really?! Cool!”

“Yeah, so if you’d just remove your clothes?”

“What?!”

“I wasn’t sure how best to commemorate you achievement. I wanted a way for students to know you’re the ENF if they don’t know your name. I asked around, and Sabrina and several others suggested that the ENF should be nude. It would make them instantly recognizable and would encourage positive reinforcement in students. The school board knows this, and has given me the go-ahead. So, as your father, and as Principal of this school, please hand me your clothes!”

A cheer echoed through the halls as Jessica got a taste of her own medicine. She was made to attend school naked for a month. Sabrina was glad that Jessica didn’t attempt to do anything to her wardrobe while she taught her. A fact that she passed on to the principal, hoping it would mean Jessica could be the ENF for longer, but he informed Sabrina that the ENF has a limit of a month and must be passed on to another student BEFORE it can return to another student. Sabrina and Principal Head already knew who would be next.

Michelle was furious with her parents when they signed the permission to let her be the ENF for a whole month, but since it was a place of honor, they didn’t think to read the particulars until after Michelle came home naked. At least she didn’t have a statue of her naked body on school property.

Sabrina and Jessica eventually made amends, but not until after they both were naked at Jessica’s graduation ceremony. Everyone was delighted to receive their diploma and have a commemorative photo taken with their famous naked teacher before they graduated. Jessica took the opportunity to plant an open-mouthed kiss on Sabrina’s lips while fingering her pussy, to the cheers of everyone present, even her father.

After Jessica graduated, no other ENFs happened at TNA High, unfortunately, since Principal Head retired that year and the new principal had no knowledge of the program. Sabrina moved onto other schools, but didn’t get stripped by anyone, nor did she try to recapture any memories. She had pictures, and video! The statues still remain at the school, as a reminder that not all academics are clean, but being a little dirty isn’t bad either.

THE END!!!!!




