Doctor visit
________________________________________
I had another aventure.

I noticed a small skin blemish that concerned me a little so found a near by college that has a medical teaching 

facility and made an appointment.  I arrived early and was wearing loose gym shorts, T-shirt and flip flops, no underwear. More than one wife sitting with her husband or kid gave me that look, like, 'You need more clothes on' 'Your a grown woman you should cover up more skin' and yes a husband got caught looking at my shorts...

I'm 5' 9", still 130 lbs, I wear my hair short and never color it, its dark and I don't tan well. If I wear a more nornal amout of clothes I never get noticed and thats part of what got me into exhibition so long ago i think. I'm just past 30 a little and look it I guess.

After filling out all the paperwork and sitting almost an hour in the crowded waiting room I got called on. The girl led me down the hall and put me in a room, blood pressure, height weight etc, then told me to disrobe but I could leave my underwear on, perfect, no underwear. 

While I was sitting there getting a little cold I could hear two groups of people in the hall, students.  Of course I started to get wet and nervous. I jumped when the door opened but it was the Doctor. She came in and asked all the typical questions and looked at my spot on my shoulder, telling me It looks like nothing but to be shure she would take a skin sample and send it to a lab. She then had me stand up and started looking at ALL of me real close, I got wetter when she asked about my sexual habbits while informing me that this line of questions was normal as STD's often show as skin anomalies. She made a few notes and told me she'd come back and take a skin sample and she asked if it would be alright with me if some students came in and  practiced examining me....

I hesitated and said ok, she left and never offerd me a gown or anything. The table was facing the door in the middle of the room so i laid down face up feet towards the door. The table ended at my knees so my feet hung straight down, I spread my knees out a little and waited, I was starting to shake a little from excitment and being cold, I was still very wet. I had shaved everything before i went so it was very obvious and when I started to lay down i noticed a wet area on the paper covering the table.

A knock and In they came all together, five of them. Two young men and three girls all with clip boards and white coats, "Hi, the Doctor said we could examin you is that ok?" I said nervously, "Ok". She must have handed them something becuase they went right to my shoulder and asked me to sit up so they could see it better.  I did and noticed both the boys looking at my bare very wet bottom. Yes they were staring and stopped as soon as they saw me see them. They instantly got involved with the girls and the spot on my shoulder.

I had butterflys bad, and was i think real red faced.

Then like the doctor one of the girls, who was heading up the group started asking all the same questions about my sexual habbits and started on about the STD's showing as skin, bla bla bla, just like the doctor.

When the doctor asked all this i said was no and no. When the girl asked I said I only have sex with condoms and only with younger guys that I am reasonably shure are virgins. and mostly I masturbate, The yong men were grinning alot and trying to hide this and all three of the girls, well that was priceless, they were mouths open and frozen. Perfect ! I will never forget the look I got.

I felt that familiar sudden pressure down low and for a second thought I was going to climax right then. The lead girl had to get things back on track so she blurted out, "Ok thank you, we are done, the doctor should be in shortly" and she hustled her gang right out the door.

I looked down and there was a very large wet area on the paper between my legs, dinner plate size, and I now had to pee.  The door opened, no knock,,the doctor walked in and looked right at the wet place, I blushed and put my legs  together over it real fast. She said, "You dont have to see the second group of students if it was too embarassing for you". I blurted out without thinking how it would sound,  "No, please it's fine I can wait for the next group, I'd like to" My breathing was a little short and fast.

She said nothing and took a skin sample, hurt a little. I could not read her face at all, could not tell what she would say next. When she finished she had me get up and she changed the paper on the table and then said, "Ok then", then she opened the door and called to a group to come down the hall.
I could hear them walking, there was more than five and I got scared again.
The Doctor stepped back into the room and stood to the side and watched with no expression on her face that told me anything about what she was thinking.
8 walked in and filled the room, 5 men, 3 women, I was shaking and looking at the doctor, she handed one of the guys her clip board and walked out of the room leaving the door open. 

The questions started comming again and they were taking turns looking at my shoulder, I could tell they were all looking at all of me and everyone of them noticed my soaked bottom.
I said "Oh No I have to pee real bad I'm so sorry, where is the bathroom?".
One of the guys said down the hallway then left, around the corner. 

And now was my chance.

I was going to run out of the room and turn right walking fast right into the lobby naked. This would be very very embarrassing. I stood up off the table, grabbed myself and hurried out the door still nude.

I wanted humiliation and I had it, I turned right but a student stopped me and 
redirected me to the bathroom, that was dissapointing.

While in the bathroom the female student brought me my clothes, saying, "You can get dressed now, the doctor will call you if the skin sample shows anything".

No orgasim but it was still fun for me. I really wanted to get to the busy waiting room nude, maybe next time.
