Submitting to Me
by Daddy2mylilgirl©


When I had given Beth the option of totally submitting to me, I was not 
surprised that she needed time to decide. It was a big step after all. Going 
from the regular sex, with a little submission thrown in, to full blown 
submission was something that needed time.

I always had a feeling that buried somewhere deep down inside Beth was the heart 
of a slave. The way her body would react when I would take control in bed lead 
me to believe she was into submission more than she was letting on. 

Little by little I took more and more control each time we made love and 
although she strongly opposed the idea of being my slave or totally submitting, 
I knew it was only a matter of time before she would change her mind.

After one passionate and intense night of sexual domination I proposed the 
question again. I was pleasantly surprised not to be shot down straight away. I 
told her to take all the time she needed and that I would be happy with any 
answer she gave. Little did I know I would get the answer the very next day.

As I fumbled with my keys to unlock my door after getting home from work I 
noticed that my door was already unlocked. Stepping into my apartment I quickly 
found out why. There kneeling before me was Beth. She was naked with her head 
down and her hands together behind her back. I knew right away what her answer 
from the night before was.

I threw my coat onto my couch and used my tie as a make shift blindfold wrapping 
it tightly around Beth's eyes. I helped her up. My hand grasped firmly around 
her arm as I led her to my bedroom.

Once there I laid her down on my bed face first. I took out my wrist cuffs and 
ankle restraints. I attached them both to her ankles and wrists then taking a 
chain I attached it to both restraints. It was a thing of beauty seeing her hog 
tied on my bed. Next, I placed a ball gag in her mouth. She was now mine. 

I quickly undressed. Then I took her upper body in my hands and I slid her up, 
so that she was facing my headboard. I took some rope tying it around the posts 
on the end of my bed and tying the other end around her leg and then another 
around her other leg. 

Tightening the ropes pulled her legs apart slowing exposing me to the cunt that 
I had fucked many times before. But this time it was different. This time her 
pussy was wetter than ever and seeing it with all the bondage surrounding it 
only made it feel like I was truly going to be fucking it for the first time.

I quickly went to work taking out my toys for just this special occasion. It was 
a wide variety of vibrators and dildos of all different sizes, colors, and 
materials. I selected a small metal dildo and a rather large vibrator. As I 
moved closer to Beth I could smell her juices and I knew she was ready.

I started slowly with the vibrator just barely pressing it against her wet pussy 
lips. Beth jumped with the touch both from excitement and surprise. I rubbed it 
ever so lightly up and down those pink wet lips making sure to every now and 
then slip the tip of the vibrator just barely inside her waiting pussy. I took 
the other dildo wetting it with my spit and then gently started to probe her 
tight brown asshole with it. 

The teasing continued as I heard her try to moan and groan through the gag. I 
slowly slipped the head of the vibrator inside of her. It moved easily into the 
wet insides of her tight cunt. At the same time I pushed more of the small dildo 
into her waiting asshole. 

The blocked moan from the gag let me know that she was enjoying the double 
penetration. As I slide more of the vibrator into her I was amazed at how wet 
she was. The vibrator slide easily all the way into her and before I knew it she 
had taken the whole thing. The dildo in her ass went in a little slower pushing 
it ever so lightly into her anus but it too went in without much of a fight.

Then I began the assault. I started to push both toys in and out slow at first 
but I quickly began to pick up the pace. Her body reacted with each thrust 
trying as hard as she could to match the penetrating toys but to no avail with 
the ropes and restraints holding her in place. My pace began to quicken with the 
vibrator having no trouble entering deep into her wet pussy and the dildo now 
going deeper with her asshole having adjusted to the size.

The moans and screams that escaped the gag were keeping me apprized of how close 
she was getting. When I knew she was getting close to orgasm I pushed both toys 
as deep as I could inside of her leaving them there. I made my way around her 
kneeling on the bed in front of her face. 

I removed the ball gag replacing it with my hard thick cock. She took my dick 
sucking and licking as much as she could as it slide into her mouth. Beth lifted 
her head allowing the head of my cock to move past her mouth and into her 
throat. She began to gag and choke a little but instead of moving away she just 
lifted her head more straining it as far as she could.

Seeing her like this was driving me crazy. My beautiful girlfriend tied and 
blindfolded with all three holes filled was a sight of exhilaration. I began to 
slowly push my cock in and out of her mouth and throat. 

In her state she had not say or control. She was not sucking my dick. I was 
fucking her face. I began to speed up as that thought ran through my head. My 
cock disappeared with each thrust into her mouth and down her throat. Her gags 
and chokes seemed to lessen with each hard thrust. Soon her nose was brushing my 
stomach as she took my entire cock down her throat.

I needed her pussy. I craved her pussy as I watched my cock fucking her pretty 
face. I removed my dick a long strand of saliva went from the tip of my head to 
her tongue. I threw the gag back in place and moved down to the end of the bed.

I pulled the vibrator free and inserted the red swollen head of my cock into the 
tight walls of her pussy. Her head perked up as she knew right away this was not 
the toy anymore. I pushed myself deeper my shaft being swallowed up by her pink 
pussy lips. I pushed my entire cock inside of her and with a loud *SMACK* on her 
ass I began to fuck Beth like she had never been fucked before.

My cock was a blur as I furiously pounded at her pussy. The room filled with the 
sounds of her moans and screams behind the gag, the bed knocking the wall, and 
the occasional smack of my hand on her ass. I could feel how wet and hot her 
pussy was on my cock. I knew neither of us would last much longer.

I began to slow making sure she could feel each thrust of my cock enter and exit 
her. I could feel her tighten around my cock and knew she was close. To send her 
over the edge I pulled the dildo out of her asshole pushing it back hard inside 
of her matching it with the thrust of my hard cock inside of her pussy.

This was all Beth could take as her head shot up a loud scream hit the gag and I 
could feel her cunt tighten and contract around my shaft and head. It felt as if 
her pussy wanted me to shoot my cum into it. It jerked my shaft and soon my head 
erupted spitting its hot load into her waiting cunt.

The warm wetness of her orgasming pussy as I shot my sperm into her was an 
overwhelming feeling. Our most intimate of areas joined together. At that moment 
I felt like we were one. I felt her total submission to me. 






