First Time Public Masturbation – In Burger King

A few weeks after my 18th Birthday, I was in town again with 6 of my
friends (2 boys and 4 girls.) We started to play truth or dare. Since 
my last stripping incident in Burger King some of the girls had asked 
me how I had had the guts to go ahead with it and after I told them 
that it just turned me on, they asked if I would do it again. I told 
them of course I would as long as there was no chance of getting 
arrested or caught by my parents. Anyway the truth and dare games 
started off slightly more aggressive then usual with more nudity 
involved from the start. Most of the dares involved the girls flashing 
there tits to passing cars, or the boys mooning. Then it came to 
another one of my goes and one of the girls dared me to do a repeat 
performance of my strip in Burger King. Well previously the dare was 
created so that I had to change into a new set of clothes I had bought 
that day. As we had not done any shopping I said that I couldn't really 
do a repeat performance. This caused a series of boo's and taunts of 
'chicken' Well I am not one to turn down a challenge so I said OK. 

Now last time I did the dare, there were 9 people in total and they
stood around me to stop other people watching. Well with a few less 
people I had to be a bit more careful. We ordered some food and headed 
upstairs to one of the booths. I sat on the inside, nearest the wall on 
one side of the booth and 2 of the other girls sat opposite. The guys 
and the other girl stood on the outside of the booth giving me some 
cover from prying eyes. The place wasn't that busy luckily and we were 
in a nice private area. 

I quickly removed my bra and knickers and gave them to one of my
girlfriends to hold, leaving me with my t-shirt and skirt. I was 
getting excited. I could see that the boys were already getting turned 
on from the bulges that had appeared. This made me horny as hell. I ate 
some of the food and took a few sips of coke trying to get my 
confidence together to take my last two articles of clothing off. 

I was thinking of what to do first, take my top off or my skirt, when
around 20 tourists suddenly arrived from nowhere and filled the other 
half of the room. We were still some distance away from them but I 
suddenly felt that there would be no way I would not be seen if I 
stripped now. I could see the disappointment on the guys faces. One of 
my girlfriends said that I couldn't back down now, cause it was a dare 
and if I did they would be allowed to dare me to do anything and they 
would make it more humiliating for me if I didn't continue. I told them 
that I just couldn't do it but that if they had another dare or if they 
would wait I would do it again a few weeks later. After a quick 
conversation between the guys and girls they turned to me with big 
smiles on their faces. One of my girlfriends said to 'We think that if 
you are not willing to take the rest of my clothes off, then you would 
have to masturbate in the booth instead. 

So there I was with a decision to make. 5 minutes earlier I was ready to
strip in front of my friends again to complete a dare. But now with the 
sudden surge of tourists it was just too risky. The Burger King booth 
was secluded in the corner of the room but still there was only 20 
meters from us and the nearest people. The replacement dare that my 
friends had proposed was daring in itself. I had never played with 
myself in front of my friends or in such a public location as this. But 
looking at my situation I thought that it was highly possible that I 
could literally masturbate without anyone being able to see any of my 
pussy and I realised that I could just masturbate for a while and then 
the dare would be over. 

'OK' I said, I will take up your new dare. This exclamation resulted in
a quiet clapping of hands and excited looks on the faces of my friends 
especially the boys. I slouched down in my seat so that my ass was on 
the very end of the booth seat and I had my feet firmly on the ground. 
I was able to reach my right hand under my skirt without revealing 
anything as my lower body was basically under the table. I was already 
wet. I could feel my wetness on my inner thighs as I moved my hand up 
my skirt. I gently brushed my index finger across my pussy from my ass 
to my already throbbing clit. I did not realise how horny I was until I 
came to my clit and felt an instance electric bolt of pleasure surge 
through my body. I looked at my friend's faces who were watching with 
stunned looks, obviously not believing that I was touching myself. So I 
ran my finger back down from my clit to my ass then again in the other 
direct gently pressing at my lips so that they parted allowing my 
juices to slide onto my finger. I brought my right hand up from under 
the table to show them that I was touching myself. The look on their 
faces was a delight. I mouthed, I am so wet and they just nodded in 
agreement. I really couldn't believe that I was actually going ahead 
with the dare, I was kind of in a dream state and didn't want it to 
end. 

I put my finger in my mouth seductively like I had seen on the internet
so that I was tasting my juice and wetting my finger more. I moved my 
hand back under the table and back under my skirt. This time I stopped 
on my clit and gently started to rub in small circles. I could feel my 
lips expanding with the rush of blood and the natural pleasures of 
stimulating my clit. I slid my finger down into my lips and parted my 
legs more so that I could get a little more access. I was balanced on 
the very edge of the seat now and I could feel that my skirt had risen 
so that from the side you could probably see what I was doing. I looked 
at the boy who was standing at the end of the row and my suspicions 
became reality as I realised that his eyes were fixed on the area 
around my lower region. I gently eased my finger into my pussy and 
again felt a bolt of excitement. My breathing swallowed as I pushed my 
finger in little by little, pulling it back enough to allow my muscles 
to relax at the new feeling. Soon I was able to get my entire finger 
into my pussy and I began to rub the insides of the sensitive region. I 
closed my eyes and began to feel my sexual arousal growing and growing. 


I lost myself in my own sexual energies. I slid my finger out of my
pussy and continued to rub my clit which was throbbing with energy. I 
bit my bottom lip to subdue a slight moan as I felt the first signs of 
orgasmic pleasures. I opened my eyes to make sure that I was not 
attracting any additional attention and was relieved that the only 
people that were entranced by my exhibitionism were my friends. They 
were all watching with boggled eyes obviously a taken back by my 
boldness and that I did not seem to be pretending in any way. In fact I 
was so intoxicated that there was no way I could fake what was 
building. I was rubbing my clit faster and breathing harder now, my 
diaphragm filling my chest with shallow breaths increasing repetition. 
My nipples had become erect and were clearly visible through the thin 
cotton t-shirt I was wearing, my shapely breasts were enlarged with 
sexual tension and if anybody had looked our way it would've been clear 
that something was going on. I glanced at the tourist sitting a couple 
of tables away and they were not in the slightest bit aware of my 
rapidly approaching pleasure. I stopped rubbing my clit, teasing my 
body that wanted more and more. I knew how to increase my tension and 
make my experience even more exciting. I removed my hand from under my 
skirt and pulled my skirt back down whilst sitting further up in the 
booth. I reached for my drink and slowly took a couple of sips. It was 
then that I realised my friends had not spoken at all but were looking 
at each other with disappointment clearly believing that I was done. 
But I was not and in fact felt more daring. 

I turned in the booth so that my back was now against the wall and I was
facing the outside of the booth were my very erect friend was standing. 
I asked if the girls wouldn't mind kneeling up on the near side of 
their booth and that the guys should close around more so that there 
could be no prying eyes. As they did as I asked I slowly started to 
roll the bottom of my skirt, I rolled it all the way until the 
waistband was all that was left. This revealed my shaven pussy to my 
audience and it was clearly gleaming with juices. I winked eagerly and 
the boys whose eyes seemed to have popped out of their sockets. I was 
sure that I may have even caused one of them to cum in his pants there 
and then but I was not sure. He was clearly aroused, as were both my 
girl friends as well. Sitting with my back to the wall I lifted my left 
leg so it was now on the seat and my entire engorged pussy was on view. 
I slipped a finger across my pussy lips to show how wet I was and let 
my finger rest back onto my clit........ 

My finger began to make circular motions on my clit and I watched as my
friends marvelled in my technique. I would rub on the tip of my clit 
and then around the edge 3 times before rubbing on the tip again. This 
was a technique I had used many times, but usually in the comfort of my 
bedroom. I wetted the index finger of my left hand and slid it across 
my pussy lips allowing my tender pink lips to swallow my finger tip. My 
juices were flowing and I could feel them trickling down to my butt, 
probably dripping onto the fabric of the booth seat. My muscles of my 
pussy were eagerly trying to encourage my finger deep into its depths 
once again and I submitted to its call allowing my entire finger to 
ease into my vaginal opening. I continued to circle my clit with my 
right index finger whist easing my left index finger into and out of my 
pussy. I glanced up at my friends and mouthed 'nobody is looking this 
way are they?' One of my girlfriends took a glance around and shook her 
head. With this confirmation I eased a second finger into my pussy and 
gasped as I felt the increase of size of my penetration. I closed my 
eyes again as my sexual energies built. I quickened my pace with both 
my clitoral stimulation and my vaginal fingering. I was approaching 
ecstasy fast. I could feel my muscles beginning to contract readying my 
body for orgasm. I was slipping further down in my seat as my body 
starting to lose control. I stopped fingering my pussy to grip hold of 
the seat and continued my assault of my clit. Suddenly there was a 
scream from the other side of the room. I opened my eyes wide with 
fright that someone had spotted what was going on. 

My friends were all looking in the direction of the tourists on the
other side of the room. 'Its ok one of the tourists has just fallen 
over that's all' said one of my friends turning to see the shock on my 
face. I nodded and then quietly said 'I'm going to cum real soon.' With 
this notification all of my friends eyes darted back to my exposed 
pussy and my finger quickly went back to work on my clit. I quickened 
my pace feeling the electricity building within me and my muscles 
beginning to convulse. There was a lot of noise of chairs being dragged 
across the floor as it was clear that the tourists were leaving. I used 
this moment of noise to release a moan of pleasure as I felt a wave of 
euphoria shoot through my body. I'm Cumming I mouthed at my friends. 
With this my body exploded, I gripped the edge of my chair and bit my 
bottom lip to stop myself from screaming. My muscles tightened and I 
lapsed into spasm after spasm as my orgasm came quickly and 
satisfaction was released from my body. My body arched upwards towards 
the sky as the pleasures subsided. I sat back down in the booth my body 
shaking, I was sweating and my breathing was laboured. I grabbed a 
handful of napkins and wiped the juices from my pussy. 'I'd better go 
clean up' I said to my friends. 'Pass my underwear please' I said as I 
rolled my skirt back down 'we'd better go before any staff come to 
clear up' I edged out of the booth and noticed that the 2 lads had not 
moved, obviously they were in shock. I also noticed that they had 
rather large budges in their pants and as I squeezed myself out of the 
booth I patted both of them in the groin region 'That will give you 
something to think about tonight wont it' I winked at them. I made my 
way to the toilets and quickly cleaned myself up. I put my bra and 
knickers back on, looked at myself in the mirror and smiled. I couldn't 
really believe what I had just accomplished but I knew that this would 
be the start of something amazing. 


