Susie Gets Some New Workout Clothes
bymotbitro©

My girlfriend, Susie, was sore all over. She started working out a few days ago, lifting some weights and doing some running. So, she was in that tough period of time when you begin to exercise.

What kept her going (I thought) was the compliments I was giving her. But as I found out, there were other reasons, as well. She certainly didn't need to lose weight - she looked as cute as could possibly be. She is 5'2", has a great figure ... and she loves to show it and to tease anyone who would look. She used to drive the teachers in school crazy with her (very) short skirts and her "accidental" frequent panty peaks.

I told her that as a gift, I'd get her some new workout clothes. (Of course, I really meant a gift for me.) We went shopping at a store Susie knew about and to break the ice, I bought her some work out shoes. Easy enough. Then we went to look for shorts and tops.

We browsed around for a while and I asked her what looked good to her. She said, "The low waisted, small shorts and sports bras that aren't too heavy and thick. I prefer really thin workout outfits." I agreed and I immediately went on my mission to pick out things for me, I mean her. I really got excited when I saw the potential outfits. There were very small workout shorts that looked like panties and others that were actually thongs. The tops were equally exciting; very thin, nylon like material.

I picked some out and took them to Susie. She said, "Geeze, these look like panties I wear. Do you really think I could go the gym in these?" I think she really wanted me to say that it would be OK. So, I played it slow and tried to act like it wasn't a big deal ... but I definitely liked what I was seeing.

I said, "You'll get a better feel for them if you try them on. But, do you really think they look like your panties? Let me take a look." I knew they looked like her panties, but I liked where this was going. So did Susie, like I said, she liked the thrill of being a cock-teaser and showing her body off.

Susie handed me the shorts, they felt sensational. I said, "Geeze, these are very thin and silky, but show me a little of your panties so I can compare them, OK?"

Susie looked around the store, there were several people, who were mostly our age, milling around looking at outfits. She said, "Here? What if they all see me?" I could tell she was getting a little excited by the tone of her voice and by the fact that her nipples were getting pretty hard.

I said, "Don't worry, here is fine. They won't pay any attention. They'll probably be too focused on your beautiful boobs, anyway, which are amazing right now. WOW, look at your nipples, they are simply outstanding. So, just show me a little of your panty, don't take your shorts all the way off. It's not like you'd be parading around the store getting everyone all excited."

Susie liked that image, but she didn't admit it. Instead, she slowly unbuttoned her shorts, initially just the first 2 buttons. I said, "Well, that didn't help, I really can't see much, maybe undo the other buttons."

She said, "Really, right here in the store?" But before I could say anything, she undid the other buttons.

I said, "Let me see a little more so I can compare." I reached over and spread her unbuttoned shorts open. I said, "You'll need to lower your shorts just a little more."

She did, revealing a good 2 inches of the top of her panties. Susie said, "See what I mean? Those shorts look like panties."

I said, "I really can't tell from here. Can you lower your shorts another couple of inches?" I looked around and said, "There's only a couple of guys and their girlfriends watching you, so its not that big of a deal."

Susie liked hearing that there were some people watching. She said, "Can they see anything?"

I lied and said, "No way ... On second thought ... maybe just a little, so go ahead, I'll tell you if you are lowering your shorts too much."

Susie said, "Well, OK. Tell me if I lower them too far." She lowered her shorts a couple of more inches.

I said, "Oh, I see you're wearing you're your little white sexy panties. I always love those on you. They look so good with your tan and your tan lines. I love kissing your belly right above your panty line. And, you look like a model when you walk around in them. You should see my buddies, they go crazy every time I show them new pics of you in these panties. The always want more, like a video. So, go ahead, Susie, you can lower the shorts some more, don't worry, you look great."

Again, after I encouraged her, she lowered them. She mumbled, "Wait, you show them those pics you take of me?"

I said, "Of course, it's OK, they love them. Just proves my point that you always look great. They really want us to make a video."

Susie was getting turned on, she mumbled "Making a video would be ... fun." She had lowered her shorts, they were now below her pussy in the front and her ass in the back. It was a turn-on for her and, of course, for me. We were in the aisle and guys were coming over to get a better view.

I said, "Let's get back to these outfits. Let me look ... Well, your panties are really see-thru. I can easily see your pussy lips ... very, very sexy Susie. I don't think these workout shorts will be as see-thru as your panties are, so that's one difference. Can you turn around so I can see the back?"

She turned around and showed me her partially panty-covered ass. I put my hands on her ass, she liked that. I ran my fingers up and down her ass. As she looked around, she noticed a half a dozen couples staring at her. She whispered, "The girls are all jealous that I'm getting to show off."

Just then one guy walked over to us and said, "Hey Ms. Sexy Show-off, I need a picture." He took a bunch of pics and to his delight, Susie never raised her shorts, they stayed mid-thigh. Then he said, "Can you raise your top a little so I can get a pic of your great looking tummy?"

Susie, always ready to please and tease, raised her shirt up her tunny, then kept going so that the bottom half of her boobs up to her nipples were showing. She said, "Is this OK?" I noticed that Susie winked at him.

He said, "Its great, you are one hot little piece of ass. I'd love to put my tongue between those pussy lips and on those incredible nipples."

It was definitely getting hotter and hotter, so I stepped in and said, "Sorry, but that's it for now." Thankfully, the guy just turned and walked away.

Susie said, "I can't believe that good looking guy took pictures of me with my pants down. Um ... Did I look OK? I sort of think I might have, because he ... he had a hard-on, I could see his cock growing in his pants. WoW! Did I do that to him?"

I said, "Well, he might have gotten hard because you kept your shorts down for him. And like I told you, you can see right thru those panties. Of course, it might have been showing him most of your boobs, too."

Susie said, "He was nice enough to take some pics of me and he seemed like a real good guy. He just wanted to see my tummy, nothing else."

I said, "Ok, makes sense, but you should go try these on, now." I gave her the outfits. Susie took them and without raising her shorts walked over and into the dressing room area.

Five minutes later she came out with the workout outfit that looked like skimpy bikini panties and a matching top. Sensational! The top was very thin, her boobs bounced with every step, her nipples looked like they were trying to poke thru the top.

I said to Susie, "How do you like the top?"

She looked at me with a very innocent look and said, "Looks OK to me. I'd love to work out in this top. It's very comfortable, not restricting at all. I almost feel naked, it feels good. I think you might be able to see my nipples, right?"

I lied and said, "Not really, well, the whole outfit is so thin. It's really sheer, a little see-thru. Let me get a closer look."

Susie walked over to me. "Well, that top is certainly cute, and your boobs really bounced all over the place when you walked over here. And now your nipples are even harder. They look great. You'll have to be careful at the gym. Now, about the shorts. Man, they are certainly small. They just barely cover your cute pussy. I can really see your camel toe and the outline of your pussy lips thru the shorts, but again, no one will notice, probably. They will be busy working out. But wait a second, Susie, did you take your panties off?"

She said, "I got hot when I started thinking about wearing these shorts and this top in the gym ... so, he took my panties off. We think the shorts look better without panties. What do you think?"

Before I could ask her to clarify what she just said, Susie said, "You said this top is see-thru. Is it really see-thru? Really? How bad can it be? I'll be able to wear it? Right?"

We walked over to a mirror. I told her to do some jumping-jacks. She did about 5. Her boobs were bouncing all over. I noticed a few guys watching every move Susie made. Her nipples were even harder than when she walked out of the changing room. Her shorts looked like they were barely there. Susie stared at her boobs in the mirror and said, "WOW, my boobs look, well, they look great, they're round and perky. But, do you think it's the lighting here that makes my nipples so easy to see?"

I said, "Probably, but at the gym the people will be concentrating on working out, not looking at you, so you might be OK." That's the excuse she wanted to hear, she definitely wanted this top.

I said, "Let's look at the bottoms. They're pretty small, Susie. Like you said, they look like your panties. How do they feel? Could you work out in them?"

Susie slowly rubbed her ass and then around her pussy for a second. She said, "They are really smooth and really thin, too. But they feel great on. I'd love to work out in these."

I said, "Let me feel how thin they are." I reached over and rubbed her ass a little and then her pussy. "Well, they are thin. You'll have to be super careful because they really show your camel-toe, too." I took my finger and rubbed it between her lips. She loved it.

I continued, "But, like I said, I don't think anyone would really notice, since they are there to work out. You know, this outfit is almost sexy."

She said, "Really, this outfit is only almost sexy? I think a lot of people in this store are kind of staring at me."

And I reached over and rubbed her pussy, again. She moaned and mumbled, "More, please, do more to me, right here."

I kept rubbing her, which she loved. "Susie, these shorts feel really thin and smooth." She moaned again, so I kept rubbing her. "And because they're just a little loose on your legs, they look incredible. And, my fingers can go right up your thigh and under your shorts." I quickly moved my fingers inside of her shorts and rubbed her pussy. We were doing this in aisle, so I could only keep my fingers up her shorts for few seconds.

Susie was getting hotter and hotter. She looked at me and said, "I feel so fucking sexy in this outfit. Do you think your friends would like to see me in this? Come on, finger me here and now. I'm already wet, now make me cum."

I said, "Hey, lets slow down a little. How about we do some stretching so we see how the outfit moves when you work out?"

Susie took a deep breath to regain some control. She began stretching in the aisle of the store. She first did some toe touches which as she bent over, showed off her ass. She was getting a lot of attention from guys and girls in the store. I got behind her and said, "When you bend over, I can see your pussy from behind and of course, your sexy ass. It looks incredible from here. You might get a little more attention than I thought. So, you might not be OK."

Susie said, "But you said no one would be paying attention, they'd be working out. I think I'll be OK."

I said, "Those guys over there like the show you are putting on. Hey, try on another outfit, OK?"

Susie was really hot at this point, she pouted, "Will you buy me this one? Please? I like how it looks, I mean feels on me."

I said, "If you are good, I will. But try another outfit, OK?"

Susie smiled and went into the dressing room and came back out a couple of minutes later. Just as I would have guessed, she put on the light blue workout thong with matching top. This turned the heat up a notch even from the last outfit.

I tried to keep my cool and said, "That's a cute outfit." Cute was not what she was after. "Is it comfortable?"

She mumbled, "It's very ... comfortable. I need this outfit. My trainer loves it."

I wasn't sure that I actually heard what she said and I was really surprised about her having a trainer. "Wait, you have a trainer? When did this start?"

She said, "I've only met with him once before, but he said that he could tone me up, especially my thighs, my butt, my tummy and chest. He also gives massages. He's a good guy, very good looking and very helpful. He's the one who told me to come to this store and what to buy. His name is Lance."

I said, "Did Lance tell you get to a thong and sexy shorts to work out in?"

"Yes, he said all the hot girls are working out in them now. And he recommended I get outfits that are like my panties. He said the thinner the outfit, the less restrictive it is and the better I'd feel. He's right."

"Wait, how did he know about your panties?"

She said, "Don't be silly, it wasn't a big deal. We went into his office, we weren't out in the gym where everyone could see us. He wanted me to do some stretching for him so he could see how flexible I was. He suggested that I take my shorts off so I could bend easier. He asked really nicely, so I did, and he was right."

I said, "You were bending and stretching in front of him in just your panties?"

"No, I still had my top on, silly. He said I did pretty good for just starting out, but I could get a lot better. He took a lot of pics and some video of me so we could see my progress over time. He was very helpful, helping me bend, helping me stretch. Giving me little massages to loosen me up. He gave me the beginning assessment, so he'd know what to focus on."

I asked her how he did the assessment.

"He had me stand about a foot in front of him while he was sitting. He would have me do various stretches, then he turned me around and had me do more. He would feel around my body to see how firm I was. He took more close-up pics and videos to help the assessment."

I asked her where he felt.

She said, "He started with my ass. He rubbed up and down and massaged me so he could make the right assessment and could figure out workouts for me. Just so you know, most of the time his fingers and hands were on top of my panties, unless he felt a tight muscle. Then he went down the back of my legs and all the up my inner thighs to he could see how much leg work I would need. He turned me around and worked on my upper inner thighs from the front. He cracked me up, he kept snapping the waist band of my panties to make me giggle. He knows what he's doing. To be honest, it got kind of ... well ... hot. He had his face really close to my ... well, my pussy and he talked about building muscle in my upper thighs with massages. I was happy that I wore nice looking panties for him, I mean for the assessment.

I asked, "So, that was all?"

Susie, who was getting hotter and hotter as she told me what happened, continued, "Well, he also did an assessment of my back and chest. But that wasn't a big deal either. First, he said it would be better if I would take off my top so he could see definition. So, he asked nicely so I took it off for him. Then the sly dog undid my bra and took that off me. I didn't even know he was doing that. Wait, come to think of it, he kept my bra - he's terrible! That sneak!"

All the time she was talking, I was staring at her body in utter amazement. She looked sensationally sexy. I said, "So you were just in your panties at this point."

She answered, "Well, yes. So, he walked me over to his desk and had me bend over so my chest laid on the desk. He went behind me and he took some pics. He massaged my back, my shoulders and my ass. To help with stretching and flexibility he had me spread my legs so he could get closer while he massaged my back. It felt really good. He took a video of that, and honestly, the video looked a little ... well, erotic. He would reach around and massage my boobs to assess my firmness and you could see him grinding into my ass. I could tell that I was doing good, because he ... well... he got really big and hard. I could feel him grinding his cock into me. It felt so erotic and good. He apologized for getting hard and said he didn't mean to, but that my ass and boobs looked so good, he couldn't help himself. He was nice, he asked me if I minded. I said it felt good, so it was OK. He just kept saying how good I looked and how great it felt. Like I said, he was really nice, and it was all part of his assessment."

I asked, "How did it end with him?"

"It ended great! He said he would train me for free, I'd be perfect. He told me about this store and what outfits to buy for the best workouts. Then he had me turn over and lay on my back so he could see my tummy. He massaged my tummy and my sides, then he played around a little and kissed my tummy. He was just being funny. But he said that in a month my tummy would be the sexiest tummy around. Then he massaged my pelvis a little. He said it was easy to do because my panties were so smooth. It felt so good, he was rubbing his fingers on my pussy lips making me giggle and squirm. Every time it happened, he'd laugh and say that he was a little sorry, but his fingers were just attracted to my pussy."

Susie was really turned-on as she re-lived the moment. She looked at me and said, "Can I please try on his 3rd outfit?"

I don't think she knew what she said, but I said, "Sure, let me see it."

Five minutes later she came out with the same top on ... but - to my shock - she was only wearing her panties as bottoms. I said, "Um ... forget something?"

"What, isn't this OK? Don't you like this look?"

I said, "You are a cute little dick-teaser."

Susie said, "Well, is my dick-teasing working? Lance bet me that I wouldn't do this. He's really a character!"

I said, "Wait, he bet you that you wouldn't come out into the store in your panties. What did you bet?"

"Well, we might have gotten a little carried away, but he was so nice and he kept complimenting me and massaging me. So, the first bet was if I chickened out, he gets to kiss me anywhere he wants to. But - if I don't chicken out, I have to kiss him anywhere he wants to be kissed."

I said, "Sounds to me like he wins either way. Where would you have to kiss him."

Susie was standing there, looking sensual as hell in her panties and had her hand slowing brushing her pussy swaying a little from side to side. She was excited. People were definitely noticing. I could see couples whispering to each other.

She smiled and said, "Well, it kinda rolls into the second bet. He said that I'd have to strip down for him to just my panties, I couldn't wear anything else. Then he said that I'd have to give him a very sexy lap dance. Then I'd have to kiss him ... um ... on the head of his cock. That was for the 1st bet. But then he bet me that I couldn't kiss his cock five times without sticking it in my mouth and sucking on it. I couldn't help it, I took the bet."

I said, "Well, how's he going to know if you chickened out?"

Susie said, "He knows that I didn't chicken out."

I said, "How would he possibly know?"

She laughed and said, "That was Lance who took the pics of me. And ... He's ... Well ... He's been in the changing room with me. He's been hilarious and ... frisky. He keeps tickling me and pinching my nipples and making me laugh and feeling me everywhere and sticking his fingers in my mouth. Hahaha! I think I'm winning a bet though."

"Another bet? What was this for?"

She said, "I bet him that you'd let me stay out here in my panties for as long as I wanted."

"Why would I let my girlfriend walk around in a store in front of everyone showing-off her sexy panties?"

Susie smiled and said, "Because your girlfriend loves it and you always want to make me happy. I love the looks from the guys and the jealous looks from the girls. And because it makes me horny ... and because you are going to love the blow job I give you for being nice to me."

I said, "Tell me about it, Ms. Tease. By the way, are you getting a little wet down there?"

"Hell yes I'm wet. Here's what I'll do. I'll let you finger me in that room over there, just like Lance did. And, I want the curtain open just a little so someone might see us. Then I'll take your dick and will kiss and lick the head over and over again. Then I'll slowly put the head in my mouth and will flick my tongue over your cock head until you cum. How's that sound to you?"

As she was saying this, she had her thumb in the front of her panties and was moving her hand from side to side across her tummy. With each stroke her panties were getting a little lower and lower. I was getting to the point where I couldn't take it much longer. She said, "Hey, I'm curious, does this look sexy to you?"

I said, "Can I get a tour of the room?"

Susie said, "Will you buy me the outfits so I can get trained by Lance in them? He's approved them."

Of course, I said, "Hell Yes." 

