Kelly's Hazing
by TheBlushingPrincess

Part 6 Forced to Strip

Immediately after the hazing, Kelly rushed back to her apartment. She stripped down and hopped into the shower. Yes, she had just showered. But this time, she wasn’t showering for cleanliness. She needed a spiritual shower. A soul-cleansing shower. A back-to-reality shower.

What had just happened??? A million thoughts were running through her mind. Okay. She had been naked in front of Brent again. She could live with that. They had seen each other naked plenty of times when they were dating. Even when they were dating, they would play some domination games and Brent would playfully make her strip for him and do embarrassing things. It had all been in the context of a loving relationship. But still, she could handle that she had spent the afternoon with Brent tormenting her and seeing her naked.

Chris too. She could handle that. She didn’t even know him and didn’t anticipate spending much time with him anyway. Plus, he seemed so aloof during the hazing anyway. So yes. She could handle that she had spent the afternoon with Chris seeing her naked.

But oh, shit. Mike? What could she do? They were friends. They saw each other all the time. They had known each other for years. No. Mike was the reason she needed a second shower. She needed to purify herself. All she could think about were his eyes on her. Him seeing every inch of her. And in addition, she had to deal with the fact that him seeing her actually was starting to turn her on. It hadn’t in the moment. She was too busy performing the litany of degrading tasks they kept throwing at her. But now that she could look at it in the very recent rear view mirror, just seeing it a couple of hundred yards behind her, she was turned on. Was it the fact that she knew Mike got hard from seeing her naked? Was it being naked in front of him? Was it because he was ordering her around, owning her? Dominating her? Maybe all of those things. She didn’t know. Plus, she was conflicted. Were her new sexual feelings for Mike real? Or were they just the result of the super-charged afternoon they had spent together?

She was a wreck.

She washed thoroughly. She didn’t touch herself sexually in the shower. That would have been too much. She just washed… and washed… and washed.

Finally, after perhaps the longest, hottest shower of her life, she stepped out and dried herself off. She looked at her naked body in the steamy mirror over the vanity. She imagined seeing herself as Mike had seen her.

She remembered one of the guys telling her (and she couldn’t remember which one), “Stretch your arms over your head and give us a spin.” Looking in the mirror, she pretended to be Mike looking at her. She timidly stretched her arms up in the air and held the position. Just as Mike did, only three hours earlier, Kelly looked at her own stretched-out naked body. She imagined Mike (and Brent and Chris, to a lesser degree) leering at her. She stood there, naked in the mirror, for a moment. The longer she stood there, the more turned on she became. She focused on Mike’s eyes. She remembered the butterflies in her stomach as she watched his eyes drift up and down her body, finally landing back on her eyes where they made the most awkward and intimate of contact. Even though she was alone, she was feeling as tingly and nervous as when she had been actually standing in front of the three of them.

Shit. Had she enjoyed it??? Certainly not. At least, that’s what she told herself. Absolutely not.

Kelly snapped out of it and got dressed. She put on a baggy pair of sweatpants and a loose-fitting tee shirt. She made a cup of tea and sat on the couch. She picked up her phone and ordered delivery from a favorite Indian restaurant. Maybe the spicy food would shock her back into reality.

As she sipped her tea and relaxed on the couch, she remembered. Oh, shit. Boy, did she remember. When would they make her get naked next? And what would they make her do? Holy fuck. A week of this? A whole fucking week? So nervous. So irritated. So excited. So turned on. So confused.

******

It was three days after Kelly's hazing. Monday afternoon. She had just finished classes for the day. Yes, Mike was in her last class of the day. They usually sat with each other in the large lecture hall. But not today. She was too embarrassed to sit by him. They had awkwardly waved at each other across the room when they saw each other. But that was it. However, after class, Mike went up to her. They started to walk together.

“Hey,” Mike said.

“Hey.”

“Funny seeing you like this.”

Kelly dryly retorted, “What. With my clothes on?” She stared at him for a moment. Yes, he had seen her naked, but she wasn’t going to let it define her. And she wanted him to know it.

At this point, Mike was certainly the more embarrassed of the two of them. But he hadn’t forgotten the power he still wielded over her… at least until Friday afternoon. He summoned some courage.

“Look, Kelly, about that. It was just a bit of fun.”

“I see. A bit of fun. Mm hm.”

They kept walking together.

Mike then offered, “Look, how about you come over to my apartment for a bit. Have a cup of tea. We can talk about it.”

Kelly looked at him for a moment to gauge his sincerity.

“Okay. Sure,” she said. And they headed across campus and made the ten-minute walk to his apartment.

*****

Mike fumbled around in his pockets, looking for his key. Finally, he pulled it out and unlocked the door. He held it open for Kelly.

“After you, Kelly. Please.”

She walked into the apartment, followed by Mike. She put her bag down by the door and stepped into the living room.

She let out a squeal. Oh, shit. It was a trap. The asshole. Sitting in the living room were Brent and Chris, each with a wide grin on their face.

She stared at Brent. “What the fuck?”

Then at Mike. “You asshole!”

Then at Chris. A quick, shy, and courteous, “Hi, Chris.”

Glancing at all three of them, she nervously asked, “What are you all doing here?”

With a smug smile on his face, Mike explained, "Oh, you know. It was so nice to see you the other day, we wanted to hang out again."

Kelly glared back at Mike. "Yeah. I bet you did."

"Yeah. The thing is, you'll remember that you are still technically required to do what we say for the rest of the week. Right? Remember that?"

"Yes, I do indeed remember," she slowly affirmed with growing suspicion.

"Ah. I’m glad we're all on the same page. Well, get naked then!" Mike beamed.

"Oh, come oooonnn!"

"You want to pass your initiation don't you?"

"Yes, but..."

"Well, take your clothes off."

Kelly just stared at them. Mike grinning like a kid in a candy store. Brent elated to torment his ex, yet again. And Chris just sitting there, patiently waiting for the show. As if he had concert tickets. All he was missing was a program in his hands.

Mike said, “Anytime, Kelly. Anytime. We’ll start easy. Just kick off your shoes and socks. Let’s see those adorable little feet of yours.”

This was especially stinging to Kelly. During the hazing, Brent had revealed to Mike that she was terribly self-conscious about her feet. And Mike was totally playing into it, purposely maximizing her embarrassment.

“Really?” she pleaded.

“Really,” Mike confirmed.

She sat on the floor and pulled off her shoes and socks. She quickly stood back up.

She looked around the apartment. This somehow seemed much more intimate than when they were in the locker room. That was at least a common space. This was Mike’s apartment! She was being made to strip in Mike’s apartment! The increased familiarity was not lost on her, and much to her horror and surprise, was turning her on. Oddly, though, the sexual excitement did nothing to abate her embarrassment. In fact, if anything, it only heightened it.

Kelly attempted to play it cool. “Whatever, guys. You’ve already seen me naked. It’s no big deal.”

But Mike and Brent knew very well that was not the case. They could see her shivering just a bit. No, this was a big deal to her. Brent, more than anyone, knew how shy Kelly was about her body. The fact they had seen her naked before meant nothing. Every time Kelly would strip for them, it would be as if it was the first time. Brent knew it. And Mike could easily see it was the case as well.

Brent couldn’t pass up the moment to tease her a bit. He stood up and started walking around her. “That’s good, Kelly. That’s good. I’m glad to hear it. You’re getting more comfortable being naked. That’s great news for you. Because you’re about to strip down. I think Mike will tell you next to take off your pants. You’ll just be in your panties and top. He’ll probably have you twirl around so we can get a good look at your thighs again. Maybe make you bend over so we can study your ass through your panties. Such a great view. And we didn’t get to see you in your panties the other day. You were already totally naked when you walked into the room. So, now that I think about it, yes, we’ve seen you naked. But we’ve never actually watched you strip. Well, I take that back. I’ve watched you strip. Remember those times when I would just sit on the couch and order you to slowly get naked for me? You were so shy and cute about it. So we’ll get to do that again. But this time, Mike and Chris will be here to see it as well. So let me ask you, is it no big deal?”

Kelly was quaking on the inside. The butterflies had moved beyond her stomach. She was tingling all over. Not quite on fire, but getting there. She’d save the fire for when she was naked.

She looked at Brent and whispered, “Asshole.”

Brent stood back and looked at her. He cared for her deeply. They were still friends. Everything he said was playful. But he was enjoying the moment… perhaps a bit more than he should have been.

Brent looked at Mike. “Mike, I’ll let you take it from here.”

Mike casually sat down on a chair a few feet in front of the trembling Kelly.

“Alright, Kelly. I like Brent’s suggestion. Let’s start with your jeans. Go ahead and take them off.”

She looked around as if someone would save her. But no. No one would. She looked down and unbuttoned her jeans. They were relatively tight. So rather than being able to simply undo them and let them drop to the floor, she had to kind of wiggle out of them. The motion was almost more than Mike could handle. To get them off and over her ankles, she even had to sit down on the floor and struggle a bit. It caused her muscles to flex in a way that looked simultaneously adorably cute and undeniably sexy. Finally, she had them off. She stood up, holding them in her hand.

Brent reached out and took them from her. “Here, Kelly, I’ll take these.” He disappeared into another room for a second and then came out with his hands empty. He explained, “I just put them in the other room. You won’t be needing them for a while.” They shot each other a look. Friendly daggers between their eyes, but daggers, nonetheless.

Mike looked at Kelly. “I know it would be logical to have you take off your shirt next. But I thought we’d mix things up a bit. So how about if you leave your shirt on but take your bra off. I think that would be nice. That way, when you take your shirt off, voila! You’re already topless. What a fun reveal that will be! So yes. Absolutely. Bra off. Then you can hand it to Brent for safe keeping.

Kelly looked at Mike. She flatly said, “Perv.”

Mike smiled back. “Sticks and stones, Kelly. Sticks and stones. Now, bra off, please.”

With a sigh, Kelly reached her hands up and inside the back of her shirt to unclasp the bra. With a little maneuvering, she deftly got her arms free of the straps and pulled the bra out through her sleeve. Brent held out his hand as if he was collecting money on a toll road. Kelly dutifully handed her bra to him and he immediately hid it out of sight in the next room.

It was now starting to settle in for Kelly the completeness of her impending nudity. Not only would she be naked for the three of them, but she wouldn’t even know where her clothes were. Brent was hiding them somewhere in the other room. She wouldn't be able to get dressed if she wanted to. Holy shit.

Mike, still running the show, looked at her. “Very nice, Kelly. Very nice. So it’s an interesting choice now. Shirt or panties. Of course, we could go with shirt. Just do the reveal and see you topless right away. But I don’t know. I think it might be fun to see you in just your shirt. After all, what you’re wearing does go down below your privates. Just barely, but it does go below. And, turn around for a second, thank you. Yes, your shirt goes most of the way down your ass. Okay, you can face us again. Perfect. Very good. So yes, I’m going to say that you take off your panties. That will be fun, won’t it?"

Kelly couldn’t believe this would be her fate. And for the rest of the week, too!

She confirmed, “So, panties?”

The three gentlemen replied, “Yes, panties.”

Kelly wasn’t sure how to do it in the least revealing way. She hunched her body forward just a bit and turned profile. She slipped the panties down her smooth legs and off her feet.

“If you’d hand those to me, please,” Brent said.

Kelly did. Despite her overwhelming feelings of helplessness and shyness, she placed her panties in Brent’s hand. As before, he momentarily disappeared into the next room, tucked her panties away in some undisclosed location, and returned to the living room, all smiles.

Now, all three of the gentlemen were seated with Kelly standing before them in nothing but her shirt.

Brent suggested, “Mike, Chris? What do you say we have Kelly give us a little spin? It would be kind of fun to see her ass peeking out from the bottom of her shirt, don’t you think?”

Chris spoke up. “I concur. From what I recall, Kelly boasts some top-notch thighs and glutes. I’d be happy to see them again.”

Mike had no objection. He ordered, “Yes, Kelly. Great idea. Go ahead and face away from us.”

Reluctantly, Kelly turned her body. But she wasn’t ready for the next order from Mike.

“Now raise your hands high in the air.”

Holy shit. If she did that, the shirt would surely extend upward, fully revealing her ass. And yes, she knew they had seen it before. But still. That didn’t make it any better. But what could she do?

She meekly attempted to sway them. She turned her head over her shoulder and looked at Mike, pleadingly. “Really?”

“Really,” Mike smiled.

And so, up went the arms went, and out came the ass.

“That’s perfect,” Mike said. “Just hold that position for a moment.”

So there she stood. Arms up. Ass out. Her back to the three of them. She could feel their eyes on the backs of her thighs and on her ass. The moment seemed to go on forever.

Then Mike said, “Alright, Kelly. Nice work. I was almost thinking of letting you just keep your shirt on. But your captain told us to not go easy on you because you’re a girl. So I think the time has come. You need to take off your shirt. It’s time for you to be naked for us. Totally naked. For us. Again. Think of it as character building. But I want you to stay facing away from us. Then when you turn around, the reveal will be all that much more fun for all of us. So yes. Shirt off. Now. Please.”

It took a moment, but Kelly reached down to the bottom of her shirt and pulled it up and over her head.

Mike said, “Great, Kelly. Wow. You look so amazing from the back. We can’t wait to see your front, again. But first, can you toss your shirt back to Brent? He needs to put it with your other clothes. You know. For safe keeping.”

Kelly, still very much in disbelief, gently lobbed her shirt back in Brent’s direction. As before, he confiscated it and tucked it away in the other room. Then he came back. But instead of sitting back down, he walked around to Kelly’s front. He looked her up and down. She couldn’t believe his brazenness and instinctively covered her breasts.

Brent smiled. “Oh, Kelly. Remember? No covering. Looks like you’ll owe us a penalty.”

Kelly sneered at him. “Isn’t this whole thing a penalty???”

Brent simply reminded her again, “Hands at your sides, please. Hands at your sides.”

Resigned, Kelly dropped her hands.

Brent studied her front carefully, taking a moment for his eyes to linger at her breasts. Then he looked into her eyes. “All for the team, Kelly. All for the team.”

She inaudibly mouthed her lips at him, “Asshole.”

Then they had a moment that can be shared only by good friends who used to date. It was a moment of, “You’re okay. This is safe. I won’t let anything happen to you,” followed by, “I know. I’m okay. I’m good. I can do this.”

Brent came and sat down with Mike and Chris.

Mike ordered, “Alright, Kelly. We’re ready to see your front. It’s time. When I say three, you’ll put your hands behind your back and turn to face us. One… two… three.”

Kelly took a deep breath. She put her hands behind her back. She shifted her weight. And ever so slowly, she turned her body. Mike was in awe. He was speechless. He wanted her so, so much. No touching. Shit. No touching. But that’s okay. He was content to look for now. And imagine.

She looked at Mike. She felt even more exposed than she was. And of course, she was fully exposed. But beyond the physical nudity, she felt in immense vulnerability. She saw Mike looking at her body. Slowly. Starting at her feet and working up to her breasts. Then they made eye contact. They held it for a moment. And then another moment longer.

Brent recognized the look in Kelly’s eyes. He was truly happy for her. That didn’t mean he was going to go easy on her this afternoon, but he was happy for her.

Brent allowed Mike and Kelly to gaze at each other for a moment. But then it was time for her to come back to earth.

“Alright, Kelly,” Brent announced. It’s time for your penalty.

That snapped Mike out of it too.

“My penalty???”

“Right. Your penalty from covering up before.”

Brent turned to Chris and Mike. “What do you think, boys, what do you think? What penalty shall we give Kelly?”

They looked at Kelly and thought deeply. Kelly had no choice but to stand there, naked, hands behind her back… and await the next command.


Part 7 The Penalty

The anticipation was killing her. And good heavens. They were taking forever to decide what to make her do. The whole time as she stood there before them, completely naked, hands behind her back. Dutifully waiting. Oh, this alone was torture. Possibly even worse than after the task would start. At least she would be doing something. But to just have to stand there and wait? Absolute torture. Just watching them eye her from head to toe. Kelly felt a strange tingling sensation throughout her entire being.

Her initiators seemed to be enjoying the discussion. Brent and Mike certainly to a greater degree than Chris.

Brent suggested, “How about if we have her drop to her knees and tell us her favorite three things about giving blowjobs?”

Kelly shuddered at the thought. So humiliating. Please not that. Please, please, please.

Mike said, “I know. How about an interpretive modern dance?”

“Nice, nice,” mused Brent.

Kelly really couldn’t believe they were tormenting her in this way.

“Come oooonnnn, guys. Pleeeaaase. Can we just get this over with?” she pleaded.

Brent looked at Kelly and then at Mike. “She’s cute when she begs, isn’t she?”

Mike agreed. She was absolutely cute, begging in this way. But he was too nervous to admit it out loud.

Mike looked back at Kelly. He loved looking at her. He could have looked forever. He so wanted to touch her. To kiss her all over. To have her alone. To pleasure her in the most erotic way possible.

It was at this moment that Chris’ cell phone chimed with a text alert. He pulled it out and looked at it.

“Sorry, fellas,” Chris said. “And Kelly, too, of course. I just got a text from my roommate. He’s locked out of our apartment. So I’ll need to take my leave of this most stimulating session. Please forgive me.”

Chris stood up and picked up his bag. On his way toward the door, he stopped and whispered in Kelly’s ear. “Kelly, you’re a good sport. That wasn’t my roommate. It’s just time for me to leave. You won’t be naked for me again, I promise. Mike and Brent are good guys. But they’re taking this a little further than I’m comfortable. Sorry there’s nothing I can do to save you. They’re perverts. What can I say. But they’re good guys. You’re safe. I know that.”

Kelly just kept her eyes forward, not making contact with any of the three of them.

Chris turned to Mike and Brent as he exited the room. “Ta!” And he was gone.

Kelly appreciated the tiny bit of gentlemanly behavior she received from Chris. But in some ways, this was worse… and significantly more intimate. Chris’ aloofness had provided a bit of a buffer. With him gone, she feared that the full extent of Mike and Brent’s perviness had no reason to hide anymore.

Brent stood up and walked over to Kelly. Then Mike did too. They were both standing just a couple of feet in front of her. This was awfully close. She was never afraid for her safety. Both of these guys cared for her a great deal. But that didn’t keep the tension from rising significantly.

They just stood there. Eyeing her from top to bottom. Taking forever… and ever.

“Guys, please. Say something!”

Brent replied, “Sorry, Kelly. It’s just that you look so adorable, standing there all naked and nervous. I just needed to take in the moment.”

There was another long moment as Brent and Mike looked her up and down.

Another cry for action. “Please! Come oooonnnnnn! What’s the penalty???”

Brent and Mike went back to sit down.

Brent said, “I’ve got it. The perfect penalty. This will help you learn to never cover in front of us for the rest of the week.”

Kelly took a deep breath, nervous to learn what Brent had in mind. Mike, on the other hand was practically giddy, on the edge of his seat. He knew that whatever Brent would say was bound to be genius.

Brent looked at Kelly. “Let’s review some of the rules. We’re not allowed to touch you. Correct?”

Kelly nervously replied, “That’s absolutely right.”

Then Brent added, thoughtfully, “And we’re not allowed to make you touch us. Correct?”

Kelly, with more than a bit of sassiness, said, “You got that right, mister.”

Brent paused and leaned back. He stroked his chin in thought. “Interesting. We can’t touch you, and we can’t make you touch us. Interesting. But it says nowhere that we can’t make you touch yourself.”

Brent sat back in his chair and waited for the enormity of what he said to permeate Kelly’s soul.

A moment.

Then the color drained from her face.

She glared at him. “You’re not serious.”

Brent glared back at her with the smuggest of grins. “Oh, I’m very serious.”

Kelly stared at Mike and then at Brent.

“You’re out of your fucking mind.”

“You want to pass your initiation, don’t you?”

It was a high-stakes power play between Brent and Kelly. Mike was just there for the show.

“There’s no way.”

“It’s not up to you. It’s the penalty of your initiators’ choice. And we are your initiators. Unless you’d like me to call your captain and confirm. Although she seemed pretty clear in her instructions. And I get the feeling that she would be unimpressed if you were out of compliance. Who knows. She might even extend the duration of your probation period. Maybe two weeks. Maybe a month. Maybe all semester. Who knows. So I don’t know if you want to take your chances. Might be safest to just do what we say.”

Brent, having dated Kelly, knew her (literally) inside and out. He knew how terribly humiliating it would be for her to have to masturbate in front of him and Mike. But at the same time, he knew it would cause no trauma. No lasting damage. It would be embarrassing in the moment, but then it would be over. Of course, he also knew that she was extremely shy about her body. When they had been dating, he had asked to watch her masturbate. She did it once for him, but she was incredibly shy and timid the entire time. He found it to be sweet and endearing and exciting and stimulating all at once. And he couldn’t pass up the opportunity to see her like that again. Yes, they were friends. But who doesn’t like to have the chance to stick it to their ex from time to time? And what a chance this was!

Kelly weighed her options. No, she couldn’t risk having her captain extend her probation period. One week was more than enough! The thought of having to be a naked slave to Mike and Brent for any longer than necessary was more than she could handle. The endless anticipation of not knowing when she would be forced to strip. Any place. Any time. And what they might require her to do. Shit. If masturbation was on the table, who knows what other types of degrading tasks they might concoct!

“Fine,” she conceded. “Fine. But at least give me the couch. I can’t do it standing up.”

Brent was elated. He really wasn’t sure if she would do it, and frankly he had been just about to let her out of it and choose something much less demeaning. But she acquiesced. One point for Brent. Zero for Kelly. Again.

And Mike? Wow. He couldn’t believe his luck. And he didn’t even have to say anything or do anything. Just be there to see the show. Yes, she would forever brand him as a pervert, simply for being there. But at least he wasn’t the one to order it.

Mike and Brent stood up and relinquished the couch.

Mike made a gentlemanly gesture. “Right this way, Kelly. The couch is all yours.”

Sweet, shy, naked Kelly slumped over to the couch, completely defeated. She sat down. Mike and Brent sat down in two chairs a few feet away from her. They were all smiles.

Kelly arranged herself into position. She sat back, leaning toward the left. Her left leg dangled off the couch with her toes on the ground, her calf delightfully flexed. Her right knee was bent with her foot firmly planted on the seat cushion next to her. She propped her head up with her left hand as she brought her right hand down to rest on her thigh, just near her privates.

Mike couldn’t take his eyes off her. The way her hair effortlessly cascaded down toward her breasts. The way her breasts looked so soft and gentle and relaxed. Her pink nipples pointing so naturally out and up just a bit. The curve of her thigh as it met her calf. And of course, her adorable little naked feet. Mike so wanted to lick and kiss her from head to toe.

Kelly attempted one last out. “Are you sure?” It was the sweetest and most timid of requests.

Brent and Mike simultaneously replied, “We’re sure.” Their eyes were wide with anticipation. Mike, actually, had never watched a woman masturbate before. And he couldn’t believe his luck. He’d be watching Kelly! So incredibly beautiful.

Kelly found just a bit of sassiness. She looked at Mike’s crotch. “Enjoying yourself already,” she said.

Mike turned a little red. Brent laughed at him.

And with that, Kelly began. A bit timidly at first. She closed her eyes. She couldn’t bear to look at them looking at her. With her middle finger on her right hand, she started to make contact. She began with small circles around the outside. No penetration. Just some small circles.

Mike was captivated. Absolutely captivated.

Kelly leaned her head back further. Her circles got just a bit faster. Not frantic, but just a bit faster. She moved her left hand to her breast. She extended her forefinger and began to tease her nipple. It immediately perked up. She started to gently circle her nipple with her finger.

The two circling motions quickly had Mike in a trance. The circling above and the circling below. Kelly began to allow a gentle writhing and pulsing motion. Her chest would undulate, taking turns with her belly, and then down to her pelvis. It was a cascading type of undulation. Breasts, belly, pelvis. Breasts, belly, pelvis. The circling intensified.

Mike wanted to touch himself. But he knew that wasn’t an option. He hadn’t expected the level of erotic torture this would be for him. That didn’t keep him from enjoying it, but he hadn’t expected it.

By now, Kelly was immensely enjoying the physical sensations. And truth be told, her excitement was heightened by the fact that Mike and Brent (but especially Mike) were watching.

Dare she open her eyes and look at them? She briefly paused both motions. She opened her eyes. She looked at Brent. He actually was looking at her quite lovingly and sweetly. Not pervy at all, which seemed odd, given the circumstance.

Then she looked at Mike. Pure lust. But more than that. There was genuine caring and desire in his eyes.

Kelly suddenly felt a shot of embarrassment through her being. “Okay, guys. I think you get the idea.”

But Brent wouldn’t have it. “No, Kelly. You need to finish. That’s the task. You need to finish.”

Kelly took a deep breath. She looked at both of them. And then... she went back to work.





