Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 12

I try out new things and get closer to Monika.

Wow, thank you so much for the very nice and encouraging emails! I'm not a writer, but I try! I guess I should have written papers like this in college, and I would have gotten an A. And I know I mix tenses sometimes, and probably commas are sometimes wrong, but I hope it still makes sense.

Several people wanted me to say how things continued with Rolf, so I'll write about that this time. Also, I have to say that in this story I am probably more "bad" than usual, or as Kari would say, "Jenn, you are so wild!" But it was safe and so exciting, so here we go!

Wait, one more thing: My life was not just one continuous sex show. Yes, I spent a lot of sexual time with Monika and her husband (Martin), but I never mentioned here that we had wonderful days when they invited me to family outings, or when Martin took me to his workplace so I could see some of the technology they used (I was interested in computers), or once when I had a really bad flu and Monika came three days in a row while my mom was at work and sat with me and brought me tea and made sure I was comfortable. Or, when Rolf and my dad played pool at the rec center, or when they spent the afternoon trying to explain American football and soccer. It was all so fun!

Anyway, to get on with the story, after I got comfortable with Rolf, I found new ways to surprise him and satisfy my urges, and he always went along with me. We were so madly in love, and we went everywhere together. Even my dad liked him, and Rolf came over for dinner several times a week, and he always impressed my mom by insisting on helping with the dishes. A couple months after I met him, his parents gave him some money for his birthday, and we even went to Paris for the weekend. Obviously, my parents realized we were intimate by then, but jeez, I was twenty years old!

I still loved going to the theater with him, but now we were also able to try new things outside of the theater. For instance, previously it wouldn't have been exciting to just go in a secluded area of the park and masturbate by myself, but now with Rolf, we could go somewhere quiet and I could perform oral on him or he could lift my skirt and rub my pussy, even though we could have been caught. Sometimes I would stroke his cock and just before he came, I would kneel down and pull my bra forward so he could drench me, telling him I wanted to feel his cum on my body as we walked around, and he loved that. Or sometimes at night we would go for a walk in the park and he would sit on a bench, and I would straddle him and take his cock deep inside while I just gazed at him. That's the advantage of warm weather and wearing a skirt!

Anyway, that all happened in the coming year, and the timing of this story is during the first few weeks I knew Rolf and I wasn't on birth control yet, so we still had to be a little bit careful. But there was still a lot of fun to be had, and it even made us be more inventive.

But first I'll tell you about my next visit with Monika and Martin. My first order of business was to call Monika and tell them I wanted to make the movie we had been talking about. I knew nothing about how to go about it, so she put her husband on the phone since his English was better.

"Hello Jennifer, I will get the blank films for you, and I suggest we make an erotic one for your fantasies, and a normal one for your memories. The erotic one can be done all at once, and the normal one can be done over time, like maybe when you and Monika are walking down the street or in the park or having a glass of wine. She would like that for a memory too."

"Oh, you are so thoughtful! I love it! When can we do it? I hope you don't think I'm awful, but I really want to show the movie in the theater and see if anyone recognizes me. And I want to surprise Rolf too. He always says I'm so sexy, and he'll like seeing me on the screen and making all the guys jealous that only he can have me."

"No Jennifer, you are not awful. Nothing you do causes harm to anyone, and you and everyone else will like it. And Monika likes you very much."

Ok, this whole thing will make more sense if I explain how the theater worked. There were actually two theaters in one building. The first was larger and showed normal length movies of about ninety minutes. The second was smaller and showed four or five shorter clips of about ten minutes each that looped over and over. They were usually silent, and the purpose was to give the men a quick thrill if they only had a short time. I liked both theaters for different reasons. The big theater was more leisurely and let me be slower and more seductive and I could spend hours there. But the small theater gave me exposure to more men. I could sit naked right in the middle and if it was during the lunch hour, maybe a dozen men would come and go during that time, no pun intended. It was so hot when they would realize I was there and would watch me instead of watching the movie! But you know all that from my previous stories, and now I wanted to take it up a notch.

Anyway, Monika and Mike arranged for me to come over in a couple of days, and I was dressed as sexy as possible. But, I just couldn't compete with how Monika carried herself. When she opened the door, she looked so gorgeous with tight jeans and sandals and a white blouse and a wisp of hair brushing down over her forehead. God, if I were a lesbian, she would have been the one I fell in love with!

We hugged, and of course the first thing she asked is whether I would be spending the night, and I whispered that I would. She was so devilish, and said, "He has to leave for work in the morning, so we can stay in bed for a while, and then we go to the city and shop."

I won't describe the whole evening, because we started out as usual with a very nice dinner, and we then relaxed with a glass of wine. I really thought that I would be making my movie that night, but Martin laughed and said that it isn't as easy as that!

"You need to tell us what you imagine the movie to be. It should be a fantasy you have. Do you have an idea?"

"Well, it has to be me all alone because this is actually for Rolf, and I was thinking it could just show me coming home after school and walking into my bedroom and then looking at a picture of Rolf, which always makes me excited. Then I take my clothes off very slowly and get on my bed and put his picture on the nightstand where I can look at it. I start masturbating and rubbing my hands over my body, until I finally cum. I think everyone would like watching that, right?"

"I think it sounds perfect. And I think you should try it right now while we watch. We'll follow you into the bedroom."

God, I was already getting wet just telling them that, and now that they were going to watch me got me going even more! I stood and walked to their room with them behind me, and I started my fantasy.

I pulled Rolf's picture from my purse and looked at it, and set it on the nightstand. I turned to face them without looking them in the eye, although I could see that Monika had placed one hand on Martin, and the other hand on herself. I love it that their thrill is watching, and mine is to be watched, although we enjoy switching roles too.

I opened my blouse and let it slip to the floor, and did the same with my skirt. Now I was standing there with a see-through bra and panties and thigh high stockings. Maybe I mentioned this before, but thigh highs feel so good on a woman because the band grips around your leg close to your pussy, just like if someone is placing their hand there.

I sat on the bed, unhooked my bra and leaned forward and let it slip off. I decided to leave my stockings on because I thought they looked sexy, so I swung around and leaned against the headboard and opened my legs. After that first time at the theater, I was never one for modesty!

The whole time, I was imagining a movie camera was recording and this is what the men would be watching. My hand slipped into my panties and unlike a lot of adult movies, what my imaginary viewers were seeing was real excitement.

But I knew that this was a practice session for a real recording, and I knew that men in the theater would want to see everything, so I lifted myself up and slid my panties off, but not before bringing my fingers to my lips and tasing myself. I knew they would like that!

Now I was openly playing with myself, alternating between rubbing my clit, and then dragging my fingers through my wetness and bringing them to my nipples. God, I wished my boobs were bigger so I could reach them with my tongue, but the guys would have to be happy with this.

I glanced at Martin and Monika and now he had his hands in her jeans and she had pulled his cock out, so I guess I wasn't doing too badly. I had no idea how much time had passed, and didn't know if I had to speed things up or slow down, but there was no stopping me now. In the past I finished myself off in many different ways, sometimes teasing myself slowly and sometimes rubbing myself vigorously, and this time it would definitely be the latter.

I stretched myself out on the bed and opened my legs wide and rubbed my clit hard. Somehow I wished they would put a bed in the theater so I could give a real show, and just the thought of it brought be even closer to the edge. I started lifting my body off the bed, and soon my hips were moving up and down in rhythm with my fingers. I thought maybe ten minutes had passed by, so I let myself go, and my legs closed tight over my hand as my fingers pressed against my clit and my body went rigid.

I was so out of breath but I still smiled as I watched my friends quickly undress and climb onto the bed with me. I asked how I did, and Martin said, "That was amazing, but about eight minutes too long. You must practice."

Monika already had her hand between her legs and was watching me intently, and she said something to Martin. He then knelt over us and started to stroke his cock, so I could guess that she told him to masturbate and watch us. I could see that it was exciting for him, which made me happy. Monika turned on her side and faced me while continuing to pleasure herself, and she gave me such a look of desire. I could see that Martin was getting close, and he moved over closer and right above me. I smiled at him, giving silent permission that he should cum all over me.

A minute later, his hand went still, and I felt his cum splatter over my body. Only Rolf had done that before, and even to this day it is such an amazing feeling. I looked at myself and could see puddles on my belly as Martin squeezed out the last few drops onto my thigh. Just then Monika started breathing heavily and pushed herself against me, and I could feel her hand moving quickly against herself. It's so funny how the telltale signs are the same for everyone, because suddenly she stopped and let herself enjoy her orgasm. After she came down from that, she laid her hand across my body and smiled at me.

The three of us were all satisfied from our masturbation sessions, and we talked about how real sex is also great, but watching a partner in self pleasure is amazing too. I'm an expert at that, so I should know! We then turned out the light, and this time Monika didn't even wait until I was asleep, and softly spooned against me while putting her arm around and placing her hand on my breast. Martin did the same to her, and the three of us fell asleep just like that.

The next morning, Martin had already left for work when I awoke, and when I opened my eyes Monika was standing next to the bed looking at me and drying her hair, so she obviously had just gotten out of the shower. She was naked, and I couldn't help looking at her body. I honestly think I had a good body, and I think I still do, but Monika was on a different level. Imagine waking up and the first thing you see are her sexy hips, and then you look up and see her full breasts pushing out from her chest, and then her beautiful eyes looking down at you. My first thought was why does she even like a girl like me?? And then, because I think too much (as people always told me), I was suddenly insecure. Why didn't she wake me up so we could shower together? Is she bored with me? Did she give up on me?

I crawled out of bed, and she gave me a hug and she said I should take a shower while she put together a breakfast, and then we would go to the city for some shopping. While I was in the shower, I was wondering when she would step in with me and start washing me, but she didn't show. I stepped from the shower and grabbed the towel, and walked to the bedroom, and she was there. She handed me a new bra and panties, and said, "For you, you will look very nice."

I was relieved; I guess she really did still like me! I put them on, and then pulled my jeans up over my legs, and put on a sweater. I looked in the mirror, and thought if Rolf was there he would really approve.

We had breakfast, and then headed to the city. We went into our favorite store, and even though I was just a student and didn't have a lot of money, I loved shopping with Monika because she had such good ideas about fashion and I learned a lot. We walked through the store and Monika said something to the salesclerk. We went to the racks of dresses and started looking around, when she deftly moved behind me and pulled me close.

"Monika, what are you doing??"

Without saying a word, she placed her hand between my legs and my body kind of slumped against hers.

"It is ok, I am not touching you, I am touching only your jeans."

Hard to argue with that logic! She started to move her hands over me firmly but gently, and I admit I parted my legs slightly in response. I had touched myself like this through my jeans before, and it felt so good! I could feel her breath on the back of my neck, and I shuddered. I realized my earlier insecurities were silly, and she really did still like me!

"Monika, what if the clerk sees us?"

"She won't. I told her we wanted private time."

"Oh God, she knows what we're doing?"

"Maybe. And maybe she is watching. You like that, no?"

She knew me too well! I wanted to look around and see if the clerk was in sight, but I didn't want to disturb the moment, and just knowing that she might be watching was thrilling. This was different than in the theater. In the theater I could moan or stand up and lean against the wall and rub my pussy in full view, but here all I could do was allow myself a soft whimper.

She continued massaging me, and her other arm was on my stomach, holding me close.

She whispered, "I liked waking up with you. You can have fun with Rolf, but we can have fun too. You are so beautiful. We are good girlfriends."

Just hearing her soft voice like that was so erotic, and soon I whispered, "Monika, I'm going to cum. I can barely stand up!"

She applied more pressure exactly in the right place, and soon I was in the middle of a wonderful orgasm. This was different, because I had to remain still and silent, and everything was focused around her hand. I knew if I slipped my hand into my jeans, I would be soaking wet. How does she have this power over me? I didn't even resist!

I turn around and said, "Monika, you are so bad, I didn't expect that. But you are amazing!"

But then she took my hand and placed it on her and said, "Now, you make me feel good."

I knew what to do, and I remained in the same place, facing her with my upturned hand rubbing her through her jeans. I think this is why women are more inclined to play around with other women just for fun, because a guy has to actually take his cock out and the other guy has to rub it, but women can be much more erotic and discreet without even getting undressed. We were basically just two friends giving each other a massage.

"Am I doing it ok, Monika?"

"Yes, all that you do is ok."

She put one hand on my shoulder to steady herself, and I could see her hips move slightly to match my hand motions. I told her to stare into my eyes.

"Look right at me. I want to see your eyes the moment you are starting to cum. I want to feel what you feel."

She said, "You are so unfair. You say you don't play with girls, but you are so good at it. But I accept this. This is better than anything I experienced before."

That made me so happy! Such a sweet thing to say! I kept the gyrations of my hand going, and I could feel her hand open and close on my shoulder. But then her hand closed and didn't open, so I knew this was it.

I was less experienced and only knew what I did when I came, so I increased my hand movement on her and she could barely contain herself. And even though she was taller than me, she collapsed forward and rested her head on my shoulder.

"Do you feel good? Did I do ok?"

"Yes, I want you to visit me every day."

I laughed and said, "I'm sure you would like that, and so would I. But I think my schoolwork would suffer if I just spent the day masturbating with my best friend!"

We tried to compose ourselves, but we both still had that "look", and when we walked past the clerk, she and Monika said something. After we left the store, I asked what she said.

"She asked me if I found what I was looking for, and I said we both did."

"Monika! She really did know what we were doing! I can't go back there again!"

"Oh, it is ok. You don't know how many wives meet for things like this. It is fun, like when we practiced kissing."

I really wondered what my life would be like if I hadn't met Monika. I would still have fun in the theater, and I think I still would have met Rolf, and I would still be very sexual, but Monika gave me so much confidence! After being with her, I was never afraid to say what I wanted, and I was never ashamed of what I wanted. If I was with my guy and we were watching TV, I had no problem telling him I was horny and had to rub my pussy with or without him. If he thinks that's slutty, that's his problem. It's like when I first met Jim and acted so forward with him. He liked it, and if I hadn't asserted myself, we never would have become so close, right?

Anyway, we went to a café and talked. Luckily, it wasn't crowded, because our talk was about making my movie.

"Ok Jennifer, you need to first practice and find something that fits in ten minutes exactly. You can't finish too soon, and you can't finish too late. You understand what I mean?"

"Yes Monika, I've seen about a million movies of women masturbating. If I finished in five minutes, the last five minutes would be boring. I'll practice tonight." That would be an interesting conversation if my parents asked what I'm working on.

"Ok, good. Also, do you have a sex toy? I think not, because you would have told me of it by now. I think they are ok sometimes, but I prefer my own fingers mostly, but men like watching women with one. Maybe if you started with your fingers, and finished with the toy, it would be an exciting movie."

"No, I don't have one. All I've tried is a candle, a carrot, and a cucumber. The carrot is too hard, and the candle melts too easily, and the cucumber wasn't too bad, but still not right."

"No Jennifer, not a cucumber. You are not a farm girl. We will look in the sex shop for a toy you like. I will help you."

We left the café and walked to a sex shop further up the street. You have to remember that sex shops in Europe are not gross and dirty, and it's very possible that there could be a clothing store on one side and a bakery on the other. It is much less uptight there.

We went in, and obviously Monika knew the clerk, and I'm guessing she told him we were just looking around. Imagine how I felt! Despite all I did while exposing myself in the theaters so many times, I still had just had my first kiss and first date a week ago, and now I was shopping for a sex toy!

She showed me the different types, and explained the difference between a dildo and vibrator, and that if I liked what we did earlier, a vibrator would be best. We laughed at some of the dildos though, because some were huge and she explained that for some reason men like to see women use them. I told her I had to practice with Rolf a lot before I tried those!

We chose a vibrator and went to the counter. Of course, just like in the US, everything in a sex shop is much more expensive than it should be, and Monika started to negotiate with him. He spoke some English, and we switched to that for my benefit. She told him that she was a good customer and that this was my first vibrator, and he should even give it to me for free. The poor guy said he would get in trouble for that, but he would cut the price in half. It was like they were negotiating over a new TV or something! She replied back that it was still too much, but that she would accept it this time.

Monika gave him some money and he took the vibrator out of the package and made a point of telling me that he wouldn't charge for the batteries. God, it was so weird taking it from him, since he knew exactly what I would be doing with it.

We left the store, and although I have left the theater many times without feeling self-conscious, there was something about having the vibrator in my bag that made me feel like I had just robbed a bank! Or what if I ran into my mother! God, Monika would probably take her back in and buy a dildo for her!

"Monika, do you think Rolf really likes me? Do you think he just wants me for sex until he finds a real woman? Do you think any man will ever like me?"

"Oh Jennifer, you think too much! I am sure that many women would love to be as brave as you, and Rolf likes you very much. You have had a wonderful orgasm today, and I'm sure your friends haven't had even one. When I look at you, I see a very confident, loving woman. You will understand when you are older."

I felt kind of ashamed that she was now saying I was confident, when I was anything but that when I woke up and she was gone. I had to confess.

"Well, Monika, I would have had two orgasms by now because I always play with myself in the shower, but I was insecure that you got out of bed and took a shower without waking me, and I thought you didn't like me anymore. I guess it made me sad, but like you say, I think too much."

"Ok, you are not so confident, and you are very silly instead. I wanted to surprise you at the store, which is why I waited. Jennifer, I want you to never doubt me again, ok?"

I felt much better and I was walking on clouds! And she was right. Everyone was so nice to me and taking care of me, and here I was not believing it. I promised her I would do better.

She had to leave then, and I thanked her for the wonderful morning and of course the vibrator, and told her we could make the sex film when it was convenient for them. I knew it would be amazing!

After that exciting morning, I knew exactly where I wanted to go. I started walking towards Renate's theater, knowing that it was a little bigger and would give me more space to experiment with the vibrator. Little did I know it would be one of my most intense experiences there.

I walked in and handed Renata my bag, but took out the vibrator first.

"Is it ok if I use this? It's new and I never tried one before."

"Of course, you are my favorite. You can do anything unless they complain, and they never complain." I guess she was right. What would they complain about, that they couldn't concentrate on the movie?

I entered the theater and sat a few rows from the front. Even though most people would need a few minutes to adjust to the darkness, I had been there so many times I could find my way around blindfolded. This was also the first time that I decided I wouldn't get completely nude, since the thigh-high stockings and lacy bra felt so sexy on me. I'm sure the men wouldn't mind though!

I looked at the vibrator and put it on its lowest setting, and checked to see if I would feel it through my jeans. Omg, I could! I turned it up, but that was too much, even for me. But now I couldn't wait to try it for real, and unbuttoned my shirt and took off my jeans. I stood up and carried them to the women's restroom and came back out and smiled at the men. Some I recognized, and some were new. They probably wondered what was going on!

I sat in the front row so I could slide down in my seat and stretch my legs out. I was still wearing my panties, and I held the vibrator against my pussy very gently, and at that moment I knew the vibrator would be a regular thing. I think it was because it really wasn't like an extension of my body, and it was like someone else was touching me. It also made me think of a way that I could take advantage of that.

As usual, as I glanced backwards, I saw that the men were taking more interest in me than the movie and were waiting to see what I would do. I stood up and walked towards the front of the theater and leaned against the little stage and faced the seats. There were about eight men there, but I didn't make eye contact with them, preferring to feel their stares all over my body. The movie was playing behind me, and I became part of the show. Finally, one of them made the first move and stood up and walked towards the front of the theater where I was.

The front row was about ten feet away, and I motioned for him to take a seat. I parted my legs and slipped my hand inside my panties, and he could see my hand start moving over myself. I indicated that he should start stroking his cock, and he pulled it out and started masturbating. Usually I was a little more passive and just provided silent encouragement, but the vibrator that was soon to be put to use made me more assertive.

Now, the remainder of the men made their way down front, and like many times before, they sat down and their hands began slowly stroking their cocks while their eyes were glued on me. I smiled at the thought of how I was so innocent when I first started doing this and just relied on my naked body to excite them, and now I was wearing sexy things and using a vibrator. If you would like to know, I was wearing white stockings, matching panties, and a lacy see-through bra, which I was hoping looked sexy on me.

As they stared at me, fantasies swirled through my mind. I wished that Rolf was sitting there and looking at me, and that I could go over and rub my body against him. That made me think of the time that I asked Rolf to shoot his cum on me, and I imagined kneeling in front of all of these men and letting them do the same. I would never do that in real life of course, but just thinking it made me feel so bad!

I pushed the straps of my bra down off my shoulder and let it fall forward, exposing my breasts, just like last night. It's not like I had amazing breasts or anything, but I was only twenty so they looked really good to the guys sitting there! I pulled my other hand from my panties and hooked my fingers into the waistband and inched them down my thighs to expose myself. I let them fall to the floor and I kicked them off to the side. I don't know why I always did that, but maybe it was my way of showing them I was in charge and go ahead and look?

I held the vibrator up to my mouth and seductively swirled my tongue over it, and then turned it on to the lowest setting and brought it down to my pussy. This was the first time I had felt something like this, and it made me shudder as I let out a gasp. First Monika surprised me in the department store, and now this! What a day!

My legs became weak from the intensity of the vibrator, and I had to sit down. I told them I would take a seat and that they can stand in front of me and watch. I had learned that men are much more visual than women, so I didn't hold back on exposing myself at all. After I sat down, I slid ahead a little bit and left one leg rest on the arm of the seat so I was completely exposed.

More fantasies ran through my mind. I imagined I would tell Rolf to come in and pretend he doesn't know me and masturbate with the others, but then I would point to him and tell him he could shoot his cum all over my pussy, and everyone else would be jealous of him. Or, I imagined asking Monika to come with me, and have her seductively undress me in front of everyone, and gently massage me with the vibrator. The possibilities were endless.

But for the moment, it was just me and the group of men standing on front of me holding their cocks. I turned the vibrator off because it was too intense and didn't want to cum yet, but I still let it slide through my pussy before bringing it to my lips so I could taste myself. That created another fantasy where Monika and I could do that together and taste each other.

I turned the vibrator back on and teased my nipples, while my other hand massaged my pussy. I rarely spoke at the theater, preferring to almost pretend that I was alone, but this time I announced that I wanted to watch them cum. That must have triggered something, because within seconds two of the men let go with streams of cum in front of me. They stepped back and another guy came forward and did the same.

"That is amazing! You are going to make me cum too!"

The amazing [part if that a young girl like me could have a big group of men wrapped around my little finger, but that was half the fun, and they didn't mind. Anyway, I set the vibrator down next to me so I could concentrate on myself, and I started rubbing faster. Their eyes were glued to my pussy, and once again I brought my wetness to my lips and licked it off before going back down to finish myself off. The remaining men knew this, and increased their tempo too. Finally I started to cum, and I couldn't keep from convulsing in my seat. After I settled down, I looked up at my spectators.

"I won't leave yet, and you can keep looking at me until you cum. I want you all to be satisfied." One by one each guy came, and thanked me. God, I'd give anything to recreate that feeling again. That's why I found it so hot that first night when Jim and I played, and when Mike looked at me through the window on my deck. I love that!

The next day, Rolf didn't have to work and I met him downtown. I told him I had thought about him for two days and wanted to make him feel good, so we went straight to Andrea's theater. As usual, we entered and took seats in the middle where there was a big space between rows. Rolf undressed first, and then I just relaxed while he slid my jeans off and pulled my sweater over my head. I stood up in front of him and slowly slipped my panties off and released my breasts from my bra.

"Rolf, I don't know why, but I'm more excited than ever. Put our things down in the front and come back and sit with me."

Within moments we were sitting next to each other, and the other patrons were glancing at us. My birth control still hadn't kicked in, but we still had a lot of things we could do. We started making out, and I reached down and wrapped my hand around his cock, and couldn't wait for the day when it would be inside me. We sat back and we started mutually masturbating each other while watching the action on the screen. A woman was kneeling on front of a guy and sucking his cock, and I told Rolf I would be doing that before the night was over, and he said he would be doing the same to me. I can't even tell you how wet that made me!

We did this for a while, and it was so much fun. I'd slowly stroke him and then stop and make him squirm, but I knew that would make him cum so much later. And he'd do the same thing, and lean over and place gentle kisses on my body before placing his hand back over my pussy. The men in the theater were enjoying the show too.

Just then, the theater door opened, and a young couple about our age entered. Usually the couples that came in were a little older because they were mostly married couples trying to make their marriage a little more exciting, so this was different. Obviously they hadn't been here before, because they seemed lost while waiting for their eyes to adjust. The funny thing is that I barely remember what he looked like, but I remember every detail about her. She was a little taller than me, with dark hair that stopped just above the shoulders and she wore straight bangs that made her look so cute. She had very feminine curves that I am sure every man fell in love with, and her breasts were quite large. She wore tight jeans that showed off her very cute butt, and a vey tight sweater with bright and colorful horizontal stripes. The memory of her even now is so vivid!

Finally they made their way to two seats at the end of our row and sat down. Rolf and I stopped what we were doing and just sat there, but it was kind of hard to act casual since we were naked. They whispered to each other, and then she glanced over and saw us and they started whispering more. The guy leaned forward and said something, and obviously Rolf told them I didn't understand, but he must have also told them they could come over closer, because they got up and moved over next to us. She and I were in the middle sitting between Rolf and the other guy.

She smiled at me and said, "So, I speak some English. You are having fun?"

"Yes, we come here sometimes because we don't have our own place", not wanting to tell them we came for other reasons too.

"Yes, I understand that. We were just walking around and came in to see what it was like, and now we find that someone like us is here. You like getting undressed here?"

"Yes, it feels so free." God, I sounded like such a hippie dork, but that's all I could think of.

She and her guy spoke to each other, and then she asked me if it was ok if they undressed too.

Somehow I was suddenly insecure again, because her breasts were so big and Rolf would forget all about little old me, but I told her that it was ok.

He got naked quickly and tossed his clothes in a pile, and she stood and peeled her clothes off just like I did. At that moment I realized that women usually stand up to get undressed because our clothes are much tighter and we have to reach around to unsnap the bra. Details, details.

Both Rolf and I watched her as she pushed her panties to the floor, and we saw that she had very full dark pubic hair as opposed to my much lighter, fine hair. I laughed to myself when I thought about how Monika taught me how to neaten that up. Anyway, then she reached around and released her bra, exposing her beautiful breasts. She smiled when she saw that both Rolf and I were staring. Even I wanted to touch them just to see what they felt like!

She sat down next to me and said, "You are right, this feels good." Her guy was looking me over with approval, so I felt a little better that I didn't look too bad even compared to her.

We looked kind of silly just sitting there, so I made the first move and placed my hand back on Rolf's cock and started stroking. That loosened her up and she did the same. The other men were now ignoring the movie completely and looking at us, so I told her that no one would bother us and I found it kind of exciting.

She asked, "What else do you do?"

"Well, I am not on birth control yet, so I stroke him like this, and I take him in my mouth, and he cums all over me. He does the same to me. We have a lot of possibilities."

"So you have never had sex?"

"Not yet, but soon. I have to wait for the pill to take effect. But then, I'll want to do it constantly, I'm sure."

"And then you will do it here? While people are watching?"

"Oh, yes! That makes it even more incredible."

"So it would be ok if I did that now with my friend?"

"Yes, I would love to see that. Is it ok if we watch?"

She just smiled and said something to her guy, and slid down to the edge of the seat. He knelt in front of her with his cock sticking straight out, and started moving it up and down through her wetness at her entrance. I was watching intently, because I had only seen Monika and Martin up close before, and I wanted to make Rolf happy when we finally did it. I liked it that he teased her a little bit first, and I whispered to Rolf that I wanted him to do that to me when we started having sex.

My hand was gripping Rolf's cock and sliding up and down. He was watching them too, and probably thinking about how it would feel to plunge deep in me the first time. Just then, her guy slowly slid inside her and I heard her gasp, and I noticed that her nipples went hard. Watching how her pussy gripped his cock was so exciting, as was how her breasts gently moved with his thrusts.

She noticed me looking, and said, "You can touch my breasts if you like? You appear curious."

Honestly, she was so sexy and I really wanted to know how her boobs felt. But just then I had an idea.

"Yes, I'm curious, but would it be ok if Rolf touched you? You're so sexy, and he's a wonderful boyfriend, and I think he'd like it."

They said ok and Rolf moved over to my seat. I decided to just kneel down in front of him and watch while playing with his cock. Her guy was thrusting inside her and Rolf was sliding his hand over her body and feeling her breasts, and I could tell from the hardness of his cock that he liked it. I liked how he was gentle with her and not just grabbing and being rough, and it even made me proud of him. I whispered to him, "I want you to enjoy this", and leaned forward and took his cock in my mouth.

Rolf groaned, and the girl smiled at me. I think I even earned her respect! I had seen enough movies to know I should slide my hand down his cock as my lips slid down over him, and I wanted to do all the work so he could enjoy the scene next to him.

I came up for air long enough to ask her, "Will he cum inside you?"

"Yes, he does normally."

"Does it feel good? Rolf always cums on my body or in my mouth, but soon I'll be able to try it inside."

She laughed, and said, "Yes, it feels very good. I think you will like it too." She must have been amused by my questions.

Rolf and I had been playing for a half hour before they got there, and I could tell that he was getting close. I removed my hand from his cock and used only my mouth, knowing that he likes that a lot. I would open my mouth and go way down, and then squeeze it with my lips as I came back up, as though I was trying to pull the cum from him. I was far from an expert, but I was getting better at it.

He quickly stood and I put my face right in front of his cock and smiled, encouraging him to let go. What guy doesn't like that? He brought his hand to his cock as our new friends watched, and before he even finished two strokes, the first shot streamed across my face, followed by several more. He always seemed to cum a lot, but this was the best one yet. I licked what I could from the end of his cock, and scraped some from my face into my mouth, and that scene must have been too much for our friends, because just then the guy started moaning, obviously shooting his cum in her.

She brought her hand down to her clitoris, and started rubbing it make herself cum. Before he could even finish, she started convulsing in her own orgasm while his cock was still inside her.

We watched closely as he let his cock slide out, and then we could see his cum fill the folds of her pussy as it seeped out. God, I couldn't wait until I could do that too! Next, Rolf told me to switch places, so I sat down and he pulled me forward and started licking my pussy. I gripped the arms of the chair and was in total ecstasy, and the girl smiled at me and placed her hand on mine. That was nice! She obviously saw that I liked Rolf's cum, so to excite me even more, she took her other hand and drew her fingers through her pussy and brought them to her lips to show me that she likes cum too. That was enough to push me over the edge, and like always, my nipples went hard and my chest flushed. I grabbed the back of Rolf's head and held him against my pussy as I slowly came back down to earth.

Out of breath, we both collapsed back into our seats. I looked at her and said, "That was fun, and you were amazing! Do you only do it one time when you have sex? We always rest and do it again. Is that normal? I don't have a lot of experience, and don't know what other people like."

She translated that to her guy, and they laughed, and said, "Yes, we like to do it again. But we also need to rest first."

She and I talked some more, and I actually did feel her breasts, and I told her I couldn't imagine having them. She said I looked perfect, and wished hers weren't so big. I mean, they weren't huge, but rather they were the kind that men would notice when she walked in the room, and she looked very sexy. But it was nice of her to say that about me anyway.

We chatted some more, which was kind of funny in a way because we were all naked and I was playing around with Rolf's cock like we were all sitting at a café, but it was comforting to see that there are other people like me and Monika that are wild like this and who are also totally normal and pleasant he be around. And yes, we did play around some more that night, but use your imagination!

For the next chapter, you have a couple of options. I can tell about making the film at Monika's house and surprising Rolf with it and the adventures that followed, or I can go back to the present and talk about how things progressed with my new friends. Leave a comment below or send me an email, and I'll see what I can do. Bye bye!
