Steph's Story Ch. 01
byaussieboySA©

Dad had told me that they were expecting to arrive home around 6.30pm. It was now just gone 6.15. We live on a sheep station (known as a Ranch in the US) in the outback of South Australia, a medium size property in these remote parts consisting of around 700 square kilometers, just on the northern edge of the Flinders Ranges. Mum and Dad had left two days earlier to collect my sister from boarding school having just finished her final year of school in Adelaide which is an eight hour drive away.

I hadn't seen Steph for nearly a year now. I had also gone boarding school and finished the year before but had decided to go back packing through Europe with a couple of mates for nine months before heading off to Ag college just outside of Melbourne in Victoria next year. As a result I had missed Steph returning home for the holidays. I had also missed her eighteen birthday back in June. 

My name's Josh and at nineteen, I am a year older than my sister. I'm around 6 foot tall, fairly well built from working around the property and tanned skin. I have sandy blonde hair (usually a bit messy) and blue/grey eyes. I was a late developer and have very little body hair, practically nonexistent on my chest and just a few hairs here and there on my legs. Given the remoteness of where we had grown up, Steph and I had always been close, there hadn't been any local kids to play with (our closest neighbor is an hour and half away). There are no local schools, and our primary school education was with the School of the Air.

Last time I had seen Steph she was a tall and lanky, skinny and flat chested, she had always had a pretty, 'innocent' face, with a delightful smile, blue eyes and longish blonde hair. I was anxious to see how much she had grown up over the last year.

The weather was damn hot for this time of year, mid December, it had been hovering around 40c for the last three days, although during February we can expect it to get up to 46c. Hot, dry and dusty. I was getting around the house in just my kaki farm shorts, as I did most days. I had made sure the drinks were well stocked in the fridge for their return and had put a lamb roast in the oven to slow cook (Steph's favorite). You have to understand that we are a pretty close family and with farm life we all pitch in to help. It's the way it is in these parts.

I glanced out the window and could make a trail of dust on the horizon, this must be them (it couldn't really be anyone else, although we did employ a couple of people to work on the property but they had all gone away to their respective families for Christmas).

Not bothering to put a shirt on I went outside into the heat to wait for them. Sure enough after a couple of minutes I could make out dads new Land Rover Discovery thundering down the dusty dirt road.

He pulled up under the carport and before he had even turned of the engine, my sister Steph jumped out of the back seat. I was taken aback for just a moment as she raced over to give me a hug. I felt the coolness of her skin from the cars air-conditioning and the firmness of her breast as she embraced me, giving me a peck on the cheek, then she pulled away.

"Oh my God, what happened to you?" I stammered, "You've grown up!"

She stood in front of me with a big grin, then swung around "You like." she exclaimed with a giggle.

She had grown another inch or so, a guess to about 5 foot 7 inches, her blonde hair was pulled back into her customary pony tail, her eyes bright a blue and her beautiful smile. She was just wearing a short cotton skirt and plain pink tank top. As I took her in, I realized her body had filled out, her legs were long and lean, smooth and nicely tanned, flat belly, tight butt and firm, well rounded breasts.

"Wow, you look great."

"Thanks, so do you, shit its hot, common lets get out of this heat."

I helped dad with her bags and headed back to the coolness inside.

"Can I get you a drink" I shouted down the hallway to her bedroom where she had headed to unpack.

"Sure, what have we got?"

"Beer, wine, bourbon."

"Thanks Josh, I'll just have a beer." she yelled back.

I went to the drinks fridge in our family room, pulled out 3 beers, one for dad, Steph and myself, and then poured a glass of white wine for mum.

We had a great evening, catching up on the local gossip over dinner. Talking about what was happening on the property and filling us in on her various friends. We chatted about my trip through Europe, but not too much. There parts I would rather not talk about in front of Mum and Dad. This we could talk about later.

Mum and Dad headed off to bed around 10:00. Steph and headed outside to catch up on the real school gossip. For the next hour she filled me in on who was seeing who, who had hooked up with who and so on. I asked her about her boyfriend, Derek, she told me that they had split up a couple months ago. I heard her murmur under her breath 'soft cock' and I couldn't help but laugh. She grinned back at me.

"Something you want to talk about?"

"Nah, no big deal, Ill tell you about it another time."

"Hey, what's the plan for tomorrow?" she asked

"I'll be out doing the water run."

"Want some company."

"Sure." I replied

"Got to be up early though, want to try and beat the worst of the heat."

"Sure, no sweat."

The 'water run' as we call it, involves basically following the main water lines across the property, checking there are no leaks and that all the water troughs and windmills are working properly so the stock can get water. During summer we have to do it each week and generally takes 6 -8 hours round trip. It would be good to have some company.

"Common, we had better get to bed, early start."

"OK, see you in the morning, wake me up."

I went to bed fasinated at how my younger sister had grown up. A year ago she had been a skinny kid and now she had blossomed into a very attractive, dare I say it, hot young woman.

I woke early with my normal morning stiffy and fought off the urge to have a wank, instead pulling on a loose pair of boxes (I always slept in the nude). The sun was starting to come up and there was some partial light. I padded down the hallway still half asleep needing to pee with my semi hard dick tenting out my shorts, I stepped into the toilet, tuned on the light then nearly walked straight into my sister, scaring the crap out of me, sitting on the toilet.

"Shit, I'm so sorry, sorry." I stammered as I tried to back out.

She had an instant look of surprise as the light flicked on and her eyes met mine. Her eyes slowly lowed as she spotted my tented boxer shorts less than 2 feet in front of her face. Her mouth broke into a smile.

"You'd better put that thing away before you poke someone's eye out."

I stepped back out of the toilet feeling rather embarrassed and headed off to use the other bathroom and take a shower. I'll have to be more careful how I get around the house.

When I had showered and dressed I went into the kitchen, mum was already up and was making breakfast of eggs and bacon. Steph came in a few moments later still wearing her night shirt which was basically just an over sized T-shirt that came down to upper thighs, I could just make out the slight sway of her breast as she walked through. No bra, I thought to myself

"Morning" she said as went over and gave Mum a peck on the cheek

"Smells great, I've really missed home cooked meals."

"Well, make the most of while you can." Mum replied

"I'm gonna go with Josh on the water run."

"Oh, I was hoping we could spend some around here together today." Mum looked a little disappointed

"Can we do it tomorrow, I haven't seen Josh since last Christmas holidays and I would really love to go around the property."

"Sure, we have plenty of time before you head off for Uni next year" Mum replied.

Steph had a tentative acceptance into Vet science next year, the only catch was that is was in Perth, Western Australia, might as well be on the other side of the world. Mum really missed having a female around.

Steph walked out through the kitchen door to the veranda and put some food out for the dogs. The morning air was still cool and as she came back inside I could see that her nipples had stiffened and stood out against her over sized T-shirt like the tip of my pinky finger.

Pay back.

As she passed me I whispered just loud enough her to hear, but not Mum.

"You should put those things away before you poke someone's eye out."

She looked up at me and then down to her breasts, I could see her face flush slightly as she smiled and then giggled bringing her hands up to cover them.

"I'm off for a shower." and then took off

"Don't be long, breakfast's nearly ready" Mum called after her, none the wiser.

I felt my dick give a slight twitch at the thought of her hard nipples but quickly dismissed it from my mind. Being so remote, you don't get to see attractive women on a daily basis, sister or not, a 19 year guy with raging hormones can't help but notice these things.

"Where's Dad?" I asked Mum as she served up breakfast

"He's out fueling up the Land Rover and checking the tool box and pipe fittings, shouldn't be long"

A couple of minutes later, Steph came back in, freshly showered, her hair pulled back into a pony tail, wearing kaki work shorts, a button up RM Williams shirt over a black boob tube and RM Williams boots.

We finished breakfast, grabbed the sandwiches mum had made for us and some bear out of the fridge (for the end of the day), dropped it all into an esky with some ice packs and headed out the door.

We climbed into the Land Rover Defender, turned on the UHF radio. No mobile phones out here.

"Give us call on the radio if you have any problems and let know when your heading back so know when to expect you home." Dad said to us.

"Is that so we don't catch you and Mum doing it." I replied

Dad just shook his head and laughed.

"Ooooo, that's so gross." Steph said as we pulled away from the house.

I just grinned at her.

The first couple of hours were easy, we chatted about various things at school again and I filled her in on some of the missing bits I hadn't mentioned in front of Mum and Dad of my Europe trip.

We checked all the water troughs along the way, the sun was starting to belt down and it was getting really hot. We stopped at one of the watering holes that was quite shaded for lunch. We also radioed back home to up date our progress. On a property like this it's really an Occ-Health and Safety requirement to do so.

I was hot and sweaty so I pulled my shirt off and dropped my face and then my whole head in the water trough to cool off, when I turned around Steph was looking at me. I noticed, albeit for a fleeting moment, her giving me the once over.

"What?"

"Nothing." her face flushed just a bit

"Guys are so lucky.....whenever it suits, you can just rip your shirt off."

"So can you, if you want." I laughed.

"Oh sure, you would like that wouldn't you, anyway with some of these rough tracks out hear, I should be wearing a sports bra let alone nothing at all."

"Serves you right for having such big 'pups'" I teased her.

She had already taken of her button up shirt just leaving her boob tube with a strapless bra underneath. She looked down then cupped her breasts pulling them up.

"My boobs aren't that big."

"They're bigger than they used to be"

"I think they're just right, anyway you shouldn't be looking." She teased back, still cupping them.

"I'm a 19 year old bloke, what do you expect, I can't help it."

"Typical" she said giggling

Is she flirting with me? My dick twitched in my pants again as I glanced over her well covered breast. A flash of her hard nipple poking through her T-shirt this morning passed through my mind.

"Common, lets get going, got a ways to go yet."

Over the next couple of hours we went further along into the back blocks of the property, the tracks got rougher and the going was slower. Several times my mind wandered back to this morning when I walked in on my sister on the toilet and then the vision of her hard nipples through her T-shirt again. I thought about what she said about guys being able to take their shirts off and mentally pictured her sitting across from me topless going across the rough terrain with her breasts swaying back and forth. With these thoughts combined with the motion of the vehicle I had felt my dick start to swell and before long I had a raging hard on, feeling uncomfortable restricted against my jocks in my shorts.

I snuck a glance at my sister out the corner of my eye, I was sure she hadn't noticed.

Thankfully, pushing the thoughts out of my mind, my cock went down. We continued along stopping at each of the water troughs, everything was in good working order along the way, not much maintenance required. We were probably only about 20 minutes from our last stop. The further-est watering hole on the property. The most remote part of our property. This was a particularly pretty spot with a spring fed water hole surrounded by huge River Red Gums and had a large rock face with a gentle slope that went down into the water. The water was usually clean and cool.

When we were kids, Mum and Dad would bring us out here to camp, in more recent times Dad had built a small hut with two small bedrooms, a modest living area that included basic kitchen with a gas fridge and stove. Out the back was a simple shower and a compost toilet, there was semi permanent campfire area at the front. The hut was positioned about 30 meters away from the water hole, just enough incase the creek bed ever flooded. The hut was always stocked with basic bedding, non perishable food and day to day stuff. 

It was used primarily for us, friends or relatives that wanted a remote getaway but occasionally the odd 4WD tourist or shearer passing through would make use of it.

We pulled up to the water hole.

"Wow, I really missed this place." Steph said as she got out

I pulled out the esky and an old picnic blanket out the back of the Land Rover and took them over to the large rock that sloped gently into the water. I laid out the rug about 10 feet from the waters edge, pulled out a couple of beers and we sat down. The air was hot but beer was cold, they went down easy. I reached back and pulled out a couple more. Not being a big drinker I could feel just a slight buzz coming on. Steph and I sat silent for a few moments.

"So....what happened with Derek?" I asked

She looked at me

"Hey....you want a joint?"

"What....were in the hell did you get that?"

"I didn't know you smoked pot." I said surprised

"I don't normally, just on the odd occasion."

She reached down into her back pack and pulled out a small tin. Out of it she pulled a small joint and a lighter. She lit it and then drew back before passing it to me, I did the same and passed it back. We finished it between us then both sat there feeling some what buzzed but rather pleased with our selves. It is not something that either of us would typically do. It was still unbearably hot.

"C'mon, lets go for swim." Steph pulled at my arm as she got up.

"I haven't got my bathers." I mumbled

"Don't be such a baby!"

She pulled her boob tube up and over her head, revealing her strapless black bra, my heart skipped a beat as I thought of what she said earlier, thinking she was about to remove her bra. Instead she undid her shorts and let them fall to the ground. Almost in front of my face her perfectly shaped ass cheeks were exposed to me. White skin where they had been covered by a bikini, in contrast to her tanned legs and back. A thin strip of material from her g-string disappeared down between her ass cheeks. I felt my dick automatically swell in my pants.

"You coming." Steph snapped me out of trance as she walked down to the water.

Not that I had ever considered my sister in a sexual way but being a 19 year old male with raging hormones in such an isolated place, it only takes the wind to change and I would get an erection. My eyes were glued to her ass, the way it swayed as she walked, her long legs, she took a leap and dived into the water.

I jumped up, kicked my boots off and dropped my shorts. I was wearing just plain white jocks. Steph had surfaced and was facing me. I was conscious of my cock that had swollen, not erect but swollen none the less, there was no hiding it and my head was buzzing, what the hell. I moved down to the water and waded in, Steph's glance at my crotch didn't go un-noticed.

The water was cool and relaxing and my head cleared a little. I was floating on my back in my own world when all a sudden, out of no where Steph jumped on me pushing me under the water, I gulped for air and pushed myself up. Steph screamed with laughter and jumped away. I splashed after her and managed to grab her ankle pulling her back through the water. As she was pulled backed she ducked dived and spun around under water trying to grab my legs. My hand slipped from her ankle and she came up behind me wrapping her arms around neck and her legs around my legs trying to dislodge me. As we wrestled I was conscious of her breasts pressed against my back and her thigh as she wrapped around me, pressed across my dick. By this time I had a full blown erection, if Steph had noticed she certainly didn't let on.

I couldn't shake her off, so I pushed my self backwards and Steph squealed as we both went backwards underwater. We floundered around in the water and she let me go. I jumped up, thinking I had won, Steph was still under, we were in waist deep water. All of a sudden I felt a yank on my jocks and she tried to pull them down but they got caught on my hard dick, she pulled again and they came straight down to my ankles and then before I could even react, Steph came up out the water behind me giving me an almighty shove. With my jocks hooked around my ankle I couldn't move my feet to brace myself and over I went falling face first into the water. Steph dived behind me grabbing my feet, pulling them up to make sure I went fully under and pulling my jocks completely off. 

I surfaced and spun around, Steph had moved away about 6 feet and had a huge grin on her face.

"Missing something?" as she raised her hand holding my jocks, then with lunge she threw them up and onto the bank beyond where we had been sitting.

I felt my cock stiffen and I enjoyed the feeling of water against my now unrestricted bits

"Game on," I hissed as I lunged at my sister. 

She squealed with laughter and turned as she tried to push away, this time I was too quick and grabbed her from behind, as I threw my right arm around her my hand landed over her left breast and pulled her back. I wrapped my legs around her to lock her tight against me. My hard dick was pushed up against her back, there was no mistaking it. She squealed again, arching her back and managed with her free hand to reach around her back and firmly grabbed my hard dick I hesitated for a moment. I wasn't expecting that, she squeezed it hard and gave it a quick pull sending an electric current through me, I faltered, she let me go and broke free. As she pulled away I managed to grab hold of her bra strap, she was desperately trying to pull away. I quickly grabbed the back of the bra with both hands, one each side of the clasp, with a quick twist it came undone. Steph fell forward grasping for her bra but I was too quick this time.

She swum away then turned to face me in the water still giggling. Under the water I could just make out the darker circle of her areola and nipple against the white skin of her breasts contrasting against her tanned skin, my dick twitched in the water.

I looked at the tag next to the clasp of her bra.

"Mmmm C cup I see" 

She just poked out her tongue at me, I turned and threw her bra up on to the stone ledge where my jocks had ended up.

I turned to face Steph, not done yet and instinctively she stepped back. She turned and dived, her ass came out of the water and quick as a flash, anticipating what she was about to do, I leapt forward and managed to grab the material of her g-string on her hips and as she went down into the water I pulled back and they peeled of in my hands.

I stood up straight in the waist deep water unaware that half of my hard dick sticking up in front of me was now exposed above the water. 

Steph re surfaced and turned around to face me and squealed with laughter pointing at my penis. Embarrassed I quickly dipped below the water again. I held up her g-string in my hand.

"Missing something?" 

Then threw it up on to the rock. It fell just short of the rug. She smiled and poked her tongue out at me again.

She swum towards me with her shoulders below the water until she was about an arm length away and then stood up, her breasts coming out of the water. I felt like I was going to cream myself. 

"Wow" I whispered under my breath

They were magnificent, round and pointy, sitting high on her chest, firm with hardly any sag. I took in her dark pink areolas about the size of a twenty cent piece and could clearly see the little bumps on them caused from the cool water. Her stiff nipples stuck out straight and hard. 

She reached up and cupped them, her nipples poking between her fingers.

"See, I told you that they're not that big."

"They look just fine to me."

"Awe shucks, thanks", she was patronizing me

Taking her hands away from her breasts she stepped forward and reached down wrapping her fingers around my hard dick. I wanted to pull away but it felt amazing like an electric pulse passing through me again.

"Oh my God....did I give you this," as if she didn't know

She gave it a gentle pull and a moan slipped past my lips then she let go and moved away and lowered herself back below the water. She was smiling that mischievous smile I had seen so many times before

Oh oh, what's she planning in that head of hers?

"Did your sister give you a stiffy," she almost giggled

"My dick can't tell that you are my sister," feeling a bit flustered and a lot embarrassed.

"Well you can't stay like that all day, maybe you should take care of it."

"Are you suggesting that I should........................"

"I'm not suggesting anything, I just said maybe you need take care of it, thought it might be a bit more comfortable for you"

"Here, I'll even give you a bit of privacy."

She turned her back to me and made for the edge of the water, her body coming out of the water as it became shallow. I watched her naked body from behind as she walked up the rock and stopped to pick up her g-string, she simply bent down at the hips and for the shortest moment I could see her pussy lips and dark pink puckered hole of her arse. She turned her head to look back at me with that same mischievous and a twinkle in her eye. My dick twitched yet again and felt like it got even harder if that were possible.

Steph continued past the blanket to collect her bra and my jocks and then turned around. For the first time she faced me completely naked. I took in her beautiful tits then let my eyes go down, she had a belly ring when did she get that? My eyes dropped further to her pussy, it was completely smooth and bald, I could just make out her soft pink pussy lips.

"Wow!"

I fully expected her to put her underwear back on, get dressed and amuse herself with my dilemma but instead she just hung them on a near by branch then laid down on the blanket naked, propped up on her elbows facing me with an amused look on her face.

She took a mouthful of her beer and then held it up

"Want one these?" she teased

"You're enjoying this aren't you!"

"Best fun I've had in ages, hey, I wont tell anyone," winking at me.

Ah shit, buggar it. I'll call her bluff. I had made up my mind.

I moved closer to the edge and once there lifted my self out of the water and onto the rock. Standing naked not ten feet in front of my sister blushing furiously. My circumcised dick was rock solid and stood up straight and hard in front of my body, the head was purple and swollen with my clean shaven balls hanging below and neatly trimmed patch of light pubic hair above. I'm no expert but I've always considered my 7 and a half inches to be a healthy size, I certainly didn't feel inadequate, just embarrassed as my sister did a long slow wolf whistle.

Steph stared at my hard penis as I walked up to her. I looked over her body again now at close range. I took in her smooth tanned calves and thighs, her legs were slightly parted and I could make out the smooth curves of her hairless pussy lips, her flat stomach with a diamond belly ring then up to her firm breasts and stiff nipples. She still had drops of water over her body. I looked at her face, she was still looking at my penis then hey eyes lifted to meet mine.

I felt awkward standing naked, in my aroused state, in front of my sister.

"You shave your balls"

"Yeah, a girl I met in Europe made me do it, I've done it ever since" I replied, feeling my face blush more.

"Cool."

"You shave your Minge"

Steph laughed.

"Waxed actually, I had it done just before I came back home."

"Cool!"

I laid down on the blanket next to Steph and took a drink from my beer. The beer had warmed in the heat but my throat was dry.

"Well?"

"Well what?" My heart was racing

"Well, what are you going to do about it," pointing at my erection

"Nothing in front of you."

"Why not? Doesn't it hurt?"

"No!"

"It must be uncomfortable."

"A little," I replied feeling a little exasperated about this conversation regarding my man hood

We sat for a few moments, the Steph rolled partly on her side and brought her finger to the base of my tight ball sac and then lightly traced it up to the base of my penis and continued up to the head. The feeling was ecstatic. My dick jerked involuntarily off my stomach. Steph giggled.

"What are you doing?" I asked her as she repeated it

My dick jerked off my stomach again.

"Nothing!" she replied with that mischievous smile.

She was now using several fingers and tracing them around my testicles up my penis to the sensitive part on the underside up the head. My dick jerked and twitched with each stoke.

"Shit....doesn't feel like nothing."

"Cant leave you like that, especially if its my fault?"

"I'm don't think you should be doing this."

"Does it feel good?" she said .

"Mmmmm," was all I could groan.

"Then don't worry about it, we're adults, no ones getting hurt, I'm just lending a helping hand, no pun intended."

I knew it wasn't right but the feeling was too good to stop

"You have a nice dick."

I looked down, by this time Steph had her thumb and fore finger wrapped around the base of my cock while the remaining fingers were cupping my testicles. With firm but deliberate strokes she brought her hand from the base upwards to the head of my cock and back down again, slow and deliberate strokes. A drop of pre come had formed at the tip of my cock and she brought her next stoke all the way to the top milking more of the clear fluid out of the tip. I was in ecstasy.

She moved her body and sat up pushing my legs apart. I was in no position resist. She climbed over my leg so she was kneeling between my legs. I watched as she held my dick upright and with another firm stroke squeezed another large drop of pre come out of me. She then used the finger of her other hand to smear the clear smooth liquid around the head of my dick paying special attention the sensitive bit on the crown of the head, nearly sending me over the edge. She absently lifted her finger to her mouth and licked it. I knew I couldn't last long.

She opened her mouth and took the head of my penis into her mouth. She held it there and used her tongue to swirl and massage around the head. Her hand started to stroke ever so slowly up and down the base. She moved her mouth down massaging my shaft with her lips and tongue and taking all of me into her mouth. She came back up and repeated until she had a regular rhythm going. She was holding me just on the edge. Her mouth was warm and wet, she pushed down taking all of my cock into her mouth for just a few seconds, her nose just touching my trimmed pubes. My head was swirling with the sensation of what her mouth was doing to me.

She continued sucking up and down on my dick whilst her hand massaged the around the base and my balls. After just a minute or so I could feel the sensation building deep within my balls. I wasn't sure if I should come in my sister's mouth.

"Your gonna make me come," I croaked

I could see a smile form around her mouth that was wrapped around my dick bobbing up and down. She pulled off and smiled.

"That the point isn't it!"

Then took my head back into her mouth and sucked harder all the way down my shaft, pushing and pulling my cock all the way to the back of her throat. I could feel the sensation of my orgasm building fast in my balls. This was too much for me to take. My back arched, my dick stiffened, I could feel the pulse of electricity go from the base of my testicles right through me and straight up my spine, making my head spin. Steph stopped moving her mouth and just held the head of my cock in her mouth jerking the shaft with her hand, my hips bucked involuntarily pushing my dick further into her mouth

I let go and started spurting hard into her mouth, it was so powerful it caught me and her off guard, my hips bucked again as I spurted the second then a third and then in quick succession a fourth, fifth and sixth into her mouth. She was swallowing what she could. My hips still tensed and lifted of the ground as she started moving her mouth again slowly sucking, her hand squeezing up and down the shaft milking each last drop out. 

My body started to relax. It was too sensitive and I had to pull her off, she looked up at me with a smile but she had a look in her eye. I couldn't read her expression. She had swallowed most my come except for some that had leaked from the corner of her mouth and down her chin. She scooped it up with her finger and pushed it into her mouth. She brought her mouth down to mine and our lips touched I instinctively opened my mouth as she pushed her tongue in and swirled it around. I could taste my come in her mouth. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. I've never had any particular hang ups sexually.

"Holy fuck that was awesome!" 

"I'm glad you liked it, do you always come that much or that hard?"

I felt a little embarrassed

"Nah, it's just been a while," I replied

She smiled and moved herself forward up my body straddling herself over me. She sat on me with her pussy on my stomach and then took both my hands up to her breasts. They felt amazing, firm and full, not too big, not too small. I traced my fingers around her areolas and played gently with her nipples.

"Hmmm, that feels so nice," she whispered 

She moved my hands away and lowered herself down bringing her breast toward my mouth. I opened my mouth and eagerly took her right tit into my mouth, sucking and swirling my tongue around her nipple. I alternated from the left to the right for the next minute or so. Steph was moving her hips back and forth rubbing her pussy against my stomach, I could feel the wetness of her pussy juice. She moaned as I continued sucking and licking her breasts and nipples.

Steph pulled away and lifted her self up on her knees. Her eyes locked on mine as she slid her hand down to her wet pussy and ran two fingers through her slit and slowly up into pussy and back out. I could see the wetness on them as she moved her hand up to her left breast, still wet with my saliva, and rubbed her fingers around the nipple and then lifted her fingers to her mouth to suck the juice off. My cock was still hard and jerked off my stomach, at the sight. She moved her fingers moved back to her pussy and dipped back inside before bringing then to my mouth. Her eyes, glazed over, were still locked on mine. I opened my mouth and sucked her fingers.

"You've made me so wet," she whispered.

Still up on her knees, she moved forward up my body till her wet pussy was right above my face. I could clearly see those smooth pussy lips and as she spread her knees further apart her lips opened more and I could see the soft pink folds inside her. It was beautiful. She lowered herself on me and I licked from the base near her bum hole all the way up to her clit tasting her juices and feeling her softness of her smooth hairless lips. Steph moaned with pleasure.

It was my turn to 'help' out.

I continued licking, exploring her with my tongue. I felt her tight hole her soft inner lips and I teased her clit. It only taken the briefest moment and she was grinding her pelvis against my face. She groaned again and pulled herself from my mouth rolling herself away and on to her back next to me. She reached over pulling my shoulders towards her and then pushing me back down her body. My mouth back onto her pussy, she lifted her knees back and spread her legs wide, completely exposing herself to me

"My knees were hurting," she moaned as I once again licked her pussy.

I started to lick again from the base up to her mound in long steady strokes. Steph brought her hands down and spread her pussy lips open to give my complete access. I licked circles around the opening of her cunt before moving up to gently tease her clit. Steph's hips were gently rocking against my face matching to strokes of my tongue. I brought my finger up and slowly slid it into her. She felt warm and tight and very very wet. I took my finger out and slowly dragged my finger downwards. A combination of her pussy juice and my saliva had run down her ass crack and I took my finger down until it brushed over her puckered bum hole. I kept it there gently teasing her hole in a circular motion

Steph moaned and with one hand on my head pushed me down, my tongue sliding through her slit down to her arse. I sucked and licked at her hole whilst her hips continued to push against me. She moved her spare hand to her pussy and alternated between fingering herself and playing with her clit. I pulled my tongue away as she pulled my face back up to her pussy and I continued to circle her ass hole with my finger and then ever so gently pushed forward. The tip of my finger eased into her up to the first knuckle and I could feel the smoothness of the inside walls of her anus.

Steph pushed her hips against me harder as she moaned again, my finger sliding a little deeper into her,. I continued licking and sucking with more force alternating from her pussy to her clit while I gently slid the tip of my finger in and out of her ass. Steph's hips started bucking hard against my face as she matched my strokes. She let out a cry and I felt her pussy and ass contract and spasm around my finger. Her hands grabbed my head holding me still as she orgasmed hard against my face. 

After a few moments her body started to relax. I slowly slid my finger out of her arse and took my mouth from her pussy, I looked up to her face, covered in sweat. Her eyes opened and then a smile spread across her face.

"Holly fuck, you are soooo bad!"

Before I had a chance to respond she sat up and reached down for my cock, which was at full mast. Wrapping her hand around it she pulled it forward toward her pussy bringing my mushroom head up against her opening. I leaned back and gently pushed the head of my cock into her. She was so tight, I kept pushing, watching as the whole of my cock slowly disappeared into her pussy until my pubic bone was pushing up against hers. I stopped and didn't move, just enjoying the feeling of her tightness.

"Common, don't just sit there, fuck me!" Steph hissed between her teeth as she pushed her hips against me. 

I pulled my cock nearly all the way out and then slowly back in with deliberate strokes, slowly to start with then gradually building up speed. It wasn't long before we were fucking in steady rhythm, our sweaty bodies moving as one. I could feel the urge to cum starting to build again. Steph had her hands on my shoulder and was pushing her hips against to me meet my every stoke.

It was hot and her face was covered with sweat as she lifted her face to my chest taking my nipple into her mouth and biting gently between her teeth. I continued to fuck faster and harder, I'm no marathon man but having come not long before I was able to give it all I was worth and Steph was giving back just as hard.

"I'm going to come soon," I mumbled after a few minutes.

I could feel the sensation building in my balls again. Steph quickened the pace, "Just do it, I'm ready," she hissed through her teeth" My balls slapping against her ass. Steph didn't miss a beat pushing her hips back just as hard with each stroke.

"Oh fuck," I groaned, as the familiar electric sensation pulsed through my body, my cock deep in her pussy, I came hard, this time spurting my cum in her pussy. Steph moaned and wrapped her legs around tightly round my waste locking me hard against her as her own orgasm hit. Locked tight together,. I could feel Steph's pussy contract around my dick, her hip pushed tightly against mine as her own orgasm erupted inside her.

We both started to relax as our orgasms subsided. I felt my dick slowly starting to soften as I slowly let it slide out of her pussy slick with the combination of my cum and her juice.. I watched as some of my cum leaked out her, Steph eyes were still closed as she moved her hand to her pussy, lightly rubbing her fingers through her slit playing with the fluid. We were covered in sweat and short of breath.

After a moment or two she opened her eyes and started laughing.

"Mmmm, that was fucking awesome, guess we're both going to hell now." 

I didn't know what to say, I just looked at her with a half grin on my face.

Steph sat up leaning forward and reached out for my now semi soft cock. She leant down taking it into her mouth and gently sucked me in. having just cum twice in last 10 minutes I needed a break. She sucked it in and out three of four times before pulling back.

"Common lets go for a swim".

We got up and went down to the water. It was cool and refreshing. My head had stopped spinning and we quietly relaxed in the water not speaking for the net few minutes while I digested what had just happened.

Finally I spoke. "What just happened?"

"Well, firstly you got a boner looking at your sisters tits, then I suc.........."

I cut her off. "I know WHAT just happened but.....you know what I mean."

"Well the way I see it, its just two people, you know, getting off," She teased

I couldn't believe this was coming from my conservative, proper little sister.

She swam over to me, putting her arms on my shoulders and wrapping her logs around my midriff so her pussy was pushing against my cock, which was partly semi erect.

"Cmon, lets get out, I'll fill you in."

Letting me go she swam to the bank to get out and I followed after her.

I pulled out 2 more beers as we both lay down on the blanket butt naked and she started her story.........

Steph's Story Ch. 02

"Well," She started

"Back in August after the school holidays I made a new friend, Tash. I had seen her around school but we had never spoken. Anyway we met at this party and got chatting. She had moved down from Brisbane with her family. She didn't have a boyfriend which surprised me because she was absolutely gorgeous, long straight brown hair, light olive skin and sweet brown eyes. Smaller than me, with a more petite body."

"We had a few drinks, danced a few times and chatted about all types off stuff. She had wicked sense off humor and we really hit it off."

"So over the next couple of weeks we started hanging out together at school and I got to know some of her friends who were all really nice. Derek complained a couple of times that I was spending too much time with her and my new friends."

"Anyway, one lunch time Tash told me her dad was having a big barbeque at their place on the weekend for all his 'big wig' business buddies and asked if I could come along and give a hand, just help to serve food and drinks, that sort of thing. I told her that would be great."

"So the following Sunday I drove over to their place. They had an awesome house in the Eastern suburbs with an in-ground pool. I met her mum who was frantic in the kitchen getting ready and then her dad who was busy organizing stuff outside. They seemed really nice."

"Just as we were heading back inside when this really hot looking guy comes out from around the side of the house. He looked at me and our eyes met, he smiled and Tash introduced me to her brother Aaron. He was really good looking, dark hair and the same eyes as Tash, he was reasonably tall, slim but well built."

"Aaron continued smiling as he shook my hand and thanked me for helping out, and that he was looking forward spending more time with me during the afternoon. Tash sighed and rolled her eyes at him letting him know that I already had a boyfriend."

"I could feel myself blushing, Tash grabbed my hand and pulled me back into the kitchen to help her mum."

"The afternoon was great, we mingled with their guests serving drinks and nibbles. Aaron was in charge of the bar and every time I looked across he would be looking at me. I needed a new drink so I went over and had a chat with him. He was really nice, asked about school, family, where I came from, he seemed genuinely interested in the Station and farm life. I found out that he was nineteen nearly twenty and at Uni doing law. He was easy to talk too, no bother, just like Tash."

"At the end of the day they all hugged and kissed me good bye. It made me a bit homesick realizing how much I missed my own family".

"The next day I went to see Derek, he was in a foul mood, pissing and moaning about this and that, he complained that I didn't even come and watch him play football because I was at Tash's house."

"After such a great time the day before I just wasn't interested, and told him I was leaving. And get this, then he had the gaul to ask for sex, yeah right, like that was gonna happen."

"So is that when you broke up with him?" I interjected.

"Nah, I was just annoyed at him at that stage."

I took a drink from my beer, wondering where all this was going as Steph continued.

"That night I got a call from Tash telling me that her parents were going away the following weekend and she was having a few girlfriends over for a sleep over and would I like to come."

"I knew that Derek wouldn't be happy but I was still pissed off with him, so I agreed to come."

"The following week dragged on forever and sure enough Derek had a huge dummy spit but called back later to apologize, we agreed that we would spend some time together on Sunday."

"I got to Tasha's late after netball, the other girls were all ready there. Tash met me at the door hugged and kissed me, I could smell the champagne on her breath. Evidently they had already started."

"Tash led me through to the back family room and called out to Aaron to get me a drink."

"My heart skipped a beat and I said to Tash that I thought it was a girls night, she just waved her hand in the air and said he was fine, he had nothing on tonight and that he would keep out of the way, anyway she added, we need a 'whipping boy' to get drinks and organise food, we both laughed but I couldn't help feel a twinge of anxiety at seeing Aaron again."

"There were three other girls whom I all knew, Sophie, a petite girl with mousy blond hair, pretty face, friendly but quiet, almost a bit shy. Karen with dark curly and bright blue eyes and a loud personality. The third girl was Sarah, a blond, blue eyed bimbo, or so I thought. Tash had told me that she was actually highly intelligent and put the bimbo act on just for fun."

"It was a typical girl's night, we ordered in pizza, watched a chic flick, had some drinks, gossiped and laughed a lot, by about 10:30 we were all a little drunk so we moved into Tasha's room and got into our pajamas. Tash had told me that I could share her queen sized bed and had organised mattress's and quilts on the floor for the other girls."

"We settled our selves down on the beds, I was feeling a little drunk and the conversation turned to boys and sex. I was shocked at first at how openly the girls talked about it especially Sophie. Her and Sarah were comparing different boys they had had sex with, who was a better kisser, who had the bigger dick, who lasted longer, who gave the best head. They even got into a discussion on different techniques for giving head and hand jobs. Karen and Tash would chip little bits in every so often and there lots of laughing."

"Wow, do girls really talk about that stuff?" I interrupted again.

"Well, these girls did." She continued on.

"I had never considered myself as a prude, in fact I had always prided myself on being open minded but I was starting to realize how innocent and naive I really was. I had only had one boyfriend being Derek."

"After a while Sarah blurted out "lets play Truth and Dare" all the girls eagerly agreed. I was a bit worried, I had heard about it but had never played. I think Tash picked up on my nervousness and put her hand on my knee and whispered that it would be fun and to relax."

"Sarah and Sophie had jumped up and were at Tasha's desk frantically writing on bits of paper, giggling like crazy and whispering between themselves. Karen explained the rules of the game."

"Firstly, what ever happens away, stays away, meaning, every thing stays between us. There are two bowls, the first has questions, the second has dares. We take turns in picking out one of the questions and reading it out loud, each girl then has to decide out loud if they will answer the question truthfully or choose a dare. Once every one has decided, a dare is taken out of the second bowl and read allowed. Each girl that chose truth has to answer the question 'truthfully' and the girls that chose dare has to do the dare. That simple, I'll add at this stage I was just about shitting myself my mouth was dry and my head was spinning."

"Sarah went first and the first question was 'are you shaved or natural?' Sophie answered first for truth, Karen said truth, Tash said truth Sarah said truth, they all looked at me and I said truth too."

"Sophie admitted taht she shaved and had been for over a year, she loved the way it felt and the guys really got off on it, Karen was natural, Sarah had a landing strip, Sophie wanted to know it was for a Cessna or a Boeing. Tash admitted that she shaved once but preferred waxing, although it hurt like hell it lasted for ages. Sarah joked that Tash and Soph could do each other. I admitted that I didn't have very much pubic hair anyway so I just did my bikini line."

"No big deal so far."

"The next question was 'do you prefer circumcised or skin?' Everyone again picked truth. Sophie surprised me again by saying she didn't care, a dick is a dick. Tash, Karen and Sarah all agreed that circumcised was better. I had only ever seen one real dick before, being Derek, and he wasn't circumcised. I decided that from pictures that I had seen I preferred circumcised, just like yours." 

She reached out and gave my semi hard dick a squeeze.

"The next question to come out was 'have you ever pashed a girl?' Sophie and Sarah both chose dare the rest of us chose truth. Karen said she hadn't and that she was just into boys. Tash then surprised me by saying that she had and it was fun. I admitted that I hadn't."

"The dare was pulled out and Tash laughed as she read out that Sophie and Sarah had to 'give head' to the bottle they were drinking from for a whole minute. The girls screamed with laughter as it had been them that wrote the dare. They got started and really got into it. sliding their lips and mouths up and down the bottles whilst we watched and cheered them on. It was quite erotic in a strange sort of way."

"Karen pulled the next question out which was 'do you own a vibrator?' Once again all the girls squealed with laughter and picked truth, including myself. Sarah admitted that she didn't but would like to, Karen agreed saying she was too embarrassed to go and buy one. Sophie said she had bought one a year ago and Tash admitted that she had two. I of course said I didn't own one. The girls were giggling away and Sarah asked Tash what sort she had and where did she get it from. Tash gave a wry smile and got up and went to her wardrobe, she rummaged around for a moment and then came back with two vibrators in her hand, throwing the larger one to Sarah. She caught it and held it up. It was pink and the top half was very realistically shaped just like a real penis. The head was molded and veins running across the shaft. There was nub sticking up from the base at 45 degree angle with little rabbit ears at the end and small beads around the base."

"Sarah played with the settings and turned it on. It evidently had three settings, depending on which buttons you pressed you could make it twist and rotate or just vibrate or both. Sarah past it to me, I could feel my face burning, I had never seen a real vibrator let alone touch one. It was made of silicone so it was soft and smooth yet firm. The other vibrator that Tash was holding was also pink, fairly thin and smooth. Tash told us that the silicone one was a Rabbit I-Vibe and it was absolutely awesome, the smaller one came as a free-bee with it from the Adult Shop up on Glen Osmond Rd. The thought of entering an adult shop absolutely terrified me."

"We carried on, the next question was do you spit or swallow? Fact was for me, I had never had a guy come in my mouth. I wasn't adverse to it, in fact I wanted to try it but every time Derek got close he would pull away. I did try to hold on to him once but he managed to pull away at the last moment and ended cumming on my face and neck. I thought it was pretty funny but Derek didn't. I still laugh about it when I think of how embarrassed he got."

"At this point I didn't want the other girls to know how inexperienced I was so I chose dare as did Sarah. The others chose truth. Sophie said she swallowed adding that what's good for the vagina is good for the mouth. Karen said she didn't like the texture and spat, Tash admitted that she happily swallowed before pulling our dare out of the bowl."

"Our dare was to go topless for the next round. Sarah and I looked at each other. I could feel my face going red again, Sarah had a long T-shirt whilst I was wearing a tank top and boy short knickers. The other girls started egging us on and at the same time we both pulled our tops off exposing our boobs, the girls started cheering. Sarah had an athletic body, her boobs were bigger than mine, maybe nearly a D cup, round and soft with small pink nipples. They bounced lightly as she laughed." I was conscious of the girls looking at my breasts. Sophie let out a slow wolf whistle."

"Its not like I hadn't got undressed or seen other girls in the showers after sport and stuff but this was different."

"It was my turn to take out a question, I nervously put my hand in the bowl and took out the bit of paper, I read it out aloud 'have you or would you do a threesome?' Karen went first saying dare, Sophie, Sarah and Tash said truth. Again I wanted the girls to think I was more experienced than I was so I chose dare. Tash and Sophie both admitted that they had been in a threesome but they wouldn't tell us the details, Sarah said that she hadn't but would in the right situation. I must admit that I was again a little shocked at how open and experienced these girls were."

"Karen pulled a dare out of the bowl you have to French kiss the girl on your left for 30 seconds she read as she blushed, remember, she was the one that said she was only into boys. The other girls squealed with laughter. This meant Karen had to kiss Sarah and I had to kiss Tash. Karen and Sarah went first. Karen was really tentative and Sarah smiled as they came together. Their lips touched and they started kissing, slowly at first. Sarah took the initiative and opened her mouth gently pushing her tongue into Karen's mouth. Karen was a good sport and kissed her back, their tongues playing with each other whilst Sophie counted out loud. I had never seen two girls kissing before in real life, it looked really hot and I could feel my nipples getting hard. When they got to thirty Karen pulled away, her face was flushed and lips wet. Sarah told her she was a great kisser and if she ever wanted to do it again just let her know, she pulled her T-shirt back over her head and I glanced one more time at her largish boobs noticing that her small nipples were very hard. I'm sure the other girls noticed too."

"All eyes were on me and I turned to look at Tash, my heart was racing. Let's give them a show she whispered to me. She leant in and I licked my lips, our lips met and she kissed me ever so lightly, she parted her lips and her tongue caressed my lips before slowly sliding into my mouth. She tasted like champagne and I could smell the sweetness of her breath. Her tongue explored my mouth as I pushed my tongue into her mouth, our lips pressed together. She sucked my tongue into her mouth, her hand cupped the back of my neck pulling us close, my bare breasts touching up against her covered ones. It was so amazing. The touch and feel, the smell and taste of kissing another girl, her mouth was soft and wet as our tongues played together. My nipples were rock hard and actually starting to ache, and I could feel my pussy getting wet, I pushed my boobs hard against Tash, to get some relief as we tongued each others mouths."

"I wasn't even aware of the other girls as Sophie called 30 seconds. I could have kept going but we pulled apart, I opened my eyes and Tash was staring directly into them she looked different, I was now feeling quiet drunk and felt the urge to lean in and kiss her again.. I looked at the other girls, they were all staring too. Sophie had a dead straight look on her face and mumbled "Oh my god that was so hot." I pulled my tank top back over my head. I was conscious of my wet pussy and had to change my position so the girls wouldn't see the wet patch on my knickes."

Sitting on the rock in the heat listening to my sister tell me about kissing this girl whilst half naked with a group of girls watching on had my dick rock hard again. 

Steph looked down "Does thing ever go down?"

"Not when you're sitting next to me naked telling stories like that," I replied.

She reached her hand over wrapping her fingers around the shaft and lightly started stoking me, with her free hand she took a mouth full of beer.

She continued on with her hand wrapped around my dick gently stroking it up and down.

"The game went on for a while and I did my best to keep up but the rest of the night was a bit of a blur. I do recall that there was hysterical laughter more nudity including a group boob flash at Aaron. The next day the girls said he nearly creamed himself."

"When I went to bed I was feeling drunk and some what horny, not that I was in any state to do anything about it plus I had head spins. I really liked sex, a lot, but it was then I realized emphatically how naïve and inexperienced I was. The other girls were still chatting in the back ground but I couldn't really make out what they were saying or keep my eyes open any longer."

Steph went quiet for a moment, still gently stroking my cock.

She leant down and took my dick into her mouth sliding her lips down the shaft whilst massaging the base of the shaft and my testicles with her hand, her tongue swirled around my engorged head. After few moments she lifted her mouth from me, continuing to stoke me softly with her hand. 

"So, the next day I went and saw Derek, I was still feeling horny, sort of like a heightened state of arousal. I kept thinking of the night before and it was getting me pretty worked up. His parents were out and I took him straight to his bedroom. I made him lay on the bed whilst I did a slow strip tease for him. I could see that he was hard and started to remove all his clothes. We were both naked and I straddled him and leant down to kiss him. I wanted him to kiss me like Tash had the night before but he was clumsy and didn't really get into the tongue thing. I went down his body and took his dick in my hand and studied while I jerked him, like I said he wasn't circumcised and he had thick pubic hair and hairy balls. I figured he was about 6 inches long. I sucked him into my mouth and concentrated on my technique, I wanted him come in my mouth to taste what it was like but after a couple of minutes he pulled me off and rolled me on to my back."

"I thought for a moment he was going return the favour but that wasn't to happen and probably never would. He reached into his bed side table and pulled out a condom, even though I had been on the pill since I was sixteen he insisted. We had never had sex with out one. He climbed over me and slid his dick in and started to hump. He went for about a minute groaning a couple of times, I was just starting to get into it when he grunted and came, collapsing on me. I could feel his dick starting to shrink as he pulled out and rolled off me pulling the condom off and throwing in the bin. He got dressed and went back to the lounge to watch the footy. I hardly got warmed up."

"I think that was that point when it hit home, things weren't the way I wanted them to be. You know that saying 'Are you living the life want? If not, why not', well that how I was feeling"

"I got dressed and headed back to the school, feeling frustrated and unsatisfied."

"I was nearly back to the school when a light came on in my head, I made a bold decision. I turned around and headed back towards Glen Osmond Rd, to the Adult Shop."

"I had never been into a sex shop and was a nervous as hell but determined not to chicken out. I figured it was Sunday and hopefully the shop would be quiet or maybe even empty if I was lucky. It didn't take long to get there and I pulled up the rear entrance."

"I had always thought of Adult Shops as dark, seedy places run by short, over weight middle aged, balding men but Tash had said she was served by a lady who was helpful and very professional."

"Mustering all my courage I got out the car and went in through the back door."

"The shop was clean and well presented, there was a middle aged woman at the counter who smiled when I walked in. I walked along the isles mesmerized by what I saw. There were all sorts of things, whips, chains, double ended dildos, butt plugs, costumes masks, lubes, massage oils, games, everything you could imagine, or more in my case, I only worked out what some of the things were later. Across the back wall were racks of adult DVD's and magazines. The lady at the counter came across and asked if I was looking for anything in particular. My heart was racing but I held firm and told her my friend had told me about a Rabbit I-Vibe, she smiled and said it was one of their best sellers. She led to the side wall where there was an assortment of vibrators, different shapes, styles and colors. She reached up and took one off the shelf. A Rabbit I-Vibe, pink, the same as Tasha's, she mentioned that it came as a package deal and also got down a smaller one too. She showed me how to put the batteries in and gave me free pack plus a free tube of lube. I left, feeling very proud of myself for taking such a bold step."


