Kate’s Story
byLuv4hotwives©

Kate’s Story Pt. 01: The Hot Tub

I was a little nervous as Greg and I pulled up to the beach house. I was the only girl there and while I got along with all the guys, they were Greg's friends not mine. I didn't want to be the boring girlfriend that ruined everyone's good time. At the same time I could tell they all had little crushes on me. I figured maybe if I was a little bit of an innocent flirt it will help them accept me. I was also excited about getting more quality time with Greg. He wasn't great in bed yet, but practice makes perfect and this was a great opportunity to get lots of practice.

The lake house was impressive "Wow, this is really nice." I commented. I saw the cars and realized the boys had beat us there. Not a surprise, Greg drives like a Grandpa.

"Yeah I think it's bigger than my parents house!" Greg added. "Let's head in, I can carry the bags." He was such a sweet heart!

Steve greeted us warmly at the door. He was an attractive guy and was a few inches taller than Greg. "You guys are finally here! JJ and Dean are already in back by the hot tub getting a head start on drinking. Your room is right over here. Why don't you two get changed and join us in back?"

I noticed Steve check out my body as he showed us to our room. I have to admit the attention made me feel really good. I was even getting a little turned on.

As we got ready I looked to Greg for a little reassurance, "Greg you are sure the guys don't mind I came along?"

"Are you kidding? If they had girlfriends I can guarantee they'd be here right now too. Besides, you're so much fun to be around that they might even like you more than me!"

"I don't know about that." Greg is sweet, but I was sure he was exaggerating to reassure me.

Greg walked up and grabbed my breasts "Oh trust me with these they definitely like you more." He said as started to kiss my neck. I was happy that we seemed to be thinking alike as far as me being a little flirtatious.

I laughed "Well good to know if they started hating me I can just give them a little show to win back their affection!"

"Little show?!" He said acting all worried.

I laughed, "Greg RELAX I'm just kidding, you know I'm all yours." I was already horny and this conversation added to it. I kissed Greg felt his hard penis. It was good to have validation he was turned on by the idea of me flirting. I suggested he get a condom, and he wasted no time getting one.

We'd only had sexed a few times. Greg didn't last long and his size was a little.. Underwhelming. I knew from earlier fooling around stamina would be a problem, that is why I've had him use condoms even though I'm on birth control. I figured it would desensitize him. He still came quickly, but I figured it was due to the condoms not staying on very well. I bought a bunch of condoms for the trip. I was hoping he didn't realize the snug fit label meant that they were small condoms.

I got the condom on his dick for him, I was so horny I wanted to get things moving. To my delight he lasted much longer than the other times! The small condom experiment was a success! He hadn't gotten me off, but I was close. I pushed his head down, so he could finish me off.

As Greg ate me out I fantasized that he had never used the condom. I don't know why, but the idea of a guy going down on me after I've been filled with cum really turned me on. Of course that wouldn't work with Greg so that's why it had to be fantasy. He was really good with his mouth though, I had been teaching him to eat my pussy, and he learned really fast.

I snuggled next to Greg after I came. He traced his fingers over my legs and pubic area. "What do you think, isn't my body like crazy smooth today?"

"Oh yeah," he replied. "I can really tell the difference between shaving and waxing." I had been nervous about getting a full Brazilian, but I was tired of shaving. The results though had me feeling very sexy.

I realized the boys were probably wondering what was taking so long and I told Greg we should probably get out there. We put our swim-suits on and headed out.

The boys weren't in the hot tub yet, but were sitting on the patio enjoying the sun. I couldn't help, but appreciate the sight of these guys in their swim trunks. They were all fairly fit, but not overly so. I had no idea how they could all be single, but I did appreciate the sea of eye candy.

"Finally!" Steve said. "Couldn't wait until later to fuck your hot girlfriend could you Greg?"

I playfully slapped Steve's shoulder. "Hey I can't help it that a girl's got needs!" I loved that he had referred to me as the hot girlfriend!

"Then why are you with Greg?" Dean teased. I laughed not just because of the funny burn on my sweet boyfriend, but also the fact unknown to Dean that Greg really didn't quite fulfill all those needs yet.

JJ got drinks for each of us, and we plopped down and started to put on sunscreen.

I heard Dean's voice from behind, "Hey Kate do you need help with your back?" It was such a sweet offer which I was happy to accept. It felt great as he applied the sunscreen. Honeslty it was more of a massage, but I wasn't complaining. The guys all playfully flirted, and I was beginning to get turned on. All the while Dean moved his hands lower and until his fingers slid into my swim suit and grazed the top off my butt crack. I was a tad shocked, but I loved his strong hands exploring me.

Dean finished and moved back to his chair. I laid back and quickly put my legs together so no one could see how wet I was.

When the sun moved behind the clouds it got a bit chilly and I convinced the guys to jump in the hot tub.

Steve sat across from Greg and I while JJ and Dean were to either side. The drinks kept flowing and I began to get to know the boys better than ever. Steve eventually opened up about his lady troubles. I felt so bad for him, here was this sexy great guy! No matter how I reassured him it didn't help. The poor guy had never even seen a girl naked in person!

I don't know if it was the sexual tension that had built during the day or the alcohol, but it began to occur to me I could help him. His lack of experience hurt his confidence and I could give him that experience. I already knew it would excite Greg.

I decided I was going to do it! I crossed the hot tub and stood up before Steve. "Tell you what..." I paused to consider my next move one last time. I had butterflies in my stomach. "If that will make you confident consider this an early birthday present."

I felt so powerful and sexy as I reached behind my neck. I took a breath and untied my suit and let it drop. I stood there with my breasts Completely exposed to these three men. I took control, grabbing Steve's hands and putting them on my chest. He was almost frozen in shock, so I told him to go ahead and play. I was feeling more turned on as he groped my breasts and rubbed and pinched my nipples.

While Steve was playing with my boobs he looked down at my waist. The water came to my belly button. I knew he wanted to see my privates, so I figured why not? I climbed out and sat at the edge. I spread my legs just enough that Steve could get a clear view. For that matter JJ and Dean had a great view too!

It didn't take long for Dean and JJ to admit they had similar lady problems and seeing me naked helped their confidence too! I listened as they told me stories and I offered a sympathetic ear. I felt like I was their good friend now that they could talk to me so openly. It gave me a feeling of pride that I helped their confidence and having them paying so much attention to my naked body made me feel really sexy.

I was getting a little hungry, so I made a joke to change the mood from the boys complaining about failed attempts at romance. We all agreed it was time to get out of the hot tub and go out for some dinner.

I started to dry off and the boys thanked me for helping them. I told them it was my pleasure to help. I glanced down at their still wet swim trunks clinging to their bodies. I could see the outlines of their penises! They all looked bigger than Greg, which was no surprise, especially Steve who looked huge. I couldn't help, but wonder what they were like hard.

Greg and I went back to our rooms to change. Now that I was a little more sober and the rush from my exhibitionism was started to subside I began to wonder if I went too far. I thought I did nothing wrong, but would Greg see it that way? It wasn't long before he asked, "what was all of that about?"

I explained to Greg that I was just trying to be a good friend and that if things got out of hand it was really just the alcohol. Just to be safe I apologized and did my best sad face hoping he was fine with everything.

Greg replied that it was all fine except for maybe letting Steve play with my breasts. I apologized again to my surprise Greg replied with a very specific request. "Please just no more letting Steve play with your tits ok?"

I was elated! Greg made no complaints about me getting naked, so he must have enjoyed that too. Even better I had a green light now to continue being a little exhibitionist. And he emphasized he didn't want Steve playing with my breasts again. I figured he wanted to still leave Dean and JJ the opportunity to do the same thing.

Greg's open mindedness in addition to the fun in the hot tub had me incredibly horny. So I replied to Greg, "Of course hunny! That was a one time present! Now how about a present for you?" I pulled out a condom for Greg and started having the hottest sex we had ever had. Clearly the teasing with the boys was turning us both on and would definitely continue. The sex didn't last long, but served as almost an appetizer. It made me horny for even more.


Kate’s Story Pt. 02: The Dinner

"That was boiling," I was so incredibly horny from the previous several hours that even brief normally forgettable sex with Greg was just like wow. By the time he went down on me I had an orgasm in probably just a couple minutes.

"I know, I suppose a little teasing doesn't hurt." Greg admitted. I had figured despite him feigning concern over my behavior that he loved that I was teasing his friends.

"Really?" I asked.

"Yeah, but within reason! I don't want.."

I was able to finish his sentence. The only thing he really didn't want was for Steve to play with my breasts again. Even then based on everything I don't think that line was really set in stone. I told Greg we'd better hurry because the boys would be waiting.

Since we were keen on me flirting more and the boys had already seen me completely naked I didn't even bother putting a bra and panties back on. I had a small pair of shorts and a cute little t-shirt that I threw on.

Steve told us about a cool place in town and being so hungry we all agreed it sounded great. Steve recommended that we all just jump in his Jeep.

Getting in Dean yelled, "shotgun!" Darn I wished I had thought of that!

The backseat was not roomy and Greg said. "I'm not sure if there is enough room."

I saw what Greg was up to, he was setting me up to tease JJ. " It's fine I can just sit on JJ's lap, and we'll fit!" I gave Greg a little wink as I plopped my butt down onto his friends lap. I loved that Greg was as into this as I was, to the point he was actively helping me.

Steve started telling us a crazy story about a time they had bears at the cabin. We drove over the first bump and I pulled JJ's hand over my tummy. Feeling his hand on my gave me butterflies. It was so exciting!

Then Steve mentioned something about a baby bear "Wait, was there more than one bear?" I blurted out. I was so excited to hear about the cute baby bears! Plus if Steve was telling a story then everyone would be more distracted giving JJ and I more privacy.

"Yeah it was a momma bear and two cubs. So you know there was no chance of me going out there! They even took a dip in the hot tub!" Steve said.

"No way, the same hot tub we were just in!?" I asked this as we went over a series of bumps. Each time I could feel JJ's erection building against my butt. He even pulled me into it slightly with each bump. I was getting so horny feeling this cute guy's hard penis against my backside. It also made me feel good that I could have such an effect on him. I wanted nothing more than to touch myself or him right at that moment.

Steve told us that the bears damaged the hot tub when they played in it. That his uncle bought the current one after that. He told about other antics the cubs got into. As he got into that JJ started slowly moving his hand. My shirt moved up until his hand was rubbing my bare tummy. I began to wonder of he might start moving his hand up to my chest or down near my crotch. I didn't have to wonder for long. He began edging his hand down over the top of my shorts. He was stopping just short of the top of my slit. I parted my legs slightly so JJ would know his movements were not unwelcome.

This teasing lasted several more minutes until JJ stopped moving his hand so it was resting just above my privates. Shortly after he moved his hand down over my crotch and pressed his hand firmly over my very aroused private area. He simply held at first, just like when he was holding onto me at the beginning of the drive. Only instead of holding me by my tummy he held me by my crotch.

I was a little worried this might be too much, but I had seen Greg glance over a few times without reacting, so I felt I had his approval.

At this point I knew even through the shorts JJ definitely had to feel that I was wet. I could feel him start to move a finger while keeping the rest of his hand motionless. He probably didn't want to call attention to what was going on. I felt him move the fabric of my shorts over. Then felt the finger move up and down several times along the edge of my wet labia. The faintest moan escaped my body as I prepared myself for him to press his finger further. Just then the truck came to a stop and Steve said we were there.

On the way into the restaurant Greg whispered to me, "what happened in the jeep?" He was obviously just as excited about what had just happened as I was and eager to hear the details.

I didn't really have time as we walked in, but assured Greg I'd give him the details later.

We grabbed our food and went into a corner booth, the kind of shaped like a circle. Dean and JJ practically raced to sit on either side of me. They were so funny. Then Greg let Steve sit down first. He must have wanted to give me space to do even more of the teasing he had seen on the drive in. I just loved how thrilled Greg was to see me play and flirt.

We were so hungry we ate like absolute animals and finished eating in just a couple minutes. I asked Steve to tell more beach house stories, figuring it was a good way to direct all the attention to him and let me tease more. JJ's subtly moved his hand under the table and put his hand on my knee. When I didn't object he began a gentle stroke on my leg. Dean took notice and followed suit.

Both boys started on the top of my thigh right above my knee, but didn't take long before they were both softly rubbing my inner thighs. The hands moved up further and further and further until I felt JJ brush against the crotch of my shorts then Dean. I spread my legs slightly and the boys took the invitation.

Fingers from both immediately found their way under the fabric of my shorts. Both JJ and Dean lightly grazed my labia. Their fingers moved almost rhythmically causing my labia to begin to spread. Soon they had my lips pulled open, and were tracing the inside of my labia getting ever closer to the most sensitive parts of my private. I felt an orgasm was building. Their fingers must have bumped and one moved his fingers up brushing my clitoris and one down brushing the opening to my vagina. I was on the absolute edge of having an orgasm. So I was forced to quickly move their hands away in order to avoid a very loud and public orgasm.

JJ and Dean moved their hands above the table. I took a couple minutes to regain my composure. Then I rested my hands on their knees. They got me all worked up and I wanted to return the favor. I began to stroke their thighs then like they had with mine.

Next I moved my hands up over Dean and JJ's crotches and rested them. The idea wasn't to get them off, but simply continue the tease. Both were rock hard and feeling their thick penises under my hands made me so horny I could have jumped out of my clothes right then and there. They felt like they had similar sized penises and good sizes at that. Both above average in length and thick. Compared to Greg's modest penis my mind wondered what it would be like to be on the receiving end of these larger one's.

The server brought the check by about I gave each penis a firm squeeze before moving my hands.

Walking back to the Jeep I yelled, "shotgun!" But Dean cut me off and stole my seat! I scolded him. "Hey not fair I called shotgun first!"

"Well what's stopping you from sitting here?" Dean asked with a grin patting his lap.

I agreed knowing Dean probably had something fun in mind. I didn't need to wait long until Dean had his hand on top of the wet shorts covering my privates. Steve told more stories, but I couldn't pay attention with Dean massaging my vulva through my shorts.

This continued for a while. I think Dean was a little unsure about putting his hand in my shorts. That is until Greg asked, " Kate you're a little quiet is everything OK?"

Dean slid his hand under waistband of my shorts causing me to stutter, "yeah honey everything's fine. I think I'm just getting a little tired from such a busy day."

Dean began to massage my bare vulva. I guided him to my clitoris and had to suppress a moan of pleasure. He continued to play with my clitoris and I reached back and began to stroke his penis over his clothes.

We played with each other my vagina dripping all over Dean's hand. I managed to unzip his pants and slipped my hand in. I was now rubbing his penis with only his boxers between my hand and his skin. Dean in response moved his finger from my clitoris and slipped it deep into my vagina. My entire body pulsed with pleasure. Unfortunately, we were approaching the lake house and had to remove our hands from each other.

I was so horny I had to get Greg alone asap telling the boys, "hey boys Greg and I will be right back. I want to put on something more comfortable before we go back outside."

I began to kiss Greg immediately. "Oh my God I am so hot from all the teasing!"

Greg moved his hand down and feeling my wetness immediately asked for the details. "What happened Kate? Things didn't look all that innocent."

I reassured Greg that every thing was teasing without romantic overtones.

Seeking clarification Greg asked "Well it looked like it was very sexual things you did."

I wanted to make sure he knew I wasn't doing boyfriend/girlfriend type sex stuff, but just sexual to the extent of the teasing kink we shared, "No nothing like that. Not exactly anyway, just teasing so it wasn't real sexual stuff. It was just we talked about."

I reached down and found Greg's little friend totally hard. Now I knew he really loved this. He was using his mock concern to dig for the sexy details. I had no problem playing along, "Tell you what. I'll give you every detail about what happened to put your mind at ease. Ok?"

I pulled out Greg's penis and had him sit. I started blowing him and switching to a hand job when I'd speak. "It started with the drive to the restaurant. I was on JJ's lap and it was a bumpy ride. Each bump caused my ass to push down onto his lap and I felt his cock get rock hard. Is that hot baby knowing that my teasing got your friend hard?" He of course and seen what JJ was doing with his hands, so I focused on what Greg couldn't see.

"And then of course dinner. It was so cute how JJ and Dean were so quick to sit next to me." I felt like Greg was getting close to cumming to I gave him a summed up version of what happened at the booth, so I'd have a chance to tell him about the drive home, " So JJ put his hand on my knee and then he started to gently stroke my leg. Dean of course noticed as well as start doing the same thing. I figured get them worked up no big deal, besides attention from two men at once was really an ego boost. But when they began rubbing my inner thighs it got me really turned on and so excited I had to push their hands out the way."

"Anyway after that I decided to return the favor by putting my hands on their thighs. Then I used my hands to tease their laps and let me tell you they have nothing to be ashamed of!" It was extra erotic playing with Greg's smaller penis while at the same time referring to his friends much larger members. It felt a little naughty in a very sexy way.

I had just started talking about the drive home when Greg erupted in my hand.

"What happened on the drive home?" Greg asked as his penis shrunk down.

"Oh just teasing!" I wanted to wait to elaborate on the details until Greg could get excited again.

Then for safe measure I reassured him one last time that I was playing with his friends for him. Also that any sexual play meant nothing more to me than simply being a tease, so I told him, "I just wanted to get you excited, but don't worry it was JUST teasing."

Of course Greg had just cum, but I was as horny as ever so wanted to get back out with the boys right away.

I took off my wet shorts and replaced the t-shirt with a large baggy one that was long enough to cover my top and bottom on its own. "Come on Greg let's get dressed and join the other guys out there I feel like we still have a lot more fun ahead of us tonight!"


Kate’s Story Pt. 03: Drinking Games

I threw on a big t-shirt that I had stolen from Greg. It said stud on it in big letters. He could be such a dork. When I found it in one of his drawers a while ago, he told me he got it as a joke and never wore it. Now I use it when just bumming around at home. It seemed perfect for this evening, because I knew I could be a huge tease in it. It turned me on knowing I was completely naked and vulnerable under it. Knowing how much Greg was loving this gave me a confidence boost too. And knowing how much freedom he was giving me to tease had me so excited.

When we got outside, I was excited to see the boys were ready to party. Steve asked, "who wants a shot?"

"Me, me!," I was so excited. Then I jumped a couple times, just enough to make the shirt lift and show the boys I had no panties on.

JJ made a comment about me getting started drinking without them. A thought was crossing my mind, I was feeling naughty. I grabbed a shot from Steve and grabbed it between my boobs. I called Greg over first.

"Ok who's next?" I asked, grabbing another shot.

"Me first!" JJ said. I thought he was going to knock the other boys over he was so eager!

Next to volunteer was Dean. He motioned me to sit on his lap. I jumped on top and straddled him. He obviously had shorts on, but it was still hot feeling my naked crotch resting on his lap. Knowing a couple layers of fabric was all the separated our privates was beyond erotic.

It was hard to pull myself away, but I knew Steve would want a shot in the same manner. After his shot he did something completely unexpected, he spanked me! It was so hot and took me by complete surprise. "Ouch!" I lifted the back of my t-shirt, "that hurt a little, and look, it's a little pink now!" I rubbed my butt as I said that. It would be an understatement to say I loved bringing attention to my naked butt like that.

Steve let out a small grin and apologized. Then he did something even more unexpected. He kissed my butt in the same place he has spanked it!

"That's more like it!" I said, trying my best to react casually. "Now I need more shots to forget about the pain!"

"I have an idea. You fed us our shots, only fair to return the favor right?" Steve said filling a shot glass and putting it in his waistband.

I clapped, saying, "oh what fun!" I couldn't contain my excitement. I got down on my knees. To keep from falling over as I took the shot I reached around and held Steve's butt. It was a lot firmer than I expected and I could feel the muscles flexing. I drank the shot and as we moved my chin brushed again his bulge. I felt so naughty on my knees with my face in his crotch, felt almost like I was giving him a blow job. And damn, I sure wanted to.

My shot from Dean was equally exciting, but the shot from JJ is where things got really interesting. He grabbed a shot, walked up to me, and I knelt down in front of him. I could tell right away the shot glass wasn't stable and prepared myself to help. As I was expecting, the glass slipped down into his shorts. Without even thinking I thrust my hand down into JJ's waistband and grabbed the shot glass before it could spill!

I was so proud I caught it that it didn't immediately dawn on me that my hand was in JJ's underwear. Not only that, but I could now feel his penis against the back of my hand. I had felt him a little over his clothes before, but this was skin on skin. I told JJ to stay very still so that it wouldn't spill, but also so that I could take my time slowly pulling my hand out and enjoy the moment. Since it was the back of my hand I couldn't get a great feel for it, but I could tell it was larger than what I was accustomed to with Greg.

I pulled my hand free, but just had to get a better feel. I decided I would use checking to make sure JJ was dry as an excuse. Placing my hand on his crotch over his shorts, I could feel his penis under my hand. Moving my hand around I could feel the entire length and the along the head of his penis. I could tell from the feel that even though he wasn't erect, he wasn't totally soft either. Honestly, I really wanted to know what it would feel like totally erect in my hand. When I finished getting a good feel I said, "I think you are dry, no spills!" And gave his penis a nice little pat. Then I placed the shot glass back in JJ's waistband and drank the shot. I was a little concerned I went too far, but since Greg didn't speak up and say anything, I knew I had his approval.

"What now?" I asked everyone.

"We should play some drinking games, what should we do first?" Steve asked.

"Truth or dare?" Dean suggested.

"That's not even a drinking game," JJ replied.

As fun as that might be, I worried things might escalate too quickly and I was enjoying the teasing. "Yeah, and might be a little risky to play while drinking. Maybe never have I ever," I suggested, figuring it would give ample opportunity to tease, "It's one of my favorites!"

"Sounds good to me," Greg quickly replied. He seemed to be as eager as I was for teasing. I would need to make sure I didn't disappoint him!

"Awesome! Everyone get a drink!" Steve said.

I mixed myself a screwdriver, with plenty of vodka. We all took a seat and I used the opportunity to tease the boys a little more. I sat cross-legged with my legs folded up under me. This forced my shirt up and obviously left me with my legs spread. I felt the eyes of all the boys on my privates. It was very thrilling, but I also wanted to have some fun with it. So I placed my drink between my legs, preventing a clear view. I could tell the boys were still trying to get a look though! This would be a lot of fun, and now whenever I took a drink I'd be exposing myself.

Steve said, "who wants to start? Greg?"

"Sure," Greg answered. "Never have I ever gotten a speeding ticket."

The boys laughed and shook their heads.

"What?"

"No way!"

"Ha, big shocker there," I said. Further proof he drives like a grandpa which I've been telling him forever.

Of course, we all took a drink since we all drive our age. I went next, "never have I ever went paint balling." Greg took a boys trip without me. I was hoping they were going to invite me, but they never did. I totally would have loved paintball! Well, my revenge was making them all take a drink.

When it got to Steve he said, "never have I ever had a three-way." It was finally getting interesting! I took a drink and all the boys looked at me in shock. I got a flurry of questions. About who it was with, which I told them it was two guys before I met Greg. Thinking about it was turning me on, it was one of the hottest things I had ever done.

Dean then asked, "how was it? Would you do it again?"

I did and wanted to tantalize the boys with the possibility something like that might happen, since that's clearly what they were hinting around at. "It was so much fun! I would do it again, although I'd want to go full gang bang with more guys next time."

The boys perked up in excitement looking at each other and I started to laugh, "oh you boys are too easy to get worked up! I just wanted to see your reaction, so don't be expecting a freaky gang bang. Greg isn't the type to risk crossing swords." It was unfortunately true. I don't think he was exactly homophobic, but he was shy with stuff like that and didn't want to do things that might seem remotely gay.

After a few more times around the circle we finished our drinks and I offered to get Greg's next drink for him, just wanted to make sure he let loose and didn't get too uptight. I know he wanted me to let loose, and I didn't want him to get in his own way of enjoying it.

"This is like pure alcohol," Greg said, coughing while taking his first drink.

"Oh, I just thought you could use a little something else to relax, besides mine is strong too!" I replied.

"At least she's not choking!" JJ added.

I was proud of that and said, "Guess the big boys aren't the only ones that can keep up." I emphasized big to further tease the boys.

"Never had I ever deep throated a cock," JJ said. I took my drink. The boys had been doing a lot of these sexual ones, knowing I'd be taking a drink and exposing myself. By now, I was drunk enough that I had decided to give them a gift. I set the drink to my side, leaving myself exposed for them. In addition, I decided to tease them about how they obviously kept targeting me, "hey all these sex questions are unfair. I'm taking all the drinks!"

"Well, you could help change that," Steve said slyly.

Greg chuckled, "sorry bro, she's taken." It was so cute how he was pretending to be defensive. Greg hiding the fact that he wanted me to get kinky with his friends made the teasing only that much more thrilling.

"Yeah!" I added, teasing, "naughty boys! Objectifying me like that!"

"We might feel bad if we couldn't tell you were enjoying it," Dean commented, pointing between my legs. "Even from here I can see how wet you are."

I looked down to see for myself and used my fingers to check. It wasn't a shock at all, the drinks and teasing had me hornier than I had ever been. I replied, "huh, looks like all this talk did get me wet. Greg is going to be a busy boy tonight." I knew it would drive the boys crazy, mentioning Greg was going to get lucky. Of course Greg and I knew that he wasn't the only one that was going to have fun tonight. I winked at Greg, quietly acknowledging our plan for me to tease his friends even more.

"Oh great," Steve replied, taking the bait, "Greg here gets to bang you for the millionth time today after we've gotten you all horny, while you blue ball the rest of us!"

"Hey sorry, but your balls aren't my responsibility," I teased. Then I smiled, "you boys could always take care of each other." The boys groaned while Greg and I laughed. If only they knew what we were planning!

"Well, maybe if one of these guys had a pretty little pussy like yours they could help," Dean said.

"You think it's pretty?" I asked.

"Yeah, it's perfect," Dean replied.

"Better than a porn stars," JJ added. "What else can it do like a pornstar?"

I laughed, "well I guess you'll just need to use your imaginations!" I loved teasing these boys! I glanced over to Greg and he was staring off into space. I may have gotten him a little too liquored up, oops!

"The least you could do is give us some spanking material," Dean said.

"Yeah, take off that shirt, it's not like it's anything we haven't already seen," JJ added.

I didn't really need any convincing, the boys being so obsessed with my body made me feel incredibly sexy. I don't think I had ever been so confident about my body. "I guess it's the least I can do," I shrugged and slipped the shirt off. For the second time in a day I was completely naked, with the eyes of my boyfriend's three friends scanning every part of my body. "Although, after all these free shows I think I deserve a show in return."

"I don't think I'm drunk enough for that yet!" Steve said.

"You boys need to catch up!" I glanced at Greg again, "I think Greg is done playing the game. Finish off your drinks and I'll mix you new ones!"

They threw back the drinks and I got up to gather their glasses. The boys followed my body with their eyes, not that I minded. As I mixed the drinks I bent over, giving them a great view of everything. I made these extra strong.

They each took a sip, "woah!" Steve said, "how drunk are you trying to get us?"

"Oh come on, I thought you were tough guys. But if you boys can't keep up with a girl half your size maybe it's time to call it a night."

The boys wasted no time chugging their drinks after that. "Good boys," I said. "I'll join you on the next round."

Steve began to prepare the next round of drinks. After handing them out he held up his drink, "here's to the coolest chick ever. Thanks for hanging with us Kate!"

"Cheers!" Both Dean and JJ said as they held up their drinks.

"Awe, thank you guys," I replied. "I was worried I might ruin everyone's good time, being the only girl. You three have really made me feel welcome." I really was enjoying their company. But after all this exhibitionism on my part, I wanted some eye candy too. Dean suggested truth or dare before. Maybe that was my way in.

"I don't about you guys, but I think truth or dare really would be a lot of fun now that we've loosened up."

JJ didn't even wait to discuss it, he just asked, "ok Kate truth or dare then?"

I wanted to draw this out and wasn't about to jump to dares right away, "truth."

"Have you ever fantasized about any of us?" JJ asked.

I looked down and bit my lip before glancing back up to answer, "trust me, I've fantasized about each and every one of you today." All the boys blushed and smiled, they were so cute!

"Now my turn! Steve, what did you really think about my breasts when I let you touch them?" I asked.

"They are fucking awesome, I mean just look at them! They are the perfect size, like how they are both perky and fit perfectly in my hands. I seriously wanted to suck your nipples so bad." Steve replied.

"Well it's too bad you didn't," I said with a little wink.

Steve's jaw dropped, but before he could speak I said, "Does that make it my turn again? Ok Dean, what will it be?"

"Truth," Dean said.

"Ok, have you guys ever touched each other's penises?" I asked.

"What?!" Dean replied.

"Oh, he begs for it all the time, but we won't give it to him!" JJ interjected, him and Steve laughed.

"Ha ha, whatever dude," Dean shook his head, "no we've never done that. Ok, now my turn. Kate, what are you picking?"

"Me again?" I asked, "ok truth."

"Do you swallow?"

I chuckled, "fuck yeah! Of course I do!" I licked my lips. "So JJ?"

"I have got to go truth," JJ answered.

"If you ever find yourself with your hand between my legs again, are you going to put a finger inside of me?" The words felt so naughty coming out of my mouth, I felt myself getting even wetter.

With a look of hunger in his eyes JJ looked down at my naked privates then back into my eyes and answered, "hell yes." Then he smiled and asked, "ok Kate, truth or dare?"

He picked me too! I laughed and told them, "ok, since you boys keep teaming up on me, I think you guys should be on a team. So like for truths you all have to answer my question and dares you all have to do it. At least that way it evens this out a little. Deal?"

The boys all nodded in agreement. JJ said, "ok deal. So, what do you choose?"

"Truth."

The guys groaned, "seriously..." one of them said.

"Yeah, if you guys want dares to happen, then you could always lead the way. So what do you want to ask me?"

It looked like Steve was going to ask something, but before he could JJ glanced over at a passed out Greg, "so how has he been with all of this."

I shrugged and replied, "he likes it, so far everything that's happened has really turned him on." The boys looked pleased to hear that. "So boys, dare to choose dare."

They looked at each other, nodded and Steve said, "ok bring it."

"I've been naked a lot today, now it's your turn. I dare the three of you to get naked." I said.

They all started getting undressed in complete silence, I think they were a little nervous. On the other hand, I was very excited to finally see them naked. Having seen them with their wet swim trunks on I knew what their bodies mostly looked like. I also had a rough impression of the size of their penises. I didn't think they had been hard, but the small amount I saw implied they were decent sized.

They all pulled down their boxers basically in unison. Wow, I felt incredibly turned on. Partially driven by what I had grown accustomed to with Greg. He was smaller than any guys I had been with before, not tiny, but definitely below average. All three of these men were already partially erect. Dean and JJ were about matched, already about the same size Greg could get up to, and they weren't even fully hard yet. Steve was even bigger yet.

"Wow, all three of you are really hot," I looked at their naked bodies.

As Greg finally started to move again Steve asked, "ok Kate truth or dare?"

"Truth," I said, they looked a little disappointed. "I promise the next will be a dare, I just had to know what Steve's question was."

"Oh ok," Steve said, "um, I was just going to ask if Greg had big dick. He likes to brag, but then he seems super shy about it."

Greg still seemed out if it, but was maybe waking up so I was a little hesitant, "um, he's kind of on the smaller side, actually." Then I looked back and forth at their penises. "Especially compared to you guys."

The boys all looked very proud, JJ laughed and asked, "Do you think Greg wants a turn?"

I replied, "Nah he's completely out of it."

Then Greg lifted his head up slightly and said, "wha?" then collapsed back down. We all laughed.

"Dare again boys?" I asked. They all nodded. I giggled and said, "I dare you to do the helicopter."

"The what?" the boys asked.

"You know," I said, moving my finger in circles, "the helicopter. With your penises. It would be funny and I want to see you boys do that!"

The boys all laughed and JJ said, "um, ok." They glanced at each other, shrugged and started moving their hips until their penises began to spin around. I actually fell off my chair laughing, I had never seen anything so funny!

They stopped and Steve said, "ok enough of that. Our turn now, ready for a dare?"

I got back on my chair and nodded.

"We dare you to masturbate, right now while we watch," Steve said.

I would have thought I'd be more hesitant, but I was so drunk and horny that I spread my legs immediately.

I started off just slowly rubbing my clit. I could tell the boys wanted to touch themselves too and told them, "feel free to do the same while you watch."

The boys started stroking themselves, I was going to finally see them all fully hard! I leaned back and rubbed faster. The boys were hard within a minute. Dean and JJ were both a little above average in size, but still far bigger than my boyfriend. Dean was probably two inches longer than Greg and thicker. JJ was a little shorter, like an inch and a half longer than Greg, but even thicker than Dean. Steve was hung like a horse! He had to be three or four inches longer than Greg and had the thickest penis I had ever seen in person.

These sights turned me on so much, I fingered myself with one hand and rubbed my clit with the other. I closed my eyes and moaned. In my head I imagined all three of Greg's friends ravaging me with their fat dicks. I was approaching an orgasm, I opened my eyes, because I wanted to watch them while I came. This was clearly too much for them as well Dean came first, then JJ and Steve. Their cum shot out and fell to the ground. If they had been any closer the cum would have landed on me. That thought put me over the edge and the boys witnessed me have an orgasm for the first time.

Panting I said, "well that was possibly the best game of truth and dare ever. We've had a lot more excitement today then I ever expected!"

Steve laughed, "more than what you expected? I think we're a lot more surprised. From the moment you stripped and let me play with your tits I've been in a constant state of disbelief!"

"Oh yeah, why does only Steve get to feel your tits?" JJ interjected.

"Yeah!" Dean added.

I laughed and said, "I suppose you do have a point. Greg even hinted that you two should get a turn too."

"Holy shit, really?" Dean asked.

"Well, not in so many words," I replied, "but basically yes. Who wants to go first?"

Dean and JJ looked at each other, "rock paper scissors?" JJ asked. Dean nodded and they started. Dean chose scissors and JJ paper. "Damn," JJ said.

Dean laughed and said, "every time JJ, you are so predictable!"

Dean came over to where I sat and I pushed my chest out as if I were presenting it to him. His hands went to my breasts like magnets. He groped, rubbed, squeezed and felt. He alternated between playing with my nipples and grabbing my breasts. I noticed playing with my chest got Dean aroused again. I felt myself getting wetter with Dean's hard dick pointing towards my vagina only inches away as his hands mauled my chest.

After a few minutes I said, "ok that's about how long Steve got. JJ, you want to feel them?"

Dean sank away in disappointment as JJ came over. It began as a repeat of my experience with Dean until JJ leaned forward and pulled a nipple into his mouth! I let out a loud moan, damn that felt good! My privates were aching for me to push things further, but I wanted to extend the tease. I enjoyed a couple more minutes before stopping it.

"Well, that was interesting!" I said.

"I just remembering you saying to Steve that it was too bad he hadn't done that, so I did," JJ replied.

Steve and Dean both said they were ready to do the same thing. "I guess you'll just need to remember that next time boys," I teased.

The boys sighed in disappointment, then Dean asked, "are you up for another dare?"

I laughed, I didn't want to go too far yet, but was still horny. "Tell you what," I said, "one more dare, but don't ask for too much or you might not get anything at all."

The boys whispered amongst themselves. It was kind of funny seeing these three completely naked men whispering to each other. Finally, they came to an agreement and Steve said, "handjobs."

I pretended to consider it for a moment, but already knew that I would. "Ok," I replied, "but I have only two hands. One of you will have to wait his turn."

Once again they whispered amongst themselves until Dean said, "fine!"

I knelt between Steve and JJ wrapping a hand around both penises. I started to stroke and they very quickly got hard again. I couldn't quite fit around either one, my fingers almost touched around JJ's, but were still at least an inch apart around Steve's.

Steve was so big my arm was actually getting tired! So instead of stroking the entire length of his penis I started just working the end of his penis and picked up the speed. Luckily my arms got a break not long after, JJ came first. I could sense he was close and pointed his penis at my chest. I could feel the hot semen as it shot out across my breasts.

Dean took JJ's place and while distracted with this new penis, Steve caught me off guard and started to cum. I tried pointing it at my chest as well, but not before a shot of semen hit my chin. There was a small amount of my lower lip which I licked off. God was it so hot!

Soon after Greg started moving and it startled Dean and he pulled away. I felt bad he didn't cum, but it seemed as good a time as any to turn in. I told the guys goodnight and shook Greg's shoulder, "Greg hunny lets get to bed, I need your cock."

I helped Greg to the room, when we got there I stripped him down and pushed him onto his back on the bed. I began sucking Greg's flaccid penis, it was impossible not to notice how much smaller he was. It was almost like Greg was the kid brother to his hung friends!

It soon became clear that Greg was too drunk to get hard. I was horny and needed to do something, "hunny I can't get you hard, but I'm really horny. To the point I have to do something." I said. Then I asked, "do you mind if I have one of the boys give me an orgasm? I was thinking Dean. And maybe I can get off Dean too. He didn't cum earlier and I thought since he'll be helping me I could just give him some relief."

"Huh?" Greg said.

"Is that ok hunny?" I asked.

Greg said, "sure babe." And went to sleep.

Before getting Dean I decided to pull up Greg's underwear and shorts. I didn't want to embarrass him by letting his friend see his little penis.

I made my way to Dean's room and explained the situation. He was such a sweet guy that he didn't even hesitate to agree to help me. I felt so naughty sneaking through the house, naked, with Dean, holding him by the hand leading him to my room to play.

I was a little nervous and giggled as we entered the room. Dean said, "are you sure?"

I reassured Dean, "it's fine Greg told me that I could get off with you." I lead him to the bed and kissed him. My body felt energized as I lowered down onto the bed. I helped guide Dean's head between my legs and he eagerly began to lick. I could tell he hadn't done this before, but I gently guided his head until his tongue found my clitoris.

It was amazing, his tongue was so strong and rhythmic. Once he was on the right spot he could actually lick better than Greg. I clenched the bedsheets, my body was shaking and I started to squirt on the bed. I couldn't believe it, I normally only could make myself squirt!

Regaining my composure, I saw Dean was rock hard. I leaned forward and grasped it giving it a small squeeze I said, "What are we going to do with this? You'll never be able to sleep with it like this."

I wrapped my mouth around it. It took a moment to find my rhythm with Dean having a bigger penis than I'm used to. After a minute I paused for a moment asking, "how is your first blow job?"

Dean answered, "fuck this feels amazing. You are incredible. I-I think I'm going to cum!"

I pulled Dean's cock deep into my mouth as he came. I swallowed as I felt the heat hit the back of my throat. I then sucked him dry while squeezing his penis with my hand. Once I was sure I had swallowed everything I said, "I'm happy you liked it, next time I'm sure you'll be able to go longer."

We talked a little, thanking each other for the fun evening before saying goodnight.

I was very satisfied as I fell asleep, I couldn't believe how much fun the first day had been. Until today had no idea Greg had this kinky interest in sharing me, but I loved it. I would just have to wait and see how far Greg wanted me to go. 



4