Fay plays a board game 

Fay was flicking through the TV channels trying to pass another idle afternoon when her door bell sounded. At the door was Mrs Richardson from across the road , obviously in a hurry and not with much time to explain anything. 

"Oh Fay , could you do me an enormous favour , I have to collect a delivery from town and I have no one to mind the kids, could you justpop over for an hour? You won't have to do anything , they are busy with some board game." 

"Why it will be a pleasure," Fay answered. 

Now Mrs Richardson had two daughters Sam and the younger one Steph , they had one of Sam's friends visiting , Kim. sure enough they were busily engrossed in a board game. 

"Hi Fay ," chirped sam as Fay walked in , "why you are just in time we had just started and we need a fourth player." 

"Whats the game?," asked Fay finding it vaguely familiar. "It's called Schoolo , " replied Kim , " its the same as Ludo but a lot more interesting. You have four counters and you have to get them round the board and home , but in this version the counters are pupils and the home is a school , so its a race to get all your pupils back to school." 

So fay joined in , taking her seat at the table. 

"It's a little unfair , you all have some counters home, " Fay observed. "We've only just started ," advised Steph , " you will soon catch up ,and they are not counters they are pupils , we have pupils back in our schools you don't." 

Fay's observation was more to the point , when Sam and Kim immediately got another two home and Steph followd with another one whereas poor Fay kept getting knocked off and sent back to the beginning. 

Steph then caught the other two up by getting her third counter home .Fay was not even close to getting one home. 

"Why isn't it just called ludo , cos that's what it really is?" , asked Fay. 

"Because," expained Sam," whoever is left at the end has their pupils out of school when they should be in school , and round here any pupil found out of school can expect to get their bottom spanked." 

"So you see , the loser of our game , has their pupils out of school so she gets her bottom spanked," added Kim. 

"But thats not fair ," cried Fay , " you had already started ." 

"Look you joined the game , we couldn't possibly change the rules after we started ," Steph chipped in. 

Just then Sam got her fourth piece home, she was finished. Fay actually had two close to being home but then got both pieces knocked off , to add insult to injury,  just as Kim finished. It was now between Steph and Fay , with Fay three pieces behind. 

"I think Fay is going to get a red bottom on her first game of Schoolo ," teased Sam. "Yes a nice spanking in front of us all is just what the doctor ordered , Kim volunteered. 

Finally fay got a piece home and was near with another two , but then Steph hit some big scores and to Fay's horror she rolled a final six to get her last pupils home.Ther was a roar of delight. The girls laughed and pointed at Fay. Fay sat there with head in hands. 

The table was pushed to one side and a hard backed chair was placed in the middle of the room, Fay could not look up . She heard sam's voice amidst the laughter.She was sat down on the chair. 

"Fay , get over my knee , " she ordered. 

The other girls grabbed her arms and pulled har from her seat to Sam's waiting lap , with a little push she flopped onto Sam's lap. 

Steph and Kim quickly arranged seats in front of the action so they could savour every moment of Fay's humiliation. 

Fay was wearing a knee length blue skirt , with a rapid movement sam whipped Fay's skirt up , giving the girls a lovely view of Fay's bottom encased in tight light blue panties. A resounding slap filled the room as Sam's hand landed on Fay's bottom , quickly followed by another and another . The watching girls shrieked with delight as sam's hand slapped one cheek then the other then both together. Fay gave out little gasps in perfect time with the punishing descending hand. 

In no time sam had given the bottom a pink glow , what s a sight to see , Fay's 20 year old bottom wobbling around under a sting of slaps from a girl her junior. 

But the audience was not satisfied , this was merely humiliating not very humiliating , a chant went up, 

"Knickers down , knickers down ," they roared . 

Fay thought the spanking had stopped , but then felt thumbs in the waist band of her knickers , and with a sharp tug they were down! 

The spanking recommenced , slap slap on Fay's now bare behind , where pink once stood , now there was red , the red of a thoroughly spanked bottom. 

"My turn ," yelled Kim as Fay was almost in tears , but there was to be no pity , she was flopped over Kim's knee and the spanking of her bare bottom started all afresh. Fay kicked her legs but no avail , Kim thoroughly hand spanked her bare bottom. Fay was almost in a daze with her bum throbbing like mad , she hardly noticed being turned over the younger girl's lap , but sure enough , she was now being spanked by Steph. 

There was no use arguing , her eyes filled with tears as the small hand slapped away , slapping the reddest areas of her bottom , fascinated by the quiver of Fay's buttocks. 

Fay just concentrated on dealing with the pain , unaware her knickers were wrapped around her ankles and totally unaware that Mrs Richardson had just walked in. 

"I see our neighbour has lost at Schoolo ," quipped the girl's mother. 

Fay was horrified , here she was across her youngest daughter's lap being spanked with her knickers down,But all Mrs richardson did was sit on the settee , watch the spanking , before turning to her other daughter and calmly saying , 

"Fetch my hair brush and bring her over here over my lap it's my turn." 

Fay was dragged over their mother's lap , her spre bum then felt the cold blow of the back of the hairbrush. The pain shot through her backside but there was no sympathy but sheer glee in Mrs Richardson's eyes. The girls clapped in unison as the hairbrush beat the bared bottom. 

Finally Mrs Richardson pushed Fay off her lap , she landed in a heap on the floor, wiping the tears from her eyes , 

"Dont you think you should find out what she's like , " asked Mrs Richardson. 

Fay was puzzled as to what this meant , but next she knew the girls were on top of her and rolled her so she was facing up. Sam had hold of her arms and Kim ws sat on her legs , at that Steph grabbed Fay's skirt at the front and sharply pulled it up. 

"It's hairy , Fay's got a hairy one mum," she commented. "Aw look at those neat little hairs , whose got a hairy pussy then Fay ?, " again teased Sam. "Can I borrow the hairbrush , Mrs Richardson , " asked Kim."I think those little hairs need tidying up, fancy coming to see us without giving that bush a nice brush." 

At that , Fay's knickers were taken off , Kim seperated her legs and the girls took turns to brush the pubic hair , trying to make patterns with it . 

The silence was broken by Fay suddenly noticing that Mrs Richardson was now stood right between her legs, "My it is a hairy one , now thats given me a wonderful idea for a dinner party and it will be so lovely and humiliating for you Fay , and of course you girls wil be invited to watch it all." 