Drunken Gangbang
By the Gangbank Girl
Hi, my name is Claudia but my friends call me Cloudy. I'm very
tall for a girl at 173cm. My hair is long and dark brown, almost
black and my eyes are blue/green. I keep pretty fit with cycling
and swimming and have a very hard tight stomach and long legs. I
have nice breasts, they are not huge but I wouldn't want huge
ones anyway. My bum is nice and tight and I get a lot of
compliments about it. I like to wear shorts whenever possible to
show of my bum and my legs but I do wear dresses occasionally.
 
I just turned 18 a couple of weeks ago and had my first ever gang
bang. It wasn't actually on my birthday; it was a couple of days
later. My birthday fell on a Thursday and my boyfriend dumped me
the next night. That's when he told me he had been seeing a girl
called Samantha for a few weeks, but he didn't want to break up
with me just before my birthday so he waited until it was over
and then he dumped me. That made me feel so much better! That was
sarcasm in case you didn't notice. I was very upset and my
girlfriends gathered round and took me out on the town Saturday
night to cheer me up.
 
I wore my sexiest outfit for this girl's night out. I had on the
shortest red skirt you ever saw with a cute little black G
String. The bottom of my bum cheeks were barely covered when I
was standing up straight but if I bent over even a little bit my
bum was exposed for all to see. I was wearing high heeled shoes
which is something I don't do very often because it makes me too
tall. I had on a black bra with a thin white shirt that you could
see through. One of my girlfriends helped me with my makeup
because I have never been very good at it and the result was
astounding. I looked like I was at least 25 and for the first
time ever I didn't get asked for ID.
 
I was putting away the drinks very fast and was seriously drunk
very early in the evening. I fell over on the dance floor at
least three times; I could barely walk let alone dance. Wouldn't
you know it, My Ex boyfriend turned up at the same night club
with the cheap little slut that he had been screwing for the past
couple of weeks. I saw them on the way to the bathroom and we got
into one hell of a fight. She was a tiny little thing and the
fight went all my way despite the fact that I was so drunk. I
ended up getting thrown out of the night club but not before
getting three or four good hits in on the boyfriend stealing
little bitch.
 
I stood outside the night club for a while, yelling abuse at the
bouncers who wouldn't let me back in. I was waiting for my
friends to come out but it seemed they hadn't noticed that I had
been thrown out. There was a group of about eight young men
outside who the bouncers weren't letting in because they were so
drunk. They looked to be in their mid twenties and they were
being nearly as loud and obnoxious as I was. I had drank a lot of
alcohol and really needed to go for a wee. I tried to get the
bouncers to let me use the bathroom but they wouldn't let me in
so I started staggering away and the group of young men came with
me. I nearly fell over a couple of times and two of the guys put
my arms around their shoulders and their arms around me. One had
his arm around my waist and the other had his arm a bit lower and
was getting a good feel of my bum as we walked.
 
I was absolutely busting to go to the toilet but there was
nowhere available so in desperation I went into a nearby park.
Walking on the grass was even more difficult but the guys helped
me and I got to a sheltered area where I couldn't be seen from
the road. I managed to drop my knickers around my ankles and
squat without falling over, although I must admit I was steadying
myself by holding onto a tree. I had a long and very satisfying
wee with all eight of the young men standing nearby. A few of
them looked the other way but some of them were watching me try
and maintain my balance and laughing at me. When I finished I
stood up and tried to pull up my knickers but that was far more
difficult than dropping them. I was holding on to the tree with
one hand and trying to bend down and pull up my knickers with the
other. I wasn't being very successful and kept losing my balance.
Finally I gave up and just kicked my knickers off, pulled my
skirt back down and went back to join the guys.
 
One of the guys put his arm around me again but we weren't
walking anywhere, he was just steadying me. The guys were telling
me how gorgeous I was and the one with his arm around me was
having a feel of my bum. Even while we were just standing there I
was unsteady and staggered a couple of times as I shifted my feet
around. We were still on the grassed area and my high heels were
giving me a hard time and as I nearly fell over at one point
another one of the guys grabbed me from the front and stopped me
from falling. I kind of fell into him and had an arm over his
shoulder as he slipped one arm around my waist and gave me a
kiss. I kissed him back and we had a long passionate tongue kiss
as I threw both arms around his neck. The other guy who had been
feeling my bum said he wanted some of that and I laughed as I
gave him a kiss as well. The two of them had me sandwiched
between them and they were both feeling me up as we kissed. One
of them was unbuttoning my shirt as the other was kissing me.
 
Before I knew it my shirt had been completely undone and they
were both playing with my tits. One of the guys had his hand up
my skirt and was running his fingers through my pubes as I was
kissing him. The other one was behind me at that point and was
taking my shirt off and unhooking my bra. A few seconds later I
was standing there topless as these two guys continued squeezing
my tits and rubbing my cunt. At least one more of the guys moved
in closer and started feeling me up. I had hands all over me and was really enjoying the attention. As I felt a finger slide inside of me I said, "I want to suck someone's cock". Not surprisingly, I had no problem finding a volunteer.
 
I dropped to my knees as one of the guys stood in front of me and
got his cock out. I held onto his hips as he grabbed my head and
pulled me onto his cock. It's hard to say how long I sucked him
for because everything was a bit of a blur but it didn't feel very long before I felt hot cum splashing into my mouth. As he pulled out of my mouth, I wiped the cum from my lips and looked up and smiled. Another one of the guys already had his cock out and moved in front of me. He was already hard and he dropped down to his knees in front of me and I leaned forward and started to suck him off. As I was sucking the second guy someone got behind me and lifted my hips, pulling me into 'doggie' position. Bent over like that my short skirt rose half way up my bum but the guy behind me lifted it even further until my skirt was bunched up
around my waist and my arse was totally bare. I continued sucking
the cock of the guy in front of me as a couple of fingers were
sliding in and out of my cunt. It wasn't long before I felt the
guy behind me pushing my knees further apart and his fingers were
replaced with a hard cock. 
 
Here I was on my hands and knees in a park with eight strangers
and I was getting cock stuffed into me from both ends. It was
hard to give head while I was being fucked. The guy behind me was
fucking me pretty hard and I was being rocked forwards with the
force of him slamming into me. I was probably too drunk to give
good head anyway and the guy in front of me just grabbed hold of
my head and started fucking my mouth. They didn't have a very
good rhythm going and they were both being very rough. I was
getting slammed all over the place. The cock in my mouth was
quite long and as he held my head firmly and fucked my mouth, he
was banging into the back of my throat, which was painful. I
tried to pull back to tell him to take it easy but he wouldn't
let me pull away. His cock was pushing hard at the back of my
throat and I had no choice but to swallow as I felt his long
slender cock slide deep into my throat. I nearly gagged as he
held his cock in my throat for a few seconds but then he pulled
out and I took a breath just in time as he pushed firmly into my
throat again. From then on every violent thrust went down my
throat and I had to swallow or get hurt. All the time this was
happening, I was still getting fucked hard by the guy behind me
and he finished first.
 
It was only a matter of seconds after he came that the cock in my
mouth exploded as well. I have never felt so much cum. I
swallowed two or three times and my mouth still seemed to be
filled. While I was choking on a mouthful of cum, the next cock
entered my cunt. He wasn't as rough as the other one had been but
he was much bigger. I never actually saw his cock or even the guy
who owned it but I could feel myself being stretched. He had a
slow deep motion going and it felt good. On every thrust he would
push all the way inside me then pull out quickly until his cock
was almost all the way out before pushing back into me again. He
wasn't slamming it into me the way the other guy had been doing
so I was able to do a better job of giving head to the third cock
to enter my mouth. He must have been as horny as hell because he
came in my mouth in no time and was quickly replaced by one of
the others.
 
The next guy to stick his cock in my mouth was huge. I was
getting fucked at both ends from two monster cocks. I actually
tried to deep throat the cock in my mouth but couldn't, he was
just too big. He wasn't very long just very very thick and his
balls were enormous. The guy fucking me was still taking his time
and fucking me slowly so the monster cock in my mouth came first.
The guy had hold of a handful of my hair and when he started to
cum he shot one load into my mouth and then pulled his cock out
and sprayed the rest onto my face. As he pulled out of my mouth
his cock was just coming past my lips when the second spurt went
off and shot right up my nose. The smell of cum was overpowering
and I closed my eyes as the remaining jets of cum splashed all
over my face. When he finished he stuck his cock back in my mouth
so I could suck the cum off his cock, then he moved away.
 
No one else took his place in my mouth so I rested my head on my
arms with bum up in the air and enjoyed the sensation of being
expertly fucked by the huge cock in my cunt. I didn't dare open
my eyes because of all the cum on my face. Cum in the eyes really
stings in case you don't know. I very nearly had an orgasm while
this guy fucked me and that rarely happens. I wish I knew who he
was. Just as I was getting close he picked up his pace and with
one final push he buried himself deep inside me and unloaded the
contents of his balls into me.
 
The next guy to fuck me was much smaller and I totally lost any
chance of having an orgasm. I was fucked in that position five or
six more times, obviously a couple of them came back for seconds
and I kind of drifted off into a dreamy state as they continued
to gang fuck me. I didn't even realise it at first when they
finally left. I always noticed when a cock pulled out of me and
usually a few seconds later another one would take its place.
This time it was possibly a minute or two before I realised that
no one else had entered me and I couldn't even hear any voices. I
forced my eyes open through the drying cum that was glueing them
shut and looked around. The guys had all just walked away and
left me half asleep with my head resting on my arms and I
realised that the sky was getting lighter. It was nearly morning.
It was before midnight when I got kicked out of the club so I had
either been fucked continuously for about six hours or I had
dozed off with my knees spread about as wide as they could go and
my naked bum high up in the air.
 
I had cum all over my face and in my hair and as I pushed myself
up into a kneeling position, cum flooded out of me and ran down
my legs. I wiped away as much as I could with my hand and then
wiped my hand clean on the grass. Pulling my knees together was
very painful and my legs were trembling as I crawled over to
where I could see my shirt a couple of metres away. I couldn't
see my bra anywhere and as I pulled my shirt on I noticed it was
slightly damp from the morning dew on the grass. The shirt was
thin and deliberately semi see through at the best of times, but
when it was damp it was almost totally transparent. My breasts
and nipples were clearly visible through the shirt in the early
morning light. I took off my shoes, straightened my skirt, and
walked barefoot from the park carrying my shoes.
 
Fortunately I had a $50 note folded in a small pocket of my skirt
as 'mad' money just in case I got stranded so I managed to get a
taxi to take me home. The driver was spending more time looking
in the mirror at me than he did watching the road and he made a
few sly comments. I knew I looked like a cheap whore at the
moment and didn't need some fat old cab driver rubbing my face in
it. I felt myself going red as he said things like, 'You look
like you had a good night'. He didn't say anything I could really
object to, it was just suggestive but he embarrassed me. He
deserved the lake of cum I left on his back seat!



