The Fundraiser
by AllieNF

The Nude Fundraiser: Part 23- The Marching Orders

Mr. Elba was finding it difficult to get the students attention after the abrupt exit of the acting principal. The woman had dropped a bomb on the students and walked out. Whereas former principal McGuffin was 100% behind this fundraiser, this new administrator was almost exactly the opposite. Worse than that even, she almost seemed to wish the student’s harm in this endeavor as they raised funds for their spring musical by being nude in school.

A handful of the students had begun to get dressed. Jenna was not among them…she couldn’t be even if she wanted too. She did not bring clothes into the school, except her pink crocs which she had already removed and stored because they felt out of place on her naked body.

Jacob was also actively remaining unclothed, as were Sarah and Carly.

Their teacher brought out his famed whistle, which he only used in cases of extreme chaos. It was noted throughout the school as a great silencing agent. Even those who were not in drama, who were never in one of his classes, knew the sound and that it meant to shut up and listen up.

The 40 some amassed students in what was now varying states of dress did shut up. They stopped what they were doing and listened to their teacher, their director.

“Kids, look…okay, that wasn’t… what just happened wasn’t good,” the start of his speech was rocky, “But you have to trust me. It’s going to be fine. We have the support of the school board. All 7 members of the board are in the student center right now.” He raised his phone too them, “Board President Sheedy messaged me just a few minutes ago to tell me they were there… So, in a few moments when you walk out of here, you will pass by them, and they will show you the love and support you need to feel. Trust me. It’s going to be fine.”

Jenna didn’t trust Mr. Elba anymore. She didn’t. After the events of Friday, when he sprang the photo shoot for the website on them, and then left the students of his classes and the drama club to the machinations of the Photography class who’s intent seemed to be to get fully nude and very lascivious pictures out of students who had been promised tasteful teasing photos… Jenna was not in the position of trusting this man, who had assembled one sexual assault counselor to handle nearly 40 students and the one person he got, whether he knew it or not, was more than willing to make a pass at the first naked 18 year old he’d seen. Jenna didn’t trust Mr. Elba… but even she knew it was too late to stop now. Things were in motion that could not easily be stopped and these kids, her friends, classmates, and co-stars were in a jam.

Mr. Elba continued. “Look, students, the fundraiser has already earned us over 17,000$. …and you haven’t even taken one step out of this classroom yet. Yes, the people who have donated have seen pictures of your naked or mostly naked bodies… but they haven’t seen you. And that’s what they paid for. Think of this as opening night friends. Cause that’s what it is. Tonight…today, this morning is opening night and the show must go on. You have to strip down. You have to walk out there with you head held high. You have to smile at the other students. You have to look up and smile at the learning cameras in all the classrooms, smile your friend’s pictures, smile at your teachers. …You have to put on the best show today. …because we’ve already made enough money to keep each of you naked until the end of the month, to be honest… and there’s more to be made when you go out of those doors. The students have brought money…and it’s ours for the taking, it’s ours to make the best musical this school has ever seen…because you are strong and brave and the best class of actors and singers and dancers I’ve ever seen in this school.” He took a breath. “And I am here for you if anything happens. …and so is Mr. Turner, a sexual assault counselor I brought in for today. …and so is the board…. And so is all of your parents who signed the forms and knew what would happen. You are going to be naked all day and you are going to be fine all day. I promise.”

Jenna knew he shouldn’t have ended with a promise. Jenna knew that was the wrong word and while she hoped it was true and that he could deliver on that promise, she was more than positive today would end badly for several of the students. …She also knew they needed to hear from her.

Jenna stepped up on the raised platform at the front of the class, her softly tanned skin under the fluorescent light wasn’t the best look, but she wasn’t thinking about that. She lifted her head high and began, “Look. There’s a lot of bullshit going on here. I am not gonna lie, but what isn’t bullshit is that we’re on track to make a great musical which is what we all want, which is why we’re doing this.” She paused, “And, while I don’t think Mr. Elba is right in everything he said, I do think he’s right that this is a show. We have to think of it as a show. We are showing them us. All of us.” Jenna opened her arms wide with a subtle gesture to her body that said to the other kids ‘here I am in all my naked glory.’

“Look,” She continued, “One of the things that made this work for me is that I’m considering my naked body as a costume. It’s a costume surrounding a character. Today…today you all need to be a character; you need to find inside you a character that would be naked in school. I don’t know who that character is for you. My character is much more confident than even I am. …You gotta dig deep and find your character and act the hell out of that character all day in a great improv! Take today and make it the best acting exercise you’ve ever been part of. It’s certainly the biggest. What is it that Julie Taymor, who directed the Lion King on Broadway said? …Art without risk isn’t really art? Friends… Your body is art. The roles you play today are art. We have to take that risk and be the art today, so we can make greater art later.” The students had turned to positive murmuring. Jenna knew she had them. “So, let’s all get naked and make a musical happen!” She capped it off by thrusting her hands in the air like in Evita, and there was a roar.

Their teacher Mr. Elba didn’t try to calm the masses as the ones who were dressed started to undress again. Students were hugging. There were tears. A few students were giving each other high fives. Jenna was being complimented by those near her, with pats on the back as she stepped down from the platform.

…He didn’t try to calm them down, but he did have one more thing to say. “Kids, you gotta move fast. Homeroom is going to start and I don’t want any of you to be late. So…drop the clothes if you need too, but get moving. I’ll pick up whatever I find on the floor. Go. Go.”

And the drama club kids, invigorated by Jenna’s speech, vaguely calmed by the words of their untrustworthy teacher began to funnel out of the classroom into the student center.

The fully naked students, a mixture of boys and girls, a blend of seniors and sophomores and freshman and juniors, grabbed their donation envelopes and ventured forth into the school where the other students, staff and faculty would all be clothed and waiting for them…to see them… naked. To see their bodies, their nipples, their tits, their pussies, their dicks, their asses… to all of them. The clothed students were waiting…

And so was the school board, smiling and applauding as the Drama Club weaved their way through the crowd.

Cameras were flashing and whirring. Jenna saw the photography class, this time wearing their press badges, pointing and shooting with their professional lenses and cameras far superior to the cell phones the drama club kids would experience in most classrooms and situations throughout the day. It made her a little uneasy, but this was what had to happen.

Jenna scanned the crowd looking for Carly. She wanted to make sure they made it to homeroom together. Finding her just a few feet away, she reached for her hand…and the two pulled each other through the throng and headed up the hall for Mrs. Apgar’s room. The next 20 or so minutes would be in the safety of that room with the one teacher they’d almost consider a friend. After that, who knew what the day would bring?

As they exited the student center, Jenna looked back and saw the naked bodies of drama club kids threaded through the clothed bodies of the other students. Several teachers moving about ushering kids to home room. Telling them they were going to be late. Jenna saw Sarah in the mess…and smiled. She hoped for the best for her new friend as she went to her homeroom. They’d already gotten quite a show from the little blonde on Friday, but watching her pale skin shine out in the chaos, Jenna knew today that class would get an extravaganza.

The student center disappeared from view as Carly and Jenna moved quickly to their homeroom, hoping they made it before the bell.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 24- The Announcement Revisited

As Jenna and Carly got into the A-hallway with less people, the two slowed down. Even if they were late, Mrs. Apgar was not going to send either one of them down to the attendance office.

Jenna glanced over at Carly, “looking good, Carly!” She said happily.

And Jenna was right, Carly looked good. After her admission the other day of being a nudist at home and going to beaches, Jenna had been intrigued. Seeing her nude briefly on Friday, the absence of tan lines made sense. Her long brunette hair offset the tone of the tan of her skin, hiding the pale girl who no doubt lived beneath. Carly’s half dollar eyes and dimpled smile were always on view, but with no clothes upon the rest of her body, they seemed to blend perfectly into the picture of how beautiful she really was. Though her C-cup breasts were jostling upon her chest as they walked briskly down the hall, Jenna noted the hardness of Carly’s nipples nestled in her pink areolas. Jenna looked down to see if Carly had opted to fully shave her pubic hair over the weekend, only to see the opposite, the finely trimmed patch from Friday had become just a touch unruly during their time away. Anyone who hadn’t seen it, would never know and those who had seen it would never say.

The bell rang about a classroom before the two made it to the right door, the slowed down, but still held each other’s hand.

Reaching their door, but just outside of view, Jenna looked at Carly. “How do I look?” and gave a slow twirl.

Carly had always been impressed with Jenna. The two had been, if not good friends, way more than just acquaintances for years. They had been in the same dance classes when they were younger, and though Carly had given up extra-curricular dancing about a year ago, she had still come to the recitals and ballets. The two had worked together in every musical since the third grade and even done some community theater shows together. Carly knew Jenna was talented, more talented than she was. She’d never tell her, but that’s one of the reasons she stopped dancing, she didn’t want to compete with her anymore and she wanted Jenna to succeed. She took inspiration from Jenna and was willing to be second fiddle if it made the better girl’s start shine brighter.

…but in all those years and shows and moments together, Carly had never seen Jenna this way before, completely naked and unguarded.

“You look amazing.” The brunette said, as her eyes took in the sight of her friend. The boobs were perky, smooth and rounded, a good size for Jenna’s 5’6” athletic frame. Her brown eyes a perfect complement to her wavy brown shoulder length hair. On some people, that much brown may have been too much, but with Jenna’s soft tan, far more light rose in color than brown, eyes and hair were diffused.

“Thank You,” appreciatively stated Jenna with a scrunch of her nose, and a generous smile. Carly noticed the freckles fully for the first time in that instance and thought they were such a perfect accessory in this outfit.

The two looked at each other, knowing that they couldn’t stand in the hallway forever, knowing that they were already late, knowing that…the classroom was waiting for this. As one man, the two nude girls took a deep breath for courage and entered Mrs. Apgar’s classroom …and were greeted with a thunderous applause.

The two enjoyed this positive moment, even Mrs. Apgar was applauding. Jenna bowed to the class, as if taking a curtain call and Carly followed the gesture.

Their teacher showed them two seats she had made in the front of the class just for them. Unlike the rest of the desks and chairs in the room, all made of smooth cold plastic, these two seats had cushions on them.

“There’s a third cushion for your friend if you girls come in here for lunch today.” Mrs. Apgar said as quietly as she could, ushering the girls to some sit down and put an end to all the phone camera foolery that was happening.

As they made their way to the seats, Jenna looked around at the classroom. She saw Roger, and he definitely saw her naked today…she still wasn’t sure what he’d seen on Friday.

…The person she didn’t see was Ezra…but any worries on that would have to wait as there was a tone from the intercom, a now familiar voice to Jenna came through the loudspeakers…

“Good morning, Kentucky Central High School.” Mrs. Ritaworth’s voice was not as practiced as her predecessor, most of the class were looking around at each other wondering who this unfamiliar voice. “I am acting principal Mrs. Ritaworth.”

Some of the students laughed at the name.

“I will be taking over temporarily for that pervert Mr. McGuffin.” She continued unable to hear the students laughing at Mr. McGuffin being rightfully called a pervert.

Jenna and Carly were looking at each other for comfort, neither of the naked students knew what was going to happen next.

“I understand today is a very important day for the Drama Club, and by extension our whole school community.” Mrs. Ritaworth’s voice gained a bit of strength as she talked. “You’ve got a whole mess of naked students running around the school today. I implore you take advantage of this once in a lifetime opportunity.”

Mrs. Apgar’s eyes became wide as the pits in the stomach of all the theater kids grew. The rest of the school was suddenly quiet, listening for further instruction…

“I absolutely encourage you to donate to the drama club, first and foremost, I think that’s only fair. Give them the money they need to do you proud in their musical this year.” There was only the briefest of pauses in the administrator’s voice before her speech carried on, “…and once you have paid them, I don’t care what else you do to them outside of physical violence.”

There were audible gasps within every classroom.

“Have your camera’s ready. Take pictures and video. Post them where you are allowed. Insult them. Call them names. If you get a chance to touch their bodies, do it. Make them regret this decision they have made…but enjoy it while it lasts.” Mrs. Ritaworth’s voice paused again as if she expected the cheers that sprang up in classes around the school.

The same cheers that Ritaworth’s silence almost seemed to revel in sent Jenna and Carly into heart racing panic.

“Teachers and Staff,” the acting principal continued, “I am removing any rules about cell phone use in school or in class today. Please disregard any directives you have in place. Allow the students free use of their devices to record and enjoy the day. Connected to that, please take every opportunity to use these naked students as examples in your classroom demonstrations, make them come up to the board, make them stand in front of the classes as you can during the day. Help them put on a show for the other students. After all, that’s what this about, right?”

Another round of cheering, even louder. Jenna and Carly were looking around the room, looking for allies. …other students who were at least looking shocked and somewhat shamed. The girls were glancing at faces, marking which students were obviously ready to take their acting principal’s directives to heart, looking for the fellow students who should raise red flags.

Jenna’s eyes locked with Mrs. Apgar, and the teacher could see the panic on the young girl’s face.

The announcement continued as the woman’s voice on the intercom started again. “We are adding 10 extra minutes to homeroom this morning to allow for the collection of donations. If you do not have a drama club student in your homeroom, you may hold your donation until your lunch. Drama club kids will take a position on the cafeteria stage to accept donations and pose for pictures at that time.”

Carly looked at Jenna and their eyes rolled. They were hoping to sneak back to Mrs. Apgar during lunch, but that was out of the question now. At least they would be together.

“Again, please give to the cause…but remember to get something out of it, today. If these students are going to act like prostitutes, we should sure in hell treat them like prostitutes.” The voice finished and the intercom went dead.

Dead is exactly what Jenna, Carly, Sarah, and all the Drama Club kids wished they were. Even Jacob was beginning to think this was going to go very badly.

Many students…students in clothes, that is, burst into cheering when it was clear the announcement was over.

Teachers throughout the school were finding it difficult to get their classes to calm down…but after a few minutes the din in the hallways, A, B, C and D…had quieted.

Mrs. Apgar looked at her two nude girls, and nodded. It was time to take their donations.


Each girl stood with her envelope and turned to the rest of the class behind them. The burst of flashes from cameras, the thrusting of cash, and even a few students point and laughing at Jenna and Carly were sudden and shocking in their fierce insistence. Both girls were pushed back a step at the flurried wall of activity that greeted them.

Upon gaining their footing, they stepped forward fully aware of their nudity. Unable to cover or escape from the onslaught. They put on their show smiles and walked in and among the other students.

The reactions of both sexes were no surprising. Guys and girls alike were happy to see them. Girls were happy it was Jenna and Carly and not themselves. Some of the girls had chosen the option to be rude and insulting. They poked and pinched meanly at body parts the boys were eager to touch and rub lovingly.

Some of the boys smacked asses and tits. Some of the girls gently squeezed the same. Eventually to Jenna and Carly, the person behind the touch blurred and it was just a touch…a disembodied hand reaching out and violating their personal space and dignity.

If they lingered too long at a desk, they felt hands reaching for the promised land between their legs.

Students called them sluts and whores as Jenna and Carly meandered among the desks, collecting cash from boys and girls and knowing that their pictures were being taken.

And Mrs. Apgar sat at the front of the room, unable to stop it. Her heart was breaking for her two students. …and this was only their first class. School had barely started for the day. She knew it was going to get worse.

Towards the end of the time, which seemed to stretch on even longer than the added 10 minutes, the two naked students walked up to their teacher who gave her donation without a word or touch.

The rest of the class was visibly and audibly disappointed.

“Go ahead Mrs. A, you can touch them!” Shouted a voice from the room. “Yeah! It’s your turn now!”

“I don’t think I should…” The teacher commented to the class, trying to avoid any action.

“Touch them! Touch Them! Touch Them!” The class started to chant.

Mrs. Apgar looked the two girls unsure of what she should do. She waved off the rest of the class, signaling that she would touch the girls, which only made the chant stronger.

Jenna looked Mrs. Apgar point blank in the face, through palpable fear, but with great understanding of the pressure of the moment, Jenna nodded that it was okay.

Mrs. Apgar took a deep breath and reached her hand out, low and slow connecting with Jenna’s shaven pubis and pushed her hand deeper between her student’s legs. The teacher’s fingers touched on Jenna’s pussy lips and felt the slight dampness that came not from lust or desire but from fear and embarrassment.

As she pulled her hand out, to the cheers of the class, Mrs. Apgar couldn’t help but let her pointer finger drift higher and slide between the folds of skin of Jenna’s sex. The naked girl could not help the wanton gasp that escaped her lips and rolled her eyes in electric pleasure.

The teacher smiled at her charge and looked towards Carly, who had watched the actions with eager anticipating. Mrs. Apgar raised her hand, the one that had been between Jenna’s legs, and held it in front of Carly’s mouth…the trickle of juices visible upon it…and offered to the young girl to lick. Carly willingly but cautiously complied.

As the room gasped in devious desire of what would come next, the bell rang…the tense anticipation and wonder of what could be and what would be deflated between the three women.

The room began to empty out with energetic conversations among the students.

One girl, Janella, who was generally friendly and nice to Jenna and Carly…stopped at the door, looked at the three women and called them all “A bunch of fucking sluts,” before she exited.

Carly’s head dropped. “She’s in my next class.”

Jenna remembered it was in C-Wing. “You better get going Carly, you don’t want to be late.”

The two touched hands for a moment. “Be safe,” they both said almost in unison, before Carly left the room.

Mrs. Apgar had sat on the corner of her desk. Her mind was reeling and Jenna could sense unease in her teacher.

“I gotta go, I don’t want to be late…but, are you gonna be ok?” Jenna asked.

Shaking her head. “No…I don’t think I’ll ever be okay again…,” she shook it off, however, “But I’m okay Jenna. Go…Get to class. We’ll talk later.”

Jenna grabbed her bag and put her envelope in it, heading out the door to Mr. Riley’s class, wondering what danger, debasement and debauchery awaited there.


The Nude Fundraiser: Part 25- The Distraction

Jenna wasn’t late for Mr. Riley’s Literature and The Human Experience class today. She had made sure of it. On Friday she was accused of being a distraction, so today she was determined to be anything but a distraction.

As she entered the class naked as the day she was born, but without all the screaming, Jenna was a taken back a little by seeing what seemed like casual nonchalance from her usually strict and grumpy teacher. Mr. Riley was seated behind his desk, though he usually stood near the door or in front of the desk as the students came in. He was sitting comfortable back in his chair and he had a book in his hands. He was not currently reading, but in a state of readiness, as if he could be reading a second’s notice. He was not oblivious to the students entering, but was not counting and assessing the attendance with his usual hawk-like diligence.

Jenna was relieved, as she looked at the already seated classmates, to realize that there were 2 other drama club kids in the room, Emily and Ryan. They were both doing their part for the musical sitting there naked and waiting for whatever was to come next. Neither was looking up, their eyes cast downward ashamed. Emily was tucked in tight to her desk with her arms crossed over her breasts. Ryan, too, had tucked up closer to his desk and had one hand over his crotch covering his penis. They both looked as if they were having second thoughts. Had their homeroom experience been similar?

Mrs. Ritaworth has whipped Jenna’s homeroom into a frenzy that had an effect on the one teacher who made Jenna feel safe. Had these students been subject to the same, but in a class where the teacher was less reluctant or friendly?

Her chance to ask them passed as the bell rang. Jenna took her seat quickly. She took some comfort that she wasn’t alone in her nudity, but she was keenly aware that she was adorned by it in a different tone than the other students.

Mr. Riley began to speak without moving from his desk, without changing from what had to be at least a moderately comfortable posture in the institutional furniture he’d been allowed. “Students,” his grumpy gruff voice sounded the same as usual, “Fuck today.” His words were not his usual. “The schoolboard has deemed today to be education free by virtue of their insistence in carrying out this perverse charade of a fundraiser. Therefore, I deem today to be unworthy of my effort to educate. Read at your leisure.”

There was a pause as none of the student quite knew what was happening. Mr. Riley’s body attitude changed slightly as he realized the dense-ness of his charges and their utter confusion at his words.

“Read. To yourself. At your desk. Whatever you brought with you. Talking to a minimum. Stay in your seats. Leave me alone. Exit at the bell and have a nice day.” He barked the details in staccato directives, easy to swallow bites.

Jenna looked around, some of the students were pulling books out of their bags. Some students were pulling out their cell phones. She looked towards Emily and saw relief on her face. After the events of this morning, Jenna had to agree.

Rob Fabrik, a generally unremarkable student Jenna had considered neither a threat nor an ally, raised his hand.

“Yes, Mr. Fabrik…what part of do your own thing did you not understand?” Responded the teacher with an air of exasperation.

“Um… given what Mrs. Butterworth said…” Rob timidly began, but his error on the acting principal’s name earned laughter from his classmate.

“Ritaworth, Mr. Fabrik.” The old man corrected.

“So, with what she said,” the student avoiding the name completely now, “Shouldn’t we…like… make one of them read to us?” He motioned generally in a way that denoted Jenna, Emily and Ryan.

More frustrated than before, Mr. Riley leaned forward and looked severe and seriously at Rob and the whole class. “While I have no love for this perverse fundraiser, I also do not agree with our reigning head of household Mrs. Ritaworth. I do not see this as a reason to shame or humiliate these students in any further way apart from letting them know my displeasure at their decision-making skills and how I affects my ability to shape the minds of the generation that will be maybe be leading this country and world shortly after I am dead and buried. I choose not to swing whatever axe it is she has to grind at the expense of people that will be with me for the better part of the next 8 months. I choose to maintain some level of dignity and respect towards those students, Mr. Fabrik.”

There was silence.

“I bid you do the same for the rest of the day, Mr. Fabrik and all of you. The students you see today, bereft of sense and clothing, are here to be pitied and not put upon. They do deserve compassion and not contempt. …even if it’s going to waste an entire damn day of instruction.” And with that, Mr. Riley retreated back to his comfortable lean in the uncomfortable chair and raised his book in front of him.

Jenna sat back in her seat with a smile. A glance at Ryan and Emily showed a new lightness in their own postures that felt good. Each had uncovered themselves and relaxed their sense of fear and protection. Jenna hoped that sense could remain. Perhaps it could for this class.

The next hour was going to be easy. There will most likely be more touching and torment throughout the day. She would no doubt be forced into something dubious and disheartening before the end of the day, Jenna thought…but for now, being naked was enough to satisfy the authority in this room and being naked was something Jenna was really getting used too.

She sensed Mr. Riley looking out at the class. He was still a teacher and his instincts made something like cursory glances at his students not only second nature, but completely unstoppable. His internal wiring didn’t know how to not check on his classes from behind his book.

Jenna saw him looking out and making sure everyone was doing as they should. For the most part they were. Perhaps there was a little too much talking, but that would be corrected if it reached a certain level (and it most certainly would,) but for now things were good.

Jenna made a little cough, which got Mr. Riley’s attention. When she was sure he was looking at her, she mouthed the words “thank you.” …and then spread her legs under her desk giving him a look between them. He was startled by the action, as witnessed by his widened eyes. He shook his head in disappointment, but Jenna saw his smile before he retreated behind his book again.

That made her smile.

Jenna leaned over and pulled her history book from her bag. She hadn’t given it much thought since Friday when Lauren had tormented all through Mr. Gunderson’s history class, and she wasn’t really thinking of it then. She had a feeling that maybe she should study a bit before she went back to his class next period. …in a way it proved Mr. Riley wrong. Learning could happen today while students were naked.

At least, that’s when Jenna hoped.


