Student Bodies - In Spain
by WillingWolf

A dozen students have a really sexy holiday.

Authored by Frankie and Friends and compiled by Frankie

Chapter 10 Pedro's Restaurant again. Frankie.

We were sitting around the pool one day towards the middle of the third week reminiscing about Pedro's and whatever they must have thought of us. Sarah had never really told the guys what had happened to her in the toilets as she was picking up the bill, so now after a few drinks they persuaded her to spill the beans.

'Looking back on the whole evening it was great fun,' she said. 'I'll admit I was a bit shocked at the time to find myself in the toilet with them watching me pee and then being fucked by one waiter and giving another a blow job. They were good looking boys though.' She half smiled, 'and the one I was sitting on, he was a really big boy if you know what I mean.'

We all did. There was no need for her to go into details, anyway all the girls had been told the story at length. And I do mean at length.

'We should go back there,' said Josh. 'What about it girls? Would you like that sort of evening again.'

We all looked at each other and Cindy shrugged. Yasmin smiled and said 'Suits me, but only if everyone else wants to do it. I am not fussed.'

Hannah laughed and said, 'Yasmin you little liar. You came back and said that was one of the best nights you ever had and you wished we could do it all over again.' Little slut.

She blushed strongly, 'That was not quite what I said, sneak. Remind me to tell you any more secrets, I don't think.'

We all laughed.

'Don't worry Yas,' I added, 'I think we all enjoyed it, although I think I had just about the worst of it. I was the one who had to start it all off with the asparagus and then I was the one who had to pee in the jug. I was so embarrassed, and I didn't get to fuck the waiter like Sarah here.

Go on then Josh, I think we are all up for it, particularly if you can get a discount again. They might not even want us back of course.

'I am positive that they would. If they knew we were coming they would arrange the evening around us. How would you feel about being exposed and humiliated before a restaurant full of strangers? And we will get a cheap food and drink evening.'

If we had not been sold on the idea of a whole roomful of people ogling us, and I certainly was getting sticky at the thought of it, the free food and drink would have sold it.

Anyway, Josh and Pete went into town that afternoon by bus and negotiated the deal. They came back to say they would be delighted to have us and yes, we had managed to get a good deal. It was a minimum of fifty percent off and maybe more depending how the evening went.

'Smart casual, with skirts, underwear to include bras, g-strings and stockings,' was the dress code.

We duly assembled in the lounge and raised our skirts. We declined the reversed, knotted g-strings on the basis that most us were already creaming at the thought of the night ahead. We were not really going to take our clothes off in a restaurant, with other people watching? Were we?

We had a drink or three en route and arrived at the restaurant about nine. We were the last table to fill and I noticed that not only were all the other tables full but that there were only two or three girls in the whole place. We found out later that Pedro's had sold tickets to stag groups at a premium to the normal food and drink prices. They were confident that we would put on a show. My heart sank but my crotch creamed even more.

There was wine and Spanish bubbly on the table, so we quickly settled in. The menus followed and we picked out our first two courses.

Pete gave us no chance for a breathing space before he drew our attention to the fact that a few of the people on the other tables who were eating their starters already, were eating asparagus tips.

'I think you know what you must do girls. Offer to season it for them.'

We giggled and in high spirits trouped down to the expectant tables. I spotted this big guy about to eat his last spear and sidled up to him and said 'Can I season it for you.' He looked a bit blank so I picked it up in my fingers and eased it under my g-string along my warm and sticky little slit. I managed to stay decently covered and withdrew it before placing it between his lips. I started turning back to return to my table to hear a lady behind me say, 'Damn, I wish I hadn't eaten my asparagus so quickly.'

I returned back to my table and my starter of lush ripe figs. I looked down at them and was glad that the lady had not had these. Who knows what she might have wanted me to do.

The starters were finished and gathered up and, as they were going, Pete, this time, produced a pair of dice.

'How lucky do you feel girls. I want you to take these down to the tables over there and bet your clothes against theirs. Highest wins. Draw no bet. Bring me back two pairs of trousers.

'Why don't you go first Lucy.'

Lucy gulped, picked up the dice and chose a really good-looking lad on one of the tables. He had obviously heard the rules of the task that had been set for her and was delighted to throw a five. Sure enough her three was not good enough and she peeled off her shirt and threw again. This time she won and collected his trousers. Turning to the next guy she offered him the dice and laughed as he threw a one. You could see him groan and start to undo his trousers. But wait, she threw a one as well. No winner. They threw again and this time Lucy lost again and slowly removed her skirt. Now it was getting interesting but she threw a four to his two, claimed his trousers and returned to her seat victoriously.

Cindy was offered the dice next and duly went off to find a good-looking lad. I had quickly calculated that while there were thirty to forty pairs of trousers to win, between us we had six or even seven items of clothing each including stockings and the odd suspender belt. I could see that it was going to be close and each girl needed a bit of luck to stay modest.

While I was calculating Cindy had won a pair of trousers with her first throw but then lost twice in a row to lose her pretty yellow top and ra-ra skirt.

'Before you throw,' said the guy. 'I am not throwing for your stockings. I would like to see those stay on. I want your bra or panties.'

A cheer arose. Cindy tried in vain to bet with a couple of the other guys but they were all agreed. They wanted to see the stockings stay on. This changed the odds dramatically. Cindy was forced to agree and bet her bra, but won. She gleefully collected his trousers and returned to the table with her booty.

In the meantime I had worked out that with only twenty four items of clothing between us we were in trouble. We needed to be more than twice as lucky as the men. Mind you we would stop after one round and we had collected two pairs each. Wouldn't we?

Yasmin followed but had dreadful luck. She could not seem to throw better than a two. She even stopped and threw a couple of practice throws after losing both her blouse and skirt to the first guy she approached. She changed dice with him and tried to offer him a throw for her stockings and the suspender belt that she had on. No takers.

At last with her third throw she got lucky and took his trousers with a three to his one. She turned to the next boy and gave him the dice. He threw a six for her bra ands sat back with glee. Her two was not nearly good enough and a cheer rent the air. Embarrassed, she lowered the bra down her arms. The drink was obviously telling on some of the guys as a couple of calls were heard, 'That's a boy. Where are her tits.'

Yasmin was quick to pick up her bra and started to put it back on saying, 'If you don't like them...' She was reassured by the majority of the guys shouting in her defence, and anyway what the hell was she going to do about it anyway. We knew she was going to end up at some stage with no clothes on. Luckily for her she won the next throw and claimed the trousers before returning to the table.

Hannah was next up and was very lucky collecting her two pairs for the loss of only her blouse. She threw them on to the growing pile.

Sarah was remarkably quickly back at her place for the loss of her top and skirt and I was handed the dice.

Like Yasmin I started badly, to lose my top and skirt in two throws. I knew I had a good body and was receiving my fair share of whistles. I had a pretty good tan and the white lacy underwear and stockings I had chosen that night contrasted well. I knew I looked good. I eventually won a pair of trousers and was a little blasé about my bra anyway. I so rarely wore one nowadays that I would be almost pleased to get it off. Sure enough, off it came, and now I realised why I should have wanted to keep it. I was betting for my panties. I was going to be the first person to go naked before all these lusting men. I really started to get hot and sticky. I did not dare look down to see if my lacy g was showing a wet patch yet. We had all been a bit worked up and moist, so the boys said, as we left the villa, but I had relaxed and lost some of the sexual tension. Now it was coming back full force. I knew I wanted to take them off in front of all these people. But something stopped me. What would my mother say?

Luckily I won and scooted back to the table with my spoils.

Our main courses arrived and all activity stopped while we ate and drank some more bubbly.

'Shot time,' called Josh to a huge cheer.

I knew the boys liked a few shots but their reaction was over the top. I thought.

'Body shots with tequila,' called Josh. 'Off you go girls. One lay down on each table please. A line of salt on your tummy, a shot glass of tequila between your breasts and a slice of lime in your mouth. No hands guys.'

This was fun. Yas and I were the only topless ones and we were popular as the calls of 'Frankie over here' and 'Yasmin, our table please' showed. We all chose a table and the boys lined up to lick a line of salt off our bellies drink the shot and squeeze the lime between our mouths. It inevitably ended as a big sloppy kiss with tongues.

Back to the table but our rest was short. As the waiters cleared away the dice were given first to Hannah, sitting here almost fully dressed and off she went again.

Her luck was not nearly so good this time and she quickly lost her skirt and then her bra before winning a pair of trousers. Her magnificent breasts were greeted with cheers and obscene comments about what the boys would like to do with them. Still her luck did not change as her punter threw a six. The room had gone quiet somehow. They knew that sooner or later someone was going to lose their panties and that this could be the one. Anything other than a six and they were off.

A four meant they were off. Poor Hannah went red. We later found out that she was as worried about what to bet next, as she was taking her knickers off. She really had turned into quite a little exhibitionist. She turned her back on the lad like all good strippers do and eased them over her bottom to cheers. Turning she shimmied and they dropped to her feet with a roar of excitement. The boys realised that we were playing for real.

'If you win you can play with my tits,' Hannah suggested. This was acceptable to the lad, especially as she had such a wonderful pair. She won the next throw and came scampering back with the two pairs of trousers to add to the growing pile.

It also set the next bet after losing your g-string. I remember thinking that it could have been an awful lot worse.

Lucy followed and at first was going well. Her first pair of trousers were collected with no loss, but she lost her bra with her second throw and her panties with her third throw to this slightly gormless looking individual. Surely, she would not lose three in a row. No. She laughed in relief, stuck out her tongue and said, 'Better luck next time. Yeah right.'

He cheated, of course, at this provocation, he was not as dim as he looked. He made a grab for her tits as he handed over his trousers. He was just quick enough to grab one by the nipple and squeeze it hard enough for Lucy's squeal to be heard above the hubbub. My nipples firmed in solidarity. Why wasn't I down there. I was feeling very randy.

Cindy was sent next, but, while she was trying to select a reasonable looking guy who still had trousers left on, Pete took Lucy down into the kitchen. She followed him down through the restaurant, modestly trying to keep a hand over her little bald muff. We wondered where they were off to.

Cindy got pretty lucky. She found a fit-looking lad and took his trousers with her first bet. She was not quite as lucky with his buddy sitting beside him, and lost both her bra and g-string to him. She told us later that although he wasn't the best-looking boy in the bunch she was really hoping to get her breasts squeezed and sucked. Fate however did not have that in mind and she was back with her two pairs.

Sarah was chosen next and she had a really bad run to lose both her bra and panties for the first pair of trousers, and humiliatingly had her tits groped for the second pair. She also established the level of the next bet by agreeing to bend over in front of him so that he could fondle her crack if she lost. She did however throw a six to his four and escaped with at least that part of her body unmolested.

The next to throw was Yasmin and she won her first pair with the first throw. After that the poor girl, or maybe the lucky girl, the way I was beginning to feel, lost her panties with the next throw. This lad was so rude about her tits when she declared the next bet that she moved on to the guy beside him. When she duly lost he was as happy as a pig-in-shit as he played with her tits even if they were small. He nibbled away at her nipples and was delighted to see them standing out firm and proud. She then struck gold and claimed her last pair pf trousers.

She whispered to me as she came past, 'I really need an orgasm.'

That was exactly the way I felt. I was next and practically snatched up the dice. The problem was we were running out of youngish or good-looking guys. I was forced to choose this guy in his fifties I guess, who was not too bad looking, but sitting between a pair of gross fat guys, who were already sweating up in anticipation. Had I thought carefully I would have chosen one of the fat guys first.

I was lucky, or perhaps unlucky, to get the older guy's trousers with the first throw and I turned towards one of the fat guys. To cheers I lost and happily spun around and slipped off my g-string. I was really feeling hot. The juices were flowing. I could smell them and feel the fact that the ooze was starting to moisten my thighs. The same guy gleefully bet me for my tits and my hot spots quickly cooled at thought of his sweaty paws. Sure enough I lost, and he groped and slobbered over my breasts for what felt like ages. The problem with stopping him was that if I lost the next throw, he was going straight to my puss. Nobody like him had ever been near it before. I would have to do it though. I started to get stickier and stickier at the thought of bending over for his sweaty little hands and piggy little eyes to devour me. This was going to be a test. Would I scream?

I eventually could stand his slobbering no more, bit the bullet and with shaking hands rolled a three. I shouted aloud as he rolled a two. I thought he was going to cry as he took off his undoubtedly smelly, huge trousers. Yeahhhh.

'Shot time again,' called Josh to cheers.

'Off you go girls. Frankie, Lucy is a little tied up at the moment will you do two tables please. All choose a different table this time.

Now this time I would like you to sprinkle the salt on their nipples guys, then when you have licked that pour the contents of the shot glass into her tummy button before licking it out. The lime will be in her mouth as before. Off you go.'

This as you can imagine took a little time particularly the salt licking, but I didn't hear any complaints from the other girls.

We were eventually back to the table

Pete took back control of the evening and asked everyone to be seated because dessert was about to be served. And what a dessert. Now we knew where Lucy had gone. She arrived lying face up, spread legged, and covered from neck to toes in chocolate cream dessert. The gooey chocolate moulded itself around her breasts, over her pudenda and even under her arms and between her toes.

The head waiter who had decorously steered the trolley on a tour of the room eventually called up the tables one by one. While there were spoons on the table everyone could help themselves using their fingers to put it on the plate or even their tongues if they only wanted a mouthful.

We were eventually called last, to find poor Lucy in a state, both physically and mentally. Just about everyone had taken the opportunity to grope her and she was sticky with both chocolate and her own juices.

She whispered to me, 'Cindy I really need an orgasm. Can you help me please. I am going to burst.' I found out later that the waiters under the guise of hygiene, had soaped her and played with every orifice before coating her slowly and tantalisingly with the chocolate mixture. They had of course tested it for lickability and she had been desperate to come even before being wheeled in.

Unfortunately for her Pete heard this whisper and shook his head at me. 'I will sort it for her,' he murmured.

'Gentlemen,' he called. I need four volunteers. 'My little friend Lucy here needs an orgasm. Can anyone help.'

You can imagine the reaction from the boys, from whom Pete picked four. Lucy again later told us that she had blushed to the very soles of her feet, but that this had been obscured by the chocolatey smears still covering her body.

Pete arranged the boys around the trolley. They had all removed their shirts as they came to get dessert. Lucy automatically pushed her head to one side and opened her mouth to encourage one of the lads to drop his boxers and put his cock in her mouth. The other lad at her head found her right hand investigating the front of his boxers in order to wank him off. Meantime the other two did not stand idle, one concentrated on playing with her tits, the other pushing first one, then two, then three fingers up her squelching hole.

Lucy took no time at all in starting on what was obviously going to be a fabulous orgasm. Even so the lad she was fellating came first, pulling out of her mouth and spraying his cum all over her face. Lucy wasn't far behind however and came practically falling off the trolley jerking her legs around. On seeing this, the two lads playing with Lucy also lowered their boxers and started to gently massage their cocks. Their intentions were clearly to add to the cream over her body. Gradually the four boys moved their way around her body each getting their turn in her hand and her mouth and eventually spurting over her body. The head waiter then wheeled away the trolley. It was to be the last we saw of Lucy for some time. We would hear her, from time to time, screaming with pleasure in the kitchen. She returned to us nearly half an hour later, showered, but still naked and still shaking from a string of orgasms.

After the desserts were finished and Lucy had been rolled away Josh called out that it was time for another round of shots.

'Off you go girls. This time perhaps Yasmin could manage two tables.'

I think he chose Yas because he knew she was enjoying this immensely even if she was too shy to say so.

'Now this time girls, the salt will be around your nipples like last time but... '

Oh no what was going to happen now?

'But before you lay back down you must place a piece of the lime in your vaginas, not too deep because the guys have to get it out without using their hands. Then lay down and press your legs tightly together...'

Nooo my worst fears were fully realised, I started to cream again.

'You may even want to cross one ankle over the other. The shot will be poured over your pussy and the guy will lap it from between your legs, eventually fighting his way in between your legs to get the slice of lime. Let's go.'

What a cheer rent the room.

I slipped the slice of lime half into my slot crossed my ankles and waited.

I felt the salt being poured over my nipples which were now damp with either perspiration or saliva before the nearest lad started licking. I tensed as he moved down over my legs and the shot of chilled tequila was poured over my pudenda. I gamefully tried to hold as much as I could between my thighs as he snuffled and licked up everything he could find before forcing his way between my legs and grabbing the lime with his teeth.

I hadn't cum with this one but I knew I was never going to make the next seven lads without climaxing at least once. One or two of them were going to get a very sticky piece of lime.

I think all our legs were a bit wobbly.

Yasmin practically had to be dragged off the table as she was pleading with the lads to 'Lick me again, please. Stick your fingers up me. Make me cum. Ohhh.'

By the time we were all back at our table Lucy had joined us. She was still shaking from her time in the kitchen. I guessed that she had been the waiter's perks.

It was getting towards midnight and we girls needed our beds, and somebody in them.

'Just one last little game girls. Take the trousers back to your donors and thank one of the guys on that table with a little blow job. I promised them one per table. They can decide amongst themselves who gets it.

Well, you should have heard the shouting and the entreaties. I think even Josh realised that it would have been downright dangerous to send us poor innocent unprotected naked girls, well maybe not innocent, but you know what I mean down amongst the howling mob.

'Guys guys a little decorum please or no-one gets one. Nice and orderly. One person from each table up to the front here please. There was a rush of course. With at least twenty people storming the front.

Josh took charge again. He made them all sit down and then produced his dice at each table in turn making the lads throw sixes for the pleasure of getting a blow job.

Eventually order prevailed and six lads, well four lads and two older men as it happens, walked trouser-less to the front and produced their rampant cocks.

There was a bit of a rush from us girlies to get the four younger lads, so consequently myself and Hannah who had been sitting towards the back of the table ended up with the older guys. Mine was not only older but probably weighed as much as the other five put together. And as for sweaty, well ..... His underwear was stained and moist and I had to take a deep breath of fresh air to get anywhere near him. But he did have a big cock and once you got used to the smell.... after a few moments I hardly noticed that he was playing with my tits and trying to get his hand between my legs. I was in so much need of being fucked myself that I vaguely remember facilitating him by moving round so that he could actually reach my bum and crack. Heaven? Maybe not, but any port in a storm as they say.

He managed to get me off almost as quickly as I got him off. He poured a mouthful of cream into my mouth and while I considered swallowing it I thought he might prefer it if I just dribbled it over my tits, which is what I did. He was appreciative and ordered us girls a round of shots and me a bottle of their best champagne. I even kissed him on the mouth and let him taste his own cum to thank him. He may not have been good-looking but he was grateful, and rich. A wonderful combination.

He also started a bit of a trend with a lot of the other guys buying us bottles to take home. I think they thought that we might take the donors with us.

The restaurant ordered us taxis to take us all home. We girls grabbed the first one and agreed to meet our boys at home.

By the time they arrived we had finished two of the cheaper bottles of bubbly and were tucked up in bed.

Waiting of course for the boys to arrive. Cindy had drawn lots and on each door was a little yellow post-it note with a boy's name. We all promised not to get out of bed to read them and I waited with almost baited breath to see who it would be. I was delighted to see Jon in the doorway whispering, 'Frankie are you awake?'

The mood I was in, it was going to be his lucky night.


Chapter 11 Pete's story

About seventeen or eighteen days some of us were beginning to worry about running out of money and, quite frankly, I for one, enjoyed the evenings in more than most of the evenings out. I never thought that I would be holidaying with a bunch of girls who wanted sex as much as us lads did. There also seemed to be little in the way of experimentation that they were not willing to try.

I guess this is how it came about that a bunch of us boys were lounging by the pool one afternoon. We had been working out a bit, done some exercises and were relaxing with a beer.

'What about tonight?' was the call.

'I wouldn't mind staying in,' I said. 'In fact you may have to rope me and tie me to get me out if I can find a girl to stay with me.'

I think that my unfortunate use of the word 'tie' caught the imaginations and a set of plans were hastily made.

The feeling was that we would have our 'wicked' way with the girls first and if necessary pay the penalty of their imagination later.

If we planned things right they may not have the energy or the will to do to us what we were hoping to do to them.

A couple of the guys went shopping for a range of things including half a dozen large G clamps, that Luther had noticed in a hardware shop, while the rest of us set about refining the plan.

As usual at dinner over a few drinks, the evening's entertainment was mulled over. The guys had agreed that I would stage-manage the evening so I went straight for the jugular.

'Look girls, I am getting a bit broke and anyway like the idea of staying in again. If you fancy an adventurous evening I have an idea. We all saw how Cindy got off to a bit of bondage, how about we all try it.'

There were some dubious looks cast, but Cindy of course said 'Count me in.'

Jon and Luther acquiesced, as planned, and then so did Frankie and Sarah.

'Look,' I said. 'Usual rules, nobody gets anything they don't want. We can have stop words to call, if you seriously want the other people to stop what they are doing to you.'

'All right, I'm in,' said Yasmin and Hannah agreed with her. There were nods all round.

Chris went out to make some cocktail shots, with the idea of loosening everybody up and I continued to try to arrange the evening the way we had planned it.

'This really is a sort of individual thing mentally, so unless, like the role playing night, we insist that nobody gets to see what happens in advance, we might be better off doing say girls first then boys. Or we could go first if you like.'

Frankie was quick to spot, as I hoped, that, if they started on us, we might get some strong ideas that we had not thought about. This way they could always do to us what we did to them.

'You boys tie us first,' was the general agreement, as the drinks were circulated.

After about an hour I said, 'Ok let's make a start. If we can do this my way some of you may have a while to wait so the best thing is to have you all in separate rooms please.'

That is how we had all six sitting in a different bedroom waiting.

The boys knew what to do.

Firstly we all went to a girl, blindfolded her and tied her hands behind her back. 'This the way it is going to go tonight' I hissed. 'You are going to be tied, beaten and fucked without mercy. Your stop words are Antithesis to stop any more physical actions and Xenophobia to stop any more sexual actions. Wait here now in the dark with your blindfold on and think about what is going to happen to you.'

I had deliberately chosen unusual, and hard to remember words as stop words in the hope that they may forget them.

We now collected three of the girls, of which Jon and I collected Hannah. I spun her around a couple of times to disorient her and led her to the hallway downstairs.

We had fastened three of the g-clamps, one each over a doorway, using the wooden frame to support them. We had tried hauling on them and found that they were sufficiently strong for our purpose.

We loosened Hannah's hands and pulled her t-shirt over her head, before refastening her hands above her head and tied tight to the g-clamp. It did not have to hold her weight, only stop her moving around.

I could see and hear the other four guys tying Frankie and Lucy in a similar fashion.

We were agreed that we would speak as little as possible so that the blindfolded girls would have no idea what was happening to the other girls who they could hear close by.

Jon and I started playing with Hannah's gorgeous tits. Her arms being held high succeeded in pushing them right out front, rather than sagging slightly as was their wont. We undid the front fastening of her bra and they stood unfettered, rising magnificently. We kissed, licked, nibbled and pinched her nipples until they were tight, hard and probably a little sore. Jon undid the shoulder straps to ease the bra off completely.

I put my hands under her skirt, slowly easing my hands up her thighs and lifting her skirt with it. She would be able to tell that I was gradually exposing her to view. Jon did the same from behind, folding the hem into the waist band to hold it there. He ran his hands over her bottom and we could feel her beginning to shudder with anticipation. I released her skirt and pulled it away from her feet. Just her panties were left. These were white, lacy with gauzy panels, through which we could see her bare pudenda. Together Jon and I insinuated out hands into her waistband and pulled them down. They were already sticky with pussy secretions and they stuck in her crack momentarily. Down they came.

I started to slap her bottom while Jon again started playing with her tits.

Smack after smack on alternate cheeks. We had collected some pegs from the washing line and we eased one onto each nipple.

She started to howl and cry, 'No, no, no that hurts.' There was no sign of the stop word.

Jon started to paddle her bottom with his hand again, while I, working on the principle that alternating pain and pleasure was acceptable, played with her lips and clitoris.

She was leaking strongly and Jon paused in his ministrations to pick up a handful of ice. He passed a couple of lumps to me and we set about her body, running the ice lumps down her sides, over her breasts and eventually running a piece slowly along her crack from her clit to her arsehole.

While Jon undressed I slapped her bottom ten or twelve times more. Jon then took over as I undressed. I could see that the other guys were reaching the same sort of stage as we were.

Having warmed her up again we slipped off the pegs and she squealed anew as the blood rushed back to the extremities. We of course followed them up with more ice cubes, packing them around her breasts until she started to wail and cry. We took two, by now smallish, smooth lumps and inserted one each into her vagina and anus and stood back to watch her drip.

We moved up close, Jon rubbing his chest against her tits enabling her to feel his rampant cock against her stomach. I stood close behind her so that as Jon pushed, she backed into me, the meat in our sandwich. Jon eased his cock into her crack and leaning slightly back placed the knob end against her pussy lips. He eased into her and she sighed with gratification. 'Ohh Yes' she cried. There was no thought in mind of Xenophobia at this stage. I slapped her a few more times on the bum as Jon stood still and allowed her to get comfortable, stretched over his cock, supported on that, her toes and the strength of her arms.

I squeeze an inch of lubricant from a tube onto my dick and massaged it in. I put a finger onto her brown puckered hole and squeezed the end into her arse. Whether she had an inkling of what was to come I do not know but she got very agitated, jumping around on Jon's cock and groaning, no, no. no. Where my finger had been I now pushed the end of my cock. As the head squeezed in she cried again, so I paused and waited for her to adjust until I pushed a little further. Gradually I was fully embedded. What a strange feeling it was to be alongside Jon's cock, deep in her body, separated only by a thin membrane.

We started to push together raising her toes from the floor together and then easing down to slide four or five inches out, before sliding them back.

Hannah came first, but not by long. This amazing tightness and the scenario that had led to it was too much for me. After only another half dozen strokes I too came and filled her anal passage with spunk. I stayed there supporting her rapidly sagging body as Jon finished also deep inside her. We eased ourselves from her tired frame, untied her hands and carried her to bed. Here was one girl who we hoped was far too tired (you might say shagged out) to demand retribution tonight.

As all the guys finished we met up again in the kitchen and slugged a couple of beers before starting on the second half of our evening. We stayed in the same pairs and this time Jon and I got Sarah.

She was lying on the bed still blindfolded and tied and a little panicky.

'What did you do to those girls? I heard them screaming.' she said.

'Rest assured' I said, 'nobody used their stop words.' I figured that this would make her even less likely to use the words if she believed that everyone else had stood up to the punishment.

Again we pulled off her shirt, she was already bra-less, and tied her to the door frame. We felt it was only fair to give then as much as possible the same treatment as each other, even though at the end of the day they were unlikely to compare exact notes of how many times they were slapped or what with. Cindy however we believed could probably not only take but want a little more, so Josh and Luther had a paddle hair brush ready instead of their hands.

Sarah was even more ready for sex than Hannah had been. I think the waiting had warmed her up and she was quickly enjoying everything we did to her especially it seemed that slapping of her bottom. Just for good measure before applying the pegs I slapped her tits a couple if times to howls and then applied the pegs. The language she used was fierce and I could almost see her trying to remember the stop word.

We softened her up a little by tending to her cunt lips, kissing, licking and blowing on them until she seemed to forget about the pain on her nipples.

The ice treatment followed and again we heard a few strong words that we had not heard for a long time. We slipped the ice up her cunt and arse and stepped back to watch it melt.

At that moment we heard Yasmin say 'Antithesis. I can't take any more I don't think.' Sarah chimed in' That's the word. Antithesis, you bastards.'

We laughed and said, 'The pain is over now. It is only the sex word and I don't think you will want to say that one even if you can remember it.'

Cindy however had not had enough. 'Smack me some more,' she cried, as she started to orgasm and Josh laid into her with the hair brush as Luther tickled her clitoris.

We proceeded to sandwich Sarah. This time the poor girl was going to get Jon's enormous cock up her arse. I wondered how she would enjoy that.

I squeezed up against her and pushed my prick up her dripping hole. It was like cutting butter with a hot knife.

Talking of butter, Jon was greasing himself up with the tube of jelly.

He put first one, then two and finally three fingers deep into her arse. She knew what was coming all right as she groaned, 'Slowly please.'

She still did not know that it was Jon but she realised it as soon as he started to ease his cock into her.

'No, not you Jon. Shit no please.' She was however enjoying it far too much to think about stopping. 'She was very vocal. 'Yes that's right slowly. Yes.Yes. Ohhh Fuck me please.'

He was obviously all the way in and having practised now with Hannah, and with the advantage of having come once already only an hour ago, we were fucking her like seasoned pros. She came another twice before hanging limply from her wrists Jon and I came again deep inside her.

After carrying her up to bed, we met in the kitchen for a congratulatory beer or three. The really good news was that none of them were showing ant signs of wanting to get their own back. At least this night. I am sure that eventually however vengeance will be wreaked. In the meantime, fuck it. Lets have another beer.


Chapter 12 Lucy's Story.

It all started so innocuously. We were in 'The Tropicana Bar and Disco' on a Wednesday night towards the end of the holiday and I was not even that drunk. Well you know, I had had a few Breezers and a few shots but I was nowhere near stumbling, just having a good time.

We had left the Villa about nine p m and taken the bus into town. I guess, with minor diversions and a few beers in another bar first, we arrived at about eleven. It was a quiet night there and we had been dancing, fairly decorously by our standards, as we had decided on a quiet night with the intention of pairing off later to go back to the villa. We were so laid back that evening, that, there it was, one o'clock in the morning and I was still dressed and even still had my knickers on. Quite regularly on the quieter nights the boys would try and liven things up by asking us to take our panties off. It worked too. Speaking for myself, just the humiliation of the possibility of showing off my pussy and bum as I danced was enough to start me creaming. I know that all six of us were loving the outrageous behaviour even if we did blame the boys for 'making us do it.' We had become a right set of exhibitionists and I can honestly say that there was almost nothing we would not have done.

We would all chat about it lying around the pool next day saying things like 'I don't know how you could have done that.' That was until it was pointed out that the rest of us had done similarly outrageous things. The boys were regularly putting us in the position of having our bums groped by strange men or exposing ourselves in public and there we were pretending to be upset but loving every minute. It had started the night in Pedro's when they started making us show our bodies to the other tables. We had enjoyed it ever since. The odd thing was that having seen all the boys get their kit off on stage at least once, in public, on a Full Monty night, we had no great desire to see them embarrass themselves again in public. I think we enjoyed it too much ourselves to give them the opportunity. They also enjoyed watching us. They knew that we were getting hot and bothered and going home for a screw with them.

In fairness to them they had always been there to protect us or get us out of the way if things looked like getting out of hand. We responded by never attempting to screw around with anyone else. Well, just a little flirting maybe to keep them on their toes. Anyway, there was a good choice of six, enough for any girl for a month or so.

This particular evening I had been dancing and disappeared off to the toilet. As I came out there was Chris leaving the Gents toilet. I told him I was going outside for a breath of fresh air and he followed me out with a beer in his hand. We stood chatting for about ten minutes until I thought it was time to go back in and join the others. As we turned to go in I spotted a local policeman strolling up the road. He was nice looking, I guess about thirty, and walked with a real swagger. I do have a thing about uniforms and I had joked earlier with the guys about wanting to be fucked by a policeman.

'Hey,' I said to Chris, 'Look there's my policeman. I am going to get a kiss.' I slid over to the gate to the road so that he had to walk right by me.

I looked directly into his eyes and like a right tart eased my tight skirt a couple more inches up my thighs and said 'Like what you see Senor? Would you like to kiss me?'

He smiled and moved close to me. 'I might just do that,' he said in good English. 'But not here.'

I don't know where I imagined that he was going to take me but he quickly slapped a handcuff onto my wrist and started hauling me away towards a police van.

Luckily Chris was still watching out for me and came running over before he could put me in the back of the van. He interposed his body between the policeman and myself and said 'Hey what are you doing? She has done nothing.'

'Go away,' he was told, 'or you will be in trouble too. What are you her pimp? She was soliciting in a public place. I am taking her away with the rest of the hookers.'

Chris held onto him and physically tried to stop him pulling me any further. This unfortunately made the policeman slap the other end of my handcuff onto Chris, before pushing both of us into the van.

'Assaulting a police officer' was all I heard as the door slammed.

There we were on the way to the Police Station without any of our friends knowing where we were going.

Chris did not seem to be too upset, and was able to make a joke about it. Maybe he had drunk more than I thought he had. 'Another fine mess you've got me into Stanley,' he laughed and suddenly we both started laughing out loud amused by the silliness of the situation. They would sort it all out at the station and would be released after a telling off. We would have to keep straight faces though, just in case they were taking it seriously.

They hauled us out of the van after a short drive and bundled us straight into a cell, where they left us for the best part of two hours. This had ceased to be funny but I fairly soon fell asleep on Chris's shoulder.

We were awoken by the cell door slamming, the original policeman entering with another older fat policeman with a moustache. He appeared to be the senior officer.

Speaking bad English he said 'So she was prostituting herself to you and he assaulted you is that right. Are they carrying drugs?'

We protested that we had no drugs nor had used them but to no avail.

'Stand over there with your hands against the wall.'

We did and were comprehensively frisked. It was hard to push my fantasy to the background as worried as I was. He managed to rub my breasts fairly thoroughly and put his hand between my legs under my skirt briefly.

'Lean over the table' I was told, so I did resting my arms upon the top.

'Hold the far end of the table, get lower.'

I did, to find my knickers being pulled down to the floor. I tried to stand to protest but had a strong hand firmly placed in the middle of my back.

My skirt was hoisted over my back and there I was open for everyone to see. I cried out and then felt fingers pushing something deep into my crack, and squeezed my head around to see what was happening. A bright flash of a camera exploded behind me and I was allowed to rise. I pulled my knickers up to see a polaroid colouring before me. It was me with a little plastic bag of what looked like drugs peeping through my nether lips.

'Oh shit ... no ... please that's not fair. You know I didn't have drugs on me.'

The officers just laughed as they turned and left us to worry about what was going to happen to us. I no longer felt like sleeping.

It must have been about six o'clock in the morning, perhaps near to the end of their shift when they came back. There were three of them now, the original good-looking guy, the fat guy and another younger looking one. The original one obviously spoke the best English and was to be our interrogator.

'Well young lady, what do you have to say. You are in serious trouble, I think. Prostitution, Drugs and aiding and abetting your friend here to assault a police officer.'

By now you can imagine I was shitting myself. 'Please no. That's not true. I was only chatting you up for a kiss and we did not really assault you and as for the drugs, well....' I did not know what to say. We all knew the truth. I began to suspect that maybe they were just trying to get a good arrest record.

'We might be able to make things look a little better with some, shall we say co-operation.' He had started to leer. My heart practically stopped as I looked from one to another.

'Weeell,' I said. 'Maybe.... What have you got in mind?'

'I think maybe if you took your clothes off, that might put us in a better mood,' he said.

There it was out in the open. I had no choice. After all what could they do that we hadn't been enjoying all holiday. I started crying, partly the worry and partly the enormity of what was about to happen to me. After all, they could play with my body and still charge me with possession of drugs. They had the photo.

I played on the tears a little as I shuffled to my feet and slowly inched off my shoes. I had very few clothes on anyway so this was not going to take long.

I pulled my strappy pink vest over my head, immediately exposing my bra-less tits, which, I have to admit were hardening with the extremes of emotion that were beginning to course through me. I wiped my eyes with the top and paused, waiting for the reaction.

'Take your hands away, let us see your big buxom titties,' he cried. His English was getting better by the minute.

There was going to be no sympathy from that direction.

'Quickly,' he pointed at my skirt. 'Unless you want to spend all day here.'

As I was told I snapped the hook and it dropped to the ground. All I had left was my little pink lacy panties and they were not hiding an awful lot. There was no point in being coy and turning around, they were not going to let me go without seeing me naked. I pushed them to the ground and listened as they all hissed through their teeth at seeing my little shaved muff. I am quite neat down there and all the boys had said it was as pretty as a picture. I stood and waited, hoping that they would let us leave now. The fat one mumbled something in Spanish.

'Turn around, spread those pretty little legs of yours and bend over.'

I did and suddenly felt my juices begin to run. I had been a little turned on, as well as worried, but now, bending with my arse in the air, showing the length of my slit and my ass-hole, the erotic nature of my position overcame the worries. I started to squirm. First one, then two, then I guess six hands started to run over my body, squeezing, pinching and probing at every orifice.

After a few minutes of this I was worried that I was going to come in front of them all. I was almost pleased when they stopped and pushed me onto the edge of the table. They lifted me up to seat me there in front of them.

All of a sudden the fat older one seemed to notice Chris quietly sitting in the corner. I had quite understood that there was nothing he could have done to help me, and anyway, I had got myself into the mess in the first place.

'You, stand up.' he said.

Chris slowly got to his feet trying to hide the lump ballooning the front of his trousers. The man laughed and pulled him to the centre of the room.

'Take off your clothes, all of them,' he said.

Chris looked horrified, but I was quite pleased. It looked like they were going to just watch us having sex. That was better than the three of them.

Chris stood their naked, his hands over his erect cock. He got a sharp jab in the ribs and realised that he had to pull his hands away.

The fat guy grabbed Chris's cock in his hand and started pumping it.

'No. No.' pleaded Chris, but he could do nothing without the risk of being hit again.

I actually lost some of my fear as I watched fascinated as the man squeezed and pumped the cock. It was bigger and harder than I ever remember seeing it.

The original policeman turned back towards me. 'Off. Bend over the table.'

I jumped down and stood where he pointed. He pushed me flat over the table and kicked my legs apart.

'Momento,' cried the younger lad, removing his trousers and underwear and jumping up to sit on the table, where my arms had been.

I was pushed down again and as he shuffled forward I knew I had to suck his dick. He was hard and it was a good size, long but not too thick.

Meantime both the other policemen had removed their trousers and boxers and I knew my time was coming. Chris may have amused them as a starter but I was the main course.

Chris meantime was manhandled to stand alongside me leaning over the table. He had a glazed look on his face. Fear had set in as he thought he knew what was coming.

As I sucked away on the cock in front of me I felt first fingers, then a bigger cock easing between my legs. By now I was creaming easily. There was no question of trying to lubricate me. I was streaming. And he knew it.

I heard Chris scream, and I knew what was happening to him. He had not had the benefit of lubrication and the little fat guy was pushing his dick up Chris's arse. Within seconds I heard him scream again, but this time it was mingled with cries as he shot his load all over the floor beneath the table.

The young man in front of me now moved himself away and shuffled across the table-top to Chris. None of the boys had really shown any signs of being bi, but, of all of them I remember Chris coming after we had all slapped his bottom. However, after a few slaps around the face from the younger man and a few across his buttocks from the older man, Chris accepted the inevitable cock in his mouth and got down to work on it.

In the meantime my policeman, still with his jacket on, was really turning me on. He lubricated a finger or two in my juices and pushed them slowly into my bum-hole. I felt that this was only the start and was not surprised when, moments later, he pulled out his cock and replaced it in my tighter hole.

I came like an express train, and a few moments later so did he, pulling out and spraying my back.

Chris in the meantime was facing life with both a mouthful and an arse full of cream. We both lay exhausted across the table top as the guys were dressing.

The fat guy left immediately, whistling a happy tune, and the original guy said, 'Manuel here will show you out. Do not think of complaining because I still have the photograph and I would hate to also charge you with escaping from jail as well as all the other offences. On the other hand, if you had a good time and want to come and see me again, then well, you know how to come up to me in the street now.' He laughed, 'Mondays are always good. It is usually quieter.'

We dressed quietly, trying not to catch each others eyes.

As Manuel opened a side door the sun was climbing into the sky.

'Listen,' he said, 'In case you are worried we are very clean. We have regular checks because this sort of fun goes on quite regularly, often with, shall we say, repeat offenders. Not so often boys though,' he added.

We walked out onto the street and found a Café opening for breakfast.

After ordering Chris asked me what we would tell the others. I could see he was worried, possibly that he had almost enjoyed the experience. I guess he needed time to think about it so I willingly agreed to change the story so that he had been in a separate cell.

He came clean, as it were, at the airport on the way home. He had had time to think about it and realised that he was not inclined to other guys. He had been worried by his physical reaction at the time but having completed the holiday as an out and out heterosexual, put it down to experience. He thought he would take up something macho like rugby or kick-boxing when he got home.

I of course revelled in telling the story, with a little exaggeration even, after all Chris could not comment. He had been in a separate cell!!.

I was not however stupid enough to try it again, neither on holiday, nor since. At least so far!

