First Time She Flashed Strangers
by mickthetrick

Describing my wifes first time flashing strangers.

When writing our story about my wife flashing five men in a pub, it reminded me of the first time she flashed strangers in a pub.

We went out in the car, as usual, intending my wife to flash me in various pubs as we drove around our area.

She wore small black panties, and a white vest top, under a blue cheesecloth wrap-over dress, a favourite of ours, due to the fact it could be opened small amounts to show specific body parts, or opened totally to show everything.

In the first pub, she sat while I played darts on my own. A very quiet beginning.

This progressed to her flashing her tits to me by lowering the vest, and opening her legs wide, the dress parting to allow a clear view of her pants. This, I think was her warming up.

She played with her tits for a while, I got hard, and stood near her, for her to squeeze my cock through my trousers. Pretty tame really.

We drove on to another pub and sat in a lounge bar with about eight to ten men sitting down drinking, behind where I sat, facing my wife.

A couple came in and sat next to my wife and started chatting with us. All very civilized.

Unknown to me, my wife decided to step her exposure up a bit, and whilst visiting the loo, took her arms out of the vest, allowing it to sit lower than previously under the dress.

Apparently, she intended the vest to only just cover her nipples when she returned to our table, showing a slightly cheeky view. What she didn't expect was that while walking back, the vest slipped down further inside. the vest and totally exposed her left breast.

I was talking to the couple and didn't notice her exposure until I turned back to her, when I got the shock of my life seeing her totally exposed left breast on show to everyone in the room.

She didn't know that her tit was in plain view, and kept talking to me and the other couple, her breast totally exposed to all.

I thought this was deliberate, and didn't know whether to do or say anything.

I noticed my wife smiling at someone behind me, I turned to see who, and saw about eight men all staring at her with large smiles.

My stomach froze; I was paralyzed. This had never happened before. No one bar me had seen her breast thus exposed.

She was still talking to the couple, who were trying to avert their eyes, I think. Really not knowing if this was intentional or not, I motioned to my wife to look down. She did, and quickly pulled her dress closed, a really awkward moment.

It dawned on me that she wasn't that brave after all. It wasn't an intended exposure.

We soon after said goodnight to the couple and left the pub, got in the car, and drove away.

We hadn't gone far when my wife said " That was the horniest feeling I've ever had."

It was by now raining, and my wife said " Stop the car, I want to walk in the rain."

What she did then surprised me. She left the car, and removed her dress and vest, and started walking beside the car just in her tiny thong. She has always loved walking in the rain.

As I watched her walk topless in the rain, it turned me on more and more. resulting in me saying, "Why don't you throw your thong into the car? "

This is what she did! She was walking beside the car, me driving extremely slowly, her being naked, and obviously turned on, touching her tits and pussy as she walked. I asked her, "What if someone comes along?"

She replied, "I don't care. Loads of people have already seen my tits."

I decided to step things up a bit and drove off quickly, to see what she would do.

I drove out of sight, went up a hill, turned around, and slowly drove back to her. She was still walking along, touching herself, soaked with the rain, come running down her legs, turned on to the N'th degree.

Basically "wanking in the rain".

I asked her back into the car before she froze to death.

We went swiftly home, where she got out of the car, still naked, walked straight upstairs, calling behind her, " Come on, you've got to fuck me now."

That is what happened, us talking over the evening, both agreeing we'd loved what took place, the beginning of a whole new lifestyle.
