The Academy
by storyguy

The Academy – 10

“Ah… sorry…” Nick mumbled. He was still naked but his perpetually hard dick was now limp and hanging in shame.

“That’s OK,” Beth said, trying to act as mature as she could. “Didn’t you worry about getting her pregnant though?”

“That’s what those patches all the girls have are for,” Nick countered softly.

“Yeah, but even so,” Beth feebly excused. “They’re not 100%!” Actually she hadn’t really realized they were birth control patches. “Anyway, I told you, I don’t mind if you go out with other girls. It’s not like we’re married or anything!”

Nick, wisely, didn’t say any more. The evening, and the next few weeks passed awkwardly. Beth, when she changed, tried to face away from Nick. Even in the shower, when they both had to be naked, she had her back to him most of the time. She stopped shaving her pussy also as she didn’t want to draw any more attention from him than was absolutely necessary. For a few days the itch drove her insane, but that too passed.

The only thing that didn’t pass was the vision of Nick’s cock going into Sharon. Beth didn’t like thinking about Sharon. She tried to remember the cock going in and where it was going into, and forget who it was going into. It wasn’t an easy task.

Beth was surprised not to see Sharon in their classes anymore. It wasn’t until about two weeks later that they saw her in the dining hall again. Purposely Beth sat on the opposite side of the hall. A guilty look came over Nick’s face when he saw her. He sat facing away from where she was.

Beth had very mixed emotions when Sharon approached him with a boy in tow. “Hi guys!” she greeted like she was a long, lost friend. “I haven’t seen you around. Are you guys getting it on yet?”

“No!” Beth snapped.

“She’s still mad at me,” Nick laughed nervously.

“That true?” Sharon asked Beth, who ignored the question. “You’re crazy! You know he really likes you. The only thing he talked about all day, the day I spent with you guys, was you.”

“Well, it looked like you guys got along together OK,” Beth grumbled, wishing Sharon would leave.

“Look… I needed a guy and he was handy. I was the one that pushed him. He even said ‘No’ at first. He was pretty good though, but not as good as Carl here,” Sharon smiled as she pointed to the boy next to her.

“Where have you been? I haven’t seen you in class,” Nick finally spoke.

“I switched some classes when I was assigned a new partner. We hit it off right from the start and I wanted to be in all his classes,” Sharon explained. “Well, we’re going to get going. I think we have time before our next class for… well, you know. See you later…”

Sharon and her new love left them. For a while neither said anything. “Did you really tell her ‘No’?” Nick nodded. “Why didn’t you tell me that?”

“Would you have cared?” Nick questioned.

“No,” Beth lied. She was thrilled at the news but didn’t want him to know that. The conversation ended on that note. For the rest of the afternoon, though, Beth seemed a little different.

It was their early day and classes were over about two hours before meal time. The two went to their room. In her anger, Beth hadn’t masturbated much lately and this new news about Nick had eliminated the distraction she had been carrying. Unfortunately it also made her quite randy. She wanted something.

Nick sat down at his desk and to start studying. Beth, on the other hand, began to undress. Somehow it had completely left her mind that it was still afternoon. Once her top and pants were off, she removed her bra and shoved her panties down. “Why you getting undressed?” Nick asked.

Suddenly Beth realized what she was doing. “Um… I was going to take a shower.” Her face turned red. She never walked nude to the shower and he knew that. “My back is sore. Would you rub it?” She asked, hoping it would distract him from her actions.

“Yeah, sure,” he replied as he stood. Beth climbed on her bed and lay on her stomach, still completely nude. She wanted Nick to notice her body all of a sudden. The last few weeks of trying to hide from him were now a distant memory. He knelt next to her bed and began to rub her back gently.

“No, rub it hard, like a deep massage. Climb on the bed so you can push down,” she suggested. As he stood, she parted her legs, hoping he would get between them. He seemed to know what she wanted and ended up kneeling between her outstretched legs. He leaned forward and once again began to rub her back; only this time with much more force.

The massage felt good, but it wasn’t exactly what she wanted. He was rubbing her upper back. “Lower…” she muttered. He moved to her mid back. “No… lower” she repeated. This time he moved to the small of her back. She was trying to think of a way to get his hands lower when he drew his hands down her back to her ass. He pushed into her and ran his hands back up again. “Yeah, there,” she muttered, hoping he would take the hint.

Nick continued to rub the small of her back, much to Beth’s disappointment. She liked it when his touch had gone to her ass but had no idea how to tell him that. She had almost resigned herself to the fact it had only been a fluke “accident” when his hands once again ran down to her ass cheeks. “Mmmm… that feels good,” she hinted again.

His hands didn’t return to her ass for the next few strokes though. She was starting to get frustrated with herself for not being able to tell him what she wanted. His hands went to her ass again. “Finally!” she thought to herself. He not only pushed up but also out, separating her ass cheeks and exposing her rosebud. “Sorry,” he muttered.

“It’s OK,” she countered. She wanted to congratulate him for finally doing what she wanted him to do but there were no words to express that sentiment.  Her words did seem to make him realize that was what she wanted though. He repeated his motions. She smiled, knowing he was now looking at her. She was facing away from him though so he didn’t see the smile. His next stroke was to her back again, as if he was testing her. She wanted to grab his hands and place them on her ass again. She wanted him to touch her. He did return to her ass for a few more rubs though.

Beth giggled as Nick’s hands went to the back of her thighs. It was something she didn’t expect but she was glad he did it. She made no move to discourage him. He repeated his actions a few more times, not really rubbing hard but still running his hands across her ass, down her thighs a ways, and then back up to her ass again. The next time he applied more pressure. Beth felt her thighs being pulled apart by his force. She knew he had a clear view of her pussy this time. She could almost feel her pussy lips parting, letting him see right into her. It was making her wet.

A flush came over her. He continued to rub her but her back was being completely ignored. Instead he was concentrating on her ass and thighs. His pushing had succeeded in moving her legs further apart too. For the first time in her life, she was being completely exposed by a boy and enjoying it. As he pushed up on her ass, she was rolling her hips so her pussy tilted up giving him a better view of her. This was exciting!

It then dawned on her there was a flaw in her plan. Nick was still dressed! Beth mentally slapped herself. How could she have been so dumb? Here she was, turned on more than she had been in ages and he was still fully clothed. Beth slumped down on the bed disappointed in herself. She had visions of his cock going into her, but it couldn’t because it was still buried beneath layers of clothing.

“That’s good. I think I’ll get dressed now… Thanks, I feel a lot better now,” she finally said, not knowing what else she could do. The only option she could see was just telling him he could take her and she was much too shy to do that. Her body was screaming for release but it would have to wait.

Nicked climbed off her. For a moment she didn’t move. She still wasn’t sure if she wanted to end this yet. The other bonus was it was exciting having Nick look between her legs. At that moment she wanted to be naked for him; to have him lust over her; to have his cock stand at attention honoring her body. She knew she couldn’t stay like that forever though. Now just wasn’t the time.

Beth stood up and faced Nick. The obvious bulge in his pants made it apparent he had an erection. While it wasn’t unusual for him to be hard, she imagined this one was because of her. He was smiling at the sight of her nude body and she returned his smile. Still wanting to be as exposed as possible, she turned and took what was probably her tiniest thong from her drawer and put it on. She wished she had a matching bra but she didn’t so she pulled out again what she thought was her skimpiest bra and put that on also.

Now the decision of what else to wear… She picked up her top, slipped it on, and then looked at the pants she had worn. A grin formed on her face. She felt daring. Beth walked to her closet and took out her one very short mini. She’d never worn a thong under any skirt but this was special. No one would probably even know she was wearing a thong anyway, but Nick would. She stepped into the skirt.

“Nothing shows does it?” she asked, knowing it wouldn’t but wanting to emphasize her apparel. Nick shook his head and his grin got larger. “How about when I bend over?” she questioned as she turned around and bent at the waist – low enough so she knew he’d see her ass.

“It’s fine,” he commented.

Beth knew she had exposed her ass to him when she bent over but was pleased he liked her outfit, even though he had lied and said it was fine. It didn’t really make much of a difference anyway. By now, probably half the dorm had seen her naked at one time or another. What was the big deal if they saw a little ass under her skirt?

After picking out a pair of shoes, Beth sat on her bed. Intentionally she lifted each foot to the bed to put them on. She knew Nick would be able to see her panty covered pussy as her skirt slid up to her waist. She smiled to herself when Nick reached down in an attempt to adjust the raging hardon in his pants. She was causing it.

“Let’s go eat,” she suggested, now dressed.

They arrived at the dining hall early and the doors were still shut. A short line had already formed and the partners lined up with the rest. Beth’s mind had wandered some. She was thinking about Nick rubbing her. She came back to reality when a hand touched the back of her thigh. Her first instinct was to push the hand away but she knew Nick was behind her. Instead of following her instincts, she waited to see what he would do.

His hand remained motionless for a moment. When she didn’t react, it began to move. Beth smiled as Nick’s hand went what she thought had to be under the hem of her skirt. Ever so slowly his hand crept up the back her thigh. She glanced around quickly and was relieved when it appeared as though no one was watching them.

Beth was getting wetter by the moment as Nick’s hand traced the crease formed by her ass cheek and thigh. She nervously looked around again checking where the others were looking. His hand slipped up a little more and now cupped her ass cheek. She loved the feeling of his touch but suddenly it scared her also. There were others all around them. She forced herself to remain still for a moment longer, allowing his hand to linger a little on her bare ass cheek.

Fright finally won over arousal and she turned toward him. As she did, his hand fell away from her. She leaned into him. “Later…” she whispered softly into his ear.


The Academy – 11

Their usual casual evening meal was definitely not usual that evening. After almost pushing Beth through the line, Nick sat down at the first empty table he came too. Immediately he began eating like he hadn’t had a meal in days. It was obvious to Beth he was eating very quickly but it didn’t enter her mind why. “Why are you rushing?” she naively asked.

“Um… ah… I’m just really hungry,” Nick stammered, not knowing how to express his true feelings. “Why are you eating so slow?” he countered.

“I didn’t think I was,” she replied. Nick, realizing how foolish he must look shoveling the food into his mouth as quickly as he could, tried to slow down. It wasn’t an easy task for a boy his age under the influence of raging hormones. He managed to slow his pace down enough that he wasn’t as obvious as he had been but still finished long before Beth did.

“Do you want to get some desert? I saw some chocolate cake there,” Beth suggested, knowing it was Nick’s favorite.

“Nah, I don’t feel like it tonight. Let’s go back to the room. I’ve got a lot of studying to do,” he lied, hoping Beth would also forgo the desert table also.

“OK…” Beth agreed, somewhat puzzled by his reaction. He never passed up chocolate cake!

As they left the dining hall, Nick grabbed Beth’s hand. It took her a little by surprised as he hadn’t done that before. It also embarrassed her somewhat, but she didn’t resist. It was actually kind of nice to have his attention again.

Nick tried to contain his urgency but still stayed about a half step ahead of Beth the whole way back to her room. Had someone seen them they probably would have thought he was dragging her along. After what seemed to Nick to be an hours long hike back to their room, he finally had her alone. No sooner had the door closed than he grabbed her and kissed her passionately.

Beth returned his kiss. It was actually the first time the two had really kissed. “I thought you had a lot of studying to do?” she teased when their lips finally parted.

“I do,” he smiled as he kissed her again. Once again the two were locked in an embrace.

Beth became a little nervous when Nick’s hands went under her skirt again and came to rest on her bare ass cheeks. She did like him though and his touch excited her so she decided to let him be. He had seen her many times anyway and had touched her like that before so it wasn’t anything new. She had also practically invited his attention by wearing her mini and a thong so it was to be expected also.

Their kiss ended but Beth kept her arms wrapped around Nick’s neck. “Are you going to start studying?” she giggled, knowing what his answer would be.

“I am. I’m studying you!” he grinned before sealing her mouth again with his lips.

Beth’s guard was quickly dropping. Her arousal was beginning to fog her normally alert mind. Nick’s hands were roaming across her ass cheeks. She hadn’t noticed his thumbs at the waistband of her panties until he sent them to her ankles with one quick movement. The suddenness made her jump. “I can’t believe you did that!” she snapped mockingly.

“You’ll really be shocked at this then,” he grinned as his hand went to the zipper of her skirt. With an expertise she had no idea he had, he quickly unhooked the catch and dropped the zipper with one hand.

“What are you doing?” she gasped in mock terror. As she spoke, her skirt fell to the floor, forming a frame around the panties still wrapped around her ankles. “I think, for safety sake, I should step out of these. I know you don’t want me to trip,” she grinned. She kept one hand on his shoulder for balance and stepped out of the discarded garments, kicking her shoes off at the same time.

As she straightened, Nick’s hands went to the buttons of her top. “Are you trying to strip me?” Beth questioned in a “little girl” voice.

“Yup!” Nick chuckled as he pushed the top off her shoulders. Beth offered no resistance and let it drop from her arms to the floor. “Turn around, little girl,” Nick ordered, picking up on Beth’s little game.

“You're not going to hurt me are you?” she played.

“I might if you don’t do as you’re told,” Nick answered, continuing the role play.

Beth slowly turned around. Nick, as she expected, unhooked her bra. Continuing her little game, Beth allowed the bra straps to slip down her arms but held the garment to her chest. “I’m not going to let you do that!” she mocked.

“Oh yeah?” Nick scowled in his role. He gave her a gentle but firm shove. Beth reached out with her hands to break her fall. As she did, her bra slid down her arms and away from her chest, finally exposing her breasts.

Nick jumped on her bed with her. “I think you deserve a spanking, little girl,” he mocked as hit hand lightly tapped her ass and then began to rub her.

“I’ve got a better idea…” Beth answered in a throaty voice. She rolled over on her back and parted her legs.

Nick’s hand immediately went for her already moist pussy. Beth sucked her breath in as Nick’s finger ran up her slit and nudged her little knob. Beth’s mind was clouding over with the effects of lust. Her legs parted, giving Nick more room to explore her secrets. The little tingle deep within her was already growing.

Beth reached up and pulled Nick to her, kissing him passionately. As the minutes ticked away, her passion grew. She grabbed his shirt and just tugged; pulling the buttons apart violently. His skin was now touching hers. Her nipples stiffened and jutted into his chest. She never imagined the feeling of skin touching skin could be so arousing.

Beth didn’t realize Nick had undone his pants. He kicked his legs, escaping from the garment. His movements drew Beth’s attention and she suddenly felt the skin if his legs on hers. He pulled his hand from her sopping pussy, rolled, and ended up between her outstretched legs. His arms wrapped around her neck and he kissed her passionately.

For the first time in her life, Beth felt a cock between her legs. As they continued kissing, Nick’s hips began to move. Beth could feel his hard prick rubbing along her waiting cunt. The only thing separating them was the thin cotton of Nick’s underwear. Her mind was spinning.

They were kissing passionately and hands seemed to be all over her body. Suddenly Beth felt her pussy lips part and Nick’s cock slide along her slit. She didn’t realize he had pushed his underwear down. Instead of rough cotton rubbing against her, there was smooth skin. It made her a little uneasy but the sensations were just too much for her. It felt like nothing she had ever experienced before. His cock felt. Not being able to control herself, Beth pushed against it, increasing the pressure. Her pussy lips opened more, letting Nick’s tool massage her throbbing clit.

Beth jumped as Nick’s rod seemed to catch the edge of her opening. It has gone into her just a fraction of an inch but was enough to cause the inexperienced girl to panic. The whole thing had happen so quickly Beth wasn’t sure if Nick even realized he had entered her before she had jumped back. Her mind was at full alert now and screaming “No!” as her body screamed “Yes!” back.

The battle was short lived. Beth rolled Nick off of her when her mind won out. A look of rejection came over his face although his cock was still hard as a rock. A feeling of guild went through Beth. The last thing she wanted to do was to hurt him but she just couldn’t let him fuck her. She wasn’t ready for that yet.

“I want to try something,” she said softly to him. He remained still next to her like she hadn’t even spoken to him. Her hand snaked down his body and found his cock. She already had gained a little experience and began stroking him slowly, hoping he would respond. He continued to ignore her though.

Guilt rose in Beth. She was sorry she had stopped him now but it was too late. “Don’t laugh if I do it wrong,” she muttered.

“Huh?” Nick uttered, finally acknowledging she was there.

Beth didn’t answer. She slowly bent toward his still stiff cock. Her hand was still gripping his monster. She looked at it for a moment, still trying to gain courage. Her stomach fluttered as she opened her mouth slightly and took the head of his cock. She could taste his cum.

She let the cock slide out, feeling its texture with her lips. Beth was very nervous and scared to death, but she wanted to do this for him. His cockhead now glistened with her spit. Once again she brought her mouth down to the cock taking in a little more. Her tongue swirled around, examining to new object in her mouth. Gaining more courage, she let a little more of his length into her mouth.

Nick groaned his approval. Again she backed off. Nick jumped slightly, pulling his cock from her mouth as he did. “Careful,” he cautioned. “Your teeth hurt.”

“Sorry,” Beth blushed. She hadn’t even thought about that. Her face turned red with humiliation. Beth was determined to finish what she had started. She lowered her head again and curled her lips over her teeth. His cock slipped into her mouth.

Beth began to bob her head up and down, letting Nick’s cock slide smoothly between her now protected teeth. At first she only let the head enter but as her confidence grew, she began taking more in. On one of her deeper plunges, his cock hit the back of her mouth. The result was an immediate gag. Not wanting Nick to realize what had happened, she tried to continue at the same pace but was now more cautious. She had already made one mistake he had noticed and she dreaded making a second one.

Nick’s hips began to move, making it more difficult to control how deep he was going in.. His groans and moans filled the silence that had once occupied the room. Beth knew he was enjoying her efforts even though it was becoming an effort for her.

Nick’s breath sucked in and, at the same time, he climaxed, giving Beth no warning. Her mouth suddenly filled with cum. Beth sat up quickly; chocking as she did, and spitting his cum out. Although she had wanted him to cum, she hadn’t expected it in her mouth and was a little repulsed.

Her reaction startled Nick. It had been his first blow job too and he hadn’t thought. In his ignorance he had assumed she would have expected it. “Sorry!” he blurted as he jumped out of the bed. He noticed a towel draped over a chair and grabbed it.

Nick turned to see Beth still sitting on her bed. There was still a little cum around her mouth but most had landed on her bed. He rushed back to her and, as gently and quickly as he could, wiped the cum from her mouth. He then attempted to blot up her bed. “I’m sorry,” he repeated again. “I didn’t know…”

“That’s OK,” Beth mumbled.

“I got your bed all messy too,” Nick continued to apologize.

“It’s OK… don’t worry about it,” Beth answered. What had begun as a very sexually charge evening had just ended in a way she hadn’t expected. Beth was embarrassed by her reaction to his orgasm and wanted to be alone. That was impossible though – Nick lived in the room also.

Nick turned away from her to dispose of the soiled towel. Beth climbed off the bed, pulled the blanket back, and crawled into bed; not even bothering to put anything on. “Are you OK?” Nick questioned.

“Yeah, I’m just tired,” she lied.

“You’re not mad or anything, are you?” Nick nervously asked.

“I’m fine… just tired, that’s all. Let’s go to bed now and get up early tomorrow to study, OK?” Beth suggested. She already had her back to him, hoping he wouldn’t question her any more. He rustled around for a while and then Beth heard his drawer open. It was then she realized she would have to get up nude in the morning as she hadn’t bothered to put anything on. She had just wanted to cover up.

Beth wasn’t sure how long she lay there thinking about what had happened. It seemed like forever, but she did eventually fall asleep.
 

The Academy – 12

The sun was just rising when Beth woke up. She lazily rolled over to see Nick already dressed and studying. He heard her stir and looked over at her. “Hi!” he greeted. “Sleep good?”

“Yeah,” she answered in a groggy voice, still trying to sweep the cobwebs from her brain. As her mind cleared, the memory of the previous night returned and a feeling of uneasiness came over her. She also remembered she had gone to bed naked. When she climbed from her bed, Nick would see her. Although by this time it was commonplace, somehow this morning seemed different.

Beth knew she had no choice. Staying in bed all day long wasn’t an option and the urgency to go to the bathroom only made things worse. She looked up at Nick again and saw he was still watching her even though they were no longer conversing. Beth wanted to ask him to look away but knew she’d look quite foolish doing that. Having no other choice, she jumped from the bed and grabbed her robe; throwing it over her so she would be exposed to Nick as little as possible.

“I gotta go to the bathroom,” she muttered as she headed to the door.

“I’ll go with you,” Nick offered.

“That’s OK… you can keep studying. I’ll be right back,” she countered, hoping he’d take the hint.

“I’ve gotta go anyway,” he answered as he stood.

Once again she was trapped. How could she tell him “No”? Beth headed to the bathroom with Nick following. Normally they walked side by side but she just couldn’t. Once in the bathroom it seemed like only seconds that it took Nick to step up to the urinal, do his thing, and then turn to face her again.

Beth stared at the floor as she let her robe fall open and sat on the toilet. She assumed Nick was watching her but knew she couldn’t do anything about it. Beth finished as quickly as she could and the pair headed back to the room.

“Last night was nice,” Nick said as he closed the door.

“Yeah,” Beth muttered. She went to her drawer and picked out her fullest panties; slipping them on under her robe. It would have been nice had she been able to do the same with her bra, but that just wasn’t possible. She dropped the robe and put the bra on. Nick would see her panty covered ass but she couldn’t hide from him any more than that. In record time she finished dressing.

“Did you like it?” Nick asked after the long silence.

Beth sat at her desk before answering. “Yeah… What page is the math assignment on?” Nick answered and Beth opened the book. With any luck he wouldn’t ask any more questions. Her math book was open but she didn’t even know what page it was opened to. She really didn’t care; as long as Nick thought she was studying and didn’t talk to her. Fortunately Nick sat down at his desk and resumed studying.

The entire day seemed to go the same as the morning had. Whenever Nick spoke, Beth would answer him in the briefest way possible. Aside from that, she seemed to be ignoring him. During the evening meal, when they usually talked almost constantly, Beth hardly spoke a word. When they went in for their shower that evening, Beth spent most of the time with her back toward Nick. Even when another set of partners joined them in the shower, Beth chose to face them instead of Nick – something she had never done before.

Since it was late, Nick and Beth didn’t bother to dress after their shower. Both had brought robes with them and just donned those to walk back to their room in. “What’s wrong?” Nick finally asked.

“Nothing,” Beth answered.

“Something’s bothering you; I can tell. You’ve hardly spoken to me all day and you almost seem to be trying to avoid me. You even faced that other couple in the shower,” Nick continued.

“So? Everybody sees everybody in the shower. It’s not like you can hide or anything. What am I supposed to do?” Beth excused.

Nick walked over to her and put his arms around her. “Look, I know you better than that… Please tell me what’s bothering you?”

Beth felt his ever present erection, her erection, press against her belly. She liked the feeling but still felt awkward with him. She started to back away from him but he continued to hold her. She didn’t fight him but remained nuzzled against him.

“I don’t know… I just feel weird…” she finally muttered.

“Why?” Nick asked.

“I don’t know,” Beth lied. The right words weren’t there. She couldn’t really tell him, “Look, I just gave you my first blow job last night. I know I didn’t do it very well. You came in my mouth though. It wasn’t bad but I didn’t expect it. It made me feel stupid!”

Nick didn’t say any more; instead he just continued to hold her. His hands began to slowly rub her back. Beth had intended to avoid his touches but they proved to be comforting to her. His erection, sandwiched between them, was also, in a sense, flattering to her. He was hard because she was there. Slowly her defenses were crumbling. Beth felt Nick’s hands rub a little lower with each caress. With no warning, his hands slipped down to her ass. She didn’t want him to do that but her body betrayed her. She didn’t stop him.

Beth’s arousal was growing. Nick was now focusing only on her ass. His increasing pressure was pushing her against his stiff cock. She was content to remain like that but he gently backed away from her a little and his hands left her ass. She was a little disappointed until he lifted her head and kissed her. The previous night didn’t matter anymore.

Nick’s hand moved between them and went to her breast. Immediately Beth felt her nipple harden. She hated when they did that. She didn’t want Nick to know she was becoming aroused and now her nipple was broadcasting the fact. She wanted to slap his hand away but she liked the feeling of it where it was. Slowly her mind gave way to her body’s desires.

Within minutes Beth felt the tie of her robe being pulled. It fell open and Nick’s hand went to her bare tit. Her mouth mashed into his as her hips ground against his still robe clad cock. Nick’s hand left her breast momentarily but quickly returned. Beth eased her hips away from him almost knowing his robe would fall open also. As soon as she felt his robe fall away from her legs she pushed forward again. His hot prick pressed against her skin.

Beth felt her body being eased back. She lost her balance and fell onto the bed, still hanging on to Nick. Beth ended up on her back, with her robe edges at her sides, now completely exposed. Her breath sucked in as Nick’s hand left her tit and went between her legs. Her body responded before her mind could think and her legs opened, giving him access to her treasure.

Her stomach quivered as a finger entered her. A throaty moan came from her mouth. She hadn’t planned on doing anything but was powerless to fight her body and its desires. His finger bumping her clit made Beth jump. She both hated and loved the feeling.

The two continued to kiss as Nick’s hand slowly rode around Beth’s pussy. She wanted him to stop but was afraid he would. Nick’s lips left hers and went to her neck. She had never been kissed there and his kisses sent chills running up and down her spine. Gradually his kisses got lower. Beth knew where he was headed. She shivered when he finally kisses her breast.

Her nipple stiffened as his tongue traced around it. Beth sucked in her breath as Nick sucked her now hard nipple into his mouth. She never realized how sensitive her nipples really were or how erotic it made her feel to have Nick sucking on them.

All too soon he left her nipples and began to lazily trace his way across her belly with his tongue. She could feel the slight chill on her skin as he left a wet trail. Before she could even think his tongue was getting dangerously close to her slit. She had heard of girls getting licked there but had always thought it was somewhat nasty. Beth wasn’t sure if it was just her aroused state or curiosity but she made no attempt to stop him.

Nick’s sudden stirring startled her. “Open your legs,” he said softly. As the request entered her brain, her legs parted as if they were now thinking on their own. Nick moved over and knelt between her outstretched legs. Beth couldn’t suppress the blush that came over her face as Nick bent forward. Being naked with him was now commonplace but for him to have his eyes only a few inches from her most private spot was something else entirely.

Beth’s embarrassment was short lived however. Her breath hissed between her clenched teeth as his tongue slid up her slit. It was a sensation the likes of which were different from anything she had ever felt before. The intensity was almost more than she could stand. As he repeated his lick, he applied more pressure. Beth could feel her pussy lips parting. Instinctively her legs opened more.

She gasped as his tongue rolled up to her tiny love button. Beth’s stomach muscles tightened as Nick’s tongue toyed with her clit. Her hips jutted forward uncontrollably. She moaned as his soft wet tongue explored her pussy; her juices combining with his making her almost drip.

Nick put his hands behind her knees and pushed up and out. Beth’s legs parted, giving him better access to his goal. Her pussy almost gaped. Never had she been so completely exposed but she didn’t care – as long as he continued. The uneasiness she had felt the past few days was now only a distant memory.

Beth pushed against Nick’s tongue, mashing her pussy into his face. “Oooo…” she cried as his tongue snaked into her channel. Without even thinking, her legs parted as wide as she could make them. Any previous thoughts of modesty had been shoved away by the intensity of the sensations being sent out from between her legs. It was getting hard for her to breathe and she could only manage short gasps of air.

Her orgasm was threatening and Beth longed for its release. She felt as though someone had stuffed her into a furnace. Droplets of sweat were forming on her skin. “Ahh… Nooo… Yesss…” she cried as her climax hit. Her hips jerked uncontrollably, shaking the whole bed. Unlike any other orgasm she had ever had, this one wasn’t fading after it hit. It was growing – gaining in strength.

Beth, with what little strength she had left, pushed Nick away from her throbbing crotch. Had she let him continue she surely would have passed out. Finally her seemingly never ending orgasm began to subside. She was able to take in air in more deep breaths. Slowly her body was settling.

Her eyes fluttered and then opened. Nick was still kneeling between her outstretched legs. Normally that would have bothered her but she didn’t have the strength to move. Beth was use to having orgasms but none had ever been like this one and it would take time to recover. The entire school could have been starring between her legs right now and it wouldn’t have mattered to her.

“Like it?” Nick asked.

Beth didn’t feel like talking yet. Instead she just smiled at him.
 

