Karen & Natalie show-off for a Boys School
by Karen (sexykaren@hotmail.com) 

I live in a medium sized community close to New York City. My backyard borders on the grounds of a private boy's boarding school. 

In the summer time, there are always lots of boys close by; this could be because I sunbathe in my backyard and most times my swimsuits are brief, to say the least. I have noticed that when I'm out in the yard, there are groups of boys stretched out on towels on the grass, close to the fence. Oh, did I mention that my fence is chainlink? 

I hadn't given it much thought until one hot summer afternoon I was lying in the sun, sweating - it was really hot, and I was wearing a really skimpy white swimsuit. What I didn't realize was that the suit had become somewhat transparent as my perspiration soaked into it. I was alerted to this when I awoke to hear whispering. I cracked my eyes open under the sunglasses to see about six boys peering through the fence at me. I moved slowly and looked down at my breasts and what little I could see of the suit made me realize that these boys were getting a good show. 

I'm 25 years old, blonde, about 5'10". My legs are dynamite and my body is hard and lean because I seriously work out to keep it that way. I have always been a bit of an exhibitionist, but never thought of these schoolboys as an audience. However, having now realized the potential, I intended to play this game for all it was worth - but slowly. 

I wanted them to see enough to keep them coming back, but not too much to give it all away. I sleepily stretched out (my legs were still pretty much together) and my right hand fell to my breast. I started to absently stroke the nipple which was starting to harden real fast. Just then, the phone rang. I jumped up, and they immediately looked away. I ran to get the phone, but I could see that I had caught their attention. 

Now I usually close the drapes tight after dark, but when the sun went down, I left them open in the back. I was hoping these boys may be back after dark. I had put on my favourite little black dress, with black stockings, heels and my skimpiest black underwear. I kept checking from an unlit window and for a while, I thought they had better things to do, until about 10 o-clock, I saw some movement. I put my favourite music on and began to dance alone in front of the window, without being too obvious. I reached behind and unzipped the dress, allowing it to fall off of me. I stepped out of it, wearing only black underwear and stockings. I couldn't see or hear anything outside, so I hoped they were still there. After dancing for a while longer, I reached back and unsnapped my bra. When it finally fell to the floor, my pussy was wet and my nipples were hard. I didn't want to blow it all the first night, so I danced a little longer, then stopped the music, put on a robe and went upstairs. 

One of the things I didn't like was not getting any feedback from them, so I remembered that my uncle had put up a security system for me some time back. I had never used it, but perhaps now was the time. It consisted of a miniature TV camera connected through an alarm system to a small black & white monitor. I moved the angle of the camera to catch any activity in front of my window, disconnected the alarm and moved the monitor to just beside the window, where I could see it but anyone outside could not, and I hoped they would want to get up close. 

I did the same thing the next night, but with the aid of the camera, I could now see my audience - there were the same six and they had climbed the fence and were right up against the window. This time I caressed my breasts and pinched the nipples, before calling a halt. 

Each night I went a little further and by Friday night I was ready to give them a real show. I wore the thigh-high stockings and 3" heels again with a short black leather skirt and matching top. The top and skirt were gone in no time. The bra came off shortly after followed by the briefs. This is as far as it had gone, but tonight it was to go much further. 

I had moved my armchair to the middle of the room, still in good sight of the window, with lots of good strong lighting. I eased back into it and spread my legs, one over each arm. Then I licked a finger and ran it over my pussy lips - I was so wet! I put one finger in, then two, then three and slowly pulsed them in and out. The boys were all over each other to get as close to the glass as they could. Then I reached back and picked up a big black vibrating dildo, switched it on and thrust it in and out like a big cock fucking me. The orgasm wasn't long coming - I screamed as it hit and just fell back still convulsing. 

When I recovered, I didn't want it to end so soon; I wanted to give them more, so I ran to the bathroom and came back with a few things. I used scissors to clip away the hair on my pubic mound, then squeezed foam all over, rubbing it in well. I then began shaving away all the remaining hair, taking special care to keep opening my pussy to inspect that I had got all of it. It felt wonderful, sitting there with my legs spread wide apart, my hairless pussy open. I reached down and stretched it even further open, putting in two fingers from each hand and pulling it wide open - my dripping pussy open for them all to see. 

I could see them in the monitor. They all had their cocks out and were jerking off as they watched me. I had to end it there or I would have run out and fucked them all, and I didn't want to do that, not yet. I tried to relax and slipped my robe on, shut off the lights and went to bed dreaming of being fucked by hard young cocks. 

The finale was going to be Saturday night and for this I needed the help of my friend Natalie. We help each other share the excitement of these little games. We have played with bondage before, but not usually in my house. Now I love the feeling of being helpless, being unable to prevent whatever may happen to me - it really gets me off, so we set up the scene for that night. Natalie tied me naked, except for the stockings and heels, with each of my arms above and to the side of my head, to supports on the chair. My ankles were held far apart by a pole and the pole was secured to the same supports as my arms, so that my ass was below my ankles. This was finished off by a blindfold (which was not real efficient, so I could see through it, but they wouldn't know that). The window was wide open and I could feel the breeze on my skin as I lay and waited. Natalie was hidden so that she could prevent any serious harm if it came to that. 

I didn't have to wait long. I heard the whispers of the boys. They were staring in the window at the view, then I heard one say "What if there's someone else here". They waited a little longer and then became more brave, climbing through the window. They circled me and one of them reached down and touched my breast. I played along and said "Oh, so you've come back Natalie - just wait till I get out of this and you're in for it". 

They each took a turn playing with my breasts, tweaking the nipples, pinching them and then taking each breast into their hands and squeezing; it felt wonderful and my pussy was dripping. Then one of them reached down and touched my pussy. They pulled it open and stuck their fingers in, each trying to push more fingers in than the last. 

Then one boy managed to get all his fingers in and pushed until his fist went in. I started bucking on it and he just pushed it in and out, each time deeper until I felt like he was in up to his elbow. My dildo collection was in a bag behind the chair and one of them found it. They pulled every one out and tried to decide which one to use, but finally decided on a big ribbed one with a french-tickler built into the top and which plugs into a wall socket. The one with his fist in me withdrew it with an audible "plop" and they replaced it with the dildo, ramming it all the way in until it had almost completely disappeared, then switched on. The vibrations were so deep in me that I started cumming almost immediately. I was thrashing around so much that when the black dildo was thrust up my ass, it took me completely by surprise and I came again. 

I was already losing it and so when something was thrust in my mouth, I just sucked it. It was a small but very hard cock and two sucks and it was showering my mouth and face with cum. Nobody was trying to do things one at a time anymore. As soon as one cock had spurted, it was replaced by another; my tits were being mauled and one had grabbed another vibrator and was working on my clit with it. My face and my tits were covered in cum and I still had dildos up my ass and deep in my pussy. 

I felt something cool dribbling over me and I realized it was chocolate sauce - one of them had gone looking in the kitchen. They were smearing chocolate sauce all over my naked body, but they had found more than just chocolate sauce. I had bought some zucchini for a dish I was going to prepare and some of them were prizewinners. 

Suddenly the dildo was unceremoniously pulled from my pussy and this cold zucchini was being shoved against my pussy lips. Now this thing was enormous. Its width was bigger than a baseball bat, but I was so wet and so horny and loose by this time that it started to go in. They pushed and pushed until it went in all the way to my cervix. I thought that it was going to come out of my mouth. It didn't so much hurt as just feel uncomfortable, but as they were pushing it in and out, it started to feel good and soon I was cumming again. 

I became aware that the chair was being pushed over backwards and so I was essentially upside down. The zucchini was removed with a huge pop and I was aware of something hot running over my pussy and into it. I opened my eyes to see two of them pissing over my pussy. It was so loose from the zucchini that it was wide open and they just pissed into it until it was full. One of them came from the kitchen with a bottle of beer and shook it hard with his thumb over the end, then stuck it hard into my pussy as the bubbles all foamed out - it actually felt good - I must remember that one for myself, and I was cumming again. Finally, I felt something thick going into my pussy again, as all the piss and beer cascaded down my stomach and chest. 

Someone had picked up the candle from the mantle over the fire - it was about 3" diameter. It went all the way in and then they lit it. I must have looked really something, laid on my back with my ass and pussy in the air and with a big thick lighted candle sticking out of my pussy. It felt OK until the hot wax dripped down onto my clit, then I came again. 

I guess Natalie thought it was time to call a halt, although I was doing OK. She slipped out to her car, parked down the street and drove into the driveway with headlights on and the boys scattered. She blew out the candle, untied me and took me to the bathroom, where she showered me, cleaned me up and licked me to another two orgasms. 

What a great night that was. 