
Debra's CMNF Story


Written by Debra   

Coach Eddie asked me to share my vivid imagination with the group. So here goes my first attempt.

I, Vanessa Reyes, was a senior in college and was set to graduate with honors. As part of getting ready for graduation I wanted to have some photos taken by a professional photographer. My background was that of an immigrant from Mexico and my parents couldn't be more proud of me. I wanted my mom and dad to have some pictures of me in my graduation gown to add to my parents "shrine" that they have for each child, pictures from birth to present. I was an introvert who had dreams of being more bold, but I kept to myself which aligned nicely with my conservative and traditional upbringing. I had what would be called a medium complexion with striking jet black hair that extended to just above my waist when pulled back. My eyes were a deep brown and I had a beautiful smile that I flashed far too seldom. I stood 5', 5" and weighed 110. My figure was petite at 34B 25 35. Guys were attracted to me, but I was more interested in minds rather than bodies and liked to hang out with my professors even though I knew it wouldn't lead anywhere.

On a Saturday afternoon I went to a photography studio near campus called simply Danny Hill Photography. I had an appointment and waited in the small lobby alone. Nobody at the reception desk. A few minutes later an older gentleman..tall and thin...in his 60s walked out and introduced himself as Danny Hill. He was dressed in leather dress shoes, black socks, black slacks and a black turtleneck. He had a white cigarette dangling from his right hand. I introduced myself and he flipped some pages and said "Oh yes, Vanessa Reyes...you wanted some graduation photos?" I nodded my head in agreement.

He escorted me to a nice private dressing area where upon me closing the door I put on my cap and gown. I walked into the studio and he smiled and said how elegant I look. We took some photos inside then he suggested we go outside for a bit. The back patio was amazing...a stone waterfall...lush gardens...nice big boulders to sit on..or just lean against. I posed out there for a few hours. Time just flew by! He was telling me what a natural I was and how I looked great. It was intoxicating!  At the end he asked for my permission to use some of my photos for advertising for his studio..."No compensation," he said smiling. I nodded and said, "I'm flattered" and "You have my permission." He said, "All done," and we went inside.

In his studio at the reception desk he filled in my receipt and then gave me the total. I paid by credit card...and it took a bit of time as he didn't know how to work the machine so I helped him run it through. As I was getting ready to leave my heart was pounding and I knew why. You see I have had fantasies about posing nude for an older man for a few years now. To sum it up briefly I saw a lifetime movie called I POSED FOR PLAYBOY and it starred Lynda Carter. I remember when PLAYBOY came to campus and had tryouts. I thought about going...but I'm too shy and also I think PLAYBOY isn't all that classy anyway. I still had the dream of posing nude...but more like intellectual nudes...maybe outdoors au natural. I have never told anyone my desires. Looking at Danny finish my paperwork I got an idea. Should I ask him? How would I even bring it up? What if he laughed in my face? I could see that nobody else was in the office and it looked like I was the last appointment. So I got ready to leave.

I was walking to the door and I stopped and turned around. "Danny?" I asked boldly. He replied with a simple "Yes?" "Am I the last appointment?" He nodded. "Can I ask you something?" I said...barely believing I was going to utter anything intelligible. "Sure," he responded. "Mr. Hill," I said in a serious voice...."I was wondering if...well if you...umm...well how can I say this?" He just sort of looked me in the eye and somehow it reassured me. "The truth is...and I can't believe I am asking this....umm do you do nudes?" His eyes got wide. "I have, Vanessa, but it's been a long time. Why do you ask? I mean you don't seem the type." I respond, "It's not like PLAYBOY Mr. Hill...I was thinking something really elegant and classy." "Oh what do you have in mind Vanessa?" I respond with telling him that I think undressing before the camera or partial nudity is about titillation and I am not looking for that. "What I envision is something natural like a girl outdoors in private enjoying nature in her birthday suit. So I was thinking like to undress in that room...walk into the garden area nude and just have some shots taken. No poses. Just natural. Maybe kneeling down and holding a flower...leaning against a tree...or dipping my toes in the waterfall?" He smiled. "Sounds nice Vanessa. I would be honored to do that for you." I smiled and said I think that would be delightful. "Why don't you get ready and I will get ready outside? Come on out when you feel comfortable."

I stand in the dressing room door closed wondering what I have gotten myself into? I begin to remove my clothing...taking off my gown and my heels. My toes are painted a dark red that matches my fingernails. I remove my dress. Bra and Panties still on...nothing else. I have a flat tummy with a cute "innie" bellybutton. I take off my bra. My breasts are firm and very perky. Light brown areola about quarter sized in diameter. My nipples were erect as I have to admit I was excited by the day's events. I slide my panties off and reveal a narrow "landing strip" of black pubic hair. Totally nude I look at myself in the mirror. Not PLAYBOY material..but not bad I say to myself. I announce "READY?" The reply is "READY!"

I walk through the studio...my feet pitter patter on the wooden floor. I walk past the open Arcadia door and onto the patio. "Hello," I say aloud. Thinking to my myself..."Really creative line, Vanessa." Mr. Hill responds with, "You look enchanting my dear." I nearly melt from his reply. He continues to use eloquent language to compliment me and it makes me relax all the more. I begin to walk carelessly about the grounds. Sitting on a boulder now and again...leaning against them too. Totally naked and free I feel like a bird! I kneel in front of the flower bed and put a yellow rose to my nostrils inhaling the scent. Danny tells me that I am a natural and that he has never enjoyed a shoot more than this one. I am feeling trust with him and get up and wrap my arms around his neck and give him a kiss on the cheek.

The end.
