My violent but silent sobbing began to ease. I had been crying to myself in my small tent, wrapped tightly in my sleeping bag. I had been silent because I didn't want to disturb any others on the campsite near Dunkerque in Northern France.
Why was I crying? Because my long-planned holiday had turned sour at the end of the first day.
I thought it would be wonderful. I had taken delivery of my first brand-new car. I had a boyfriend of several weeks who had seemed perfect. I wanted to show him the parts of France that I loved. We had allocated two weeks of our holidays for a camping holiday, the only way we could afford to go, to tour the French coast from the Dunkerque campsite, the cheapest close to Calais, down to Normandy and back.
Early this morning everything had seemed great. We left on time for the long drive to Dover. The sun had shone as we navigated around London on the M25 motorway. The feared Dartford Crossing had been simple with no delays. We had even had time for a couple of hours walking around Dover Castle before booking in for the ferry crossing to Calais.
What had gone wrong? We pitched the tent, or rather I pitched the tent because Bob had never been camping before. He had helped in a clumsy sort of way that I had thought endearing. Surely by the end of the fortnight he would have learned how to pitch the tent, or at least how to help effectively?
We had had dinner on the ferry so I hadn't had to cook. That was deliberate because I had felt as tired as I had expected to be. I had worked late on Friday to leave no loose ends at work. I had driven several hundred miles to the ferry and negotiated the change to driving on the right without causing any French drivers to curse me. It would have helped if Bob had passed his driving test.
Actually, to be fair to Bob, it wouldn't. Even if he had passed his test last week I couldn't have afforded to add him as a named driver on my car insurance. As a new driver he would have been very expensive. As it was he had failed -- again. He hadn't admitted it but he had failed dismally because he had exceeded the thirty mile an hour speed limit while on the test. That had been the third time he had failed because of speeding. He was just too impatient.
Impatient Bob. Bob's impatience had caused my tears. I had expected to make love to Bob and to enjoy it during our holiday but not on the first night when I was so tired. We had argued about it and the argument had grown into an exchange of insults. I had been pushed too far and had even criticised his driving test failure. He stormed out of the tent, not a very dramatic exit because he had to crawl to the tent's door, unfasten it when he didn't know how, and grab his sports bag and exit backwards. He had said he was going to find a taxi and take the first ferry back to England.
I had thought he would soon reconsider. He couldn't speak a word of French. Surely he would be back? After an hour I accepted that Bob had really gone and crawled into my sleeping bag to cry. What would I do now? What sort of holiday could I have on my own? I seemed to have been crying for hours when I started to hear this male French voice trying to soothe me. It took some time before I began to understand the words of comfort and the feeling of a friendly presence.
I had asked who he was. His answer, "Je suis un fantassin," included the word 'fantassin' that I couldn't translate.
"What is your name?" I asked in my head, in French, wondering if I was slightly deranged.
"Raoul, Raoul Dupont," was the answer.
"Where are you, Raoul?"
"I'm dead. I'm a phantom fantassin," His answer seemed to have a wryly humorous tone.
"How can I hear you? Why can I hear you?"
"Perhaps because you are alone, sad and vulnerable. I don't know why you can hear me when no one else ever has. What is your name?"
"I'm Celia," I replied.
"Hello, Celia. Welcome to France."
"Thank you, Raoul. I don't feel welcome. I feel unhappy, alone, rejected and..."
"You're not alone. I'm here. Be calm and relax. I'll try to make you less sad. What would do that? Your friend Bob returning, contrite and apologetic?"
"No! I have had enough of Bob. Tonight was the last straw. I know that he is impatient but I thought he was considerate. He's not. He's gone and he can stay away. But now I'm in a foreign country, alone..."
"You've got me, Celia."
"But you are a ghost. What can you do for me?"
"This, perhaps..."
I had to stifle a scream as an invisible hand stroked my hair gently.
"Sorry, Celia. I didn't mean to startle you. I didn't think you would actually feel my touch."
"I did. Please warn me next time or I might wake the whole campsite by screaming."
"OK. We'll just talk for a while, if that's better. No one can hear us. You're the only one who can hear me. Your responses are in your head, not spoken aloud."
"But why can I hear you, Raoul?" I repeated.
"I don't know, Celia."
"If this isn't just a dream, I'd like to know more about you before you touch me again."
Should I have said that? It sounded as if I wanted Raoul to touch me.
"Where shall I start? Perhaps why I'm here, near Dunkerque? I died in 1940 defending the perimeter as the British Army and many of the French Army were picked up from the beaches. Someone had to hold off the Boches, and I was one of those. I didn't care. I think I wanted to die."
"Why? Why did you want to die?"
"I'd had a row with my girlfriend Martine just before my unit left for Belgium. Now I know that it was the sort of row that could have been forgotten if we had time but there was no time. France was in real trouble."
"What was she like?"
"Not like you. You're fair-haired even blonde, tall, slim..."
"I know what I look like..."
"Martine was dark haired, small. Her head would rest against my heart. She was rounded, not fat, but curvy if you know what I mean. If she had married me I think she might have become like a Rubens woman because she was such a good cook and liked to eat. But she never had the chance. She too died for France."
"She did?"
"Yes. After I'd been killed and France had been occupied she joined the Resistance. She was killed just after D-Day while returning from taking a message from her group to another. The Germans were very jumpy then. A bridge sentry didn't challenge her as he should have done. He just opened fire and killed her."
"And Martine's not with you?"
"Sadly, no. After I had died she had met and married another. I assume that she's with him."
"But why are you here? As a ghost? Shouldn't you have moved on?"
"Yes. I should have. But perhaps it is because I was angry and annoyed with myself."
"Why, Raoul?"
"I didn't need to die. I could have joined the others heading for the beaches. I was injured, shot in the leg with a bullet that had lost most of its force. But because of my argument with Martine I didn't think I had anything to live for. My injury looked worse than it was. I volunteered to stay behind, to cover my colleagues' retreat. They left me with a machine gun, our last belt for it, and they went."
"What happened?"
"I let the Boches get close and opened fire. I killed a dozen or so before one of them threw a grenade. I died instantly. But the Boches hadn't finished with me. They had called up some Stukas before the soldier with the grenade killed me. The Stukas' bombs buried my body deep but I was pleased that those bombs killed more Germans than I had. I suppose my hatred kept and keeps me here."
"Why are you still hating all these years later?"
"My grandfather died in the Franco-Prussian War. My father died when I was small, because of the wounds he got in the Battle for Verdun in the First World War. I wanted to keep the Germans out of France but I failed, and France failed. My hatred was increased by knowing that Martine had died too."
"Raoul, I can't understand how you knew about Martine?"
"I suppose it was because we had been so close. I knew when and how she died. Even before then I knew what she was doing, that she had married and was happy, as happy as she could be with Germans everywhere."
"Why can I hear you, and feel you when no one else has?"
"I suppose it is because you are so unhappy and alone, Celia. I have tried to contact people before, particularly when this campsite was set up above where I am buried. But everyone seemed so busy, so preoccupied with their activities, that I couldn't get through -- until you."
"Surely there must have been unhappy people before me?"
"Of course. But most people have been on this campsite as couples or families. They are unhappy together, or arguing with each other. There have been very few people on their own, and I think you are the first woman ever to camp here alone, even if that isn't what you planned."
"It isn't!"
"But losing Bob is not a real disaster, is it? You know he wasn't right for you."
"I know. Now. But..."
Raoul's hand brushed my hair lightly. This time I didn't jump. The stroking continued, a comforting caress.
"I think you need to sleep, Celia. You are tired. Tomorrow the world will seem better."
"Will you stay, Raoul?"
"If you want me to, Celia."
"I do. I was feeling abandoned, alone in a foreign country and miserable. Talking to you, even if you are a ghost, has made me feel slightly better."
"Why not rest on my shoulder, Celia?"
"Is that possible?"
"If you can feel my hand on your hair, I don't see why not. Let's try."
I snuggled up against an invisible shoulder with invisible arms wrapped around me. I felt protected, cradled and perhaps even loved. I went to sleep within minutes.
The next morning the morning sunlight was lighting up the tent. I woke up with my head still on an invisible shoulder, with strong arms gently holding me.
"Raoul?" I asked tentatively.
"Yes, Celia?"
"You're still here?"
"Why shouldn't I be?"
"But it's daylight."
"Yes, it is. But you couldn't see me last night when it was dark. You can't see me now. We ghosts are around all the time. A few people can see us faintly, in the darkness. Very, very few can see us in daylight, but we're still here."
Raoul's arms squeezed me lightly. I snuggled up against a broad chest I could feel.
"What do I do now?" I asked. "There seems little point in continuing to tour down to Normandy on my own. I might get unwelcome attention on some campsites if I turned up alone."
"You might, here," Raoul interrupted. "The site's rules are that it is for families or couples."
"Oh. I can't claim I'm with you, can I?"
Raoul laughed. It was the first time I had heard him laugh.
"I don't think a ghost from 1940 would count..."
"I suppose not."
I turned around and felt for his mouth. When our lips met the kiss was very satisfactory, much better than any of Bob's amateurish efforts.
"I wonder, Raoul. What else can you do?"
I unbuttoned my pyjama jacket and pulled it open.
"What about these?" I said.
"Your tits?" Raoul said, in French of course.
"Yes."
An invisible hand touched my left breast. I jumped slightly before relaxing as Raoul's hand stroked gently.
"That's nice, Raoul," I said, "But I want to see what you can do with your lips..."
Raoul's mouth fastened on my right breast. I sighed and groaned as he sucked, nibbled and licked.
I pushed my pyjama trousers down and I became warm between my legs.
"Raoul?" I said, feeling for his hand and pulling it down between my legs.
He stopped sucking.
"Are you sure, Celia?"
"Yes. Why not? You're a ghost. You couldn't make ne pregnant even if I wasn't on the pill..."
Raoul didn't understand about the pill. I had difficulty explaining because his hand was caressing and his fingers were penetrating. My explanation was disjointed as I started to become very excited and aware of Raoul's every touch.
"Celia? I've never... With Martine, she wouldn't let me go below her waist."
"You're a virgin fantassin, Raoul?"
"Yes, Celia."
"Well, Raoul, I don't know whether a virgin ghost can, but I want you to."
I reached out, fumbled around, and found an invisible but very erect penis. My hand eased around it. I pulled it gently between my spread legs. Raoul was groaning as I fed it inside me. But for a virgin he soon got the idea. He was pushing himself inside me, and while supporting much of his weight on his arms, he was thumping against my body. Soon, too soon, he was spent and collapsed across me. My hands stroked his back as he mumbled words of appreciation. I held on to him as I heard a gentle snoring.
+++
A couple of hours later, Raoul was still asleep and still inside me He was satisfactorily erect so I started gently squeezing. That woke him up.
"Celia!" He protested before I reached out and covered an invisible mouth. I didn't have to leave it there for long as he got the idea of what I needed.
Afterwards my head was resting on an invisible shoulder as one of his hands stroked my hair.
"What am I going to do, Raoul?" I asked. "I don't want to leave this campsite and you. My ferry ticket isn't valid until ten days from now, but this campsite doesn't allow single people and I can't claim to be with you."
"I have an idea," Raoul said. "There are two people running this campsite, father and son. The son, Jean-Paul, is a couple of years older than you. Jean- Paul is unhappy, nearly so unhappy that I thought I might be able to contact him. Why? His girlfriend went to England as an au pair six months ago. She is really enjoying herself and she might not come back. Jean-Paul is expecting a 'Dear Jean' letter soon because he thinks his girlfriend will never return."
"And?"
"If you were to go to Jean-Paul when his father isn't around, tell him that Bob has left you alone and unhappy, and if you were to cry all over him, accept a hug and press your tits against him...
"How would Jean-Paul react?"
"He wouldn't be a Frenchman if he didn't fall for the damsel in distress ploy. At worst he will persuade his father to let you stay. At best? You could have a real Frenchman making love to you instead of a phantom fantassin. Jean-Paul is handsome, courteous and except for his girlfriend being in England, he would have a choice of local women chasing him. But he might see an Englishwoman who is here for a few days as a way to take his mind off his missing girlfriend, He and you could be happy together, If not, as long as he lets you stay, you could have me. Or perhaps you could have both of us... That would be great."
+++
After I had made breakfast, I waited until Raoul told me Jean-Paul's father had left the site. I went to the reception where Jean-Paul was alone. I would have had to go anyway because I had only booked in for one night with Bob.
Raoul's advice worked spectacularly. Jean-Paul made me a cup of tea, Soon I was crying against his shoulder. That didn't last long. When Jean-Paul's father returned I was sitting on Jean-Paul's lap after an extended kissing session. After Jean-Paul explained about my distress at Bob's departure I had a hug and kiss from Dad. They agreed to let me stay until I had to catch the ferry and Jean-Paul 'would look after me'.
Jean-Paul looked after me very well. Each afternoon, when the reception was shut, I was in his caravan being well fucked. Every night I was in the phantom fantassin Raoul's arms being fucked again.
When I finally left to return to England both men, the real and the ghost, were unwilling to let me go. I had to promise to return soon.
I will. Being well fucked in the day and well fucked all night is irresistible...