Story Codes: inc MF MFF panties cum anal

   NOTE THE FIRST STORY CODE.  This story series revolves around consensual
sex between adult members of the same family.  If that bothers you, you
should stop reading now.
   Language notes: Occasionally I use Korean words here where I feel it
captures the feelings better.  Here are the translations for words used in
this story.  Oppa: Older brother Jal ga!: Bye!  Pyeontae: Pervert

Minjun was hard at work on his homework. If the last three weeks were any indication, he wouldn't have any time to get his work done for the next three days. He was horny as hell, it had taken all his self-discipline not to "pre-treat" the panties he wanted her to wear tomorrow, but he had managed to distract himself with Chemistry thus far. Soon, though, he would be rifling through his favorite drawer for something racy and lacy to wrap around his cock if she wasn't home.

The beeps of the door code brought him up from his textbook with a smile that turned quizzical once the door open. Jieun entered the doorway sheepishly and Minjun was confused to see her wearing a big, baggy pair of black pants. He knew she'd worn her cream colored pleated skirt to school today, he'd seen it at lunch. "Jieun? What happened to your skirt."

She blushed. "Well... So I had my language exchange with Victoria." He nodded. "And the skirt got... wet, so I had to leave it there."

"What happened? Did you spill something on it? I hope it didn't stain, you look super sexy in that skirt."

"No... Not exactly." Minjun came into the kitchen, sensing something was wrong.

"What's wrong, are you OK?" He put his hand on her shoulder.

"Yeah, I just... Victoria kind of... Well, she sort of... came on to me." She set her bag and a USB on the table.

"Came on to you? Is she a lesbian?" The thought of Jieun and Victoria in some lesbian 69 like the ones he saw in the gangbang porn he watched before he found out his sister was a total slut simultaneously intrigued and concerned him. 

"I don't think so. She didn't just want to have sex with me. She wanted us to have sex with a lot of guys."

"A gangbang? Did you do it?!" Minjun couldn't decide if he'd be angry or aroused if she had.

"No! But we did have sex." She held up the USB. "I think she filmed it."

Minjun stared at the USB. "Why?"

"She wants me to show it to my boyfriend and use it to convince him to have a threesome!" Jieun looked at the hunger on Minjun's face and slapped him, "We can't have a threesome, you idiot! She knows both of us!"

Minjun frowned. Damn, what were they going to do. "Well, we can figure it out later." He embraced her, stroking her forehead. "That doesn't explain the pants though. Where is your skirt?"

Jieun blushed again. "I don't know what happened. She had me so horny, I must have... I think I might have peed." Minjun smiled.

"You squirted. Not every girl can do that, that's pretty hot." His hand wandered down to her breasts. "I've got the sexiest sister in the world."

"You think that's hot?" She questioned.

He nodded toward the USB. "I'd cum so hard watching you squirt. Almost as hard as I'd cum if I made you squirt."

"You want to watch it?!" Jieun was surprised.

"Well, you're pretty sexy and..." He hesitated.

"So is Victoria." Jieun finished, punching him in the shoulder.

"We don't have to if you don't want to." He backpedaled.

"It's... it's ok, I sort of what to see it too." She hooked his arm and led him into his room. Once they got there, he quickly slipped his pants and underwear off. "What are you doing?"

"Well, I was just... getting ready." He grinned sheepishly.

"Ah, pyeontae."  She slapped his ass playfully, then slipped out of the borrowed pants.

"I'm sorry, which one of us starred in their own porno?" She slapped him again, then pulled her shirt over her head and unclasped her bra while he brought a chair in from the kitchen. She plugged the USB into his computer and the both froze as the folder opened.

There were two files. One file was called "Victoria+Jieun" and the other "Jieun+Minjun". They were both video files. The siblings looked at each other. "How did..." They both sputtered together.

"Well, we have to see what it is." Minjun said worriedly. Jieun hovered over the icon momentarily before opening the file. Victoria sprang to life on the screen, seated in her small dorm room.

"Well, if you're seeing this, you two have been very naughty indeed." She was replaced with a picture of used condoms in both of their rooms. "There aren't a lot of people who share condoms with their brother. Is it awkward asking your brother to borrow a condom when you and your boyfriend want to fuck? Or is it fine because he's actually the one your fucking and your 'boyfriend' is a work of fiction." Their faces were white. "Think that's just circumstantial? You really should consider a password on your computer, Minjun. Anyone can just install whatever they want on it." Victoria was replaced again with a video of Jieun on top of Minjun, bouncing up and down lustfully on his cock. Victoria returned, holding her cell phone up. "Call me." And the video ended.

"Fuck!" Minjun swore at the computer. "How did she get into my computer!?".

"She must have done it while she was studying here." Jieun said, looking down. She rose and walked into the kitchen to get her phone.

"What are you doing?" Minjun cried.

"She said call her. Clearly she doesn't plan to rat us out, she wants something. Maybe we can just give her what she wants and she'll keep it a secret." He looked skeptical. "Look, have you got a better idea?" He looked defiant for a moment, then shook his head. "Exactly."

Moments later, Victoria's cheerful voice came over the phone. "Hey dearie, did Minjun enjoy the video?"

"How did you know?" Jieun asked into the phone.

"That's probably the least important question you could ask right now. But I don't really feel like having this conversation over the phone. I'll meet you first thing tomorrow morning." She replied with a frightening calm.

"But we had..." Jieun started and Victoria cut her off.

"Oh, did you have plans to spend the long weekend having an incestuous fuck fest?" Jieun blushed. "Tomorrow morning, 9AM." And the phone hung up.

Jieun looked at her brother. "We're so screwed." 

----

Jieun and Minjun sat at the kitchen table staring at the clock. It read 8:54, and they were willing it to stop. The melodic tone of their doorbell broke their malaise. Jieun rose and opened the door to Victoria's smiling face. "Good morning, you two. Sleep well?" She stepped in and closed the door behind her. "Get your freak on last night?"

The two turned red as Victoria sat down, setting her backpack on the table and opening it up. "No? I would have thought Minjun would fuck you senseless after your performance on screen last night. I watched it after you left and, I have to say, you are one sexy bitch." She pulled the cream skirt she had worn that night out of her bag. "I didn't wash them because they wouldn't be dry yet. Besides, I thought you might appreciate a souvenir." She handed the skirt back to Jieun, who blushed even deeper at both the compliment and the large discoloration across the back of the skirt where her massive orgasm last night had soaked into the skirt. "I hear you like these, Minjun." She tossed the still damp panties at his face and he blushed, aroused more than he wanted to admit by the sex he could smell in her panties. He wondered idly how she'd managed to keep them this damp overnight as he jerked them down from his face.

"OK, what do you want?" Jieun demanded, setting the skirt aside.

Victoria smiled. "All business, I see. Well, before we get to that, I'll point out that the clues to what you two are up to are all over the place if someone wants to look for it." She gestured in to the laundry hanging in Jieun's room. "Any time a girl washes her panties with a guy's clothes, it's a sure bet that she doesn't mind him seeing her in them." She pointed back at Jieun, "Also, you are going to have to either get a new fetish or longer skirts, because if anyone gets a glimpse, it's pretty obvious that someone has had a bit of fun with them before you wore them. After 4 or 5 upskirts, it was pretty clear to me the only person who was with you often enough to put that many loads in your panties shared your last name."

"You've been looking up her skirt?" Minjun challenged.

"You're also not very subtle, Mr. Panty Man. Four weeks ago, you went to the bathroom after every class. Then suddenly, you stopped. Seems unlikely you've developed a bigger bladder, but that's not the only thing that horny 19 year olds do in the bathroom now, is it." Minjun back down.

"Anyway, I recommend just wearing those little black shorts under your skirts. At the beginning of the term when you were trying to get laid, a little panty flash was good. But now, you're not on the market and there's no sense in giving up something you two so obviously enjoy." She pushed through the hesitation on their faces. "You were expecting me to try to stop you, weren't you." She pulled her tablet computer out and set it on the table.

"Well, most people would..." Minjun stopped mid-sentence as Victoria entered her password and a picture filled the screen. Victoria knelt in the middle of the scene, a creamy layer of cum stuck to her ebony skin and hung from her hair. Around her stood 9 black men of various ages, all naked. They were all stroking their cocks, except the oldest two. Victoria held their two cocks firmly in her hands. Across the bottom were printed the words "Family portrait, Christmas 2316".

"It would be a bit hypocritical of me." Victoria said slyly. "I told you last night, Jieun. We're a lot more open about sexuality in Brazil. I love Korea, but I do miss my family." She winked at the siblings.

They sat stunned as Victoria swiped the picture to the left to show Victoria in the same place, but now sitting on a curvy black woman's face. Then she swiped again and two white jets of cum were shooting out from the two cocks in her hands. Finally, Jieun managed to break the silence, "Is that your... whole family?!" incredulity filled her voice.

"Well, my cousin Maria and her mom were fucking Captain Roberts and his family. He's the pilot who flies us to Rio whenever I leave for school." She swiped through several more photos of her orgy before stopping one one where an ebony girl lay atop an older white woman on a bed in a 69 as two white men stood at each end, cocks buried deep into the girls' asses. "But I got to eat the cum out of their asses, so it's all good."

"But... how?" Minjun couldn't think how to finish the question, his mind still reeled from the sudden revelation and the onslaught of sexual images.

"How? Well, I would have thought you two of all people would know how that works. We all get naked, I play with one of their dicks until he gets hard. Then," she stood and lifted her skirt to reveal the pink thong covering her pussy, "he stuffs his hard cock in my cunt or my ass and fucks me until he fills me up with cum." She sat back down. "At which point, my next brother steps up to the plate and we start all over again. It's not exactly rocket science.".

The siblings blushed even deeper. "Of course, you mean 'How did I get my whole family to fuck me?' don't you." She smiled. "It's a bit of a family secret, but let's just say that Brazil is far more accepting of family fuckery in large part due to my grandparents. Which makes living here in Korea much harder. If I'd picked a university in Brazil, even though my brothers were hours away, I could find a family to take me in as their surrogate daughter or sister. Sucking a guy's cum out of his sister's cunt isn't quite as good as getting your own brother to creampie you, but it's better than plain old, boring sex.". 

A realization dawned across Jieun's face. "You're not serious." The words tumbled out of her.

"Oh yeah. I love cleaning up for Captain Roberts after he shoots a great big load into his daughter's cunt." She turned to wink at Minjun. "I bet you two would be just as good."

Minjun snapped to attention. "What?" He had been trailing behind Jieun, but now he grasped the implications of what she was saying. "But... we don't do that, she could get pregnant!". 

Jieun slapped him, "That's not the only reason. You want us to fuck you? We're quite happy just fucking each other, thank you very much." She glared back at Victoria.

Victoria met her glare with a smile. "Oh yes, I know. So happy you left a 3 foot wide wet spot on my bed last night." Jieun tried to answer, but Victoria talked over her. "Not only that, you two will get caught again very soon if you keep going this way. Hyolim, that friend who took you shopping for all the lacy thongs and panties you two have been enjoying so much, she's wondering why she suddenly lost her wing-woman. Now, she's quite the slut herself and she's having no trouble getting laid. But she was hoping to have someone who'd do more than just peel off the most obnoxious guys into a separate room. What she wants is more intimate support." She gestured to the screen where her aunt and cousin were frozen mid-fuck. "Like my aunt and cousin here." Jieun and Minjun both gasped. "Oh, don't act surprised, you both knew she was a slut. I bet she insisted on seeing you in some of those panties, didn't she." Jieun blushed. "Don't be shy, she's not the only one to see that fine ass of yours, Minjun and I both adore it. Anyway, she's already asking questions. Someone with as much experience on her back as Hyolim has long since worked out you've found a steady bed buddy. The only reason she hasn't put you two together is because she's never thought of incest before, but that's just a matter of time. What do you think she'll do when she realizes that Minjun is the one that smile on your face every morning?"

"Oh fuck." Minjun looked panicked. "If she figured it out, she might tell mom and dad. We'd be dead!"

"She's not going to figure it out. You don't know her, Victoria."

"Oh, yes I do. What, did you think you were the first girl Hyolim had decided to pair off with? She and I had quite a few nights out last semester, before you came. That's how I know she's never even thought of fucking her dad or brother. I spent the better part of almost every weekend in Love Motels with her." The two looked at her amazed. "That's also how I know she's wondering what happened to you. She told me last weekend." She left unsaid the circumstances of the conversation, but Minjun could imagine it involved a good deal of jizz and nudity.

"And fucking you is going to throw Hyolim off our scent." Jieun said incredulously.

"No, fucking Hyolim is going to throw Hyolim off your scent. You're going to go out with her, pick up a couple of guys, and fuck them silly together." Victoria spoke sternly.

"But..." Minjun trailed off.

"No buts. If Hyolim doesn't get a threesome or foursome with your sister soon, she's going to figure out what you two are up to. If she figures it out right now, there's no telling what will happen. She might be cool with it so long as she can join in, she might freak out and call your folks. Given a few months we could probably pull her over to the 'join in' side of things, she is quite the whore and there are 2 cocks in her family, but right now it's a coin toss."

"But that means fucking some random guy." Jieun said a bit shyly.

"Hey, yeah! That's not cool! I don't want her fucking other guys!" Both girls motioned for Minjun to quiet down as he raised his voice.

"Don't worry, Mr. Jealousy, I'm sure she'll be thinking about your manly cock the whole time." Victoria chided. "Besides, you'll be getting your own piece of ass that night."

This time it was Jieun's turn to raise her voice, though she sounded much more whiny as she did. "What!? I don't want him fucking some slut in a bar.".

"He isn't going to fuck some slut in a bar, he's going to fuck me in a bar." She pointed at herself. "And he's going to do it AT the bar too, with as many witnesses as we can manage. That way, when Hyolim does realizes that there's no magical force that keeps a brother from sticking is dick inside his sister, you have proof that you're both getting your kink on with other people. That will delay her putting two and two together even longer. Long enough that when she does finally do it, the worst she'll do is distance herself from you two because you're too freaky even for her. Best case and you might find yourselves helping her get into her brothers' pants.".

Minjun and Jieun looked defeated and both muttered their assent.

"So what were you two incestuous perverts planning this weekend anyway? You two are caught with your pants down, literally, and it's clear that all you can think about is getting off to whatever naughtiness you've set aside for this weekend." Victoria waited expectantly. When neither one answered, she gestured back to her tablet. "Look, you know I'm not going to judge. I mean, just before I came here I spent an hour and a half on Skype having video phone sex with my mom and my two youngest brothers." Victoria smiled, remembering the stream.

"We were going to go to a love motel." Minjun offered cautiously.

"Wow." Victoria deadpanned. "So raunchy. That's so much dirtier than the bukkake train I pulled at Christmas."

"We were going to see how many times he could cum on my panties. I was going to wear the same ones all weekend." They both turned deep red and Jieun looked down.

"Oh, now that's something right there." Victoria's approving tone brought their heads up. "I think I'll quite enjoy participating in that." She cut them both off with her finger. "Non-negotiable, unless you two just want to take your chances with being caught later. I said it was my grandparents that changed the rules in Brazil. My family learned a lot during their lives about how to keep secrets like this. I'll help you make sure that nobody finds out about your little secret who isn't at least cool with letting it happen. In exchange, you will both fuck me. Together and seperately."

Victoria looked the siblings over. Jieun seemed resigned to the idea, though not happily. Minjun, on the other hand, still had his face dead set against the idea. Time to let the sister work her magic, Victoria thought. "Tell you what, all this talk of incest has me as wet as voyeur in a gloryhole." She reached inside her backpack and pulled out her black dildo as long as Jieun's forearm and a bottle of clear lube. "I'm just going to go to the bathroom for a bit while you guys talk it over. You don't have to knock when you come in," She said waving the giant dick under Jieun's nose, "But I wouldn't wear anything you don't want to get... dirty." She smiled naughtily as she stood up and removed her skirt in a single motion.

Both siblings stared at the hot pink thong contrasting against her dark skin before the motion of her pulling her shirt over her head brought their attention up to her ample breasts, now bouncing free from their fabric confinement. "What? I can't wear cum covered clothes in public. Just cum covered underwear." She folded them slowly, feeling their eyes roaming over her body, then slipped past them to the bathroom. "Don't take too long." And with that the door shut.

Minjun picked up the computer and began swiping through the pictures and the occasional video. Some of them were innocent photos of sunrises or mountains, there were even a few portraits that would have looked perfectly normal had the people posed in them not been stark naked. But the vast majority showed two or more people, people he now knew to be part of Victoria's family, fucking each other senseless. Victoria almost always had 3 or more cocks surrounding her. In contrast, it seemed that every time he saw the older woman that he assumed was her mother, someone was filling her pussy with cum. "No wonder she had so many kids..." Minjun said aloud.

Jieun punched his arm. "You pervert." A buzz and a low moan drew their attention to the bathroom.

"Speaking of perverts..." Minjun set the computer down. "What do we do with the one in the bathroom?".

Jieun shrugged. "I don't think we have a choice. Maybe she'll lose interest after this weekend?".

Minjun nodded toward the screen. "I don't think she's likely to lose interest in sex." He looked wistfully at her. "I like what we have, I don't want her in it." He took her hand.

"Me too." She gave his hand a squeeze. "But it's not as though she's moving in. Besides, she can help us keep this secret. Maybe she can even help us get to Brazil where we don't have to keep it a secret." An impish grin crossed her face. "What are you upset about anyway? You've got two girls fawning over you now. 'Oh, poor Minjun. Two beautiful women are fighting over his dick.'" She mocked playfully. 

She rose and pulled her t-shirt over her head and unclasped her bra. "Go pick which panties you want me to wear." He hesitated. "What? She said not to wear something we don't want to get dirty. For you, she means wear nothing. For me, she means wear panties. She probably expect me to wear a bra too, but bras are expensive." She pushed her shorts to the ground, revealing her midnight lace panties.

"Well, those are pretty hot." He said lustfully.

"But they don't soak up cum, remember?" She countered.

Minjun looked at her crotch and then to his lap where his cock was forming a tent in his athletic shorts. Across the top of the tent lay the damp white and pink panties. "What about these?" He flashed a lopsided smile at her.

She stopped for a second, looking at his crotch. "Well, she already thinks we're total perverts." She reached down and grabbed the damp panties, taking care to wrap her hand around the knob of his cock through his stretched shorts and tugging at it as she picked them up. "And something tells me she wanted me to wear these anyway. How did she keep them damp? My panties are always dry by the next day." She held them in front of her. The thin lines at the top of the panties where she'd let his load yesterday morning soak into her panties were gone, instead the whole panties were damp. She sniffed them, the scent a vaguely exotic twist on her fragrant cunt. Shrugging, she slipped the damp panties on and looked at him. "Alright, mister. I think unless you want to get those clothes dirty, you'd better get out of them." Minjun stood and stripped. Jieun smiled as his cock bounced free of his boxer shorts. They stood for a moment at the door to the bathroom, and then Minjun opened the door.

Inside, Victoria was bent over the sink. Her legs were spread wide, revealing her moist folds beneath her ass cheeks. With one hand, she spread her ass cheeks while the other pushed the massive, vibrating dildo into her asshole. "Ohhhhhhh, hey guys." Her voice sounded strained and shaky, though it steadied as she flicked off the vibration. She turned to face them. The black monster remained wedged firmly in her puckered ass, forcing her to keep her legs spread fairly wide and giving her an unsteady footing. "Nice choice on the panties, Jieun. I had hoped you'd choose them. I even gave them a bit of extra treatment this morning." She winked at the two standing in the bathroom.

Minjun's eyes were darting from her large, dark breasts with their darker nipples to her glistening slit to the dildo visible between her legs, still wiggling from her turning around. Holy shit, I can't believe she has that in her ass. "What do you mean?" Jieun's question came over his shoulder.

Victoria held up her own panties and smiled. "Well, while I was watching my brothers cum inside my mom, I was playing with them." She set her foot on the seat of the toilet, the dildo jutting out at an impossible angle between her legs, and then began to stuff the pink panties slowly inside her cunt. With each thrust of her fingers, the siblings' eyes grew wider as the bright pink was enveloped by the dark folds of her pussy. Victoria stopped with a tiny loop of pink left visible. Jieun looked down and gasped.

"You put my panties... there?!" She looked from her panties to Victoria's slit.

"Of course, dearie. It's called panty stuffing. My Aunt Elliana taught me that. Don't worry, it will take a few weeks, but by this time next month you'll be doing the same thing if you want. But that's for later, right now I think we should move to a bedroom and get started. Bathrooms are great for some kinds of threesomes, but for beginners it's best if we have a bed. Minjun is positively dying here, look at him. How many times did you cum yesterday, sweetie?" She asked with as much concern as she could manage in her hyper aroused state. They could both see she was really close to cumming between the panties and the dildo filling her.

"Umm, just 3 times." Minjun managed.

"Wow, I bet you usually manage 4 or 5 a day, don't you." The voice sounded more urgent now, breaking and cracking as she brought her leg unsteadily to the floor.

"Usually 6 or 7 with Jieun.".

"Oh my God!" Victoria nearly screamed the words as the friction of the dildo and the panties sent her over the edge. She had been stepping towards them and dropped to her knees as her legs quivered uncontrollably. Her arms shot forward, one grabbing Jieun's arm as the panty-clad teen reached out to catch the stumbling girl and the other flying to her dark clit. She arched her back and thrust her hips forward and they watched as a stream of clear liquid first soaked the thong and then pushed it from between her legs. The fabric dam removed, it sprayed past her fingers to shower the tile floor and the siblings's feet. Time began to run again as she came back down from her orgasm and she fell forward, catching herself by grabbing ahold of each of their asses.

Then she opened her mouth and swallowed Minjun's cock whole. Before Jieun could object, a warm, wet finger slipped under the damp coldness of her panties and pushed against her virgin asshole. Jieun wriggled against the finger and Victoria chose instead to slide it through her hairy taint to the base of her slit and begin rhythmically pushing against her tight pussy. Jieun groaned as she twisted to see the ebony arm pressed tight against the back of her thigh as it protruded through the over stretched leg hole of her panties to grip her ass and finger her pussy.

She turned her attention to Minjun, watching the black, curly hair bob up and down on his crotch and looked up to see him fighting not to cum. Jieun locked eyes with him and nodded slowly. "Cum in her mouth, oppa." A long, loud grunt came as the answer and Jieun felt Victoria's finger stop it's pressure as Minjun gripped the back of her head instinctively and thrust forward. Victoria gagged on the salty jets hitting her throat and filling her mouth. Because they hadn't had sex last night, Minjun's heavy balls unleashed shot after shot until the cum was running from the corners of her lips to coat his balls and drip onto her bouncing breasts.

Finally, he relaxed his grip on her and she worked her lips off his cock, maintaining a tight suction all the way. She snaked her hand from within Jieun's panties and rose unsteadily to her feet, then embraced Jieun. The cum on her breasts stuck to Jieun's neck while the long trail from the corners of her mouth left a white smear across her creamy cheek. Then, she tilted her head forward slightly and kissed Jieun.

The kiss caught Jieun off guard and she opened her mouth in a gasp. Feeling the lips part, Victoria parted hers and used her tongue to help shovel the salty cargo she carried in her mouth onto Jieun's tongue. Victoria spread the mix of silva and cum around the inside of Jieun's mouth and the horny Asian's tongue responded automatically, working together to swirl the savory mix around their mouths. Her hands drifted down to grasp the firm globes of dark ass. They broke the kiss and Victoria's tongue left a cummy smear from Jieun's lips to her left nipple, perched proudly upon her firm, petite breasts.  The cream covered ebony lips smeared cum across her sensitive tits, then they sucked them clean. Jieun grasped the black globes of her ass and massaged them, then moaned softly as she felt slender fingers play at the wet elastic bands of her panties.

Suddenly, the black vixen's knees gave out as her buttocks began to vibrate in Jieun's hands. She reached behind her and grabbed the black base protruding from her, fumbling for the switch. "That," she sighed as she began to draw the fake cock from her ass, "makes 2 strikes for you, mister.".

She turned to Minjun, who knelt beside her holding her soaked thong up to his mouth and stared openly at her tits, hovering inches from his nose. "First, you came in my mouth without warning me." She waved the fragrant dildo under his nose. "Second, you turned on my dildo without asking me. One more, and I'm going to fuck you with this until YOU can make ME cum." Minjun saw the perverse grin on her face and thought she'd probably enjoy that more than he cared to consider. He gulped and nodded slowly as she snatched her thong from his hands and stood.

"We really should teach him some manners. But he's got such a delicious cock, I can see why you let him get away with being a bit of an asshole." Jieun blushed. "Anyway, by my count there is just one person here who hasn't had a mind shattering orgasm this morning. Unless you two got up to a bit of fun before I came over." Minjun had just gotten to his feet and she flopped the dildo into his hands with a slimy twack. "Hold this. Let's get you into your bedroom, where you're going to sit on your brother's face until he and I make you cum just like you did yesterday. Don't worry, Minjun. I won't let you drown."

"But I don't want to..." Victoria pinched her cummy nipple to cut her off.

"I didn't want to sleep on a wet spot the size of Manhattan last night, but I did. Besides, what do you care? Right after we make you cum, we're all off to a weekend of fuckery at a love motel. And when you come back on Sunday night, you two can just fuck in his bed that night if they're not dry." Victoria slipped her dripping wet thong on, pulling it tight against her twat and then using her fingers to push the fabric between her cunt lips. Then she grabbed the bottle of lube and slipped between the two siblings. On her way past, she grabbed Jieun's crotch lewdly and smiled while pressing her ass back against Minjun's arm.

Jieun followed her out, then Minjun right behind her. His erection had barely faded and the site of his sister's ass wiggling as the wet panties bunched and released while she walked had him at full mast well before they reached the bedroom. Victoria laid him down and guided Jieun onto his face backwards. He started to remove the panties when Victoria stopped him. "Don't be in such a rush, Minjun. She'll cum harder if we go slower. You too," she said to Jieun, "Don't you cum until I give you permission." With that, she began to lick at Jieun's nipples while his tongue flew across the panties. The thought that the cool tanginess on his tongue had come, quite literally, out of Victoria's pussy soon had him aching for release again. But any time he or Jieun moved their hands towards his straining erection, Victoria would stop them. Finally, he stopped and instead reached up to slip his hands inside her panties to grab her ass. Victoria clearly loved anal sex, between the iPad photos and videos there could be no doubt. Would Jieun like it too? He groped tentatively, tongue flying faster and faster.

Jieun felt the orgasm coming and Victoria felt her tense against it. "Does it make you hot that you're having a threesome with your brother?" She nodded and grabbed Victoria's shoulder for support. "So hot that you want to cover him in your hot girl cum like you covered my sheets yesterday?" She nodded again, biting her lip. "Just like he covers you in his cum every night, you incestuous bitch?" The whispered words sent an electric chill down her back and she shook as Victoria grasped her hand and thrust it under her panties. "Then play with your slutty little clit and cover him in jizz." She could feel his tongue working through the fabric against her finger as she began to frantically rub her clit. She felt like she was falling in on herself, the world shrinking into the damp confines of her pink and white panties, accented by flashes of passionate light from Victoria's tongue flashing across her nipples. She fought the tension until she could hold on no longer, then her world exploded back out from her vagina.

Waves of heat and light emanated from her cunt as the orgasm washed over her. As she began to re-center, Victoria's hand, still thrust inside her panties with her own began to move, flicking up and down her slit. The orgasm rose again and before she could fight it down, Minjun's probing finger tentatively stroked her asshole. A second, more intense wave enveloped her and she became vaguely aware of Minjun fidgeting beneath her. An eternity later, she lay on her brother's stomach, his cock twitching by her ear. Warm stickiness glued their teenaged bodies together and she felt embarrassed at she heard the wet sound made by their skin separating as she sat up into Victoria's waiting embrace.

"You did it." Victoria gestured across Minjun's wet chest to the wide wet spot surrounding them. "You came so hard, I thought he might drown." She looked between her legs to see Minjun's hair wet and matted and his face glistening.

"Oh my God, are you OK?"

"That was so hot." He managed with a smile.

"Look at his dick, see how hot he thought that was?" She brushed lightly against his rigid cock. "Now, take those panties off and put him inside you like a good little sister."

Jieun tensed and Victoria wondered how she had overstepped her bounds. Minjun sitting up and sliding off the bed had her even more confused. "What the hell are you two doing?"

"He's getting a condom." Jieun was struggling with her panties, their utterly drenched state made them stick to her body like a too-tight, wet swimsuit.

"A condom? For fuck's sake!"

"Yeah, we can't get pregnant!" Jieun countered, finally getting the dripping article past her knees.

Victoria's laugh startled them both. "I thought that was just your kink. I forgot what Hyolim told me about Sex Ed here. It's been over 100 years since someone was born without the fertility gene mod. You can't get pregnant unless you're taking pregnancy pills."

The two looked at each other and then back to Victoria, suspicious but hopeful. "What do you mean?" Minjun found his voice first.

"No matter how many loads of your thick, hot baby cream you shoot into her, you can't get her pregnant unless she's on that pill. You can cum in her pussy over and over and over. She'll never get pregnant." She ran her hand across her smooth stomach. "You saw how much cum my brothers unloaded in me over Christmas, have I got a baby bump?"

The two met at the edge of her bed, Minjun embracing her with a wet kiss and laying her quickly on her back, standing between her as she wrapped her legs around him, pulling his full erection toward her waiting cunt. Minjun locked eyes with her, his cock resting against her slit. "I love you, Jieun."

"I love you too, Oppa. Now, fuck me." Her wet pussy sucked his naked cock in for the first time and she gasped as he filled her. Every ridge and bump that he had felt inside her with his fingers seemed twice as big as they gripped and massaged his cock. He fell on her and groaned in her ear as he pulled her close to him, savoring the sighing moan she let out into his. He started as a 3rd hand grasped his ass, but then remembered Victoria beside him. She began pushing him into his sister and the two began to build up a rhythm as his cock slopped in and out of her cunt.

"Don't be an asshole, Minjun. Take your time and fuck her proper." Victoria chided.

"Don't listen to her, bro. I've waited too long to have your cum inside me. Fill your little sister up." He needed little encouragement. Victoria's hand left his ass as he sped up and he felt her giant breasts beside him as she leaned past them. He felt her hand return and suddenly a lubed finger slipped into his asshole. He froze, buried to the hilt and howled as his cock exploded in his sister.

Warm pressure spread from the tip of his cock, filling her cunt with thick spurts of his cum. Jieun groaned as he filled her up and the spurts began to trigger her orgasm. Each twitch of Victoria's finger in his ass brought a fresh spurt of jizz into her rapidly filling cunt, triggering a wave of energy and heat that washed over her, convulsing her muscles. Finally, his eruptions slowed and he collapsed on top of her.

"Now you two are true perverts." Victoria leaned in to whisper in their ears. "Not only do you fuck each other, that was perverted enough. But you're having a threesome with someone, which makes you truly depraved sex fiends. On top of that, you just filled your sister's slutty pussy with her brother's hot, sticky cum. What a pair of incestuous degenerates." They looked sheepishly at Victoria, who grinned evilly. "I can't wait to see what debauched hotness you two get up to tonight. But before then, I think we should take a little shower. Wouldn't want to explain to the taxi driver why we smell like the set of a porno. 

Victoria dangled the pink and white panties in front of them. "You thought it was hot when the cum all over your panties came out of his dick? Wait till it is the cum leaking out of your cunt. Minjun and I will go first so you've got plenty of time for that stickiness to soak into these." She looked from the dripping panties to Minjun and back, then nodded.

Victoria guided them through pulling his cock, still rock hard, out of her cunt and then slipping her panties on without spilling most of the load on the bed. "I recommend you use that little vibrator you've got. It'll make it much hotter and much, much wetter. Not that those panties need help getting wetter. If you hear us in the bathroom, don't worry, your brother will just be fucking my brains out."

"Wait, you're showering together?!" Jieun protested.

"Don't you worry, my little cum slut, there are plenty of loads in there for us to share. I mean, look at his dick!" She gave his slick cock a quick tug, "He's cum 3 times in the last 40 minutes and is just as hard as he was when we started. Trust me, 7 is not his limit. Properly fucked, we can easily double that. Maybe more for today since you left him hanging last night." She leaned in and stroked the creamy white load seeping through Jieun's panties. "Just think how filthy these panties will be when you finally pass out tonight with 5 of those in your pussy. And another 5 dried all over your face and tits. And another 5 shot up your ass if you want. I think you can spare me a quick load in the shower while you wind yourself up thinking about that sticky little probability." With that, she led Minjun out of the room by his cock. "So, Minjun. You've cum in my mouth and your sister's slutty cunt. Where would you like to cum next, my ass or my cunt?"

Minjun grinned perversely, "Your ass." And with that the bathroom door closed.

Jieun looked down at the sticky mess covering her chest and filling her panties. She wondered what they had gotten into and if they could ever get back out of it. Then, she pulled the vibrator out from under her pillow with a smile, certain she didn't want to.

--------
Send feedback to siswriter@email.com