This is a true story that occurred this week.
So I was headed home from work in rush hour traffic and I saw a police car but I was not speeding. I knew instantly that he was coming after me but I didn't know why. Sure enough there I was pulled over for a lighting violation.
One of his co-workers had been taking craft classes where I worked so I immediately threw out his name. He demanded to know the details about how I knew Sean and he said they would never let him live it down. Well, I didn't get a ticket but I knew I was in trouble with Sean.
A few days later he came into my work to rip into me since the guys at the station were relentlessly harassing him about his new hobby, I felt so bad about it that I told him I owed him one. I really did feel bad since he was a nice guy. He wanted to know how he could collect on it and I asked him what time he got off work and he said at 7:00 pm.
My husband was out of town so I sheepishly invited him over for a beer after work. I'm in my mid-fifties and he is in his late thirties so I wasn't angling for anything other than some conversation. I was lonely since my husband had been away for three days and I figured a cold beer and some nice conversation would make it up to him.
He immediately accepted the offer and said he would be there about 8 pm. That was perfect as I get home around 6 pm and that would give me time to make the house presentable.
I got home and cleaned up a bit. I took a shower and my thoughts turned to my visitor. I've not cheated on my husband before. Sure, we've had a few erotic encounters recently but they did not involve another mans hardness in my magic place. Obviously, Sean was a good looking guy but he was much younger than I was so there was probably no attraction on his part.
As I soaped up and rinsed off I couldn't help but touch myself erotically and fantasize about banging him tonight. After all, we hadn't had sex for a couple weeks and I was ready for a good ride. But as I massaged soap and water into my loins I reminded myself that I would not have sex tonight, since my husband was not there.
I got dressed, but not too slutty, grabbed a bottle of wine, and headed out to the back deck to relax and wait for my visitor. In a way I felt guilty about having him come over when I was all alone but I knew I could control myself.
I eased into the chaise lounge by the hot tub and enjoyed the warm summer evening, while sipping a glass of cabernet. I was wearing a perky summer dress that was cut about thigh high. As many of you know, I'm about 5'3" and 130 pounds. Not skinny but not too much extra except in my boobs. They fluctuate between 34 DD and 36 DD depending on how much exercise I get, and my husband tells me they are my best asset.
I heard Sean pull into the driveway and he walked up to the deck with a cold six pack in hand and still in uniform.
"Hey buddy, you need to get a bit more comfortable if you are going to drink a cold one on my deck," I teased him as I greeted him at the top stair of the deck with a light hug. Whether it was intentional or not, Sean allowed his hands to brush my tits as he released the hug. Hmm.
I told him to stretch out on the chair, get more comfortable, and I would go get him an ice cold beer mug for his beer. I had no intention of switching from wine to beer as I did not want to get intoxicated tonight.
As I returned Sean complimented me on how nice I looked and how cool the dress must be that I was wearing. I reminded him that it was a hot day today and I wanted to be cool on the deck this evening.
"I certainly don't want to make you hot tonight either," I joked with him.
"You've been making me hot since I met you, lady," he replied.
"Come on Sean, I'm an old lady." I bantered back with him.
"You may be older than I am but that doesn't mean you aren't a looker," he smiled.
"Here, you better drink this cold beer to cool off, if you are that hot" I commanded him.
We spent the next hour in conversation along with a little teasing thrown in for good measure. I told him how sorry I was that I had used his name to avoid a hundred fifty dollar ticket, but that I would do it again if I had too.
He said that the drinks and conversation more than made up for it so the IOU was collected, but that he would give anything to spend some time in the hot tub with me.
It was cooling off as it started to get dark around 9 pm, but in the early August evening, there was still plenty of daylight.
"Oh you would, would you? Do you want another beer with the hot tub soak or are you good?" I asked.
"I'd love one more beer if you don't mind." he replied.
"It's your beer so I don't mind if you drink it," I laughed at him.
I went in to get his beer and contemplated putting on my swim suit, but the wine made me too tired so I didn't bother.
I went back out on the deck and handed him his beer as he was sitting up in the lounge chair. I took a big breathe and decided to be daring. I reached down to the bottom of my light summer dress, and peeled it straight over my head and placed it on his lap.
"I didn't feel like getting my swimsuit on so I hope you are not offended," I offered.
He had a big smile on his face and was a little stunned as he looked me over. Actually, his eyes went from my tits to my panties and back to my tits about three times without speaking a word.
The wine had taken away my inhibition and I felt like I looked pretty damn good. He was looking at a little dynamo wearing brand new turquoise blue panties that were made from wicking material. They grabbed my hips and ass and I'm pretty sure he could see the outline of my pussy lips pushing against the material. I was wearing a matching bra that was doing its best to hold in my surging breasts.
Actually, at that moment, rather than nervous, I felt like a sex goddess that could lead any man astray. The power of the pussy is real I thought as he continued to drool.
I turned and stepped up to the hot tub and wondered aloud if he was going to join me or just stare at me.
"I don't have a bathing suit," he murmured.
"Really Sean," I mocked him. "Maybe you didn't notice but I'm not wearing one either."
"Oh, I noticed honey. Trust me, I noticed." He stammered.
"Well are you getting in here or are you going to sit over there?" I inquired again.
"Oh I'm getting in alright," he replied as he stripped down to his under wear. "I wasn't prepared for this, but I'm not complaining," he muttered.
"You look pretty damn good under that oversized uniform they make your wear." I applauded him as he stepped into the hot tub and I also noticed that there was a nice hard lump growing in his crotch as it disappeared into the warm water.
I dunked my head in the water and stood up facing Sean. My bra was now wet and I could feel the nipples pushing hard against the fabric. "That water feels good," I said as I came up.
"Damn, you look good honey," he replied. "You could win a wet t-shirt contest in that gorgeous blue bra," he whimpered.
Based on that comment I'm guessing he could see my large brown areola's through the wet fabric. "Oh yeah, and who would judge me the winner?" I poked back at him.
"I think I just declared you the winner," he conceded.
"I'll drink to that," I said and I took another sip of my red wine.
"How will you do in the wet crotch contest? I blurted out. Not sure where that came from and I was a little embarrassed, but what the hell it was out there now.
I sat on the edge of the hot tub, with my wet blue underwear revealing pieces of my body and waited for his response. As I waited I decided to tease him a little by slowly spreading my legs. He couldn't help himself and he looked right at my panties and said how amazing it was to see the outline of my lips.
"I'm wondering about the wet crotch contest right now mister, and I don't mean mine." I smiled and blew him a little kiss.
He smiled and eased up to the side of the tub and I saw a nice hard-on and the tip of his dick was protruding out of the top of his under wear. He sat there motionless.
After about 30 seconds, I swam over to him, softly touched it, and told him he had just won the wet crotch contest, but I did not have a prize for him.
"Looking at you in the hot tub is a victory for me," he smiled back at me.
I pushed away from him and went back to the other side of the hot tub, still standing up. "That doesn't seem adequate, does it Sean?" I teased some more.
And just like that I grabbed the front of my turquoise blue bra, and eased it over the top of my tits. My tits spilled out in their majesty and Sean's eyes were mesmerized. I stepped out of my panties and let them float on the water. I stepped up out of the tub and stood on the side of the tub completely naked.
"My husband calls this the naked hot tub so now I think this is an adequate reward for you. Seeing an old lady naked and three feet away. Hope it doesn't scare you."
"Holy shit, hon. You are gorgeous. Shit."
Sean was staring at my black landing strip cut into my pussy and leading right down to the magic spot. He saw my big tits, hanging a little bit, with big brown areola's and thick nipples. As I thought about it, my pussy was soaking wet and not from the hot tub.
"Fuck, you have gorgeous hips," is all he could muster.
"You're looking at my naked body and you like my hips?" I inquired. Well I've heard that before
"Look my husband says this is a naked hot tub,and though he is not here, you are violating the rules," I warned him.
He didn't need to be asked a second time as he skipped out of his under wear. I walked over to him, slid into the hot tub, and reached for his raging hard- on.
"Listen, Sean, I can't fuck you tonight but I sure want to take that thick thing for a ride." I grabbed it and squeezed it hard. It was rock hard and almost throbbing. It was average length but was thick and felt pretty to the touch.
He grabbed me by the shoulders as I held on to his cock. He pulled me close to him and kissed me hard on the lips. My tits were smashed against his chest and it felt good.
He whispered, "I'm giving out free rides tonight," and tried to slide inside my wanting pussy.
I really did want to fuck him. My pussy was aching for a good fuck and it would slide right in too if I allowed it. I kissed him again, and grabbed his cock with both hands and slowly stroked it under the water. He tried to direct his cock into the sweet spot.
I grabbed both of his hands and placed one on my tits and the other on my wet pussy. "I'm sorry Sean but I can't fuck you. I shouldn't have led you on. Must be the good wine and good company. His finger found the target and he slipped right in.
Oh fuck did that feel good. He plunged it deep into me and I whimpered. "Listen, I can't fuck you but you can make me cum. You want to lick some old pussy?" I offered.
"You are so wet. Hell yeah I want to lick your pussy. I really want to fuck you but I love to lick pussy too." As he said that he lifted me up on the edge of the hot tub and started licking my nipples. He was swirling his tongue from left to right and then from right to left and softly biting the nipples. Oh man that felt good.
After several minutes of worshiping my tits, he eased my legs apart, and went to work on my landing strip. "You taste amazing babe."
His tongue was working wonders on me and I spread my legs wider and started to gently meet his tongue with my hips. "Put your hands on the back of my ass," I commanded him.
Without hesitation he obeyed. He focused on the clit now and with my hips meeting his tongue I was on the verge of exploding. I was whimpering and moaning and I wanted to scream but I didn't want the neighbors showing up. As I was thrashing about, he slid two fingers right into my pussy. The sensation of the tightness of the fingers met the bliss of the tongue and I exploded on his mouth, writhing in pleasure. My orgasm came in waves and though it was only one orgasm it felt like three or four.
I laid my head back and stretched out facing the black sky, immersed in the pleasure of the moment. I wasn't sure if I was viewing the stars in the sky or the stars in my mind from the blistering orgasm. At some point I noticed I was gently rubbing my nipples as my pussy came back to earth.
Finally, I sat up, told Sean we had to switch places, and I went to work on his aching penis. I grabbed it with two hands and gently slid my tongue up and down his shaft. Sean seemed to like the action. I continued and then started running my right hand down his penis followed by my mouth with a tight grip. He was moaning in pleasure.
Now I increased the speed of my lip lock going up and down his shaft. His cock was really thick but I could take it all into my mouth. Sucking his dick was bringing my pussy back to life and amazingly enough, I was feeling like I wanted more attention as I pleasured him.
I switched hands and placed my left hand on his shaft ahead of my mouth. I cupped his balls with my right hand and started to fondle them gently underneath. His hips starting swirling and thrusting to meet my mouth. He moaned that he was sorry but he couldn't hold it any longer. I squeezed harder with my mouth and tongue, and I could feel his cum in my mouth. I took my mouth off his shaft and directed his throbbing meat toward my tits while stroking hard with both hands.
He let out a yell and he shot his warm jizz about a foot right onto my tits. He spurted and spurted and when he was done I cleaned him up. He started laughing and said that was incredible for not having sex with me.
I told him he had to rub his cum into my tits and he obeyed massaging his seed across my girls for a couple minutes. I was now all sexed up again so I slipped under the surface of the water to clean up. I eased up on the side of the hot tub with my ass facing his face. He did not need to be told what to do.
He started licking my ass up and down the slit. Oh god it felt so good. "Put your finger in," I begged.
Sean inserted one finger into my pussy and licked my ass while teasing my ass with another finger. I was on the verge again and really wanted it to last longer. As his tongue worked its magic I simply couldn't control myself and I erupted again whimpering like a school girl.
Sean wanted to keep fingering me but I was too sensitive now to be touched anywhere down there. I crawled out of the hot tub, laid on my back, and stared at the stars, taking it all in. Sean joined me and we stared into the darkness for a long time savoring the moment.
Finally, he broke the silence. "Well, since I can't fuck you and you are an amazing lover, can we do this about four times a week since we don't consider it sex?"
I laughed and told him how badly I wanted to feel him inside me, but this would have to do for his reward for my behavior with his fellow officers.
"Well, I've never had sex with a woman your age and now I don't want to go back," he opined.
"Hey, maybe we will have a BBQ some time and you bring your girlfriend along and who knows, maybe we will get into a little group action and then all bets are off," I suggested.
"Can we do it tomorrow," he begged and then cursed the fact that he did not have a girlfriend at the moment.
I just can't cheat on my husband but swinging or swapping may be a different story I thought to myself. Oh the possibilities for a 50-something couple to consider when they get all sexed up.