Title: Master PC--The Ornithologist, Part I
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Michelle gets the program that would make her a virtual
goddess to those around her, but being sub means that's not going
to work well.  At least a co-worker of hers will have a happier
evening!
Keywords: MF MFF mc

Master PC--The Ornithologist, Part I

                         * * * * * * * * * *

*Author's note: this is my first foray into the universe of Master PC.
The MPC stories, started by the one and only JRParz--easily one of the
top writers of mind control erotica--are some of my favorites, and
they definitely influenced my ORF stories. I hope you all enjoy this
story as much as I enjoyed writing it! Special thanks to Born Blitzed
for proofreading help, and a "shout out" to all you MCForum writers,
lurkers, and posters--without all of you, I may not have had anything
to hide in this story!*

                         * * * * * * * * * *

*Michelle and Pete*

"Oh oh oh oh oh oh ... uuunnnnhhhhh ooooooohhh! Yeah! Ummmmmmmmm...."
Michelle screamed and grunted at the top of her lungs as she was
driven to her fourth orgasm by Pete, a former nerd and now sex
machine, who had been fucking Michelle uncontrollably (and rather
well, he had to admit to himself) for the past couple of hours.

His sexual adventures had never lasted more than 30 minutes or so
before today without him blowing his wad, and here he'd fucked the
hottest woman at work to four--FOUR!--climaxes, and he had yet to get
his own release. What's worse, as soon as she climbed off of his pole,
he began to masturbate--just like he had after her three previous
orgasmic fits.

She climbed off the makeshift bed (just a few sleeping bags she'd
stacked on each other so she could try Master PC at work in relative
comfort), went back to her laptop, and stared at the program that had
made the past few hours of unbelievably great sex with the hottest guy
she could create possible. If she had any doubts of its power before,
they had been thoroughly fucked out of her.

She looked over to the hapless computer tech who worked with her at
the Animal Laboratory Evaluation Institute's administration office.
Master PC had allowed her to gain total control over Pete as soon as
she knew his full name--and to make sure he didn't fizzle before she
was done (she was very hard to get off), he wasn't allowed to cum
until he was told to do so. And he was begging, again.

"Michelle... please, I've done everything you want... please, please
let me cum... Please! I have a wife! I need it so bad... if I don't
cum again... oh please..." he pleaded as he jacked off with such vigor
that he might have injured himself--if she had not learned enough
about the program to adjust some of his physical attributes. As it
was, his skin was amazingly resilient and sensitive, and his new
muscles, clear complexion, and 10" cock didn't hurt, either.

But, as she came down from her post-coitus high, she was filled -once
again--with the empty feeling she'd experienced after every orgasm
she'd been driven to in the few days she'd had the program.

"Please..." he was almost crying now; he was unable to stop trying for
an orgasm until she let him actually have one. This would not be easy
to explain to his wife, and he would have actually been crying if the
sensations of unbridled pleasure coming from him stroking his prick
weren't so intense. But, Pete was only making his situation worse--the
begging only made Michelle's emptiness more noticeable.

She wanted to be controlled like that. She wanted to be the one
begging for release, begging for her controller to stop. She wanted to
be controlled, totally against her will. The very thought of being in
Pete's helpless position made her wetter than the sight of his well-
muscled body masturbating like a maniac on makeshift bed she'd thrown
together.

It wasn't going to happen like this, with her in control. Even if she
made someone dominate her, she would essentially still be in charge.
Realizing she had set up a loop of ecstasy and disappointment, she
decided to break the chain and let poor Pete cum. His jizz flew
several feet to where she was sitting--and there was a lot of it. She
brought up his profile, and found his address. By the time he had
started up his Mercury Topaz to drive home, things were changing at
his house.

She was not in the mood to manually adjust any more people for the
time being, and she also knew that he and his wife had no kids. So,
she went ahead and just set a few simple blanket commands for his
house, figuring that it would work well enough. She was playing around
more than anything else and wasn't really too careful about how she
typed the commands.

*Anything Pete tells anyone in the house to do will be obeyed,
instantly and enthusiastically.*

*Erogenous zone stimulation for Pete and any woman in his house is 5
times as intense as normal.* (She just pulled the number out of thin
air; she had no idea that MPC actually used numerical values for such
intangibles)

*If another woman is in Pete's house, she will want to have sex with
him and his wife.*

*Any woman in his house who he wants to have sex with will undergo
physical modifications to breast size and overall body shape to bring
her to within 90% of his preferences.*

*Any woman who Pete has sex with in his house will lust after Pete
even when not in his presence.*

*Everyone in Pete's house will permanently lose all pubic hair once
they take a shower in his house.*

She hit <Execute>, and felt less guilty about making him cheat on his
wife. Michelle figured this was payback enough, and she was a little
jealous of what any poor woman in his house would go through if his
interest was drawn to her. To make sure everything went smoothly, she
opened Pete's profile again and made a few permanent modifications.

*Pete will know that he has control over anyone in his house.*

*Pete's overall libido will increase by a factor of 5.*

*Pete has complete control over his erection and his orgasm.*

As she shut down Pete's profile, she thought seriously about how to
use the power to get what she wanted. After a few minutes, she came to
the following conclusions: she wanted the man in control of her to be
someone for whom she had real feelings, and she wanted the man to like
being in control (and to know how to use the program to control her).

Also, she wanted to be made to do things she would not normally do but
that she still found highly arousing. And, to make sure she would love
the sensation of being controlled, she wanted to *know* she was being
controlled. The very thought of that made her clitty tingle.

Michelle didn't have to rack her brain for long to come up with the
man who she wanted as a Master. Rob Beige, the man in charge of animal
lab inspections (and an accomplished ornithologist), had classic good
looks. His hair was almost shoulder-length and blonde, and his body
was perfect... or at least it seemed to be, underneath the suits he
wore to work. And those eyes, those dark, dark brown eyes--almost
black!--could drill a hole in her very being, even without the power
she was about to give him.

So excited she could hardly contain herself, she brought up his
profile. There he was, in 3-D model form, having drinks at a bar. She
typed in the commands as fast as she could; she didn't want to think
too hard about it--it might spoil some of the surprises that were in
store for her, and him, and his wife... looking down, she realized she
had started stroking her clit.

Using two fingers--one on either side of her love button--she rubbed
herself to a very fast, and very wet, orgasm. "I'm definitely on the
right track," she said aloud as she typed the commands with her wet
fingers.

She set up the program to do simultaneous changes on her and Rod. In
Rod's command box, she typed:

*Rob will go home immediately if he is not already there; and, he will
open and run the Master PC installation files I'm sending him.*

*Rob will want to test the program out on anyone who comes into his
house, and will focus on making women do things they would not
normally do.*

*Rob's libido will increase by factor of 7, and will develop a habit
of increasing the libidos of any woman in his house to make them
nearly insatiable in his presence.*

*Rob will eventually branch out to the women at work, and finally
choose Michelle Mason as a permanent, live-in slave.*

*Rob will make Michelle Mason do things that she would never do; and,
he will enjoy humiliating her in every way possible.*

She smiled to herself at the implications the commands would have for
Mrs. Beige and, later on, for her. She also decided that it would be
best if Rob didn't know that he had been altered. After locking out
those particular commands with a password, she went to her own
profile. In her profile's personality alterations box, she typed:

*Michelle loves to be a slave to her Master.*

*Michelle will forget all about Master PC once the program is sent to
Rob Beige and erased from her computer completely.*

*Michelle will be aware that someone is controlling her, but will not
be able to do anything about it.*

*The more Michelle is made to do things that she hates, and the more
she doesn't want to do what she is forced to do, the more aroused she
becomes from obeying her Master.*

She didn't need to make herself enjoy being controlled into doing
degrading things--she figured that since that was her biggest kink, it
would be a given. In the Special Simultaneous Execution Commands box,
she typed:

*Master PC will be erased from this computer as soon as the
installation file is run by Rob's computer.*

After sending the program's install file in a surprisingly small email
attachment--only about 700 kb, disguised as a short slideshow about
some interesting research on pheasants, northern bobwhites, and other
game birds--she shut down her notebook, packed it up, and went home.

                         * * * * * * * * * *

*Gwen, Betty, and Pete*

At Pete and his wife Gwen's house, as Betty continued to sip tea in
the kitchen, Gwen looked at her reflection in the bathroom mirror as
she washed her hands. She hadn't used the toilet--she just needed to
get away from her younger sister for a few minutes.

Betty had it all. She had a rich husband back in Montana, but that
didn't bug Gwen as much as the fact that she was breathtakingly
beautiful--and had always been so. She had a flawless face and big,
blue eyes. They accented her long, blond hair in the most innocently
sexy way. The full curve of her breasts made her even more jealous
than her heart-shaped ass did. She knew that her sister had worn a D-
cup since her senior year in high school.

Gwen thought herself almost impish in comparison. Her mousy brown hair
was pretty enough, she knew, and her face wasn't exactly ugly -but if
"plane Jane" were an entry in a dictionary, a picture of her would be
included with the definition. She glanced down her nearly featureless
body and thought, 'All I am is skinny; it's all I've got going for
me.'

Sighing and deciding she'd stalled long enough, she took one last look
at her thin self in the mirror before heading back to the kitchen to
talk to Betty some more. Before she took two steps, though, a tingling
sensation enveloped her body... and strange things began go happen.

First, her loose-fitting shorts became noticeably tighter. Grabbing
her hips, she actually felt them expand. She looked down to confirm
what was happening, and, right before her own eyes, she got her first
real curves! Her hands began to run up her body, passing over her
newly toned tummy and up to her chest. It was as if she were
transforming from the feet up--her legs had already taken on a nice
shape and she imagined her ass had filled out a little, too.

When her hands found her tits, she felt some definite growth there as
well as she felt her T-shirt tighten. She had to get the shirt off,
she realized, and fast. It wasn't easy getting it over her growing
mounds, but when she did, her new tits spilled out, jiggling all the
way. She gasped at their size, and stared at them through the mirror
with a look on her face that was a combination of awe and curiosity.

She didn't wonder how it had happened--the Master PC default of not
being concerned over the physical changes made to a person was still
active. She did wonder, though, how they would feel in her hands -
would they feel fake or real? Her curiosity got the better of her and
after a few moments, she reached up to weigh her new tits.

As her hands cupped her huge breasts--each now probably enough to fill
a DD cup, but that was an estimate because she had never even needed a
B cup--she felt the first rush of arousal. Her hands almost
automatically went to her nipples, and she pinched them hard -
something she always enjoyed--and when the waves of pleasure began to
wash over her, she knew it was no dream. Her tits felt real, they were
huge, and the sensations were amazing.

She started rubbing her tits with some baby oil from the medicine
cabinet, and slipped a hand into her shorts--the sight of her
reflection alone made her as horny as she got when she snuck one of
her husband's girlie magazines into the bathroom for a quick frig. 'I
look just as good as those magazine girls do,' she realized. 'Pete
will be so happy when he got home... he'll probably want to take me
straight to bed... mmmmm...' she imagined as she continued to play
with herself.

Before she could reach a climax, though, her sister barged into the
room--and she was almost naked; wearing only her thong panties and a
dreamy smile.. Her tits looked a little fuller, and she immediately
started taking off her underwear. In seconds flat, she was in the
shower.

"Betty? What..." Gwen began.

"No time. Pete called, and he said he was coming home and wanted to
have some fun--so he told me to take a shower. I think he thought I
was you," Betty indicated as she started the shower. Gwen, still
rubbing her oiled tits, suddenly felt an urge to shower, too.

"Wait for me. If he said to shower, I guess I should go ahead and get
cleaned up." It wasn't until she got in with her sister that she
realized how odd it was to do something just because she was told to
do it. As the hot water began to wash away all the hair below her (and
her sister's) neck, the simple fact that she was doing as she was told
made her even hornier than her hyper-sensitive tits had succeeded in
doing.

She saw Betty sneaking a few extra frigs at her own clit, and figured
that whatever had been changing her was also affecting Betty, as well.

When they were clean and dry (well, mostly dry), they found themselves
waiting in the living room, naked, for Pete. Any pretense of good
behavior was gone as they both sat, trying to pretend that they
weren't getting hornier by the second at the prospect of "having fun"
with Pete. When he walked through the door, they both got on their
knees before him.

His pants never stood a chance. They were almost ripped from him, and
his new 10" prick sprang free. Betty wasn't sure what to do, but Gwen
sure knew. She grabbed it with her hand, looked at Pete for approval,
and when he smiled and winked at her, she started licking the shaft.

Up and down the monstrous phallus went her tongue, flicking the tip of
his head with her tongue, until finally he grabbed the back of her
head. She hardly needed to be told what to do--she opened her mouth as
far as it would go (which was further than it would have gone an hour
ago) and engulfed the entire length of his shaft.

Amazed that it didn't make her gag--not even a little--she began to
blow him as he gently rocked his hips back and forth, fucking her
face. Her tongue worked magic on his dick while she gently sucked on
it, and she started to gently tilt her head from side to side--she
knew how hot she had to look doing that, and judging by Pete's
increase in speed, she knew she was right.

Betty, on the other hand, was getting jealous. She knew she could not
blow him--he was too big. But she wanted it inside her. "Pete," she
said, fingering her now hairless pussy, "what does a girl have to do
to get some of that?"

"Well, if Gwen can spread her knees a little, I want you to lie down
and let her ride your face. Don't forget to lick her asshole--she
loves that. Mmmm... Don't you, babe?"

Spreading her knees and taking his huge dick out of her mouth to get
some air, she simply nodded and mumbled a quick "mmm hmm" before
flicking the tip of his head with her tongue. She quickly and hungrily
engulfed his shaft again, face-fucking his rod with gusto.

Betty had gotten on her back and scooted under her sister's hips, and
within seconds, she was licking and sucking any part of Gwen's crotch
that touched her mouth. At the same time, she also used three fingers
to pump in and out of her own very wet cunt.

It took about one minute for Betty to get her sister off. A few
seconds after that, she came, too.

Both sisters had climaxed a few times when Pete announced, "OK, the
oral exam is over. Let's retire to the bedroom." They followed him,
and at his command, assumed a 69, with Gwen on top. Pete, still
impossibly hard, came up behind his wife and slid into her pussy
effortlessly.

"Now, Betty, remember--she likes ass play. Finger her ass. You too,
Gwen--I want your fingers fucking her pussy and asshole while you suck
on her clit. You know how much she loves it!"

Gwen, as she felt her husband enter her, screamed in climax. With her
arms around her sister's thighs, she entered her pussy with three
fingers and started fucking her with increasing speed. Using some lube
Pete had tossed onto the bed when he came into the room, she entered
her sister's brown eye--which, thanks to Pete's simple verbal
commands, made her sister cum almost immediately.

Betty watched in sheer jealousy (and hard-to-control lust; it was all
she could do to not shake her sister off of her when she came hard as
she felt the initial double-penetration) as the thick, veined shaft
moved in and out of her sister. With the finger Betty was using to
fuck Gwen's asshole, she could--through the flesh separating the two
orifices--feel Pete's cock moving in and out of Gwen's pussy. Betty
only wished she could have that cock in her--having her sister double-
penetrate her was great, but that dick looked divine.

Pet's speed picked up, and he slapped his wife's ass a few times. His
speed picked up quickly, and finally, with one mighty thrust, he
almost growled as he came. Betty almost saw his scrotum contract as he
shot a monster load into the pussy above her face...

... of course, she was suddenly in the throes of intense orgasm
herself. Gwen had pressed all of her cum buttons at the same time, it
seemed. Screaming into the clit that was still rubbing on her face,
she suddenly was aware of a gush of warmth flow over her--a
combination of Pete's jizz and her sister's juices.

Apparently, Gwen had cum, too.

Pete collapsed on top of his wife, and the three separated on the bed,
sexually spent and more than a little sticky. Pete, exploring his
wife's new body with his hands, ordered Betty to clean them both. As
he watched her lick Gwen's nether regions clean, his rod began to
stir. When she started to lick him clean, he caught her try to sneak
the head into her mouth.

"Oh, no you don't, Betty. You aren't allowed to do that. That's for
Gwen," he teased.

Betty almost cried--she had done something wrong, and suddenly the
desire to make it right filled her every fiber. "I'm... I'm so
sorry... please, tell me to do something... let me make it right..."

Pete, fully hard now, had an idea. "Gwen, be a dear and take a quick
shower." Gwen ran to the bathroom, getting horny just knowing what was
about to happen. Turning to Betty, Pete said, "Assume the position."

She got on her knees with her back to him, and put her head on the
bed--putting her ass in the air for his inspection. She arched her
back so that her hips were thrust back and up--presenting her
hairless, wet snatch at such an angle that it could be spanked...

Using his dick as a fleshy whip, he swatted her twat once. "Now, we
don't just suck our sister's husband's magic cock without permission,
do we?"

"No, master... mmmmm..." she moaned as the mere contact of his hot
member on her wet cunt sent shivers up her spine. When she felt it
again, she reached around and began to finger her still-lubed asshole.

"So, what are we going to do about it?" he asked, now slapping her sex
with his manhood repeatedly. When he called it "magic," he was only
half-aware that it changed the sensation his sister-in-law would feel
when it touched her. It was now like hitting her with pure lust,
contained completely within his love muscle.

Each time he did, she moaned louder and louder, until finally she
begged, "Please fuck me please please! I need you inside me... I've
never cum that hard before and you're so big... please put it in me! I
need.... OOOOOOH!" she screamed as his huge cock slowly inched into
her wetness. Everywhere it filled her burned sexual energy, and it
spread quickly into her body. After many seconds of agonizingly
pleasurable insertion, he was all the way in and started to fuck her
in earnest.

"Oh fuck me harder... harder... oh, faster... oh fuck oh..." she
screamed in erotic hysteria. When she felt his hands on her ass,
grabbing it with enough force to leave red marks and forcing it onto
his cock as he thrust as hard as he was able, she knew what was about
to cum.

When he did, she started screaming and bucking--then, for a brief
moment, she was almost still, but a barely perceptible shaking motion
moved up her spine from her cunt to her brain... and then, with a
throaty grunt, she finally thrashed around, screaming and growling as
an orgasm bigger than the last one racked her body. When he was done
filling her with his seed, she fell to the bed, unconscious.

When she left three days later, she was sincerely sad to go. Betty
knew how to handle her husband, though. She just knew that they would
be moving to the Midwest soon... to be closer to family. But for now,
the beginning of her temporary leave from the hottest man she'd ever
meet was about to begin with an unpleasant cab ride to the airport.

She knew she was in for a long drive when he asked if she liked
Fleetwood Mac.

"Whatever. Just get me to the airport. Security's a bitch." He smiled,
put in the CD, and they drove away. As "Sara" played on the radio,
Betty ran her hands over her slightly changed body discretely, hoping
she'd be able to have fun with her sister and brother-in-law again
very soon.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.