Two Days One Summer

(Mm, gay, mast, oral, anal)

Edited by Lance Vargas

When I was 15 I felt like I had a permanent erection. Living on a
farm so far out of town I didn't have many, scratch that, read
any opportunities to do anything about it with the opposite sex,
so I mainly took care of things by hand, if you know what I mean.

Summers were especially brutal because I didn't catch a glimpse
of a girl for days at a time. For one thing I worked on the farm
during the day and wasn't allowed to drive the truck into town at
night. So Sundays at church were the only times I could see a
girl, and I had to file away those moments for later jack off
sessions. Yeah, it's probably a sin to jack off to a girl in her
Sunday best, but you do what you gotta do.

I drove the rice truck during harvest, which means I had a lot of
down time waiting for the truck to fill before I drove the load
to the grain bins. Even at the bins there was a lot of hurry up
and wait as other trucks unloaded before me.

There was only one or two other drivers my age waiting in the
long line. Most of the others were black farm hands, old men and
this old woman who looked more like a man than the old men. The
men spent a lot of time waiting by playing cards in the shade of
one of the trucks. I wasn't a card player, and they probably
wouldn't let a kid like me in. So I usually just watched them
play.

Every so often they would start to tell jokes, dirty jokes. And
it never failed that whenever they told a joke about sex I'd get
a hard on. Like I said, it felt permanent. One day one of the old
black guys saw me fiddling with my dick in my pants and laughed
at me. He said I better hold on to it before it sneaks out of my
pants. I didn't wear underwear, and I usually wore cut off blue
jeans, so I wondered if he had really seen anything.

I quit going to the card games after that. But I did remember all
the sex jokes.

Sometimes I'd try to masturbate myself in the truck while
waiting. But I was always paranoid that somebody would come up to
the truck without me seeing them first. I almost got busted by
one of the other kid drivers. He jumped up on the running board
on my side, and I quickly pulled my pants leg down.

"What was that," he asked looking at my crotch.

"I was brushing a spider off. This old truck is full of bugs," I
quickly lied.

He didn't say anything else, but just went on chatting about the
farm, hunting and stuff - basically everything that I had no
interest in. I want to turn the conversation to girls, but he
never gave me a chance. The boy could talk.

After about the third week of harvesting I had used up all my
visual memories and was now making up stuff to jack off to. While
waiting in the field it was easy to whack one out on the side of
the truck away from the field. But sometimes the neighbor kids
would come to the truck to play in the rice or just to chat.

Of course they were all boys, so they were just a nuisance. And
they were three or four years younger than me so I couldn't talk
to them about girls because they thought all girls were crap.

So my frustrations grew and grew. I knew I would be a virgin in
my 30s. Damn, I thought, I didn't need to get laid. I just needed
a girl to help me get my rocks off.

One day as the rice cart was filling up my truck, the guy who
drove the cart told me to take the load to the bins. I told him I
wasn't filled yet. He said the farmer told him that the field was
done and we'd be moving on.

I didn't know what that meant until I got back from the bins an
hour or so later. They were cleaning off the equipment and
getting ready to leave. I was just told to follow them. I saw the
farmer's wife pull up in a pickup truck which meant she usually
had a cooler full of Cokes and probably chips and a candy bar,
too.

She was a very nice lady and reminded me a lot of my Mom. As I
was drinking my Coke I heard the farmer tell his wife to follow
us in the truck. Then he yelled "Let's go," and everybody got up.

I didn't really know what was going on so I jumped behind the
wheel of the truck and cranked it up. The farmer took off in the
combine toward the highway followed by the rice cart. I got in
line behind him, and the pickup truck followed me. I was
surprised that we were leaving the farm knowing that we had at
least another 80 acres to harvest. But I wasn't paid to do the
thinking.

I found out that we were going to help another farmer who had
gotten hurt. We were going to harvest his field, about 30 acres,
and then head back. I was given a slip of paper with the name
McAllister on it. I guess that was the farmer's name. I wondered
if he had a daughter. Yep, I got hard thinking about it.

He didn't have a daughter. At least not that I knew. We never met
anybody from their farm while we were there for a couple of days.
But we did get a visitor.

The field was just off a small back highway way off the beaten
path. While I was sitting in the shade of the truck facing the
road I watched a few trucks and cars pass by. Of course, there
weren't a lot of them, but some. At least it kept me from getting
bored. Every so often I'd see a woman driver, and yeah, I'd get a
hard on thinking about her.

Once I got to park the truck under some trees on the side of the
field, and I was sitting on the running board in the shade
watching the cars. I could see a convertible from far down the
road, and I sat up and took notice because up to now it was
mostly pickups and plain old sedans. When I saw the driver I
really got excited. It was a pretty blonde with her hair blowing
in the wind.

She whizzed by so fast that my heart fluttered and my fantasies
began. I became instantly hard and started rubbing myself. I
imagined being in that car with her, or better her stopping to
talk to me. She would wonder what I was doing, and I'd let the
head of my dick sneak below the bottom of my cut-offs. I really
didn't realize that I was doing just that when I saw this car
pass and slow down. I didn't get a good look at the driver, but I
did realize that my dick was in plain sight under my pants leg.

I quickly pulled my pants leg down and watch this baby blue Chevy
go on down the road. I was still lost in my fantasy with the
blonde when I heard another car come by and begin to slow down.
When I looked up I saw the Chevy pulling up next to the truck.

Man, I'm in deep shit now, I thought. This guy had probably seen
me with my dick hanging out of my pants and was probably a
detective or a policeman or something.

He got out of his car right away, but didn't look like he was in
a hurry. He looked at the truck, and then looked at the combine
and rice cart on the other side of the field. He was kind of a
handome man, and I guess you could call him pretty or good
looking. He wore nice clothes like white shirt and dress pants. I
could see a jacket draped over the passenger seat. I figured he
might be an insurance salesman or something.

I was about to tell him that I didn't know nothing about this
field or the McAllister guy who owned it, but he just walked up
to me and said "Hello."

I told him hi, and he put out his hand to shake mine. I shook
hands with him and he told me his name was John.

"Bud" I said still shaking his hand. I thought we shook a little
bit longer than I was comfortable with but he finally let go.
This guy was probably a salesman, but he was barking up the wrong
tree because I couldn't afford to buy whatever he was selling.

"Hot out here, ain't it?" he asked looking up at the tree.

"Yeah, but it's kinda OK in the shade. You need a drink of water
or something," I motioned toward the water cooler in the cab of
the truck.

"Nah, thanks," he said. "I pass by this road all the time. Never
saw y'all out here before."

"Yeah, we helping this farmer cut his rice 'cause he's sick," I
told him.

"So you man this truck by yourself?" he asked.

"Yeah, been doing it since last year. Learned to drive it when I
was 13."

"So, 17, 18 now?" he looked me over.

"Hah, 15. Nah, ain't near 18 yet." I laughed at him.

"Well, you look older, so I was just wondering. I mean you got
muscles and everything, and you got a tan all over."

"Yeah, it's from sitting out here and shoveling the rice. When
the cart fills up the truck I gotta shovel the rice to make it
level." I was trying to explain how it all worked, but I don't
think he was listening because he just kept looking at my cutoff
blue jeans. Then I realized he was looking at my crotch.

And I don't know why but seeing him look between my legs made my
damn dick hard again. In fact, it started getting as hard as a
rock. And I was really starting to get uncomfortable and tried to
sit down to adjust myself.

"So, how long y'all working today?" he asked, his eyes still on
my pants.

"I dunno," I mumbled, "I guess till we're finished."

"Y'all finishing this field today?"

"Nah, I don't think so. They only about half through," I got up
to look at the combine to see where it was. "Yeah, they a little
bit over halfway."

And when I went to sit back down on the running board my goddam
dick shot right out from under the leg of my pants. I know I
turned 18 shades of red trying to grab it and tuck it back in.

"God damn boy, you gotcha self a big one there, huh?" the
stranger gushed. "I bet you make your girlfriend real, real happy
with that thing."

"Ain't got no damn girlfriend," I muttered trying to adjust
myself, but really only making me harder. And the fact that the
stranger saw it and commented on it made it even hard still. In
fact, I don't remember ever being this hard before.

"No girlfriend? Well, shit, them girls don't know what they're
missing!" he laughed. "Big dick like that should be seeing a lot
of action. Shit, I even know some guys that would like to get a
hold of one like that. I bet you jack off all the time, huh?"

"What you talking about? Ain't none of your business." I replied
angrily.

"Hey, hey, don't bust me down. I mean, I do all the time, too. I
know what it's like to not have somebody bust my nut for me.
Shit, I get tired of having to whack myself off all the time. I'm
just saying it would ne nice to have somebody do it fo me."

"Yeah, probably," I replied trying not to look at the guy.

"Hey Bud, you probably can't wait till I leave so you can get you
some relief, right."

"Look, ain't none of your business...."

"Just trying to help, man. Look, and if you want I can help you
with that, too. I bet that big dick would feel real good in
somebody else's hands." He smiled at me.

"I ain't no queer," I snarled at him.

"I ain't either!" he snapped. "It's just sometimes I need some
relief, and I get it from whoever I can. If it's a guy or a girl,
a hand's a hand. Know what I mean."

I had to think about that one. I mean, I never thought about it
before. Getting jacked off by a guy? Who the shit does that who's
not a homo? But it's not like I'm gonna fuck him or anything.

"It's not like I'm gonna fuck you," he said as if he was reading
my mind.

The look on my face must have told him what I was thinking
because I was shocked.

He slowly came forward and sat beside me on the running board. I
froze. Then he gently placed his hand between my legs.

"If you don't want me to just tell me," he said softly.

I really didn't know what I wanted, but then I felt his hand
begin to move up and down my zipper. And it felt good. Damn good.
Too damn good. I swear I really wanted him to stop, but I
couldn't say anything.

He began to rub harder and then grip my hard on just a bit. He
was jacking me off in my pants. I began to squirm because it was
feeling so good.

He pushed a little bit and grabbed it, then pushed it again, and
grabbed some more. Then he pushed it all the way until it popped
out of my pants again.

"Well, looky there. Looks like he wants to come outside to play.
There, that's a fine looking dick." he said.

Then he touched it with his hand, skin on skin, and I moaned
before I could catch myself. He began to stroke it up and down,
and I thought I was going to pass out.

"Feels good?" he asked.

"Uh huh," was all I could manged to mutter between moans.

"Well, it looks good, Bud. You got a big old dick that's gonna
make some lucky girls real, real happy one day. Yeah, it's big,
all right. Look at that big old head. Shit, they gonna have a
problem getting is up inside their mouth much less their little
pussies. Yeah, when this thing gets inside a pussy it's gonna
tear them up." he went on and on, and I felt better and better.

"Hey Bud," he commanded, "stand up. Let's do it right."

I stood without thinking because my dick was doing all the
thinking. When he took his hand off my dick I came to my senses
for a second. I looked down and saw him unsnapping my pants and
then unzipping them.

"Step out," he ordered, and he eased my pants over my dick and
dropped them to the ground.

I was standing there in my t-shirt and tennis shoes, butt naked
on bottom with my dick standing straight up.

"There's this is going to go a whole lot easier." And he began to
jack me off in earnest.

My knees began to bend and I started to rock my hips back and
forth. He smiled when he saw me do this and began to really pull
all the way back.

"Uh, uh man, I'm gonna shoot off. You better stop." I tried to
warn him.

He didn't even pause and kept on pumping, and I felt my balls
begin to tighten.

"Let it go, man. Let it go. I wanna see how far you can shoot. I
wanna see you shoot your rocks off. Come on. Just let it go."

"Uuuuugggggggggh!" I know my grunt sounded like a caveman, but my
dick started to spasm, and it felt like his grip tightened. It
felt like forever before the first shot came out, but then he
pulled back all the way against my stomach, and I saw myself
shoot about six feet away into the dirt. Then two or three more
shots, each a little less forceful came out with him still
pulling my dick all the way back.

Then he began to jerk me again and I started to shoot all over
again. The feeling was something so deep that I never felt that
intensely before. I kept shooting off until I was shooting
blanks.

I felt myself going limp in his hand. I looked down and saw that
I had gotten my stuff all over his hand. He let me go and just
looked at me and smiled.

"Feel better?" he joked.

"Yeah, lots," I panted.

"See, sometimes everybody needs a hand. Shit, like I told you I
do too. Betcha tired, huh?"

"Talk about," I laughed.

"Yeah, I figured. Listen, you got me kinda riled up just watching
you. You mind if I relieve myself, too?"

I didn't really know what to say. I mean, he just jacked me off,
so I guess he could jack himself off too. I hope he don't think
I'm gonna jack him off because I'm not.

"OK, then," he said and he began to unzip his pants. I expected
him to whip his dick out, but instead he undid his belt and then
unbuckled his pants. He let his pants drop to the ground and then
unsnapped his boxers and let them drop as well.

I know my mouth must have dropped open when I saw what sprang up
from the dark hair around his crotch. It was the biggest, longest
dick I ever seen in my life. It must have been almost a foot long
and I doubt if I could wrap my hold hand around it. He could
barely fit his.

He hefted it up in his hand and began to rub the underside up and
down. I was hypnotized watching him work that monster. It began
to get bigger and bigger, and I swear it looked like it had
muscles.

I have veins on mine, but nothing like this. I could almost see
the blood pumping in his veins, and I watched that big purple
head disappear each time he pulled his hand up. It was as big as
an apple, and his goddam dick looked like another arm. That's
exactly what it looked like - an arm!

But then I saw his nuts swinging underneath the hair, and they
looked like a bull. I was wondering if this guy was part animal
or something.

Well, it didn't take him long because pretty soon he was grunting
and grunting and then all of a sudden he pulled his dick all the
way back. I watched intently as that first big drop flew out of
his dick slit and hit the side of the truck. Then he just kept
shooting and shooting, and I don't know what, but I just wanted
to hold it. Yeah, I admit, I wanted to hold a man's dick. But I
wanted to hold just his dick and nobody else's. It was huge and I
wanted to know how it felt, how much it weighed.

Shit, was I going queer? I wondered if maybe I was, and I kind of
got worried, but then I just kept thinking that I just wanted to
touch it, to feel it, to just hold it.

But before I could do anything he shook it off and then pulled
his boxers back up followed by his pants.

"Hey, man, sorry about your truck," he smiled as he buckled his
belt. "Boy, I needed that. Shit, it's been a long time."

"Hey Bud," he looked at me, "glad you let me help you there. I
could tell when I passed that you needed a hand. If you're around
tomorrow maybe we could do it again. OK?"

I nodded my head and watched him wave and head back to his car. I
realized that my dick had gotten hard again watching him jack
himself off. I began rubbing myself again, this time out in the
open as my pants were still around my ankles.

He got in his car and laughed at me, not mocking me, just
chuckling. He looked at my hard on again and nodded his head.

I stood up and began to jack myself again, knowing I probably
couldn't shoot off again since I did so much before.

He folded his arms on top of the steering wheel and put his chin
on his arms watching me.

I lost myself in his stare as I beat myself off until I shot off
even again. This time wasn't as powerful, and it didn't feel as
good as when he did. But a bad jack off is still better than no
jack off at all, I thought.

He waved in a salute as he started his car, put it in gear and
drove off.

I heard the rice cart approaching the truck, so I hurried and
pulled my pants up and climbed up into the back of the truck.

The cart driver hollered something at me, but I couldn't hear him
above the noise of the motor.

"What?" I mouthed at him cupping my ear.

"Who was that?" he yelled pointing down the highway.

"I don't know. He was just asking for directions." I lied.

"What?" he yelled back.

"Never mind" I hollered waving him off.

That was the last load before I took off for the bins. When I
returned the farmer's wife was back and took us all home for the
night.

I thought about that guy all night long. I jacked off four times
that night just thinking about what happened. And I wondered
again if I was turning queer. I grabbed a Penthouse magazine
under my mattress and looked a the naked women. I still got horny
for them, so I guess I wasn't turning queer all the way.

---

Next morning we headed out for McAllister's field at 7:00. Most
of the morning we greased the equipment and cleaned out straw and
stuff. It was kind of cool, and I felt a little chill in my
shorts. So I volunteered crawling up inside the combine to pull
straw. It was a little warm in there.

"I can see your nuts when you crawl in there," laughed Craig, the
cart driver.

"You're an asshole," I hollered back.

He just laughed at me and walked back to his tractor.

The farmer came around and told me that was all I needed to do.
He made me go and check the oil and water in the truck. As I was
under the hood I heard the combine start up, and glanced over to
watch the farmer take the tarp off the hopper where the grain was
stored before he emptied it into the cart. He pulled up to the
truck and unloaded the grain he had left directly into the truck.

He watched me as he unloaded, and I thought he might want me to
get up there and shovel. So I made a motion to start up on the
side, but he waved me off. Then he climbed down from the cab of
the combine while it was still unloading.

"Hey Bud, listen. You be careful when you talk to strangers
around here. Craig said you was talking to a guy on the side of
the road. You never know who you gonna run into on this highway,"
he instructed like a father.

"Oh, I'll be careful," I told him. But in my heart I was hoping
that one stranger came back today. I think his name was John. I
wonder who he was and where he's from.

Pretty soon the farmer's wife came by with lunch. After that
things started up since the sun had a chance to dry up the field
a bit. The combine took off first, and I was glad that Craig left
in the cart because I was tired of listening to his bullshit.
He'd been working for the farmer for longer than me and figure he
knew more than I did. I didn't give a shit and he knew it.

I was sitting back under the tree in the shade again thinking
about the Penthouse girls I was looking at in the magazine last
night. Of course, I was fiddling with myself again and playing
with my dick underneath my pants leg.

I heard the car pull up before I saw it. It shook me out of my
thoughts, and all of a sudden my heart started beating so hard I
could feel it in my chest. It was him. He waved from behind the
wheel, and got out of the car. This time he was wearing a neck
tie. I wondered what he did for a living.

When I stood up to greet him my dick popped out from beneath my
shorts. I didn't even try to hide it.

"Well, somebody's saying hello," he laughed. "Looks like you're
not shy today."

"Hey John" I greeted him. "I'm glad you're back."

"I bet you are. Looks like you are! Ha ha!" he laughed some more.

I quickly glanced over the hood of the truck to see where the
tractor and combine were. They were all the way to the other side
of the field so I knew we were safe.

"So, man, how you feeling today? Better, I hope." he smiled.

"Oh yeah, I'm feeling better. But you know, I can always use a
hand" I joked.

"Yeah, I can see that. I can give you one if you want."

I mustered up all my courage to say it: "I can give you a hand if
you want it, too."

He looked at me with the most gentle smile, "I would like that,
yes. But you first."

He sat down beside me just like yesterday, but this time he just
put his hand directly on my dick. He was so soft and gentle and
it felt so natural that I didn't even jump.

He began to pump me up and down and it started to feel so good.

"Here. Stand up." he instructed.

I did as he said and he unbuckled and unzipped my shorts and let
them fall to the ground. But he didn't stand up like yesterday.
He sat on the truck while I stood in front of him. He watched my
dick as he pumped it back and forth.

"Damn, I think you're getting bigger than yesterday," he said.

I felt proud and I believed I was bigger than yesterday, too. But
nowhere as big as him.

He pumped with one hand and began to massage my nuts with the
other. I never had anybody touch my nuts before, and I don't
remember if I ever touched them myself even. It felt fantastic
and I let my head hang back and closed my eyes letting the
feeling wash over me.

But then I felt something different that shocked me out of my
skin, and I literally jumped as I shot myself forward and saw him
leaning forward with my dick in his mouth! Holy shit, now I was
really queer. Or he was! Or one or maybe both of us is!

Crap, it felt soooo damn good. He would suck about three or four
inches into his mouth, and I felt his tongue tickling me just
under my head. I had to put my hands on his head to steady
myself. But then I realized my hips were going back and forth and
I was fucking his mouth.

He kept moaning and moaning and the vibrations on my dick were
shooting right down to my toes. And when they hit the bottom I
felt them crawling back up my legs.

When I felt the tingling in my nuts it felt stronger than ever
because he kept massaging my sack.

"John, uh John, I'm gonna..." I was trying to tell him I was
gonna shoot off, but it didn't look like he was listening.

Instead he kept humming and moaning and I couldn't hold back any
more. I started to shoot off RIGHT INSIDE OF HIS MOUTH! I was
feeling way too good to feel bad about shooting off with his
mouth around my dick.

And he never missed a lick, and I mean a lick because I felt his
tongue rubbing under my dickhead while I shot off. But pretty
soon I couldn't take his tongue any more and I tried to push his
head off and pull myself out of his mouth.

But he grabbed by butt and pushed me into his face, and his
tongue began licking all around my dick. I quit pushing back and
he kept licking and sucking me even though I wasn't nearly as
hard as I was.

Then he began to pull on my butt cheeks and massaging them like
he massaged my nuts. It all was feeling so damn good, and I could
feel his fingers just moving together behind me. I didn't think I
had that much feeling in my butt, but he sure made it feel good.

His fingers met and he started rubbing me under my nuts, not my
nuts, but just behind them. It kind of tickled, but it felt real
good.

I was lost in dreamland with this man sitting in front of me with
my dick in his mouth. And he looked like he was enjoying it as
much as I was. But what he did next almost shocked me out of my
skin, as if putting his mouth on my dick wasn't shocking enough!

He started playing with my asshole. Now my asshole is never
something I thought would ever make me feel good. It just takes a
shit, you know? But his fingers were playing around it, and man,
I started to feel funny in my dick.

Then he began poking my butthole with a finger, and the more he
poked the more I felt it in the base of my dick. Pretty soon he
pushed a little bit of his finger inside of me! I mean, inside of
my asshole! I wanted to think it was gross, but my dick had other
thoughts. It started to get hard.

Then he started pumping his finger in and out, and each time it
felt like he was getting deeper and deeper. It also felt like he
was pressing a button inside of me, a pleasure button. And it
felt good, damn good!

I was hard before I even knew it. His finger was inside of my
butt and my dick was in his mouth. I just couldn't figure it out,
but I didn't want to figure on anything except shooting off
again.

He popped my dick out of his mouth and grabbed it with his other
hand. I could see spit all over my dickhead, and he gripped it
tight and began to jack it off.

He was jacking me off with one hand and finger fucking my butt
with the other, and I was out of control. All I could think about
was shooting off, I watched my dick and just kept shouting "Oh oh
oh oh oh!"

And then before I could think of anything else I started shooting
off again. He didn't even move out of the way! He let me shoot
off all over his face! All over his fucking face! I couldn't even
be grossed out because I kept shooting and shooting with his
finger stuck all the way inside of me. It wasn't even pumping in
and out, it was just pressing on the back of my sack from the
inside.

I never felt anything like that before! It was fucking wonderful!

Soon, he popped his finger out of my butt and it smelled like
shit. I could smell it when he pulled it out. I didn't care. I
shot off. I got my rocks off, and his finger smelled like shit
and he had shoot off all over his face.

He pulled a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped his face
off, then he wiped his finger.

When he stood up to put his handkerchief back in his pocket I saw
the big bulge on the front of his pants. I don't know why I did
it, but I reached out and touched it. I felt its sides, I felt
how big it was. There's no way my hand would fit around that
thing.

"Take it out," he panted at me. I looked up at him and his eyes
were closed.

I sat down on the running board and began to unbuckle his belt.
Then I unsnapped his pants, unzipped them and pulled them down. I
reached my thumbs in the elastic of his boxers and tried pulling
them down, but his big dick was stuck in the elastic. I had to
unsnap them first, and then I was able to pull them down.

I looked at that massive dick in front of me, and I could swear
it was as long as my forearm. I tried putting my hand around it,
but I couldn't even reach all the way around it.

He moaned as I touched it and began to rub it underneath. I
pulled his skin back over that big head that looked like an
apple, like I said before, except it was deep purple.

I used two hands to hold it and move it back and forth.

"Oh shit you feel good," he groaned. He put his hand on my
shoulder and pushed his dick toward me. I kept jacking him off. I
was touching it. I wanted to touch it so bad yesterday and now I
was feeling it. It not only looked huge it felt huge! It felt
like it weighed ten pounds!

I put both my hands together and began to jack him up and down
faster. He grunted every time I pulled back toward his stomach.

I watched the giant head begin to glisten in the sun. It was
moist and looked more like an apple than even before. There was a
little drop of dew or something near his dick slit. It grew and
when I pulled the skin over it smeared all over his dick making
it slick.

The drop kept coming back, and I watched it intently until
finally, and I don't even know why I did it, I licked it. I did!
I licked it right off!

"Holy Shit!" he cried. "You gonna make me crazy, Bud!"

I felt like I had total control over him! It felt good, too! I
licked him again, and he groaned even louder! So I licked and
licked, and then I tried. I tried to put him in my mouth. There
was no way!

I tried stuffing him in my mouth, but could only get a part of
that apple in. I made my lips crawl around it and made my tongue
lick and lick and lick.

Then I remembered what he did, and I reached down and felt his
heavy balls in the palm of my hand. I lifted them up just a
little bit, and I heard his growls get deeper. Hell, this was
good! I started to very carefully massage his balls in my hand
and at the same time I licked like crazy.

I felt him pull away from me, but I kept the suction up on my
mouth.

"Bud, wait," he yelled and then pulled his dick out of my mouth
holding it at the base.

I put my other hand back with my other one and began to pump him
back and forth as much as I could until he couldn't stand it. And
it happened.

That big dick began shooting off. It shot off so much that it
must have gone nine feet! I swear it looked like somebody was
shooting a water gun! I pointed it away from me and pumped and he
kept shooting some more. I have no idea what I got so much
pleasure watching this man shoot his dick off, but it made me
horny as hell to see this.

Finally, he told me to stop, that he was sore. So I let him go an
watch his dick drop and swing between his legs. I just couldn't
take my eyes off of it, it was hypnotizing.

"Shit Bud, you are so damn good. I never came like that before,"
he said.

"Came where?" I asked him.

"Came - like had an orgasm, like shot off." he explained.

Never heard anyone say something like that before, and I kinda
thought it was funny.

"Shit, boy, you hard again? You never gonna get soft until you
get some pussy, huh?"

"Yeah, probably," I chuckled.

Without a word he pulled up his boxers and pants but didn't
buckle or snap anything. He got up and walked awkwardly to his
car. He reached in the passenger side window and opened his glove
box. He was looking for something and found it. He came back
holding what looked like a big tube of toothpaste.

He dropped his pants and boxers and sat back down, his big dick
hanging over the running board pointing to the ground.

"Want some pussy?" he asked as he unscrewed the cap on the
toothpaste.

"Shit yeah," I laughed. "You got some?"

"Kinda," he said squeezing the tube. What came out wasn't
toothpaste. It was clear. He squeezed some in his hand, and then
reached over to me with it.

I pulled back, and he told me it was alright. "It's lube."

Lube? Like for a tractor? What the shit do I need to lube my dick
for? But he began to rub it all over my hard on. Up and down and
all around, especially on my dick head. It felt good. Wasn't cold
or anything and it didn't smell. It just felt good with his hand
working it over.

Then he let me go and picked up his big dick with his other hand.
Then he began to rub that lube under his balls and in his
asshole. I saw him put one and then two fingers in his ass. I
couldn't believe it! I was wondering if I could put some lube in
my asshole. Maybe it would feel good to.

"Ready?" he said as he stood up.

"Yeah," was all I said, not even sure of what I was ready for.

"Then come here," he instructed motioning me closer to him, but
he turned around to face the truck. I was trying to figure out
what the hell he was doing, maybe gonna pee on the tire or
something.

Then he bent over and I could see his hairy ass in front of me,
and thought he was looking for something. I was going to bend
over and help him look and ask what he was looking for. But then
he reached beneath his legs and grabbed my dickhead. I jumped I
was so surprised!

He began to pump me, and I just stood there letting him. Then he
tried to pull me toward him, and I sort of stumbled before him a
little bit. He pulled me even closer until my dick was touching
him. Then he grabbed my balls gently, but pulled me even closer!
What the shit was going on?

But then I felt it. I felt him take my dickhead and put it right
on his butthole. I mean right on his butthole! I wanted to back
up, but he was rubbing by dickhead up and down and it felt too
damn good.

He leaned backward a little, then a little more and then I felt
it! I felt my dick going up in his ass! I swear to god, my dick
was going up inside of his asshole! Now I was really, really
grossed out! But shit it felt better than anything, I mean
anything I had ever felt before. Instead of wanting to pull out I
grabbed him by his hips and tried to go deeper.

"Not so fast, man. I'm tight and you're big!" he mumbled.

Not as big as him, but I felt huge inside that tight asshole. I
started to pump in and out when I slowed down a bit.

"You like than 'man pussy?'" he asked.

"SHIT YEAH!" I said riding up and down his asshole. Then all of a
sudden I just started shaking. I think it started in my dickhead
and traveled down the shaft until it bottomed out in my toes.
Then it shot all the way up to my head, and I could feel myself
wanting to shoot off real bad.

"You gonna come?" he hollered back at me.

I grunted, "Yeah, I think so," and desparately tried to hold off.
Then all of a sudden I felt him clinch his asshole around my dick
as if he was sucking me in, and it was all too much. I rammed
into his butt as hard as I could holding his hips with all my
might. I know I blacked out for a brief second because I could
see lights flashing in my eyes. I think I let out a scream or
something when I felt my dick start to pump all my white stuff up
this guy's ass.

I just kept humping away at him feeling like an animal. I didn't
even think of him as a human being anymore, just a place to put
my dick as deeply as possible.

I must have shot off a half-dozen times, and some of those I
don't think anything came out. My dick still felt hard even
though I didn't have any more to go. But I just left it where it
was while I tried to catch my breath.

John was breathing pretty hard, too, and for a while I was
wondering if I had hurt him.

When I was finally able to say anything I asked if he was OK.

"Yeah, man, I'm fine," he gasped, "how about you?"

"I'm good, too. Real damn good," I panted back.

"You were a wild man back there. You liked it a lot, huh?" He
kinda laughed.

"Yeah, man, I liked it a lot. A whole lot! Shit, I never felt
nothing like that before!"

Then he leaned forward a little bit, and as much as I hated it my
dick started to slip out of his asshole. It finally came out with
a pop, and it was covered with lube and my shoot off. I guess I
expected it to look and smell like shit, but it didn't. But the
smell was pretty bad anyway, like when we breed the bulls and
stuff.

He stood and turned around to look at me, and I guess I looked
like shit myself, all sweaty with a slimy dick. His big dick was
hard again, and he was holding it in his hand. I really didn't
know what to think, because I knew I wasn't going to get hard
again for a while, but if I did I'd want to shoot off again. So I
didn't know if he wanted me to jack him off or what.

Finally I asked, "Do you want to stick your dick in my ass?"
knowing that he'd probably tear me apart.

"Shit no, man, I can't do that," he laughed. "It would probably
kill you. Nah, I only stick it in women because they can take it
in their pussy better."

"You ain't queer?" I just blurted out without thinking. I mean he
jacked me off yesterday, sucked me today and just let me
butt-fuck him, so I thought he was queer.

"Hell no, I ain't queer!" He roared with laughter. "I just knew
you were in bad shape, so I thought I'd help you out. You thought
I was queer? Hah, my wife would get a laugh out of that."

"You married?" I was puzzled?

"Well, yeah, I'm married, but I ain't dead. I mean, I like pussy
a lot, a lot more than my wife can give. And sometimes when I
can't find pussy I find other ways to make myself feel good -
like you just did."

"You ever butt-fuck a guy?"

"Hah, no way. Like I said, I'd probably kill a guy sticking this
up his butt. But I like the way it feels when somebody butt fucks
me. Remember how I stuck my finger up your butt? Yeah, like that,
but a whole lot better."

He kept jacking himself while he was talking, so I asked him if
he wanted me to do that for him.

"Nah, I'm gonna do it fast because I gotta go." And he started to
really pump his big dick until it got harder and harder. And he
looked at my dick and I started to stroke it, but with all the
lube and having just shot off like a gallon I couldn't get hard.
But he watched me play with myself, and all of a sudden he let
out a grunt and I watched him shoot off over the truck, and then
all over the tire.

When he was finished he pulled his boxers and pants back up,
tucked his shirt in and walked to his car.

"See you later, Bud. Glad you liked it. Now go find a girl and
get some real pussy. Trust me they feel real good."

I hollered at him "Hey, ain't you coming back this way? I mean,
this ain't our farm. We farm off of Highway 14 about seven miles
from here."

"Yeah, if I get out that way I'll look you up, ok?"

I felt kind of heartbroken. I mean, I don't think I was queer,
but it sure felt good how he made me feel, and I think I could
use a little bit of it every day.

So I watched as he got in his car and started it up. He put it in
gear then pulled up a little bit until he could see me through
the passenger window.

He hollered at me, "You got a pretty dick, Bud. And it taste
good. Maybe I'll come by and taste it again if it's OK with you."

I shook my head as hard as I could still fiddling with my dick.

Then he waved and took off. I watched the baby blue Chevy
disappear down the highway before I realized that I was half
naked standing by the road.

I hurried and hitched my pants back up, and then climbed on the
running board to see where the rice cart was. Everybody was still
on the other side of the field, but before too long the cart
started coming my way.

After Craig had emptied his rice into my truck he put his tractor
into idle and shouted at me "Who was that guy?"

I sat on the rail of the truck bed and said "That was my friend
John. He came by to say hi. We talked for a while."

"Yeah, stayed for pretty long, huh?"

"Well, ain't got nothing else to do. Might as well talk with a
friend, huh?"

He slammed his tractor into gear and yelled "Yeah, I guess," and
then opened the throttle and headed back into the field.

Later that afternoon I headed to the bins with the last load from
the field. Tomorrow we would be back on our farm, and my fun on
the side of the highway would be a nice memory.

I kept waking up all night long thinking about John, and every
time I did I had to jack off some more. I hardly got any sleep. I
didn't know if I was turning queer or not, but I started to
really miss him and the fun we had together. I know he was an
older guy, oh yeah, and he was married too. So I know that
there's nothing that would go on for a long time anyway, but I
just wanted to have a few more days of fun.

The next morning I could barely wake up. I finally got out in the
barnyard at 7:00, and Craig gave me the evil eye, like "where you
been?" I ignored him and went to get my grease gun to help lube
the combine.

"Your friend coming back today?" Craig asked in kind of a snippy
voice.

"Nah, probably not. He was just on his way somewhere when he
stopped. Said he was surprised to see me right there." I lied my
ass off. I didn't give a shit. Craig was an asshole, so I didn't
care.

Around eleven we headed for the fields right behind the tractor
shed. It was only 15 acres so we probably wouldn't be here all
day. It was close to my house and the farmer's house, and it was
also close to the neighbor's kids which sucked.

Sure enough, I'm sitting in the shade of the truck and three of
the little brats come to sit with me. They started fighting over
shit like sticks and rocks. I told them they had to leave because
it was dangerous to sit under a truck like this, and it probably
was.

"Aw screw you, this ain't dangerous at all," they mocked me. I
chased them off and they ran away.

I was enjoying the solitude and thinking a lot about John. My
dick of course was hard as a rock, and I fiddled with it while I
had my cap over my eyes.

"Hey there," came a voice that made me jump up at once. No, it
wasn't John like I hoped. It was another kid from one of the
houses, but he was not a brat like the others. He was a little
bit older and pretty friendly. He was dressed almost like me in a
t-shirt, cutt-off blue jeans and tennis shoes.

"Hey," I hollered back. "I'm Bud."

"Yeah, I'm Shane," he said. "Saw you driving the big truck. Is it
hard?"

I wondered if he was talking about driving the truck or something
else.

"Nah, driving's not hard," I replied. "So what, you 17, 18?"

"Hah, nah, I'm just 13," he answered with a chuckle.

"Well, you look bigger." I was puzzled - what was making me say
these things? But then I looked down at his pants and I could
swear he had a hard on. Man, my mind started to go crazy.

"Wanna sit in the shade," I offered.

"Yeah, sure," he said, and I scooted over as he bent over to sit
down. That's when I could easily make out the outline of his dick
in his pants. Yeah, he sure was hard.

"Kinda nice under here, huh? Yeah, I just wait for the cart to
fill me up, then I head out to the bins to unload. Wanna ride
when I go?" I asked.

"Hey, yeah, sure, that would be cool," he sounded excited.

"Yeah, only thing missing here is girls, right?" I joked.

"Shoot yeah, ain't a girl around here for miles. Sucks not to
have girls around," he sighed.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," and I glanced over at him as I
began to rub and grab myself through my pants. "Been so long I'm
about to dry up."

He laughed and watched me rub myself. At first he didn't really
do anything, but then he started to get comfortable and was
finally rubbing himself just a little bit, almost so slow you
couldn't really tell. But his hand was definitely over his dick.

"You gotta girlfriend?" I asked point blank.

"Nah, not really. I mean I like them, but I ain't got one that I
go with or anything. I mean I'm only 13 and all, so I don't
really get to do anything with them. But I'd like to!" he said
excitedly.

"Yeah, what would you like to do with them? You would kiss them?"
I aksed

"Shoot yeah," he replied.

"Touch em? Touch their tits and stuff."

"Aw man, if they'd let me!"

"Maybe take their clothes off and see then naked?"

"God damn, talk about! I'd love to see a naked girl in real
life!" he gushed.

"How about get them to suck on your dick, or maybe jack you off?"
I was pushing it.

"Awww, man, I'd go crazy for that." And he really started to rub
himself. I could see his hard on outlined perfectly in his jeans.
Didn't look to be too small.

"Yeah, if they did that they'd probably let you fuck them, too.
Ain't nothing like fucking a good hairy pussy," I imagined out
loud. But he didn't know I ain't never fucked one either. Didn't
matter because he was jacking himself off inside his pants.

"Yeah man," I continued, "somtimes when I think about pussy I
just gotta relieve myself, you know what I mean?" And with that I
slipped my hard dick out from under my pants leg and began to
jack off right in front of him.

Now, I know there's no way I would have done anything like that
before meeting John. My dick was my private territory and I
didn't share it with anybody. But John taught me how to make
myself feel good and let others make me feel good.

Shane grabbed his dick and held on to it and just stared openly
at mine. He didn't say anything for a few seconds but watched me
rub my hand up and down my shaft.

"God damn, you got a big one, man! Shit, that thing's huge! Look
at the size of your head! How long is it?" The kid couldn't shut
up. He just kept going on and on about my dick, and it made me
feel better and better.

"Shit it ain't all that big, but it does feel good being out in
the open like this. I love jacking my dick outside. Ain't nothing
like it." And I looked at him through the corner of my eyes to
see what he would do. He rubbed himself a bit more and kept his
eyes on my dick.

Then he looked down at his crotch and started to fiddle a bit.
When I finally turned my head and looked over I saw he had taken
his whole dick out and was rubbing up and down too.

I was surprised to see how big he was, too. Not too much smaller
than mine, to tell you the truth. It was smooth and looked kind
of pretty. And man, he was hard as a fucking rock!

"See, told you that feels good, huh? Man, you got a nice size
dick yourself."

He looked at me excitedly and said "You think so? You think I'm
big, too?"

"Hell yeah you big. Look at that thing. Put it next to mine and
compare."

And I turned sideways to point my dick to him and he turned and
put his right by mine. Yeah, he was a little smaller, but not by
much.

But when our dicks touched I swear I almost shot off! Shit that
felt fantastic! I began to rub myself leaning sideways like that
and kind of feeling him at the same time. Then I rubbed my dick
on his dick just a little, kind of like it was by accident, but
his hair tickled me.

"Shit, this feels kind of good, huh?" I finally said.

"Uh huh" was all he could manage to say.

All of a sudden the little bastard started shooting off! Started
shooting off all over my dick and stuff! I watched that little
dick spasm and spurt, and the white stuff was all over the place.

"Oh sorry, sorry, man," he grunted. But he kept pumping away and
finally pulled on it to drain the last drop.

"Man, I'm so sorry," he said. "I ain't never done nothing like
that with nobody. Man that felt great!"

"Well, you got your shit all over me" I acted like I was mad.
"Look man, it's all over my dick and stuff."

"I'm sorry, man, what do you want me to do. Clean it up? Here."
And he leaned in to wipe it off with his hand. I held my hard
dick out so he could wipe it off, and as he was doing it I kept
pushing my dick into his hand. He would wipe and I would push.
Finally, I really pushed it into his hand where he had no choice
but to hold. it.

Holy crap, the light bulbs started flashing in my head. It was
just like being with John all over again. This kid was holding my
dick, and I felt fantastic.

"Well, go ahead," I said. And I turned back over on my back and
let go of my dick, but his hand never left.

"Shit it's big!" he said in awe. And he began to pump it up and
down. I knew I wasn't going to last too long. I closed my eyes
trying to think of something else so I could keep this feeling
going.

"Shane, Momma said you gotta... OH MY GOD, WHAT ARE Y'ALL DOING?"
It was a girl's voice that sounded so far away at first and then
pounded between my ears. I popped my eyes open and there stood a
cute girl dressed almost identically to Shane and looked
something like her.

The boy and I both scrambled to cover up, but I know she saw
everything. Still, I wasn't going to let myself hang out in front
of a girl.

"Oh, I, uh, look, Sherry, look, I uh, shit, look" Shane mumbled
and stuttered not knowing what to do.

She quickly turned around in place with her back to use and just
screamed "What were you doing? Oh my god! What were you two
doing?"

"Just playing, I promise," Shane pleaded while buckling his
pants. "I promise we were just playing around. It was nothing
going on. Please don't tell Momma. Please. I'll do anything you
want."

When I finally came to some sort of sense I yelled at her above
her screaming, "Who the hell are you?"

"That's my sister," replied Shane.

"I thought you said there was no girls around?"

"She ain't no girl; she's my sister."

"The hell she ain't! She's a girl all right," I said excitedly.

"I was talking about big girls, pretty girls," Shane said
disdainfully.

"Well, she looks pretty big to me," I said looking at her chest,
which looked like she had at least some small boobs. "And she
looks pretty to me, too."

Then she turned part way around to look at me. Her face still
looked mad, but I could tell she wasn't as mad as she was letting
on.

"Yeah, what did Momma want?" Shane asked snapping his pants.

"She said you gotta bring the peas to Miss Helen..." and before
she could finished Shane yelled "Oh yeah!" and before he could
finish dressing he ran off without another word.

I finished buttoning my pants, and when I looked up she was
standing in front of me facing me.

"What were you two really doing?" she asked.

"Like he said we were just messing around. Just guy stuff." I
replied trying not to make a big deal out of it.

"You a homo?" she blurted.

"Oh hell no, I ain't no homo!" I yelled at her, but then quickly
thinking how for the last three days I played with other guys'
dicks, and then wondered if I were telling the truth.


"But I saw Shane and he was touching..." she began.

"Yeah, that's all. He just wanted to see mine cuz he heard it was
big," I lied.

"But he got one of his own."

"Yeah, well I dont know." I trailed off.

"Well, I'm glad you're not a homo," she said.

"Why is that?" I asked.

"Just 'cause. I mean," she started blushing, "I dunno."

"How old are you?" I asked trying to change the subject.

"Thirteen," she replied. "You?"

"I'm fifteen. I'm Bud," I offered.

"Sherry," she said.

"I know."

"I knew your name was Bud, too." she said as she gave me a little
crooked smile.

"What?" I was puzzled.

"I'm so embarrassed." she put her face in her hands.

"What? C'mon. It's ok. Tell me." I felt the butterflies in my
stomach wondering what she was going to say."

"I kinda been watching you from the house. I see you when you
work in the morning. Sometimes when you shovel you don't wear a
shirt. I kinda wanted to meet you, but I was afraid you'd think I
was a little girl."

"Well, I think you ain't no little girl, that's for sure. I think
you're cute. I like you."

I saw her blush.

"Well, I gotta go home. Momma's gonna wonder what I been doing."
And she started to go.

"Hey, wait a minute. Which house is yours? Where do you live in
case I might wanna come visit or something."

"That white one way over there," she said as she pointed to a
house about 200 feet down the gravel road.

I looked at the house and then it was like I got punched in the
stomach. There sitting by the house was a very familiar looking
car. It was a blue Chevy! It was just like the Chevy I had seen
the past couple of days when my "education" started.

"Who... who's that car for? Who drives that Chevy over there?" I
pointed crazily trying to keep my emotions together.

"What car? Oh that one! That's Uncle John's car. He's visiting
for a few days. You know him. He said he already met you. He's a
great guy. He knows so much, and he teaches me a lot. He acts
like my Daddy since I never knew my real one. I love when he
comes to visit. He treats me like a princess. He's seen you
before. I know you didn't know it. When he got here on Monday he
saw you working on the combine and asked who you were. I kinda
got stupid and told him that I didn't know. But he knew that I
liked you. He can tell that kind of stuff. So we talked about you
and stuff. He told me I should come and get to know you better."

I know my mouth was hanging open as she was talking. I heard the
cart pull up to the truck, but I didn't even make a move to go
shovel.

"Yeah, he said that he talked to you. Did he? That's what he
said. I shouldn't even tell you this, but we talked a lot about
you last night."

"Yeah, yeah, I talked to him, I guess." My face started burning.

"Well, I told him that I wanted to meet you, and he said I should
go and talk to you. I told him I didn't think that I could do
that, and he said you were just a boy and that you'd probably
like to meet me too. "

"I feel kind silly that I shocked you when I got here. I knew
Shane was gonna try to do something with you. He's a little
asshole and likes to play nasty with people, but mostly the
little boys around the house. I knew when he was talking to you
for a long time that he was going to want to play with you naked.
He just likes that. Make me play with him too. It just feels
weird with my brother though.

"I'm glad we finally met," she said with a sly smile on her face.

"Me too!" was all I could say.

"Hey, you little asshole. Boss man ain't paying you to talk to
your girlfriend all day. You better get up there and shovel that
rice," Craig yelled at me as he came around the truck.

"Fuck you," I shouted at him, and I turned toward Sherry. "Maybe
I could see you later tonight? Would it be ok if I came over."

"Oh yeah!" she exclaimed. "Uncle John would probably like to see
you again anyway."

I bet he would, I thought to myself as I touched her hand and
then climbed up on the truck. I watched her skip to her house as
I shoveled rice. Then I looked and saw John waiting at the gate
for her. He waved at me, and I gave a weak wave back.

This is gonna be weird, I thought.

---

Read the rest of Vargas stories at
http://www.asstr.org/~Lance_Vargas/