Bob was sick and tired of the big city. He had made a 
lot of money and decided to make a change in his life. 
He checked the internet and read about the Ozarks. In 
the city he was just another good looking guy. 

He would make the rounds most nights and had no problem 
finding good looking well built women who ended up 
fucking his bigger than average cock. He was getting 
bored and wondered what women would be like in the 
boonies. The pictures of young women and girls with 
babies fascinated him and he heard that incest was not 
unusual. Oh yeah, this he needed to try.

He bought one of the nice homes along Hog Creek and set 
out to explore the small town. He liked what he saw, a 
slower more natural pace and people were very friendly. 

He noticed families out eating and there would be a 
young girl holding a baby. Bob's fantasies ran wild and 
he wondered if the father had fucked her or if it was 
her mother's baby she was holding. The print dresses 
the women and girls wore and the lack of make up turned 
him on. He wondered if they shaved their cunts and 
imagined the baby's sucking their milk filled tits. He 
couldn't wait to get home to jack off.

One day Bob took some clothes to the only laundry/dry 
cleaner in town. He parked his Jaguar convertible in 
front of the old run down building and went in. What a 
mess, half the machines were out of service. A young 
woman in her teens was bent over a basinet changing a 
baby. Bob stood patiently at the counter with his 
clothes. 

When the girl finished she straightened up and meet him 
at the counter. She was tall and slender and wore old 
faded jeans cut so low he had to take his eyes from her 
navel. Working his eyes up he saw she wore no bra and 
her tits were leaking a little milk on her t shirt. 
When he got to her face he saw a big smile on a pretty 
face. No make up and long brown hair. 

He stammered and, to cover up his ogling, commented on 
how cute her baby was. She thanked him and remarked 
what a nice car he had as she looked out the fly 
specked window. After she filled out his cleaning 
ticket she lit a cigarette, took a deep drag, and said 
most of the guys around town drove old pick up trucks 
that looked like rusted out pieces of shit that were 
full of empty beer cans in the bed.

He laughed and said that he guessed he was over dressed 
and needed a pick up truck. She looked him in the eye 
and said he was just fine, more than fine, the way he 
was. He loved her drawl. She said if he had any 
questions about anything to let her know. Just then the 
baby started to cry and she said to excuse her and she 
picked up the baby to nurse in the back room.

Every time Bob went in she smiled and Bob always 
commented on how pretty her baby was. It turned out her 
name was Jenny and the baby was Jane. On one of his 
visits she had him go to the back room with her. 
Business was slow. It was hot and humid and, as he 
followed her, he feasted his eyes on her short cut offs 
and beautiful long legs. He wondered how she would look 
naked with her long legs spread for his hard cock.

She asked if he would like to hold Jane while she 
smoked and he said he would love to. As she bent over 
to give him little Jane he could see her tits and 
nipples moving in her t shirt. She sat back in the 
chair opposite from him and stretched as she lit up and 
inhaled deeply and crossed her long legs.

She said that the local guys were a bunch of dumb ass 
holes and she loved a man who liked babies. He said 
that the world would be a better place if babies were 
shown real love by the man and woman as he gently 
stroked her little face with his gentle fingers. She 
said that was a beautiful comment and he was different 
from the guys around here.

Bob told her that, if her husband didn't mind, he would 
like to buy her a drink and talk more away from work if 
she didn't mind. She said lets do it and got up and 
locked the door. She asked if he would mind giving her 
a ride home with the top down. She grabbed a hidden 
bottle from the drawer, the baby and got in the car. 

Bob fired up the Jag's V-12 engine and roared off, 
shifting through the gears and listening to the Abarth 
exhaust system. Jenny was laughing and drinking and 
said it had been awhile since she had tied one on. Her 
hair was blowing and she was yelling against the wind 
that this was fucking hot.

By the time they got to her cabin by Hog Creek she was 
a little drunk. She was having the most fun in years 
she said.

Bob got her inside and she put the baby to sleep in the 
bedroom and came out to the kitchen table. She leaned 
over to get a beer out of the frig and her legs spread 
and he could see dark cunt hair barely covered by the 
short cut offs.

She said she wasn't married and never had been. She 
said the shit head father of Jane thought that foreplay 
was taking his cock out of his pants and laughed. She 
said not only was he a lousy fuck but knocked her up. 
Then her drunken parents kicked her out. She said you 
can leave now if this has offended you. Bob reached 
over and took her hand and kissed it.

He said that, to continue showing babies love; he had 
loving thoughts about it but was afraid it might offend 
her. She said she wanted to hear it all and she 
wouldn't be offended.

Bob said his idea was to show love right away. For the 
mother and father to sleep nude with the baby. For them 
to make love while the baby nursed. Jenny jumped right 
in with a slur and said that's what she thought, for 
the baby to see that a hard cock and a wet cunt were 
signs of love.

Bob saw where this was going and said not only should 
the baby see her parents fuck but that the husband 
should let the baby see him nurse her tit and watch him 
kiss her fucked pussy and drink their love juices. 
Jenny said that the baby would share their love by 
tasting cum, maybe from the mother's tits but from 
daddy's cock head.

Bob suggested that for a final act of love, after the 
baby licked her mother's cum filled cunt and tasted 
daddy's cock head that daddy would work his cock in her 
little cunt as soon as she was old enough.

Jenny staggered to her feet and pulled her top off and 
dropped her cut offs. Bob stood up and undressed and 
stood naked facing Jenny, his cock huge and throbbing. 
Jenny said she thought he was the most perfect man and 
would he like to start showing love? He said he was 
theirs to love as he stroked his dripping cock.

Jenny lay down by the baby and Jane started nursing. 
Bob lay down next to her and took the other nipple and 
nursed. Jenny had him rub his wet cock head on the tit 
he was sucking on and the let Jane suck his pre cum off 
her other tit. 

While Jane was sucking pre cum and milk, Jenny had Bob 
rub his swollen cock head on Jane's nursing mouth. Jane 
turned her head and licked the dripping cock head. 
Jenny said it was such a loving thing for her baby to 
learn to suck cock.

She said her cunt was so fucking wet and hot that she 
needed some big cock. While Jane nursed tit Bob entered 
her sloppy hairy cunt. Jenny screamed to fuck her mommy 
cunt hard and fill her with fucking cum. His big cock 
started to pump stream after stream of cum deep into 
her hungry cunt.

Then Bob took baby Jane and put her between mommy's 
spread legs and the baby licked the cum as it ran from 
her mother's freshly fucked cunt. Jenny told Jane to 
fucking eat cum and someday she would be a little cock 
sucker. 

Just then Jane found her mommy's clit and started 
sucking and Jenny had another tremendous orgasm, cum 
rushing into baby's mouth. When Bob saw this his cock 
was so hard, again, that he rubbed it over Jane's ass 
and tiny cunt until he exploded again.

Jenny set Jane on her face and was licking the cum off 
her bottom and cunt when she started to piss. Jenny 
drank the baby piss and told Bob it tasted pretty 
fucking good.

As they lay nude together, Jane between them, dozing 
off, Bob said he would stay with them as a family. 
Jenny said that she dreamed of the day that she could 
watch Bob get his cock sucked off and fuck Jane's cunt.

What a perfect family.