“Er...you need to...er....spread your legs a bit," Harry blushed, "so I can..."

“But of course," Snape complied, moving his feet. Whilst it gave Harry the opportunity to dry the man's inner thighs (taut, covered with dark hair, positively throbbing with muscles) it also had the added advantage of lowering the man's crotch until his rigid cock was mouth level. Harry whimpered and carefully rubbed the T-shirt up his pelvis, deliberately not touching the slightly swaying ball sack or the cock that positively screamed to be sucked.

"Is anything the matter, Sir?" Snape asked cooly, his hands hanging relaxed near Harry's face. Harry shook his head, bit his lip and quickly dried off the rest of his body, trying not to pay particular attention to the deliciously pert nipples peeking out from their hairy nest.

"Turn around," Harry said and drew in a sharp breath as the professor complied, exposing swathes of white, firm flesh. Broad, gently sloping shoulders, tiny bumps of vertebra leading temptingly down to a rounded, supple arse. Drops of water peppered Snape's back, and Harry resisted the temptation to remove them, one by one, with his tongue.

“Still cold?" Harry whispered as he drew the shirt over the man's neck and shoulders.

Snape lowered his head, exposing more of his neck. "No, Sir."

“What do you feel now?" Harry said as his hand glided up and down Snape's back, feeling the wiry muscles twitch minutely.

“The same, Sir."

"Potter."

“Sir Potter."

“Snape!" Harry whined. Severus half-turned, and with a voice that launched a thousand wet-dreams asked, "What would you like me to do now?"

“Let me suck you off," jumped immediately to Harry's mind, followed by "No, you suck me off then fuck me. Wait, I'll suck you off then fuck you, then you can fuck me."

“Er..." Harry said.

Snape's dark eyes trailed down Harry's body until they came to rest on the considerable bulge in his pants. "Seems like you’re having a bit of problem – perhaps you need relieve that discomfort?"

“Or you could!” Harry blurted out then bit his lip. God, he hated having a conscience. "I wouldn't want you to do anything you'll regret later. Or get me hexed six ways from Sunday later."

“Who said I'd regret it?" Snape asked, the pointed tip of his tongue moving swiftly over his upper lip.

“Snape, you're not thinking straight right now. You're going to hate yourself when the potion wears off. You're going to hate me even more!"

“Ask me to do something you think I would never do," Snape said.

Again, Harry's brain screamed the word "Suck!" but he manfully ignored the organ. Well, that and another organ. "Um, stand on one leg and compose a poem about Ron's beauty."

Snape arched an eyebrow.

“Er...you're not doing it."

Snape arched his other eyebrow.

“So, you...um...have some control, then?"

“I am open to suggestion. Very open to suggestion, but there are limits. I cannot do something that is totally against the grain. And I cannot instigate."

“You seem to know a lot about this," Harry mumbled, beginning to be foolish.

"I am a Potions master after all. I’ve been testing the boundaries of the potion since I realized I was not myself. Sir," Snape smirked. "Now, what would you have me do?"