“Eduardo, what the hell?” Mark grabbed him by his waist and lifted him back into a standing position.

Eduardo leaned against the doorjamb. “Fuck, sorry. I'm. Really tired. Can I come in?”

“You're already half in. I don't think you're tired, I think you're drunk.”

Eduardo nodded. He looked through blurry eyes and saw Mark was wearing just his boxers and gray t-shirt with the word 'Harvard' across his chest, his glasses halfway down his nose. He grinned stupidly. “You look cute. Can I come in?”

“You already said that.” Mark stepped to the side to let Eduardo in.

He reached over on flicked on the lights in the living room and Eduardo howled. “No, lights bad, very bad!”

Mark rolled his eyes and turned them back off. Eduardo managed to find his couch from pure memory alone and collapsed on it.

“Why are you here?” Mark paused. “You look like shit.” But he didn't say it in a cruel way.

Eduardo laughed. “Kinda feel that way, too.” He laid back along the cushions and closed his eyes. “I didn't want to go home.” He jumped when he felt something cold touch his hand. Mark was holding out a bottle of water to him. He hadn't even noticed him go to the kitchen. He took it and sat up as Mark sat down on the coffee table. He took a drink, and licked at his dry lips. “Did I ever tell you my father is a complete asshole?”

Mark just looked down at him, his expression unreadable in the dark light. “No.”

Eduardo nodded. “I think I was about ten when he decided I was a lost cause. I had a bit of a attention problem. It took lots of tutoring and medication before I managed to make the grades I do now. I wasn't good at sports, I didn't have many friends. Or maybe he'd decided I was going to be a loser long before that, I don't know.” Eduardo took another drink and snorted, some water spilling from his lips. “Probably when I was born.” He didn't know why that was funny.

He looked over at Mark and sighed. “I don't know why I care what he thinks.”

Mark opened his mouth and Eduardo stopped him. “Today's my birthday. Or yesterday was. What time is it?”

“Four am.”

“Shit. Can I use your phone?”

Eduardo called Chris and told him he was alright after listening to a rather lengthy lecture. He asked him, well, begged him, if he would back up his story that he was staying with him if he's mom called and he said he already had.

“Thanks, man. I'm really sorry about tonight, I was a dick.”

“Yeah, well. At some point you're going to have to tell me why you've been such a dick for weeks now.”

Eduardo laughed. “Yeah, I will.”

When he got off the phone Mark had gone into his bedroom. Eduardo walked down the dark hallway and found him in bed with the tv on, bright light flickering over his face.

“Hey.”

Mark looked over and nodded at him. “Get everything sorted?”

“Yeah.”

Mark pulled the covers back. “Come here.”

Eduardo bit his lip and held back a grin. He kicked off his shoes, took off his pants and his shirt and laid down next to Mark. He looked up at him from where he was sat up against the headboard.

“I'm not good for you.” Mark said, staring at the tv. Eduardo didn't say anything.

“I'm sorry about your dad. My dad is, well, he was pretty nice to me. I never really had problems with my parents. I never had problems disappointing them, it was always more about disappointing myself. And I did. In college. I had, I had the chance to do something big and I blew it. It all just went to shit and then I started teaching because I felt like I had to do something with all the knowledge in my head.” Mark took a deep breath and Eduardo stayed quiet because he'd never heard Mark really talk about himself before. It made his heart pound faster.

“I'm really not good for you. I've never been good for anyone. I don't know why, I just. I can't seem to do anything but want.” Mark looked down at Eduardo. “I've never had to be good for anyone before.”

Eduardo sat up, his legs sliding across the sheets and brushing Mark's. He relaxed, his back hunched over, and rested his forehead on Mark's shoulder. “I'm eighteen, now.”

Mark chuckled, the sound vibrated against his skull.

“I should feel grown up. I feel like an idiot.” He sighed, pushing his face into Mark's neck and breathing in. “But I'm old enough to know what I want.”

“Did you just like me telling you what to do?”

Eduardo took a moment to really thinking about it. “At first.”

“Would you want to keep doing that?”

Eduardo nodded. “But not all the time.” He hummed in the back of his throat, let his lips run over the soft skin below Mark's ear. “I like this. I like you.”

“But I'm a dick.” Mark said, laughing a little.

“Mark, I don't know if you realized this yet, but I like dicks.” Mark laughed harder, at that. He flipped off the tv and laid down.

“I'm not much of a cuddler.” It was so dark Eduardo could only hear him and see a vague outline of him against the light coming from the window. With the tv off Eduardo's eyes felt even heavier than before, and he felt even more exhausted.

“It's okay. I am.” He slid a hand over Mark's side and rested it on the curve above his hip. “But we can start slow.”

His eyes were open when he felt Mark's lips on his, and he gasped, surprised. Oh, fuck. It had been way too long since that had happened. He kissed him back, slowly, sucking on his lips and just moving his mouth, moving nothing else. Mark kissed him like he was trying to tell him something he couldn't say out loud, and he moved his hand up to cup his jaw gently.

Eduardo broke away, because he had to yawn, and Mark laughed again. “That's nice, thank you. I'm glad my kissing skills put you to sleep.”

Eduardo pinched him at his side and told him to shut up. Holy shit he was happy, really happy, but he was really, really tired.

That night he had a dream someone told him they wanted to be good for him.

- -

When he woke up in the morning Mark was gone. Eduardo sat up in bed, blurry eyed and hungover to hell, and managed to make it to the bathroom before he threw up. It was only when he returned to the bedroom did he see the trash can next to the bed. He smiled to himself and then felt another wave of nausea hit him so he had to go back into the bathroom.

He brushed his teeth with his finger when he was done and looked up at the mirror to see Mark had left a post it stuck to it.

At work.
-M
Don't puke all over the place while I'm gone.

Shit, school. Yeah, well. He was definitely not going there today. Eduardo spit in the sink and rinsed out his mouth before he took a shower.

He couldn't stop smiling.

No, he really could not stop smiling.

He looked down at his body as he washed and thought about what it had looked like before he and Mark, well, whatever. How he couldn't run his hands over a part of himself without finding a reminder of Mark. He missed it. He wanted Mark to tattoo him with his mouth again. This time he wouldn't fuck it up.

Eduardo got hard thinking about it, thinking about Mark coming home. Just about Mark coming home, really. He rested his forehead against the cool tile and tried to calm himself before he lost control and jerked off. Eduardo had the crude thought his cock belonged to Mark again, and it wasn't his choice to touch it.

He dried off and put on a pair of Mark's pajamas pants and another Harvard t-shirt. He thought Mark probably had bought them in bulk or something. He ran a hand through his hair and let it do what it wanted to. He should call his mother.

“Mãe , I know.” He said when she answered. “No, I'm at school.” Yeah, so he was lying. “No I'm fine. I'm fine. Mãe, I wanted to call before I came home because I wanted to say I'm sorry about last night.” She started speaking Portuguese and he fell into it easily after that.

He told he had acted like a dick, then laughed when she told him not to use such crude language. He told he loved her, and that he really wanted her to know that. She started to sound like she was going to cry.

“Mãe, please. Okay, I'm taking you out this weekend to make up for it. No, no excuses. I don't care about him, yeah? When was the last time he took you anywhere that didn't have to do with his job? Yeah. I love you, too.”

He told her he had to help Dustin study for a test and would be home late. So, one more lie. He definitely wasn't crying a little himself when he hung up.

He spent the rest of the day watching tv and waiting for Mark. He tried to go online but Mark had his desktop double password protected or something. There wasn't anything to eat except dry ramen so he had it for lunch once his stomach settled. His eyes glanced over at the clock one too many times during the day.

It was really weird, being in Mark's space. It felt as indifferent and as odd as Mark himself. There were only a couple pictures in frames of girls with his nose and his hair, and an older woman who had his mouth. Eduardo smiled at them. They looked nice.
At some point he fell asleep on the couch because next thing he knew Mark was at the door with bags of groceries. He stood there for a moment as Eduardo sat up, looking at him a bit nervously before his mouth quirked up a little.

“Honey, I'm home.”

Eduardo blushed, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and yawning. “Hey.” He walked over to the dining room table as Mark set the bags down. “You went shopping.”

“I went shopping.” Mark said matter of factly. He put his keys and his bag down and looked at Eduardo as he looked through the groceries. “Did I say you could wear my clothes?”

“Um.”

“I'm joking.”

Eduardo smirked at him. “I'm not wearing any underwear, if it helps.”

Mark raised an eyebrow at him and shrugged. “Possibly.”

“What if I cook you dinner?” Eduardo asked, walking around the table and leaning into Mark. God, he smelled good. And his tie was off, his collar undone. He wanted him to fuck him right on the table but he thought he shouldn't rush things.

“What do you think all of this is for? I don't cook.” Mark kissed his neck, quickly but hotly, and walked past him to the couch. He pulled out his laptop and Eduardo rolled his eyes. Time for cooking, then.

- -

“How was it?” Eduardo asked. Mark hadn't bought him much to work with. Some dry pasta, canned sauce and frozen garlic bread. He told him he could have made it all from scratch with the right ingredients and Mark had looked at him like that was the craziest idea in the world.

Mark nodded, still typing at his laptop which was sitting next to a empty plate of spaghetti on the coffee table.

That was an answer, Eduardo guessed. He took the plate and his own into the kitchen, figuring he should wash them because Mark didn't seem like the type to get to dishes right away. He was busy thinking he should probably get home, even though he didn't want to, and soaping up the sponge at the sink when Mark stepped behind him and kissed his neck.

Eduardo's mouth opened and his head fell back. Mark gripped his waist, pulled him closer, and Eduardo could feel him, hard, on his ass. He groaned, pressing back, and fuck, Mark wanted him and he wanted Mark and the dishes could wait.

“Don't turn around.” Mark breathed against his neck. “Keep washing, I want those plates to shine.”

Eduardo bit his bottom lip and moved the sponge clumsily over the plate in his hand as Mark licked and sucked his way over the back of his neck. His hands slid down, down, further until he reached into his pants and gripped his cock.

“Fuck.” Eduardo cried out. He was so sensitive, he'd been thinking about Mark touching him all day.

“Did you miss this?”

Eduardo nodded. Mark was grinding his own dick against his ass and Eduardo could barely think let alone wash the plates.

“Don't stop. If you stop, I stop.” Eduardo kept scrubbing, and Mark stroked him slowly from base to tip.

“Mark, please.”

“I forgot what a little slut you are. How you always beg. Were you thinking about this today?”

“Yes.”

“So was I. I was at my desk, looking at your empty seat, thinking about having you here at my house. I could keep you here, make you my kept pet. Use you whenever I wanted. Would you like that?” Mark jerked him harder, faster, and Eduardo dropped the plate in the sink.

“I guess you would.”

“Mark, God, I-”

Mark pulled his hand away and Eduardo whimpered, missing his touch so bad, until he felt Mark grip the waist of his pants and yank them down. He wanted to turn around but he couldn't, but he could hear Mark spit on his hand and oh, fuck, he was spreading him open and then.

“God.” Eduardo groaned as Mark pushed two fingers deep inside, reaching around with his other hand to grip his cock again. He ran his mouth down his neck, kissing it wet and sloppy, breathing hot into his ear.

“You're such a greedy whore. You want to be tied up and kept, Eduardo? You want me to keep you? To fuck you whenever I want, whenever I please? With my mouth, my fingers, my cock, would you like that?” His fingers curved inside him and Eduardo couldn't answer because he was coming. White hot heat ran down his spine as he came in spurts against the cabinet's beneath the sink. He gasped, panted through it, his eyes clenched tightly closed and his thighs shaking.

Mark pulled away, pulled his fingers from him and Eduardo whined softly. Mark reached over and washed his hands, letting Eduardo sag against him before reaching down and pulling his pants back up with wet hands.

“You should be getting home.”

Eduardo's heart sank a moment before he looked up into Mark's eyes. “Don't do that, please.”

“What?”

Eduardo rolled his eyes. “Don't make me come like that and then dismiss me.”

“I'm not dismissing you, Wardo. I think it's late and your mother will probably be worried.” Mark lifted his chin and planted a soft kiss to his lips, softer than usual. It made Eduardo's stomach do flips. “I'll see you tomorrow.” Mark's mouth quirked up into a small grin like the idea made him happy.

Eduardo smiled, really smiled, and wrapped his arms around his neck, pressing him back against the sink. “Right.” He kissed him back, firm and slow, his tongue licking soft into his mouth and Mark did that humming thing in the back of his throat that made Eduardo dizzy. He was still hard against his hip and Eduardo ran a hand down his stomach before Mark stopped him.

“It's okay.” Mark said against his lips. “Really.”

Eduardo bit his lip and nodded.

He went and got changed and then Mark drove him home. He tried not to notice the look of surprise in his eyes when he saw his house.

“Yeah. Family has money.”

Mark just shrugged. “Everyone at the private school has money.”

Eduardo laughed. “True. Do you want to come in and meet the folks?” He teased. Mark just lowered his brow and told him to get out. Eduardo laughed again. He looked back and waved, and Mark nodded his head before driving off.

Eduardo thought about being led on a chain by Mark like his pet. He thought about Mark keeping him inside all day and just using him for sex. He thought about making him dinner and sharing comfortable silences on the couch and he thought about sleeping in the same bed with him. He felt a familiar sting on his neck and knew there was a hickey there again. Eduardo put his shirt collar up and ran a hand through his hair as he made his way inside.

He was head over fucking heels in love with Mark Zuckerberg.

- -

The next day he was more or less ambushed by his friends in the bathroom during lunch. Even Christy, who refused to leave the boys room.

“Chris says you're going to explain the extremely dickish behavior you've been displaying the past month or so. I mean, no one was really going to say anything but -”

“You've been a dick.” Dustin said flatly, only with a smirk on his face.

Eduardo leaned back against the sinks and laughed. “Stop calling me a dick, you guys.”

Chris narrowed his eyes at him. “How does asshole grab ya?”

Eduardo threw up his hands and nodded. “Okay, okay! Fine! I've been, preoccupied, to say the least.” He studied the faces of his friends for a moment and then sighed. “With. Someone.”
Christy squeaked and Dustin looked at her, amused. “Someone? Is it Sean?”

Eduardo pulled a face at the name, pushing all the bad thoughts he had about Sean out of his mind. “No, God No. Not Sean. Not a student.”

Chris pushed further. “Not a student? Then... No. Not a teacher?”

“Holy shitba-”

“Don't say holy shitballs, Dustin, I hate it when you say that.” Chris interrupted. Dustin nodded meekly.

Eduardo groaned in embarrassment and let his words rush out without pause. “Yes! Okay?! It's a teacher! It's Mark, I mean, Mr. Zuckerberg. It's been going on for a while now and you can't tell anyone because he could be fired and plus my father would probably kick me out and disown me, not that that would be all that awful since I hate him, but that's not the point. The point is I'm sorry I've been such a dick, or an asshole, or whatever, but it's been weird and I didn't really want to talk about it and I really care about him and oh my God why are you guys looking at me like that?”

Christy squeaked again and covered her mouth with her hands. “Wardo's in love!”

Chris just shook his head. “With Mr. Zuckerberg.”

Dustin grinned like a maniac. “Aw man, I knew he wanted to bang you!”

Eduardo groaned again. His friends were impossible. “Love? No, I didn't say anything about love. It's, it's, complicated, really, and -”

“Really, Wardo, just shut up okay? We won't say anything, you don't have to worry. I can't believe you've been holding this in for so long.” Chris put a hand on his back and patted him. “Now. How is the sex?” He smiled wide as Dustin laughed and Christy giggled.

Eduardo just grinned. “Shut up.”

- -

That day after Computer Science, Eduardo stuck around the classroom for a while.

“I think I'm going to fail out of the rest of my classes.” He joked, sitting on Mark's desk next to his laptop as he typed whatever onto the screen. He watched Mark's quick fingers working the keys and smiled to himself. “To think, I came onto you just for a grade and now I'm behind in everything else just because of you.”

Mark paused, looking up at Eduardo and leaning back in his chair. He took off his glasses and allowed a small smile to curve his mouth. “Did you really come onto to me just for a grade?”

Eduardo blushed. “Partly. Also partly to see if I could get away with it.” He nudged at Mark's thigh with his shoe. “Another part because I thought you were really hot.”

Mark nodded and grabbed Eduardo's ankle. “The truth comes out.”

“Yep.”

Mark's fingers brushed past his trousers, sliding up past his sock to find his calve and run his nails down the hairy skin there. Eduardo felt a shiver crawl down his spine.

“You should get to class. I can't be involved with someone who's failing out of high school, how embarrassing would that be.” But his voice was soft, teasing. “But I want,”

“Yeah?”

Mark rubbed his thumb over the bone of his ankle, casting his eyes down like he was embarrassed, which Eduardo had never seen him be. “I want to see you this weekend.”

Yes, yes, fuck yes. Eduardo grinned. “Okay. Oh, but I have this thing with my mom on Saturday.”

Mark raised an eyebrow and smiled. “Aw, how sweet. Mama's boy.” He pulled his hand from Eduardo and he really didn't want that but then he reached up and gripped his thigh. “Then Sunday.”

Eduardo bit his lip as Mark rubbed towards his inner thigh. “You have plans for me, don't you Mr. Zuckerberg?”

Mark stood up and planted a quick kiss on his lips, leaving him needing more. “I have nothing but plans. Now get to class.”

- -
Sunday morning Eduardo woke to the sound of his phone buzzing on the nightstand. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes with one hand and grabbed the phone with the other. He had a text from Mark.

what time should I pick you up?

Eduardo grinned. Mark wanted to pick him up? He had such a considerate boyfriend. Or whatever Mark was. He still hadn't exactly told him he loved him yet. They'd only been back together, or whatever, for a couple days.

um like now? Do I have to dress fancy?

you're so good for asking. But not any fancier than usual

Eduardo rolled his eyes. Yeah, cause his school uniform was the height of style.

fine then i'm purposely only wearing jeans and a t

stop being a little brat eduardo and come outside

Holy shit, he was there already? Eduardo jumped out of a bed and pulled his curtains to the side to see a car parked outside their estate far past the garden. He glanced at the clock to see it was almost noon as he rushed to throw on the previously mentioned attire for the day.

Downstairs he tried to be as quiet as possible. His dinner with his mother the night before had gone well. Too well. They'd had a great time and more than once Eduardo wanted to tell her how happy he was, and why, and that he wanted her to be that happy too. But he could never get the words out, and then she'd had too much wine and it was time to go home. She was probably still sleeping but he wanted to make sure he didn't have to make any excuses. Still, he felt bad, so on his way out he left a note on the fridge saying he'd be home late.

Eduardo jumped in the car, feeling flushed and sweaty from rushing, and looked over at Mark. He was wearing his signature hoodie and a smirk. “Who told you to run out here?”

“Where are we going?” Eduardo hoped to his place. It had been too long. Way too long. Mark hadn't even really kissed him properly, yet.

“I need to go shopping.” Mark put the car in gear and pulled away, and as Eduardo ducked down a little hoping the neighbors didn't see him in a car with a strange, older man, he registered Mark's words.

“Shopping? For what?”

“Clothes. For my body.” Mark adjusted his glasses and kept his eyes on the road. “I have my yearly meeting with the principal coming up and I have no nice suits. I barely have any suits, really. Just pieces of mismatched stuff.”

“So you needed a sassy little gay thing to help you pick out some clothes?” Eduardo teased. God, he was just really distracted by Mark being right next to him. This was worse than the first time he'd brought him home because at this point he should be used to it, but he wasn't.

“Do you want me to take you back home? Fine, Eduardo. Take it as an order. You're helping me shop. And if you're good, maybe I'll take you back home and fuck you until forget everything you've learned in my class.”

“Yes, sir. But to be honest, I think I already have.”

He dodged Mark's hand coming over to swat lazily at his face and grabbed his hand, kissing his palm.

“Nope, none of that. Not unless you're good.”

Mark pulled his hand away and Eduardo mock pouted as they pulled onto the freeway.

- -

They wound up at a shopping mall far enough away from the school that no one who knew either of them would see them. Mark didn't say it, but Eduardo knew that's why he had picked the place. Eduardo didn't mind. He wasn't keen on the idea of being caught, either.

After an hour and half of trying on suits, though, Mark was becoming even more of a pain to Eduardo than when he'd tied him up and spanked him.

“I like it!” Eduardo yelled, running a hand down his face and plopping in a chair nearby the dressing rooms.

“I look old.” Mark observed himself in the mirror and and frowned. “If you'd just okay the blue one we'd be done by now.”

“The blue one!” His voice was never usually so high. “The blue one, Mark. The blue one's pants are made of jean. Jean. Oh god, I need a break.” Really, this was not what he'd had in mind when Mark told him he had plans for him.

Mark sighed, and nodded slightly at himself. “Fine. Okay. Eduardo, I'll get this one.”

Eduardo raised his hands towards the Heavens and thanked whoever liked him up there.

“Come help me take it off.”

“Uh. What?”

Mark looked at him in the mirror and Eduardo saw his eyes had gone dark. “Come help me take it off. Now.”

Oh.

Okay.

Eduardo followed Mark into the dressing room and slotted the door closed behind them. Mark was close, really close, breathing down his neck close, and he reached up and turned him around so that Eduardo was staring into his eyes.

“Hi.” Eduardo said, swallowing hard.

Mark's mouth turned up a little, and he looked down at himself and back up to Eduardo. “You really like the suit, then?”

Eduardo nodded.

Mark bit his bottom lip and brushed his nose over Eduardo's. “We should probably buy it then so we can go back to my place.”

Eduardo just hummed a little in agreement.

Mark's hands came up to grip Eduardo's waist, sliding up under the thin t-shirt and stroking his sides.

“Please,”

“Yeah? Begging already? Eduardo. Kiss me.”

So he did, softly, his heart pounding in his chest like it was the first time, but it was different than the first time. Mark ran his nails gently down Eduardo's lower back and pulled him close, licked at his tongue until they were both breathless and hard. Mark moved his head back a bit and breathed across Eduardo's mouth.

“Eduardo.” His voice, fuck, it was so low and sexy and Eduardo wanted him to keep talking, keep saying his name like that, the way it made his stomach twist so beautifully. “When we get home,” Mark pressed against him, pressed his cock again him, and sighed.

“When we get home, I want you to fuck me.” Mark said it so softly Eduardo wasn't even sure he'd heard it so he opened his eyes to see, fuck. Mark's pupils were dilated to hell and he meant what he thought he meant, right?

“You w-want, um, me to -”

Mark nodded and kissed him again, hard. Eduardo moaned in the back of his throat. Oh God, Mark wanted him to fuck him, he'd never, he'd never done that to another guy before, fuck, Mark beneath him all sweaty and open and holy shit Mark's tongue was still in his mouth and he wanted to come right then, wanted Mark to touch him again but -

But then Mark pulled away, and started to take off the suit. He just stripped it off right there in front of him, quickly, as if he wasn't giving Eduardo the world's fastest strip tease and before he knew it he was back in his jeans and hoodie. He didn't even look at himself in the mirror to see his hair all wild before he picked up the new suit and told Eduardo to open the door.

But he was still a little breathless when he said, “I still like the blue one.”

- -

When they got home – well, got to Mark's home, they stumbled in the door. Mark's mouth was hot on his and Eduardo stepped back into the living room as Mark closed the door behind him. He grabbed him around the waist and pulled him close, and fuck he was hard and Eduardo was hard and he was going to fuck Mark and it was all too much.

“Mark,” He was making frenzied work of biting at his neck, breath wet and warm on his skin. Eduardo groaned and clutched at Mark's hoodie, his knees shaking and threatening to make him fall to the floor. “Please.”

Mark pulled back and looked at him. His face was flushed, mouth all red and swollen, eyes dark beneath his serious brow. “Take off your clothes, Eduardo.”

He nodded, not hesitating as he pulled his t-shirt over his head and threw it on the floor. He undid his jeans and pushed them down along with his briefs to his ankles, awkwardly stepping out of the whole lot as he kicked off his shoes. Mark watched him with an amused look on his face. Eduardo stood there waiting, gooseflesh spreading over his skin and his cock getting harder by the second.

“Come here.” Mark nodded at him, looking much more composed than Eduardo felt. He stepped closer, his breath coming quickly, and waited for Mark to tell him what to do next. He'd really, really fucking missed this.

“Take off my clothes, slowly.”

Eduardo swallowed, reaching down to grip the hem of Mark's hoodie and pull it over his head as Mark lifted his arms. The neck messed up his hair and he looked all ruffled, and so fucking hot. He slid his hands under Mark's t-shirt and ran his palms over his stomach, which jumped beneath his touch.

God, he loved touching him.

Eduardo pulled off his shirt and made quick work of his fly, undoing the button of his jeans with shaking hands and hurrying to take off his jeans. Mark gently grabbed his wrist. “I said slow.” His grip tightened a little and Eduardo shivered and nodded.

Mark stepped out of his jeans and Eduardo felt him push on his shoulder. He got down on his knees and ran his nose down Mark's stomach, along the line of his happy trail.

Mark made a noise above him and gripped his hair in both hands. “Talk, say – say something. In English.”

Eduardo breathed in and let his tongue glide over Mark's skin. “I love the way you smell. I – I missed it. Sometimes you smell like laundry soap, or after we've fucked you just smell like you.” He hooked his fingers over the waistband of Mark's boxers and slowly pulled them down until his cock fell out against his mouth. Mark gasped, tugged on his hair, and told him to stand up even as Eduardo opened his lips to suck him.

“But-” God, he wanted to suck him.

Mark just shook his head and kissed him, reaching down the grab his own dick and squeezed. Eduardo groaned against his mouth and Mark pulled away. “Come on.”

Eduardo followed him to his bedroom and Mark was on top of him, on the bed, in seconds. He had to laugh at the way he practically pounced on him, Mark didn't seem the pouncing type, but then he was over him and straddling him and holding his arms above his head and nothing was really funny about that.

“Say something else.” Mark moved his hips, rubbing his cock on his own and Eduardo bit his lip, knowing he would have made a very embarrassing noise.

“Your hands.” He breathed out. “They feel so fucking good all over me, on my cock, and your fingers are so long. Whenever we're in class I can't stop watching them, just thinking about them inside me and I get so damn hard.”

Mark let go of one of his hands and reached down to slide two fingers into Eduardo's mouth. He whimpered, sucking right away, staring at Mark as he licked between them. Mark bit his bottom lip and Eduardo sucked harder at that.

Mark pulled his fingers out and replaced them with his lips, and then Mark moaned over Eduardo's tongue. Eduardo kissed him deeper, and he moaned again, this time jerking back a little. Eduardo broke the kiss, breathing hard as he looked past Mark's curly head and saw, holy fucking shit, him rocking back on his own fingers.

“God, Mark,”

“Do you like watching me?

“Yes, fuck yes.”

Mark was fucking himself on his own fingers, his cock sliding against the sweat on Eduardo's stomach and brushing his own aching prick, and his pupils were blown and his mouth was plush and wet, his voice deep and rough. It was all Eduardo could do not to come right then and there.

“I want you to fuck me.”

“Please.”

“Yeah, beg to fuck me.”

Eduardo watched him shut his eyes as he pushed his fingers deeper, the fingers Eduardo wet with his mouth, fucking hell.

“Wanna fuck you so bad, please Mark. I'll make it so good, I'll be so good for you.” Eduardo breathed into Mark's open mouth. “Just wanna be good for you.”

They kissed, licking into each others mouths slowly, only stopping to take deep breaths and for Mark to groan as he shuddered around his digits.

“Are good, you've been so good,” Mark gasped as he slid his fingers out and gripped Eduardo's waist, rolling them over and shifting until he was on top. “Get me the lube.” He said, gesturing towards the nightstand.

Eduardo nodded quickly, his hands shaking as he pulled open the drawer and fumbled around until he found it and a condom. Mark took the lube from him and opened it as Eduardo tore open the condom wrapper and rolled it on as quickly as he could. Mark poured some of the liquid on his hand and dropped the bottle on the bed before reaching down and gripping Eduardo's cock.

Eduardo hissed, he was so hard and sensitive and Mark was looking up at him, jerking his cock, slicking it up, so he could fuck him because he told him to. Eduardo closed his eyes and braced himself with a hand on either side of Mark's face.

“You're so fucking hot, Eduardo. So hard, so eager, want you to fuck me hard, pound into me, okay? Want to feel you, Eduardo. You're so special, so good.” Mark ran his thumb over the head of Eduardo's leaking dick and spread it down, over his shaft, and squeezed. “Now, do it now.”

Eduardo opened his eyes as Mark lifted his legs, bending his knees and placing his ankles on Eduardo's shoulders. Eduardo swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing with the it, and gripped Mark's hips as he nudged at his opening. Mark hissed a little, his lip caught between his teeth, and nodded. “Go. Yes.”

Eduardo pushed inside easy, his cock wet with lube and Mark ready from his fingers. He was, God, totally open and bare beneath him and fucking gorgeous, sweat drenched curls sticking to his forehead, cheeks red and chest white and smooth, prick swollen and dripping on his belly, and oh, oh, his ass. His ass.

“Tão apertado, Mark. Oh, tão lindo e apertado.” Eduardo moved his hips slowly, working his cock in inch by inch until he was balls deep, Mark's eyes scrunched closed and his head pushed back against the pillow. Eduardo leaned down and licked a hot line up his throat, the position moving him in even deeper and causing them both to groan.

“Harder.” Mark whispered into his ear. Eduardo let him lock his ankles behind his neck as he slid his arms under his back and hooked his hand over his shoulders. He let his hips do what they wanted, which was jerk over and over, skin slapping together obscenely in the quiet room.

“Obrigado, eu não vou estragar tudo de novo, eu quero você pra sempre, isso é tão bom Mark. ” Eduardo didn't even know what he was saying. Mark just kept panting in his ear and everything was hot and sweaty and he was milking his fucking cock, his ass so goddamn tight and he was clenching around him. It was bliss.

Mark just kept saying, “Harder, harder, harder,” and Eduardo gave it to him, finding that spot and feeling his cock jump between their stomachs.

“Eu preciso de você, eu preciso disso.” Eduardo felt his orgasm approaching, his body shaking and his balls tightening. “Mark, I'm gonna-”

“Fuck,” Mark grabbed at his arm, pulling until Eduardo moved it and gripped his wrist, pushing his hand between them. Eduardo gripped Mark's cock and moved his hand in time with his thrusts. “Oh, shit, shit, shit.” Mark chanted each time.

“Não saia nunca, fique aqui dentro pra sempre, Mark. Eu amo você, eu amo você, eu amo você.” Eduardo came, hard, his hips moving clumsy and losing their rhyme as he mumbled and gasped into Mark's ear. He might have scratched Mark's shoulder as he rode the wave of his climax, but he may have also blacked out so he wasn't sure. But Mark was still hard in his hand so he lifted himself to hover over him, looking down into his frustrated eyes.

“Eduardo, I need you-”

“Yeah.” He stared down at him, stroking him hard and fast, still buzzing and tingling all over so that Mark's face was setting him off all over again.

“What did you say?”

Eduardo shook his head.

“What did you say?” He breathed.

But Eduardo just flicked his wrist and Mark gasped, tensed, and stretched his neck back as he grunted and came on Eduardo's stomach. It felt hot, and it felt like a brand as it dripped down his skin.

Mark caught his breath, chest moving rapidly, and Eduardo watched as he closed his eyes and licked his lips, coming back to himself. It was incredible to watch. But then, everything that had just happened had been incredible.

He was still inside him, and he really didn't want to move, but his arms and legs were killing him so he pulled out and whimpered a little. Mark lowered his legs and winced, apparently he was a bit sore as well. Eduardo laughed, he couldn't help it, not because they were sore but because he was happy and it was threatening to bubble out of him in a disgusting way.

Mark glared up at him for a second, watching as Eduardo pulled off the condom and tied it closed. Mark narrowed his eyes at him as Eduardo caught him staring. “Cleanliness is next to ass fucking?”

Eduardo laughed again and shrugged, tossing it on the bed. “Fine. Be gross.”

Mark just shook his head and looked up at him. His face was still dotted with sweat, and Eduardo wanted to lick it off.

“Tell me what you said.”

God, no. Just no. He wasn't going to do that. “Just random stuff about your amazing ass, is all.” He bit his lip.

Mark suddenly jumped up from the bed and walked quickly out to the living room. “I'm looking it up!” He yelled back and Eduardo's stomach dropped as he followed him.

“Mark, stop it! Come on!” His cheeks were probably beet red and he knew they both looked ridiculous, naked and sweaty, fighting over the desktop mouse. “Really, it's nothing! I didn't say anything!”

“Do I have to lock myself in the bathroom with my laptop?” Mark tried to pry Eduardo's fingers off the mouse one by one.

“I said I love you, okay!” Eduardo shouted, and Mark stilled. “I said I love you, because I do, and I know we haven't been, whatever, very long, but I do. We both were stupid and I was stupid first and when you, with Sean, it really hurt and I wanted... But I love you Mark, and I don't think you love me. I think you like me a lot and you like fucking me which is fine, more than fine, and I don't blame you because I'm not very lovable so if you just want to keep doing this and nothing else, it's fine. But I didn't want to tell you that for real, because I'm scared you won't want me at all.”

He was running out of air by the end and had to take a deep breath. Mark lowered his hands and let go of the mouse as he stared at Eduardo. He blinked a few times, looked at the floor, and Eduardo felt his eyes begin to warm, warning him he was probably about to cry because Mark was probably about to tell him to get out but then Mark just nodded, and said “I think you should move in here.”

Yeah, he had clearly slipped into some post-orgasmic hallucination.

“What?”

“I mean, once you graduate, of course. You should move in here. I know you're probably going off to Harvard, which you should, because well. I'm not your guidance counselor, here, you know all the reasons. But when you come back for breaks I think it would be good if you stayed here. After you graduate from college, well, we can talk about that because we might have to relocate, but --”

And then Mark really couldn't talk anymore, because Eduardo was kissing him stupid. Mark pulled back eventually and placed his hand over Eduardo's mouth.

“And Wardo, I don't just want you around to fuck.”

Eduardo nodded and mumbled behind Mark's palm. “For cooking, too, right?”

Mark smirked and nodded. “That was implied.” Mark moved his hand and went to kiss him but Eduardo dodged his mouth.

“Oh, by the way, finals are coming up and I was just wondering if you could do me a favor -” Mark grabbed him by the ass and yanked him flesh against his body, his eyes lit with amusement.

“Do I have to spank you?”

Eduardo grinned. “Yes, sir.”

- -

(A YEAR AND A HALF LATER)

“Tell me how it feels.”

“Good, so good, wish it was your hand, baby.”

“You know I hate it when you call me that.”

“No you don't, you like it, I can tell. You always fuck me harder when I say it.”

“I fuck you harder because you say it, because I hate it.”

“Either way, I win. Baby.”

“Stop touching yourself.”

“Ugh, Mark!”

“Be good.”

“Need it.”

“Do you want to come?”

“Yes.”

“Did you finish your paper for Econ yet?”

“Ugh! Yes.”

“Fine. You can jerk off until you come.”

Eduardo worked himself faster, harder, moaning and so close, he just needed, “Say it, please.”

“Come for me, Eduardo.”

And he did, he was, all over his hand, sitting on his dorm room bed with his pants at his knees just when his roommate, Divya, walked in.

“Wow! I, um. Wow.”

“Shit, Divya! Don't you knock?” Eduardo pulled up his pants and ignored the snickering on the other end of the phone.

“This is my room, too, Wardo. If I knew you were in here jerking it I wouldn't have come in. But I'm not leaving, because I need my science textbook, and that's more important than leaving and escaping this crushing awkwardness.”

As Divya looked around his part of the room, Eduardo picked his cell back up. “Yeah, real funny, Mark. God, I really need to get a single next year.”

“I thought so. What does you roommate look like, by the way? Maybe next time I'll tell you to let him watch.”

As squirmy as that made Eduardo feel, he wasn't considering it as an option. “I don't think he'd be into that.”

Divya looked up from where he had stuck his head under his bed. “Are you talking about me? Because no, whatever it is, I definitely wouldn't be into that.”

Eduardo just laughed. Divya yelled out in victory as he found his book and brandished it over his head. “Alright, you get back to, whatever you were doing. Put a sock on the door next time, yeah? And say hi to your husband for me.”

When he was gone Eduardo sighed into the phone. “I miss you.”

“Break's coming up.”

“Not soon enough. I want to come home.”

“Yeah, I haven't eaten a decent meal in months.”

Eduardo laughed again. So yeah, he was living with Mark. Well, he was living at the Harvard dorms, but when he wasn't there, he was back in Florida with Mark.

His senior year had been just about the best year of his life. Well, it had been incredibly challenging to keep up with school and extra activities while Mark was distracting him by just being alive. Fortunately, or unfortunately, he didn't have him as a teacher that year so he had some time to actually use his brain during school hours.

When he'd gotten his acceptance letter from Harvard, Mark had taken him and his friends out to dinner. It had started out really awkward, because well, Mark was Mark and he had also taught half the people at the table. Then they'd all started drinking and it had gotten fun. Dustin tried to talk to Mark about Battlestar Galactica, and had gotten slightly offended when Mark said he preferred the original version more. Chris had taken control of the situation and started talking about how proud they all were of Eduardo, and when his blush had died down, Christy elbowed him in the side teasingly and Mark rubbed his knee under the table. Dustin said the old BSG had its moments and things went smoothly from there.

When he'd announced to his family he was moving out at graduation last year, and moving in with his boyfriend, it had all gone less than smoothly. His father threatened to cut him off, so he couldn't even pay for Harvard, until his mother reminded him it would be more damaging to their family to have Eduardo not go to the school their whole family and all their friends and all of his business associates thought he was going to go to. That having a failure as a son would be very humiliating, and as long as Eduardo didn't tell anyone he was living with, um, who he was living with, what harm could come of letting him leave?

It was as close to his mother would come to being completely on his side, and it worked.

His father wouldn't even look at him anymore, but he'd hardly looked at him to begin with.

“I might even need to be punished when I get back.”

“Why?” Mark's voice lowered.

“Because I really didn't write my Econ paper.”

Mark chuckled. “I have the paddle ready.”

Eduardo actually really liked the paddle.

“I have to go. I need to um, clean up before my class.” Eduardo bit his bottom lip and paused. “I love you, Mark.”

He knew Mark would never say it back, because he wasn't built that way, but Eduardo knew he felt it. He knew it in the way he kissed him, the way he'd learned to put his dirty clothes in the hamper instead of on the floor for him, the way he sometimes turned off his laptop in the middle of the night when Eduardo asked him to come to bed and cuddle with him. He'd gotten used to the cuddling. Every now and then he'd even let Eduardo take him to the beach, even if he refused to take off his t-shirt.

Eduardo knew Mark loved him in the way he fucked him, hard and relentless, like Eduardo was all his and and no one elses. The way he let Eduardo fuck him sometimes, let himself be needy and vulnerable. There was the way he hit him when he was bad and the way he sucked him when he was good. Eduardo just knew. And it was good to be sure, totally and completely, that someone actually loved him. That he belonged to Mark, and that Mark belonged to him.

“Wardo?” Mark said softly. “Lick your hand clean for me.”

Eduardo grinned. Yeah, Mark had his own way of letting him know.

- -