Hot Family Next Door
By Perry Jones


	Chapter Three

	Peg wasn't the only one to take an interest in the new neighbors.  Skeet, Peg's son, was at the age where the sight of a sexy chick could cause palpitations of the heart, sweaty palms, and severe rigidity of the cock.  So when he noticed the new woman sashaying down the hall to the door next to his own, he took notice.  

	That first time he saw her, Skeet stared at her ass wiggling heavily from side to side.  Her ass cheeks were so tightly wrapped in the red fabric of her slacks Skeet couldn't believe his eyes.  

	He'd been reading a comic book as he strolled down the hall, so he didn't notice the woman approaching.  Suddenly, his nostrils were full of perfume.  There was a quick moving shape beside him.  Skeet looked up just in time to catch the profile of the chick's bouncing tits and her long black hair.  Then he was left with the view of her swaying ass.  

	It was all over within ten seconds.  But Skeet was left panting.  His prick, on a hair trigger these days, swelled into a throbbing bat.  The comic book was forgotten, as was the baseball game he was going out to play.  Hurrying back to his own apartment, Skeet would have to take care of his horniness, although it would only be a temporary cure.  As he passed the door the chick had passed through, he stared at it as though it were somehow made more interesting by hiding such a gorgeous creature.  

	"I thought you had a game," Peg said as she jumped aside to avoid being knocked over by Skeet, who rushed to his room.  

	"I forgot something," he said.  

	Once inside his sanctum, Skeet pulled down his pants.  His prick was standing from his crotch, and he grabbed it.  Closing his eyes and bringing back the picture of his neighbor's luscious ass, he began tugging on his cock.  He didn't even bother to get one of his girlie magazines out of its hiding place in his closet.  

	It didn't take long.  It never did, unless he was jerking off for the third or fourth time in one day.  As his jism rushed into the Kleenex he'd wrapped around his prick, Skeet used all his imaginative power to bring the ass he'd seen to life.  What would it be like to fill his hands with those plump ass cheeks, or, better yet, to rest his face on them?  

	From his bedroom, Skeet rushed to the bathroom, then out of the apartment.  His mother looked after him, wondering what he could have forgotten that a few minutes in his bedroom with the door closed could have restored.  

	Now there were two members of the Bryce family obsessed with the new neighbors.  

	That evening at dinner, Peg told Dave she'd heard him saying hello to their neighbor as he left after lunch.  "What's she like?"  she asked her husband.  

	Skeet's ears pricked up, and his prick sat up.  

	"Very attractive, actually," Dave said.  

	"And?"  Peg asked.  

	"And what?"  Dave countered.  

	"Tell me what she looks like.  How old is she?  Blonde, brunette?  Fat, skinny?"  

	"Well," Dave began, still chewing, "I only got a quick glimpse.  She's pretty young, in her twenties, I suppose.  Black hair."  

	It was clear that was all Dave had to say.  Skeet didn't add anything.  He was already blushing and horny, and there was no point in calling attention to himself.  

	It was Thursday, Peg and Dave's movie night.  Skeet decided to stay home and try to catch another peek at the chick next door.  

	Home alone, Skeet sat quietly in the living room.  If he heard the chick leaving, he planned to rush out and walk her to the elevator, take it down with her, and see if he could start a conversation with her.  

	He always tried to be an optimist about these things, even though he knew his chances were poor.  But he'd heard of boys being seduced by older women, and even if most of the stories were lies, some of them must have been true.  Besides, just thinking about the remote possibility was exciting and fun.  

	Finally, Skeet did hear the door open and close.  His heart began pounding as he rushed to the door.  But there was no one in the hallway.  He heard a man's voice behind the door.  

	"Hello, honey," the voice said.  

	No one had come out of the apartment, Skeet realized.  Someone had gone in, and it was the chick's boyfriend or husband.  But Skeet was only slightly disappointed.  Even if she had a husband or boyfriend, she might still want to fuck him.  She might like skinny young boys, or she might even be a nympho!  

	Skeet listed at the door.  But he only heard indistinguishable murmurings.  So he went back into his own apartment.  

	Before long, the neighbor's door was knocked on again.  Voices and laughter were heard briefly, then the door was closed again.  

	Now laughter came through the wall.  Skeet pressed his ear to the wall a few inches above where his mother has pressed her ear before.  Like his mother, he heard only buzzing and mutterings.  It was obvious that a party was going on, though.  

	Skeet, resigned to forget about being seduced that evening, took up his comic books and forgot about everything else.  

	But as he followed the adventures of Spiderman, his attention was slowly drawn to the sounds coming from next door.  He looked up from his comic book.  

	It was music.  The sort of music that was played for strip-teases was coming through the wall now.  And people were whooping and laughing.  

	Suddenly Skeet was on fire.  Someone might be stripping next door!  Why not?  After a few drinks, a chick might be willing to take off her clothes just for the hell of it.  

	Skeet stared at the wall as hard as he could.  It was horrible having to imagine what was going on that he couldn't see.  But maybe he could see.  Maybe if he climbed onto the neighbor's balcony from his, he could peek into their apartment!  

	It was a wild idea.  It would mean climbing around the partition between the balconies, hanging over the precipice with nothing beneath him but the sidewalk nine stories down.  It would mean risking being caught-not a good way to begin a friendship with new neighbors.  In short, it was a dumb, completely ridiculous idea.  

	But Skeet knew he was going to do it anyway!  He couldn't resist.  His horniness was too powerful to be denied.  And he would have to hurry.  After all, a chick might strip naked, then quickly dress again, and he would have missed it.  

	Skeet rushed out to the balcony and looked over at the other balcony around the brick wall that separated them.  He purposely didn't look down, but the sound of traffic rising nine stories reminded him what would happen if he fell.  

	Shaking in every limb, Skeet climbed up on the railing.  He hugged the edge of the brick partition and swung one foot around it.  The music and laughter were louder now.  

	And just as he placed his foot on the railing of the balcony next door, someone yelled: "Take it off!"  

	This was it!  If he didn't fall he would get an interesting show.  But not falling was hardly something he could count on.  There was nothing to hang onto, so he had to hug the partition with all his might as he swung his other leg around it.  He forced himself to forget about the chance of being caught and the return trip he would have to make.  

	Hopping down from the railing, Skeet was immediately rewarded for his bravery.  The view was not obscured by a drape, and Skeet looked right into the living room.  In the middle of it was a woman dancing wildly, dressed only in a bra and panties.  

	Hiding under a table on the balcony, Skeet watched the show.  His prick was painfully bent in his pants, and he struggled to adjust it as he watched the woman dancing.  

	It wasn't the chick he'd seen in the hallway.  This woman had short blonde hair.  But her body was spectacular.  Her golden tits overflowed her bra as she shook to the beat of the music.  The cheeks of her ass quivered and waved under the filmy material of her tiny panties.  

	Skeet was gasping in horniness as he watched.  One pink nipple was showing as one of the chick's tits crept out of her bra with its crazy wobbling.  

	"Take it off!"  A woman's voice called.  

	Skeet saw the black-haired chick sitting on a couch.  She was holding a drink in one hand and a cigarette in the other.  Her body was wrapped in a black dress, even tighter than the outfit she'd worn when Skeet saw her in the hall.  

	There were two men in the room, too.  But Skeet didn't want to bother looking at anyone but the chick stripping.  He switched his gaze back to her just in time to see her grab one cup of her bra and yank it down, revealing a big, bouncing tit.  

	"Yeahhhhh!"  the spectators screamed.  

	The chick had one tit in and one out of her bra as she continued dancing.  The free tit swung and swayed wildly as the other remained quivering in its hammock.  

	Then the chick lifted her hands behind her back, unfastened the bra, and began swinging it around like a keychain.  Now her tits were naked and followed their own inclinations, moving in a sympathetic, but different, motion than the rest of the woman's body.  White where the sun never touched them, her tits wore bright pink nipples.  

	Skeet's eyes bulged.  He'd grabbed a few sets of tits in the movie theater and even fished one of Mary Ann Clark's tits out of her jersey one night at a party.  But he'd never seen anything like this!  

	The chick grabbed her own tits, holding them out like offerings toward her howling audience.  She bent forward, shaking her ass behind her.  

	"Take it off," the black-haired woman repeated.  

	The thought that the chick might take off her last garment, that flimsy pair of undies, made Skeet's heart pound even harder.  He'd never seen a real, living cunt-his only experience of a pussy was from the glossy pages of his hidden magazines.  

	When the woman hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties, Skeet moved forward toward the windows.  Every inch closer was important at a time like this.  

	Down came the chick's undies, but ever so slowly.  She was circling the room, giving everyone a close look as her panties descended.  

	Skeet moved closer until his nose was almost pressed to a pane of the glass.  

	The top of a dark hairy patch was now visible over the panties.  So was the deep crack of the chick's ass.  Then her whole ass, its firm round cheeks shaking, became visible.  Then her cunt was revealed.  

	With her undies around her thighs just below her crotch, the woman moved about, clutching her tits again.  

	Skeet stared at the chick's pussy.  His eyes burrowed into her curly pussy hair, searching for her cunt crack.  But he couldn't see it from this distance.  When her ass was toward him, Skeet caressed it with his eyes, marveling at the way her ass cheeks flapped about with the chick's wiggling hips.  

	The dancing woman was suddenly attacked by one of the men.  He grabbed her underpants and pulled them down her long legs.  She jumped out of them, and the man hugged her thighs before she could get away.  On his knees, the man pressed himself to her legs and stuck his face into the nest of hair that covered her pussy.  

	Skeet was insane with fuck-lust.  It was as though he'd climbed into another world when he rounded that partition-nothing like what he was seeing existed in his world.  

	Skeet watched with awe as the woman stood still, spread her legs, and grabbed the man kneeling before her by his hair.  The man tilted his head back and moved his mouth below the hairy triangle of her cunt.  

	Skeet panted.  His heart raced.  He was beyond horniness now.  The sight before him turned him into a quivering circuit of excitement.  Like a stone-age aborigine suddenly thrust into the middle of an amusement park, Skeet was experiencing something entirely new.  Not that he'd never heard of cunt-lapping, but the reality of it, right in front of him, was too much to register sensibly.  

	"Ahhhhhh!"  the blonde moaned as the man's head began nodding between her thighs.  

	She bent forward, hanging her big tits almost to the top of the man's head.  The man had grabbed her ass, but the rest of the chick's body shook, not to the music now, but to the rhythm of her passion.  

	Her legs spread wider as she wiggled her feet farther to the sides.  The man crouched lower between them, tilting his head farther back to keep his tongue in the woman's cunt.  

	Skeet's eyes were fixed on the sight.  But then he saw the black-haired woman stand up and begin to undress.  When her tits were bared, Skeet switched his focus to her.  Then his eyes traveled back and forth from the cunt-lapping action to the dark woman undressing.  

	The other man, a tall, gray-haired man, stood up and began undressing, too.  

	"Ohhhhh!"  The woman with a cuntful of lashing tongue cried out in a desperate moan that went right to Skeet's heart.  

	When the black-haired chick was naked, she took her gorgeous body to where the blonde stood with spread legs.  Standing so close to the blonde her huge tits touched hers, the dark woman began to run her hands over the cunt-lapped woman's sweat-coated body.  

	Scooping up the blonde's tits in her hands and kissing the blonde on her sweaty face, the dark chick showed she was as interested in the female body as Skeet was.  

	Skeet took in the scene as a camera might.  He was too far gone to get any more excited-the next step would be death by horniness.  He was even too excited to think about jerking off.  

	The gray-haired man now came up to the dark chick, his stiff prick leading the way.  He pressed his cock to her ass as he grabbed one of her tits and one of the blonde's.  Now the only person with any clothing on was the man on his knees sucking the blonde chick's cunt.  

	Slowly, the three naked people sank to the floor.  Then they were all lying on the floor in a jumble of arms, legs, and nodding and bobbing heads.  

	Dizzy and reeling, Skeet tried to follow the action, but it was impossible to see exactly what was going on.  A chorus of groans and sighs drifted out to him.  

	Having gotten somewhat used to what was going on, but still dizzy with lust, Skeet managed to get his vibrating cock out of his pants.  He grabbed it and was soon joining the others in ecstasy, from a distance.  

	Once he'd shot his load, he realized what a chance he'd taken to peek.  But he couldn't tear himself away.  It wasn't until the four fuckers were lying still that Skeet retreated to the railing and climbed back to his own turn.  He was limp and shaking, so the climb took longer than the first climb when he'd had his horniness to spur him on.  

	By the time Skeet was back in his own bedroom, he couldn't believe what he'd seen.  Still trembling, Skeet undressed and got into bed.  When his trembling stopped, he slipped into a deep sleep.  


To Be Continued
