“Stake me.”

Angel stared at the figure in the doorway, unable to say whether he was more taken aback by his hollow cheeks, the scent of alcohol that hung around him like a cloud, the way his clothes hung off of him, or the words he'd just said. “What?”

“Just do it, already,” Spike ground out. “Said you would, didn't you, if I ever came back?” His eyes glittered with a feverish light as he pushed himself off the doorjamb and took a step into the room. “So here I am, back again. Get the stake an' let's do it.”

Angel leaned back in his chair and stared at him for a long moment, then shook his head. “I'm not staking you, Spike.”

He waited for the explosion, but the blond's only response was an apathetic shrug. “Fine, then. Get one of the Slayers hereabouts to take care of it.” He turned to go, and something about the defeated slump of his shoulders caught Angel in the pit of his stomach.

“They won't do it and you know it,” he called out. “You're the savior of Sunnydale, after all. Don't you think Andrew's told them all about you?”

“Will if they catch me feeding,” Spike retorted, the hard tone slamming into Angel like a freight train. He wanted to spit back that there was no way Spike would do such a stupid thing, wanted to believe that he was just being his usual annoying, overdramatic self, but he could tell that it wasn't the case. Given so much as half a hint of encouragement, he'd do it, and no amount of yelling or beating would shake him out of this. Spike was a thousand times worse than Angelus had ever been when it came to seeing something through- provided it was something he really wanted, that was.

And for some reason, this was one of those things. It had to be, for him to even consider doing what he was threatening. Angel's stomach knotted as he thought about it, about Spike coaxing some unknowing coed out into an alley and driving his fangs into her. He wouldn't be subtle about it, either, not if he was looking for his death. No, Spike would make sure whatever Slayer he'd picked for his death was watching. And when she saw Spike feed, she'd do what Angelus had never been able to do. She'd do the unthinkable, and stake his boy, take him away from the world- and Angel- forever.

Would he even know about it? He hadn't the first time, hadn't known anything was wrong until Buffy and the others arrived. In the midst of moving to Wolfram & Hart, he'd never stopped to think about it, but now he wondered if he'd feel it this time. Would he feel the stake that ended Spike, feel the hole deep inside where his childe should be, or would he be blind to it all over again? Would he have even known what happened if Spike hadn't come by to ask him to do it first, or would he just have shrugged when one day Fred or Gunn came by to tell him about the deserted apartment?

God, he could lose him all over again and never know about it! Angel stared at the empty doorway, seeing Spike turn to dust at the point of some nameless Slayer's stake, over and over again. “No,” he whispered, then repeated louder, “No!” Fear gave his feet wings as he chased after his childe, ready to tell him he could have that car he'd wanted, have the office he'd hinted at- hell, anything he wanted, as long as he didn't go looking for the Slayer!

He ran out into the hallway, shoving past Wesley when the ex-Watcher tried to talk to him, frantic to get to the elevator doors that he could see opening before they closed and Spike slid out of his life forever. “Spike- wait!”

The blond turned and Angel breathed a sigh of relief as the doors slid shut behind him. “Change your mind, then?”

“I- yeah. Yeah, I did.” Angel reached out as though to touch his cheek, but Spike stepped back, shying away from the caress like some wild animal that neither knew nor trusted humans. Trying not to let his disappointment show, Angel forced out, “If this is really want you want, then I want to be the one doing it.”

Spike nodded and produced a stake from one of his duster pockets. Flipping it in his hand, he held the handle out towards his sire, watching as Angel took hold of it with numb fingers. The blond raised his chin, staring at Angel for a few seconds before nodding and closing his eyes. “Right, then.” But instead of the death blow, a powerful fist crashed into his jaw. Spike's eyes flew open with the impact, but there wasn't a chance for more than the briefest flicker of betrayal to cross his features before darkness surged up around him and he slid to the ground at Angel's feet.

The instant he was sure that Spike was out, Angel dropped the stake and stomped on it. He still felt sick at the thought of how easily that sharpened point could've slid through cloth and muscle, penetrating all the way to the heart to take his boy away from him. And he was his boy- he couldn't deny that any longer. Looking down at the slack beauty of his face, he wondered why he'd ever really wanted to try. Without a word to any of the gaping friends and employees, Angel bent to pick Spike up, carefully cradling the blond against him as he turned and walked towards his private elevator. He stepped inside and punched the button for the penthouse, watching with grim satisfaction as the doors slid closed on Fred's horrified stare, Gunn's low oath, and Wesley's small nod of sympathy and understanding. If he'd ever had to wonder how much the ex-Watcher knew about him and Spike, he didn't have to think about it any longer.

But that could wait for another time. Right now he had a childe to tend to, and he wasn't likely to be all that happy when he woke up. Of course, a Spike who was upset with him was no novelty, Angel admitted, as he carried the limp figure into his apartment, but then he'd never really shown him how much he was wanted, so maybe he had a reason to be. Laying him down on the bed, Angel stroked his fingers over the purpling bruise along Spike's jaw, then forced himself to turn away. He had a lot to do before Spike regained consciousness, and not that much time to do it in.