SPANKING JULIA

BY KYSA Q

Julia was really special. She was quite dark, a Mediterranean
complexion, dark hair that she tied up, always leaving a few
loose strands hanging around her pretty face. A gorgeous slim
figure and a beautiful round bottom that she would wiggle and
drive me wild. She had dark nipples and the cutest breasts that
she would bounce around , I used to love it when she was on top
of me and she would go really crazy.... However what really made
her special was her love of a little discipline. She'd look all
helpless with those big dark eyes and tell me hat she felt a
little naughty ....Wow....

We had a big bed with an iron frame. Julia would go up the
stairs, take off her clothes and lie on her back on the bed. I
would follow her bringing two lengths of cord ...

As I came into the room she would tell me that she had been a
naughty girl, it was the way she said it that got to me every
time .... I got so hard just to look at her lying there...she
would always lie with her legs up and wide open and her hands
cupped under her breasts pushing them up ...

I'd lean over her and take one of her nipples in my mouth,
licking and gently biting her breasts. A she started to get
excited she would arch her back slightly and her hips would start
to move slowly ....

Naughty girls need to be punished ... She'd always reply without
hardly speaking but she would slowly mouth the words ..

Punish me , punish your naughty girl ...

Then she would smile, turn herself and kneel putting her hands
wide apart onto the iron bed frame ... taking the two pieces of
cord I'd tie her wrists to the bed.

From the table at the side of the bed there was a short handled
whip, it had several long thin leather tails ....

Tell me what you want .....

Whip me, please whip me ...whip me hard.

I'd start by slowly running the whip across her back and down her
bottom, as I did she would lower her head and shoulders, her
hands tied wide apart her back would arch and she would push her
bottom in the air.

A few gentle strokes across her buttocks,...

Whip me harder ..... please ...

I'd give her one hard stroke and she would jump, I'd love to
watch her body react to the sting of the whip, .... that
beautiful tanned young body, on her knees, legs apart, her
breasts hanging, her nipples hard and she would start to gasp
slightly, she knew it turned me on and she never
disappointed.....

I'd start to whip her, not too hard but enough to sting, she
would start to move to a rhythm as each stroke hit, gasping in
short sharp breaths ....

I'd stop and she would bury her head in the pillow as though
catching her breath and I would stroke my hand across her bottom,
just a little red from the whip .....

I think this naughty girl needs to be whipped a little harder
....

I'd whip her with a quicker rhythm, .... she would start to
squeal and pull against the ties on her wrists .... the stinging
blows landing on her back an her buttocks and the tops of her
legs, the tails of the whip curling round to catch her breasts
and the inside of her legs ....

She would close her eyes, her gasping louder and more urgent her
naked body jumping to each stinging stroke of the whip ....

I'd stop as she neared orgasm ....

I'd stroke her pussy, she was so wet and swollen, ..... putting
my fingers inside her I'd gently touch her clitoris, just leaving
my finger tip on her she would start to move her hips, pushing
herself on to my fingers ....

I think this naughty girl needs something special .....

Please, please, please, ...... she would excite me so much with
these words,....she knew it....

From the table I'd take a paddle, .... as she moved herself on my
fingers I would give her a hard slap with the paddle, she would
squeal and her body would jump forward then sit back onto my
fingers again ..... I'd start to spank her hard with the paddle
all the time she would move her hips, I'd push my fingers deeper
into her, still touching her clit ..... She would have beads of
sweat on her naked body, .... I loved to see her like this....
she was so sexy as I spanked her ..... her back arching as she
pushed her bottom up to take the paddle, her breasts bouncing as
she moved, she would often try to rub her nipples on the bed
.....

Harder, ...please ...harder ......God I loved it !!

Then I'd stop and she would keep moving her hips almost as if she
hadn't realised, ... I'd pull her legs so that she was lying flat
on the bed. I'd give several more hard spanks with the paddle.
Between each one she would almost scream out, I'd wait as I
watched her body tense up then relax, I'd rub the paddle slowly
over her bottom and then the next spank ......

Finally I she would lift her bottom into the air again getting
herself back on her knees. She'd have her legs wide apart her
shoulders pushed down onto the bed, her hands still tied wide.

I'd take a dildo from the table, as it touched her pussy she
would frantically push herself onto it, as she did I would spank
her with the paddle, she would jump forward and then desperately
try to take the dildo inside her again ....

Pushing it deep she would hold the dildo inside herself, I would
take the paddle and start to spank her again on her now sore
bottom. She would be moving her hips, if she slowed I would give
her another harder spank ......

Julia writhing on that bed with the dildo in her and the cutest
bottom pushed high in the air ......

She'd cum and she would scream !!

I get hard remembering ..... Julia was very special .......

