Ginny had the Muggle diary in her purse. She had been diligent about taking notes from the books and about recent developments in the Ministry legislature that she had been able to glean from her father or Percy. She had tried very hard to make it seem natural, and had been surprised to find it too easy to get her family to talk about work. They wanted to talk, since no one else in the Ministry seemed to care what they actually thought about the tax legislation that would be proposed prior to the summer vacation. It would actually be contemplated in the fall session, so no one was truly serious about discussing it yet.

She was playing a game with herself when she caught the flash of white-blond hair. She was looking at the other café patrons, trying to figure out their lives and their relationships to each other. While it was an innocent game she used to play a lot, now it was something that would help to hone her observational skills. She would need to know how she appeared to others, just as she would have to learn to recognize what she observed.

She was shocked to see the guests that Draco had brought with him, but kept her smile pasted on her face. "I'm not sure if you knew them from school," he began blithely, "but this is Blaise Zabini and this was Pansy Parkinson—"

"Chesterfield now," she said as she fell into a seat, wrinkling her nose. "The awful man."

Ginny blinked in surprised. "Are you drunk?"

"Only a little," Pansy chirped sunnily. She smiled at Blaise, her hand coming to rest on his thigh somewhere beneath the table's edge. "Only four glasses this morn."

"You said you would cut down," Blaise chided her, concern evident.

"Oh, but he was so horrid this morning," Pansy replied, covering her eyes with her hand. "I really needed more today, I really did."

"I have a letter from Iris," Blaise commented after an awkward moment, not sure what to say.

As Pansy squeaked in surprise, Draco leaned closer to Ginny. "I doubt you'd know this, but Pansy had to marry Chesterfield to save her family's home. Part of the deal was, she would have to cut all ties with her family, including her younger sister Iris." Draco nodded at the letter in Blaise's hand and watched as Pansy snatched it greedily to read. "She's in America, attending university. She had to leave England after she finished up Hogwarts. They're a disconnected society there, so no one cares that she's a Parkinson. We didn't even know Pans couldn't owl her until last week."

"That's awful," Ginny murmured.

"The things we go through for our families," Draco murmured shortly, moving slightly away from her. Ginny missed the warmth of him almost immediately. He signaled a waiter and put in an order for everyone.

"Oh, this is lovely," Pansy gushed, looking up with the letter in hand. "I used to think America was utter rubbish. She's doing so well and she's happy."

"I'm glad for you," Ginny replied, thinking of what Draco had just told her. She watched as Pansy threw her arms around Blaise and kissed him thoroughly. Cheeks pinked, she turned to Draco. "I thought she was married?"

"Chesterfield's eighty if he's a day," Draco replied dryly.

"Ah."

Once the tea arrived, the four were able to settle a bit and begin talk about the proposed legislation that would be discussed in the fall. Ginny surprised herself by remembering all of the notes she had taken. She actually understood most of what she was talking about, and she could see the grudging respect on Blaise's face.

"I suppose I should thank you, Miss Weasley," Blaise said, shaking his head. "When Draco first mentioned this plan, I thought you were pulling his leg."

"If we're going to discuss this kind of thing, you might as well call me Ginny. Or Ginevra," she added, knowing that Draco refused to call her by anything else once he had discovered what her true first name was. It's more regal, he had said, It suits you.

He smiled genuinely. "Then call me Blaise."

"But honestly," Pansy interrupted, a hand on Blaise's arm. "We really must do something about you, Ginny." She smiled winningly. "If we're going to do this, you have to shine."

"Shine?" Ginny asked faintly.

"But of course! I know just the place. You probably still go to Madam Malkin's, don't you?"

Ginny blinked in surprise. "Where else would I go?"

Pansy smacked herself in the forehead. "Oh, I absolutely must spend those Chesterfield galleons to do you up properly. And here in this realm, too! Draco, dear, what's an appallingly expensive place for fashion?" She abruptly stood and swayed slightly on her feet. "We have to go and get this girl looking fabulous."

Ginny stood, concerned about Pansy. "You don't have to..."

Blaise had stood as well, and put an arm around Pansy's waist. "There's time enough, Pans. You look fabulous enough for you both as it is."

"Yes, but we should be beautiful. Fabulously beautiful, with all eyes on us and wondering how in Merlin's grave did we get so lovely. Yes," she said with a firm nod, staring at Ginny. "Lots of admirers and beautiful clothes. Lots and lots and lots of beautiful clothes and all the little things that go with them to match, what's the word?"

"Accessories," Blaise supplied helpfully, stabilizing her. Pansy nodded and smiled beatifically.

Ginny sighed when she saw Draco dropping Muggle money on the table to cover the charges. It was sad, really. Pansy didn't have a real relationship, just an overflowing wallet and an empty home filled with things she hoped would make her happy. That certainly wasn't what Ginny wanted in her life, and it was depressing that Pansy had to settle for less than everything. But some of that is how the Ministry was after war, she told herself, falling into step outside the café. This is what we're trying to fix. This is exactly what I need to be doing.

"Don't look so glum," Draco offered helpfully. He took her arm gently. "It really won't be so bad. For all of her drunken talk, she has an excellent fashion sense. It won't be so terrible. Think of it as a thank you gift."

Ginny looked up into his quicksilver eyes, a slight smile on her lips. "A thank you?"

"She hasn't been this happy in a long time," Draco said slowly. "She's been utterly miserable and locked away in that stuffy mansion with that husband of hers. Now she's getting out and about, she's smiling and talking and not looking like the walking dead."

"It was that bad?"

Draco nodded. "Not everyone would see it that way, but she would. She's a social creature, and to be shut away isn't good for her." He frowned slightly. "Most Slytherins are social, believe it or not. We just can't be social with other groups because they fear us."

They. It was the Ministry now, the other Hogwarts houses. Ginny remembered keenly that not so long ago she and her friends had been using they to refer to Slytherins and Death Eaters alike.

Draco took her hand in his and guided her into an expensive shop in Muggle London. It made her acutely aware that they had all looked like two couples that were friends had spent some time together in the café. Now it looked like two friendly couples shopping together, the boyfriends making long suffering faces as they held pocketbooks and made appreciative noises as the girlfriends tried on new clothing.

Ginny's heart fluttered in her chest and her mouth was dry. Still, she couldn't turn away from him, couldn't let go of his hand. She didn't care how it looked, though she knew she should have cared. She should have thought about it. But all she could think about was Pansy's tongue inside Blaise's mouth at tea, and what it might be like to do the same to Draco.

Bugger it all, she was infatuated with Draco Malfoy.
***
"You're looking tired, dear," Molly commented as she put dessert out at the dinner table.

Ginny shrugged and smiled up at her mother. "Hard practice today, Mum. But we're trying out some new plays before the next season starts, so we need to put in longer hours." She looked over at her father, who was reading a bit of parchment at the table. "I thought we weren't supposed to bring work to the dinner table," she teased.

Arthur flushed a bit and laughed. "Oh, I don't know why I bother half the time. It's some tax law that Flaherty was talking about today, and I wanted to read up a bit on it. I never had to discuss tax law before all this."

Ginny smiled and held out her hand. "Is it difficult? Let me see."

He laughed and put it away. "Oh, you can't see official business, Ginny. In any case, it most likely won't be discussed before the summer session begins."

"Well, then, see if you can explain it to me. If you can explain it, then you really understand it."

Percy snorted from his place at the table. "It's dead boring, Ginny, nothing like Quidditch."

"And I suppose housing zones are so much more interesting?" she asked, voice arch. Percy flushed and Ginny laughed at him. "You aren't much better. You went from filing the paperwork to being the Minister's assistant. Now you're expected to know this, too."

"Well, I happen to be a quick study," Percy replied haughtily, digging into his dessert.

"Oh, hush. No talk of work or business," Molly interrupted, sitting down beside Arthur.

"I've been thinking about maybe doing charity work," Ginny began, digging into her own dessert. She could see she had their attention, and shrugged nonchalantly. "Once we have this play down, I'll have more time during the day to do something besides Quidditch. Maybe some kind of charity might be a good start."

"I think that's a lovely idea," Molly said with a smile. "Shall I look into some for you?"

Ginny shook her head. "Oh, I'll look about a bit. I have to see what won't take up a lot of time at first, what I'm interested in."

From there, the conversation turned to Ron and Hermione's first baby, who would be due in the next few months. They staunchly refused to tell anyone the gender, and Molly was beside herself trying to guess by Hermione's rounded shape. Ginny smiled and tried to play along, though she couldn't help but wonder what it might be like to be pregnant. Unfortunately, her thoughts then turned to the only possible candidate as a father at the moment, and she definitely didn't need that kind of complication from Draco Malfoy.
***
Millicent Bulstrode hadn't been a Death Eater during the war, but that didn't mean she didn't believe in blood purity. Hers was a long and proud lineage, woven in with some of the oldest Wizarding families in England. She had thought the Death Eaters were mindless bullies, and hadn't liked the idea of mindless torture or rape simply for the fun of it. She rather thought that Muggles should lead their own separate lives elsewhere, and that Squibs and Muggleborns were what resulted from interbreeding with them. She wasn't particularly vicious to anyone during the war, but had been tarred with the same brush in its aftermath because she was a proud member of Slytherin House. She opted to leave the country for a time, letting the dust settle for a bit. She wound up in Hungary and Germany for most of the following years, becoming more and more involved with international real estate.

"Millie, lovely to tempt you back home!" Pansy chortled, hugging Millicent close. Millicent sent Ginny a helpless look, arms crushed to her sides until Pansy let go of her. "Isn't it lovely to meet everyone all over again?"

Millicent sat down daintily at the table. She had been a rather rotund girl at Hogwarts, but had lost some weight since school. Now she looked voluptuous, and the curves on her large frame were flattering. It also helped that she had acquired expert tailors who knew how to accentuate her features so she looked devastatingly beautiful when she wanted to. "Well, we didn't all run in the same circles, Pansy," she said, nodding at Ginny. "Still, it's nice to see that some things do change with time."

Draco laughed. "Don't even think that's the case. We couldn't put the real reason for the visit in the owl, now could we?"

Ginny frowned slightly. She was dimly aware of their complaints that owls were monitored, though she couldn't get anyone she knew to admit that. Even Hermione, who sometimes would justify the Ministry actions, wouldn't confirm that there was a department that did nothing but intercept owls or monitor other communications. "That's one reason for coming, though."

"Quite," Blaise agreed. "We're going to start a whisper campaign."

Millicent looked around at their eager faces and began laughing. When they didn't laugh with her, she stopped. "You're serious?" Ginny nodded firmly. "Whispers? That's such a child's game. Do you honestly think it would work on a national level? Or international level?"

"If you whisper the right things to the right person, certainly."

Millicent sighed. "I can't believe I left Berlin for this."

"Well, there was a reason why we asked you to visit," Draco began when Ginny opened her mouth again. "One of the legislative bills that will be discussed in the fall concerns real estate law and inheritances. Of people we trust, you probably know the most about it."

Millicent arched a finely shaped eyebrow. "Why should I care about this? My inheritance won't be at risk."

"It just might," Ginny replied tartly. "Part of the content of the bill concerns expatriates, since a lot of former Death Eaters left the country."

She bristled visibly. "My cousins might be fools that way, but I was never a Death Eater." She glared at Ginny.

Ginny shrugged negligently. "Do you think the Ministry would honestly care enough to separate out who left for what reason? I'm not calling you names, Millicent. I'm pointing out what's on the table in the fall."

"And you know this why?"

"My family members happen to be on the legislature," she replied crisply.

Millicent's mouth snapped shut. She looked at their earnest faces again, this time feeling the urgency in their request. "They would really do this, wouldn't they?" They all nodded grimly. "Oh, dear. I was hoping I wouldn't have to bother with any of that nonsense. Things are so much simpler in Germany."

Ginny sipped her tea and tried not to think about how surreal this conversation was. She had never been out of the country, and the Slytherins were all so very cosmopolitan. They took this ease for granted, never once thinking that it wasn't second nature for everyone else. It often came across as being smug and self-centered. They just didn't seem to understand that everyone else wasn't as advantaged or privileged as they were. Still, some childish part of her quailed at the thought of being with them. They were Slytherin. These were the same people Ginny had thought deserved Azkaban or worse just a few years previously. While she was aware that it was a childish prejudice, it was still hard to shake the feeling. They were sharp tongued and caustic with whoever displeased them, with quick wit and a ferocious intellect that wasn't driven for its own sake. Ginny felt as though she was losing a part of herself by spending so much time among them, as if she was becoming more Slytherin and less Gryffindor by the passing week. Still, she could see the advantage of having them on her side.

The Slytherins were expert at making things work to their advantage.

"My mother is thinking of starting a charity to help war orphans," Draco began. Millicent looked startled by the non sequitur. "I do believe she'll need help in managing it. You would make a lovely manager, Millie."

"What's it called?" Pansy asked eagerly. She had already promised to help this fictional charity to get out of Chesterfield House. "Something charming and elegant?"

"It hasn't got a name yet," Draco replied.

"Random Friends?" Ginny offered, reaching for a biscuit. They all stared at her. "What? Isn't that what we are?"

Draco shook his head. "Interesting, but not my mother's style. I'll have to let you know what she ultimately chooses."

"What? She's going to join, too?" Millicent asked, shocked.

"It's a perfect meeting place," Ginny replied mildly. She gave Millicent the smile she usually reserved for dim reporters that didn't realize she wanted to go home after a particularly brutal match. "And as a public sports figure, I can attract other kinds of interest to the charity."

Millicent looked at them all helplessly. "You're mental, the lot of you." She sighed. "But all right, I'm in. Someone's got to look out after you."
***
Ginny had dressed fairly nicely to meet Narcissa Malfoy. Pansy had gone out of her way to make sure Ginny had an entirely new and tres chic wardrobe, but it all felt unnatural to Ginny. She wasn't used to the fine fabrics and elegant cuts. She felt as though she ought to be terribly dainty and careful so as not to wrinkle the clothing, let alone stain them. In her own flat, she could flop down on the couch with a pint of ice cream and not worry if some dribbled on her shirt. In Malfoy Manor, she was concerned about stepping the wrong way. The house felt alive somehow, and vaguely disapproving.

Narcissa decided to name her new charity Helping Hands, so as not to limit her involvement with only war orphans. She had gotten the idea over the past several years, but none of the charities she had worked with previously had wanted to take up the cause. At least, they hadn't wanted to take it up at her suggestion.

"It's awfully nice of you to create this charity," Ginny began, a little uncertain how to broach the subject. Draco had said Narcissa knew what the charity's other reason for being would be, but Ginny didn't know exactly how much Narcissa knew regarding their plans.

"I corresponded with Andy following the war," Narcissa began slowly. "We're sisters, though we haven't spoken in years. I could never understand why she valued him so much as to leave us all behind, but that doesn't make the loss of a husband and child any less." Narcissa smoothed her hands over the parchment she had laid out on the table, which held the names of all of her charity contacts. "I don't agree with her, can't, really, but would never take joy in her pain. It's been difficult to write to each other again. Many painful things have been said, and I doubt that it will ever be forgotten. But she's alone now, and having a toddler in the house can be trying for her." Narcissa's face brightened as she looked at Ginny. "He sometimes visits, and it's been wonderful to have a child in the Manor again."

Ginny nodded. "Teddy's a wonderful boy. I should probably visit more than I do."

"He's what inspired me to begin Helping Hands. If others cannot listen, then I shall have to construct the means to help orphaned children."

"They can't help who their parents were," Ginny offered.

Narcissa nodded briskly. "Quite." Her eyes glanced over Ginny's outfit and the stiff posture she held herself in. "This is all new to you, I'm sure. You haven't been involved in society or in charity work before, and there is bound to be new things for you."

"That's an understatement," Ginny said in relief. "There's also—"

"And what you will need to understand," Narcissa continued as if Ginny hadn't spoken, "is that society is not a forgiving place. It relies on subtlety and strict adherence to unspoken rules that outsiders will never learn. You could be so gauche as to break one and never be told why invites won't follow." Her expression was cold, and Ginny had the distinct impression that she had done just that. "Language is important, of course, as is how you present yourself in such places. The choice of words is as important as how they are said. You must always carry yourself like a lady, always remember that you don't just represent yourself, but the collective lifetimes of your house and family." Her eyes narrowed slightly. "I am making myself clear, am I not?"

Ginny nodded slowly. "I'm aware that there are connections I lack," she began carefully. "I am hoping to correct that."

Narcissa nodded, pleased. Ginny had unconsciously copied her style of speaking, which would only serve to help her in this endeavor. "Subtlety is critical. Society circles would never say so explicitly, but it relies on innuendo to function properly." Narcissa smirked at the dismayed look on Ginny's face. "Think of it as collective flirting."

That brought unbidden images to Ginny's mind. "I know how that works," she grumbled.

Eyebrow lofted in careful censure, Narcissa stared at Ginny. "Your name has cachet now, of course. Your profession will give you some allowances. But never think it will make you immune to gossip. The whispers and stares will be everywhere, and you must be above it or you will fail. If you falter, even by a millimeter, all you hope to accomplish will be lost. You are walking on that fine an edge."

Ginny's mouth had gone dry, and she nodded. She would have to be comfortable among the upper crust of Wizarding society. She would have to know to speak the same way they did, appear to value the same things they did. She would have to be careful with every word, every glance. "I want to do this the right way. I would never want to harm our ultimate goals by doing something offensive."

Narcissa's lip quirked, giving her a sardonic air that reminded Ginny of Draco. It was almost calming. "And that is why you are here, aren't you? So now we will begin planning the opening ball for Helping Hands. This must begin on an auspicious note, and we will all have to have the same kind of footing."

Ginny sat through the discussion that followed, the lists of society's who's who and Narcissa's comments regarding their susceptibility to their cause. "There will have to be a tipping point, when the collective thoughts of the masses will change merely by the weight of a thousand whispered words. That is what we are working toward," Narcissa told her, words clipped and sure. "This is why you must be discreet in your intentions."

Afterward, Ginny found Draco standing outside the Malfoy Manor Floo room. "Waiting for me?" she asked, eyebrow arched in curiosity.

"Wanting to see if Mother's scarred you for life yet," he teased. He was leaning on the doorframe casually, but even that seemed to carry a graceful air. "I remember her lectures on diction and proper etiquette lasting for hours."

"I was lectured in innuendo," Ginny replied, adding a playful haughtiness to her tones. "As well as whoever will be at this ball in a month." She looked up at him. "Did she really lecture you on etiquette?"

Draco lifted his right hand as if making a pledge. "As the final scion of the Black and Malfoy houses, it is my solemn duty to behave in a manner most decorous. I carry the weight of all my collective ancestors and must reflect on their honor." He grinned at her rakishly. "Of course, they're probably all spinning about in their graves right now, but there we are."

Ginny laughed and pushed past him into the Floo room. It still felt strange to be there, though they had exchanged Floo connection codes weeks ago. "It's a lot of responsibility you carry, there. And here I thought you might be as inexperienced as I was."

She watched as his quicksilver eyes darkened a fraction. It wasn't with anger, but with something else she couldn't quite name. Think of it as collective flirting, Narcissa had said about innuendo. Her words could be construed in a number of different ways, not all of them innocent. Oh, dear, had she said something wrong?

"I wouldn't call you inexperienced," Draco countered smoothly, his stance a little tense. "Perhaps untutored would be a better word. It's certainly more flattering."

Ginny turned slightly and stepped closer to Draco, within arm's reach. Another step more, and they were nearly breathing in the same breath. "And the flattering comments should be savored, shouldn't they?" she asked, a decidedly seductive undercurrent to her words. What in Merlin's name was she doing?

His eyes darkened a fraction more, and it seemed as though his next breath wouldn't come easily. "I suppose they should. They carry an air of truth, regardless."

Ginny stood on tiptoe so that they were at eye level with each other. She placed both hands on his shoulders to stabilize her precarious footing. His lips parted slightly, and hers did as well, almost unconsciously. "The truth is important, isn't it? Above all else?"

"We're bending it with this plan of yours."

"Oh, take ownership in your part, Draco," Ginny murmured softly. "I couldn't do this alone. I wouldn't want to do this alone."

"Ginevra, I don't—"

Ginny leaned in and kissed him on impulse. Usually her impulses did nothing but land her into all kinds of trouble. For some reason, her impulses around Draco Malfoy were working out to change her life for the better. For some reason, they started to make sense, and she could see the pattern in them. She could trust her instincts around him, even if no one else she knew would ever believe such a thing. He wasn't some deceitful bastard out to get her, he wasn't someone who would break her just because he could.

She leaned into the kiss, her arms sliding around his shoulders. His mouth opened under hers as his arms slid around her waist. She slid her tongue into his mouth, caressing the edge of his lips and teeth and tongue. The kiss was sensual in a way she hadn't experienced before, a curiosity that wouldn't be satisfied even after a dozen more. She wanted more of this, and the roiling need deep inside of her took her breath away. Draco responded to her touch, and she could feel that it was genuine. He wasn't restraining himself, but exploring her mouth in much the same way she had explored his. The measured way he carried himself was gone, and the press of his fingers into her back carried an almost desperate air. He wanted this as much as she did, even if neither of them were able to say it in words.

Ginny broke the kiss slowly and breathed in the heady scent of him. She slowly backed away and headed for the Floo. She smiled at him, reveling in the tingling on her lips. "I'll see you next week, Draco. I'm looking forward to it."

Without giving him a chance to respond, she stepped into the Floo.
***
***