Wilhelm could not deny it any longer. 

What had sprung as a far-fetched idea had germinated into a thought, had become a preoccupation, evolved into a fixation and finally bloomed into a full-blown obsession. 

It was constantly in his thoughts throughout the day and he even had dreams about it at night, snapping out of his slumbers confused and horny, hot and sweaty besides the naked sleeping body of his wife Cheryl. More often than not he would take the heat out of his rampantly hard cock by mounting her and relieving the pressure in his ball sac by exploding his pent-up cum deep inside her writhing pussy.

Not that she was overtly keen about this - disturbing her sleep - and more often than not the encounter would begin with her moaning and groaning about being woken up. However, as the fervour of his heat sank his cock deeper and deeper inside her, her moans and groans of complaint changed into moans and groans of heated passion as her body smacked against his in a fusion of uncontrolled passion.

He had never had doubts that Cheryl was a hot piece of stuff, a woman who loved to be sucked and fucked and used hard and constantly. It was in fact this aspect of her that had first set the ball rolling in his mind. She was so hot and passionate that he just could not bring himself to believe that a woman like Cheryl could possibly be content with having sex with just one man on a long-term basis.

There was not one aspect of sex that she shied away from - she was game for anything. She dressed provocatively, wobbled her generous ass-cheeks when she walked so that passing men would leer at her and if she were alone, pass a crude or suggestive remark or two. Cheryl loved that sort of attention.

She was a pretty and buxom blonde with pale blue eyes and fluttering eye-lashes, not abundantly intelligent but hardened and street-wise enough to be able to hold her own when the going became tough.

When Wilhelm suggested they spice up their sex life by watching porn films, she was only too eager. They had been married for five years and sex had entered into a routine rut. 
She only imposed a few conditions.

"No kiddie porn, no animal stuff and none of that vomit with people pissing over each other. I just want straight-forward lusty porn".

Wilhelm had always thought that women weren't into porn, that it was just a "man" fixation but Cheryl loved it. She loved to hear the sounds and particularly loved comparing the size and width of pricks of various male porn stars and the way they used them. 

She was also voluble when watching these films and made various remarks which were normally "oohs" and "aahs" and on occasional "wow". She also loved films with specific themes, like the man of the house fucking the babysitter or the office boss fucking his secretary.

Their sexual relations were hot and passionate with both suffering an insatiability that left Wilhelm's thoughts wandering in many directions. He fantasised a great deal about other women, a fantasy fuelled by the porn films and the situations they contrived and his very active and fertile imagination. He imagined being with other women, dreaming about their nakedness, about the way he would seduce them and have sex with them.

He built up his own secret thoughts, physically giving vent to these in his passionate and frequent relations with Cheryl. He imagined being with other women as he pounded Cheryl in the various positions and locations they continually contrived, taking her over the kitchen table, in the shower, on the carpet. They experimented with anal sex in which he enjoyed her tightness and in which she responded with sometimes painful but mostly delighted squeals.

Her hands worked wonders on his prick during impromptu hand-jobs and her mouth positively gaggled when his lips sought her wet and dripping pussy flaps and he felt her hot lips encircle and envelope his raging meat.

Then, like a bolt of lightning, the thought struck him one fine day. 

What if Cheryl were like him and had built up her own world of fantasy where she was imagining having sex with one of her neighbours or one of the guys at work when they were having sex together?

His reasoning was that if he imagined other women, why was she not doing that too by imagining other men? He loved porn and she loved it too. Her insatiability matched his. Was she having sex with other men? He began to wonder, and the thought began to dominate his mind. His imagination and fantasy began to roam.

The thought of Cheryl being fucked by another man began to titillate him. During solo masturbation sessions which he was recurring to with frequency to supplement their own sexual actions, he imagined her being taken and used by another man as he sat by and watched them. He dreamt of her sexually provocative eyes fully watching him as the other man fondled and caressed her and as the other man engineered his prick into her pussy and began to sink his meat into her.

These thoughts began to dominate his mind more and more. He realised he didn't mind seeing her have sex with other men as long as he knew about it and as long as it didn't take place behind his back and without his knowledge.

Time and time again he considered taking Cheryl into his confidence and making these thoughts known to her, but each time he pulled back at the crucial moment because he couldn't be perfectly sure of her reaction and how she would take his suggestion.     

His preoccupation with this idea became constant and more pronounced. His mind began to race in various contrived situations. Like, he owed money to a lender but did not have the ready cash to pay him back on time. The man suggested a barter in which he would fuck Cheryl in lieu of payment.

He imagined his boss taking him aside and telling him that his job could be in jeopardy but could be assured if Cheryl were made available to him. In another situation Cheryl had been caught shop-lifting and the security man was on the point of phoning the police but then made a suggestion that if Cheryl were nice to him he would be willing to forget the incident.

He imagined her being blackmailed, paying for the blackmailer's silence with her body.

Then his imagination began to stretch further. What if he watched her being taken by two men at the same time? One would hold her captive whilst feeding her his cock and the other man would be taking her hard and then the two would change positions. What if it were three men? What if they tied him up and forced him to watch the three of them giving his wife a good pounding?

Mentally and physically he began to wear himself out. Mentally because he spent most of his time dreaming about these situations until his temples began to ache and physically because he had to handle Cheryl's insatiability and constant demand for sexual attention whilst supplementing this with his need for secret masturbation where he could sit back and let his imaginations roam.

Then he came across a series of porn films that really sent him almost berserk. In one, men were invited to bring their wives to the studio and be allowed to watch them being fucked by a porn star. The situations were of course contrived but he imagined they were for real.

In another series there were a number of situations that were aligned to his thoughts. Two men played cards and the loser was totally cleaned out until his only bargaining asset was to offer his wife as stake and he lost her too in the final hand and then had to watch his victor ravishing her. A speed cop stopped a man for speeding. The offence meant being hauled to court where the driver could lose his licence if found guilty but as his job was driving a mail van, losing his licence would mean losing his job, unless ...

He felt he was nearing the point of having a total break-down. His dilemma hurt him more and more. Should he confide in Cheryl? What would be her reaction? What if his thoughts disgusted her and the very idea disgusted her? Was it best to keep everything bottled up and try to carry on as normal?

Perhaps he was mentally ill. Surely it wasn't normal for a man to harbour such thoughts about his own wife? Maybe he was a deviant? Maybe he was sick? Maybe Cheryl's insatiability had been magnified in his imagination and that in reality she was acting normally responsive whilst he was letting his sexual thoughts run away with him.

He made an appointment with a psychologist and attended several sessions before being given the psychologist's final verdict.

He was pronounced as having sado-masochistic tendencies - something which he had long suspected anyway. He gained sexual thrills from being in a subservient position where he wanted other men to have sex with his wife and obtained pleasure from watching her being ravished and watching them enjoying her, passing lewd comments and describing to him what they were doing to her. He also harboured feelings of guilt and hurt in that she could so easily enjoy having sex with other men when she should be only his. 

A fusion of both these sensations was the basis of his sado-masochism.

"Can anything be done?" he asked.

The psychologist looked at him searchingly and shrugged.

"It depends on how you choose to handle the matter. You can either subvert your tendencies and replace them with a more positive assertion of your one-to-one relationship with Cheryl, or you can risk taking Cheryl in your confidence and facing the consequences. I'm afraid there is no easy way out of this matter. You could attend a sex clinic, discuss and have them help you with your sex problem"

The thought of attending a sex clinic certainly did not appeal to him. His only solution was to try and suppress his desires and try and restore himself to normality. That was easier said than done and unsurprisingly, he failed.

Confusion reigned in his mind. It even affected his usual gusty sex performances with Cheryl, and she noted his decline too as she tried to gauge his pensive moods and tried to figure out what was going on in his mind.

Finally he reached a decision. He would have to make a clean breast of things. He would have to tell Cheryl and face the consequences, whatever they could be. At one extreme scenario she would take it sportingly and readily agree to his proposals. At the other extreme their marriage could be jeopardised and he could end up losing everything. This scenario appealed to him. It could be all or nothing.

Then, things took a surprising turn as they often do in life. Man proposes, but more often than not it is events and evolution that determine an outcome. He had steeled himself up to tell Cheryl everything, to sit down and plan with her as to how to go about introducing another male partner in her life. It was just a matter of time. If not today, then tomorrow or the day after that - but within a week he was determined on reaching a final solution.

Two days after taking the decision to go full steam ahead he returned home in the evening to see Cheryl seated on their sitting room sofa in deep conversation with another girl he had never seen before. Cheryl worked as a super-store cashier and Wilhelm had often met some of her friends but not this one.

The girl was crying, her head sunk onto her clenched fists, her brunette hair streaming down her face where it mingled with her tears. Cheryl had an arm around her shoulder and was trying to comfort her in a mothering way.

His wife glanced at him as he entered the room and the girl seemed startled.

"It's ok sweetie, it's ok. This is my husband Wilhelm, Will this is my friend Dee. She's had some bad luck".

"Hey, sorry to hear that" Wilhelm said, settling into a nearby arm chair. "What's up Dee? What's happened? How can we help you".

Dee's sobs became louder.

She was a short, sturdy and chunky girl, probably still in her teens and a good ten years younger than them. A couple of studs were embedded in her left nostril and Wilhelm glimpsed the shape of a colourful tattoo dropping down her very generous right breast. Dee shook her head and just sobbed.

It was Cheryl who explained the situation.

"Dee is from out of town. She came here to be with her boy friend about two months ago as they were planning to marry but then he suddenly changed his mind and ended their relationship." Cheryl paused. "A month ago she started work in our store but this afternoon she was laid off because our sales are down and new staff has been laid off. She was behind on her rent as her partner cleared off without paying and now she's been thrown out of her apartment. 

"I've told her she can stay with us until things get better. I know you wouldn't mind that. Is that ok with you sweet?"

Wilhelm nodded approvingly. "Sure, that's no problem. We have plenty of room here. Dee you can stay as long as you like until you get back on your feet. Our house is your house".

The distraught girl managed a smile. She had a pretty face, a cute face really and still so young.

"Gee, that's really kind of you. I really appreciate this. I'll try and find another job and meanwhile I'll help around the house and do stuff like that".

Cheryl hugged her even more tightly.

"Hey, don't worry about that. Take your time and relax. Things will sort themselves out and you'll be back to your old self in a few days". 

The two girls' eyes met and then their lips met. It wasn't a lingering kiss but a girlie kiss, but it was enough to startle Wilhelm. He knew little about girl-girl relationships and therefore assumed it was equivalent to two guys giving each other a consoling hug.

"Now, go and shower sweetie and you'll feel better. We'll have dinner and watch some television and then you'll get a good night's rest".

Dee obediently went off to shower and there were one or two more surprises for Wilhelm to absorb. Cheryl had paid off Dee's two months' back rent and had brought Dee with her suitcase and already allocated her the spare bedroom. Things had moved pretty fast Wilhelm thought, but under the circumstances the speed was justified.

Wilhelm had perforce to revise his plans. With Dee around he couldn't possibly proceed with his plans to tell Cheryl everything. The delay was not of his liking, particularly after he had taken so long to steel himself up to reveal all to Cheryl.

A week went by uneventfully the only noteworthy matter being that Cheryl and Wilhelm experienced an uncustomary drop in the sex department. Dee seemed to be around all the time and anyway, their encounters were normally volubly noisy and that would have been an embarrassment. Wilhelm stashed away all the porn films in their bedroom wardrobe.

He made a few casual observations. Cheryl and Dee were pretty friendly, with his wife taking the more dominant role, but that was understandable as she was ten years older. Dee adored her but that was understandable too because it was after all Cheryl that had bailed her out.

Dee didn't seem too inclined to go out job hunting. When they both left for work in the morning Dee was still deeply asleep in her bed. During the day she did some housework and once she tried to prepare some dinner but the results were pretty disastrous and they had a good laugh about that!

Cheryl normally returned home earlier than him and he normally found them in animated conversation, discussing clothes or make-up styles, or the previous night's television programme or Cheryl recounting one or two amusing stories that happened during her working day.

When Dee became pensive, Cheryl would rally her round, finding interesting things to talk about and Dee seemed well on the way to putting her troubles behind her and making a new start.

Wilhelm made a few mental notes he wanted to discuss with Cheryl. Their lack of bedroom action was beginning to tell on his nerves. He was still secretly masturbating in the shower unashamedly fantasising about Dee, mentally conjuring up her naked young body, her magnificent rack and her pretty face. She had a plump ass too and overall could be described as having a thick body, sturdy and solid.

His old thoughts were flooding back into his obsession with a double ripple effect. Dee was now featuring in his fantasies of a group of men gangbanging both Cheryl and her as he watched, culminating in Cheryl subsiding under a shower of cum as the gangbang crew spewed their hot loads all over her whilst he was pounding his meat deep inside Dee as she writhed and gasped to take his fat, throbbing meat deep inside her.

He had become more disturbed then ever. How much longer could he hold out? 

Into the second week, he returned home one evening to a quiet house, lacking the normal animated chatter between the two women. Cheryl was sitting alone in their sitting room. The lights were dim and three or four candles had been strategically placed around the room.

His wife was provocatively curled up in an arm chair wearing a skimpy tank top and the shortest mini skirt Wilhelm had ever seen her possess, exposing fully her thighs and delicious legs. Her thighs were disturbingly ajar revealing a slim portion of her pussy flaps.

Wilhelm's heart leapt. They were about to have sex at last. Dee must have gone out somewhere. His cock stiffened and he drew a deep breath.

"I'll just have a quick shower" he managed to croak.

"Sure" she said sexily, her voice latent with expectation. "Use the spare shower".

"Why not our bedroom shower?" he asked, puzzled.

"Do as I say. Use the spare shower. Off you go". He didn't argue further. She must have some reason. He knew Cheryl well. She was decisive and persuasive at all times.

He must have taken the quickest shower in his life so impatiently towelling himself down that droplets of water still glistened over his body when he returned, naked and with his cock dangling atrociously heavy and expectant, wanting Cheryl's red lips to close around his distended cock-head.

Cheryl uncurled and sexily slunk off the arm chair.

"I'm going to blindfold you" she said coyly.

"What? What ever for?

"Do as I ask" she replied more decisively. She tied a black blindfold over his eyes. He felt her hot fingers grip his cock, pulling him slowly forwards. He had a mental chuckle. Cheryl must have picked this up from one of the porn films they had seen. This was to be a session in which she would take a dominant role.

Slowly he followed her pulls and tugs, her fingers slowly massaging his cock which became so stiff he felt it unbalancing him. Then they stopped. There was an aroma of scented candles smelling like flower petals and he guessed they had reached the bedroom. Cheryl positioned him, standing upright, his cock fully extended.

"I'm taking the blindfold off now" she said in a smooth, purring voice "but I want you to keep your eyes closed until I tell you to open them".

"Ok" he replied gutturally.

She was standing behind him, fondling his cock.

"Keep those eyes closed" she murmured.

He felt a studded collar being put around his neck and felt the cold links of a chain dangling from the collar with Cheryl holding the end of the chain.
She pushed him slightly forward and tightened her grip on the chain.

"Now" she said softly, "you can open your eyes".

His eyes blinked to adjust themselves to the change of light, particularly to the flickering candles. As he focussed his brain registered the scene before his flickering eyes.

Dee was lying stark naked on their bed, flat on her back, her knees raised, her thighs spread apart. With one hand she was massaging her pink and shaved pussy which glistened with oil and her own hot moistures, the other hand caressing a large brown nipple on one of her ample tits.

He gasped in amazement. Cheryl's hands caressed his ball sac, her fingers digging deeply into his prick which was so stiff he felt it at bursting point.

Cheryl pulled the chain and yanked him onto his knees as Dee slid down the bed so that her curvy legs dangled from the end. Her hot pussy came into direct line with his nostrils and lips so that he smelt the sweetness of her hot juices which were trickling down her thighs. Her fingers continued to massage her cunt so that it emitted little bursts of oily liquid and he heard the squelch sounds of her masturbating with her own liquid.

"Dee hasn't been eaten out by a man for some time. Chew her out". Roughly she thrust his head into the pink meat and his lips automatically closed over the pubes as he hungrily sucked and devoured the juices, his tongue furiously wagging as he sought the hotness of her clit and her oozing slit".

Dee moaned and writhed. Cheryl hovered over them, inspecting and making sure they were getting the best out of each other.

"Is that good sweetie?" she purred. "I told you he was good - he loves sucking pussy. Now I'll get you chewing on his cock. We haven't had sex since you moved in so I guess he has a stack of cum to release".

Dee replied dreamily. "Oh yeah...feed me his cock. I want him in my mouth. I want his cum all over me. I'm so hot".

Cheryl yanked the collar and hauled Wilhelm to his feet. 

Was this a dream or a fantasy? He had yearned and ached so much to see his Cheryl with another man, but obviously Cheryl had been equally fantastically busy contriving for him to be with another woman as she watched them perform. It was almost unbelievable and she had manoeuvred it so skilfully and without wasting time.

Dee's young lips closed over his throbbing cock, strands of her spittle dangling and frothing over his instrument. 

Then he experienced another innovatory surprise. Cheryl slid down the bed. Her tongue avariciously licked Dee's navel and worked its way down her plump and curvy thighs. She chewed gently on the folds of thigh flesh and then hungrily attacked Dee's cunt, slobbering and sucking greedily at her dangling meat strips and when Dee climaxed and ejected jets of hot, streaming liquid into Cheryl's mouth, Cheryl bucked and moaned because she had been busily working her own throbbing pussy and had masturbated herself to her own climax with her wet and sticky fingers.

So Cheryl had unleashed her own bisexual side to him, something which he would not have expected or anticipated in a hundred years.

The days of sexual bliss that followed still left Wilhelm in a whirl of fantasy. All the plans and obsessions he had nurtured were being nurtured by Cheryl. Worried by his seemingly fall in sexual appetite she had decided it was time to spice up their marriage with a different dimension.

Dee's predicament was timely and to be used opportunely. She had bailed her out on the rent and Cheryl had further provided board and accommodation. Persuading Dee to barter her body in return had not been difficult and in a deft move she had killed two birds with one stone because she had always dreamt of another woman in their sex life, making it possible for her to reveal and relieve her own bisexual desires.

Wilhelm did experience a sting in the tail - but it had worked out in his favour.

PHOENIX46
1st March 2010

