It's the first time you've seen Cally since the Galactica was decommissioned. She'd gotten a job crewing deep space freighters, and rarely turns up in Caprica City these days. Or so you'd heard; it had been so long that Galen was surprised to get her comm. As you tongue your way toward her nipple, you imagine you can taste the stale, acrid air of long voyages on her skin, like a dusting of ambrosia. You've been shuttling dignitaries around the colonies for years now as a military escort -- as if there's nothing left of your civilization but the decadent rituals of politics -- and the flavor of the stars is a memory blossoming in your mouth.

Cally's fingertips are tracing the distended swell of your belly, testing its shape.

"You know, when the baby comes," Galen had said, "we're going to be too tired to do this very often." You were sprawled in bed after a frak. "Isn't there anything you've always wanted to try?" He'd kissed your neck suggestively as he asked; this had never been your idea.

You met Cally for drinks, and she sparkled in the dim lighting of the bar. Her hair is shorter than on Galactica and falls stylishly across one eye, and she wears lipstick. You watched Galen slant toward her like a magnet to iron, and shifted from one hip to the other on the stool, trying to find your balance.

"I'm sorry I couldn't make it back to Caprica for the wedding," Cally said, with disarming sincerity. "I'm told it was stunning."

"Sharon was so lovely." Galen smiled indulgently, letting one hand rest on your bare forearm.

"That's not hard to imagine" -- and Cally blushed as she replied. Two hours later, Galen is pumping his cock as he watches you undress her, sliding your palms up her ribs to gather her slip.

Her pelvis undulates against your jaw as you suck her clit, but you know your technique is clumsy and uninspired. She's looking at Galen as you eat her, and you suspect her alluring sighs of pleasure are mostly for show. Sure enough Galen groans, and scrambles to straddle her head. She blows him enthusiastically, letting him work her throat until she gags. She slides her fingers into her own folds, then, and you stop licking and sit back, wiping her off your mouth with a corner of the sheet.

She really is beautiful like this, flush spreading over her chest as she strokes herself frantically. Galen's eyes are closed; one hand is supporting her neck, the other squeezing a breast rhythmically. Next he's going to frak Cally, while she goes down on you. He may think of this as an eleventh-hour effort to spice up your sex life, but his desires are numbingly predictable.

The baby kicks you as he somersaults, and these people who should be his family seem suddenly like strangers, extra terrestrials who materialized in your bed by hyperlight jump. Blanketed in empty spectacle and routine, you cradle your stomach and wish you had a different world to offer him.