                                   The Wrong Room
                                   By Lust 4 Life

Diane goes to a hotel for a rendezvous with a man she has only met on the net. But she 
goes to the wrong room. MMMF.

Intro

Butterflies of anticipation danced in Dianes stomach as she lay in the tub. Her husband 
was out of town on business for three days and the kids were spending the night at 
friends. She had been waiting for this opportunity for a long time. She was going to a 
hotel to meet Bob, a man she had never met before, and if things went as she expected, 
she was for the first time since getting married, going to screw someone other than her 
husband.

After 14 years of marriage, her life had lost its zest. She remembered once she had felt 
the world was hers for the taking, life had been full of opportunity and adventure. And 
the romance when she met her husband had been exciting, stimulating, the stuff of 
dreams. Now she felt each day was the same routine and she could see it stretching out 
endlessly in front of her. She loved her husband and her kids, but she longed for the 
mystery, the adventure, the sense of freedom she had once known. Even her sex life had 
lost its spark. The frequency had dwindled, and even the intensity; they had fallen into a 
predictable routine of the same old, same old.

Diane had thought about how change this, to bring the excitement back to her marriage, 
but her attempts to add excitement within her marriage had not succeeded. Finally she 
had begun to think of ways of adding some excitement outside of marriage. Her biggest 
problem was how to meet someone interesting, without her husband finding out. An on-
line dating service seemed like the way to meet people outside her current circle of 
friends. After some looking, Diane decided to post an ad on one of the sites under a 
pseudonym. She was surprised at the large number of responses she received. After 
winnowing through the responses, eliminating ones that were weird, were looking for 
romantic relationships, or who just didnt appeal to her, Diane began to correspond with 
several potential men. For the first time in a long time, she felt a sense of excitement and 
daring in her life. She was talking to these men not just about sex, but about possibly 
having sex with them. As time passed, some men lost interest because she could not 
immediately meet them, some she decided were not a good match. Eventually she was 
down to one man, Bob.

She and Bob communicated by email, exploring each others fantasies and desires, 
getting to know each other. They sometimes traded erotic pictures or teased each other. 
Diane often mused to herself how strange this relationship was. It was based on sex or the 
anticipation of sex. In her experience, most relationships began with acquaintance, moved 
to friendship, and then might move to intimacy. To start with the assumption of sex was 
upside down. This wasnt even going to be a hot date leading to a romp in bed. This was 
to be a meeting explicitly for sex, where she was to meet a man for the first time and 
probably with few preliminaries, get naked and fuck. The thought made her feel slutty, 
and she found she liked the thought of acting like a wanton slut, making herself available 
and spreading her legs for a total stranger.

Diane realized that while meeting Bob and the anticipation of sex were turning her on, 
she was also getting turned on by the thought of acting like a slut. Instead of being mild, 
conservative Diane the house-wife, she liked the idea of being wild, uninhibited Diane, 
causing eyes to open, heads to turn, a woman obviously hot and looking for a man. 
Before her bath, Diane had picked out a nice, sexy, but still respectable outfit. Now she 
decided to be outrageous. She had an outfit she had bought while trying to spice up life at 
home, an outfit she would normally never have considered wearing out in public. If 
thinking of acting like a slut was turning her on, this was her chance to go for it and act 
the slut.

Stepping out of the tub, she dried off and examined her body in the mirror. Still a very 
attractive package she thought  a little extra padding in the middle, but she could still 
see the flare of a womans hips, and while not standing straight out, she had a nice pair of 
full breasts. Her shoulder length hair framed a pretty face, her skin was still smooth. 
Overall, the look of an experienced, sensuous, mature woman. She got her outfit and 
looked at it, now with a little hesitation  did she really dare wear this out in public? Well 
certainly not where any of her friends would see her, but to the motel to meet Bob  why 
not?

The outfit was a two piece affair. The skirt was barely long enough to cover her pussy on 
the bottom, and barely came up high enough to cover her pubic hair on top. Underneath, 
she wore a mini pair of red underwear, just a small triangle in front and back, held 
together with straps. If she bent over, most of her smooth ass was in plain view and there 
would be no doubt about the color of her underwear. The strapless top was several sizes 
too small, squeezing her breasts together and upward as if a pair of hands were pushing 
them up and out. The material barely covered her nipples, leaving the tops of her breasts 
exposed and threatening to explode out of the top. The material came just to the bottom 
of her ribs in front, leaving her belly button exposed and a wide expanse of bare skin 
before coming to the top of her skirt. The material plunged on the sides, wrapping around 
her body and just connected by a thin strip across her lower back. A pair of spike heels 
completed the basic outfit. Ill be lucky if I dont get arrested for indecent exposure she 
thought to herself, looking in the mirror. To complete the slutty look, she added some 
make-up, eye-liner, lipstick, and jewelry. I guess no one will have any doubts about 
what you are after tonight girl she thought to herself. Everyone is going to know you 
are advertising and planning on getting a good pussy pounding tonight!

Luckily she could get in her car in the garage. She didnt think she would have the nerve 
to walk out her front door in this outfit. She just hoped no one would pass too close while 
she was still in her neighborhood, or worse yet, call her over to talk. After one more 
primp in the mirror (Damn she looked both hot and slutty!) she grabbed a small handbag, 
and thought to herself, This is it. I am going out looking like a total slut. And I am going 
to meet a man Ive never met, in a hotel for sex. When I come home, I am going to have 
his sperm in my pussy. She quickly looked out the front window to ensure no one was 
walking down the street who would see her as she pulled out, and hurried out to the 
garage to her car.

Parking Lot

Diane soon arrived at the hotel. It was a nice high rise hotel in a nice part of town, far 
enough from her house that she doubted she would run into anyone she knew. But since it 
was in a suburban portion of town, parking was in an outdoor parking lot, not in an 
underground garage. This meant that instead of taking an elevator from a parking garage 
straight to Bobs floor in the hotel, she was going to have to walk across the open parking 
lot and through the main lobby of the hotel, dressed in her slutty best. Furthermore, the 
hotel was located adjacent to a suburban shopping mall and shared the busy parking lot.

On the drive over, Diane had fantasized about strutting her stuff, having people ogling 
this wanton looking woman as she walked around, and her obvious evening activity as 
she entered the hotel. But that had been fantasy. Now she was faced with the reality of 
having to actually play the part. Her initial reaction was to be embarrassed and to try to 
slip in as quickly as possible. But then she thought, Why not? Nobody knows me here. 
This is my fantasy. Why not act it out? She sat for a few moments, gathering her nerve, 
debating whether or not to play the part. But she knew she was going to do it; the tingling 
sensation in her crotch as she thought about it told her she would  it was just a matter of 
gathering the nerve to open her car door.

She took a few deep breaths and opened her door. Standing up, she felt almost naked in 
her skimpy outfit as she started across the parking lot. She could feel the cool evening 
breeze on her barely covered pussy and on her partially exposed breasts. She was aware 
that she had indeed attracted quite a bit of attention. A number of women were casting 
shocked and disapproving looks at her, but she could tell the looks from the men were far 
from disapproving. When she saw one poor man watching her walk smack into the side 
of a parked car she almost burst out laughing. But that was enough to ease her tension 
and now she started to really get into the part. Her walk gained an air of self-assurance 
and she walked with a distinct sway of her hips, a smile played on her face as she crossed 
the parking lot. The thought that she was indeed turning on so many men who would be 
thinking of her tonight in their beds, gave her a warm glow spreading throughout her 
abdomen. A little breeze caught her skirt and lifted it a bit, but with such a short skirt, 
that was enough to ensure everyone who was watching knew the color and style of her 
underwear.

Soon she approached the hotel. She watched the eyes almost pop out of the head of the 
bell boy. She winked at him and blew him a kiss as she sashayed through the doors. As 
she passed the reception desk a female clerk called out in an obviously disapproving tone, 
May I help you Miss? Miss! Uhm, may I help you? Diane just kept going towards the 
elevators, but looking over her shoulder answered, No thanks! Im fine. She was again 
aware of the looks from people as she crossed the lobby. The poor men, even those with 
wives or girl friends could not help but stare. They gave up all pretense of trying not to be 
obvious. Conversations just stopped. Diane was almost disappointed when she got to the 
elevator and no one else was there. While waiting, she opened her handbag and pulled 
out the piece of paper on which she had written Bobs room number. She studied it for a 
moment having trouble making out her smudged hand writing  was that room 937 or 
737? She decided it must be 937 and when the elevator opened, she stepped in and 
pressed floor 9.

The Room

On the way up, it hit her again. She was moments from entering the hotel room of a man 
she had never met before, with the express purpose of fucking him. And even without her 
current outfit, they would probably almost immediately tear off each others clothes and 
begin. Prim and proper Diane was now Diane the slut, about to offer herself up and 
spread her legs for an almost total stranger. By the end of the evening she expected to be 
well fucked and filled with this mans cum.

Exiting the elevator, she headed down the hall to room 937, anticipating the look on 
Bobs face when he opened the door and saw her standing there. She was a bit surprised 
to find the door ajar, but then figured either Bob was waiting for her to come in, or had 
stepped down the hall for ice or something. She entered, calling his name, but heard no 
reply. The room was a suite and she heard noises from the bedroom. Entering, she saw 
the television was on, but instead of the normal fare, it appeared to be a porno movie: a 
couple on a couch enthusiastically thrusting at each other.

Intrigued, Diane sat on the bed to watch. The scene soon finished, but another started. A 
woman and three men were sitting around talking, one man on either side of the woman 
on a sofa, the third in a nearby chair. The men on the sofa soon started to run their hands 
over the woman and she began kissing one of the men as her hand slipped down to 
massage his crotch. Diane could feel herself getting hot and slid up on the bed so she 
could lean against some pillows while watching. The people in the movie soon started 
stripping off their clothes and Diane, feeling a growing dampness in her pussy as she 
watched, dropped one hand down to rub her crotch.

In the movie, the woman was now on her hands and knees sucking the cocks of the two 
men on the sofa while the third man had his face buried in her pussy from behind. While 
she sucked, the men on the sofa were playing with the womans tits. By now Dianes 
panties had developed a distinct wet spot where she was rubbing. The sounds from the 
movie, the moans of the men as the woman sucked their cocks, her gasps and moans, and 
the slurping sounds, were making her hotter as she watched. Her other hand was now 
squeezing her breasts as she lay back watching. Soon the woman in the movie started 
gasping and bucking as she climaxed on the mans tongue who was working her from 
behind.

As Diane watched, the man behind her got to his knees, his cock hard and sticking out 
from his belly. Mm-m, that looks good she thought to herself, vaguely wondering 
where Bob was and hoping he would hurry back. The man moved up behind the woman 
and placing his cock head at the entrance to her sopping hole he leaned forward, moaning 
as Diane watched him sinking into the woman. Seeing this made Diane eager to feel 
something in her own aching loins. Slipping her panties aside, she let a finger slip inside 
her own wet hole, causing her to gasp. Meanwhile the woman in the movie was urging 
her partner to Fuck me! Fuck me with your hard cock! Soon the man was thrusting into 
her from behind while she returned to sucking the two cocks of the men on the sofa  
bouncing forward with each thrust of the man behind. Diane could hear the squishing 
sound of the mans cock sliding in and out of the womans pussy. Now Diane pulled her 
top down, releasing her breasts so she could run her fingers over the nipples, twisting 
them. The sight of the people in the movie, the sounds, and now the sounds of her own 
fingers squishing her wet pussy and the smell of her own arousal filled her senses. She 
could almost imagine she was the woman in the movie, a hard cock thrusting into her wet 
hole, hands massaging her breasts as she sucked on first one hard throbbing cock and 
then the other, making the men moan with pleasure as her lips slid up and down the hard 
shafts.

As she watched, one of the men on the sofa groaned and came, shooting into the 
womans mouth, over her face, and onto her breasts. Moments later she began bucking on 
the cock in her pussy as another orgasm wracked her body. Then the man behind her 
groaned and pulling his cock out shot jets of his hot cream onto her back and ass. Now 
the remaining man turned her over on her back and spreading her legs positioned himself 
between her legs and quickly buried his straining cock in her pussy. Diane was busy 
fingering her clit, slipping a finger in her pussy, and massaging her breasts. She could 
almost imagine she was the woman in the movie, the other two men massaging her 
breasts as the third man thrust his pole into her depths. As she continued to play with 
herself, her eyes glazed over, and she concentrated on the waves of pleasure building in 
her body as she imagined she was the woman in the movie.

Visitors

By now Diane was so focused on the pleasure building in her body, she did not notice the 
man walk into the room and stop dead with a stunned look on his face. Slowly a smile 
spread across his face as he watched Diane playing with herself, moaning. She was quite 
a sight, skimpy dress flipped up, even skimpier underwear pulled aside to reveal her 
pussy, lips spread as her finger pumped in and out. Both her finger and thighs glistened 
with her juices. Her face was still made up in her slutty best, her breasts completely 
exposed as she played with them with her other hand. Her hips rolled and bucked against 
her hand as she moaned. A woman in heat, utterly abandoned to the throes of sexual 
pleasure.

After recovering from his initial shock, the man moved quietly to the side of the bed, and 
reaching down, began to run his hand over Dianes belly. At his touch, Dianes eyes 
opened in delight that Bob was finally here, that she now had a man to pleasure her. She 
was slightly surprised that the man standing here running his hand over her belly, 
watching her play with herself did not really look like she remembered Bob from the 
pictures he had sent her, but she was too lost in a haze of lust to worry about it for more 
than a moment. She smiled at him, rolling her hips and reached over, running her hand 
over his crotch. In return, his hand moved over her dress and down to her sopping 
mound, sending shivers through her from his strong, masculine touch on her most 
intimate parts. Mm, you are really one horny slut, laying here on a strangers bed getting 
yourself off to a movie. I wonder where Mark found you. So it looks like you are really 
getting into the movie. You must like the idea of taking on three men at once. What a 
slut! I love it!

Diane didnt quite understand the comment about Mark, but she was too horny to worry 
about it. Come on, please. Dont tease me anymore. I need you now. I need your cock in 
me. With that she started to unbuckle the mans pants. The man cooperated and quickly 
unbuttoned his shirt while Diane undid his pants and let them drop to the floor. She 
quickly pulled down his underwear to reveal his cock, swelling in anticipation. She 
reached out, taking him in one hand, the other hand cupping his balls. As she enjoyed the 
feel of him swelling and pulsing in her hands she thought to herself, This is for me, 
Diane the slut. Soon I am going to be riding this. She realized they had barely spoken 
and here she was holding his cock, getting him ready to fuck her. Now she leaned 
forward, taking him in her mouth. By now the man had his shirt off and was massaging 
her breasts. This was so much better she thought, the feel of mans strong masculine 
hands kneading her breasts, the smell and feel and taste of a man in her mouth. Under her 
eager coaxing, his cock rapidly grew to a full hard-on, straining in anticipation of entry to 
her body.

I cant wait any longer. I need you inside me, please she said looking up at him. Fuck 
me. She slid back on the bed, pulling her top up and over her head. The man grabbed her 
panties and pulled them down and over her legs. Now she lay back, welcoming her lover. 
She watched as he crawled between her legs, his eager cock throbbing, throbbing for her. 
She rubbed her pussy as he brought the head to the entrance to her vagina. She looked 
again at the slit on the end which would soon be pumping his sperm into her eager pussy. 
Then she felt the first electric sensation as he brought the head into contact with her 
pussy, rubbing it up and down along the slit, lubricating himself with her juice for easy 
entry. Finally he started to slide the head in. Diane couldnt wait any longer. Reaching 
up, she grabbed his ass and pulled him in as she thrust her pelvis up at him and wrapped 
her legs around his back. He slid in until she felt his pubic bone grinding against hers, his 
balls pressed against her ass, his cock twitching deep inside her. He reached under and 
grabbed her ass, pulling her even tighter against him.

The man released his grip on her ass and began to move inside her, fucking her. The 
feeling of his cock sliding inside her moist channel was terrific. The knowledge of how 
wild she was, acting the complete slut, fucking this man she had just met, turned her on 
even more. Oh, yes she moaned, do it! Fuck me! The man had now established a 
steady rhythm thrusting into her. Her consciousness focused on the feeling centered 
between her legs but spreading to every tip of her body as she gave herself to her lover. 
She could hear the squelching sound of his penis driving into her cunt. They were both 
moaning, driving against each other.

Suddenly she noticed two more men walk into the room and stop in their tracks, eyes 
bulging out of their heads, jaws hanging slack at the sight of her getting pounded on the 
bed. It crossed her mind to be embarrassed, being caught in the act like this with a strange 
man between her legs, but the feelings were too good to stop, and the idea of acting the 
slut, getting fucked with an audience, turned her on even more. She smiled briefly at the 
men, and then her eyes rolled back in her head as she gave herself to the sensations.

She could feel her body tensing as the sensations grew, spreading from her vagina to 
every part of her body. The feel of the mans hard cock pounding relentlessly into her, his 
body grinding against hers on every thrust was pushing her to the edge. She could feel 
her partners growing excitement as well and the knowledge that she was causing him so 
much pleasure, causing him to loose control, added to her enjoyment. Come on, do it! 
Fuck me! Harder! Give me that cock! I want to feel you coming! she urged in a husky 
voice. Then her orgasm hit, her vagina contracting, spasming on her partners penis, her 
hips bucking wildly as she moaned in orgasm. As she came down from the peaks of 
ecstasy, she could tell her partner was getting close from his panting groans, uh-uh-uh 
and rapid thrusting. Suddenly she felt him lung into her and he groaned, Ahh-hh as she 
felt a strong pulsing in her pussy and she knew he was coming, pumping his sperm into 
her. She felt the spreading warmth as he emptied his balls for her. Finally he collapsed on 
her.

After a few moments, one of the watching men said, Wow Dave, that was hot! Where 
did you find her? Dianes partner looked quizzically at the man who had spoken and 
said, What do you mean where did I find her? I thought you got her? They all looked at 
Diane. Her partner, still buried in her up to his balls, asked, Uhm, dont get me wrong. 
That was terrific, but who are you? How did you get here?

Now Diane was seriously confused. Arent you Bob? she asked nervously, starting to 
feel really embarrassed. She felt her partner throb inside her, emptying a few last drops of 
cum. No, Im Dave. And this is Mark and Ralph. He pointed to the other two men. 
This was supposed to be a little bachelor party for Ralph. Dave pulled out of her, sitting 
back, leaving her laying on the bed, naked for all to see, her used pussy matted with the 
juices of her recent fuck.

Oh my God! she exclaimed. I must have gotten the wrong room! I was supposed to 
meet a man named Bob whom I have talked to on email but never met. And then she 
thought, Wow, what a slutty thing to do! Just waltz into a complete strangers room and 
fuck him without even knowing his name! And with an audience no less!

Well, youre welcome to stay. Wed love to have a gal with your enthusiasm here for the 
evening Mark said eagerly. Hm-m thought Diane, that would really be hot! Taking 
on all three of these men. Do I dare? Why not? No point in being coy at this point after 
what theyve already seen and done. What about Bob? Well, shit happens, maybe another 
time.

Three Times the Fun

A wicked smile spread across Dianes face as she licked her lips and said, Well, why 
not? If one is good, three should be better, eh? With that she rolled her hips 
suggestively, taking a deep shuddering breath. The other two men lost no time in ripping 
off their clothes. In no time, just like the woman in the movie, Mark and Ralph were 
sitting naked on the bed, Diane on her hands and knees was eagerly sucking their rapidly 
rising cocks and playing with their balls, while Dave on the floor behind her was licking 
the pussy he had just filled.

Soon the room was filled with the sounds of people moaning in pleasure: the two men as 
she sucked their now rigid cocks, Diane as Dave lapped at her pussy. Soon Ralph got up 
saying, I want some of that hot pussy. He moved around behind her and Dave slid out 
of the way. Diane could feel Ralph positioning himself behind her, then she felt his cock 
brush her pussy lips and briefly slide up and down. Both he and she were already wet and 
her pussy lips were gaping open from her previous fucking and the licking from Dave. 
After just a moment, Ralph started to slide his cock into her, deeper and deeper until his 
belly smacked against her ass and she felt his balls against her pussy.

Diane started working again on Marks erection with her mouth while Ralph plowed her 
from behind. Dave sat off to the side gently stroking his recovering penis. Diane 
continued to lick Marks shaft, running her tongue up the sensitive underside, teasing the 
tip, then lowering and nibbling his balls. Then she would lower her head over the shaft, 
caressing it with her lips, swirling her tongue around it, making Mark moan and squirm 
with pleasure. As she sucked on him, Mark massaged and squeezed her breasts. 
Meanwhile, Ralph was plunging enthusiastically into her pussy behind, bouncing her 
forward with each stroke, gripping her hips with his strong hands and pulling her tight 
against him on every in stroke. Diane reached between her legs and ran her fingers over 
his balls as he stroked into her. God what a slut I am she thought. One mans cum 
already in my pussy, another working on it and Im stroking his balls to help him, and 
sucking on a third mans cock. And it feels so good!

They continued, slurping, thrusting, moaning, the tempo gradually increasing. Diane 
could feel the sensations building again in her crotch and could tell Ralph was getting 
near from his rapid thrusting. Mark was moaning loudly now, his hips twitching, driving 
his cock into her mouth as she bobbed on it, loving the feel of his silky hardness sliding 
in and out of her mouth. His cock was getting even harder, when suddenly she felt it jerk 
hard in her mouth and his first jet of cream squirted into her mouth as he groaned in 
release. Then he began a steady series of contractions and she could feel further streams 
of cum shooting from his cock into her mouth. She tried to swallow, but there was too 
much and some ran out and dribbled down her lips.

This set her off and she gasped as her orgasm hit her, letting Marks cock fall out of her 
mouth as her eyes rolled up and she pushed back hard on Ralphs cock, her pussy 
gripping it tightly, urging him to deposit his seed in her womb. She felt jolts of pleasure 
run throughout her body as she came, and then she felt Ralph lunge against her. The 
stimulation of first Mark coming, then Diane coming on his cock was too much. His cock 
started pulsing inside her, adding his deposit to that of Daves.

Finally they relaxed and fell apart. Diane had a mixture of hers and the two mens cum 
matted in her pubic hair and glistening on her thighs, and Marks come dribbling down 
her chin. But after watching the show, Dave was hard again and ready for more.

So it went. Each of the men came at least three times with her that night and Diane lost 
count of her orgasms. By the time the men couldnt get it up anymore, she had cum 
oozing out of her pussy and smeared over much of her body. Her hair was a mess and her 
makeup and lipstick smeared. When she finally put her outfit back on to leave, she 
looked (and felt) the well used slut. Fortunately, it was early morning with no one in the 
parking lot to see her, just the front desk staff as she crossed the hotel lobby  little doubt 
what she had been up to!

