Billy flips the new card (eight of clubs) up, glances at it briefly, and then lays it face down on top of the folded stack in front of him. He learned years ago that the less he looks at his hand, the less he touches it, the more it tends to unnerve his opponents. Not that his current opponent poses any kind of a challenge.

But right now he's a hell of a lot more amusing to watch than the cards ever are, and Billy intends to remember every minute of this afternoon for years to come.

Orlando's frowning a little in concentration, but other than that, his face is as neutral and even as he ever gets it. It's impressive, really, how far he's come, only it's hard to be impressed by someone who's swaying one way while the cards he's holding sway another. A little more tequila sloshes out of the tumbler in his other hand, and Billy fights the urge to snicker.

"You'll need to play well under a lot of different circumstances," he'd told Orlando that morning. "Can't let your game slip because you're not at your best."

"Besides, in some halls, you're expected to drink at the table."

Blearily, Orlando's gaze swims back up to Billy's face. "I'll see your nickel," he slurs, taking another swallow of tequila, "and I'll raise you two bits.

The cards blur and shift in his hands. Orlando steadies them with deliberate concentration, because no shifting, shifting is bad. He distinctly remembers Billy saying so... one time... some time...

Wait, is it his turn? He glances up at Billy, and the room does an odd little motion blur thing, like when on the ranch he would ride, fast and far, so brassed at his stepfather that hot tears prickled at the backs of his eyes and he couldn't see anything but what was right in front of him, trusting his horse to keep him safe while his chest burned and his jaw ached with tension from clenching his teeth...

Wait, is it his turn? What was he doing?

Oh, looking at Billy, yeah. Billy isn't looking at him. Rather, he wasn't, but now he looks up and he is, and wow, his eyes are green. He isn't smiling, but he still looks amused, which changes the lines of his face into something less stern and harsh, even if it isn't a smile. Orlando doesn't smile back -- or look amused back, because it's not actually a smile, is it? -- because he's practicing looking neutral and bored.

Tequila is not good, he thinks carefully, but he takes another drink anyway, cause he'll be damned if he'll tell Billy that.

"See you," Billy says, sliding two bits into the center of the table. "Raise you," he adds, and slides another three forward. Orlando wonders if he's not naming his bet just to see if Orlando is too drunk to remember how to count.

Orlando considers his cards. Two pair is a damn good hand, which he knows in spite of the blur of his mind, which is pretty much obliterating everything else he knows. Seeing as one of the pairs is queens, it's a very good hand. He flickers his eyes up to Billy, but there's nothing there for him to read, as usual. Doesn't matter, though, as he's at the end of the round, and the only real choice now is to fold or call, and he's not going to fold with two pair.

He slides his three bits into the pot with a fingertip on each coin. "Call you, Bills," he says, and for a second, Billy's face flickers into open amusement. Orlando arches one brow pointedly, and makes a come on gesture with two fingers. There's a grin lurking in his chest, but he keeps it there, with effort.

Bills, is it? he thinks, eyeing the bottle. Orlando's definitely had enough to justify the occasional consonant swaps (which he doesn't seem to have noticed he's doing), but this sounds to Billy like something Orlando might've been using in his head for a while now. Oddly, he finds that he likes it.

He reaches out and flips his hand, fanning it out neatly as he does. Laying the cards out one by one is showboating, a amateur's confidence trick, and it's a habit he doesn't want Orlando picking up until he understands when (and when not) to use it. The hand is neither bad nor much -- pair of jacks, ace high -- but he's pretty sure he'll be taking this pot. While Orlando's ceased to wear every thought on his face, he's barely grasped the basics of bluffing. With the way he's been betting this hand (slow and steady), Billy's almost positive he's got a low pair and a case of alcohol-induced beginner's enthusiasm.

Orlando just sits there, staring fuzzily at the cards. The effort it's taking to keep a neutral face is visible, but the expression he's fighting off isn't. Billy makes a mental note to comment on it later, when he's sober enough to remember the praise. Now, though, he just leans forward and drawls lazily, "You gonna keep me waiting ... Lando?"

He's distracted by the nickname only for a second, because the enormity of the situation -- actually honest-to-Christ beating Bill Boyd at poker under his own merits -- just won't allow him to be distracted for long.

Poker is a drabble of luck and a pint of skill, Billy says, and while Orlando has won a couple of hands, he's never won a betting game, and he's never won during something that he's still sober enough to recognize as a test.

And he's never won without Billy knowing it long before Orlando had. And Billy doesn't know it, Orlando can tell. He can't read Billy -- that's still beyond him, and maybe it always will be -- but he can sort of feel his confidence, that little bubble of certainty that Bills carries around with him, and it's firmly intact. He's expecting to win, not because of any skill of his own, but because of Orlando's lack of skill.

He's never had to struggle to keep elation off his face before, and he's finding it a hell of a lot harder to repress than frustration or disappointment ever had been. The effort of it is surprisingly sobering, and he feels like he is almost thinking clearly.

"No," he says, and spreads his cards into a fan before easing them onto the table, face up, keeping his face still as he meets Billy's eyes. "But I believe I'll be hanging on to your thirty-one cents," and he waits for Billy's eyes to settle on the cards before he grins, and adds, "Bills."

Billy barely gives the cards time to register before he's replaying the last hand in his mind, and yes, yes, Orlando did it. Played the fives and queens close to the chest, bet wisely enough to keep Billy in the game, kept his calculations off his face, and did it well enough to win even after a pint of tequila. Pride surges up in him, warm and unfamiliar, and he lets out a bark of laughter and smacks one palm hard against the table. "Well played!"

When he looks up, Orlando's gaze is still blurry and a bit bewildered, but there's a wide, uncomplicated happiness breaking through his poker face like sun through afternoon clouds. Billy grins right back and gestures towards the little pile of coins in the center of the table. "Your pot," he pronounces, and Orlando blinks, looking a little disoriented. As he reaches for it, one long, loose arm smacks against the tequila bottle, and Billy has to dive to grab it before it hits the floor.

Orlando's beet red and halfway through a (slurred and accented) apology-- "Bugger, bugger, Bills, I'm sorry--" but Billy waves him off.

"No harm done," he smiles, sticking the bottle safely on top of the dresser beside them, "though I think we'd best end the game now. Don't want you cleaning me out while we're between jobs."

"Yeah, alright," Orlando agrees, and relaxes somewhat, now that he's not trying to guard his face and his body to keep from giving away secrets. He slumps down in his chair and cocks one leg, hooking his boot heel on the edge of the chair and winding one arm around his bent knee. He's still holding the glass of tequila in one hand, and he considers it fuzzily for a few seconds. The slightly slippery warmth of the bitter alcohol softening the edges of things doesn't seem so bad, now that he's not trying to actually think through the haze of it, so he takes another cautious sip -- it's about the worst thing he's ever tasted, really, although truthfully it seems to taste better now than it had at first -- and it burns its way down his throat to warm his belly, which is nice, yeah.

Billy is gathering the cards up, his fingers quick and precise as ever as he flips them all so they're facing in the same direction, shuffles them twice, fast, and tucks them into their little wooden box. The cards go in the box, the box goes into a soft little pouch, and he's wondered before why Billy bothers with such things, if this particular deck has some sort of sentimental value to him, that he takes such good care of it. Billy has a couple of other decks, and they don't have wooden boxes or deeply red velvet pouches. And Billy only uses these cards himself -- although that's not true anymore, is it? No, Billy lets Orlando use them, now, though he didn't used to.

The thought draws a smile up, like it's coming from somewhere deep, somewhere below where the tequila is busily warming his belly, and he just looks at Billy, blinking softly, feeling just fine, warm and triumphant and, yeah, fine.

Billy glances up at him, pauses, his bright eyes flicking from Orlando's eyes to his smile, then to the glass of tequila in his hand before he smiles back, clearly amused at Orlando's expense, but Orlando can't be bothered to be embarrassed or irritated by it. "You're going to lose that," Billy says, and nods his head at Orlando's glass.

What? Orlando thinks, and looks, and sees that the glass of tequila is tilting rather precariously in the loose clasp of his hand. Whoops! He tries to adjust his grasp, but the glass moves rather more sharply in the opposite direction in had been tilting than Orlando means it too, and tequila splashes up over the rim and across his wrist before he manages to right it.

"Bugger," he growls, and puts the glass safely down on the table, feeling cool liquid sliding up his arm. He turns his wrist and catches the droplets about midway up his forearm, spicy and mixed with the salty flavor of his own skin. He tracks them all the way down his wrist and across the webbing between thumb and forefinger, and hopes he managed to catch it all, otherwise he's likely to be all sticky with it.

Billy watches Orlando run a narrow pink tongue along the taut skin of his inner wrist and feels something hot and dark uncoil within him. It's been a long time since he's seen someone do that. Done that to someone else. Had it done to him. Not since before he picked Orlando up off the dusty road outside his stepfather's ranch. Months.

His mouth goes bone-dry and then slick with saliva as his mind supplies the taste (sun-baked skin, road dust, the double tang of alcohol spilled and sweated out through pores) and texture (silk-soft, unyielding, pulled tight over angles of tendon and bone). He can already hear the sharp drop of breath down an open throat, feel the flesh jump and quiver under his lips. A very long time.

Out of sight, his hands clamp down on the seat of his chair hard enough to make the splintered edge bite into his fingers.

A kid, he snarls at himself fiercely, just a kid-- no way to know what he wants yet, what he is. And from the back of his mind, like velvet, like smoke-- The same age you were, first time you did that. Years older than when you first knew you wanted it. And he can feel that now, too-- the way his skin had jumped and sang, the pound of his heart against someone else's ribs, the fear, the need. Orlando skims his mouth along the curve of his thumb, and Billy almost runs his tongue along his lips.

Almost.

No, goddammit. He can feel his throat form the words, hot and bitter. Not now. Not when he's drunk, when he'll think you planned it. Another image, unbidden, swirls up: that night in front of the campfire, Orlando's face when Billy said he'd teach him how to play. That smile, uncomplicated. Unbent. Unbroken. He grabs onto the memory, clings against the tide of want, and forces the mask back into place just as Orlando looks back up, eyes black-bright and quizzical.

"We should," Orlando says, and then loses track of what he'd been going to say because his boot heel slips off the edge of his seat abruptly, making him flail for balance until Bills grabs his arm and steadies him, because Bills is quick like that, and not clumsy at all the way Orlando is. Orlando beams widely at him -- "Hey, thanks, Bills," -- and repositions himself to be somewhat more stable, deciding that for now he'll leave both feet on the floor, as things seem to work considerably better that way.

Billy is smirking at him again, but Orlando can't really seem to mind it.

"We should what?" Billy asks, and Orlando smiles and cocks his head in question, and the room shifts very slightly, so he grips the edge of the table and that seems to work to still things.

"We should what?" Orlando echoes curiously and leans forward to rest his elbows on the table, which seems to work even better at making things still the way they ought to properly be. Billy chuckles, which does nice things to the corners of his eyes, makes them crinkly and a little unfamiliar, but in a good way, so Orlando chuckles, too. "We should go downstairs," Orlando says, "to the..." and he gestures downward, the word escaping him, "... to the thing, Bills, we should go down and..." He can't think of what he wants to do down there, though, and Billy's expression makes him think that Billy, at least, doesn't think Orlando's idea is a very good one, although Orlando can't think why. "It's still early," he says, by way of explanation. "Early, Bills."

"It's not, actually," Billy says, which makes Orlando glance over at the window, and apparently Billy is right, because there isn't any light showing out there, and Orlando could have sworn it was light out only a minute ago.

He slumps down in his chair, forgetting for a moment that he'd been using his elbows on the table to keep the world still, and when he does, Billy's face swims blearily in his vision, soft-edged and gentled, momentarily resembling the paintings Orlando's mum likes, portraits of women and men with soft edges and vaguely wistful expressions. He wonders what his mum is doing now, and that thought brings on a wave of homesickness so powerful it's like vertigo, and he closes his eyes until it passes.

It occurs to him that he's drunk, and that his mum would probably not be pleased, so he guesses it's probably a good thing he's here and not there, and that's totally aside from the fact that his step-father would probably react to discovering Orlando in such a state by beating him unconscious.

He frowns and opens his eyes, and Bills is looking at him and frowning a little -- he's always frowning a little, even when he's actually smiling -- and Orlando admits: "I think I'm drunk, Bills."

"I think you are, too," Billy murmurs, the residual heat from Orlando's arm still tingling in the palm of his hand. Somewhere in the last few seconds, Orlando's eyebrows have knit themselves together, and the hangdog look on his face makes Billy feel bizarrely like apologizing. Instead, he asks, "You been drunk before, Lando?"

Orlando shakes his head-- a bit too vigorously, based on the way he sways and grabs the table-- and scrubs one hand across his mouth. "No. 've drunk before, but not like this." He grimaces. "And not tequila."

Billy winces internally. "Don't care for it, do you?"

This time, he gets a languid hand wave in lieu of a headshake. "No. I mean, no, I don't not like it, it's kind of ... something-- fun, that's the word, it's just ... every time I move, things aren't where I expect them to be."

He can't resist a snicker. "Things? Like the bottle?"

Orlando grins ruefully and slides a little further down in his chair. "More like my arms. My legs, too. Actually ..." He frowns thoughtfully and tilts his chin up to stare at the ceiling. "I'm not sure those are still attached."

That earns him an outright laugh.

He laughs because Billy is laughing, and actually he doesn't think he's ever heard Billy really laugh before.

It doesn't sound like he'd expected; not that he'd really expected anything, because Billy just doesn't laugh and he'd never really expected him to, but now that he has, it's unexpectedly... bright. Uncomplicated or something, which isn't a word that goes well with Billy in general, but seems to describe the sound of Billy laughing pretty accurately.

Bright.

He laughs again, and thinks, Lando, because that's twice that Billy's said that, and he thinks he likes it. Knows he does, actually, because he hasn't had a nickname since he was a wee thing, and then it had just been a baby name, the kind of thing a boy has to leave behind once he starts school if he doesn't want the other boys to beat him up.

"When I was six," he says, and raises his head up from the back of his chair -- he doesn't actually remember leaning back so far that he couldn't see anything but the ceiling -- to look at Billy. "I couldn't be Orli anymore, you know? Because of school, and because it's a baby name, and so it was just Orlando, which is a pretty crap name anyhow." He smiles at Billy, and Billy doesn't actually smile back, but he seems to be listening, and he doesn't look like he usually does when he wants Orlando to shut the hell up, so Orlando decides to keep talking. It's Billy's stupid fault, after all, for giving him tequila.

He suspects he could blame tequila for all manner of things.

"Except at home, sometimes, my mum still called me Orli, like when I was sick with mumps, and when I had nightmares, sometimes, about my da. But then my mum married my step-father, and he didn't like the sound of it, and she didn't use it anymore."

He frowns slightly, and looks at Billy. Billy is frowning, too. He finds this vaguely encouraging, though he can't think why. "I hate him," he says.

He's never actually said it out loud before.

Billy doesn't say anything, but he gives a slow, solemn nod, which is very much a Billy thing to do, not bright like his laughter, but solid and dependable and honest, and that's just as good.

"He wouldn't like Lando, either," Orlando says, and lifts his glass to swallow what's left of the tequila.

It's bitter and warm.

"I like it," he says, and looks at the empty glass. "I like it, and I can use it if I want to."

A strange mixture of defiance, satisfaction, and old hurt radiates from Orlando like steam off of sun-baked river rocks. After so long at the tables, Billy finds he sees emotion in the space around a person as much as he does in their eyes, hands, or face. It disturbs him a little, sometimes. Emotion's not his preferred stock-- he's mastered it, because it's necessary, and learned to read it, because it's useful, but. He's not what he'd call comfortable with it. Not that he'd call it anything. Because this is not a conversation he'd have. So why is he having it with himself?

He shakes his head a little to dislodge the train of thought (and make the haze around Orlando, the one he knows he isn't really seeing, go away). Pull it together, Boyd, he snaps at himself. He's the drunk one, remember?

But he can still feel Orlando there, lost and resigned to old memories. Because Orlando's like that, has been ever since Billy met him. Everything he feels just rolls off him in waves. Early on, it was one of the things that occasionally made Billy want to go back and thwap himself for rescuing the kid. Even during his infrequent silences, Billy could hear him thinking so loud that he might as well have kept yammering. It's different now, has been since he started teaching Orlando poker. He speaks less now (though still outtalks Billy about eight to one), and his face and body are calmer, quieter. Billy appreciates the effort, but privately (and very rarely) recognizes that it doesn't matter. He's never had a traveling companion before, and he finds he's too attuned now. The quieter Orlando gets, the more closely he catches himself listening.

"They called me William, sometimes. Back home." He's not aware of any desire to speak until he hears the words leave his mouth. "Ma, when I made her worry. Pa, when I did something that he knew'd make her worry. Jack, to rib me."

Orlando's staring at him now, keen eyes bright and much more focused then they were a moment ago. A distant part of Billy feels gratified to have knocked him out of it, but he's a little too dumbfounded to find himself talking about this to much care. While most of his mind is still occupied with: What? his mouth apparently decides it isn't done yet.

"And after, to help me remember them."

Shit.

He spends a full ten seconds considering that, and even the dim haziness of his drunken mind doesn't fully cushion the impact of it.

Billy doesn't say things like that, doesn't tell things like that, and Orlando -- Lando, he thinks, Lando is who I want to be and Lando is who I will be -- doesn't know if it's a response to what he had said (though it seems unlikely, since he talks about himself fairly often, and it's never brought about any form of reciprocation before) or if it's something else. Maybe he thinks Lando is too drunk to remember in the morning, and it's just something he needs to get off of his chest, and maybe he would have said it no matter what drunken idiot was with him when he needed to say it.

But he doesn't really think that.

After what, Bills? he asks, but he does it silently, because he knows better than that. He knows better than to ask, after being rebuffed so many times in the early days on the road, when his questions about Billy had been a lot more general than this one.

Still. His chest feels almost as warm and heavy with the knowledge that Bills had chosen to impart this little bit of himself, as oblique as it is, as his belly feels under the influence of the tequila, and he smiles slightly, though he knows enough to avert his eyes, so he isn't smiling directly at Billy. He wouldn't want to give the impression that he's smiling in the face of Billy's... pain, or whatever it is. And he's not, not at all.

"My mum used to use all three of my names when she was brassed at me," he says, eyes focused on the ceiling, but unsteadily. Tequila seems to affect his ability to focus properly, and he has to concentrate to keep his eyes from blurring out. "Orlando Francis Bloom," he intones, mock furious. "What were you thinking? Have you got naught but rocks in your head, boy!"

Billy chuckles quietly, and Lando chances a glance at him. He thinks the smile is genuine.

"Imagine the mortification, Bills!" He snorts. "Francis! Enough to get your nose bloodied if the other boys should happen to hear."

He sits up, rather too abruptly, it turns out, and even the table can't save him this time. He tumbles sideways, chair and all, letting out a little whoop of surprise that dissolves into a slew of hiccupy snickers that he can't seem to quite get under control.

Bills -- who hadn't even tried to save him, the bastard -- is smirking down at him. "Very effective maneuver," he says. "I encourage you to use that move in a game, Lando. It should send your competition into a fit of nerves. Especially the giggling."

"I'm not... bloody giggling," Lando protests, through a spate of giggles. Billy arches one eyebrow -- Lando wishes he could do that, maybe he'll practice when he's feeling a little more coordinated, it's a very expressive gesture -- at him, looking a bit like he's on the verge of laughing himself. "Oh, bugger off, then!" Lando grumbles, whapping at Billy's calf, which is the only place he can reach. "This is your fault anyway. Sodding tequila."

He scrambles around until he can get a good grip on Billy's trousers and drags himself into a semi-upright position by Billy's right knee. "Be a mate and help me up at least," Lando demands, and thumps Billy on the knee. "I need a piss!"

"I see I'll have to teach you how to hold your liquor," Billy smirks down at him. The sarcasm's a lot harder to muster than usual, as one long-fingered hand wraps around his calf and the other--Christ--kneads the flesh above his knee. He lets the eyebrow rise a little higher and refuses to shift his weight to the other leg. His trousers are thick. From that angle, and drunk, it's unlikely that Orlando will notice anything. Unlikely. "Think you can walk?"

Orlando's eyes unfocus a little more as he thinks about this, and he starts to sway. Tightening his grip--rein it in, Boyd!--on Billy's leg, he pulls himself a little farther upright, frowns, and confesses, "I'm not actually sure."

Billy nods once, reaches down to grasp Orlando's arms, and starts to haul him to his feet. He's stronger than he looks, but he's angled badly and Orlando weighs a lot more than anyone that gangly ought to. He fists Billy's vest and tries to tug himself upward; the motion presses his face into Billy's hip, so that when Billy finally wrestles him into place and starts pulling, he ends up dragging Orlando across the entire length of his body on the way up. Quickly, he transfers his grip to ribs and wrist and drapes Orlando's arm over his shoulders. It's a lot more stable. It also gives Billy a good excuse not to look him in the face until the flush (goddammit) subsides.

The heavy breathing can be passed off as exertion.

"Outside, Lando," he says, and starts to head for the door. Orlando squawks in protests and digs his heels in, wheeling Billy around and nearly pulling them both over. He grunts and snaps Orlando against him, bracing him upright (as that's apparently what this is going to take) against his own body. His voice, thankfully, remains steady: "Is there a problem?"

Orlando goes a little pale at his tone--"steady" apparently leaves room for "violent;" he'll have to work on that--and stutters, "But ... there's a pot, and people, and ... it's far, Bills!"

Billy snorts. "In your state, you'll piss on the floor. And I have to sleep here." He settles Orlando's weight a little more firmly against his hip and starts heading for the door. "Don't worry, 'Lando. We'll take the back stairs."

As they careen off the doorframe, Bill quietly reflects that the effort of wrestling six feet of intoxicated teenager down two flights of stairs ought to distract him from his own ... condition.

And from the conversation that they (thank God) didn't quite have.

There are a couple of times when Lando seriously doesn't think they are going to make it down the back stairs. First of all, they're steeper than the front stairs. Which is like the nature of back stairways anyhow, like, to be steeper and narrower and darker than front stairs.

Also, he's pretty sure they're moving -- the stairs, not them, because of course they are moving, because otherwise how could they even get down the stairs?

They do make it, though, because Bills is both stronger and steadier on his feet than Lando, which is always true, but is even truer right now, because apparently tequila steals things like balance, grace, strength, intelligence, and anything resembling sense.

Also, Bills is tense again, not like he was in the room right after Lando won his thirty-one cents, not laughing and relaxed and pleased, but all tight and hard and with his jaw set like he does when he's taking care of something he doesn't think is particularly pleasant, kind of jutting out slightly, and Lando hates the idea that he's the something not particularly pleasant that Bills is taking care of right now, but he can't think how to ask if that's the case or not, and besides that, he really does have to piss, and he really does need help getting there.

The outhouse is behind the place, at least, and they don't see anyone.

Bills pushes him against the side while he wrestles the door open, and then just wraps one hand around Lando's bicep to steady him while he steps in.

"Smells like arse in here," Lando observes, and he abruptly hears the slur in his own voice, and wonders if he's sounded like that all night, and if so, how the hell is Billy even understanding him? "Arse," he says again, trying for more clarity, but without much success. "Arse," he repeats one more time, carefully, and grins, because it sounds about right that time.

Billy cocks that eyebrow at him again -- did he think earlier that he wished he could do that? well, he's changed his mind, that's very annoying -- and Lando pokes it with his index finger to make it go back down.

"Don't poke your eyebrow up at me, Bills, thatsh... that's very annoying!"

"Didn't you have to piss?" Billy demands, but he isn't jutting his jaw anymore, and he actually looks a bit amused, and that's better.

"I did!" Lando agrees. "I mean, I do! But you have to shut the door, Bills, even if it smells like arse, because I don't want everyone in the whole bloody town looking at my arse!"

Billy looks at him pointedly for long, silent seconds, his eyes skipping from Lando's face down to Lando's foot, face, foot, face -- ugh, this is making him feel dizzy -- foot, face, foot, and then Lando realizes his foot is still outside the outhouse.

"Oh," he says. "Right." He directs his foot inside, and after a moment, it complies.

Billy shuts the door. Lando hears him snort softly.

"I heard that," he mutters, and fumbles at the buttons on his trousers. It takes him several tries to coerce them free, but he eventually manages it, and then he encounters a problem, because the only light in here is coming from the little crescent moon cut out of the door, and even that is only moonlight, and he can't bloody see what he's aiming at.

"Should have brought a lantern," he announces.

Outside, Billy says something that sounds a bit like, "I couldn't carry a lantern and your drunk ass," but Lando could be wrong.

"I can't see to aim, Bills!" Lando complains. "Open the door a little. Just a little!"

The door creaks open slightly, giving Lando just enough light to make out the darker cut out hole in the wooden bench -- he's abruptly glad that pissing is the only thing he needs to do, because seriously, that thing looks like it could give a man a bloody painful splinter -- which should do well enough.

He sort of braces himself with one hand on the wall behind the bench, and there must be something about being drunk that makes pissing really really good, because the relief of the pressure in his midsection is so profound it's nearly pleasurable. He half groans with relief, and pisses for what surely must be about three years.

Then he tucks back in and fumbles one-handed at his fly, because he's still holding himself upright with the other. Eventually he decides that's not going to work, and has a go at it with both hands, and he's almost got one button into its (really remarkably small) hole when he loses his balance slightly and thumps backward into the outhouse door.

It gives immediately -- of course -- and before he really knows it, he's laying on his back in the dirt, looking up at the stars, which look oddly streaky and fluid.

The sound of a body hitting the inside of the door gives Billy just enough warning to jump sideways as Orlando flies out backwards and lands in a boneless sprawl. A cloud of dust bursts up around him, and Orando blinks once and says, to no one in particular, "Huh."

Billy clamps down hard on the rising laughter and comments, mildly, "Ought to be grateful you finished first." Without shifting his gaze, Orlando languidly raises one arm and makes an obscene gesture in Billy's general direction. He smirks, but a small voice in the back of his head whispers, Someone could take that as an offer. He does his best to ignore it. The arm lowers, and Billy waits for the next drunken remark, but it doesn't come. He's an unexpectedly thoughtful drunk, actually more reflective than he is sober, and it cuts through Billy's amusement at his incapacitation. The faint light picks out the edges of his features, not quite well enough for his expression to be readable. In silence, Billy watches Orlando's chest rise and fall and, for the first time, finds himself wondering what he's thinking about. His mother, maybe, or his stepfather, or some minor past incident that there's no way to guess at. In the darkness, the air still wreathed in the unspoken traces of the last half hour, there's a sudden gap in the space around them. Billy's been a poker player too long to feel a real need to fill it, but it's there nonetheless, and it twitches faintly at the creases of his skin.

After a couple of minutes pass without change, he steps out of the shadow of the outhouse and, extending one hand downward, murmurs, "This isn't the best place for a nap, Lando."

"I'm not," Lando whispers (because he doesn't want to speak too loudly, it might disturb the stars), and reaches up to fumble at Billy's hand. "I'm not sleeping, Bills. Look."

He wraps his fingers around Billy's hand, smaller and harder than Lando's, and tugs downward.

Billy resists for long moments, and Lando wonders blearily what he has against stars, but eventually Lando hears him sigh (he smiles faintly, it's familiar, oddly comfortable and comforting) and feels the resistance wane and fade as Billy comes down to one knee beside him in the dusty dooryard.

"What are you going on about, boy," he mutters, but there's no bite to it.

"Come down," Lando says. "Come down, Bills, look at the stars."

They are bloody amazing, pinpricks of ethereal light embedded in the black of the endless sky. They streak madly every time Lando blinks and leave swirls and streamers of color imprinted on his eyes.

"I'm not going to lay in the dirt with you, Lando," Billy says, but quietly, still without the kind of bite that Billy's words often hold, and even as he says it Lando can see him leaning back slightly from the corner of his eye, can see him tipping his face upward to look.

"The stars," Lando murmurs, and tugs on Billy's hand again. "So bloody gorgeous," he breathes.

The night sky is quiet, to Billy's eyes. Stars, a few faint hazes of cloud, a low-slivered moon. He's seen clearer nights, and more spectacular ones, when the orange globe of the moon loomed large and threatening on the horizon, when shooting stars blazed and burst their doomed glory across the sky. He doesn't see much extraordinary in the darkness above him. But when he tilts his head back down to watch the wonder flow across Lando's face, making his eyelids flicker wide, he gets hints of what he was supposed to see.

Lando's eyelids drop to half-mast and don't reopen, and Billy leans in, squeezing his hand slightly. "Time to head back up," he murmurs. "Stars'll still be here tomorrow." Lando blinks, eyes visibly shifting to focus on Billy's face. For a few moments, neither of them moves. A crash from inside punctuates the night, followed by a loud burst of laughter, and nodding, Lando lets go of Billy's hand and starts levering himself up. Deftly, Billy threads one arm around him, grasps a wrist, and lifts him carefully to his feet. Lando sways heavily into him and mumbles thanks when Billy shifts to steady him. Slowly, but with less difficulty than before, he navigates them both back through the door and up the stairs to their room, Lando trailing one hand along the rough walls as they pass by.

Reaching back with one hand, Billy shuts and locks the door behind them and guides the stumbling Lando across to drop gracefully onto the bed. Eyes mostly closed, he mumbles something and gropes toward his feet. Silently, Billy bends and pulls both boots off for him, setting them neatly by the foot of the bed, then brushes Lando's hands out of the way and begins to dispatch the buttons on the front of his shirt. The chest beneath them is brown and narrow, hairless as a child's, and Billy is suddenly filled with the memory of himself at fifteen, crushed and half-blind with fever, and his brother helping him in and out of clothes as chills came and went, changing bedpans, fetching water and damp cloths. Singing to him once, the quiet tune cutting through delirium like a cool breeze. Gently, Billy maneuvers Lando's arms out of the cotton shirt, unbuckles his belt and slides the jeans down his hips. Lando moans and twitches at the air against that much exposed skin, and Billy helps him wriggle the rest of the way onto the bed. As he pulls the covers up around Lando's shoulders and reaches to settle the pillow more securely under his head, Lando stretches one hand out blindly and presses it onto Billy's chest. "G'night, Bills," he breathes. His fingers curl around Billy's open collar, hold there, and then his arm drops slowly onto the bed.

Billy stares down at him, the smooth clear brow, the narrow bones of his head, the thin curve of too-long limbs beneath the blankets. Lando's shoulders hitch once as he yawns, then sink into the boneless rise and fall of the deeply unconscious. Quietly, Billy reaches under the bed and drags the pot out, moves toward the chest of drawers and retrieves the pitcher of water they filled earlier. Lando doesn't stir. Billy stands, looking at him, and then, nodding once, walks across the room. "Goodnight, kid," he murmurs, and he turns and pinches out the lamp.