Ginny Weasley was going by the name Ginny Malfoy. She dressed a lot better than she had at Hogwarts and she certainly didn't remember Katie or anything about the place. She still had the same temper and the same flair toward the dramatic. She enjoyed showing Katie around the Manor, and Katie could almost feel the pull of the Manor's magic across her skin. "It likes you," Ginny told Katie when she remarked on it. "It thinks you're good for me. And it likes company, anyway. It hasn't had enough people inside of it for so long..."

Katie immediately thought dirty things. She chalked it up to being a professional Quidditch player and knowing Marcus Flint. And fucking him, too.

Katie was a bit unsettled to have Ginny refer to Marcus as her husband, even if he had warned her that taking his ring would mean forever. Perhaps this was how it was going to be within the Death Eater circles, but she still would have rather had a ceremony with all her friends and family. That was the way a marriage was supposed to be done.

"So were they supposed to kill you?" Katie nodded as she sipped her tea. "Oh. Then you're pregnant, too?" Ginny asked Katie over tea. Katie managed to keep herself from spurting tea all over the antique silver tray, but only just.

"Um, no. Not likely. I've been taking potions for years."

"Pity," Ginny murmured. "I'd've liked our children to be friends, too."

Katie smiled even as her stomach did little flip flops at the thought of dark haired children running about. "Well, I won't be taking it here, will I?"

"I don't have any," Ginny told her, smiling. "Sorry." She turned her head as a snowy owl flew into the parlor, a letter attached to its leg. She gave it part of a scone as payment and watched it fly off. She frowned at the letter but didn't open it.

"What's that?"

Ginny looked up at Katie. "You know, I really appreciate that you're not trying to tell me how I should be. That I'm not what you expected me to be, or that I shouldn't be acting the way I do."

"Well, I knew you from Quidditch and House parties. I didn't know you very well, not the way close friends do." Yet Katie couldn't help but feel as if that was a little lie as well, because her best friend Leanne still didn't know about Marcus Flint.

Ginny handed over the letter. "My family tries to send me letters about how I should be. They seem to have forgotten that I can't remember it, not one sodding thing."

Katie grasped the letter but didn't open it. She clasped Ginny's hand in hers. "We'll figure out who you are together, then. But I can tell you what I do know."

"What's that?"

"You were fantastic on a broom, playing Chaser or Seeker. If we don't go fast, d'you think you'd like to take a spin on the grounds?"

Ginny smiled. "I think I'd like that. I'd been locked up inside the house for months."

Letter forgotten, they headed off to the grounds.
***
Marcus couldn't find Katie, and he had half a mind to tear the Manor apart brick by brick until he found her. Luckily for the Manor, he found her giggling with Ginny in the kitchens. The elves were scandalized, ironing their hands or banging their heads into the wall. Katie and Ginny had their heads bent over an old cookbook, and it looked like they were trying to make a pie. Flour was everywhere, and random ingredients were scattered across the table.

"Bloody hell, Katie, I looked everywhere for you!" he growled before he was even aware of what he was saying.

She looked up with a grin. "Malfoy's not with you, is he? This is a surprise for his birthday. Ginny said he doesn't like cake, so we're trying a pie."

"What the hell for?" he asked, feeling utterly gobsmacked.

"Well, we can't exactly go out and find him a present," Ginny told him tartly. "I think we can at least put one pie together."

"Want to help?" Katie asked, that innocent smile on her face. It was the one he carried with him into Death Eater revels to remind him why he was putting up with it all.

With a sigh, he rolled up his shirtsleeves. "What do you need help with?"

He bore up well with the two giggling women, and had to admit that it hadn't been completely horrible to bake with them. He let Ginny go off on her own devices, and Katie happily was telling him about flying in the back grounds since she'd last seen him. "So the past week, we've gone out every day. It's almost the size of a pitch, can you believe it? Ginny won't go high, because of being pregnant, but I can still practice my barrel rolls and my..."

Marcus had held out the locket he had given her. Katie brought her hand to her mouth, speechless. "Marcus. How did you...?"

"I pretended to give that bloody bastard Nott a hand searching the damn place. Sorry, nothing's going to be salvageable in there. He's upset that he's nothing to show for anything. So he was an utter fuckwit and destroyed nearly everything. But I saved a few things."

Katie kissed him on the mouth and let him put the necklace on her. "You know... I have a suite. A really nice big one. With a bed. That's far enough away from Ginny's room..."

Marcus didn't need to be told twice. The moment they were inside the suite, the door was spelled shut and he seized her mouth in a kiss. He walked her backward until she hit the bed with the backs of her knees and fell over. He shoved her clothes out of the way and ripped off her knickers then plunged right into her. "Fuck," he groaned, face pressed against her neck. He had one arm curled around her and his other hand was fisted in her hair. Katie had her arms and legs wrapped around him, and she made those delicious mewling sounds of pleasure. "Merlin, Katie, it's fucking hell without you."

It was as close to a declaration as he'd ever gotten. For Marcus, it was tantamount to admitting he was in love. Katie smiled and pulled him closer. "I love you, too."

He groaned as he came inside her and didn't answer. He liked knowing he didn't have to.

"So what happened?"

"You didn't come," he said instead of answering. She shrugged and he frowned. "Oh, no, this has to be fair."

"A Slytherin doing fair? The world is coming to an end, all right."

"Fucking hell, Katie," he ground out between clenched teeth. He realized she was trying to cheer him up, but he didn't want to shake the feeling of dread just yet. "Don't joke," he said, voice soft. "Not now."

"Then tell me why," Katie murmured, running her fingers through his hair. It was getting too long, now. Further proof he was distracted by something.

"Things aren't shaking out right. I don't know if Malfoy's plan is going to happen soon enough or even work."

"Ask him, then," she told him, exasperated. "It'll stop eating at you if you do."

"I did."

"And?"

"I'm too thick for him to tell me. Everyone else'll just pick it up out of my head. Bad enough I had to face down the bloody Dark Lord and pretend I didn't fucking know where you were. And he rifled through my sodding head, and I had to put all my fantasies up front, like I'd never touched you, like we'd never spoken, just so he wouldn't guess I was lying." He shuddered in her arms. "Fuck if I didn't want to end up like Malfoy's father."

Katie hadn't known that Lucius Malfoy was dead. Ginny hadn't said anything and she certainly hadn't wanted to talk to Draco Malfoy. "I'm sorry," Katie murmured, stroking his back gently. "But you're here now. With me. It worked, didn't it?"

His laugh was bitter. "I'm commanded to find you and fuck you into submission to give me babies. To make the next generation of Death Eaters." His grip on her was almost painfully tight. "I have until the end of the fucking year, or they'll consider you barren and put you back on the bloody list."

"It's a little sooner than I'd like it," Katie said, hoping she didn't sound as shaken as she felt. "I'd thought a few years on the teams first..."

He covered her mouth with his, hands tangled in her hair. This was a possessive kiss, one born of desperation and longing and hopelessness. "I can't outwit a Dark Lord, Katie," he murmured. "If Malfoy can't do it, I certainly can't."

"He's working with the Order," Katie told him softly. "Ginny told me. She doesn't remember them as family, and that's why she asked to come back here. She's safe here, she knows the Manor and it likes her. But the Order's going to do something."

She ran her hands along his back when he shook his head in disbelief. "I can't believe in them."

The locket around her neck was cool and heavy against her skin. He'd had hope once. He'd been rough and thoughtless in some ways, and so terribly sweet in others.

Katie cradled his face in her hands. "I will for both of us, then."
***
Draco strode through the front hall, face pinched and tight. Ginny had been reading a book but tossed it aside as soon as she felt him enter the room. "What is it?" she asked, brows furrowed in thought. Once she had been tucked back into Malfoy Manor, he had shut her out of his thoughts. He said it was so he could focus better, but it stung. She wanted to help, had pushed him in the right direction before. Couldn't he trust her now?

He gave her an absent kiss. "I have some things to plan, Gin," he murmured. "Don't wait up."

Frowning, Ginny headed to the back gardens where Katie was flying high above the Manor grounds. "Katie!"

She dove down toward Ginny and pulled up short, a frown on her face. "Is something happening?" she asked, concerned.

Ginny glowered darkly at Katie. "He's plotting something without me like I'm a delicate idiot. I don't like it."

"Want me to work on him through Marcus?"

"I didn't see Marcus," Ginny told her, concerned. "Whatever this is, Marcus isn't involved."

I'm not clever enough for his plan...

Katie hopped off of her broom with a sigh. "Well, then, we're going to have to get you a wand."

"What? What are you going to do?"

"Teach you magic again. And then if we have to, we'll follow the bastards and help them whether we like it or not. There's plenty of stuff in the library here to teach you advanced defense and attack spells. I'm pants at them, but I'm sure if we have a good enough reason, it'll work."

"That's the best thing I've heard all day," Ginny told her, relieved. She was so glad that Katie was around in the Manor. Otherwise she would have felt completely isolated and helpless.

"Fantastic. Let's get started."
***
It was sneaky, but Katie had been good friends with the Weasley twins and understood that a certain level of sneaky was absolutely required for good pranks to go off well. And in this case, she knew that the sneaky was a matter of life or death.

While going over the basic things Harry had taught them in the DA, Katie had combed through Lucius Malfoy's entire library of Dark Arts. There were quite a few spells that she had no intention of ever learning, and some nasty hexes that made her hair rise on end just reading about. But there were also very good spells in the collection as well. There were various spells for tracking, locating, eavesdropping and remaining hidden. There were a few attack and defense spells that even Harry hadn't known about, and she pored over those greedily. She and Ginny practiced every day while the two Death Eaters were out of the house, practicing on weeds in the back lawn or straw figures the house elves created for them.

Ginny might not have remembered Hogwarts or her past lessons at all, but she definitely still had her magic and could still use it effectively.

The next time Marcus arrived at Malfoy Manor, he looked haggard and drawn. "Marcus?" Katie had whispered, running her hands over his face in concern. He brushed her hands away but didn't protest when she brought him upstairs to her bed. She undressed him and ran her hands along the planes of his body. He stirred, eyes focusing for a moment, but he groaned as she took him into her mouth and began to suck gently. Head lolling on her pillow, Marcus sighed as Katie moved to kiss his stomach when she needed to give her jaw a break. His cock was hard against her palm, her thumb on top of the head. She thumbed the building moisture, swirling it around the tip. He reached out for where she was kneeling beside him on the bed and worked his hand into her clothing. He slid his fingers against her skin until he found the juncture of her thighs. He traced the damp curls, noting her sharp intake of breath with satisfaction. He slid a finger inside her, teasing her, and her hand tightened around his cock.

"Bleeding hell, Katie," he groaned as she moved to take his cock into her mouth again. Heat curled inside her at the sound of his voice, and she moaned. The vibration rippled along his cock, and it twitched inside her mouth. Her wetness was slick on his fingers as they worked her from the inside out, the thumb brushing against her clit. She made a soft keening noise, muffled, and Marcus tried not to chuckle at the way she tilted her hips so he could have even better access. She certainly wasn't shy about what she liked once she figured it out, and that was definitely one thing he liked about her.

She sucked in a breath as he continued to stroke her sensitive clit, a finger deep inside of her. She ran her tongue along the length of his cock, then swirled it around the tip. Katie bobbed her head so that his cock ran along her tongue or slid across the inside of her cheek. He groaned, arching into her mouth, his other hand coming to rest on the back of her head. He didn't push, but the insistence was there. Finish it, his touch told her. Make me come.

Marcus kept working his finger inside her, thumb at her clit. He stroked her in small circles, then back and forth. Katie made muffled mewling noises, his cock still firmly in her mouth, her hips bucking against his hand. He could feel her tighten around his finger, her hands clutching desperately at his hips for balance. "Come," he groaned, pushing his cock further into her mouth, his hand at the back of her head. He moved at a more punishing pace, fingers fast and slick with her juices. She made soft, muffled mewling noises, twisting above him. "Come for me."

She did, sucking hard on him as she did so. He grunted, hips bucking up into her mouth, and then he came as well. Katie swallowed it all down, then pulled back and collapsed across his stomach. Marcus's hand was still between her legs, and her clit was so painfully sensitive that even the slightest touch made her writhe on top of him.

Katie rolled to her side and curled around Marcus' body. "Feeling better?" she asked sleepily.

"Tension gone? Yes. Worry for everyone's bloody lives, no."

Katie surreptitiously cast tracking charms on his clothes when he wasn't looking. "You're going to another revel tonight, then?"

"Mum..." His voice cracked. "They're killing Mum tonight." His laughter was bitter and pained, and he couldn't meet Katie's eyes after her gasp of horror. "I'd had fantasies of you in Hogwarts, you know. I'd bring you home and we'd shag on my bed. Or the floor of my room. I'd take you up against the wall and make you keep quiet because my parents' room was right next door. We'd shag on the desk, fucking in the backyard, something. And Mum would've loved you, of course, and think you're a sodding good luck charm of a girl." He threw an arm over his face so he wouldn't have to look at her or deal with any pity she might have. "Merlin's balls, I'm a bleeding girl. Fucking hell, Katie. Everything's bloody fucked. The world has gone to shite and nobody can do a damn thing about it."

"What about Malfoy's plan?"

"He said maybe tonight, but it depended. He left the games early this evening." Marcus still couldn't look at her, though his other hand was tight in hers. "I didn't even try to argue with the bastard. He has his own wife and child to think of."

Wife. She'd forgotten. The way things were now, Katie was Marcus's wife even without a ceremony to mark the occasion.

But Malfoy hadn't been to the manor. That meant he was meeting with the Order to try to get things done tonight, before Marcus's mother was killed. He was going to do it as a favor to Flint, who'd been supportive of him and subtly pointing fingers elsewhere. Marcus didn't think he was clever enough, but Katie knew he was capable of many things when pushed enough.

When this was over, she owed Malfoy a good right hook to the jaw for the needless suffering he'd put Marcus through.

Katie draped herself over Marcus and simply held him for a while. When he needed to Apparate to the latest revel, she let him go with a fierce kiss of support. "Come home to me," she told him solemnly, just as she had every other time he left.

This time, she dressed in black and ran to get Ginny. The redhead dressed in black as well and took her borrowed wand. They used the tracking spells Katie had laid on Marcus's clothes and Apparated a few feet away from the designated meeting spot. Katie almost wished they had more time to prepare, to try to contact the Order. She could only hope that she was correct in her guess that Malfoy had gone for them. If he hadn't, they were all well and truly fucked.

She saw a terrified middle aged woman being dragged toward an altar in a clearing in front of a massive stone fortress. She could pick out Marcus's form, tension etched in every line of his body. She couldn't see Malfoy, and started cursing his ancestors in the back of her mind. Of all the times to become a selfish coward...

"There he is," Ginny hissed, nodding toward the fortress, her fingers digging into Katie's arm.

Draco Malfoy was in long black robes edged in red, the color of bright blood. He stood behind Voldemort holding a ceremonial dagger that Ginny had recognized in their study of Lucius' books. It was an ancient blade called the Soul Stealer, and its mate the Soul Receiver was the rune-etched chalice being carried in Wormtail's hands. Draco was pale, face drawn and tight as he followed Voldemort. He met no one's eyes and seemed to be concentrating at the task at hand. He didn't spare any glances at Marcus, waiting in the inner circle beside his terrified mother, who was held by three masked and hooded Death Eaters, a knife to her throat to keep her still.

As the macabre procession fell into place, Draco nodded at the hooded Death Eater with the knife. The knife was withdrawn and the Death Eater backed away, disappearing into the shadows away from the inner circle.

"This life you shed is a gift to me, your Lord and Master," Voldemort said, voice sibilant and soft. The clearing was so still that his voice carried to where Katie and Ginny were hidden.

Marcus's mother spat at the ground in front of Voldemort, her final act of defiance. "Good on you," Katie muttered, wand ready in her hand. Ginny had hers out as well.

Voldemort raised his hand, gesturing for her to be brought to the altar and sacrificed.

And that was when all hell broke loose.

Half of the hooded Death Eaters pulled their hoods and masks off, revealing Order members with their wands at the ready. An outer ring of people materialized, Order members as well, Harry at the lead. Spells were thrown, rapid fire, a raging blaze of magic and fury.

Katie and Ginny catapulted themselves forward as Marcus dragged his mother to the ground to help her avoid getting shot by spells. Katie blasted a Death Eater in the face with a close-range Stunning spell, and Ginny used a nasty cutting hex on another. She waded forward, blasting her way to Marcus's side. Ginny was heading for Draco, who had the ceremonial knife in his hands still. She screamed when he raised it, then plunged it down into Voldemort's back.

Voldemort struck Draco in the face, sending him flying. The knife was still stuck in his back, and it slowly began to glow as it absorbed the stolen years he had taken from his followers. Harry surged forward, shouting curses at the Death Eaters in his way. He was single minded in his advance, intending to get to Voldemort and finish things for good.

Katie saw Nott raise his wand to point it at Harry. "Avada Kedavra!" he shouted.

Katie screamed when she saw Marcus stand in front of the jet of green light, letting Harry pass him to curse Voldemort. Marcus fell, glassy dead eyes wide open, an expression of calm acceptance on his face.

Nott turned, eyes wide with horror. His gaze fell on her agonized face, and then he began to smile. "Fucking Katie Bell," he said, lips curling into a sneer. He raised his wand, confident that he would fell her instantly.

"It's fucking Katie Flint, asshole," she snarled, teeth bared and lips curled back in anger. She whipped her wand to face him. "Reducto!"

He had an instant to register the spell she threw at him before he exploded.

Katie whirled around, hearing Ginny scream in anger somewhere off to her left. Ginny was holding her own against Fenrir Greyback, who was snarling at her and trying to gouge at her arms with his clawed fingers. She headed forward, where Marcus lay staring up at the sky in his mother's wailing arms, when the ground seemed to shake beneath her feet. She turned her head and saw Harry standing in the epicenter of a magical blast wave, spattered in viscous blackened blood. Voldemort was standing there, the knife in his back like a glowing star, a large hole in the center of his abdomen.

Harry calmly stepped forward, pushing aside the folds of his cloak. He had the sword of Gryffindor at his side, and he swung it around in a clean arc. Voldemort's head was separated from his body, and it collapsed to the ground as a second quake rocked the clearing.

Katie was knocked to her feet, the breath whooshing out of her body. She crawled across the floor toward Marcus, not feeling the rocks cutting into her arms. She couldn't feel anything in her shock, couldn't believe he wasn't sneering at her for being so silly. Of course he wasn't dead. Of course he didn't just sacrifice himself for the fucking Boy Who Lived. Of course he was coming back to her, ready to fuck her into the mattress and make fun of her silly Gryffindor ideals. Of course he was. Of course.

Only, he was staring at the sky without blinking, lips blue. His mother was sobbing, rocking and holding him in her grasp, wailing at the midnight stars.

Katie grasped his hand, not realizing she was crying. "Marcus," she rasped, watching his image blur in front of her. "You fucking wake up! You promised you'd come home to me, you lying bastard! You wake up right now!"

She could feel Marcus's mother grabbing her, letting her hold onto Marcus as she wailed, but it didn't register. He wasn't waking up. He wasn't moving. Why wasn't he moving? He always moved when she yelled at him, if only to tell her to shut the fuck up or shove over in bed or damn it, Bell, keep it down, someone might hear!

Draco was holding the ceremonial blade, shining like a fallen star in his hands. Ginny was at his side, snarling and hexing anyone that came within five feet of them. They slowly backed toward Harry, who had moved toward the other Order members. Both sides had suffered casualties, both sides had wounded and mauled members. Still, the Death Eaters outnumbered the Order members, and they were willing to press their advantage.

Ginny took the blade from Draco and knelt beside the weeping Katie. "Katie. Let him go."

Weeping, Katie could only stare at Ginny in disbelief. "He won't wake up. Ginny, he won't wake up. He needs to wake up and fucking yell at me. He needs to yell at me."

"I know," she told her gently, a hand on Katie's arm. "But I need you to let go. I know how this works. I can fix it."

Katie nodded and scooted over, letting Ginny kneel beside Marcus. "Whatever you're going to do, Gin, do it fast," Draco hissed. "They're getting restless. I think they're going to fight us to the death. They've nothing to live for now. They won't go to Azkaban."

"Kill them all," Katie heard herself say, voice bitter and broken. It would have horrified her old self, the idealistic self she'd been in Hogwarts. She didn't recognize herself any longer.

"Give us the knife!" Bellatrix called out, stepping forward. Her smile was cruel and crazed, her eyes shining in the half light. "We'll even let you live for us to hunt down."

"Aunt Bella," Draco drawled lazily, wand arm high. "We both know you're lying."

"Kill them!" she screeched. And the battle began again.

Katie focused on Ginny, who was chanting something under her breath, knife in her hands raised over Marcus's torso. Katie slid her fingers through his hand, but it was cold and clammy, lying still in death. She couldn't move, couldn't leave his side. There were Death Eaters that needed killing, but she couldn't bring herself to move.

Ginny plunged the knife into Marcus's chest, and his eyes instantly shot further open as he sucked in a painful breath. Color flooded into his cheeks and he scrabbled at Katie's hands and shrieked an unholy note of pain. The bright light had faded, and Ginny pulled the knife away. Dark blood poured out of the wound, and both Katie and Mrs. Flint cried out in dismay. Katie tried to push it back into the gaping hole, sobbing, and couldn't understand what Ginny had done. She hadn't read that book. She hadn't been able to read it; the pages had appeared blank to her eyes. Ginny had said it was spelled for Malfoys only.

"Just watch," Ginny was telling her confidently. The knife wasn't glowing any longer, it looked brittle. Ginny broke it in two over Marcus's chest, and it crumbled to dust. As it did so, the gaping hole in his chest closed over, blood running backward to seal the wound.

Katie collapsed, hands over her mouth in disbelief. "Marcus?"

"Fucking hell," he coughed, the air around him tasting faintly of blood. "Was I dead?"

Throwing herself at him, Katie could only laugh and chant his name. His mother sobbed in relief, and they were all oblivious to the curses flying around them.

It didn't matter anymore, anyway. With Voldemort dead, the war was officially over. Now it was time to clean up the mess he left behind.
***
***