Becca Takes Her Hands Off The Wheel 
by ratios 

Part 4:

I did A on autopilot, taking Monique’s tease under advisement and just standing feet apart and hands pointed over my head. Raising my arms raised the hem of my skirt enough that I was sure my underwear were once again on display and Deeta and Monique both took advantage this time of kneeling on the ground in front of me to get low angle shots up my body. I just stood there while they took all the close-ups they liked.


After taking a few shots, Deeta flicked around on her phone for a second and held up the screen in front of my face to show me a picture of myself, arms stretched high as they still were, biting my lip and looking down at the camera. If I didn’t know any better, I would have said that the version of me in the photo really wanted the viewer to come closer and see even more. I realized I was still biting my lip and putting out major begging vibes, so I forced myself to stop and adopt a neutral expression.


“You’re so adorable, Bex,” Deeta commented, pulling her phone back and booping me on the nose. “Next!,” she called behind her as she and Monique rejoined the rest of the group.


C was just canting my hips to the right and leaning my arms to the left. Nothing was particularly exposed and the group only took a few photos before Monique waved me onwards.


For K, I did half a star jump to get into position, my right arm and leg straight up and down, and my left limbs at angles. Monique noticed my move and giggled before saying, “I think we need to see that move again. Go back to standing straight then get into K again.”


Blushing, I straightened out again and did the half star jump move again. I noticed when I did it that the movement of my body caused my boobs to jiggle a bit. Several photos were taken and then Monique, still giggling, told me, “Forget the letter for a second, just do some actual star jumps for us, Bex.”


Fully aware that the full exercise move would have my boobs bouncing all over the place and my skirt likely popping up and flashing constantly, I tensed myself and did what Monique told me to, jumping up and down in place and flailing my arms and legs out, then in, then out, then in. All four of my friends were either giggling or outright laughing at this point and I would bet from how their phones were all held in place that there were four very similar videos being taken of my antics.


Of course, it was during my extremely embarrassing athletic performance that a car turned into the driveway into the school grounds. Even in my bouncing state I could see the driver slow and almost stop before honking several times. The driver’s side window rolled down and a woman’s voice shouted, “Nice look, girl! Y’all need to send me those videos! Woo woo!”


Monique and Deeta laughed with her and, for a tense moment,I wondered if they were going to offer to share their footage, but, thankfully, the girl in the car must have just been joking and, after her woo-ing, she rolled up her window and drove off. My face turning beet red, I wanted to dissolve into my component atoms and drift off with the wind, but I hadn’t been told to stop, so I kept up with my awkward jumping in place until Nicky finally gave me permission to stop.


Coming a few steps closer to me as I leaned with my hands on my knees, trying to catch my breath, she had a concerned look on her face as she asked, “Are you having fun, Becca? I’m not seeing a lot of smiles on your face. If you’re not okay with all of this, it’s totally okay to ask us to ease up or stop.”


The rest of the group seemed to turn as one towards me, eyebrows raised and looking so damned hopeful that they could continue our game that it melted my heart a bit.


Considering Nicky’s question, I realized that I hadn’t really thought about what I wanted in what seemed like forever. Taking stock, yes I was still a bit terrified to be out doing what I was doing as I was doing it, and, yes, I still felt completely out of my element, but did I really want to stop? I guess, more than anything, I didn’t want to disappoint my friends, and they were all clearly still having fun playing with me. If I was forced to be introspective, I might also admit that there was a certain chemical rush that came with the thrill of doing something naughty in public, risking consequences unknown. Who knew that dancing on the edge of cliffs could be so exciting?


Not wanting to be the wet blanket that snuffed out the good times, I decided that, for the sake of my friends’ enjoyment, and for my own exploration, I was going to commit to following every order I received for the rest of the night as long as they didn’t cause me long term distress or bodily harm. And not just following, either: I had to put some enthusiasm into it. Constant hesitation and whining could be a mood killer, and I didn’t want my friends to feel bad, so I promised myself to obey as cheerfully and enthusiastically as possible, no matter how much the circumstances might be tearing me up inside.


With a big smile on my face, I gave Nicky and the rest of the group a double thumbs up. Looking appeased but still slightly confused with my completely-unlike-me pattern of behavior, Nicky shrugged and said, “Whatever you want, girl. Just know I’m here for you,” before giving me a big hug. Squeezing her tight, I almost teared up and whispered, “I know you are. Thank you Nic.”


When Nicky and I separated, Deeta came up and high fived me and then gave me a hug too, before mussing my hair. It was already heavily askew from previous posing, so I didn’t bother to spend time fixing it, other than brushing a few errant strands from my face.


She gestured for me to stand up straight and I did so, and she laughed and said, “Congratulations, you’ve just done I.”


I looked down at myself and then back at her and couldn’t help but giggle at the situation. The group took their photos and then Deeta asked, “Do you know what you’re doing for the N yet?”


Having not thought that far ahead, I shook my head in response.


“Gotcha,” she replied. “Have you ever done any yoga? Do you know what bridge pose is?”


“Uh, no, not really.”


“Kay, no worries. Lie down and I’ll show you. No, rotate like this. There you go. Now, bring your knees back so your ankles are vertical. Little further. Perfect!“


She had me positioned on my back, body parallel to the sign with my head pointing to the right. My knees were pointed straight up in front of me and she knelt down next to me.


“Now, spread your feet apart a bit. Further. Further. There you go. Next, lift your hips. Keep going. Really hump the sky! Here, let me help.”


Not being terribly flexible or coordinated, I wasn’t sure what I was doing. Gravity, combined with the position I was in, had caused my skirt to pretty much invert on itself, so I now had no covering on my lower body at all except for my panties, which were still wedged into my two cracks from Monique’s earlier machinations. Sasha and Nicky were still standing at their spot near the edge of the grass circle, still taking photos of me forming letters as intended, but Monique had quietly come to stand in front of me, taking her photos directly up the corridor formed by my spread legs. Remembering my promise to myself, I gave her my best smile as I struggled to form the pose that Deeta was trying to help me into. Between shots, she mouthed, “So wet!,” and smirked at me and I felt like my crotch might get so hot that I would melt.


When my hips didn’t lift high enough for Deeta, she took it upon herself to put her left hand under my butt and help me lift them further. The hand made contact briefly before she jerked back looking shocked for a second, then her face broke into a huge grin and she reached back under me to better guide my body. I was confused for just a moment but then I put Monique’s silent comment and Deeta’s reaction together and realized that the seat of my panties was probably as damp as the front at this point. Deeta must have been getting literal firsthand evidence of just how turned on I was right now. Making eye contact with me, her lifting hand cupped one of my buttcheeks and gave it a gentle squeeze as she positioned me. The squeeze was paired with a deepening of her dimples and a little nose twitch as her smile got even bigger for a second.


Her touch on the half bare skin of my ass had already been almost too much, and the added squeeze caused me to shudder and an involuntary moan escaped my throat. I sucked on my lower lip to keep myself quiet and let her finish pushing me to where she wanted, hoping that her helping hand might provide further stimulation, but she just winked at me and stepped back once my back and thighs formed a straight line. She then took my right arm and pried it off the ground from where I was using it for balance and had me stick it straight up into the air. My entire body was trembling with the combination of physical effort and other, more intimate needs.


Stepping back, she held her hand out proudly in my direction and announced to the group, “Ladies and ladies, I give you: N!”


Two seconds later, my whole body buckled under the strain and I crumpled to the ground. The whole group laughed at the perfect timing of my collapse and, despite the hormones raging in my bloodstream, I couldn’t help but giggle along, whatever spell I had been under for the last moment having been broken.


Laughing along with everyone else, Deeta reached her right hand down and helped me stand up off the ground, smoothing my skirt down with my free hand and trying to regain a tiny shred of my modesty back as I went. Without letting my hand go, she caught my eye, giving me a strange look, and raised her left hand to her face. First, she took a long and steady inhale through her nose, letting out a throaty “mmmmmm” sound. Then, she reached out and made an exaggerated show of slowly licking from the base of her wrist to the tip of her middle finger, before forming a fist and pressing it between her breasts as if to say Thank You. It took me a second while I struggled to figure out the significance of her actions, but then…


Had that been the hand that she had lifted my butt with? The one that had just spent several seconds massaging my damp panties… Had she just…?


Ho-lee Shit!


My legs went weak and I felt like I was going to fall over again, having to lock my knees in order to remain vertical. It was a struggle to force myself to keep breathing. While I stood there with my mouth hanging open like a dying fish, she gave me a flirty wink and finally let go of my other hand before walking back to join the other girls. Glancing in their direction, I was relieved to see that the others were too busy passing phones back and forth comparing pictures to have noticed what just went on. I felt like I needed someone to dump a cooler full of iced water over my head before my body overheated and I melted into a vaguely Rebecca shaped puddle on the ground.


There was a brief period where nobody was paying me any attention and I found myself just standing there dumbly, not sure what to do. Needing the distraction of the photo shoot to get my mind out of my panties, I forced myself to speak up and voluntarily asked the group, “Next letter?”


This turned focus back to me once again and I stepped in front of the A to do the hands-above-head Village People move. There were a few disinterested photos taken, I guess because this was just a repeat of a pose I had done before, before Monique waved me on to the penultimate W. Relieved to be thinking about the photoshoot rather than my rampant horniniess, I ran into a bit of a brick wall for this letter. I first tried putting my arms up at angles but the group was not satisfied with this, Deeta asking, “Isn’t that Y or V or something?”


“Doesn’t look like a W to me,” Monique added.


Next, I tried leaning back and kicking one leg up with my arms stuck out in front of me at angles. This awkward pose drew a laugh from the group and it was Nicky who commented, “That looks like more of a backwards extra-F or something.”


“The next hottest dance club move, the Triple Angled F, brought to you by Ms Becky Hall!,” Deeta declared before giggling.


Blushing once again, I straighted up and started wracking my brain about other possibilities.


With a teasing grin on her face, Monique asked coyly, “Want some help, Bex? I have an idea.”


Despite knowing that Monique’s helpful ideas often ended up with me losing portions of my clothing or modesty, I recognized that I was stuck without ideas and that my public showing wouldn’t end until I finished out this impromptu photo shoot. With that in mind, I remembered my promise to myself, and tried to look eager when I said, “Sure, what do you want me to do?”


“Lie down on your back, feet towards me.”


Complying with false enthusiasm, I lay down as she asked, just in front of the W, and smiled up at her while waiting for her next instruction. She took an appraising stance with her arms folded on top of each and looked down at me for a few seconds before her face lit up and indicated she had had another idea. Without warning, she bent down and grabbed my ankles and drug me forward about three feet on the smooth grass. The sudden motion drew a squeak from me but the movement was over before I realized what was happening. Dropping my left ankle, she lifted my right up wide and pushed it as far back as my inflexible body would go.


“There,” she stated, nodding and looking pleased with herself. “Now you do the other one.”


With a bit of effort, my left leg joined my right in the air and Monique stepped back to appraise. With my legs up as they were, I looked and felt like I was sitting in an invisible gynecologist's chair, my ankles up in stirrups to present my barely covered sex for public inspection. The drag through the grass had caused my skirt to invert once again, turning it into more of a scrunched tube top for my lower belly, and I just knew that my underwear were on full display, mushed into the damp lips of my vagina. I refused to look down at my crotch as I wasn’t sure I could take what I might see.


“Finishing touch, Bex. Stick an arm up and give everybody a wave; that can be the middle of the W.”


Raising my arm to do as she asked, I felt ridiculous and exposed. There I was, on my back, flashing a group of my friends (and potentially any passing members of the general public) my wet panties, smiling and waving at them like I was the fricking Queen of England on walkabout.


Looking thoroughly pleased with herself with the end product she helped to create out of my body, Monique gave me a thumbs up, and said, “Perfect, just hold that pose exactly like that.”


When she stepped aside, giving the rest of the group their first view of me, Sasha had to hide a smile and Deeta laughed so hard she snorted. Nicky’s jaw dropped open and she stepped forward to take a closer look at me.


Frowning, she warned me, “Uh, Bex? You’re kinda hanging out there, babe. You good?”


The big, fake smile plastered on my face like a rictus grin, I continued my casual waving out of habit and slowly raised my head to glance down my body in an attempt to see what the rest of the group saw. My eyes first passed over my chest; my bra was still in place and ‘the girls’ were still covered, but my nipples were still doing their best to drill their way out. I purposefully ignored them and moved my gaze lower.


Some combination of my previous movements and getting dragged through the grass had caused my already stretched panties to get pulled even tighter against my throbbing lower lips. With how wet I was currently, the panties were already partially transparent, my obscene cameltoe offering a display that required very little imagination to fill in. Imagination wasn’t strictly required any longer, however, as the cotton fabric of the gusset of my underwear had nestled itself partially between my labia lips, making my already swollen, fleshy folds appear volumized and spread as they peeked out the sides. The moment I laid eyes upon myself, I swear to god, I saw my vagina twitch under my panties and my vision whited out to everything except my formerly private parts.


If you poked me with a cattle prod, I don’t know that you could have forced me to look away from myself at that moment, my brain working overtime to sear this new image of myself into my cortex. Numb to the world, I’m not sure how much time passed, but eventually, Nicky’s voice calling, “Becca? Bex? Earth to Rebecca,” worked its way into my consciousness and I broke my gaze on my bulging sex to look up at her again.


“Sup, space cadet?” With concern in her voice, she crouched down to ask, “Seriously, are you feeling okay?”


Okay wasn’t in my vocabulary any longer. I had no idea where I was mentally, but it certainly wasn’t anywhere familiar. My heartbeats felt more like the flitting of a hummingbird’s wing and I could see a wet sheen at the top of both of my thighs from where I had been leaking on myself throughout the photo shoot. My body was obviously loving being on display, but my mind hadn’t caught up yet and I wasn’t really sure I wanted it to. A demented portion of my brain wanted to reach down and pull my panties to the side so I could show the world the little bit it was still missing. A more reasonable voice in my head advised me to run away, far and fast. The main part of my brain, however, ended up mimicking what my body was doing and what I was used to: rolling over and giving up control.


“I’m fine,” I assured Nicky, feeling not so assured myself. On a whim, I added, “This is all so exciting, I only wish I could go even further. I’ll let you know if we cross any lines.” In reality, we had already crossed the line. Several lines, in fact. It felt like there was nothing behind me but lines, but I felt duty bound to be a ‘good girl’ as Sasha had called me, and to continue doing as I was being told.


Nicky stared at my smiling face for a long moment before glancing at my waving hand, and then taking her eyes on a brief tour of my body before approaching to kneel beside me.


“Even further, huh?,” she questioned, flicking her right index finger across one of my nipples, causing me to flich and groan.


Why had I told her that?


“If that’s what you really want, I’ll stop pumping the brakes on your behalf. I can’t say I really understand where you’re coming from right now, but you’re my bestie and I’m down to help you live out whatever fantasy it is that you’re chasing. I guess we can start with this.”


Still smiling, still legs akimbo, I watched as my best friend in the whole world reached down to grab the front of my exposed panties and began to shimmy them back and forth over my folds.


“ohfuck,” I wheezed in response to the sensation, the words barely indistinguishable from a moan as they breezed directly from my throat out into the world.


By working the gusset of my panties back and forth a few times, Nicky managed to scrunch the front panel into a thin, vertical line of fabric buried between my, now well defined and prominently displayed, labia lips. I was seconds from cumming from even that tiny amount of stimulation and broke my smile to look up at Nicky with, what I hoped was, all of the need and yearning in my body written on my face. Modesty, privacy, and respectability could all go to hell in that moment; I would have given every single thing I held dear to be pushed that last little bit of the way across the threshold into the sweet release of an orgasm.


Missing or ignoring my signs, Nicky’s only response was to frown at her now damp hand and wipe it off on the inside of my skirt, leaving several small trails of wetness behind. I whimpered in agitation.


Standing and smiling down on me as if proud to have helped, she told me, “There, that’s a bit further. If you want more, you’re going to have to do it yourself. We don’t have any Purell and, well, you’ve got kind of a nasty swamp thing going on down there right now, bae.”


She laughed at this and Monique, standing to the side, joined in. Deeta was whispering to Sasha several feet away and I was sure they were all privately judging me for their own amusement. I silently wished they would all just take their pictures so I could get somewhere private and finish myself off. Through it all, I had somehow continued to wave at them all like an idiot and once again pasted my happy smile on my face.


After a bit of good natured ribbing, and quite a bit of pointing and whispering, the group finally settled down and began taking their photos. Displaying a comparative lack of the shame that felt like was dominating my existence currently, Deeta and Monique even got down and took a bunch of super closeups of my newly split lower lips. As they happily snapped away, I thought to myself, “Those pictures can never, ever, ever go anywhere near the eyes of the public.” Immediately after having that thought, I had another, realizing lamely, “But I’m in public right now, and we haven’t even gotten to dinner yet!”


Laying there on the ground, on salacious display, my oozing sex dripping my oily juices down the crack of my butt, all I could really bring myself to do was grin and bear it… or I guess grin and bare it might have been more accurate.
