
 Emma's Farm - 7 (fsolo, food)

Disclaimer: this is a work of fiction Emma wakes to find her
mother home.  Dinner that evening becomes rather

arousing as Emma has some fun with the food - but will her mother
find out? ---------------

   Emma's eyes fluttered open as she was woken the next morning
to the smell of bacon cooking in a pan.  Before bed she had
washed her dirty clothes and cleaned up around the house, not
knowing when her mother would be home.  She evidently had got
home sometime during the night or in the morning, and it was
around 10 am as Emma made her way downstairs.  She wore her usual
night clothes, a lacy camisole that was longer than usual, which
just barely covered her panty clad bottom.

 "Hi sweetie!" Her mother said as she entered the kitchen.  She
ran over and gave Emma a tight hug and kissed her face
repeatedly."oh I missed you so much."

 "I missed you too mom, but you were only gone a couple days."
Emma took a seat at the kitchen table."How'd it go?"

 "good!" her mother answered enthusiastically."They're going to
start with a small order and if it goes well they'll keep our
milk in stock! So how did things go here?  Did you have any
trouble?"

 "everything was fine."

 "anything exciting happen?"

 "um.  no.  nothing." Anna lied.  Linda turned and placed a plate
of food in front of Anna, who immediately tucked in.  Soon she
sat down with her own plate, and they talked about Linda's trip
while they finished breakfast.

 "Well, my flight got in late last night and I'm exhausted -"
would you mind doing the chores while I go take a nap?"

 "sure thing mom!" Emma said as she stood up from the table.  She
walked over to the mud room and began to put her boots on.

 "Aren't you going to put on some clothes first?" came her
mother's voice from behind her.

 "Oh.  Yeah.  Sorry, guess I'm just not awake yet." Emma ran back
through the kitchen and up the stairs to put on some clothes. 
Linda watched her daughter as she bounded up the stairs, noting
her perfectly shaped little ass underneath those thin cotton
panties.  'That ass with those thighs,' thought Linda, 'she's
going to break some hearts . . .'

   Emma threw on some jeans and went about her chores while Linda
went upstairs to take a nap.  She slipped out of her own, form
fitting jeans, and out of her blouse and bra.  She slipped on her
silk nightdress.  She may not have anyone to impress, but she
still liked to feel sexy when she could, and she briefly paused
to admire herself in front of the mirror.

   Linda was thin, yet shapely.  She had the body other women
only dreamed they had.  Linda was proud of her body and liked to
show it off by wearing tight jeans and low cut shirts.  Since
moving to the farm however, she had been more or less all alone
with Emma and was hungry for some male companionship.  She'd
always loved sex (well, who doesn't), and was upset that she
wasn't getting any while her body was still young and fit.

   She lay down for a little bit but wasn't able to fall asleep.
She was too horny to sleep.  She slipped a hand beneath the
sheets and began to rub her pussy through her thin silk panties.
Linda liked to keep herself trimmed nicely, so her cunt was
always bald save for a small short triangle which pointed right
at her clit.  Linda kept at it and soon enough she was beginning
to get quite wet.  She thought about Gary, one of the men she had
done business with that weekend who was so nice and so handsome.
She thought of his cock sliding into her as her fingers ran
through his beautiful auburn hair.  She thought about her sexy
outfit and how it made her feel good.  Even a vision of Emma's
ass gliding up the stairs popped into her mind though she could
not explain why.  Within a few minutes she bucked against her
hand and came, moaning quietly to herself as she continued to
fondle her breasts.  Soon she was drifting off to sleep, her
burning desire having been satisfied for the time being.

   It wasn't until that evening that Linda woke up and came down
stairs. Emma heard her foot steps on the stairs and quickly took
her hand out from between her legs.  Emma had discovered that her
mother being home had not made her unusual horniness go away. 
Emma looked up and saw her mother come down the last flight from
the landing.  With each downward step her breasts, free of the
confines of a bra, bounced and swung under the silky fabric of
her nightgown and Emma found herself curiously intrigued.  Not
having much cleavage herself yet, she wanted to touch them to see
what they were like.

 "Hi honey!" Emma shook off her thoughts about her mother's chest
and replied warmly.

 "Hi mom.  Did you have a good nap?"

 "Excellent.  I hate flying at night, I can never sleep on the
planes. Do you want some dinner?"

 "sure." Emma was quite hungry, having only had the bowl of
cereal in the morning.  She watched her mother move about the
kitchen in bare feet, preparing dinner.  The night dress clung to
her body in such a way as to only hint at curves, to imply a
sexuality that existed underneath the cloth -" it was driving
Emma crazy.  She needed to get off, her desire to do so was
becoming very intense, and now she was attuned to everything
sexual around her.  The jiggle of her mother's bussom as she
chopped some vegetables, the glimpse of flesh as her mother bent
over to put something down on the table.  Emma had never looked
at her mother this way, but it made sense, her mother was a
beautiful, sexy woman and Emma was horny, that didn't mean she
wanted her mother, rather that she was just reacting to her
sexuality.

 "Emma!  Emma!" Emma snapped out of her thoughts."Are you okay
sweetie, you look kind of flush."

 "Oh . . .  yeah . . .  I guess I'm just a little warm, I'll go
slip into something more comfortable."

 "Ok sweetie.  Dinner is almost ready so don't dally." Linda
caught herself watching her daughter go up the stairs again,
admiring her butt in the tight jeans that showed it off so
nicely.  She felt a tingle between her legs."I don't know what
has gotten in to me!" she said as she tried to forget about the
feeling.  She was just putting the finishing touches on dinner
when Emma came back downstairs, this time in an old, loose t
shirt and a loose knee length skirt that swished about as she
walked."Feel better?" Linda asked as she set two plates down on
the table.

 "Much" lied Emma, who was cooler now, but still as horny as
ever. They sat down opposite each other and began to eat.  Now
that she had rested, Linda was telling Emma every detail of her
trip and what she hopped it would mean for the future.  Emma
could barely concentrate on what her mother was saying, instead
she found it hard to take her eyes off of her mother's breasts. 
Since there was no bra, the silk clung to Linda's chest and
revealed so much that Emma could practically see every curve,
every inch of the large c-cups.

   Emma was finding that being aroused around her mother was
quite fun, as the closer she got to being found out the more
excited she became.  The chance of getting caught was so exciting
to her in fact, that she had started a new game.  She wasn't
wearing any panties, and had pulled her skirt up on her lap so
that she had easy access to her vagina under the table.  When her
mother turned her head for a second, Emma sneaked a stalk of
lightly buttered asparagus under the table.  Her mother turned
back and Emma had a great time shoving it as far as it would go
inside of her while her mother went on like nothing was going on.

   Emma had so much fun with the one piece of asparagus that she
found it hard to stop.  She left the vegetable inside of her
(with only the flowery top sticking out of her bald pussy) and
looked around on the table for something else to put inside her.
Spaghetti!  She carefully rolled some spaghetti around her fork
and waited for her mother to look away.  A fraction of a second
later, her mother was looking right at her as Emma tried not to
alter her facial expression as she worked with both hands to push
the wad of wet noodles inside her.  She finally got them in, and
used the asparagus to push them in further.

   Emma smiled broadly as she moved her leg for the first time
since shoving her pussy full of noodles.  They felt wonderful
squishing around inside her.  It wasn't long after that that the
meatballs had cooled and Emma had shoved one inside, enjoying how
it just barely fit inside of her. She was beginning to feel full,
but it felt so amazing and she was so horny that she couldn't
stop.  She also was becoming addicted to the feeling of tempting
fate, by sneaking all of this inside her while her mother was
none the wiser.  Emma managed to get two more spears of asparagus
inside her before dinner was over.

 "You certainly were hungry" Linda said as she picked up Emma's
empty plate and put it in the sink.  Emma did manage to eat quite
a bit, despite putting so much under the table."Oh, I know! 
Let's watch a movie.  I'll make popcorn if you go pick one out."
Emma smiled and nodded but didn't move."Emma?  You going to go
pick out a movie?"

 "Yeah" Emma said, biting her lip.  She still didn't move.  When
she had been stuffing food inside of her, she hadn't thought
about how she was going to get up and walk out . . .  and now her
mother wasn't giving her much of an option.

 "Well . . ."

 "okay." Emma said weakly and slowly stood up.  She concentrated
on holding her muscles tight, walking without spreading her legs
too far.  She started to waddle towards the stairs.

 "Is everything okay honey?"

 "Yeah, just having a bad cramp." lied Emma.  Just then she
raised her right foot and placed it on the first stair. 
Immediately food began to fall out of her skirt.  Emma glanced
over her shoulder to see if her mom had seen.  She saw her mother
staring right at her, her mouth agape as another spear of
asparagus slid out of Emma and landed on the floor.  Emma's heart
sank and she relaxed her muscles, letting all of the food she had
stuffed inside of her slip out.  A couple strands of spaghetti
stuck to her thigh, but everything else ended up on the floor in
front of the stairs.  The meatball would have stayed had it not
been for from the asparagus.  Just as Linda parted her lips to
say something,the meatball hit the floor with a wet squishing
noise.

 "Oh my." Said Linda.  Emma was petrified, she didn't know what
to do. She had never been so embarrassed in her entire life.

 "I'm . . .I'm sorry." Emma managed to say before hiding her face
in her hands and running upstairs.  Linda, not knowing what else
to do, walked over with a plate to clean up the food from the
floor.  In her mind, she watched the scene over and over, her own
daughter, walking upstairs while food poured out of her.  To her
own surprise she started to get a little aroused, and as she
walked back to the sink to dump the food down the disposal, she
shrugged her shoulders and popped the meat ball into her mouth to
see if she could taste her daughter. 
