The Storm
by jastes22 

Part 1: Locked Out 

Tris resorts to desperate measures to get out of a storm.

Rain crashed outside, the thick droplets of water like angry pellets smashing into the driveway. Just a typical midwestern summer rainstorm with the howling wind and thunder as the storm’s welcome cronies.

I stared from the window of my car to the front door just a few hundred feet away, though it might as well been a million miles. I would pull into the garage, but it was busted and wasn’t going to be fixed for the next couple of days. I had to get out of the car and run to the front door.

I just hated the feeling of rainwater dripping down my skin.

I looked up and down the driveway, trying to plot the shortest path. There was just a single car in the driveway—Carly's—but it was parked awkwardly on the driveway so I couldn’t pull in any closer than the curb.

I swallowed, threw open the door, and bolted outside. I cut through the yard, mud sloshing beneath my shoes. Rainwater crawled down my hair, back, and chest, completely drenching me in seconds.

I climbed up the partially covered front porch, breathing a sigh of relief, but still feeling really gross. I needed a hot shower right now. I pulled my wet hair off my neck and twisted the knob.

Locked. Why was it locked? We lived in a good neighborhood and Carly was home, I thought. The lights were on, even. I rang the doorbell several times, but there was no answer. Maybe she left with a friend and forgot to turn off the lights. I rolled my eyes, promising myself to kill her after this.

The porch didn’t provide much cover, and only from rain coming straight down, so my back and legs were still getting pelted with rainwater. I shuddered, wrapping my arms around myself. What was I supposed to do? I couldn’t just wait out here for Carly to get back.

Maybe the backdoor was open? We didn’t often lock it, but even if it was open, it would still mean going back into the downpour.

Unfortunately, I couldn’t think of any better options.

I stepped off the porch and ran as fast as I could down the side of the house to the backyard. The rain was coming down even harder, if possible, and the dark storm clouds made it nearly impossible to see where I was going, and the thick globs of mud splashed on my shins and legs as I ran.

Suddenly, I was on the ground. I groaned, my head throbbing angrily from my fall. Mud covered my body, seeping through my clothes and down my socks. I pushed myself up on my feet, but I didn’t bother to run, instead deciding to go slower to not fall and just accept that the storm had beaten me.

I climbed onto the back patio, which was uncovered, and reached for the doorknob. I hesitated though. I was filthy, and Mom had just had the house cleaned—she'd kill me if I tracked mud all over the floor.

Still, I needed to go inside now and shower, or else I was going to go crazy. It felt like there were bugs crawling down my shirt, and the mud all over me made me feel so gross.

An idea, a way that I could go inside without my dirty clothes getting everywhere. I pulled off my shoes and peeled off my sopping socks. I put them aside on the patio.

I hadn’t realized how cold it really was until I was barefoot. My feet were freezing.

I hurried to pull off my shirt, shuddering at the sensation of water dripping on my bra. Trembling from the cold, my fingers pulled on my jeans, tugging them to my knees. They caught on my shins, and I bent down to pull them off.

“Tris?”

I shrieked, nearly falling on the patio. Damien, Carly’s boyfriend, stood at the threshold of the door. He looked me up and down, surprisingly pleased with the fact that I was half-naked. “What are you doing?”

I blushed, wrapping my arms around my stomach. I suppressed a whimper as his eyes fell on my legs. Long and slender, they were my best attribute, but also the one I was most self-conscious about, ironically. The fact that I had absolutely nothing covering my legs made me feel so exposed.

“Where’s Carly?” I asked, trying to change the topic. The fact that Damien was inside, clothed and warmed, compared to my state of undress and in the rain, made me feel insignificant and powerless.

“She, John, and Mary had to grab something from the store. It’s a double date, and we’re making cookies,” he said. “Why are you taking off your clothes?” He wasn’t going to let me change the subject that easily.

“I fell in the mud. I didn’t want to go inside with dirty clothes, so I figured—”

“Might as well take everything off,” he said.

“What?”

He shrugged. “Well, your panties and bra are pretty muddy, too. You should probably take them off.”

I gawked at him. I wasn’t going to strip entirely naked in front of my sister’s boyfriend!

“Just get me a towel or something that I can wrap myself in!”

“Hmm...See, then you’d get the towel all wet. Best that you just take everything off now. Otherwise, I don’t think I can let you in.”

Crap. He had me trapped, and he knew it. I couldn’t sneak past him, and he wouldn’t let me in unless I showed everything. I desperately wanted to get out of the rain.

“I’ll tell Carly.”

“No, you won’t. Admit that you were streaking in the rain? You would never hear the end of it from her”

He was right. I couldn’t tell Carly, nor could I tell my parents. I sighed. I didn’t have a choice, did I?

I turned around and undid my bra. I let it fall off my shoulders and then deposited it on the ground with the rest of my clothes, making sure I didn’t turn much so Damien couldn’t see my tits.

“Good. Now your panties.”

I swallowed and hooked my fingers into my panties and pulled them down. The fact that they were soaked made them roll up and cling to my skin, which meant I had to bend over for longer, displaying everything to Damien. I just hoped it was dark enough that he couldn’t see much. The entirety of my crack became visible to his eyes. Even though he couldn’t see, I place a hand over my pussy, the sensation of rain hitting my bare crotch oddly stimulating. My legs were starting to feel weak.

“You know, I have to say, Tris, watching a girl strip is so much sexier in the rain.”

“Okay, you’ve had your fun. Go somewhere else so I can come inside.”

“I’m not going anywhere, Tris. Besides, I saw you out there from the upstairs window. You were so quick to start stripping, I think you wanted something like this to happen.”

“You were watching?”

“Sure. You’ve got a great bod. Anyways, turn around.”

“I’m not doing that!”

“Sure, you are. You’re going to turn around and wring the water from your hair. Can’t have your wet hair dripping everywhere, either.”

I kept my hand on my crotch and put my other over my tits. Slowly, I turned to face him. His eyes greedily drank me in, looking me up and down. I swallowed nervously and then reached up with both of my hands to grab my hair.

My whole body on display now, dripping wet with the rain, I twisted my hair, wringing out as much water as I could. I stood there for what felt like several minutes trying to get my hair dry, but it was impossible in the downpour. I realized that Damien knew it would be pointless and was enjoying the show of me with my hands on my head.

“Damien...”

He shook his head. “Hair is still wet. You can’t come in.”

“Come on! Let me in! I just want to take a shower!”

“Tell you what. I’ll let you come in if you let me pat you down with a towel.”

Crap. Just the thought of him touching me all over—even with a towel—made me want to cringe. But the repulsion I felt was not enough to overcome my desire to get inside as quickly as I possibly could. “Fine. But no skin contact!”

He chuckled. “Of course.” He stepped aside and I hurried in, not even trying to cover myself. I sighed in relief as the warm heated air of the house enveloped me. The change in setting, though, was enough for my brain to remind me that I was very, very naked. I blushed and wrapped my arms around myself again.

Damien looked me up and down again, not even trying to hide his leering. “Good. Just stand there while I grab a towel.”

I whimpered and watched him disappear around the hall up the stairs. I stood there, a little puddle of water gathering around me. What was taking him so long? I thought about running, but where could I go? I couldn’t go outside, and Damien would be able to corner me anywhere I went. Best to just go along and let him have his fun, and then I could take my shower.

He turned the corner and grinned at the sight of me waiting. “Sorry. It took me a minute to find the towels up in the bathroom. You ready?”

I wasn’t sure how he wanted me to respond to that.

“I’ll need you to put your hands down so I can get to everything.”

I groaned. Could he possibly make this any worse?

“Hey, no use in complaining to me.”

Trying to put my hands down felt like trying to shove a beach ball underwater, but eventually I got my hands down to my sides. I could feel my crotch getting warm, with just a slight dampness between my legs.

Instead of starting right away, he just stood there for a moment, admiring my naked body completely on display for his viewing pleasure. I squirmed, wishing he would just start. I hoped he couldn’t see the wetness that I was feeling in between my legs. The fact that he was my sister’s boyfriend made this whole experience seem even more forbidden, which only served to heighten the excitement fluttering in my chest. He started to step towards me, and suddenly it was hard to breathe.

True to his word, he didn’t touch me with his hands, but he made sure to give my chest a good pat down with the towel, and then ran down my stomach, arms, and legs. He made sure to get very close to my crotch as he knelt down to reach my feet, getting eye-level with my pussy and pausing for a moment before moving on. He put his hand in between my legs, his fingers just grazing the insides of my leg as he reached for the towel on the other side. He pulled up with the towel, effectively giving me a wedgie. I moaned softly at the pressure he placed on my crotch.

“O-okay. T-that’s enough. I’m dry now.”

“Not quite. You still got some water in your mound there. Let me just...” Without warning, he stuck a finger in my pussy, making a scooping motion to capture the “wetness” inside. I moaned and nearly collapsed on top of him, putting my hands on his back to steady myself. The pleasure in my crotch was so great I couldn’t even form words to berate him for violating the “no skin contact" rule.

He pulled out and stood up, grabbing my hands to keep me from falling. He grinned, looking me up and down. “Good. You were great, Tris. All dry now.” He leaned in and gave me a kiss on the cheek, which made me shudder. Somehow, that brief moment of tenderness felt more stimulating than anything else that had just happened.

“I’ll grab your clothes from outside and put them in the washer/dryer. You go ahead and shower.”

Damien walked me to the front of the stairs, and I stumbled/crawled up, hardly trying to cover myself and knowing that he was getting a full view of my butt.

I twisted the doorknob to the bathroom.

Locked.

Panic. Damien had locked the door to leave me stranded and naked out in the hallway! I turned to my room next to the bathroom. At least I could put on some dry clothes.

Locked again. I groaned, realizing my torment hadn’t quite finished.

Coming out of the laundry room, he looked me up and down again and grinned. “Sorry, Tris. I’ve got a key around here somewhere, but I’m not sure where it is. Looks like you’ll just have to stay like that for the rest of the night.” A pause. Outside a front window we could the lights of a car pulling up onto the curb. “Look! Carly’s back! I’m sure she and the other have some ideas of some games we can play for the rest of the night. It is only 8:00. We’ve got the whole night ahead of us.”


The Storm: Part 2 - Fun and Games

Tris' sister and her friends join in on Tris' embarrassment.

"Give me the keys!" I hissed.

Damien shrugged. "I don't know where they are. Besides, it looks like you're enjoying this."

I was too angry at this point to blush, knowing that he was referring to the wetness between my legs. To make matters worse I could feel myself growing weak in the legs, too, a feeling that horrified me. No way I was enjoying this. I couldn't possibly admit that. "They're going to see me naked! My baby sister and her friends are going to see me naked!"

There was a knock at the door. I squeaked and pushed past Damien, my crotch rubbing against his legs. It was just a moment, but the proximity of my naked crotch against his clothed body made my breath hitch. I hobbled downstairs, trying not to fall, and onto the main floor. On either side of the door was a small window where people from the outside could look in.

I could see Carly looking in, probably looking for Damien. With the rain, it was still dark, but I could see two others, Sally and John, hurrying behind to her to get to shelter.

My eyes locked with hers, and they widened at the sight of me, naked, fleeing the scene.

I groaned and ran towards the basement door, not even caring that the entirety of my backside was exposed to my sister's eyes. I flew the door open and fled down the stairs. I pushed past the ping-pong table and jumped on the couch, pulling in as many pillows as I could to cover me.

My only hope was that Carly believed she had just imagined me and that Damien would leave me alone until at least Sally and John were gone. Or maybe Carly would get angry at the thought of me being naked with her boyfriend that she would fixate her attention on Damien.

I could hear them talking. A pause. Laughter. Then the pattering of feet going down the stairs.

I groaned as the four of them turned the corner and surrounded me. “Wow, I didn’t actually believe you,” John said.

I blushed deeply. John and Sally were my sister’s age, and I didn’t know them well, but the fact that they were psuedo-strangers made my nudity even worse. The pillows covered me somewhat, but the slightest shift could make everything fall.

Carly giggled. “What are you doing naked, Trissie?”

I glared at her. It was easier to be angry than completely humiliated and embarrassed. “Ask your boyfriend.”

“Oh, he already told me how you were practically begging him to throw off all your clothes. If I had known all it took was a little storm to get you out of your clothes, I would’ve pushed you outside in a storm ages ago.”

I didn’t say anything, deciding it was best not to give them more ammo to embarass me.

“Well, I told Tris she could play some games with us,” Damien said. “What do you want to play, Tris?”

“I don’t…want to…play,” I said.

“Sure you do!” Sally said. She grabbed a pillow near my chest and threw it aside. I shrieked and threw my hands over my chest. The others started to grab at my other pillows, and with my hands occupied with giving me a shred of modesty, I couldn’t do anything to stop them from taking every pillow until I sat there, curled up in a naked ball, my hands over my privates.

“Let’s play ping-pong!” Carly said. “First to eleven. Everyone will play Tris once. For every game she loses, she has to do ten jumping jacks.”
I groaned as they pulled me off the couch and tore my hands away from my body. A paddle was placed in my hand. John took his place across from me while the others sat on the couch behind me.

John was obviously distracted by my swaying tits, but I didn’t fare much better, knowing that three sets of eyes were burning holes in my butt and back. As we played, I tried to keep my hands near my body, but it made it much more difficult to play well, and I lost quickly to him.

Sally took his place. Reluctantly, I allowed myself to use my arms more, at the sacrifice of cover. Sally wasn’t as good of a player as John, but her giggles every time I reached over the table or missed a point were infuriating, and it was hard to focus. She clapped her hands as she scored the winning point.

Carly was next. She blatantly looked me up and down, grinning at my grimaces. Every movement of mine felt so foreign and stimulating. I was playing a sport, a sport done with clothes, very, very naked. So much for my hope that her anger with Damien would be stronger than her desire to embarrass me. Despair was building up in me, and I could hardly stop her onslaught.

30 jumping jacks.

Finally, it was Damien’s turn. Oh, I wanted to bang my paddle against his head so much. I focused on my anger, and pulled through. 10-10. I just needed one more point. 30 humping jacks or not, beating Damien would be the greatest victory.

He hit the ball perfectly to me. I was prepared to hit it just as the perfect angle so he wouldn’t be able to stop it, and I’d win.

I felt a sharp pinch in my butt cheek. I yelped, and my paddle missed the ball completely.

“Hey!” I shouted. I turned around just as Carly pulled away her hand. “Sorry. Just couldn’t resist. You have the perfect tush, sis.” She reached around and patted my butt. “So, I believe that’s forty jumping jacks.”

“Actually, Carly, since she lost every single game, I think we should tack on ten more. Make it an even fifty,” Damien said.

“Sounds good to me,” Carly said.

I groaned. “Come on…”

“No use in complaining, sis.”

A strange feeling of submission overcame me as my feet guided me to the center of the room. I started to jump, whimpering at how much my tits moved with each jump. Even worse, I could feel my legs spreading and my pussy opening up just so slightly with each jump.

I counted under my breath, but soon the others joined in on the count, their voices getting louder with each number.

“Look at her nipples!” Sally said. “They’re hard!”

I held in a sob. Sally was right—my tits were undeniably erect, and the wetness in my legs was growing, and I knew they could see it. I hit twenty-five, and I had to stop for fear of my legs giving out.

“Go on, Tris,” Carly said, knowing exactly what was happening. “You still got halfway to go. In fact, why don’t you turn around so we can get a better look at that tush of yours?

I groaned at the idea of my sister dictating my humiliation, but I was grateful to be able to hide my erect tits and wet pussy. I turned and continued to jump. I could hear them laughing and giggling about how much my butt jiggled with each jump, and I was grateful my red face was hidden.

I was completely dry from the storm, but now my body started to sweat, a sensation even more stimulating when experienced naked.

As I finished, I didn’t even ask for permission to curl up into a ball on the floor.

“There,” Carly said. “That wasn’t too hard, was it?” She turned to the others. “What game should we play next?”


The Storm: Part 3 - Twisted Limbs

The next game focuses on Tris' limbs.

“I’m kind of in the mood for Jenga,” John said. “Tris could play with us.”

I opened my mouth to argue, to put my first down. No way was I going to let them humiliate me any further.

But I couldn’t open my mouth. Four people were in complete agreement of their torment of me, and I couldn’t really do anything about it. I was their perfect little puppet. A very naked puppet, though that didn’t count for much. The submissive part of me was growing, binding me stronger than any kind of rope Carly or Damien could find.

And, if I were to be honest, Jenga would be a lot less embarrassing playing naked than Ping-Pong. I wouldn’t have to move all that much. The fact that I would think “naked Jenga” as being significantly better than “naked ping-pong” was startling to me. How had this happened?

“Me and Sally will grab the game,” Carly said. “Tris, why don’t you bring the boys upstairs?”

I whimpered, but said nothing. The boys parted to let me start up the stairs, giving them another perfect view of my crack. I’m sure the angle of them looking up and seeing more of between my legsmade it even more exciting.

I hesitated on the steps, taking a moment to stop and steady my weak legs.

Damien gave me a nice, hard slap on the cheek on my butt. I squealed, nearly falling forwards. John responded in kind, focusing on the other cheek. A shock of pleasure ran down my legs, and I had to make a conscious effort not to collapse. Holy crap, did I enjoy that?

The boys, unaware of my inner thoughts, chased me up the stairs, giving my cheeks a thrashing. I couldn’t tell if I was hesitating just so slightly so the boys could get a few more spanks in.

I stumbled onto the main floor, the pain in my butt stinging. I could still hear the sound of rain from the storm outside. Stupid storm. If I hadn’t been locked outside in it, none of this would have happened.

“You know what I don’t get?” Damien said. I bit back a retort. “What?”

“Your whole plan was to strip naked outside and then run to the shower. Carly’s car was still here. Why did you think nobody would be inside?”

I paused, a knot forming in my stomach. Truly, I hadn’t thought about it. Maybe I figured since the door was locked no one was home, but maybe…I wanted to get caught?

No, that couldn’t possibly be true.

Damien shrugged at my silence while Sally and Carly came up the stairs. They weren’t holding Jenga.

They were holding Twister.

I groaned, putting up a finger. “No way! I am not playing that game!”

Damien spanked my butt again, hard. I squealed, jumping nearly a foot off the ground and stumbling forward. Carly caught, holding my wrist tightly. “Yes, you are.”

The plastic mat was spread out on the living room floor. Sally, John, and Damien took their spots near me while Carly sat on the couch with the spinner. Even more knots started to form in my stomach.

“Right hand on blue.”

I bent over, knowing my crack was completely exposed to my sister. The others put their hands near mine, their bodies pressing up against me.

“Left hand on blue.”

The spots next to my right hand were taken, so I had to cross my right hand over my left. The greater instability from the awkward position made me stick out my butt even more, and I winced at the feeling of my crack opening slightly.

“Left leg on red.” I had a suspicion of what Carly was doing. I thought about calling her out on it, but kept silent. Red was right next to blue, so it meant I had to bend over almost completely to reach it. I was bblused as the back of my legs stretched out completely.

“Right leg on red” I groaned. Every spot was taken except for one all across the mat. I bent all the way over and spread my legs underneath the mass of bodies. I heard Sally giggle as my leg brushed hers. My tits passed her hand, and with my body blocking the view of everyone else, she reached up and pinched my nipple. I squeaked and raised my hand to swat her away. I yelped as I fell to the ground, knocking over the others.

“Well, Tris lost that one. Let’s play another round.”

“Wait,” Damien said. “I think Tris should have to pay for her loss. How about five spanks from each of us?”

“What? No!” I jumped up and started to run. I didn’t make it far before John caught me and hauled me over to the couch. He sat on me on my midsection backwards so his hands had full access to my butt.

Instead of starting right away, he dragged his fingers across the skin of my cheeks, chuckling at my moans. My moans only increased as he started to knead them, squeezing and pulling with his fingers. After what felt like several minutes, he finally gave me five hard and direct spanks in rapid succession.

He crawled off, letting Sally take his place. She gave me roughly the same treatment, except she spread my buttcheeks and just held them there for a moment. I groaned at the sensation. She staggered her spanks so I couldn’t anticipate them, which made my torment even worse. My legs flailed with each spank.

Carly’s turn. After taking her sweet time exploring my butt, she gave it five swats much like John’s—fast and hard. When she didn’t get off right away, I tensed, wondering what she was up to.

Her finger entered my crack. I shrieked, moaning and groaning at the intrusion. My sister was fingering me! Finally, she pulled out.

Damien was last. His slaps were staggered like Sally’s. His hands ran down my back and wrapped around my shoulders, fondling my breasts and tweaking my nipples. I groaned, digging my face into the couch. Somehow, Damien knew how to slap me in just the right place to send jolts of pleasure through my body. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter. I bit my lip, only my sheer will stopping me from orgasming in front of everyone.

Finally, he got off, and flipped onto my back, wincing at the soreness of my rear.

“Okay, next round!” Carly said.”Right leg on yellow.” I put my foot down, close to the edge.

“Left leg on yellow.” I quickly grabbed the spot two from me, trying to keep my body parts as close to me as possible.

“Right hand on blue.”

I groaned. The only spot open was right behind me. I had to bend backwards to reach it.

“Left hand on blue.”

Bent over completely now, my pelvis and pussy jutted out, and my legs were spread out just enough that everything was visible. I heard someone stumble. Sally, I thought.

Sally stepped into view, looking down at my crotch from her elevated position. I winced at my complete exposure. She reached down and patted my crotch.

I groaned and fell to the ground. I knocked over the two boys, too, ending the game.

Just the slightest touch of my crotch was enough to send my body into overdrive. I curled up on the ground as I started to squirt all over the carpet, cum dripping from my pussy. I groaned and sniffled. This night could not get any worse.

A pause while everyone looked down at me, taking everything in. “Well, you lost again, Tris," Carly said. "You know what that means."

“Please…I’ll do anything. Just don’t spank me. Please…”

“Anything?” Carly said, absolute glee in her voice. She had completely torn down her sister. “What do you suggest? If we don’t like it, we’ll just go on with your spanking.”

I groaned. That wasn’t fair. Making me choose my own punishment would just humiliate me further. “You can…you can tie me up.”

“For how long?”

“I don’t know. The rest of the night.”

I couldn’t see her face, but I’m sure Carly was grinning. “Deal. Damien, grab some rope from the garage, will you?”

I sniffled. What had I done? How had this happened?

Hands started to grab me, pulling my limbs behind my back and tying them in a hogtie position. They took the rope and wrapped above and beneath my breasts, making my tits poke out. Carly laid me on my side so my tits were exposed towards them.

Carly looked down at me, triumphant. She grabbed something from the counter, I heard the squelch of tape coming free

“Wait,” I said. “That wasn’t—” I was silenced by the feeling of duct tape on my mouth, muffling. She gave my boobs a squeeze and looked at her friends. “That was fun. Let’s finish those cookies.”

They moved out of my vision. Unable to speak, move, or sleep, I drifted off into a restless sleep, with the sound of the relentless storm echoing in my ears.


