Jenny at the Boys College
by steven1169©

My wife Jenny was a slim, attractive, 30 year old Mother of our three children. She worked in an office at the local authority where she was a sucessful and well regarded manager. Her outward persona was that of a quiet, reserved, prim and proper MILF!!

However, she had a little secret. She also worked part time as a life model at a variety of schools and colleges. This second job was not to create a second career or even earn extra cash as we didn't need it. It was simply to satisfy my desire to show her to others completely nude!

I have previously written about some of her exploits whilst working as an at class nude model but this is the latest story and it happened just before Christmas.

Jenny had come to terms with the fact that I enjoyed her modeling and I think that although she was often nervous and scared before the event, she actually enjoyed it afterwards.

The work was not regular, perhaps twice per month but it gave us a little buzz.

I would ring around suitable art schools and colleges and make sure that they had her name on their book of models and eventually a call would come out of the blue to say that they were looking for a model.

Before Christmas she got a call from a boys school asking for her availability and she arranged to pop in during the day to meet the tutor.

She told me the details of the call and my excitement was raised by the thought of her posing naked for 6th form boys. The tutor was called David and she said that he had sounded young on the phone.

The next day, during her lunch-break she drove away from town and she popped into the school as arranged. She was dressed in her very smart, business like work suit. 

The receptionist called for David and he came down to meet her. 

David was about 25 years old, attractive and most importantly a man who was going to interview my wife about posing nude for him!!

He said, "Hi Jenny, thanks for popping in. Its always best to meet first in person. Would you like a coffee?"

She said, "yes, that would be nice. Sorry about being so formally dressed but its my lunch hour."

It was obvious that he was impressed with what he saw and he led her to his office.

They spoke briefly about the job, pay and she completed the relevant forms.

At one point she leant forward over his desk to sign a form and she caught him peeking down her blouse. 

She looked up and he blushed! He was a big, strong rugby playing type of guy so she was surprised to see his reaction but she enjoyed it all the same.

Especially since he was going to see her nude in the next few days!

Her showed her to the art class studio and then back to reception. They discussed availability and she was due to work her first class the following week.

She said, "thanks for showing me around David. I'm looking forward to it."

"Me too!" said David and he blushed again. She was starting to get quite fond of this young man.

"Actually, I'm a bit nervous'" she said. "I've only done this once before and that was some time ago for a friend. What if the class see me and giggle or something?"

'I'm sure that they will be fine. You are beautiful and I have no doubt that they will enjoy working with you!" 

"Will it be completely nude?" She said.

"Yes" he replied. "I'm sure you will look great!"

They arranged to speak again to confirm the appointment closer to the day and she left the school. Her only disappointment was that she had not got to meet any of the class themselves. She would like to have seen their faces when she met them and that they discovered that she was going to pose for them.

Later that night she told me all the details of the conversation and I could see the look of excitement mixed with fear and humiliation in her eyes.

I was turned on by her description of David and the class setting at a boys school.

The class was due to be held the following Monday evening and David rang her to confirm details on the Saturday morning. On the Sunday evening I asked her to shave her pussy after her shower and to come and show me how she looked afterwards.

About 15 minutes later she came downstairs wearing the bath robe which she would be wearing the next day at the school. She stood in the middle of the lounge and acting very shy, she slowly opened the robe and let it fall to the floor exposing her shaven, nude body.

I enjoyed this (Un)dress rehearsal! It was good to see her how the class would see her. I got her to wear a pair of heels and this made her look soooo sexy but she wasn't sure about wearing heels and nothing else in a class setting. Eventually she agreed that she would arrive in her heels and then tell David that she had forgotten her slippers!

The next evening she went to the school and arrived in good time to meet David.

"Hi. No second thoughts then? He said.

"No, I'm here but I'm as nervous as hell" She replied.

He led her to a small changing room and she immediately engaged him in conversation and started to undress. This was a ploy that she had used previously which we had planned together to ensure that he watched her undress!

"How many are in the class this evening?" She asked him.

"About twenty. Most are students from our sixth form but we also have five or six adult education students" he replied.

She asked him about the room and heating and other pointless questions just to keep him in the room!

"I hope I can do it" she said whilst at the same time she slowly took off her jeans and 't' shirt. She saw that he was watching her and was blushing. He looked more nervous than she was. His breathing was heavy and his eyes were wide open staring at Jenny as she stood in font of him in her conservative, white, bra and pants. About 5 seconds passed with no conversation. He was clearly not going to leave the room now!

She acted shy and demure and eventually she said, "well, here goes, in for a penny, in for a pound!"

She slowly unhooked her bra and let it tumble off in front of her exposing to his gaze her small 32b tits. She also leant down and slowly slid down her pants.

He simply stared at her shaven and exposed pussy lips.

She stood in front of him and remembered him trying to peep down her shirt the previous week. She wondered what he was thinking now.

She sat down to put on her heels and said, 'I've forgotten to bring my slippers so I'll have to wear these" and she stood in front of him to face him again.

The poor man was beetroot! He was clearly excited by this slow private striptease!

She put on her robe and followed him into the class. She saw that it was made up of about a dozen or so 18 year old boys from the school 6th form and handful of male and female adults from the evening classes.

David introduced Jenny and she quickly dropped her gown and began to pose.

Her first pose was standing in the centre of he room facing the group with her legs slightly apart. The whole group could see her shaven sex and David in particular spent a considerable amount of time assisting the students who were seated directly in front her.

The class passed without incident and she came home that night as usual and went over the undressing and poses with me.

She would tell me every detail of the evening from start to finish.

The reinactment of those poses and the fact that these people had all seen my wife naked was a huge turn on.

After a few weeks of posing at the school it was the last class before the Christmas break and they were planning on finishing early and having a small drink and bite to eat together in the classroom.

She told me that she had asked if she could bring her husband and David had agreed.

It was going to be something new to attend the class myself and I was looking forward to it all week. We planned the evening and decided that Jenny would be clean shaven as usual but would try and give the boys and me an early Christmas resent by stripping for them too!

She was not happy and did not want to do it but I pressed and pressed for it and eventually she agreed.

The evening finally arrived and she by the time I got home from work she was showered, shaved and wearing her best work suit.

The plan was to say that she had been late home from work and had not had time to change.

She was wearing a nice pair of heels and had nice make up. She was never stunning but she was naturally good looking and had short brown hair.

We decided to get there early and Jenny dropped me off at the door whilst she parked the car. This had been planned with military precision to make it the horniest night ever!

It was still only about 6.30 and the class did not start til 7pm but she knew that several of the boys stayed after their normal classes ended and just hung around the studio until the art class started at 7pm with the adult students because they were not permitted a nude model during the daytime at school.

I walked into the studio and saw about four lads sitting on tables around the room. They were all chatting and laughing although this all stopped as I walked in.

I approached hem and sad, '"is this David's life drawing class?"

One lad nodded yes and they carried on talking. I interrupted and said, "who is he model tonight?"

One lad looked over at me and said, "Jenny, the MLF" and they all laughed. They obviously thought that I was new to the class and not the husband of the model!

The boys were all about 18 years of age, two were white, one was black and one was Asian. They were just normal lads having a laugh with their mates.

I stuttered, "Is she the slim model with the ......mmmmmm how do I say..."

"the shaved pussy!" said one of the lads! They all laughed and I said, "yes ... the shaved pussy!"

"And tiny tits" said the black lad. It was surreal that they were talking about my middle class, conservative wife like this.

I laughed along with them and then she suddenly walked into the room looking a million dollars with her make up, business suit and heels. The room went quiet.

"Hi boys!" she said, "the changing room is still locked so I will have to change here if that's OK. I hope you don't mind....You can always leave if you are shy!"

They all laughed and remained where they were seated. She acted very nonchalantly and casually said, " you are all going to see me in the nude in a short time anyway so I suppose it won't do any harm to undress here".

"Is everyone ok with that?" They all nodded and awaited the showing that was about to happen in front of their eyes. The business suit and heels added to the spectacle.

She walked over and stood in front of them carrying her bag containing her robe which she put on the table and started to unbutton her jacket.

The four lads were all quietly staring at her and whereas she normally made conversation as she undressed, this time it was all quiet as she slowly took off her jacket. She carefully folded it and undid the buttons on her blouse. This came off leaving here standing in a small white bra and her work skirt. She reached around and undid the zip of the skirt as five sets of eyes were glued to her, mouths open and all eagerly awaiting the next few minutes.

She let the skirt drop to her ankles and stood up showing off her hold ups, small white pants and small bra. She was still wearing the heels to accentuate her slim legs.

She looked at us as if she wasn't sure which item to remove next. I could see from her eyes that she was as nervous as hell but was excited by this strip.

She reached behind and undid her bra, Her little tiny its came into view as she let it drop off to the front. Straight away she slipped her fingers into the waistband of her panties and slipped them down her legs.

She stood up in front of four boys and me wearing only hold ups and heels. All eyes were on her shaven sex and tiny tits.

She was completely humiliated and on show but I knew that she was loving every second of it. 

She took off her hold ups and shoes and started to walk between us chatting to he boys about their day and other mundane things.

They were watching her closely when she said, "I normally do a few warm up exercises to stretch in my room before I come into class so I hope you don't mind?"

Again, this had been part of the plan and it was working out to perfection as she faced away from us, parted her legs slightly and stretched by touching her toes and allowing us to see her ass hole and pussy lips from behind.

The boys were only about 6 feet from her and could clearly see her tight ass hole stretched out in front of them. 

She then stood up and faced the boys."What are you lot staring at? You're going to spend all evening looking at me nude... so chill out will you!"

The boys starting laughing and it broke the ice. She appeared to be confident and in control but I knew that she was embarrassed and humiliated by this exposure to a group of boys.

"Its been a long day at the office so I need to stretch" she said as she raised her arms above her head and stood on tip toes stretching upwards with her feet about 12 inches apart. The lads had a clear view of her pussy lips and I watched each of them staring at her.

She then went over to the table, picked up her clothes and put on her robe. "see you in a few minutes" she said as she walked down the corridor to the changing room before the tutor arrived.

I remained in the studio with the boys and listened as they discussed her show. "Wow, does she always do that?" I asked.

"Never before" said one boy "but, I'm sure as hell gonna get here early again next week!"

They were talking amongst themselves and I took the opportunity to drive home and wank myself stupid awaiting her arrival home from the class so she could tell me the story from her perspective.

Part 2 to follow. 


