
Losing my bottoms 
 
Idea with this was while wearing some string bottoms, they'd fall off and leaving me bottomless.

Went to the beach obviously for a dare like this. I had on a cute white and pink string bikini. We hadn't even planned on any type of swimming for it, so really just for the quick dare.

The warm weather we finally got here was so nice too. I was happy to put on my bikini. Throwing on a quick shirt, my Gf and I got in the car to head to the beach. We double checked our plan. Nothing too fancy. I'd simply go get us some ice cream as she sat around on some benches watching the beach. Before hand though we'd have the bottoms of my swimsuit tampered with. The right string was going to be real loose. I'd get the ice cream, and as discretely as I could, I'd try and tug the string loose on the bottoms with an ice cream cone. Hopefully this would make them fall. If not though, I'd just go back to my Gf, and she'd undo it for me if it hadn't already.

We arrived and we began the set up. At the car she loosened the string and we made the meeting spot. I was getting a little nervous as I always do, but I also was craving the moment. The place wasn't too crowded, not being too big of a beach. There were though others taking advantage of this fine day, most likely no one else were planning to use it the way I was =P

I went to get the two cones. That part was nothing special. However a little nerve wracking since I could feel my suit being loose. I was afraid it was going to fall prematurely. I however got the cones and walked away from the stand. I stopped to think how I would do this, while taking a few licks of my cone. I figured I could just pretend to put the cone at my side to try and hold it up.

I carefully lowered one cone to the loose side, and tried to stick the cone in the remaining loop. I looked around nervously, to see if anyone noticed anything. I thought I saw some glances, but it was fine. I then tugged the loop and the string came undone like planned. I now had the side of my panties separated, hanging off of just one of my legs.

The front and back flaps were hanging to the side now. My bush and butt crack had become viewable. I was still holding the ice cream, so no good way to cover. I bent down making a quiet squeal. The bottoms though only slipped down my thigh more, leaving me really no cover. I looked around, red in the face. I was now the center of multiple people's attention. I could also see my Gf looking over towards me, she could probably tell that I had begun.

The only plan I had at this point was to get to her so I could get dressed again. I wasn't about to drop the cones. I however did try to see if I could make myself decent. I reached down for the bottoms and tried to tug them up. I could probably get them up, but not the precision to cover anything, at least I assumed. Even though I was embarrassed, I wasn't about to start trying to cover up so soon.

I began to try and waddle toward my Gf. I had given up on the bottoms, which were now falling down past my knee. I heard some people laughing at this point, so I tried to move a little faster. The bottoms were down at my ankle, and I did my best to keep it on my foot. I had one cone in hand in front of me, one behind me. The cover wasn't perfect, but it did hide some stuff. So I guess not much was showing, but it was obviously of what state I was in. My Gf got up when I was getting close and came over to me to help. I just asked her for help in a panicked voice.

She though had the right idea for fun. She didn't simply take the cones from me, but instead went down to the bottoms and started to try and put them on. She did it fairly well, and got it all tied up. I'm sure she got a real close up view of course =P. After that we made our way back to the car. We enjoyed our ice cream and left. Can't say this one was too new or different, but it was a lot of fun as usual.
