Katie was a sixth year when the first whispers of war began. It was easy enough to ignore it. She had Quidditch, Hogsmeade and visiting with Marcus when he could arrange for portkeys or for enough time off from his father's shop to apparate to her in Hogsmeade. They didn't talk about the war, even if it was painfully obvious they were going to have to. Katie tried not to think about the fact that he didn't completely undress to make love to her anymore, even if he was more than willing to strip her to her skin and lick every inch available. Katie tried to make him buckle down at hols and tell her what was going on, but he refused. He simply bent her over the table in the room they were meeting in and took her from behind. She had to keep her fist in her mouth to muffle the noise and prevent the other patrons from leering at her when they heard her through the thin walls.

"Marcus, what are you hiding from me?" she would ask, concerned. He would brush her aside and talk to her of his father's shop, his mother's three German Shepherds and having to deal with surly customers. She mentioned her sisters, so much older than her and settled into their married lives. She mentioned her parents, dear to her as anything, wondering why she stayed away so often. "Come with me," she whispered, fearful. "We can leave. We can go away somewhere and you don't have to worry about the war."

"I'm not worried," he told her, sounding confident. "We'll win it."

"What we?" she asked, voice trembling. Are you a Death Eater?

He never answered that question.

It was October of her seventh year when it grew obviously worse. Leanne and Katie were set to go to Hogsmeade, and Leanne was tired of Katie sneaking off for an hour or two at a time every weekend. "Where do you go? Why won't you tell me? I'm your best friend!" Leanne had cried in the Leaky Cauldron. "I thought you shared all of your secrets with me!"

All but one, and that one was too important to her to share.

Katie tried to smile at Leanne, tried to make it seem effortless. But her stomach curled with cold fear. Would Leanne understand her if she explained about Marcus? He made her toes curl at the very thought of his crooked smile and soft voice. He could look down his nose at her and cuss up a storm, then make her laugh in the next instant. He could lay her down and kiss her until she came from that alone.

She loved him, Merlin help her. She hoped he felt the same way, that it wasn't simply obsession and possession. They'd never said the words, weren't that kind of couple. They snuck around and had mind blowing sex. She asked about his possible involvement in the war and he avoided the topic completely. She tried telling him about the possibility of making Puddlemere United's reserve team and he quoted broom sale statistics at her.

Katie didn't remember being hit with spells in the Three Broomsticks. She vaguely remembered searing pain and screaming in her head that didn't quite make it to her lips. She remembered being thrown about like a rag doll, hitting the ground and feeling her ribs break apart. She remembered the screaming that was Leanne, the screams trapped inside her head that were merely a dim echo of her thudding heart. She didn't think of anything but the fact that she might not ever see Marcus again. How horrible would that be? Dead by strange package she didn't remember receiving, and she'd never see Marcus again.

He visited her at St. Mungo's. He didn't come with bouquets of flowers, or send any. That was more Oliver and the twins' style. Angelina, Alicia and Leanne had visited her, once each, and faded from view. The hospital was gloomy and tired, and she was in the spell damage ward. Most were worse off, and it was horrible to make any decent teenager endure it.

Katie remembered waking up in the middle of the night to see Marcus standing at the foot of her bed. He held the footboard with a white knuckled grip, face ashen.

"Marcus?" she croaked, still sleepy. "I didn't think you'd come."

"Katie," he had grunted, face shuttered. It looked like a death mask more than his face. "You look like shite."

"I've had worse on the pitch. I'll survive." Katie could have sworn she saw Marcus flinch, his jaw clenching. "What?"

"I'm going to find whoever did this and kill them slowly."

She reached out for him, worried. "Don't," she whispered as he clasped her hand. "I don't want you getting into trouble."

"Too late," he whispered, sitting down beside her on the bed.

Marcus didn't stop her from pushing his shirtsleeves back, exposing the Dark Mark on his arm. "Oh, Marcus," she whispered, eyes flicking up to his face. She was disappointed and angry and defeated all at once. How could this have happened?

He was silent, watching her face. He watched her trace the Mark with her fingertip, as if scared it would come alive and bite her. He watched as she looked up, silent wonder and terror etched all over her face.

"What does this mean for us?" she asked, voice cracking.

"What do you want it to mean?" he asked instead, face still that imperturbable mask. She hadn't realized he was even capable of such a thing, but it had been two years since he had left Hogwarts. Katie rather doubted that he had told her everything he had done, even if she had told him everything.

Katie hit him weakly on the chest. "Fuck you, Flint, I'm not breaking this off because you've been even more stupid than usual." She started crying as soon as he circled her with his arms. "What are we going to do?" she wailed.

He kissed the top of her head tenderly, stroking her hair. "You'll be out of school in a few months," he began slowly.

"Wood said he'd get me a chance to fly for Puddlemere, see if I'd qualify for the reserve team." Katie looked up at him, at that mask that had slid over his face. She touched his lips slowly, tracing the edges of them. 
"I don't have to."

"I promised you that you were mine," he said, voice rough. It was the only indication of emotion. "You might not like it."

"Like what?"

"Like how I keep you safe," he said, jaw set.

Katie's heart sank. "How long, then? Since school?"

"Just about."

"Marcus..."

He shook her shoulders briefly. "You know nothing about what it's like, nothing." There was a pain in his eyes that he would never voice, a desperation in his tone that he would never explain. Family was important to him. Blood was important.

She bit her lip nervously. "Then tell me," she said softly. "Make me understand."

"I have to," he said simply. "There's no refusing that kind of request." There was an odd twist to his lips on the last word, as if it had been less of a request and more of a demand.

"Did You Know Who ask you?" Katie asked, eyes wide with horror. Her fingers dug into his forearm almost painfully.

"He asks a lot from all of us, things he thinks we can't bear." Marcus had to go on Muggle torture hunts, Malfoy had to get Death Eaters into Hogwarts and kill Dumbledore, and so on. They all had to do something in service to Voldemort, and they all would be killed as a consequence of failure. Or those they loved most.

Katie tucked her face against his neck, finding it difficult to breathe. "Oh, Marcus..."

"Play Quidditch," he whispered against her hair. "Get the hell out, go as far away as you can."

"I can't leave you," she whispered back, voice breaking to pieces. "I can't."

"Then we're doomed."

Katie returned to classes in April, and all of her teachers bent over backward to help her catch up in time for graduation. She tried not to think of a tall, hulking figure with dark hair, dark eyes and a beaklike nose staring down at her. She tried not to wonder what he was doing while she was studying, while she was pretending school even mattered anymore. She tried not to hope that he would be there at the last game of the year, somehow making his way into the stands or skulking about outside the locker rooms. Still, it was hard not to look for him, for that shaggy mop of black hair and glowering expression.

He was there at Dumbledore's funeral, standing at the edge of the field used for the event. Katie wanted to rush forward, damn them all at the funeral, but held her ground. Their eyes locked, and she slipped away as soon as she could. "Marcus?" she asked, proud that her voice didn't warble or give away her heart beating in triple time.

His face was stony, but his mouth crashed down onto hers with all the ferocity it used to. She wound her arms around him as his tongue slid into her mouth, and she felt his hands slide beneath her robes and up her uniform shirt. He'd changed so much since he last saw her in the hospital, and she had been afraid that he was dead. She clung to him even after the kiss was done, and she could feel his pulse against her lips. "I thought I'd never see you again," she whispered against his neck. "I was afraid you'd died and I'd never know."

"You still doing Quidditch?"

"Puddlemere's tryouts are next month," she replied, not questioning the change in subject.

"If you got in, d'you think they'd mind owls coming to you?"

"I don't see why they would. Marcus, what are you on about?"

"I got one. A new one no one else knows about," he told her intently, pulling back to stare into her eyes. "The color of your hair, answers to Chaser. If I send her to you, for Merlin's sake, do what the letter says, Bell."

Something in her shriveled at the words. Bell, as if they were back to the beginning and he didn't matter to her as much as he did. As if she hadn't laid herself bare for him a thousand times and shown him everything there was to see inside her soul.

He touched her face and tugged on her hair the way he used to, skulking about corners and hallways waiting for her. "I need your promise. I need to know you'll be safe."

She looked up at him, eyes damp with unshed tears. "How dangerous is it, Marcus?" she asked, her voice breaking. "I'd do anything to help you..."

She was pants at Defense Against Dark Arts. Auror material she was not, and they both knew it.

"Promise me, Katie. I'm going to do whatever I can to protect you..."

"What's going on?!" she cried, giving him a shove. When in doubt, anger always used to get him to open up. "All this protection bullshit for no damn reason!"

Marcus grabbed her by the shoulders and gave her a shake hard enough to rattle her teeth. "Merlin's beard, you have no sense! Fuck, Bell! Katie! Listen to what I'm telling you, you daft bint! I'm trying to keep you from getting killed!"

Katie crumpled in his arms and began to cry like the girly-girl she had never wanted to be, crying over some bloke that was crushing her to pieces. She couldn't help it. "You worry me," she admitted, face pressed against his chest. "I'm scared I'm never going to see you again."

"I'm trying really hard not to die," he told her dryly. "So far, so good." He stroked her hair and pressed a kiss to the top of her head. "If Chaser ever comes to you without a letter... She's yours. That's how you'll know. But I need you to promise me. I'm doing whatever I can to keep you safe without making them suspect me. I'm trying to be what they need me to be so they don't ever question me." His laugh was bitter and hollow. "I'm too thick to plot against them anyway. I'd never be able to bring them down. But I'm good enough for keeping you safe. I'm good enough to direct them away from you."

"What do you mean?"

"They had you down as a Blood traitor, a sympathizer. I took your name off. They would've killed you and your family while you were at Mungo's. I took your name off."

Katie felt as if the world was spinning around her, blood rushing in her ears. If Marcus didn't have his arms around her already, she might have fallen. "But I didn't do anything."

"It's who you associate with. Your fucking friends, Katie. No one is above suspicion anymore."

"It's going to get worse isn't it?" she whispered disbelievingly.

"They won't stop for anything less than total control," he told her honestly. She clung to him then, her lips pressed to his throat. He slid his hands along her skin beneath her blouse, and she molded herself to him almost like a second skin. He hadn't seen her in months, and he wanted to shag her senseless. "Fuck, Bell," he ground out, feeling her flush against him. He was sure she could feel his erection by her thigh, his fingers pulling tight across her back. "Fuck."

"Isn't that the idea for coming here?" she asked, voice rough with desire.

No one noticed that Katie Bell disappeared from the funeral services, headed for the Forbidden Forest with a tall stranger. They didn't know when the stranger hoisted her up to shag her up against a tree, her head thrown back as she moaned at the feel of him inside her, his mouth on her throat and his hands on her arse, pulling her tighter and keeping her balanced. They didn't know when Katie and her stranger moved to the forest floor, tongues dueling as they kissed with all the pent up passion of frustrated desire. He slid inside her, thrusting with practiced ease. No one noticed any of this, and no one noticed when she returned to the castle, forest leaves twisted into her hair.

She got onto the Puddlemere reserve team and tried not to cry when no dark haired man cheered for her from the stands.
***
Marcus Flint's fist crashed down into Draco Malfoy's face. Blood spurted from that aristocratic nose, and Malfoy fell over in shock. He had trusted Flint, and hadn't thought he'd get a fist in the face for it. "What the bloody fucking hell, Flint!" Draco cried, losing his balance.

"You put her name back on the list," Marcus seethed, unable to think straight. Voldemort kept a list of Pureblooded witches and wizards that would be slaughtered in a ritual that would allow him to steal their remaining years of life to add to his own. He was planning to become damn near immortal at the expense of Purebloods. Marcus had checked the list just about daily, and narrowly managed to erase Katie Bell's name before it was picked up by Wormtail.

"Put who?!" he shouted, pulling himself up to stand. "I think you broke my nose, you arsehole."

"You put Bell on the list," Marcus told him through grit teeth.

"She's Pure," Draco protested, getting his wand out to heal his nose.

"So's Ginny Weasley," Marcus hissed. He took no pleasure out of watching Draco pale and fall still. "Yes, I know how you've looked at her for years. You don't think I know who your father would've suggested to get an heir from? Too many of the good ones are already dead or taken. The question is how it'll happen."

"Memory charms," Draco admitted with a sigh. "He erased everything."

Marcus let out a low whistle. "That would do it."

"So you and Bell?" Draco asked, wonderingly.

"Don't you fucking forget it," Marcus snapped. "I'll tear your throat out with my own hands if you do."

"But how?"

Marcus gave Draco a shove. "You forget that. If you want to keep your own Gryffindor girl, you'd better think fast. Your father's going to kill her as soon as he can."

Blanching, Draco eyed Marcus warily. "Why do you care, Flint?"

"I don't," he replied flatly, shrugging. "I don't care who you fuck or who you kill as long as you leave Bell and her family off the list."

"I'm not the only one you have to worry about," Draco told him with a frown. "Nott likes killing anyone and everything."

Marcus nodded gravely. "I saw what you did with that girl, by the way."

Draco froze. "What girl?"

"That last raid," Marcus told him, folding his arms across his chest. "The one you put to sleep instead of kill."

"I did no such thing," Draco protested hotly.

"Uh huh. And I got Outstanding on every NEWT," Marcus sneered. "I'm not book smart, but I know plenty enough about people. I know you well enough, Malfoy."

"I killed her," Draco insisted. "She's dead."

"Nott thinks so, anyway," Marcus replied lazily.

"Watch out for him, then," Draco hissed. "He's eying your place."

"He can try," Marcus drawled. "He won't get too far."

"He's clever. And he knows Bell's Pure and still alive."

"Bloody fucking git will back off if he knows what's good for him," Marcus snarled, eyes narrowing.

Draco held his hands up in surrender and backed off. "Just... Forget what you think you know about me and Ginevra, all right, Flint? Just... leave us alone?"

"I don't care if you want to keep the girl, Malfoy," Marcus ground out. "I care about keeping my own safe from harm."

"So I'll help you with yours if you help me with mine, then?"
"She's in your bloody mansion, you idiot. What good is it to get a favor from me?"

Draco licked his lips nervously and wondered how much he could even trust the older Death Eater. Marcus had always been cunning, if not overly intelligent. For a Slytherin, he had been exceedingly fair as captain. He didn't make any waves in the Death Eater ranks, and he could be counted on to get the job done. Yet there was something more to him, for none of the Death Eaters knew that he was in love with Katie Bell and was trying to keep her alive.

"I need to think of a way to save her from the sacrifice once she's with my heir. I told her," he admitted heavily.

Marcus's eyebrows rose in surprise. "You told the chit what she's being used for?" Draco nodded. "And she's still with you?"

"She thinks she can help me stop it," he told Flint heavily, spreading his hands apart in his confusion. "She doesn't remember a damn thing, but she is still a Gryffindor."

Marcus nodded and gave Draco a grimace of a smile. "Then it appears we have a problem on our hands, don't we?"

"I haven't a clue how to stop it. Do you?"

"Not a one. But my bird's safe and sound," Marcus told him, leaving the room. "Owl me if you need something."

The moment he was able, Marcus sent Chaser with a note for Katie: Don't go home.
***
Katie kept the note in her pocket long after Chaser left her side. Her parents received notes from her in rapid succession, and they had backup places to live. Katie didn't. She lived with her parents, and had never thought to get a place of her own. She supposed she could ask some of her teammates for a bit of help. Still, it was serious.

Don't go home.

Just thinking of the words sent a shiver down her spine.
***
Marcus didn't know where Katie was hiding, and no one else did either. He considered that to be a triumph. Nott was reprimanded for starting a fruitless search, and he disappeared for about a week. During that time, Marcus tried not to miss her.

He failed miserably.
***
***