We had just been married a few weeks and one night after some hot
and heavy fucking we began to talk about what really turned us on. I
could not believe what my wife told me and I could instantly feel my
lund rising with anticipation of what was to come. My wife Rashmi is
25 years old, 5'8"" tall with wavy blonde hair falling below her
shoulders. She has a fantastic body. Her legs are long and thin, her
gand is firm and tight and a great set of tits. She turns heads at
the mall. I enjoy watching guys looking at her as we walk by. Look
all you want guys, but I'm getting it regular! She enjoys it also.
Rashmi is a little of an exhibitionist.She likes to wear tight
shorts and tee shirts with no bra. When her nipples get hard and
stick out under the flimsy cotton guys start to trip over their
tongues. Sex with Rashmi is great. She can be slow and sensuous or
wild as a beast. Her specialty is blow jobs. She can suck a lund
like no one else. Her throat is endless. My seven inches slides down
her throat until she licks my balls with her tongue. My lund feels
so good when she takes it all in her mouth and sucks on it. I love
to cum deep in her mouth. She sucks all the cum from my rod and
swallows it or sometimes she holds it and lets it drip from her lips
onto her tits. It is wild to see cum dripping from her mouth. After
a wild fuck session one evening we began discussing what turned us
on the most. I said I loved to have my gand hole reamed. Rashmi was
very good at this. At times she would actually fuck my gand with her
tongue while she jerked me off. Rashmi said she would like to watch
me fucking one of her friends. This idea sounded just fine to me. We
talk a while about which of her friends would be best and willing.
She said Vandana often said I turned her on. Vandana is one super
piece of gand! She has short blond hair, long legs and the greatest
gand around. I got a hard on just thinking about my balls bouncing
off those firm cheeks. The thought of Rashmi watching made it all
the better. We decided to let Rashmi have a go at setting it up.
About a month went by with no more discussion of it, when I came
home one afternoon and saw Vandana's car in the driveway. My lund
went straight to attention. I took my lund from my pants and stroked
it a few times in anticipation. Had to be careful I didn't jerk off.
Sure didn't want to waste any on a jerk job. As I entered the house,
I saw Vandana's coat and pocket book on the chair. No one was
around. As I walked towards the bedroom I heard noises coming from
down the hall. It sounded like someone was taking the bed apart.
Looking in, I saw my wife in an extremely heavy 69 with Vandana.
Vandana was on top with her gand towards me and Rashmi was sucking
her cunt. Rashmi's head went up and down as she licked Vandana's by
now red choot. I could see her tongue going in and out of Vandana's
hole. Vandana's gand was moving to meet the tongue that was lapping
her choot juices. I moved to the side and could see Vandana's mouth
held firmly over my wife's slit. She was shaking her head back and
forth while she sucked Rashmi's clit into her hot mouth. Rashmi was
arching her back to get more of her cunt into Vandana's mouth.
Rashmi's long legs were spread wide and were moving in and out as
her lover sucked harder on her clit. I must have made some noise as
they both stopped abruptly and looked at me. Rashmi started laughing
while Vandana was trying to get under the sheets. Obviously Vandana
did not expect me home. She was bright red with embarrgandment,
unable to talk. I said nothing, but gave Rashmi a long hard kiss.
This seemed to relax Vandana a bit. I leaned over her and gave her
also a long wet kiss, my tongue exploring her mouth. She reacted in
kind and sucked on my tongue. I slowly peeled the sheet away
exposing her naked, beautiful body. Her nipples were sticking out
straight and hard. Her chest was heaving up and down and I ran my
fingers over her tits and pinched her nipples. She closed her eyes
and relaxed completely as I explored her body. I moved my hand to
her cunt and gently spread her legs. Her choot was still wet from my
wife's mouth. I slowly inserted one finger in her choot and moved it
around. A small whimper escaped from Vandana. I continued to move my
finger around inside her cunt and squeeze her tits a little harder.
Rashmi moved next to Vandana on the other side and sticking out her
tongue, licked Vandana's lips. This wasn't a kiss. Rashmi's tongue
licked and slowly spread Vandana's lips until Rashmi was actually
fucking Vandana's mouth with her tongue. Her tongue moved in and out
of Vandana's mouth repeatedly. I stood to remove my clothes. My lund
burst from my pants and stood straight out. I knelt next to Vandana
with my lund inches from her mouth. Rashmi raised her mouth from
Vandana's and licked the head of my prick. Slowly she slid her mouth
over my member until it all disappeared into her throat. Vandana was
watching this intently. Rashmi took my lund from her mouth and
gently rubbed it across Vandana's lips. Her tongue darted out to
lick it. My prick was rock hard. Her tongue licking my lund head was
like fire. I moved a little closer to Vandana's head and as her lips
parted, slid my prick into her mouth. It was fantastic. She took
about half of me in her mouth and her tongue was playing up and down
my shaft as she sucked. She was almost as good a lund sucker as my
wife. Rashmi moved down and continued her sucking of Vandana's choot
while I straddled her chest. Her tits were under me as I watched my
lund slide in and out of her mouth. Rashmi moved up and began to
lick my gand hole with her tongue. She was reaming me slowly with
her tongue probing my opening while I fucked her friend in the
mouth. After a few minutes of this Rashmi got me off Vandana and
turned her over onto her stomach. Her gand was sticking in the air.
It was perfect. Rashmi smiled at me and licked Vandana's choot. She
guided me behind Vandana and slowly guided my lund into her friends
choot. My prick slowly sank into her cunt. Her choot lips closed
over my head and pulled me deeper inside her. Rashmi was squeezing
her tit and guiding her movements as I pumped my lund harder and
harder into her warm choot. I felt like I would explode. I yelled I
was about to cum, as Rashmi pulled my lund from Vandana's cunt and
lay under me with her mouth open. She yanked and jerked my rod until
I came into her open mouth. Load after load poured from my swollen
lund into her mouth and dripped down her face. The hot white cum was
pudding in her mouth. Her tongue rolled it back and forth as I
watched. She move up and shared her treat with Vandana. They kissed
furiously as they moved my cum from mouth to mouth. Little lines of
it dripped from their mouths and down their chins. This was the
wildest act I had ever seen. We all fell back exhausted. I must have
fell asleep for a while, but when I woke I felt a warm mouth licking
my lund and balls. Both Rashmi and Vandana were sharing my soft rod
and taking my balls into their mouths. My staff started to harden as
first one hot mouth then the other would slide down it. It was
exciting to see my lund being pganded from one beautiful woman to
another. I laid back and enjoyed the scene. Rashmi smiled up at
me. "You were great, she said". Vandana moved up next to me and
kissed me. "I've wanted you for some time. When Rashmi suggested a
trio, I couldn't wait. We were waiting for you to come home when
things got a little out of hand, and that's when you walked in". I
said I thought it was wonderful. I knew Rashmi had a few bi
experiences before, but not recently. Vandana said she and Rashmi do
each other once in a while, just for fun. Rashmi was still sucking
me. Her head was sliding up and down my hard lund. Vandana watched
as my rod disappeared into Rashmi's mouth. "I can't believe she can
swallow that whole thing, I can only get most of it in, but I bet
she could even take more." Rashmi moved up to join us and I laid
between the two of them, their tits against my chest as they licked
my nipples. Rashmi said "You dummy, you don't even remember what day
this is do you?" I said no and she told me it was my birthday. Oh
shit, I forgot. Rashmi said "Vandana is your present. You can have
her anyway you like. We talked about it and she will do anything you
want". Vandana smiled at me and shook her head yes. There was no
doubt what I wanted to do with her. He gand was beautiful. Tight and
firm. I wanted to fuck her in the gand! I said "Anything, I
want?" "Uh hum, anything at all, she responded. "Rashmi, would you
like to watch me fuck her in the gand? Want to see my lund in her
gand?" "Oh yeah, but you've got to fuck me also. I want you in my
gand too. I want to watch you fuck her then me also". Vandana moved
so she was kneeling on the bed. Her tits hung down and her tight
gand was exposed to our view. Rashmi licked her choot and her gand
hole to lube her up for me. My lund was still wet from Rashmi's blow
job earlier. I knelt behind Vandana and spread her gorgeous gand
cheeks. I guided my lund to her gand hole and pushed slowly. Her
gand resisted at first, but when I pushed a little harder, the head
of my lund entered her anal hole. Vandana cried out lowly. I paused
to allow her spinster muscle to relax, then slowly slid the rest of
my prick up her gand. My balls rested against her choot as my lund
was fully planted in her gand. I stayed still as Vandana moved back
and forth on my lund. She built a rhythm that took the entire length
of my lund. It was fantastic! Her gand clamped around my rod and
drew it in her. Rashmi was watching this and fingering her clit. She
got on her hands and knees next to Vandana and waved her gand at me.
I removed my lund from Vandana and it slid right up Rashmi's wet
gand. I pumped her slowly for a short while. I was fingering
Vandana's choot as I fucked my wife in the gand. My lund sank deep
in Rashmi's gand and moved out again until just the head was still
in her, then back again to the hilt. This was magnificent! As I
fucked Rashmi in the gand, Vandana was enjoying my fingering of her
choot. I took a finger out and inserted it up her gand. She moaned
and pressed back against my finger. I continued to slide my finger
in and out of her gand. I removed my lund from Rashmi and once again
switched over to Vandana's gand. This time my lund slid right up her
well lubricated shaft. This was unbelievable, I was gand fucking two
girls. I was starting to loose it and pumped Vandana's gand hard. My
balls were slapping against her when I pushed my lund completely up
her gand. Rashmi was behind me licking my gand hole. Her tongue was
in my gand each time I pulled out of Vandana. I was cumming. I
shoved my rod far up her gand and let go. My whole body shook as I
pumped my load deep in Vandana's gand. I held her gand cheeks close
to me and let my cum fill her. She moaned loudly and wiggled her
butt to get more. My limp lund slid out of her slowly. "Happy
birthday, big guy, Rashmi said. Bet you just can't wait until Holi
now, can you."

