Mff, inc (granddaughter), rom, cons, anal

DROTTNINGGATAN  Written by Silvio Stoker

Story_intro: A semi-retired German businessman is in Scandinavia to visit his granddaughter, 13. When she catches him with a very young prostitute, he discovers that she is precocious in more ways than one... ..	Mff, inc (granddaughter), rom, cons, anal

======This story is a work of fiction.==== 

(This text from archive  1 my collections of this writer. 
Access to archives from page   [0SilvioStoker.htm]  in the same directory  ...\favoritecollection\Silvio_Stroker)

DROTTNINGGATAN        

Written by Silvio Stoker


The girls of Antarctica are the color of ash carefully scraped from the bowl of a hookah. They
drifted through Dieter Vogel's fitful dreams like smoke, swishing their pitch black fishtails like
little amphibious cows, scraping the sides of their aquarium with tiny, pink claws, until the plane
touched down, reversed its engines and taxied to the terminal. The dream dwelt in his mouth like
the aftertaste from his armagnac. 

Arlanda is pleasant as far as airports go -- spacious, sterile, rarely crowded. Dieter waded
through customs, taking the green "I have nothing to declare" line, walked out into the breezy,
warm, solstitial day, stepped into a cab and was whisked to central Stockholm by a shabby-looking blond man listening to technopop.

He had been coming here more often lately, less for business than to see his granddaughter,
taking the short flight from Hamburg and staying at a moderately priced hotel on Drottninggatan,
not far from Strindberg's "Blue Tower."

Stockholm would always be Strindberg's city to him. He imagined himself walking in Gamla
Stan or the Djurgarden with the wild-haired writer and fledgling scientist, discussing marriage,
alchemy and the smell of fermented cabbage that wafted in when succubi infiltrated a bedroom.
Pretending to be with the intense, almost insane playwright alleviated the blandness of the
Swedish capital. It is beautiful, to be sure, especially in summer, a gracious city of glimmering
water and varied architecture, but it is also devoid of mystery. To Dieter, the wealth and
materialism of its citizens was pervasive, all-encompassing, like a happy family from which one
can never escape. 

Dieter asked the driver to let him out at T-Centralen, the main subway station, strolled through
the pedestrian mall and continued up the hill toward his hotel, looking at the faces of passers-by,
the tacky bars and shops, the immigrants selling Russian amber and African trinkets.

His daughter, Ilse, had married a Swede on her eighteenth birthday, a large, taciturn, melancholy
man named Arild, who worked in the chemical industry. She divorced him soon after the birth of
their child. Ilse was in her late thirties now, a novelist, living out in the archipelago and taking
advantage of the generous Scandinavian subsidies for writers and hacks. Dieter ceased to read
his daughter's work after her second novel -- she was insightful, psychological, "deep," but also
unimaginative, moralistic and dreary. And his Swedish was very poor. They were not close. She
had lived with her mother after the acrimonious end of his own early marriage, and he had
barely seen her afterward. The child from Ilse's unhappy liason, Laylah, whose fourteenth
birthday would be Saturday, lived mostly in Solna with her father.

Laylah was a dream. She had inherited her father's piercing, smaragdine eyes and her mother's
dark red, luminous hair. A prodigy, the stunningly beautiful girl was fluent in English, French,
Italian and Spanish as well as her father tongue (she did not speak German, which was odd,
considering that language is usually passed through the mother) and played both the violin and
the piano. It was as a pianist that Laylah was most astounding -- she won competition after
competition, and seemed destined for a stellar career.

What contact he had with Ilse reminded him very unpleasantly of his ex-wife. Cultured, rational,
understanding and astoundingly sensual. Like Stockholm. He had married her mother for her
beauty, though it took him many years to realize that. It is hard to peel apart the whys and
wherefores of our relationships. And the consequences are equally obscure -- if he hadn't
married Beats for her loveliness, he would never have had Laylah.

And he did have Laylah. Arild, the practical, sad, dutiful father, did not communicate with his
brilliant daughter. Ilse, withdrawn, hermitic, neurotic, sat on her island reading boring books and
writing her repetitive novels, taking Laylah for part of the summer, treating her like a cultured,
rational, understanding adult, listening to her play Beethoven's Bagatelles and Satie, taking her
to Gotland or Bornholm, studying her reactions to things and filing them away for future use in a
sensitive, picayune autobiography.

But when Dieter appeared Laylah would blossom. Every free hour would be spent wandering the
museums and parks, philosophizing, analyzing, questioning, or just plain having fun. Without
worrying about the implications, he had begun to bring her dangerous presents -- Lautreamont's
prose poetry, with its lyrical, precise description of Maldoror watching the sinking ship, shooting
the sole survivor dead, slinking into the sea and making love to the shark that eats the drowning
men. Baudelaire. Pasolini. He even gave her a paperback of Sade's Philosophy in the Bedroom.
Laylah read ravenously, absorbed wholeheartedly, responded carefully, her agile, nimble, almost
nubile mind looking down into what attracted her, studying her own absorption, losing herself in
the dreamy process of finding her world.
 
Dieter mused delightedly on the coming days with his granddaughter and walked slowly up
Drottninggatan, stopping at the little shop that sold archery equipment and occult books. It was
odd to complain about Sweden, for a German to complain about materialism. Fussgaengerzone.
Kaufhaus des Westens. But Dieter relished the illusion that he was not exactly German, that he
was somehow immune to Late Capitalism, to EU AB Gmbh & Cie.

He believed himself to be apart, a man apart, a vivacious relic. Laylah was his raison d'etre, was
what he had looked for in his daughter while he knew her, was his... his inamorata, he said to
himself, his paramour. Not that he had any improper thoughts about the girl -- he did not. He
found her attractive, certainly. Attractive in a way that Ilse, Stockholm, and his few affairs were
not. 

They spoke English together, a little whiff of pain rumpling his slack body: my own
granddaughter does not know the language of Celan, Goethe, Rilke. Sometimes they spoke
French. They liked the English, though -- she would pretend to be some woman out of the
Brontes or Woolf, he would play Sherlock Holmes or Philip Marlowe.

He bought her a pack of tarot cards at the shop. Tarot cards and a strange sliver of rock crystal
on a black silk string. He imagined it pendant between her tiny breasts.

His few affairs. There had not been any for a very long time. Dieter's sexual life lately consisted
of wandering St. Pauli and finding the youngest, most vulnerable whore he could, buying her,
and watching her masturbate. This did not gel very well with Goethe and the Brontes, but his
own dick had become rather alien to him. Tant pis. When a halfway acceptable hooker was not
to be found, he went to a Videokabine and jacked off to Brazilian women encunted by eels. 

Dieter reached his hotel, checked in, and dialed the island. Ilse said that Laylah had taken the
ferry in the morning, was stopping at Vaxholm, and would meet him at the Central Station in the
morning. She was at her father's in Solna.

He dialed Solna and basked in her voice. Laylah's voice was the Castalian spring, the voice of a
virginal sibyl tinged with innocent eroticism. Arild wouldn't let her see him until morning. They
agreed to meet at the cafeteria in the station for breakfast. She called him "papa," pronouncing it
with the accent on the second syllable.

Dieter took a shower, dressed, and went out for a walk. He strolled back to T-Centralen and
wandered along Kungsgatan, thinking about Laylah, about how much he wished she lived with
him, about how lonely he was. The sun was setting and the long summer twilight had begun. He
saw an adult bookstore in a side street, went down the red carpeted staircase and browsed
through the videos. He chose one that promised the double penetration of a slim redhead, paid,
and disappeared into a booth. 

The smell of semen was suffocating. He sat down and undid his pants, watching the redhead
take on three doltish, massive men, stroking his cock, almost bored. The men urinated in the
girl's mouth and played with her small breasts. Dieter thought about his granddaughter's
budding breasts, closed his eyes, imagined Laylah offering herself to him, and came into a
napkin. Guilt and shame welled up in him. He fixed his pants and went back out into the world.

He had never seen Laylah naked. Once he had joined her and Ilse in Mallorca for a couple of
days and the beautiful girl had worn a black, one-piece swimsuit. That was the only time he had
ever considered her sexually, stealing looks at her tiny breasts and skinny ass, studying her pretty
feet. Laylah had asked him to put on sunblock and he had done so lingeringly, rubbing the lotion
into her white shoulders and slender legs.

Dieter returned to Drottninggatan and found a nice, candlelit bar. He drank Carlsberg and mused
about summer. Perhaps he should be more aggressive with the girl's parents, ask them to let
Laylah come to Germany with him until school started... He got drunk, ordering pint after pint of
the strongest beer and shots of Absolut Citron. The prices were staggering. By the time it was
dark and Dieter was thoroughly marinated, he had gone through a few hundred kronor. He
supposed that if alcohol was not so expensive and rigidly controlled, half the people in Sweden
would drink themselves to death. It was their nature -- they worked hard, drank strong coffee all
day, and soused themselves, particularly on weekends. By candlelight.

Wearily, he walked back towards his hotel, pretending that Strindberg was with him. He stood
for a moment in the middle of the sidewalk and lit a Gitane, savoring the sour, black tobacco.
It's like a Frenchman's dirty socks, he thought. 

He didn't notice the girl until she was a meter away. She was barefoot. "Unglaublich," he said to
himself, unbelievable. The gypsy asked him for a cigarette. He had seen barefoot gypsies before
-- they were on every corner in Warsaw, and not uncommon in Berlin -- but never in prosperous
Scandinavia; didn't they get supported by the state, like every other immigrant? Wouldn't the
state buy her shoes?

He looked into the girl's dark eyes and immediately saw "whore" written there. Whore, and
child. She couldn't have been sixteen. He pulled the pack of Gitanes from his trouser pocket and
the girl said something in Swedish. Dieter was too drunk to remember how to say that he
couldn't speak it.

"Svenska, kein... ni talar..." 

The girl pointed at the blue pack, the silhouette of a dancing gypsy. "Das ist mich, Zigeuner,
ich," she said, smiling. "I am gypsy."

Her childish fingers brushed against his hand and he felt himself get hard. 

"Sprichst du Deutsch?"

"Nein... nur ein bischen... English?"

"Ja... yes. How old are you?" He lit her cigarette. Her dark eyes flashed.

"Old enough for cock," she said, stroking his hand.

"How much?"

"This change on what you want," the girl said, giving him a lewd smile. She touched his crotch.
"You want in my mouth, in my cunt?" She pulled him to her, kissed him, and whispered softly.
"Or you want in my little Arschloch?"

Her mouth tasted like mints. Dieter worried about the clerk at the hotel. It was very late.
Drottninggatan was deserted.

"What's your name?"

"Maria... where your hotel?"

They walked slowly up the empty street, holding hands. He was sweating from nervousness. 

The desk clerk was a young, tall man from Somalia. They crossed the lobby and he pushed the
button for the lift. He liked the word for elevator in Swedish: "hiss." The clerk glared at him.

Maria kissed him in the elevator. He probed her little, minty mouth with his tongue and felt her
small, pert breasts. She was very pretty, her soft skin cafe au lait, violet lips, a gold chain around
her skinny ankle. 

The door slid open and Dieter almost fainted. Laylah was sitting on the floor in front of the door
to his room, a book in her hands. He could see up her short dress, emerald silk, see her slender
thighs and white panties. She looked at him, her green eyes aglow, and gazed at the young gypsy
inquiringly. 

"Hej, papa!" She leapt up and embraced him. The whore kissed his granddaughter on the cheek.

"Laylah... what are you doing here?"

"I could not wait until morning and snuck away... is this... who is your friend?"

The whore touched Laylah's long, dark red hair. "I am Maria."

Dieter trembled. Laylah looked at him mischievously and stroked the gypsy's cheek. "Is she a
prostitute?"

"Laylah... ich..."

His granddaughter put her pale arms around the hooker and gave her a lurid, lingering kiss. "She
is pretty, papa."

"Maria, ich glaube... I think... I think you..."

"Nonsense, papa -- open the door."

Dieter fumbled with the key, unlocked the room, and the three of them went in. He went straight
to the minibar and pulled out a Tuborg.

"Moechtet... would you like..." He was barely able to talk, paralyzed by embarrassment.

Laylah brushed past him and bent down at the minibar. Her short dress rode up and he could see
her skimpy white silk panties again. She pulled out two airline bottles of Grand Marnier and
looked back at him over her shoulder, her smaragdine eyes clouded with timid desire.

"Papa..." Her nostrils flared and her pale lips parted slightly. She bent over the bar and lifted the
back of her dress. Her voice was like a rushing stream. "Papa, do you think I am pretty?"

He could smell her sex. Laylah put the little bottles down, held her emerald dress up, hooked her
finger under the panties and pulled them aside. Dieter's heart was in his throat. Her butt was the
color of goat's milk. The moist, pubescent cunnus was the color of tea sausage, Mettwurst,
surrounded by sparse, fine, dark red hairs. Its scent invaded him, the aroma of shrimp in honey.
Her anus was the size of the old one-pfennig coin.

"Laylah..."

She stood up straight, lifted her dress and turned around. He could see her pale, tumescent
nipples through her lacy bra, loose on her tiny breasts. Her pubic hair was carefully trimmed into
a tiny rectangle. Her navel was a shallow oval. She kicked off her sandals and took off her
panties, watching him. 

"Suis-je belle, Papa?"

"Laylah, du kannst doch nicht... you cannot..."

His granddaughter touched his lips. His hands went almost involuntarily to her breasts. She
reached back and unhooked her bra. He fondled her pale, erect nipples, devouring her lithe,
perfect body with his eyes. Laylah unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his trousers. 

Dieter pulled her to him and kissed her, caressing her little butt. She kissed awkwardly, clumsily,
fumbling with his fly. He felt her beautiful fingers on his erection and moaned.

Laylah slid to her knees and licked the head of his cock, stroking him with her slender fingers. 

Maria appeared, naked, the small, firm cones of her breasts ending in nipples that were almost
black. Her shaven cunt was pierced through the dark labia with thick gold rings. She crouched
next to his pale granddaughter and untied his shoes, slipped them off and took off his pants. The
two girls kissed playfully, their tiny, pink tongues darting into each other's mouths.  

The gypsy crawled behind him, spread his cheeks and licked his asshole. Dieter moaned like a
dying man as Laylah tried to suck him, staring up at him, her face transformed by the ferocity of
her strange, precocious lust. Her mouth was too small. Her deft fingers flickering at her
pubescent vagina, Laylah spat on his penis and stroked him, sticking out her tongue. Maria
stabbed her tongue into his ass and Dieter exploded, spewing warm fuck into his
granddaughter's open mouth.

The whore kissed Laylah feverishly, rubbing her budding breasts and sucking the semen from
her pouting mouth. Panting, Laylah got on all fours and the gypsy tongued her genitals in a
frenzy, spread her white buttocks and slurped at her tiny, pink anus. 

Dieter squatted behind Maria, toyed with the cunt-rings and plunged his tongue into the whore's
snatch. She tasted like spoiled herring. Her shithole was gory with hemorrhoids. 

"Ja... fuck me, mister... get my purse, ja? Preservatif in purse..."

The gypsy fingered Laylah's innocent vulva as Dieter lapped at her whorish fuckhole, rubbing
the grotesque anus with his thumb.   

Laylah fingered her clitty and came, squealing. Maria twisted away and went for her purse.

Dieter picked up his languid beloved and carried her to the bed, kissing her tiny breasts. 

"Oh, papa... I think of this so much, always..."

"Laylah... ich liebe dich..."

"Papa... I want you... I want you to make me a woman." She grasped his shaft and he felt her
touch the head to her wet little opening.

"Laylah... nein..."

The hooker sprawled next to them, squeezing lubricant from a plastic tube and greasing her
hideous shithole. 

Dieter's cock slipped into his granddaughter's tight cunny, his glans against her hymen. She had
slid under him, her pale legs in the air, her little feet waving like slender white fans. 

Her eyes, half innocent, half lewd, imprisoned him in an emerald spell. 

"Fuck me, Papa. I want you inside me."

The beautiful, corrupt gypsy sucked Laylah's little titties and wiggled her lubricated, cafe au lait
ass.

His granddaughter screamed as he deflowered her, forcing his huge cock into her pubescent
body. Maria stroked the virgin's tiny clitoris and masturbated her obscene, greasy anus, staring
into Dieter's feverish eyes.

He thrust all the way into the pale, trembling little girl. The whore took her fingers from her
rectum and shoved them into Laylah's mouth. The redhead sucked them and rocked her narrow
hips, mewling.

Maria defiled her mouth with her filthy hand and tugged roughly at her rosy nipples. Dieter
restrained his seed, afraid to impregnate the child, withdrew his cock and came on the
prostitute's face, groaning. 

Laylah grabbed the gypsy and licked Dieter's sperm from her face, twisting the whore's gold
cunt-rings. The two girls fell into a heaving sixty-nine. The whore's back had a strange, blue-green tattoo of a serpent devouring rats. 

His lovely, virginal granddaughter sucked the whore's dirty rear and clawed at it with her
delicate fingers. Maria grunted and squirmed.

"Nej... preservatif... ungh... unngh... uh... unngh..."

Dieter crawled to the other side of the bed and stuffed his cock into the horrific shithole. He
slam-fucked the whore's ass as his granddaughter played with his balls and licked Maria's fetid,
shaven gash. He felt Laylah's tongue on his scrotum, pulled his shit-smeared shaft from the
hideous hole and jammed it into the little girl's dirty mouth.

Laylah forced her entire hand into the gypsy's bowels. Dieter slapped Laylah's face with his
thick cock. The beautiful girl fisted Maria's asshole and gazed at her grandfather, her lips
stained with feces and lubricant, her eyes wild, depraved.

The whore violated Laylah's virgin rectum with her fingers. Laylah's skinny white forearm slid
deep into the foul cavity. 

Dieter grabbed her arm and pulled it from the gypsy's gaping anus, peeled her from his
granddaughter and mounted the pallid, orgasmic pianist.

He pressed his penis against the tiny ring of her poophole.

"No... papa... don't... it's too big..."

Dieter rammed his dick into Laylah's hot, dry little bottom. His grandchild screeched and
shuddered. He held her ankles and...

There was a heavy, rapid rapping at the door, and the husky voice of a policeman tore through
the pleasure dome like a shot. Dieter looked down at his beloved Laylah for the last time. Her
smaragdine eyes were like a storm at sea.      

Copyright  1998,   Silvio Stoker.  ALL Rights Reserved

     
==============================================

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

**********************************
Wish to read more texts of this writer?
To load archives, pass to a file  [0SilvioStoker.htm]   in the same catalogue.
Or on my homepage Sergdriver
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sergdriver/www/index.htm
There more many fascinating stories of other writers and mine too!
*********************************
