Lara Fantasy Becomes Nightmare
by RoseENF

Lara sat alone in the park reading her book she was seventeen and enjoying time off from studies, it was a hot summers day and she was dressed for it. Her shoulder length brunette hair complemented her strapless yellow dress perfectly, it gentle fabric flowed down her athletic body stopping just short of her knees. She thought of her outfit carefully and wore a strapless lace bra and matching white thong, on her feet she wore a cheap pair of gladiator sandals she got in a sale.
Her cheeks blushed red and she let out a little smile, totally lost in the writing of 50 shades of grey. She stopped for a second wondering what it would be like to be in similar situation, stripped and vulnerable. The bondage she wasn’t sure on but the idea came to her mind, been humiliated naked and at the mercy of a guy would be so hot.
She was snapped out of her naughty thoughts by a single question “You must be enjoying your book?” asked an attractive looking guy, Lara looked up at the random guy who had disturbed her. He was tall, athletic, tanned nicely. “Sorry you err.. caught me off guard” she smiled brushing her hair from her face over her ear. “Sorry I didn’t mean to startle you” smiled the guy “What you reading” he asked politely
Lara blushed and let out a small smile as she relied “50 shades”
“Never read it” the guy replied “It must be good you looked like you deep in thought abut something” Lara blushed again as the guy continued to stand over her smiling.
“You want to join me?” she asked sliding over on the bench she was on to allow the guy to sit next to her. Smiling he sat next to the young brunette. “Is that book the one about the bondage and stuff?” he asked.
“Something like that” she smiled
“You into that?” the guy asked nervously looking away from Lara “You know the bondage and submissive stuff?”
“Not exactly the bondage” Lara replied nervously looking around checking no-one was eavesdropping on the conversation “More the submissive and humiliation side” she said quietly
The guy laughed “I do enjoy a sub”
“What’s that’s?” asked Lara
“You know a girl who’s submissive, like been told what to do” he said smiling at the inquisitive girl
“So you like telling girls what to do?” she asked quietly, nervously looking around as she bit her bottom lip.
“Ye, I do” he smiled “Something about having a girl vulnerable and embarrassed does it for me” he replied confidently “What would you do with someone like me?” asked Lara nervously.
“There’s some public toilets near hear, why don’t you come find out?” asked the guy standing up and walking off towards the park exit.

For some unknown reason Lara didn’t hesitate in packing her book into her bag and following the guy. ‘What am I doing’ she thought ‘This could be very dangerous’ how bad could it be though it was daylight the sun was out and with it a few people and it was a public place. The guy exited the park and crossed the road to the public toilets. Lara followed.
“what am I doing” she muttered to herself as she nervously looked around, no one was around and so she quickly slipped through the door into the men’s public toilet.
Lara stood in an empty large square room with urinals on the wall, at the far end were a small corridor with 3 cubicles. No one was there, then the guy stepped out from the cubicle at the far end and Lara quickly walked over she quickly hid in the cubicle squeezing past the random guy she had just met, he smiled and closed the door behind them locking it. Lara looked at the guy, heart racing as he put a finger over his lip telling her to be quiet.
“Take off your dress, underwear and sandals and hand them to me” he whispered as he slowly removed Lara’s bag from her shoulder.
Nervously Lara pulled he dress down over her tanned slender body slowly stepping out of it and handing it over. As the guy screwed it up and placed it in her bag she unclasped her bra and turned around, she reached back to hand over the item covering her small breasts with her free arm, then slowly she bent over and began to peel her thong down her legs stepping out of the garment. She repeated the motion of handing it behind her hiding the front of her nude body from view. Finally she raised her knee to her chest and unclasped the buckle on her sandal then removed it handing it back to the guy as she slowly brought her bare foot down to the cold, disgusting tiled floor of the men’s public toilet. She repeated the process with her other sandal and then finally stood up straight. Heart racing she thought about her situation and what she had done. She was naked, in a public place with a random guy and he had all her clothes. She was so vulnerable and humiliated as she slowly turned to show the guy her front side. She stood bare ass naked as the random guy drank in the sight of the naked girl, tanned and toned apart from white bikini marks from where Lara has been on holiday. Her pale bits left from her beach bikini holiday highlighted her nudity from her small round nipples to clean shaven pussy.
The guy placed Lara’s bag on the floor and instructed the girl to turn and bend over. Lara complied biting her lip as she heard the sound of the guy lower his zip, she spread her legs and waited nervously in anticipation of what was about to come.
She let out a small gasp as the random nameless guy started thrusting his long hard cock deep into her tight pussy. As he continued to thrust Lara covered her mouth with her hand as she let out moan after moan of pleasure trying desperately to be quiet.
After may orgasms the guy wrapped his fingers through Lara’s hear and pulled back making her moan in pleasure. He brought Lara to a near standing position still holding her hair and leaned over to whisper in her ear as he continued to thrust deep inside her. She felt his body shudder as he slowed down biting on her ear, Lara was truly satisfied and pleasured when the guy pulled out sharply and whispered “Enjoy your walk home slut” still panting from the hard sex she had just experienced the guy pushed her forward over the toilet and quickly opened the stall door walking out.
Cum dripping from her pussy and chest flushed red Lara slowly regained her composure and stood on week knees, panting she turned around. The guy had gone and so was her bag and with it all her clothes. Terrified Lara ran out and to the door feet slapping on the tiled floor, she opened the door to the street a crack and looked out. The guy and her clothes were gone and the streets were still busy with people and traffic. Lara’s heart began to race again as she realised the gravity of her situation, she was stranded naked in public!


Lara gets humiliated more.

Lara stood naked in the public men’s room toilet doorway peaking out into the street, she had an idea but it was risky. She waited till no one was around then slipped out the door into the public street. Just next to the men’s public toilet was the women’s she was able to slip in without been seen. Been naked in the women’s toilets seemed less dangerous than the men’s but she still had to find a way of getting home, with any luck a woman would come in and be able to help her… somehow. Lara locked herself in a stall and sat on top of the toilet with her knees up over her chest. After waiting for what seemed like forever she finally heard someone walk in, two girls talking loudly to themselves. Reluctantly Lara called out “Little help please” the voices fell silent and she heard footsteps approach “run out of loo role?” asked a familiar voice. Lara couldn’t quiet place where she had herd this voice before without thinking she quietly replied “No, I’m.. err.. naked” after a small pause the two girls on the other side of the door burst out laughing “What do you mean you are naked? Why are you naked?” asked the other girl on the other side of the door still laughing. Lara quickly explained what had happened and how she had ended up in this situation only for the girls to laugh even more. “You naughty slut” one of the girls laughed. Lara’s face burned red not noticing one of the girls walk into the stall next to her climbing on the toilet to peek over the top “Oh my god” the girl cried out jumping back down. Lara didn’t have chance to see who it was but what came next sent a shiver down her spine “Its Lara” laughed the girl.
Lara’s mind raced it was someone who knew her! “Is she actually naked” asked the other girl
“Ye she is”
“Open the door Lara and let us see you” called out the girl. Lara reluctantly stood up and unlocked the door, she stood hands covering her nudity as one of the girls pushed the door open. Lara burnt a brighter shade of red as she viewed the two girls for the first time, they both bent over howling with laughter. Becky was a short fat girl covered in spots and Emma was this alt punk emo type with green hair. Been considered attractive the slim brunet Lara had always given Emma and Becky a hard time for there looks and vice versa, needless to say they were not friendly towards each other. Both Becky and Emma got there phones out and snapped pictures of Lara in her ENF pose. “Hey don’t take pictures” she shouted
“If you want our help you better shut up and do as your told or it’s a long walk home for you” laughed Becky. “Please” Lara begged with wide eyes
“Tell you what do as we say and you can borrow my new dress to go home in” Emma said with a smile as she pulled a small black dress from a shopping bag. Giving in Lara sighed “Fine, what do you want me to do”
“Step out the stall and come stand by the sinks” said Emma
“Hands by your side” Becky added. Lara lowered her hands and walked out to the sink Becky and Emma both laughing as she did. Lara stood with her back to the sinks facing Becky and Emma. “Put your hands on your hips and smile” instructed Becky. Lara did as she was told and Becky and Emma snapped more photos of the shamed girl. “Nice we can totally see your cute toned but in the mirror” laughed Becky. Lara said nothing, as Becky and Emma quietly chatted to themselves the door to the women’s toilets opened, Lara quickly dashed back into her stall to hide just avoiding been seen. Becky and Emma both burst out laughing and ran off as a middle aged woman walked in. After going to the toilet and washing her hands the woman called out “Is there someone there?” Lara stayed silent hidden in her stall “Your friends if that have run off” the woman called out
“No” Lara cried out
“Ok what’s going on? Do I need to call the police?” without thinking Lara burst out of the stall into the view of the woman “No don’t, please” she begged her hands quickly darted to cover herself as the woman looked shocked at the naked teen stood in front of her. After a short awkward silence the woman spoke up “I’m sorry.. did them girls do this to you? Do you want me to call the police?” Lara close to crying studied the woman. She was a tall blond with a pair of killer heals wearing a grey business suit. Once again Lara told her story in shame to the woman adding in the part with Becky and Emma. The woman’s expression of concern changed to one of disgust “So you are nothing but a little slut” she said Lara bowed her head in shame. “Please can you help me?” Lara asked quietly.
The woman sighed “I can give you a lift home, come with me to my car”
“Can I have your jacket to at least cover my self” asked Lara nervously
“No, you wanted this, this is what you get” replied the woman with a strict tone. Giving up Lara followed the woman out into the street, it felt strange walking naked in public. Her bare feet on the sun warmed pavement slabs the gentle summer breeze flowing over her exposed flesh highlighting further her nudity. People stopped and stared as Lara walked as close as possible to the woman trying to at least hide from the traffic behind her. The woman stopped and looked at Lara. “You wanted this remember, been exposed for people to see. So embrace your nudity and stop covering” The woman was right Lara took a deep breath and started walking once again along side the women only with her hands by her side. Every passer-by were now getting a good look at every inch of Lara’s nude form, eventually the woman turned and crossed the road walking into a multi story car park. Lara quickly ran after her, her feet slapping butt jiggling as she jogged after the woman.
Eventually the woman arrived at a silver BMW and with the click of her key fob the doors unlocked and she got it. Lara quickly jumped in the passenger seat and fastened her seat belt. “So where do you live” Lara gave the woman her address and she set off driving. Lara started to relax as she would soon be home and able to get dressed. “So tell me about yourself Lara” said the woman breaking what was an awkward silence. Lara explained she was at college studying hair and beauty and a few other little details about herself. “How come you are not at college today then?” asked the woman
“I have a free day, I’m back at college tomorrow” she replied
“You popular at college” asked the woman
“Not really, I am popular with the guys most of the girls dislike me”
“Really” smiled the woman as she stopped at a red light. She reached across the dash and pressed a button. Lara looked confused, then she started to panic as the roof started moving. The car roof pealed back and folded away “What are you doing” Lara called out
“Taking a detour and having some fun” Laughed the woman as she drove off and turned right. Lara looked around in shock they were driving onto the college campus. “Please no people know me they will see” begged Lara sinking into her seat. The woman drove to the end of the college car park and turned around heading back to the main road. “Stand up and wave at people or you can get out and walk home” said the woman with an evil smile. Lara gave in, she stood up exposing her nude body again as the woman drove slowly back to the road. Lara waved as the woman beeped her horn and shouted “Hey look at Lara she’s naked” boys, girls and even some teachers were out all eyes on Lara. She was so humiliated as people laughed, called her names and took pictures. “Sit” commanded the woman. Lara quickly sat back down and hid as the woman speed off from the college. Fortunately she made no more detours and dropped Lara off at her house. Not saying anything she ran from the car and the woman as fast as she could, at her front door she retrieved a spare key from under a plat pot and dashed inside. She ran to her room and slammed her bedroom door behind her, fortunately no one was home to see her coming in naked.
After getting dressed she logged onto her computer to try and track her phone in the hope of finding her stuff. Her computer started to beep as she got a load of social media notifications, people from college were sharing pictures of her nude drive by. She ignored the messages and notifications and looked up her phone location. It was in the park near the toilets, Lara dashed off to recover her belongings.


