My Nice Bhabie
________________________________________
This happened when I had just completed my 23 years from Lahore. My
elder brother had got married a year ago. We are two brothers and a
sister who is already married. My parents are very religious kind and
were always busy in religious activities. My brother was doing garment
business and I was studying in university.

My Bhabhi liked me very much, because I was the only one to whom she
could talk in home when brother was away on duty or touring. She
looked after me very affectionately and gave me every emotional
support and care, and I felt at ease even in my parents' absence. She
was very nice to me. She called me 'Lala' which means brother-in-law.
I always liked her proximity, as she was so beautiful with long black
hair, fair skin, about 5'5" and a nice figure. Her bust size must have
been around 38. I liked to see the shape of her boobs and was always
seeking chances to get a glimpse of her mammary glands whenever she
bent forward and the Pallu of her Sari slid off.

This incident occurred when my brother had to go on a business tour
for the first time after marriage. Parents had gone to visit Haridwar
on pilgrimage for a month and Bhabhi was carrying out the
responsibility of running the house. Brother told me to stay home most
of the time studying as my exams were approaching and by so Bhabhi
will also not feel lonely. Next day he caught the first bus and went
off on his journey. We both went to see him off at the bus-stand.

Bhabhi was very happy that day. When we reached home she called me in
her room and said that I should sleep in her room for the time my
brother was away. She told me to take my books there to study. I was
so happy to hear that and immediately shifted my study table and some
books in her room. She cooked and we ate. Then she gave me fruits to
eat. While giving me the fruits, she squeezed my hand in a passionate
manner and smiled. I blushed as I sensed this smile was different from
the usual one. This was a mischievous smile.

After dinner she went to her bed and I went to my study table. Those
were summer days and it was quite hot that day. I put off my shirt and
banyan and sat there only in trousers. There was a mirror on the wall
above the table and I was watching Bhabhi in the mirror. She was
removing her sari and then she looked towards me. She could not think
that I was watching her reflection. Then she unbuttoned her blouse and
removed it. I saw her well-developed breasts partially held by the
while laced bra. Her boobs were extra large and the brassier she wore
was not able to hold them properly.

She went to the bed and lay on it flat, covered her breasts with a see
through dupatta. For a second I desired to look at her but then
thought it was not good to do so and I kept my eyes on my book. She
was sleeping. Dupatta gave way and now her round and solid breasts
were clearly visible, moving up and down as she was taking deep
breaths. It was almost 12 p.m. when I closed my book and was about to
put off the lights when I suddenly heard her low vibrating voice.
'Lala, yahan aao.' I stepped towards her. She had, by now covered her
breasts again with the dupatta. 'Kya hai Bhabhi ?' I said politely.
'Lala, mere saath soo jao na. Hum thodi der baat karenge phir tum
apne bister pe jaake soo jaana.' She suggested.

First I hesitated and then agreed. I used to sleep with my undy only,
and now I was feeling difficulty in sleeping with trousers. She
guessed very correctly and to my astonishment she said, 'Koi baat
nahi, Lala. Tum apni pant utaar do aur jaise roj sote ho waise hi mere
paas so jaao. Sharmao mat. Aao na.' I couldn't believe my luck.
Switching the light off and putting the night lamp on, I went to the
bed beside her. I was now lying down next to the half-naked body I
kept admiring for months. I could clearly see her boobs from an angle
where they looked almost naked as only a small portion covered by her
bra. The view was fantastic. 'Itne mahino se mai akeli kabhi soi nahi
na, is liye ab aadat nahi hai akele sone ki.' She explained. 'Aur
mai kabhi kisi ke saath is tarah soya nahi.' I could hardly find
words. 'Anubhav le lena chahiye. Kaam aayega,' she giggled and held
my hand slowly pulling it towards her. She then placed it on her
thumping breasts. My breathing sped up. I could not speak a word but I
kept my hand as it was placed.

'Mujhe yahan kuchh khuja raha hai. Thoda sahalao na.' I started
rubbing her breasts from above her bra. She took my hand and pushed it
under the cup of the bra. I inserted my hand all the way inside the
bra and started rubbing the flesh vigorously. My palm felt her
chuchchi (nipple) getting hard. The feel of the soft flesh was great
but at the same time I was having some difficulty in moving my hand
inside the bra cup.

Suddenly she turned her back to me and said, 'Lala, ye angiya (bra) ki
hook khol do.' I obeyed and with trembling hands removed the catch of
the brassier, which she pulled off her body and threw it on the floor.
She took my hands and placed them again on her bare chhati and said,
'Thoda aur dabao na.' I, in a fit of excitement, went on to enjoy
playing with her milk-pots. They were round, big and firm with dark
brown inch-long nipples. First time I had touched the soft roundness
of a fully-grown woman. Bhabhi was also enjoying my kneading and
squeezing of her breasts. My lund was getting hard. I was wearing only
the underwear and my 7.5" lund was now forcing its way out. I got full
erection. As I was playing with her boobs and nipples, I had come
close to her body and was slightly on my side. That made my lund to
poke in her thigh. She all of a sudden said, 'Lala, ye meri tangon ko
kya chubh raha hai?' I was getting bolder now, 'Yeh mera hathiyaar
hai. Tumne bhaiya ka to dekha hoga na?' 'Haath laga ke dekhun?' she
asked but before I could reply she placed her hand on the bulge and
felt my erect lund. She closed her fingers around the length and held
it tight. 'Baap re! Ye to bahut kadak hai,' she said and turned
towards me. She slid her hand inside the underwear and took my
throbbing lund out from above the elastic waistband. Gripping it, she
moved her hand along the length of the shaft down pulling the foreskin
and bringing the supada (cock-head) out in the clear. She stared at
the size and shape of my lund in astonishment. 'Lala! Kahan chhupa ke
rakha tha ise itne din?' she asked. 'Yahin to tha tumhare saamne.
Magar tumne kabhi dhyaan hi nahi diya.' 'Mujhe kya pata tha tumhara
itna bada hai. Chhote bhai ka lauda bade bhai ke lauday se bada ho
sakta hai maine socha bhi nahin tha.' I was both surprised and amused
by her bindaas language when she used the word 'lauda' for the cock.
She was squeezing and pulling my lund hard in her hand. She then
pulled her petticoat above her waist and started rubbing my erect lund
between her legs. She turned towards me for better grip of my lund.
Her boobs were close to my face. I was pressing both of them together
with my hands. Suddenly she smashed her breasts in my face and said,
'inko chooso, mu me leke.' I took a mouthful of her left doodh and
sucked it hard. Released it for a moment and said, 'mai hamesha
tumhare blouse me kase tumhare mamme dekhta aur hairan hota. Unko
chhune ki tamanna karta aur choosne ki kalpana karta. Tum nahi jaanti
Bhabhi, mere lund ko kitna pareshaan kiya hai tumne.' 'Achha? To phir
aaj apni kalpana ko roop dedo. Jee bhar ke chooso aur dabao.' My
tongue could feel her hard nipple. I twirled my tongue around her
jutting nipples. Then I took her right doodh in my mouth and gave it
the same treatment. I was gripping both her mangoes in my hands and
sucking them one by one so as to squeeze all the aamras from them.
She was pulling at my lund and was snuggling close to me. She put her
left leg on my thigh and brought my lund between her legs. I could
feel some silky sensation between her legs, which was nothing but her
pubic zone. She was not wearing panties! The tip of my lund was
wandering in the jungle of pubic hair. I was loosing my patience.
'Bhabhi, mujhe kuchh ho raha hai....mai apne aape me nahi hun. Please
mujhe batao mai kya karoon?' I heard myself saying. 'Tumne kabhi kisi
ladki ko choda nahi aaj tak?' 'Nahi.' 'Itna tagda lauda leke bhi
kuchh nahi kiya? Kitne dukh ki bat hai. Shaadi tak aise hi rahna
chahte ho kya?' What could I say? I found no words and kept looking
at her. She brought her face close to mine and whispered, "apni Bhabhi
ko chodoge?" "K.kyun nahin.." I managed to say with dry throat.
She smiled seductively and releasing my lund said, "theek hai. Apni
chaddi utaar ke poore nange ho jaao." I got gown from the cot and took
my underwear off. With my lund standing erect I stood there fully nude
in front of my half nude Bhabhi. She leered at my manhood and then
pulled the string of her pettycoat to loosen it. "ise bhi utaar do!"
I tugged at her only garment and it came off as she raised her hips.
She spread her legs and I got a good view of her exposed choot
surrounded by her small 'jhaant ke baal'. I was so excited to see her
nude body glistening in the dim light, lying there showing all her
body parts like a goddess of chudaai. Then she told me to climb her.
I came on top of her. She put her arms around my shoulder and embraced
me. Our bodies met. My lund was poking her flesh, her boobs were
getting crushed under my chest and our lips met. We kissed tenderly
for the first time and then passionately. I rubbed my lips and cheeks
all over her face roughly. Moving her hands from my back and shoulder
she held my head and pushed it downwards. I brought my lips from her
lips to her chin, throat, shoulders and her boobs. I took them in my
mouth and sucked her nipples. I went on to play with them once again
nibbling, squeezing and kneading them. She rotated lower part of her
body to wriggle it out from mine. With our legs diverging from each
other she put her right hand under my body and reached for my tool.
She clutched it and started jerking it. Then with her left hand she
took my right hand and brought it between her legs. As my right hand
found her choot she rubbed it over her clit. Taking the cue from her I
started rubbing her choot as I continued sucking her doodhs. "Lala!
Ungali andar daalo na," saying so she pressed my fingers on the
opening. I forced my forefinger in the slit of her phuddi and it went
in. It was a great feeling as my finger wandered inside rubbing the
inner walls of her choot. The contracting action of her choot was
squeezing my finger and it was feeling the warmth and moistness. She
gave a loud moan as my finger hit 'choot ka daana' (clitoris). After
some time I took my finger out and again climbed on top of her body.
She opened her legs apart and taking my throbbing lund in her hand
placed its tip on the opening of her choot. The touch of her thick
pubic hair was maddening me. 'Ab, apna lauda meri bur me ghusao..
dheere se... pyaar se. Nahi to mujhe dard hoga. Aaaaaahhhhh!' I found
it difficult at first, being a novice, and tried to thrust my lund
into her tight phuddi. It hurt her a bit. But as her choot was already
wet due to my finger insertion and as she guided slowly holding my
lund in her hand, it found the opening. With one thrust the cock-head
was in. The feeling was exhilarating. Bhabhi could not get time to
change her side or move before the second thrust send the total length
of my erection inside the paradise zone of her choot. 'Uiiii maa...
oooooh... Lala, aise hi raho kuchh der. Hilna nahi.' Bhabhi was
probably in pain having a bigger and thicker lund inside her as
compared to earlier experiences. I waited with my lund fully inside
her choot. I was feeling the walls of her choot constricting the
length of my lauda. I watched her boobs protruding from her body and
pointing towards me. I reached for them and held them in my grip. As I
started squeezing her amorous milk-pots her hip started moving. 'Lala
!! Shuru karo. Mujhe chodo...' She had her hands on the sides of my
gaand and was trying to push towards and then away from her. I started
the in and out motion. Slowly first and as I got the judgement, the
pace increased. I was now fucking her like a man, with vigor and
valor. Bhabhi was also reciprocating. Writhing and gyrating under my
spell. Room was filled with her moaning, 'aaaaannnhhh aaanhh ooooooh
oooooh!!! Mar gayee re! Laaaala, chod re chod, uiiiii maaaaa' and my
grunting, 'hmm hmm hmmm, le Bhabhi le, mera lund le, aaaaaah aaaah
ooooh ooooh.'

I was equally enjoying the expressions on her face. I could see a
combination of pain and ecstasy on her face. She was taking all my
might with gritting teeth and sparkling eyes. I felt I was riding a
volcano and then all of a sudden the molten lava burst out of the
volcano mouth. She encircled me in her open arms and clung to me very
tightly, squeezing me with her maximum force as we climaxed. I felt my
lund exploding and filling her choot with my cum. We were both
exhausted and tired. 'Uff Lala, tumne to kamaal kar diya,' she
whispered in my ear. 'Kamaal to aapne kiya hai Bhabhi. Aapke
protsahan se hi mai ye kaam kar saka.' And I kissed her on her hot
vibrating lips.

We lay close and face to face. Her warm breath I could feel on my
face. She was fondling my lund and the hanging andve (balls) below it.
I inserted my finger in her choot and started stroking its inner
walls. I was also sucking her nipples one by one. Soon we were hot
again and ready to fuck. I mounted her once more and started the act
of chudaai for the second time, That night we hardly slept. We fucked
as many as three times and were very tired and feeling lethargic in
the morning when I heard the alarm of my table time-piece. It was six
o'clock in the morning. She looked at me, smiled and planted burning
kiss on my lips and bit them a little. Then she asked me to sit on the
table before she opened the door. I obeyed. She left the room and got
herself busy in the daily chores with a beaming and satisfied face.
This is going on till she went abroad.





