It had been weeks since my first time with a man. Part of me thought my out- of-control desires and cravings for cock (and men in general) would settle down after this first encounter. At the very least, I thought they might 'normalize' to more manageable levels.
They hadn't. I was now craving cock more than ever. Thoughts of older men filled my every-waking moment. I had obtained an insatiable need for cum. I needed more.
John had ensured I had a perfect first time; but he returned interstate after our encounter. We kept in touch, often reminiscing about our time together.
"You were such a sexy slut for me" he would say. "We need to keep the cum flowing inside that ass until my return."
John was eager for me to expand on my experiences with him. He knew how much I needed cock.
"That ass of yours was made for taking cock" he explained. "Older men will be lining up to have their way with you now."
He was right about the first bit. My ass really was made for taking cock. This had somehow become my mission in life. John was incorrect with the latter though -- men weren't lining up to have their way with me (yet).
 _Damn the small-town vibe of where I lived._
It was true. I didn't live in a city with a large population. It had an even smaller gay population. These factors were the driving reasons behind the fact that Alex, was not from around here. He was German, and traveling around my country - it seemed popular with his fellow countrymen.
We met online in the same chatroom I had met John. He was older than John, and recently had his 60th birthday. When I sent John a link to his profile, it made him somewhat self-conscious due to the fact Alex was incredibly fit and in good-shape (more so than he).
"He's the Daddy for you" John remarked.
Alex was much taller than myself -- at well over 6 foot. He was tanned and took pride in his fitness, due to his hobby of hiking. The pictures he sent of the Bavarian Alps were breathtaking -- though perhaps not as breathtaking as his cock.
The picture he sent of his cock showed a manly 7-8 inches and low-hanging balls. He was cut, and his cock looked like it was ready to burst in that photo. I suddenly realized my mouth had been watering just admiring it.
I needed it.
Alex was going to be in my town at the end of his journey -- he wanted a final night to remember. I wanted him to be enjoying himself in more than just my town!
We had arranged to meet up at a local café and I was already overcome with nervous (and rather horny) anticipation.
I arrived early and ordered a latte. I became paranoid my early arrival would give away just how eager I was for that 8-inch cock of his.
My latte arrived, I crossed my legs and took a sip. I hadn't been sitting long before I noticed a handsome older man walking towards me with a smile. It was Alex.
I was immediately taken aback by his slight German accent. It was sexy. He spoke perfect English, and spoke with an assertiveness and authority I found a serious turn-on.
I couldn't keep my eyes off his masculine jawline. I felt his eyes looking me up and down as we talked, as if sizing up his prey.
"So, have you been with many men?" he asked. I felt like he was sizing up my experience and expertise. I hesitated, before simply telling him the truth.
"Just one." I explained, sipping my coffee. "A few weeks ago. Just after my 18th birthday. So, I guess you could say I'm tight and fresh."
He laughed out loud.
 _God, he even had a sexy laugh._
"Well aren't you an eager young thing" he beamed.
"Yes, I guess you could say I am. Is it any wonder? That picture you sent me -- damn".
I couldn't help bite my lip a little as I recalled how his cock looked. Alex was bringing out my playful side. I liked the effect he had on me.
"You're cute" reflected Alex, his eyes analyzing my body up and down. "Let's see some ID."
"I'm 18" I reassured him, smiling as I pulled out my ID.
He held it up, as he compared it to me in front of him.
"Ah, yes. I see" he laughed. "It seems your birthday was the same week as mine. Just 42 years later" he smiled, handing it back to me. His hand briefly paused on mine as he placed the ID in my palm.
We talked further -- mainly about his recent travels, his passion for hiking and fitness, and about my lack of experience when it came to men. He reassured me that he would be gentle, but a mischievous glint in his eye left me wondering about a possible alternative. Either way, I was ready. I needed him. He had wooed me with his masculinity and playfulness, and the words of John echoed in my head: _"That ass of yours was made for taking cock. He's the Daddy for you."_

Alex's accommodation was posh. I had never been in a place like it. The penthouse suite of a hotel in the historic district of town. I walked up to the ceiling to floor windows and admired the view of the harbor. I could sense movement behind me and felt Alex's hand on my shoulder.
"It's a beautiful view" he reflected, gently squeezing my shoulder.
"Yes, it is. I'm lucky to live in such a beautiful place."
Alex laughed.
"Well, yes. But I wasn't referring to the harbor."
I blushed and slowly turned around to see him smiling. This German man was making me melt and my heart beat harder. He could sense this. He could read me so well and it both terrified and excited me.
He placed his large, masculine hand on my face, gently tilting my head back. I closed my eyes.
His lips found mine, as he teasingly sucked my lower lip. My heart thumped even harder as we kissed, and I didn't even realize I let out a slight whimper. I thought it was silent.
Alex responded by placing a hand on my ass, grabbing a cheek firmly and kissing more passionately.
 _God, I can't take much more of this. I need him!_
Alex sensed my growing desperation and desire for him. He pulled back and smiled.
"Wait here. I won't be a minute."
He disappeared off into the bathroom. I assumed he was going to get a condom. I took the moment to immediately strip, my clothes landing haphazardly on the floor. My smooth bare ass now faced the window as I walked to the bed, positioned in the middle of the room.
I smiled as excitement washed over me, and felt a little naughty at the possibility of someone seeing me naked in the window moments earlier.
I climbed onto our bed and assumed my position, on all fours, just like John had taught me in our first encounter weeks prior. I was completely naked. Exposed. Awaiting just my second man to have his way with me.
Alex appeared in the bathroom doorway. He was completely naked and incredibly hard. His cock looked even bigger in person. I felt a mixture of nerves and desire taking hold. I had never taken a cock that big before.
Alex's body was surprisingly as smooth as mine. I wasn't anticipating this. His cock was completely shaved, and the rest of his body appeared naturally smooth.
 _God, was that a little pre-cum on the tip of his cock?_
I assumed his smooth appearance was due to his nudist lifestyle back in Germany. His full-body tan was also testament to that and his love for the outdoors. His big, broad shoulders hung there. I immediately began imagining my legs placed over them.
Alex held his cock in hand and smiled.
"Good boy. I like an eager boy. Already in position for me. Good."
"What were you doing in there?" I queried, biting my lip at his words and his imposing, naked presence. "I thought you were getting a condom."
He laughed.
"Oh, no condom for an ass that beautiful. It would be tragic not to breed that."
His hand came down on my left ass cheek. He was admiring what was his. His hand then spanked my right ass cheek, this time more firmly.
"No condom. But I thought we would use this."
He proudly held up a rainbow butt plug, as if he were presenting me with a prize.
I felt him sensing my inexperience with toys, but also appreciating my eagerness to be up for anything. He reassured me.
"This is just to help keep the Daddy cum inside you" he explained. "I want my load to stay inside you, soak into you, become part of you. It's how love is."
I blushed. All this talk about cum and love made my heart beat faster and my tight little asshole twitch.
He pointed at me and flashed that seductive smile of his, before pointing at his erect cock.
I knew what to do. Alex didn't have to say anything. I crawled over to him, until I was at the edge of the bed, and kissed his hard cock. I lingered there a moment, just breathing in his masculinity and the scent of 42 years more experience.
I kissed his cock again, and again. Slowly, but surely, I placed my lips along the shaft of his cock, before it just slipped inside my mouth.
Alex let out a gasp.
His cock slid down my throat so effortlessly, as if my throat had been perfectly made for the occasion. I felt Alex's hand resting on the back of my head, and took this as a sign of encouragement to suck a little harder.
I cupped his smooth balls in my right hand, as my head slowly started bobbing up and down, taking Alex's cock deep into my mouth. My saliva was coating the length of his cock, as he gripped my head a little firmer and gently fucked my face.
"You're such a good boy" he critiqued, in between his low moans. "Daddy's perfect little cocksucker. This is already worth the airfare."
I looked up at him, thanking him with my young eyes and seeing that German smile plastered across his face.
I began massaging his balls more firmly as I slurped up his cock. Drips of pre-cum were coating my tongue, and the taste just increased my enthusiasm and speed with sucking him.
Alex pulled my head back and pointed at his lips, in much the same way he initially pointed at his cock.
I sat up on the bed, and felt his lips kiss mine. The kiss was more passionate than the one by the window, and I instantly felt his tongue darting into my mouth. His tongue probed my mouth for remnants of his sweet pre-cum, while his strong hand grabbed my ass cheek.
I had clearly worked Alex into another level of lust. His breathing was harder than before.
"Turn around" he gestured to the bed.
I felt him assist me, as if man-handling me into position. The position which he would finally have his way with me.
I waited on my hands and knees. I was already moaning internally at the thought of what was to come. I knew he was standing there admiring my tight pink hole. I flexed it for him, as if begging him to hurry up.
"Mmmmm"
I immediately let out a gasp as I felt the warm sensation of his tongue hitting my asshole. My hole immediately opened a little, as if excited to finally receive what it craved. Alex's firm hands spread my cheeks apart and I felt his tongue sliding deep inside.
"Oh god, Alex!"
All I could manage were pathetic little gasps as I felt his tongue probing me. He teasingly flicked the outside of my asshole, bringing me to the point of insanity, before diving inside. He paused briefly to slap my ass.
"We need to get this young ass ready" he said. His voice sounded deeper and more in command.
"Oh, I'm always ready for you Daddy."
He laughed and spanked my bare ass again.
The cold sensation of KY jelly started to be rubbed into my already wet hole.
"Oh, Alex."
He slid one of his longer, masculine fingers inside me, taking the lube with it.
"I need you. Inside me. Please. Now." My ability to form coherent sentences had left me, and in its place my desire for his cock and cum had completely taken over my being.
He spanked my ass firmly in response, seemingly inflicting a little punishment due to the fact I had started begging.
I felt his other hand grip my balls, firmly caressing them from behind, pulling them down in a milking-like action.
I moaned, as my hard cock flopped backwards between my legs. Alex continued his milking action, before spitting on his hand and rubbing his own cock, coating it in saliva.
I felt the head of his hard cock pressing against my tight pucker hole. I couldn't help but moan and feel my asshole trying to open up to accommodate his throbbing head.
"Please" I begged.
He slapped my ass harder this time as he slowly slid inside my tight ass.
"Oh god" I pathetically muttered.
Alex gasped.
"Good boy."
Both his hands were on my waist, pulling me onto his cock as he slid deep inside.
I felt his smooth, low-hanging balls bounce against my own hairless balls as he started to fuck me.
"So tight" he groaned, as his cock stretched my tight ass.
I hadn't been stretched like this before. It hurt a little, but I knew I needed it. His cock made my ass feel so full, so at capacity.
I moaned as the slapping sound of his balls on mine became louder, firmer and faster.
"Oh god yes, boy!"
Alex was moaning louder as my tight ass gripped his cock. I could feel his cock throbbing more forcefully inside me and his breathing become faster.
His big German cock suddenly slipped out of my ass, causing my ass to twitch in pleasure and dribble a mixture of pre-cum and lube down to my balls.
 _Had he cum already?_
"Turn around, boy" Alex commanded.
He was holding his throbbing wet cock out for me to suck. I eagerly obeyed and immediately took it into my mouth. His cock tasted sweet and wet in my mouth. A mixture of pre-cum, lube and my sweet ass juices flowed over my tongue.
My head bobbed up and down, slurping, gulping and taking him deep down my throat once more.
He pulled his cock out of my dripping mouth and playfully slapped my face with it.
I giggled, smiling as I looked up to him. I needed that cum of his. My tight asshole was still dripping with lube and our juices.
I lay back on the bed, maintaining eye contact with him, as I spread my legs. I was now presenting my tight, pink, smooth asshole to Alex. I needed him to properly make it his and feed it the cum it so craved.
"Mmmmm" groaned Alex, immediately maneuvering his large frame above my younger petite body.
His throbbing cock slipped in so easily again, it was like it had come home to a place it belonged. Deep inside me.
We shared heartfelt kisses, our tongues darting into each other's mouths once more -- but this time, my ass was lovingly squeezing his cock too.
"Oh Alex" I moaned in between kisses. "Yes."
His rhythm had quickened and my legs had automatically wrapped themselves around his waist, causing him to slide even deeper inside me. Our sweaty bodies were pressed tightly together, completely making us one.
Alex's thrusting was getting stronger and I felt him biting my neck, along with my earlobe. Each thrust seemed to make him fuck me in a more primal way.
"Are you read for your prize, boy?" he whispered in my ear.
"God yes, Daddy. I need it. I need your cum."
Alex began moaning louder, as I dug my fingernails into his back, losing all control over my own pleasure.
"Here it comes, boy!"
Alex's firm body stiffened abruptly, and his thrusts became long and forceful. He was flooding me with cum.
"Oh, Alex!" I moaned, biting my lip.
I could feel my tight asshole flooding with the warmth of his Daddy cum. Strings of warm, sticky cum were shooting deep inside me and the pleasurable realization of this caused my eyes to roll to the back of my head.
Alex was breathing heavily, catching his breath, occasionally delivering one slow thrust inside me.
"Yes, Daddy. Every last drop, please" I whispered, in-between breaths.
I closed my eyes, smiling and savoring the moment, knowing I was filled with Alex's seed.
I felt his lips on mine, softly kissing me, before he slowly pulled out of me and reached beside us.
"Quick! We have no time to lose!" he laughed, as he grabbed the rainbow butt plug and slid it between my legs. My freshly fucked hole was already gaping at the removal of Alex's cock, and it swallowed the plug up instantly.
I moaned, and sighed in pleasure, unable to prevent a giggle slipping from my mouth.
Alex looked pleased with himself, casually admiring my body, my freshly fucked (and now plugged) hole. His hole.
"It looks good on you" he commented, observing the rainbow butt plug filling my tight hole.
"Thank you" I blushed.
"Very gay" he observed, smiling. "It will keep the cum inside you. Make part of me, become part of you. Maybe, it will even turn you into a man?"
"No, I'll always be your boy", I replied, smiling, before kissing his lips with the same passion we had just fucked with.
I felt Alex slip a hand between my legs, feeling the plug deep inside me. He looked satisfied.
"You're more flooded than the Rhine."
We laughed.