Training of a cum slut.

Chapter 5.

All weekend, Karen relived the experience of Friday night, saying how thrilling it was to be used by so many different men and she swore she must have had at least two gallons of cum deposited on her face. She even commented that she thought her skin felt softer and much better for the cold cream put there by so many different cocks.

She still could not believe she had sucked twenty five men in one night and just the thought of that alone kept her feeling horny all weekend... She confided that Carol was absolutely jealous when she told her the details, so much so that Carol had begged Karen for information as to where the bikers met. Karen admitted she could not say as she only knew it was somewhere in Epping Forest, as the Forest covered 148 acres of land then it could have been anywhere. Finally she had promised to ask me and to pass on the information later. I refused to divulge the info.

Karen had started to settle down again by Wednesday; I had received several phone calls from Carol asking me directly to let her know where and when she could meet these bikers and be the centre of attention. I would only say We will see!

By Friday night, I could tell Karen was on edge; when pressed for why she admitted she was eager to experience something special again. I told her that on Sunday night she would have her wish granted but refused to elaborate any further. Despite her protestations all week end; I refused to let on.

Sunday night I told Karen to go put on something that she could slip off real easy; but reminded her no underwear. She chose a white blouse and simple black skirt.

We got in the car and drove to Tottenham Court Road; where we walked towards Londons famous Soho. I could tell Karen was becoming excited and she kept up a constant chatter about how she was looking forward to whatever I had planned for her.

We turned into Soho Square and walked amongst the sex shops; I pulled Karen to me and said You are to undo several buttons on your blouse then go in that sex shop there and browse the vibrators. Whilst doing so you will make sure to flash the men inside with your tits, your cunt and arse! Then you will pick up a large sized vibrator fondle it and then move towards the cash point before saying I wonder if this will fit

Karen meekly nodded as she began undoing the buttons on her blouse; she turned and trotted off into the shop. I slipped in to observe her; she nervously made her way past the magazines and paused by the DVDs before continuing to the vibrators. She glanced around the shop and noticed only six males in the place. She made a point of pretending to drop something and bending over at the waist she looked like she was searching for whatever she dropped. The guys moved into a better viewing position with two seeing right down her top and the rest grabbing a quick peek at her naked arse and cunt.

She then moved on again and began handling the different sized vibrators casually glancing around her; Karen must have been aware of all the eyes on her as she began simulating wanking the vibrator in her hands. Eventually she selected a large black vibrator about 15 inches in length and a good 5 inches round; walking to the cash desk she breathless said I wonder if this will fit me just right! 

The guy behind the counter advised If you want to try it before you but it there are private video booths upstairs! 

Could I Karen hissed.

Yes but do me a favour put this condom on it before you do that way I can repackage it if it is not suitable he replied. He handed her a condom and asked her for 5.00 stating that she would need tokens for the video booth as it was a rule of the shop that the videos had to be fed whilst the room was occupied. 

I carefully slipped upstairs and waited in the corridor between the rows of video booths; Karen then came up the stairs making sure every one saw she was wearing no underwear as she climbed the stairs. I grabbed her hand and slipped in to the third booth along on the right. She immediately turned and dropped two tokens in the slot and selected a video to watch. 

She began to unwrap the Vibrator until I stopped her and explained that she was to buy this vibrator and could try it out later at home. She looked puzzled until I pointed out the glory holes in the side walls of the booth. Intrigued she asked what they were for; I replied just watch, I began to feel her up under her skirt and then slipped the zip and lowered her skirt to the floor; with two fingers now playing with her cunt, a large circumcised penis was pushed through the hole to her left. 

I pointed to the hole and her eyes lit up; she then knelt in front of this prick and began sucking it; I chuckled thinking of the image of a guy the other side of the wall humping the wall and how comical it would look from his side. She worked hard on the cock and was soon rewarded with a mouthful of sperm; she rolled this around her mouth before opening her mouth in my direction to show me the full amount she had caught in her mouth, then she swallowed every last drop. Just the a hand felt her arse, she shot a look over to her right to see an arm through that glory hole and trying to feel for her cunt. I instructed her to slap the hand and it was quickly withdrawn. 

Soon a Smaller cock replaced the arm and again she looked at me; I told her to suck it but this time she was to accept its load on her face. As she bent forward I undid the remaining buttons and removed her blouse. I noticed her arse was close to the opposite wall and I saw a hand begin feeling between her legs.

The hand was soon replaced bay a large black prick, I pushed Karen to one side so the cock missed its intended target and I placed my face close to the wall and said in a loud voice, you will get nothing if you take fucking liberties! A muffled voice from the other side of the wall said sorry man! Karen was by now taking a second load which this time was all over her face. She turned round and saw the large black cock; I nodded and she sucked off this one as well, his load joining the first load on her face. 

I told her not to do anything else till I returned and she should lock the door until I returned. I slipped out of the room and purchased a leather face mask that that had press stud panels to cover the eye sockets and mouth area. I knocked on the door and Karen slipped the latch, I saw two more guys talking to Karen through the glory holes begging for a blow job. I told them they had missed their chance and ordered Karen to dress after cleaning her face on the inside of the blouse.

Reluctantly she dressed. We slipped from the video booth and down the stairs; she went up to the cash desk and purchased the vibrator, thanking the guy for the thrill of testing it upstairs. I exchanged the remaining tokens back into cash, and then left the store. As we walked on two of the guys also left the adult store and began to walk slowly behind us.  Karen became alarmed at this but as we stopped to ask directions from a police officer the two men took off.

We continued to walk around Soho with the cum now beginning to dry on the front of her blouse. We came upon an adult cinema; we entered and paid our entry fee; passing through a curtain we came upon a small hallway with several doors on one wall. Outside each door was a flyer advertising the film showing inside. I then produced the Mask I had purchased; I quickly put it on Karen and opened the eye holes and the mouth cover. Once I had adjusted it I led her through a door that showed a gang bangs film. 

Inside the room was larger than I anticipated with some 10 seats across and 15 rows forward. There was some ten or so people sat in the auditorium, but the back row was empty; I guided Karen into the back row and moved four seats in; Karen complained that the mask was obscuring her view of the screen and it was like looking through horn rimmed glasses. I quickly told her not to worry because soon I was going to put the eye patches back in place. 

I then instructed her to remove her blouse and her skirt; I told her she was not to refuse anything asked of her: I then closed the eyelet covers and kissed her. I then fastened her hands behind her back. I then slipped away and moved down to the three guys in the rows in front; pointing back towards Karen I invited them to enjoy themselves adding that she was ordered to refuse them nothing. Quickly they moved up to the back row, Where Karen was sitting; they heard her say Master, I feel so horny waiting to see what happens! The first guy suddenly ducked down and began sucking her tits; I thought if he only knew what had been over her tits. The second unzipped his prick and fed it into the mouth opening. The third climb between her legs and began to lick her cunt.

Karen was soon moaning her pleasure as other men saw the live action and began to crowd round her. Soon she was pulled from her seat and led to the side aisle, where one guy laid down on the carpet, Karen was then lowered on to his prick, and another inserted his prick in to her arse and a third began fucking her mouth. Two other began feeling her tits.

She took all comers on with great relish and delighted in proving her talents; she later confessed she felt so natural when she had her three holes filled with cocks and loved every minute of the fun. 

When we arrived home; Karen confessed to having taken seven cocks up her cunt, the same up her arse and eight in her mouth; swallowing all the cum in her mouth.

Karen was much too excited to sleep after her exploits and chose to phone Carol; delighting in telling her all about her fun tonight, she ended up using her new vibrator as she spoke to carol on the phone.

I told her I was off to bed; and I would see her when she came up.
