The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any
other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, except
may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 24

Christmas Eve 

My cock was buried to the hilt in Andy's hot, dripping pussy. She was on top, where she had
ridden me to a magnificent climax.  She had thrown her hair forward, arranging it around us like a
small tent covering our heads.  The sunlight filtered through her golden hair into the small world
she created just for us.  Her big, blue eyes were soft, loving. She was leaning on her elbows,
allowing her nipples and breasts to rest on my chest.  Slowly, she lowered her head to kiss me.

It was so private, so intimate, coupled like that, the world blocked out. I truly felt at one with her,
as if I had never been complete.  

"I love you so, David. All I want from this life is to make you happy."   She squeezed my cock
with her pussy for emphasis. 

"And, I love you, Andy.  More than you realize."

We began to move again, slowly accelerating.  I could feel her sweat dropping on my face and
chest, feel her legs tight around my sides.  I pulled her down to suck her nipples, licking the salt
from her areola. Faster and faster she moved, gasping, talking to me in those delightful English
tones.  Sweet nothings meaning so much.  Endearments gone in an instant to last forever. 

"David, David, oh, David," she groaned as she arched her back, flipping her hair away.  It was the
first time she had called my name during sex in some time.  I liked it.  I let myself go.  Fulfilled,
she lay on me, stretching her legs back and together to rest them.  I softened in her as her head lay
beside mine, her breathing slow in my ear. 

"Do you two want some lunch?"  

Mary was standing at the door.  I patted the bed beside me. Gracefully, Mary lay by us. Andy's
face was towards her, but her hair covered her eyes.  Mary pushed Andy's hair back to reveal her
face.

"I love him, Mom."

"I know, baby.  I love him, too."

I felt Andy tense.  She lifted her head, propping up on an elbow. Her eyes blazed and her jaw was
set.

"Nobody loves him like I do."

"I know that, too, baby, and, so does he."

Mary had made a huge pot of a thick beef, barley and vegetable stew, brimming with goodness
and energy.  She served it with a hearty European style bread she had purchased at the local
bakery. My parents, Abby and Betty had eaten and gone skiing. 

"I tried to wake Cathy. She has been asleep almost sixteen hours now.  I think you need to go
check her," Mary said after I finished my second bowl.  

Cathy was on her back, snoring lightly, arms splayed.  I sat beside her.  She looked so young and
innocent.   "Cathy, wake up," I said as I gently shook her. She turned on her side.  Mary handed
me an ice cube.  I put it at the base of Cathy's skull, rubbing it back and forth.  She started to
come around. 

Cathy was groggy, but rested, very calm.  We talked for almost an hour before I let her go eat. 
During that time, I put her into her trance once to see what response I would get.  Andy helped
Cathy dress and took her into the kitchen to feed her.  Mary and I went back to my bedroom. 

I lay back on the bed, pulling Mary down on top of me.

"You horny already?" she laughed.

"No. I just want to hold you."

"She means it you know.  She is desperately in love with you."

I did not answer.

"So am I, but not like Andy.  I will always be here for you, but Andy loves you like I loved Bert."

I was very angry at Bert right now.  I believed he had made my sister a nymphomaniac.

"Why did he do it, Mary?  Why did he hurt Cathy like that?"

Mary got up, locked the door, and told me to sit in the arm chair next to the dresser.  She knelt
between my legs.  I knew a message was coming from Uncle Bert.

"Davy, hi. Well, I really do not know what is going on with you but I guess you are angry at me
right now. That is the only way this message could be accessed, if you were angry over Cathy. 
Please listen to me.  I love, I mean, I loved women, all women. I have had sex with over 3,000 of
them from fourteen to eighty-one.  Everyone was wonderful.  I have never hurt a woman.  I
should explain that.  I do not count putting them in bondage or whipping them or having them
pierced or fucking them long and hard in all three holes as hurting. Even when they cried and
begged for me to stop, we both knew they were enjoying themselves. 

Out of all those women there was only one I programmed to have less sex, to be less sensual. 
Cathy.  She is the most sexual woman I ever met.  I even wondered if she was my child because
her sex drive is as strong as mine is. 

I first had Cathy when she was fourteen.  I took her virginity then. I really had no choice.  It was
when I was visiting your family in Boston, when Charles was a fellow at Harvard.  Everyone was
gone for some reason leaving Cathy and me alone in the house.  I was napping in that small back
bedroom when I felt a physical force, like someone poking me with a finger. My cock got rock
hard.  I looked around and I was alone. 

The force got stronger and my cock got harder.  I slipped off my pants to beat off since I needed
relief more than I could remember in a long time. I had just laid back down and grabbed my cock
when the door opened.  It was Cathy.  She was wearing a robe. I was frozen, not even letting go
of my cock, as she walked towards me.  She let the robe slip to the floor.

She was naked.  Even at fourteen, Cathy had a magnificent body. She pushed my hand away and
lowered her lips to my cock.  Good lord, can that woman suck cock!   When she was ready, she
mounted me. 

Speaking for the first time, she said, "This is my first time, Uncle Bert. Be still for me."  She
lodged the head of my cock between her lower lips, inching downward until I felt her hymen
against my cock tip.  I saw a steely look come in her eyes. She jammed down hard.  Her virginity
was gone.  We fucked until neither of us could walk. 

I told your parents I had the flu when they came in that night.  I could not get out of bed. Even
then, she was probably the best fuck I ever had except for Mary.  

Cathy and I fucked many times after that.  And, we talked.  She confided in me.  She was fucking
every guy she could find. Davy, she was even doing it for money, getting paid by several man in
LA.  I never wanted my niece to be a whore so I programmed her to reduce her sex drive, to be
more discreet and discerning.  It did not work.  It may have reduced her sexual encounters, but it
appears the encounters she has are more powerful and lasted longer.  Sort of binge fucking, if that
makes sense. 

But, I think I have figured it out.  I think she is reacting to the programming the reverse of how she
is programmed.  Think of attention deficit disorder children.  They are given a stimulant to make
them calm.  I think Cathy needs to be programmed to fuck more in order to reduce her fucking, as
strange as that sounds. 

One problem. I have only a little formula left. By now, that has been given to you by Andy. So, I
cannot reprogram Cathy.  

You need to find the formula, Davy, so Cathy can be reprogrammed.  If she is not, I am afraid
something terrible will happen to her. 

I would never hurt her intentionally, Davy.  I never hurt anyone.  Remember, I was a lover, not a
fighter.

Good luck, and I love you."

Mary's head dropped to her chest as it always did after a message from Uncle Bert. She was
exhausted as I helped her into bed and covered her over. She was asleep before I left the room.

I was stunned.  And, for the first time since I got that first message from Andy, I was truly
energized to find the formula.  I needed to do it for Cathy if for no one else. 

I joined Andy and Cathy in the dining room, having a small snack of stew and bread with some
cheddar cheese, two Diet Cokes, potato chips and a piece of pie.  The pie was cherry, made by
Andy, who was taking pride in her cooking. 

Cathy looked anything but sexual.  She looked tired but happy, and at peace.  I wondered how
long it would last.  The two kittens were becoming fast friends.  As I looked at them together, they
seemed more like sisters than Cathy did to the twins. Uncle Bert had wondered if Cathy was his
child.  

Now, it occurred to me Andy might be his child, making her Cathy's half-sister.  On, no.  That
would make her my half-sister, too!  

I was contemplating what that would do to my life when the door opened.  It was Mom, Dad and
the twins, back from skiing.  They were exhilarated and tired, ready for a break, before trying one
last run for the day. Mom's face was red with that cold and sun burned look people get when then
ski.  Also, there was a look in her eye.  Nervously, she took Dad's hand to lead him to the back. 

"What is with Mom?" I asked.  The twins gave each other that look again.

"I think Mom's nipple rings got cold. That made her nipples erect."  We all started to laugh.  Betty
did not have to explain the rest of it. 

The twins wanted to rest and Cathy said she would prefer just laying around the house in her robe.
Andy and I dressed and headed for the slopes for a run or two before night fall.  We were standing
in line behind a family from Chicago: husband, wife and three teenagers. Everyone was having a
good time and talking about Christmas which was just a few hours away.  Like I said, I love festive
crowds. 

The wife looked at us together and asked, "When did you two get married?"

"Oh, we are not married.  We are not even engaged," Andy answered.  

Then, she looked at me.   Every man out there who has ever been married, been engaged, or had a
real serious sweetheart, knows the look I am talking about because you have gotten it from your
woman.  And, all you woman know what I mean because you have given that look. 

It scared me to death and melted my heart at the same time. I did not know what to say.  That was
all right with Andy, in a way.  She knew how I felt about her.  Still . . .   Fortunately, the woman's
kids broke in and I was rescued before I had to answer. 

When we finished the first run, we saw Abby and Betty, who were back out for their last run of
the day.  They had picked up two boys about my age.  We visited in line, learning they were
college buddies from Ole Miss up for the holidays. My guess was those good old boys would be
fucking my sisters before the day was over.  That was all right with me. Abby and Betty deserved
to have fun, too.

After the last run, we all went back to the house. The guys, Chet and Jason, joined us. Cathy had
dressed by then, wearing ski skins borrowed from Andy. With Mom, Mary, Abby, Betty, Andy, 
and Cathy all dressed in form fitting clothes, we guys all thought we had fallen into heaven.

Dad had built a huge fire in the fireplace and made a bunch of egg nog.  Mom was helping Mary
in the kitchen with the big, Christmas time meal which we were having on Christmas Eve. Turkey,
potatoes, everything. You know. Just like Christmas with your family.    It was joyous.

After dinner, we adjourned to the living room.  Not too long later, Chet and Jason suggested bar
hopping, although I think they wanted to get Abby and Betty away.  We all decided to go, even
Cathy who looked tired.

It was about eleven when we got back.  Abby and Betty stayed out with their dates.  Cathy went
straight to bed as did Mom and Dad. My two favorite kittens and I curled up in front of the fire
with our egg nog, wrapped ourselves in the mink comforters and cuddled. 

"I wish Bert was here," Mary said.  I knew she missed him desperately. But, that reminded me.

"Mary, who is Andy's father?"

"Oh, I guy I met up here.  He was an orthopedic surgeon at the hospital. Funny. I have almost
forgotten what he looked like."

"Are you sure?"

She looked at me sharply, perhaps thinking I was questioning her honesty. Then, she smiled.  

"No, Andy is not your sister."

It was going to be a great Christmas.

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com


 
