Vala is breathing hard by the time Cam finishes. Her eyes are closed and she's bent over Cam's body, having to take a moment to catch her breath.

"That was..." He laughs, not even sure what to say. He rubs his hands up and down her back, still enjoying the tactile sensation of her skin underneath his fingers. "I think you might have killed me."

Vala hums and opens her eyes to look down at him. "Oh, I didn't kill you. Not yet anyways," she teases. With a stretch, Vala slides off of him and removes the condom from his cock, tying it and disposing of it quickly.

She disappears momentarily into the kitchen, pouring herself a glass of orange juice and making a sandwich. "Sex always makes me starved," she says, offering him a bite of the sandwich when she comes back.

He thinks about following her but he can't work up the energy. He lets his eyes shut and almost dozes listening to her moving around in the small adjoining kitchen. She's humming, and he wonders if she even realizes it. It's kind of off key, and somehow that's cute. Oh yeah, he definitely just got laid.

She settles beside him on the bed again when she comes back, sandwich in hand. He shakes his head at the bite of sandwich she offers but takes a big drink of her orange juice.

She shrugs and takes another bite of her sandwich. "Mm, yeah, definitely hits the spot," she mumbles, crunching down into the lettuce. It doesn't take her long to polish off her sandwich, licking the mayo off of her fingers.

Vala grins widely at Cam, sliding down until she was laying next to him. "Feel good?"

He takes a deep breath. "Yeah. Still don't know what kind of magic you worked."

He reaches out and rubs away a smear of mayo on her cheek before he leans in to kiss her.

"Sex magic," Vala replies like its simple to understand. She kisses him back eagerly, licking into his mouth and tasting the bitter from the orange juice.

Humming, she moves, stretching and laying on top of him, their tongues still tangling together.

She's so little. When he puts his hands across her sides he can feel her ribs underneath his fingers. She kisses differently than his last girlfriend, too - not harder, just more confident, like she knows what she's doing to him. It's kind of hot.

He feels the bottle she'd used earlier against his side and fumbles for it, holding it up. "I like this stuff."

Grinning, he opens it and dribbles some on his hands before setting it on the table by her bed. He tumbles them over and gets her on her stomach, smoothing his oiled hands over her back. Her hair is in the way so he brushes it aside and rubs his thumbs along the line of her shoulder blades, then digs his fingers into the muscle there, massaging. She has knots - lots of them. "When's the last time someone did this for you?"

Vala's surprised when he tips her onto her stomach and takes charge. She hadn't thought Cam was that kind of a guy, true he might be military, but he had seemed more the type to blushingly let her blaze through then to smirk and try to get one over on her.

"Mm, been awhile," she admitted, stretching out underneath him. "Stuff's strong," she warns him. "Don't use too much."

"Strong?" He makes a confused face (that she can't see). "It's just massage oil, right?"

"Mostly," she shrugs, looking over her shoulder at him. "Has some added medicinal properties in it."

"Like herbal stuff?" He keeps rubbing her shoulders, her back, soothing out the tense places. He scoots back until she's sitting just below her knees and cups her ass, squeezing. His fingers trail between the cheeks, eyes drinking her in since he can look his fill right now. Grinning he slaps her lightly on her bottom.

"Ooh look at you," Vala chuckles, turning to grin. "You're getting positively cheeky here." She laughs and shakes her ass back at him.

He grabs her ass and squeezes it again. He can smell the oil again.... smell it on her skin, and probably on the sheets. "Turn over."

She rolls and faces him and he works the oil onto her front now, leaning down to nuzzle her breast and lick at her nipple while he works it in.

"You're feeling better," she purrs, pulling him forward again to kiss him. "Making me feel good..." She continues, pressing her slick, oiled body against his and rubbing.

"Told you, you're making me feel good," he says, still suckling at her breast, mumbling around the mouthful. His hand squeezes and kneads at the other. He shifts to accommodate his growing erection. How many minutes has it been since he came? Fifteen, maybe?

He rubs back, though, groaning and raising his mouth to hers. "Okay I think now you are trying to kill me."

"Oh no, if thats what you're thinking then I'm doing it wrong," Vala whispers. Her hand begins digging in the bedside drawer once more for another condom.

He sees her reaching for the condom but he's got something else in mind first. He moves down her body, nuzzling and kissing, tasting the oil - not chemical like he'd expected, more sweet with a hint of spice. He nips along her hipbone, lets his fingers set the path by trailing between the lips of her pussy. She's so slick and wet there... he likes that, likes knowing that she isn't unaffected by him, by what they're doing.

She certainly isn't unaffected and she doesn't hesitate to let Cam know what he's doing to her. "Mm," she purrs, arching into him. Her hips push almost greedily towards his lips, Vala unable to wait to feel them on her.

He draws it out, teasing her. He kisses along her inner thigh and then switches to the other, licking while he slides two fingers into her and feels her clench impatiently around them. Grinning against her pussy, he starts to suckle at her clit while his fingers search inside of her for the places that feel best, rubbing and pressing when he feels that reaction he was looking for.

Vala is responsive, always has been. She never saw a reason to keep back any of what she was feeling. "Oh! Right there," she moans, wriggling on the bed when his fingers brush past that perfect spot inside of her. "Do that again."

He likes the direction... he's been with plenty of women who just quietly laid back and he likes that the guesswork is out of it. It gives him time to focus on what she does like.

He guides her leg over his shoulder, hands under her ass to guide her as he works his tongue around her clit and massages her g-spot from the inside out.

Vala tips her head back and mewls quietly, her hips working in time with his mouth and tongue. "Ooh, you've got a wicked tongue," she praises, panting slightly before crying out when he pushes his fingers in harder. "Obviously much naughtier than you want people to think."

He can hear her gasps and cries and feel her thighs tightening around his hand. His hands squeeze her ass, thumbs meeting at the crease of it. He massages the skin around her asshole and dips the tip of a thumb inside just to see what her reaction to that will be.

"Oh!" She gasps, her entire body going rigid momentarily from surprise before relaxing and letting go. "Very naughty indeed," she breathes, her eyes lighting up with excitement as she realises that Cam is more than she had expected in bed.

He doesn't say that he's never actually done this, just wanted to. None of his previous girlfriends... they weren't bad in bed, exactly, just not adventurous. Vala seems fearless in her explanation though, and equally unafraid to give in to where the moment takes them. The very fact that they are in bed doing this is proof of that.

He wiggles his thumb inside of her, not going very far since they don't have any lube, just letting her feel it. His mouth moves down, covers her opening and his tongue thrusts inside of her cunt as she grinds onto his face and back down against his finger.

Vala groans loudly and begins to move her entire body into him. She pushes back to feel the burn and stretch of his thumb inside of her before rocking forward and down on his face, wanting to feel him thrust his tongue deeper up inside her. Its getting her hot to think of him tasting her, licking her inside and wanting to taste more.

He holds her thighs still and fucks her with his tongue, fast and hard until it aches and he has to stop. He kisses her clit again, presses his thumb into her one more time, and then pulls back before she comes. His entire mouth and chin are damp, and he wipes them with the back of his hand as he gets to his knees between her thighs, his cock hard and jutting in front of him. He grins at her and looks to the condom in her hand. "Planning on using that, or is it just for decoration?"

"I like to wave them around, cheer men on when they're doing well," she pants, snarking back at him, her eyes flashing with mischief.

She pops the condom open and slides it down his cock fairly easily.

"See, I think this is a much better use. Fun for both parties." He's breathing hard watching her put the condom on him. Her fingers are long and pale against his flushed skin, and the condom stretches tight and goes transparent over him. He grabs her legs and yanks her down on the bed, making her cry out. She gets the picture though, hooking her legs around his waist.

He takes his cock in his hand and rubs the head of it between her legs, the condom instantly going even wetter, glistening with her juice. He holds the head between two fingers and starts to rub the shaft against her clit. She was close before, when he was going down on her, and he can tell she's still oversensitive.

"Snug fit," Vala comments, smirking and looking down at where the condom is almost too small to fit around his girth.

She goes where he pulls her, moving slightly so that she doesn't have a lump of sheets under her back before Cam is stroking and teasing at her clit and then sheets is the last thing she's able to think about. She goes slackjawed and moans loudly, her body jerking away before she shoves back greedily against him, demanding more friction from him.

He smirks back, not saying anything but pleased at that little commentary the way any man would be.

"Could you come like this?" He asks, rubbing harder against her, thrusting between her legs but not inside of her. He's just curious to know. She's so responsive, so primed and ready. His fingers presses alongside his cock, pad of it rubbing against her too, circling her clit with a more direct touch while he uses his other hand to guide the head of his cock back to where he's two seconds away from sinking inside of her.. "What about this?"

She squirms and pants, wanting more from him. "I could," she answers, nodding. "But I would be very displeased if that was all you did." She wants to feel him sinking into her and filling her up. She spent the last time riding his cock and taking her time, now she wants to feel him on top, wants to feel his strength as he pushes inside of her.

"Good answer," he says, and moves his hand away from her clit. He grips her hips and presses inside, sliding all the way in with one smooth thrust. He stays there for just a minute, "Feels so good..."

He halfway shuts his eyes and starts to move, starts to fuck her. He hadn't taken his eyes off of her last time, but this time - he's more focused on the feeling right now. Her body is gripping his, her muscles strong and her warmth mind-blowing.

Vala lets her head fall back and back arch up off the bed towards Cam. "Yesss," she hisses, pushing herself closer to him. Wrapping a leg around his hip, she works with him, letting him set the pace and rocking up into his thrusts.

He moves, changing the angle of his trunk so that he's over her instead of kneeling, coming down to hold his weight on his arms beside her head. He grasps the pillow in each hand and tries out the new position, not so deep but easier to move, making his thrusts harder with more power behind them. It also puts him within kissing distance and he turns greedily to seek out his mouth, wanting to taste her.

Vala is quick to follow the new angle. She opens her mouth to his and licks at his tongue, pushing and pressing her hips up hard into his own.

He feels her hands against his chest, her fingers curling against his shoulders. He laughs into the kiss, feeling almost giddy at how amazing this all is. Gorgeous woman, mind blowing sex... he pants and works himself harder into her, knowing how close she was before.

Vala whines and moves against him, pushing and pressing her entire body down onto him. "Cam," she whimpers, her mouth sliding off of his with every jerk and thrust of his hips.

"Yeah? You like that don't you?" He says, mouth against her cheek. He lets go of the pillow with his right hand and cups her cheek instead, runs his hand down her neck and around the back of it, fingers sinking into her hair. He kisses her hard.

"Absolutely," Vala pants, unable to come up with any sort of witty rejoinder with her mind blown with the way Cam's hips move and push against her own.

"What, not so chatty now?" he teases her. "Come on, I like hearing that voice. Tell me what's in your head right now."

"Fuuuuck," she enunciated, long and loud and as clear for him as she could make it. "That good enough for you?"

He laughs, loud and clear. "Yeah. I think that'll do."

He reaches down and starts to lick and suck at the salty, damp skin on her neck. He sucks hard, hard enough to bruise, going on instinct, that she might like that hint of pain.

Vala gasps softly, squirming underneath him before growling and bucking.

He sits back again, getting close and not wanting this to be over as fast as it was last time. He runs his hands up her torso, cups her breasts and squeezes. He's inside her but not moving anymore, waiting to see how long it will take for her to protest, knowing it won't be long. As soon as the first whine rises from her throat, he licks his thumb and starts to rub her clit with it, not stopping this time until she's coming around him.

Vala moans and jerks, her arms thrown above her head as she lets her body go. It feels so good, coming with his cock still firm and thick inside her.

He watches her come, the way her mouth goes slack and her eyes shut and she looks so blissed out and beautiful. He starts to move again before she's even really come down, working toward his own orgasm this time. He bites his bottom lip but doesn't hold anything back, loud groans escaping him.

"How many you think you can get away with tonight Cameron Mitchell?" Vala asks him, her voice unusually husky from all the hormones racing through her. "How many orgasms do you think you'll be able to have?"

That's not really a question he knows how to answer, and with most of the blood flow directed away from his brain at the moment he can't gather enough wits to respond sarcastically. "Hope to hell at least a coupe more," he says, and there's raw sincerity in his voice, because he never wants this to end.

"Oh darling, with me you'll have at least a few more rounds in you," Vala breathed, assuring him he's be going again and again tonight. She had been wanting to have her way with him for awhile and now that she finally had him, she was going to take her time and lay him out.

He turns his face toward hers, close to coming again, mouth open against her cheek and forehead pressing against her temple. He feels her fingers on his neck, somehow cool still despite their overheated bodies.

Vala smiles, her body thrumming and turned on, responding to Cam's and already craving more. She runs a hand down his back to his ass, holding and pushing him closer to her. "You can do it, let go Cam," she encourages, throwing her own head back in ecstasy and moving harder with him.

He's quieter this time, groaning but low, pushing his body into hers and stilling at the deepest point. It's not as explosive but it feels like it lasts longer, like it's never going to stop. He kisses her and rubs his thumbs over her damp hairline, pushing her thick hair away from her face. He keeps kissing her until he starts to go soft, pulling out slowly and wincing at the almost-pain of friction on his oversensitive cock.

Vala takes pity on him, dropping soft kisses over his lips and eyes as he pulls out. She can imagine what it must feel like after such an intense orgasm, she had just experienced her own.

Lending a hand, she quickly pulled the condom off and tossed it into the trash before grabbing a nearby towel to help wipe him off with. "Lay down," she whispered, noticing how his arm muscles trembled ever so slightly.

He isn't sure what he's feeling now. There's still no pain, or at least not pain that he can feel - but somehow underneath the numbness and the rush of endorphins from the sex, the dizzy pleasure of orgasm, is still something... new, and not entirely pleasant. He doesn't even notice the his arms trembling, but he does what she says and lays back, watching her the whole time.

Vala smiles at Cam and curls up next to him, a hand on his chest and petting through the soft hair on his pecs. "You're very good," she praises, smiling at him.

He practically feels like purring when she says that. He gets an arm around her, pulling her close. "Kept thinking about you, while I was gone this past week... knew I had to come see you, because every time I closed my eyes, I'd just think of you. Kept telling myself it was dumb, I don't even really know you... didn't matter."

"You thought of me?" Vala asks, both surprised and flattered. She didn't think she left such an impression on Cam that would make him think about her nonstop like that, but she certainly liked it.

"Your smile," he says, still playing with her hair. He strokes his fingers through it. It's curling slightly now, moreso than he's seen it do before. "You have the most amazing smile."

Vala cocks her head at Cam, amused but... still very flattered. That smile he hadn't been able to get out of his head slowly spreads across her lips as she watches him. "Yeah? Anything else?"

"The rest was just... fantasizing..." His fingers trail down her neck. "That part isn't hard to figure out. Pretty girl, giving me that smile... hasn't happened in a while."

"You've not..." she nods towards his cock with a small smirk. "In awhile? Really?"

He shakes his head. "Uh.. yeah. I spent some time... out of commission."

He absently reaches down and rubs his thigh, the long scar running the length of it.

His scar is something that doesn't even register in her mind its so low on her scale. "Thats interesting because a guy like you with a smirk like that," she leans up and grins at him. "Damn boy, could do a lot of damage."

He laughs, the memories of his accident and hospital stay chased away by the levity in her voice. "I could, huh? You don't seem too scared of what kind of damage I can do."

"Nah," she says, shaking her head as she slides on top of him. "You'd break hearts by just smiling and talking in that slow, southern you have but..." she leans in as if confessing a secret to him. "But you wouldn't do it on purpose. Wouldn't go around trying to break girls hearts right and left."

He slides his hands around her waist, up and down her back. She's so small, lean but powerful, he can just feel it in how she moves. "You like the slow and southern, huh? You're right, I'm not trying to break anyone's heart here. Just trying to have a good time with a pretty girl that I think might halfway like me..."

"Oh yeah? Can't say I didn't think about you while you were gone.... Especially during special circumstances," Vala agrees.

Cam actually is surprised to hear that... and her innuendo doesn't go unnoticed. "What? You mean like when you had a plate of meatloaf you needed to hand off?"

Vala snerks, lips quirking into a smirk. "You saying you want to take my meatloaf Cam Mitchell?" She asks, rocking her hips slowly against his.

He snorts. "Okay, bad metaphor. Let's go back to cherry tart... paints a better picture than meatloaf."

Vala chuckles deeply, shaking her head and making her long, thick hair swing back and forth. "I already know how much you like the cherry tart."

He reaches up and plays with her hair, wrapping the ends around his fingertips and tugging lightly while he watches her face. There's light coming in through the window and her skin seems to glow. "C'mere," he says, pulling her down while he sits up, leans back against her headboard. It's a more intimate position than her straddling him. She's in his lap now, and his arms fall around her, grasp her waist as he leans in to kiss her.

She smiles and tilts her head as she leans in and kisses him back slowly. Her body moves on top of his ever so slightly, rocking and moving into the kiss. She likes the feel of his hands on her waist, the way the callouses of his hands snag and run across her skin; its a familiar pattern, hard spots on a hand that is used to carrying a gun.

"Vala," he murmurs. He wants to kiss her again but he wants to slow down too, take his time and enjoy this. He rubs his hands down over her ass and back up all the way to her shoulders. "Nice name. Haven't heard it before. Where'd your parents get it from?"

Vala shakes her head slightly, pulling his lips into another kiss. "Mother came up with it," she replies, giving him a half truth. Trying to explain it wasn't too uncommon in her parts of the galaxy would be a bit difficult to go into.

He says her name again, distracted this time, kissing her back. "Again?" He asks, breathless, feeling almost buoyant.

Vala breaks into a huge grin and squeezes her thighs around him. "Why Cam..." She purrs, "I never thought you'd ask."