Volleyball Girls
In the 10th grade of my high school life, I had the biggest crush on this girl named Jessica who was definitely out of my league. She was athletic and on the volleyball team, with a great body. I was a pretty weak guy and I would often try to do things to impress her. My friend told me a good way to impress her was to find out what she was interested in. Shortly after, I became obsessed with getting into her backpack to see what type of stuff she had in it. 

One day, while alone in the classroom before everyone else came in I was lucky enough to spot her bag sitting right on her desk. As quietly as I could I began searching through it. For some reason she had her thong and bra in a side pocket of her bag so naturally this got my interest. Unfortunately for me, as I was checking this out she proceeded to walk into the room and catch me with her knickers in my hands. She gave me quite an earful yelling, "You perv! Get out of my stuff!!" It was truly embarrassing for me. 

I thought it had ended there but apparently she wanted to get back at me for looking through her stuff. One day as I walked home from school I was spotted by about 4 of her friends from the volleyball team who came up and circle around me. I knew something was up because they all seemed to know something I didn't. All at once they closed in on me and proceeded to tackle me. Needless to say, these girls were also damn good looking and getting tackled and felt up by them triggered a number of emotions...one being very aroused. Each of them pinned down one of my limbs and apparently with all the contact my johnson became erect. 

"Oh my god, we excited him," one really hot girl in the group exclaimed. Suddenly, I noticed Jessica had joined the group and was wildly laughing. She had a piece of rope in once hand. 

"I'll tie his legs up," one of her friends said. 

"Stop please I'm sorry about going through your stuff, leave me alone," I pleaded. This triggered more laughter. 

"What, you can't handle a girl?" one of her hot friends mocked. Before I knew it, Jessica was pinning me down single handedly and tying my helpless arms behind my back. 

"Oh my god, you're so weak, didn't you ever develop?" she laughed. "I bet I am stronger than you. You are barely even a man. Let's see exactly how much of a man you are." 

I started whimpering like a dog. "No please, let me go," I pleaded. The girls laughed in amusement. 

Jessica then took scissors out of her back pack and directed her friends to hold me down. I watched in pure terror as she cut off my shirt, pants and eventually even my boxers. So there I was pinned down stripped naked with a full erection wiggling around right in front of all of them. They all made fun of me saying I had a small dick and swatting at it. The girls then worked together to pick me up and tie me to a branch of a tree, as I swung helplessly completely naked and erect. 

"I have an idea. Lets dress him like the man that he is," one of the girls said. Almost crying from the embarrassment, I watched as Jessica opened up her back pack and started to dress me in her thong and bra. Jessica wrapped the string of the thong around my package, touching and grasping it in the process while laughing hysterically. 

“What’s the matter? Never had any hand but your own touch it before?” she taunted as she mockingly tickled and caressed my stiff johnson. She tickled it so much I though I was going to spew right there in front of everybody! Then she stopped and finished the job by putting the bra on me. 

Next thing the girls take off running away leaving me helplessly hanging from the tree for anyone passing by to see. It was the most horrible moment of my life.







