More testing, and things go awry.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 3 (mf, mfF, mF, 1st, blackmail, caution, exhib, inc, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Once again I tested my theory out, this time first thing when I got to school. Would any of the girls in my home room just suddenly pull me out of class? However, after I bound the virtual spirit, nothing happened. My experimentation was now 5 successes after 9 tries! It had to be something to do with the game, as every time it happened was right after I used it...

...or maybe it was something completely unrelated to the game after all? I kept using its Master Console whenever I was alone, and that's when these women were jumping me, so was I accidentally creating the correlation myself? Should I stop using it?

My cock was hard so I adjusted myself in my pants. I didn't want to stop using the Master Console. I didn't want to stop having sex! It was awesome! But I had to know.

At lunch I went into the gym equipment room again. I wouldn't use the app this time, I assured myself; I'd just wait to see.

10 agonizing minutes later, the door opened. A shapely form slipped in wearing tight gym strip, her back to me.

I'd recognize that hourglass figure anywhere: Lily Terpstra, a gorgeous blonde cheerleader! I couldn't believe my luck. I got up from the pile of mats and came up behind her.

As she turned she gave a start. "What--?" Then my hands were on her tits.

Then her fist was in my face. Then my body was on the floor.

"What the hell, perv!?" She was shaking her fist at me, and I saw in it...a vape pen? One of those metal ones...no wonder that punch had hurt so much.

"I...I'm sorry..." I gasped, "I thought you were here for me."

"Why would I be here for you? I didn't even know you were in here!" She looked ready to kick me with those strong, shapely legs.

I held up my hands. "Will you let me explain? You have time while you vape, right?"

I couldn't think of any lies that could have possibly made sense, so I told her the truth, sitting on a pile of mats while she towered over me, filling the air with cherry vanilla vapor. I didn't mention my sister.

She puffed out more of the sickly sweet steam. "That sounds like a whole load of bullshit, but if you were gonna lie, I wouldn't have expected something so batshit crazy. So why don't you use the app and let's see?"

I pulled out my phone. "You sure? It might make me irresistible to you or something. I'm not sure how it works. Hell, I'm only halfway sure the game is what does it."

She sat down on another pile of mats and crossed her gorgeous legs. "It's the only way I'll believe you. If it doesn't work, then I'm telling all my friends you're a crazy perv and to stay the hell away from you. Your social life will be shit."

"And that would be different how?" I replied sardonically. Then I spawned a rare balloon-like spirit and bound it. "Okay, now we wait."

After two minutes, the door opened again and a girl with a perfect tight body and skin the color of milk chocolate entered.

Lily stood up. "Tabby? What are you doing here?"

The newcomer ignored her friend and sashayed over to me. I stood up and she unfastened my jeans.

"Holy shit!" Lily muttered, covering her mouth in shock.

Soon, pretty Tabby was sucking my cock and it was heaven. I watched her head of dark curly hair bounce as her mouth engulfed my cock and then pulled back again and again. "Jesus..." I moaned.

I looked over at Lily, now sitting on another pile of mats, still in shock. She had tried to engage with Tabby a couple of times, but to my new fellating friend it was as if I was the only person in existence. I was surprisingly confident, even more turned on with Lily watching as her friend gave me oral pleasure, and that helped me get there faster.

I grabbed Tabby's head as I came. "Unhh! Yeah!" I heard the dark-skinned cheerleader swallow as I shot my sperm into her mouth. Then she got up and left.

"6 for 10," I said as I tucked my cock away.

"Huh?" Lily was next to me now, looking at my phone as I picked it up.

"Six successes after ten uses of the game's Master Console. Not great as experiments go, but I don't know why it's not working all the time." We both considered my phone.

"Just a sec..." Lily strode out of the room and came back a few minutes later. "Tabby doesn't remember what just happened. She looked at me like I was crazy when I asked her about coming in here. I wish I had thought to record it."

I thought back to when I had tried to confront my sister. She had been mad, but she'd also have gotten mad if I had inferred that she blew me when she hadn't. Amnesia? Could it be some form of hypnotism?

"I believe you," Lily said, "There's no way Tabby would have done that with...you..." She paused, suddenly careful with her words, "...and certainly not in front of me. Tabby may be a cheerleader, but she's actually really super-shy."

She grabbed my phone, pressed hers flat against it, and both chimed. She had shared her contact info with me! She looked at her screen. "Victor, next time you're going to test this, text me, okay? That was fucking hot. Actually, you leave first...I'm gonna hang back for a few minutes."

I noticed that Lily was rubbing her thighs together, and I could see her nipples poking through her bra and t-shirt. Was she going to...?

"Okay," I said, and left.

---

"Mision ackomplished," the dark-skinned cheerleader typed out to Trent. He shook his head at the state of public education these days.

---

"We need a more controlled experiment," Lily advised me as we walked home. Turned out she only lived a few blocks from me, so we could share part of the trip.

I nodded. "Makes sense." With a second person, we might be able to see how these women were getting their minds overridden. "Meet me in the gym tomorrow at lunch. In the meantime..."

I fired up the app and bound another rare as we walked. Unfortunately, nobody came up to try to jump my bones this time.

"6 out of 11," Lily said dejectedly.

---

In the late evening, I decided to go for another walk. It was ironic that I had hacked the game so that I wouldn't have to leave my home, and now here I was, going for walks in order to not have to have sex with my sister! I had already texted Lily to tell her that I was going to try again, but she said that she was busy, and for me to have fun.

After I bound my next rare, the front door of a nearby house opened and Mrs. Sandhu waved, beckoning me to approach. I knew her because she and my mom were in the same book club.

"Hey, Mrs. Sandhu," I called out as I came over.

"Hello, Victor," she replied in her light Indian accent, softened by years of living in North America, "I was wondering if you could help me with something."

I gave her slim body a glance, not wanting to be overtly sexual in case this was a false alarm and she actually needed my help. "Sure."

As I entered their house, my nose filled with the spices from their dinner. The Sandhu house always smelled so good!

As the door closed behind me, I felt slim arms come from behind to unfasten my jeans. "What--?!" I twisted to see Mrs. S's daughter unzipping me.

"You remember my daughter, Prisha," Mrs. S said as she knelt down to take my cock into her mouth.

"Oh, yeah..." I moaned. Prisha was my age (16), practically a younger clone of her mother but with more contemporary clothing, which she was now removing. Her slim but feminine figure with its flawless brown skin, as well as Mrs. S's mouth, brought my cock to full girth.

Mrs. S stopped sucking and stood up. "You should take us over the couch, here, Victor." And then she pulled down her slacks and underwear and joined her daughter as she bent over the back of their cushy sofa.

I saw two slim brown asses looking back at me, pink flesh peeking out between their moist vaginal lips. I experienced a moment of indecision, but ultimately chose the one that looked the wettest, which was Mrs. S. I pressed the head of my cock into her pinkness, smearing her moisture all over it before I pushed inside.

"Oh, yes, that is nice, Victor! Ah..."

I pulled back a bit and pressed forward again. Half of my cock slipped inside, eliciting another gasp from her. With another withdrawal and a hard thrust, I was all the way in.

"Yes! Yes! Take me!"

I did. Mrs. S's pussy was quite tight...maybe her husband didn't fuck her often?

"Where's your husband, Mrs. S?"

"Oh...oh! He sometimes works late, Victor. Please don't speak of him right now, okay? Oh..."

I looked over at Prisha, who was watching us. I figured the girl looked jealous, so I pulled out and moved over behind her. My cock was very wet from her mother's pussy, so the head slipped inside the younger woman easily, but damn, was she tight! I pulled back a bit to get a better angle, but when I pressed forward it felt like I hit a barrier and she hissed in pain.

Ah shit, another virgin! On one hand, I wanted to just ram it into Prisha, but on the other I was feeling sorry for her, remembering how I had deflowered the other girl from the day before. With just the head of my cock inside her, I reached around to play with Prisha's clit.

"Ah! Oh!" she moaned as I found it. She started to push her butt back at me, which caused my cock to press against her maidenhead again. "Ow! Oh!"

I pulled out and went back to Mrs. S, sliding in easily. As I was getting closer to my release, I saw headlights from outside flash across the walls through the front window. Mr. S was home!

I withdrew and pulled up my pants. Luckily, the couch wasn't visible from the driveway. "You two get dressed! I gotta go!" Then I ran out the back.

A few minutes later I heard Mr. S yelling. Had they not moved from the couch? Shaking my head, I ran home. After nearly getting caught by Mr. S, and tired from the mad dash home, I stayed off of the game for the rest of the night and went to bed early.

---

I woke up. Someone was on top of me! The lights were off. Whoever it was already had my hard cock inside their pussy as they fucked me.

"Gina?" I whispered.

"Yep," I heard my sister's voice in my ear.

Why was she fucking me now? I hadn't used the game since earlier that evening. Was I wrong about it being the cause, or was this because I hadn't gotten off earlier with the Sandhu women? I had been tired from running all the way home, so hadn't masturbated, and so I was really backed up. Despite just waking, I was fast approaching my release. "Oh shit...gonna cum..."

Gina redoubled her efforts upon me, gasping.

"Uhh...ohhhh..." I moaned as I started to cum.

Suddenly, the lights came on, blinding me. I closed my eyes, thrusting my hips up to achieve maximum penetration in Gina's hot, silky depths as I blew my load deep inside her. "Fuuuuccckkk..."

Then my mind started to work again. The light switch was out of reach on the wall, so who turned it on? I turned, blinking. It had been Gina, holding her phone, videoing me and...

I looked up. "MOM!?"

My mother, her pear-shaped body naked atop me, looked down at me with lust. She stroked my face. "Such a good boy..."

"Get off!" I twisted, knocking her to the side. Even as she fell I had to admire her bubbly ass. Goddamnit! Why was I such a horndog?

"Why are you recording me?" I tried to get at Gina, but she made a few screen gestures and started typing while Mom grabbed my hand to keep me from getting at my sister.

"Uploaded!" Gina said, triumphant.

"Uploaded to where?" I demanded. "What the fuck is going on?"

Gina looked at me and tilted her head. "Caught on video fucking your own mother? Now you're mine, Victor. I'll be in touch soon." And then she left.

Mom got up too, and left without saying a word, my cum running down her thighs.

Cum...shit, Mom hadn't had a boyfriend in years. She wouldn't be on any birth control! Did I just knock up my own mother? Fuck fuck fuck...

I couldn't sleep. My sister had orchestrated it all? How would she have done that? Did she have mind control powers? I tried thinking back to the other times this crazy shit had happened. At school a few times, and we both went to the same school. Had she followed me on my walks after dinner?

The times that the app hadn't worked like I expected --- at the park, or walking home with Lily -- Gina hadn't been nearby. It made some sort of sense.

What didn't make any sense was why Gina was doing this. I was her brother, and I wasn't handsome or well endowed. Why did she need leverage on me?

---

Trenton de Ruyter watched the video again. "Not a bad ass," he commented on Victor's mother's caboose. Definitely a MILF, not that Victor seemed to appreciate that, what with the incest and all, and considering that he might have just impregnated his own mother.

Still, Trent finally had something that he could hold over the boy, if Victor didn't tow the line once everything was revealed. de Ruyter would keep using cute little Gina as his mouthpiece for now.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)