Mandy's Dissolving Bikini
By Hooked6
 
Early in October of this year I had the occasion to travel back to Florida on business. I took along a good friend of mine, Mandy (not her real name). She loves the beach and the weather was terrible where we live and the forecast in Florida was hot and sunny.  
 
About a week before we were supposed to leave I saw this YouTube “how to” clip on how to make a dissolving bikini. Now Mandy and I have engaged in several pranks on each other since we’ve have been seeing each other so I thought this would be a perfect thing to try as we would be many hundred miles from home where few people are likely to recognize us. 
 
The YouTube link is below. I would encourage you to watch this BEFORE reading further so as to make my story a bit more understandable.  
 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cV0esyopY_Q 
 
I am posting my account of what happened first and then, with Mandy’s permission, I am posting a copy of the letter she wrote to her girlfriend in Canada immediately after returning home about what happened so you can get her take on what happened. Truth be told MANDY’S LETTER is WAY more interesting. I just LOVE the way she writes so don’t skip that part if you found my account boring. You’ll be sorry if you do. 
 
I must say before preceding that, again, this is a totally true story and unlike my fictional stories, things don’t always work out EXACTLY the way you envision them when you are planning things out ahead of time. You’ll see what I mean as you read along. 
 
MANDY’S DISSOLVING BIKINI 
 
It worked like a charm just like before. I went to a fabric store in and picked up two spools of Solvy stabilizing thread. You can order this off the Internet or it is available usually at most fabric and sewing type stores. (Google it) The thread is designed to be water soluble – that is it dissolves slowly in water. It is used to make size changes and because the thread dissolves it is easier to remove if the size is wrong. After the resizing is deemed perfect they use real thread to make the seams and then wash it and the dissolving thread goes away leaving a clean look.  It is PERFECT for making disappearing Bikinis though as you probably saw in the video link I sent on YouTube. 
 
Since I don’t sew at all, I got a lady friend of mine to do it. First I took all the threads from any seam I could find off. I had to use a small pair of scissors and take my time but eventually I got them all out. I gave the pieces to this older lady who sews and well basically fibbed to her saying that this was a favorite suit of a girlfriend of mine but that it had frayed at the seams and she wanted it re-sewn together. She may have known what I was up to or maybe not, but if she did she didn’t say anything. I told her to use the thread that I gave her to re-stitch the seams. 
 
It came out perfect. She was a jewel too because she did it with only a day’s notice. I offered to pay her but she refused. I’ll make it up to her some other way later. 
 
After my working day I took Mandy to dinner at what is called ChannelSide in Tampa. It is where all the cruise ships dock. They have many bars and restaurants there as well as little shops. It is right on the water so as the sun goes down, as it did when we were there, the view across the water is usually spectacular- which is why I wanted to take Mandy there for dinner. There weren’t many clouds that day so the sunset wasn’t as beautiful as it could have been but it was nice – red and yellow pastel hues growing brighter with time then turning to darker shades of the same color as the sun disappeared into darkness – all while we sat outside eating our dinner looking out across the bay. When the lights came on all the tall buildings in downtown Tampa, which is also on the water, it was really nice. I think Mandy liked it. When Mandy is really into something she gets really quiet and has this wonderful smile that I just can’t describe. It’s as if she is just overwhelmed by whatever is going on and is soaking it up and doesn’t want to spoil it by talking. What a wonderful quality! 
 
After a leisurely dinner we headed for St. Pete which is about a half hour drive across rather long bridges. St. Pete is a peninsula on a peninsula and its beaches are fabulous! Not the best in Florida but really nice. I prefer the Gulf of Mexico side to the Atlantic Ocean side of Florida on the east coast because the water is calmer – not as many huge waves, and the water is usually pretty warm all year long – even in the winter it is 10 to 15 degrees warmer than the Atlantic. Since my plan was for Mandy to swim, warm water suited things best. 
 
I had made reservations at the Don Cesar hotel right on the beach. It is a multi-story pink building and the rooms are really delightful and the lobby quite historic-looking. The staff really spoils the guests there too making them feel like royalty and Mandy surely deserves the royal treatment I think.  We walked on the beach after checking in and after walking about 2 or three miles I was getting tired. I had had a long day with lots of tedious meetings and plenty of driving. Mandy on the other hand, well, I think she could have walked on that beach all night and watched the sun come up and not missed a beat! I continued to walk with her for some time longer and then convinced her to head on back. 
 
The next day Mandy was already up. I think she was letting me sleep and I appreciated that as I was given out. When I finally did get up and showered we had breakfast outside at the hotel restaurant. The morning couldn’t have been better. It was warm with low humidity and a very gentle breeze. Megan was quiet again with that telltale smile so I know she was enjoying herself. 
 
Back in the room Mandy wanted sunscreen. Sensible girl and I had not thought of that. She made me go and buy some and had me put it on her. Well, actually she put it on me first and I really liked that so I returned the favor. 
I held my breath as she put on the bikini. First I wasn’t sure it was even going to fit. I had taken (okay borrowed without permission) a bikini from her chest of drawers and took it with me to the store to make sure I got the same size. Still I wasn’t sure if the bikini I stole (I mean borrowed) even fit her any more as I hadn’t even seen her wear it.  The good news was that it fit like a glove. She even liked the colors too. My second fear was that the stitches wouldn’t hold as she put it on but they held like a charm. The third fear was the wetness from the sun screen would cause the thread to start to dissolve for I made sure that I really rubbed it in good teasing her sensitive areas playfully to keep her interest while making sure her skin was dry.  
 
We packed up and checked out. I almost thought I screwed up when I told Mandy we weren’t swimming at the hotel. I could tell she really wanted to and was, how can I put this delicately, she was pissed that I was delaying her fun and made no secret about it. The reason I didn’t want to swim at the hotel was that the beach was way too crowded and I didn’t want Mandy to freak out after her suit failed because of all the people.  The place I wanted to take her to was a state park, Fort Desoto, and was really pretty without any development like hotels, condos or businesses for miles!  
 
When we got there Mandy was most pleased and I think agreed with me that this was a better place. She took a bunch of photos of the sand and water and then put her camera back into the truck. We walked the beach wadding in the water some distance as she looked for shells. Finally we got to the ferry boat to Egmont Key which is a bird sanctuary across the water from Fort Desoto Park. You can only get there by ferry, unless you’re a really good swimmer and there’s usually not many people there – even less than at the park. The key even has a working lighthouse which clinched it for her when she heard that. 
 
After arriving on the key I wanted to hurry up and get her in the water but SHE wanted to tour the lighthouse. Geesh, women! At first she was pissed because I was making her wait and now she wanted to wait while I wanted to swim! Go figure (playful grin!) 
 
When I finally got her in the water I knew I didn’t have much time before things unraveled – maybe 5 to 10 minutes  If Mandy was just standing in the water she’d know right away what was happening and could catch her bikini pieces, or worse yet, run back on shore while the suit was still clinging and cover up with a towel.  I was trying to think of a way to engage her to move around a lot when I spotted this large patch of seaweed floating off shore. I challenged her to a swim race and goaded her on saying that she could never beat me and that I would even give her a head start as I was so confident that I was faster. That worked too because she was really ready to race then. I yelled “go” and off she went heading towards the seaweed as I headed back to shore and onto the beach. I was hoping that all that moving around would hasten the suit to fall apart and that she would be so distracted that she wouldn’t notice. When he reached the seaweed and turned around she stopped and looked like she was mad at me for not racing. She didn’t have the expected “OMG MY SUIT IS GONE” look. I was thinking of plan B when I finally spotted the sudden change in her expression from anger to panic look and it was priceless even all the way from the shore!!! 
 
There were people on the beach too and a couple – young college kids, began talking with me as Mandy yelled out after me. I ignored her and she called again. The girl pointed out to me that my friend was trying to get my attention. I laughed and said I knew that but was ignoring her on purpose because she was naked! At first they didn’t believe me or didn’t believe I was talking about the same girl she was talking about so I pointed out Mandy to them and they both laughed. When Mandy asked for a towel they got really hysterical – they knew then that I was telling the truth. 
 
They teased her; I teased her, and in the process three more girls came up and all messed with her – especially this short-hair blonde chick. She was really getting into it! 
 
I insisted Mandy come get her own towel. Of course I was just messing with her and I never in a million years thought she would actually get out of the water and get it herself naked as she was. I figured I’d tease her just a little while longer and then go to her rescue. But she did! She actually crept closer to shore and then stood up and walked out of the water in her birthday suit!!!!! I was so proud of her as that was the bravest thing I think she has ever done!  
 
Then the blonde girl snatched the towel away just as my friend was reaching for it and began playing a game of keep the towel away from the naked slut! Those were their words not mine as I would never refer to my slutty friend as a” slut.”  (I crack me up sometimes). 
 
I let this go on for a while and I must say the view of Mandy’s nude body jumping for the towel and dashing here and there was awesome!! She had to reach for the towel and each time she did, she either exposed her boobs or her pussy to anyone who happened to be looking and I was looking pretty hard!! 
 
I was went over and finally asked the girl to give my friend back her towel, I could have gone over and picked up my towel to give to her but I was afraid they would only keep on picking on her so I wanted THEM to end it- not me. They accused Mandy of skinny dipping  so if she was brave enough to swim naked she should be brave enough to walk the beach naked. They were teasing, I think, but Mandy didn’t think so. I had to explain that it wasn’t her fault and stupidly admitted what I had done with the dissolving bikini. THAT WAS A MISTAKE! Not only did the girls not think it was funny but for the first time Mandy knew she had been set up by me – and after I had made such a point of saying we weren’t going to play on this trip!!! I was busted big time! 
 
I was worried that Mandy was pissed at me but I saw her smiling, then I realized that everyone was smiling and they were mischievous smiles too. The blonde girl took one step towards me and I knew I was in for it so I ran. A guy in the red shorts caught me and held me while the girls pantsed me. To make matters worse I was hard and they kidded me about that and for being shaved. Then this girl in the red shirt wanted to show me off to somebody named Brooke. Her boyfriend pushed me along as she kept yelling for this Brooke person. Of course that attracted a lot of attention – unwanted attention.  And more people gathered around and heard the story of what I had done and things got pretty ugly as far as insults go. 
 
To my surprise though, Mandy was still naked!!! She could have covered up. I am sure of it as her towel was on the beach, but she didn’t. Instead She followed this group around using only her hands to cover her boobs and pelvis and she wasn’t doing a very good job of that either. I think she as doing it just enough to make it look like she was trying to be modest but her hand slipped away numerous times showing what she had to the guys and girls! One girl in particular really seemed to like seeing my friend naked as all she did was look at her. 
 
Finally someone said the boat was coming back and they left us alone. I took Mandy back to our towels which mercifully were still there. My suit was gone though. I had no idea where it was. I still wanted to take Mandy to Busch Gardens back in Tampa, so I suggested that we might better leave too and we had to both ride the ferry back in just our towels. We showered at the park and got dressed and headed back to Tampa.   


MANDY’S LETTER 
 
Ashley: 
 
You knew all the time!!!!!!   I just re-read your letter before my trip and the one you sent while I was at the hotel!! You rascal you!  I’m so glad you didn’t let on. I had absolutely no clue!!! If you told me ahead of time I think it would have ruined the surprise. I LOVED IT!!!!!!  
  
K             
I’m getting ahead of myself. I promised you guys a full report so I guess I had better tell you what happened from the beginning. Some of it might seem pretty boring but maybe it will take your mind off things Ash so here goes. 
 
 
It was a quick trip. We had to drive as Tom (Hooked’s note – Tom is NOT my real name), said I waited too long to tell him I wanted to go so it was too expensive to fly so we left on Wednesday night and drove to south Georgia where we stayed the night. Pretty routine and we got up early the next morning to get to Tampa in time for his meetings.  
 
Okay, now for the good stuff (Tom wants me to hurry up as he wants to check his mail too. He said he wrote you earlier and wants to see if you wrote back). I bopped him one and told him he needed to chill     It's MY LAPTOP so he'll have to wait!!!  
   
After work we ate dinner in Tampa at a place called Channelside and then he drove us to St. Pete beach. Ash, I'm staying in this really swanky, old pink hotel. I LOVE IT!!! It’s so fancy and it is right on the beach!! I can walk right out of the lobby and I'm on the beach!!!!! It's called the Don Cesar if you want to look it up. It is supposed to be 88 degrees tomorrow so I can't wait to go for a swim. Tom bought be a swim suit too!! He said it was a surprise, a present for finishing my poetry class. Wasn't that sweet!!! I haven't tried it on yet but I think it will fit.  I didn't bring a suit cause I didn't think we'd be on the beach like we are and this being a working trip for him and all I figured we'd be in town most of the time.   
   
After Tom checks his mail we are going to take a walk on the beach before going to bed.. The beach seems to go on forever!! It's so pretty!!!!   
  
Oh I can't wait for tomorrow. I sure hope I don't get sunburned. I burn pretty easy  too. I need to get some sunscreen for sure!!! Maybe I can get Tom to rub it on ALL OVER!!!!!  Hmmmmmm, I'll work on that. Just cause he said we weren't "playing" this trip doesn't mean I can have a little fun, right? Damn I'm such a tease.  
 
Mandy 
 
 
So you are caught up now.  
 
The walk on the beach was awesome! The smell of the ocean was unbelievably good. We walked for about an hour up and down the beach side. The lights at night were really romantic and the sound of the waves lapping up on shore was nothing like I had ever heard before. I could have stayed there all night! As you guys know I haven’t traveled out of my home town except for the places Tom has taken me so this was really special for me. I always wanted to see the ocean. K                I just remembered Tom kept correcting me. It’s the Gulf of Mexico not the ocean. Well . . .  isn’t that part of the Atlantic Ocean?? Gee, maybe it isn’t, I don’t know. I just stopped writing and looked it up on a map and I can’t tell. I suck at geography so who knows? Anyway it was pretty.  
 
Tom had Friday off and we were going to spend the day together. I was so excited I was up at the crack of dawn. I saw the sun come up. Our room faced the ocean            K              the gulf and I stood on our balcony and was mesmerized by the waves.  How on earth Tom could sleep though that I’ll never know. Course he did all the driving and he did have to work so I guess he deserved to sleep.  
 
Anyways we ate breakfast outside near the pool – hell yeah they had a pool too!!! I was so glad Tom got me that swimsuit. I didn’t want to hurry through breakfast though as I was having waaaaayyy too much fun taking it all in. Btw, that fruit cup thing they did in a bowl made out of cantaloupe melon rocked and that fresh squeezed Florida orange juice was sweet!! I know it was fresh squeezed cause the guy did it right at our table!! He even asked if I wanted pulp or no pulp. I took the pulp cause that’s what Tom did and I loved it!!  I don’t know how he would have done it if I asked for no pulp. 
 
Back in the room Tom said for me to change into my swimsuit. I smiled and told him playfully that I didn’t want to burn and asked him if he’d mind putting sunscreen on me. Well he said he didn’t have any. MEN!!!!  Anyway I sweetened the deal by saying that if he would go down to the hotel store and buy some for us I’d put it on him if he’d agree to do me                    put sunscreen on I mean           Gee I WISH he’d do me that way!!!!     
  
Well that did it. He was out the door in a flash and back in no time. Yeah I had to do him first but I didn’t mind. I was sure to tease him terribly so he’d get the idea and do that to me when it was my turn. He stripped naked and he was already hard! I slowly rubbed the lotion everywhere          yep even on his cock and balls!  I was careful though not to get him off as he said we weren’t going to play this trip, still there was no harm in having a little fun was there?  
 
 
He apparently got the hint cause he took an extra long time rubbing it on me. GAWD it felt so good lying there on the bed naked getting a very sensual massage from him. I almost lost it when he did my boobs!  He made extra sure the lotion was dry to touch on my skin before he let me put my swimsuit on. The suit fit really good and I was surprised he got my size right after that dress fiasco in Chattanooga where my choices were either too big or too little. I figured he must have spent a little more time making this purchase. Fast learner, huh? We had to check out of the hotel by noon and it was getting close to that time. Tom changed into his suit and then we packed up and checked out. I was looking forward to my swim! It was like in the upper 80’s already. We haven’t had temperatures that warm back home for some time now!  
 
 
After we checked out Tom said we weren’t going to swim at the hotel. K          I was like totally confused. He said there was a better place that he wanted to take me to that was not too far away. It was a state park called Fort Desoto. He said it was named after the fort that the Spanish Explorer Hernando Desoto built like several hundred years ago, Guess What? That fort is still there!!!  The park is realty big and it’s was free to get in. The beaches ran Tom said for miles and there wasn’t a hotel or townhouse in sight. It was like really unspoiled. The beach there was really neat. They had shower facilities and places to change back into street clothes later as that was important he said cause he had someplace special to take me later that day after we were done swimming. 
 
 
We left everything in his vehicle except for two towels. We toured the fort in our swim suits and walked the beach for quite a ways. Though it was really pretty I was ready to swim but Jim said not yet! We walked to a long fishing peer and at the end was a small ferry boat that Tom said we were going to take. K   I was like all for a boat ride but I really wanted to swim! The water was this really cool emerald green and it was like calling my name  Mandy                  MANDY!!!   (NOT her real name) 
 
 
Tom could tell I was getting antsy so he pointed to this island not too far away that had a lighthouse on it. He said we were going to swim there. He called it Egmont Key          not sure if I spelled that right. It was a bird sanctuary and he said the key was only accessible by boat and that I would really like the beach there. K     I felt better and enjoyed the short ride over.  
 
 
Naturally I HAD to check out the lighthouse first. Naturally Tom gave me a hard time after I nagged him about wanting to swim. But I had never seen a lighthouse before. It wasn’t like the lighthouses I had seen in picture books but it was the only one I had ever seen up close. It was on too so I got to see the light thingy going round and round.  
 
 
Tom took me around the beach and to my surprise it was kinda crowded, not bad, but I didn’t think there would be anybody there as it was so hard to get to. I think Tom was a bit surprised too. I think he took me over there so we could get away from the people at the fort but there were several groups of college kids sunning themselves or walking the beach. It was beautiful so I could see why people liked it. I talked to a couple and they said they were from Ohio and they were on Fall break. I didn’t know colleges had fall breaks. Anyway we found a nice spot and we went for a swim. To my surprise the water was WARM! Tom said the water was always warm in the gulf. That’s why the hurricanes got so bad when they entered the Gulf because the warm water made the storms bigger or something. Anyway it was like being in a hot tub sort of. It was very refreshing. He spotted a patch of sea weed about maybe 20 yards out from shore floating on the water and challenged me to a race. Well, he didn’t have to ask me twice. I wasn’t about to let him beat me at anything. He yelled, “On your mark                    get set                       GO!” we both took off              or at least I thought we both took off. All I know is I swam out to the seaweed patch and when I turned around to head back he wasn’t anywhere around. I looked up and he was standing on the beach!  I was like all confident that he quit after he saw how fast I was swimming and had decided to give it up. Boy was I going to give him heck for that! Then as I was treading water for a moment thinking about what I was going to say to him, I felt weird! I looked down and            my top was gone!! I mean I had lost my fucking top! I couldn’t understand how that could of happened. I mean I didn’t feel the clasps coming undone. Then I saw my bottoms split apart. Yeah, spilt apart!  The whole thing just like went plooey!  I grabbed for a piece and all I got was the crotch part, the front and back just sank like a rock and disappeared! I was in shock. I yelled, and I know I YELLED “what the fuck!”  Holy shit the suit was so damn cheap it like fell apart!!! Man was I pissed. Damn cheap stuff made in China or someplace wasn’t worth the money he paid for it.  
 
 
HELLOOOOOO I suddenly realized I was like NAKED!!! Like off an island that we had to get to by a fricken boat!!!  I started to panic and wondered how in the hell I was going to get out of this. Now you gotta realize that the water was like clear green so staying under water wasn’t much help! I could see my body clearly all the way to my toes! All I could do was make a lot of waves and the bouncing light from the sun helped but not a lot. I called to Tom figuring maybe I could get him to swim out with a towel or something. At that point I didn’t care if the towel was soaking wet by the time he got to me, at least it would be some cover. I wasn’t going to yell out that I was naked but I was hoping that I could tell him to just bring me a towel without raising too much attention. I called his name again and that’s when I noticed he was laughing and pointing at me.  CRAP! It suddenly occurred to me that he somehow planned this. I didn’t know how he did it but he MUST have!   
 
 
It’s funny but at that very instant when I realized that he was in control and that he set this all up somehow, I got calm and yeah                 horny.  I mean I really really really was getting into it!  Then I saw him talking to a guy and a girl pointing at me!!! I was sure he was telling them I was stuck out there. I mean if he hadn’t set this whole thing up there would be no way he’d know I was naked like I was. Why else would he be talking to them? 
 
 
I yelled out for him to bring me a towel but he just yelled back that I was to come and get it myself. Okay, he was messing with my head again so I was going to play along. I slowly swam closer and stopped yelling again for my towel. He beckoned me with his finger to come and get it. He then pointed to it on the sand.  “TOM . . . please!” I said but I was laughing as I said it so I’m sure he didn’t take me seriously. I crept closer and my feet were now touching bottom but the water was still up to my neck. I was moving my hands like crazy to stir up the water.   
 
 
“TOM! “ I pleaded again trying not to laugh and hoping to sound pouty,   “Come on                         bring me my towel.” 
 
 
“Why?” he yelled back.  A few more girls came over to join him looking at me. Now there were 4 girls and one guy watching me and they were all smiling. 
 
 
“CAUSE” I yelled back. “I need a towel!” 
 
 
One of the girls yelled out at the top of her lungs laughing wickedly, “ARE YOU NAKED?”  
 
 
“YEAH!  ARE YOU?” another chimed in causing the guy standing there to whistle. 
 
 
“Well?” Tom called out. 
 
 
I answered back, “YES DAMN IT, now bring me a fucking towel!”  Okay, I was laughing as bad as the others because I knew he was just messing with me and any minute would wade out and hand me a towel, 
 
 
“What happened to your suit? You had one when you started swimming?” he asked. 
 
 
“I don’t know! It fell apart or something.” 
 
 
The girls laughed and one of them said, ”Yeah, right! You were skinny dippin and got caught!” 
 
 
“NO I WASN”T!”  
 
 
This went on for a few minutes with the girls messing around teasing me to come and get my towel if I wanted it that bad. Tom just stood there. 
 
 
Well, I’m gonna shock you by sayin this, but my mind like went into Wierdville and I began thinking of how cool it would be to just walk out of the water naked and just flash everybody as I got my towel. The more I thought about it, the more excited I got and the faster my heart pounded. There was only 4 girls, yeah and this one really cute guy. I looked around on the shore and although there were people not far away they all seemed preoccupied with whatever they were doing to notice what was going on with me but if the girls kept shouting at me it wouldn’t be that way for long.  
 
 
I don’t know how I did it. Even now just writing about it I’m like soaking wet!! I started walking towards shore and even stood up out of the water bold as brass when it was too shallow for it to cover me. Of course I wasn’t THAT brave not to cover the good bits with my hands as I made my way to shore but I did it nonetheless. I walked right up as they were all laughing at me and nobody was going to hand me my towel so I bent over to pick it up and that blonde bitch snatched it away just as I was about to pick it up and ran a few steps away from me holding it out taunting me to come and get it. The others were really laughing now. We girls can be so mean to our own kind sometimes, you know? Two other of the girls decided to play keep away with my towel as I tried to snatch it. Naturally I had to use one hand to try and grab it which left part of me exposed to them, and that cute guy was getting a great view of my naked ass too!.  
 
 
The cute guy must have felt sorry for me cause he started to take off his T-shirt to give to me when the other girl, his partner I’m guessing, told him to stay out of it. Like a wimp he did as he was told and pulled his shirt back down!   
 
 
After several minutes of this I playfully pleaded for Tom to help. He came over and asked the girls to give me my towel. He told them I was innocent and that he had given me a dissolving bikini made with thread that disappeared when it got wet. One of the girls ask him if he was telling the truth and he pointed to the fragment of cloth that I still was clutching in my hand and said that it had been part of my suit. Like a dummy I held it up and told them that was right cause this was all I managed to save. 
 
 
That’s when things got ugly.  
 
 
“You mean to tell me she did this to her and she didn’t know anything about it?!” the girl with the towel asked almost like she was pissed off.  
 
 
They all got like really quiet and they were looking at him and then at me then at each other. I knew Tom was going to get it before he even figured it out and I started smiling. The girl dropped the towel and took one step towards where Tom was standing and that’s all it took for him to “get the hell outta Dodge” as he always says. He took off running down the beach with all of them, the guy and his girlfriend too chasing after him. Of course I didn’t want to miss this so I ran after them as well, yeah I was still naked and trying to cover myself but I wanted to see what was going to happen. They were all laughing including Tom so I didn’t think they were going to hurt him or anything but still I wanted to see what happened next! The guy caught up with him first and grabbed him around the waist and waited for the girls to get catch up. The blonde bitch said something like, “let’s see how you like it” and reached for his waistband but Tom managed to turn away. This went on a couple of times. Tom is really strong so he somehow kept the guy from holding him still so they could pants him. I was laughing so hard it hurt! One girl somehow was able to get hold of a foot and Tom stopped fighting, probably so as not to hurt her. Anyway the Blonde yanked off his suit and, get this, the guy’s girlfriend or wife or whatever she was squealed the loudest at the fact that Tom was shaved down there. “OH MY GAWD, HE’S BALD!” she was like in hysterics. “Look at the nakey-boy.” She kept saying. I mean guys shaving isn’t THAT rare, is it?  Any way the blonde bitch ran off with his suit as the others just laughed. The guy holding Tom didn’t let him go either. At his girlfriend’s suggestion he pushed him along following her. She wanted to show somebody named Brooke what they had done. I’m sure Tom could have gotten free at that point but he went along with it as if he had no choice like a good little puppy. I was so fucking horny I could barely stand it!!! Yes my fingers pressed my clit hard as I tried to keep myself covered. I know, I’m a cheap slut!   LOL 
 
 
This girl kept calling for Brooke as her guy pushed Tom along causing several people to check him out – other guys and girls came over as well. Of course the fact that I was naked covering myself surely helped draw the crowd too. At that point I didn’t care as I was having too much fun. This Brooke person eventually came over and the girl went to great pains to explain everything to her and the others about what had happened .All the attention must have gotten to Tom cause he was sporting wood by then and they teased him about that too!!! One girl named Cassie or Cassandra or something like that messed with him good asking if looking at her boobs caused that and everyone laughed. She pretended to flash her boobs grabbing her top and pulling at it like she was going to flash her tits but she never really showed anything but cleavage. She was stacked though.  
 
 
Then someone shouted that the boat was coming back and several of them apparently needed to catch it so they left us and headed back toward the dock 
 
 
I had no idea what happened to Tom’s suit. I never saw it again! Tom got a taste of his own medicine!!!!  He suggested we had better leave too and we ran back and each grabbed our towels. What a hoot!!!  We had to ride back on the boat with the same people that had pantsed Tom, the two of us wearing only our towels! We were covered but Tom was tenting pretty bad still and the girls teased him horribly about that which only seemed to make it worse!  His face was as red as an apple and it wasn’t from sunburn either! He definitely didn’t see that coming for sure. It all worked out okay but things just got wild there for a moment or two I can yell you! 
 
 
As we left the boat you wouldn’t believe the catcalls from those girls. Btw, Tom has a new nickname – “Tentboy!”  That’s what they called him, “Tentboy!” Don’t you know I called him that off and on the rest of the day.  
 
 
We went back to his car and got some clothes and soap and headed for the shower locker rooms.  It felt good to get that sticky feeling off my skin. I wanted to Jill off so bad but there were too many people there. 
 
 
Well that’s what happened, I STILL can’t believe you knew about this ahead of time and didn’t let on. I OWE you one sister!!! I OWE you one!!!! 
