
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

Night Visit

   I awoke amid groggy darkness, hearing noises that seemed
   continued from the dream from which I emerged, of sailing across
   bright turquoise oceans in the brilliance of equatorial sunlight.
   The fluttering of the sails, snapping in the brisk ocean breeze
   became the tapping of footsteps, or the rapping on a door.

   Voices from the secret tunnel.

   "Ow!"

   "Sorry. It's so dark in here!"

   "You could have brought a light."

   "Why me? You could have thought of it just as well."

   I rolled my eyes and rolled over, seeing Sylvia asleep beside me,
   snoring sweetly, mouth open, nose in the air. The warm light came
   from under the doorway to the other room, where we had left
   Clarissa sitting at the table reading "20,000 Leagues Under the
   Sea."

   The stone bricks in the wall dematerialized, turning to misty
   vapor in order to let the four giggling little girls through.
   Four pleasant visages greeted the room, the bright beautiful
   faces of Sylvia's girls-in-waiting: dark-skinned Shannon with
   long curly hair, and autumn-blonde Meredith, with whom we had
   made love that delightful day.

   The two smiled at me with knowing fond intensity. "Hey, you're
   here!" ejaculated Meredith, followed by each girl repeating more
   or less the same phrase, with high-pitched intensity and bravado
   which only a cluster of ten-year-old girls could deliver.

   The girls all ran over to the edge of the bed, and I was required
   to greet each one with a little hug and kiss on the lips:
   Meredith, the blonde, Shannon of mysterious darkness, Lindsay, a
   petite ivory-brunette, and Stacey, with a huge headful of red
   hair.

   The wedge of light on the floor opened into a full stream of
   brightness as Clarissa came in to see what was going on. The four
   stood looking at her, and she at them, all bristling
   standoffishly with instinctive territoriality. Sylvia began to
   stir and waken.

   Opening her eyes, she recognized the grinning faces that
   surrounded her. "Oh hey. When did you guys get here?"

   "We heard that you were back, and we just hopped in the carriage
   and got in just now. Are you OK? Where's the baby dragon?"

   "Wow," said Sylvia blinking, "I missed you all so much. It feels
   like it's been about a million years since I've seen all of you."

   Clarissa snorted. "Mortals!"

   The four girls-in-waiting turned. "Are you going to introduce us
   to your friend here?" asked Shannon, seductively tossing her
   beautiful black curls. "She's kinda cute."

   Clarissa's glare burned with insolence.

   "Clarissa, meet Shannon," said Sylvia, "And Meredith, Stacey, and
   Lindsay."

   Shannon sidled over to Clarissa. "Nice girl, Syl. But don't you
   think she's a little young? Even for you?"

   Clarissa snorted again.

   "Aww," said Shannon, whispering in Clarissa's ear, "Is someone
   feeling a little crab-cakes today? Maybe we could do something to
   chase that old cloudy-day frown away."

   Shannon made as if to turn, but instead fell headlong into
   Clarissa, forcing the nymph to catch her, and Shannon's thigh
   meanwhile deftly nudging exactly the right spot between her
   victim's legs.

   Clarissa emitted a lustful yelp. The two girls were now wrapped
   in each others' arms, willingly or not.

   "Sylvia, help!" called out Clarissa, as Shannon left little moist
   kisses up and down her cheek, finally kissing her square in the
   middle of Clarissa's now helplessly longing lips as the two girls
   tumbled down onto the carpet.

   "Sorry girlfriend. You're on your own down there."

   "Girls," I said, "I know you're anxious to see us, but it's been
   a long day, and don't you think we could. . ."

   Meredith yanked the covers, flipping them aside off of me, to
   reveal the hard-on I was trying to hide, the one that wouldn't go
   away. "Hello, Daddy-O!" she said to it.

   "Hey!" called Clarissa from the floor. "That's mine!"

   "It is?"

   "Will be mine!"

   "Well seeing as you're kinda busy, I think I might just have to
   take care of it this time around."

   Stacey and Lindsay, the redhead and small ivory brunette, crowded
   closer around Meredith. She began to poke and stroke. "You will
   share, won't you?" said Lindsay, reaching out and softly
   caressing beneath my balls, sending tingles all up and down my
   body.

   "We can take turns," said Stacey.

   I might have tried to stop them, but I could tell it would have
   been useless. You know how ten-year-old girls get when they're
   all keyed up.

   Soon Meredith had me in her mouth, and Stacey was tracing little
   spots up and down the shaft, that sent shivers up and down my
   spine.

   "Sylvia," I said. "Darling! Vain are my efforts to prevent these
   girls from having their way with me. But you know that it's your
   lips I want against mine!"

   "You're such a romantic," said Sylvia, spreading her legs open to
   my face as she squirmed her pelvis towards me. Soon my tongue was
   sunk in the spicy precious juices of her delicate flower, as her
   girls took turns sweetly torturing my aching throb of desire,
   moistening the parched scorching sands of my desert longing
   between oases of pert lips and palm fronds of exploring tongues,
   bubbling forth like fresh spring water to satiate my thirst for
   righteousness, my need to explode forth the gooey white slime
   from within me, onto innocent faces and eagerly waiting lips,
   mouths patiently gnawing away at my built-up passion with
   expectant knowing.

   With gleeful deliberation, I watched my dirty secret sensitivity
   disappear within their clean mouths, first the raging fiery
   redhead, then the earthy autumnal blonde, then the tiny dainty
   doll-like brunette. As finger-strokes beneath sent shimmering
   ripples across the full infinite length of the spacetime
   continuum.

   Meanwhile, on the floor, I could glance that Clarissa and Shannon
   had formed a classic 69, rolling over and over, taking turns
   being on top. And Sylvia, my love, I devoured with the hunger of
   a million lifetimes, consuming her fulfillment as she relaxed
   into my loving tongue, my finger on the magic wrinkles just
   inside her opening.

   Her thighs gyrated, pale and flush with heart-pounding rushes of
   desire. Throwing her head back, she was soon lost in the
   sensation, like a hawk soaring on the wind, she let go and flew
   sky high in the heavens of saintly sensuality.

   And there we were, safely held in the Kingdom of truth, justice,
   and purity of Love, knowing our land had been released from the
   harsh grip of hypocritical foolishness and greed, and was once
   more the realm of creativity and imagination, abundance and
   inspiration, elves and faeries, generosity and magic.

   Perhaps most comforting of all was the understanding that our
   story might act as an inspiration, a message of hope, solidarity
   and encouragement for the lovers of freedom and gaeity
   everywhere.

   For if our tiny humble kingdom might triumph in casting aside the
   dreadful hideous burden of cruel, repressive tyranny, and succeed
   the way we had in reestablishing the reign of sensible, wholesome
   morality, then the efforts to do the same elsewhere might
   likewise gain similar fulfillment.

   Open and vulnerable to each other in our sensitivity and longing,
   tenderly caressing and loving each other, drawing each other
   closer to the rim of perilous delight, cinching the knot tighter
   and tighter until the oozing starburst of highest virtue opened
   its womb to issue forth the supreme one-light happiness of
   imperishable bliss, sharing together with heartfelt reverence our
   moment's glimpse at the universal divinity as felt through
   shuddering limbs and the shivers of unrepressed release, the
   creamy white purity emitted lovingly onto awaiting faces and
   tongues, shared by licks and kisses. Sticky dripping from long
   red curly locks.

   Sweet mucous threads, the beauty of semen on young soft tender
   skin. Seminal yolky fluid splayed against the pulsating backdrop
   of pale innocence and purity.

   And then in the comforting glow of our collective awareness and
   communal flirtation with Godly ecstasy, we fell into the warm
   butterscotch mellowness of restful sleep.

   Gentle breathing filled the room, the peaceful respiration of
   pure spirit.

   Squares of moonlight began to slowly creep across the carpet,
   urged onward by the lunatic dancing of an orange cat.

   THE END

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
