Now Dot needs her brother's help.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Experiment, Chapter 4 (mF, exhib, inc, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, ScFi, F-solo, toys)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Dot woke up, covered in sweat, her nipples and vulva incredibly engorged. She needed to cum! The 18-year-old blonde grabbed her dildo, pulled her bikini bottoms aside, and thrust the fake dick inside her. It was actually a little difficult, as her pussy lips were so engorged that it made her vaginal opening seem smaller. She was so horny that she didn't even think about activating her cam.

However, after a few minutes, she stopped, unable to cum and overheating from the exertion. She thought about Will's similar problem earlier, and how she had to help him with her mouth...could she...? She wiped the dildo, tossed it back into her drawer, and went and knocked on her brother's door.

"Erhh...yeah?" came the mumbled response.

Dot stepped into the 17-year-old's room, flicked on his light, and saw that he was laying on his bed, naked, his 7" cock erect once more. She stopped, stunned again at the sight of his nicely-shaped member. But that wasn't what she had cum--come for! "Not gonna cover up, big man?" she asked him with a lopsided grin.

He squinted against the light, shrugged his shoulders, and gestured at his erection. "You saw it earlier, from a lot closer."

"True. Um, I need your help, little bro."

He sat up. "Yeah! Anything."

She stepped closer, her mind suddenly filling with an image of her jumping right into his lap, pulling aside her bikini bottoms and mounting him... She shook her head and sat next to him on the bed instead. "I'm having the same problem as you did earlier...could you...use your mouth...down there?"

His eyes got as big as saucers. "Really? Wow...I mean, yeah. You helped me."

"Cool!" She lifted her butt and pulled her bikini bottoms off before spreading her legs. "Have you done this before?"

Will got to his knees between her legs, his hard cock leading the way, and Dot almost asked him to skip the cunnilingus and just stick that hard schlong right up inside her, but she held her tongue as he leaned forward to bring his mouth to her pussy.

"Yeah, a couple times," he answered, and gulped. He had gone down on his last girlfriend, now ex, and was usually successful at helping her reach orgasm. Her pussy wasn't as pretty as his older sister's though, he realized, looking at her smooth, shaven flower. He lowered his face and licked all around her engorged pussy lips.

"A-ahh! Yeah..." Dot moaned. "Get your tongue in there, bro." She really needed some penetration.

Will hardened his tongue and dipped it between her vaginal lips like a little dick, flicking the tip up a little while still inside. He could taste the slightly acidic but clean flavor of his sister's sexual juices. He pressed his next "lick & flick" even deeper, making her moan. After a few minutes of this, Dot didn't seem to be getting any closer to orgasm, so he supplemented with a finger, and then two, before moving his tongue to flick at her clitoris.

"Oh, damnit!" she moaned, frustrated. "Just stop. I need...I need your cock...in me!"

Will looked up at her from between her thighs, his eyes wide. "R-really?" He got to his knees, his purplish erection pointing directly at her vulnerable, wanton pussy.

She stared at his cock and then realized that this wasn't a good time of the month for her. "Wait! We need a condom!" Then she had an idea. "Let's go to my room, and I think you can help me with something else while we're in there."

"Stream mode, start paused," she advised the auto-cam as she walked into her room, and it extended from the wall to get both her and Will in the shot. "Avoid his face, but keep all other presets."

"Um, Dot...?" Will asked uncertainly as she pulled a condom packet out of a drawer.

She ripped it open, motioned him closer, and rolled the prophylactic down his hard member. "I checked the feed from earlier. When the cam caught you watching me, your face was in shadow. My fans think you're my boyfriend, so as long as the cam only shows your body, I can give them a little treat and make some extra dough while you help me cum."

"Um, okay..."

She turned to the camera and gave it a thumbs-up, starting the stream. "Hey fans! Some of you were asking about my boytoy here...he's shy, but we're gonna put on a show for y'all!" She turned to Will and got on all fours. "Get behind me."

He did so, this position making it so that she wouldn't have to look at her brother's face as she used him for her own gratification. She reached back, lined up the tip of his condom-covered dick with her very wet and engorged pussy, and pushed back.

"Ohh wow..." Will moaned as his incredibly turgid member slipped inside his older sister's furnace of a vagina.

"Thaat's it..." she moaned as she heard the "Cha-ching!" of the funds counter ramping up. "That's what I've been waiting for...fuck me!"

Will took hold of his older sister's rounded hips, pulled back a little, and thrust back in, causing her to gasp in pleasure. With each thrust, he was able to get a little deeper, until he was all the way inside her fit body.

"Oh shiitt..." she moaned. Her little bro was big! She pulled forward a little and pushed back, helping him to fuck her harder.

After a few minutes of this, though, the pleasure they were experiencing from this incestuous coupling leveled out. Both of them realized that something was missing.

Dot moaned and looked at the cam chat channel on her glasstab. A bouncing image was showing at the top of the screen, and she squinted at it. *Funds Multiplier: Multiple requests: Take off the condom!*

She blinked. She'd never been offered a funds multiplier before! That could upgrade a cam show's earnings from buying dinner to buying new outfits! Her nipples were so hard...she needed to cum!

She winked at the camera. "Hey, sit back," she directed Will, and he pulled out and did so, huffing. She backed up and moved into a reverse cowgirl position, captured his cock between her thighs, and tugged the condom off.

"Dot?" he asked after the strange sensation. Then he moaned as she moved up and sank her sweltering pussy back down onto his cock. As she pulled up, he realized why it suddenly felt so much better: she had taken the condom off! "Dot...!"

She sank back down on him hard, moaned, and turned her head. "Don't cum, okay? We're gonna do this for a bit and then go back to the condom."

He nodded, and she looked back down as her brother's bare cock slipped into her unprotected pussy again. This was so hot! She felt that she was finally going to be able to reach that elusive orgasm like this.

Unfortunately, Will realized the same for himself. The condom had provided some protection, not only from pregnancy, but from him becoming too sensitive. Now that Dot's sultry insides were massaging his cock, skin on skin, it was too much! But she had told him not to cum. He closed his eyes and gritted his teeth, trying to think about anything other than filling his hot sister's body with his baby batter.

"Ohh...uhh..." Dot moaned as she thrust down onto her brother's cock, unmindful of the danger. She was getting there...almost...

"Cha-ching-cha-ching-cha-ching!" The multiplier had taken effect, and money was pouring in through the cam channel, filling her ears with the welcome sound. Her fans loved her fucking her "boyfriend" unprotected, and she loved it too! She pulled off her bikini top and lightly squeezed her nipples.

Will couldn't take it any more! "Dot, I'm gonna..."

Dot felt Will's cock get a little bigger inside her as it scraped across her G-spot and headbutted her cervix, but her ears were still filled with the near-constant sound of the funds counter. She was so close...almost there...she rode him faster...

"Dot! Ohhh...ohh shiiitt!" Will lay back and instinctively thrust his hips up as his orgasm erupted from his loins and his swollen testicles gave up their precious cargo. The dangerous substance rushed up his cock...

Dot felt Will's cock throb, and then a hot, wet rush assaulted her unprotected reproductive system. Her overheated body, denied orgasmic release for hours, was suddenly overwhelmed with explosive pleasure. "Ohh! Fuuuu--!" She reared up on her brother's cock, causing the tip to press as far as possible into her wanton depths. The tiny entrance to her womb was battered relentlessly by Will's sperm-filled semen, his massive load practically pressure-washing it, several spurts of his dangerous seed slipping through as her cervix spasmed open from the powerful orgasm. "--ckkk! Ugghhhaaa..." She couldn't move, held fast by overwhelming waves of pleasure.

"Chchngchchngchchngchchng!" The sound of the funds counter had gone constant while Will was possibly impregnating his older sister. Now that the teens were coming down from their mutual orgasm, it slowed.

"Ohh noo..." Dot moaned as she pulled off of her brother's cock with a gasp. She waved her arm, signaling the end of the video stream, and the camera retreated back to the wall. "Will! I told you not to cum! Oh gaahhdd..." She fell over, next to him, shuddering in an afterorgasm at the thought of her brother's sperm swarming her vulnerable womb at the worst time of the month.

Will huffed, calming down from the intense release. "I don't...don't think either of us would have cum with the condom on, Dot...just like when I couldn't cum outside of your mouth last night."

"Shit..." Dot moaned, realizing that she agreed with him. Her orgasm had been eluding her until she took the rubber off. "Why is this happening to us?"

"So tired..." Will said as he closed his eyes.

"Yeah..." Dot agreed, and snuggled up into the crook of his arm.

Within minutes, both were asleep. A few minutes later, there was a hiss from the air vent as more of the strange chemical was pumped into her room.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)