Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


Chapter Two

	She glanced over to where her brother lay, exhausted, next to her on the bed. His prick was soft. Taking a deep breath, she leaned over him and took his soft cock in her hot mouth.

	Startled, Tony raised his head and looked at his sister. Then he smiled, a slow, sexy smile. "I can't believe you! Weren't you happy with what you already got?"

	"Oh, yes, Tony, fucking made me happy all right. I loved it! But I want more! Just let me suck your cock! Please!"

	"Hey, honey, you dont have to ask twice! I love a good cock-sucking and you're one of the best. Go to it!" Tony urged her as he lay back again and closed his eyes.

	Her brother's cock had become so soft that she easily closed her lips over the entire cock-shaft and nuzzled his balls. He felt her warm mouth engulfing his wilted prick from the head to the root and it sent a pleasurable, hot tingle through his loins.

	While she sucked her brother's cock, Kathy cupped his balls with one hand and slipped the fingers of the other hand into the sweaty crack of his ass. He had taught her how to suck cock. Good. And now she knew all the tricks to stiffen a reluctant cock.

	Tony felt a hot flash invade his body and he began to sweat again. His asshole twitched and pulsated. His loins tingled and his hips began to rotate slowly.

	"You're getting hard, Tony," Kathy said with a mouthful of stiffening prick.

	Tony moaned. "If anyone can get my cock hard, you can, Kat! Feels great! Dont stop!"

	"Thanks, ... Tony," ... Kathy ... murmured. She couldn't say any more because the head of her brother's cock was jammed deep in her throat.

	Now, Kathy really went to work on her brother's prick. Her lips became a red blur as they pistoned up and down the throbbing shaft of Tony's tingling, throbbing prick.

	Her large tits rubbed sensually against the sensitive inner part of her spread thighs and her nipples sprang to full erection.

	"Jeesus! You've Done it! You've got me hard again! If you dont stop, I'm going to come right in your mouth!" Tony warned her, thinking that she probably wanted him to fuck her cunt again.

	But Kathy took her mouth off his prick and smiled at him. "Good! That's what I had in mind!" And she returned to her work. Squeezing his balls. Probing his asshole. And, most of all, sucking his rock-hard cock as hard as she could.

	"Good, baby! Suck my cock! Suck it hard!" Tony chanted.

	He pressed his hand against the nape of her neck and pushed her head down on his cock. Kathy sucked in her cheeks, increasing the suction down her throat. She could hear the sounds of her wet lips sliding over his cock and it turned her on even more.

	Tony's cock tastes so good, Kathy thought lustfully. She loved sucking her brother's huge, throbbing cock. It seemed she could never get enough of sucking his gigantic cock. Ever since he had first taught her how to suck cock, she had welcomed any opportunity to suck his prick. At first, she had thought she could apply the skill he taught her to the boys she dated from school. Kathy had a knockout figure and she was very popular with the boys and often went out on dates.

	But her brother had made her promise not to suck any other guys cocks. "Let's keep it in the family." He had told her once when she had asked him about it. That always made her think of her father, which made her hotter than a pistol.

	She never minded not being able to suck any cock other than her brother's. The thing she liked about her brother was that he was so much more mature than any of the boys she dated. They turned her on a little, but nothing like her brother did. She had the same feeling about her father. She knew she would just love to suck his big cock if she ever got the chance.

	Now, sucking her brother's throbbing prick, she pretended that it was her father's monstrously large cock in her mouth. Her cunt grew even hotter at the lewd thought and her pussy-juices flowed freely between her legs, saturating her cunt fuzz.

	She moaned and forced her head closer to the curly mass of his prick hairs, taking his entire nine inches of cock-meat into her hot, wet, sucking mouth.

	"Yeah, you got it, baby!" Tony exclaimed. He grimaced with desire and humped his hips off the bed, fucking his little sister's mouth with his throbbing cock. "Suck it hard, honey!" he begged her. "Unhhhhh, you made my cock so hard! Suck it! Suck meeeeeeee!"

	Kathy could feel the knob of her brother's prick against her throat, even against her tonsils. Her mouth was absolutely stuffed with her brothers thick, long, throbbing cock. She moaned obscenely as she licked and kissed and teased the length of his prick.

	"Ummmffffff," Kathy moaned. She sucked his prick as hard as she could, unable to control herself.

	"Suck me off! Oh, shit, I'm gonna come any fuckin' second now!"

	Kathy closed her fist tightly around the base of her brother's cock. She gulped even more of his prick-shaft down her throat. She dropped her other hand between his thighs and cupped his balls, stroking them gently.

	"Coming!" Tony gasped. "Awwwwwww, fuck, Kathy, keep sucking it! Suck my cock! I can feel it starting to ... ahhhhhh!

	Her brother's cock swelled to rigid stiffness, throbbing powerfully deep down in her throat. At that instant, the hot white cum she had been waiting for exploded from the tip of his silken cock-knob. Wad after wad of thick, foamy jism squirted from his cock, pumping into his sister's throat and down into her belly. She wanted to swallow all his cum, but there was just too much. Some of his thick cum bubbled from her lips and ran down her chin obscenely.

	Just as her brother's cum filled her mouth to overflowing, Kathy's wet, throbbing pussy exploded in a violent spasm of orgasm and she moaned with happiness.

	Later that evening, Kathy and Tony showered together then they dressed and Tony left the house to meet some of his friends. Kathy was bored and restless. Wearing a short skirt, a T-shirt and no underwear, she sat in the living room, idly flipping through a magazine she had already read.

	Her parents wouldn't be home for hours yet and she didn't really feel like being with any of her friends. She wanted, as always, to be with someone older, more mature than the boys her age. She wanted to be with someone like her father! She laughed at herself. No chance of that.

	After all the fucking and sucking she and her brother had Done that day, she was amazed that she could still feel horny. But she did. Now, her pussy itched and burned and she wished her brother was there to quench the fire of her lust with his big, throbbing cock.

	Sighing with frustration, Kathy tossed the magazine aside and thrust her hands under her skirt. She plunged two fingers between her puffy cunt lips and began to finger-fuck herself.

	Just then, the doorbell rang.

	Cursing under her breath, Kathy sprang up, ran to the door and threw it open. "Uncle Dan!" she exclaimed in surprise.

	"Hi, Kat," her father's twin brother murmured, his eyes raking over her beautiful young body. "Can I come in?"

	"Huh?" she stammered, still shocked at seeing the very image of her father standing in front of her. "Oh, I'm sorry. Sure, come on in, Uncle Dan."

	They stood in the living room, staring at each other. Kathy didn't know what had come over her. She saw her uncle frequently and she was very fond of him. Why was she so self-conscious and tongue-tied all of a sudden? And why was her own uncle looking at her in that sexy way? She watched as his eyes darted from her full, large tits to her long, slender legs then back up to her full, wet mouth.

	"All alone tonight, dear?" Dan asked as his crotch hardened the sight of his brother's sexy little daughter. For the hundredth time, Dan wondered if his twin brother, Jerry, had gotten around yet to fucking this sexy little piece of ass.

	"Yes, I'm alone," she stuttered, finally finding her voice. "Tony went out with friends and Mom and Dad won't be back for hours yet," she murmured, her eyes going to the cock-bulge between Uncles legs.

	My God! She thought with a rising panic and excitement. "He's hard! Uncle Dan has a hard-on! What's going on here?"

	She tried to look away from her uncle but his penetrating brown eyes were fixed no her. "Are you lonely, dear?" he asked, moving closer to her.

	"Yes, I guess I am. And bored," Kathy admitted.

	"That's a shame, dear," Uncle Dan said as, reaching her side, he took her chin in his hand and turned her face toward his.

	He's so handsome, Kathy thought. He looks just like my sexy father!

	"You know, dear," Dan began, looking steadily into his niece's eyes, "you seem sort of troubled. If there's something bothering you? I want to help. After all, I'm your uncle and you should be able to tell me even your most, uh, intimate and personal problems and feelings."

	Kathy could hardly think straight, she was so turned on by her uncle. She was shocked by her own reactions. As many times as she had had lustful thoughts about her father, for some reason, she had never thought about her uncle in that way. But now, she couldn't tear her eyes away from his huge, hard cock-bulge and her pussy was drooling out more and more hot cunt-juice.

	"Or do you think I'm too old for you to be able to talk to?"

	"What? Oh, no, Uncle Dan! I like being with older men, like you and Dad and Tony," she murmured, looking down in embarrassment.

	"I see," Dan smiled. He had a hunch about this little pussy. And now it looked as though he was right. She was hot for some mature cock. And he was just the one who could give it to her.

	"It has to do with sex, doesn't it?" he asked, knowing that he would have to push her a little. But it shouldn't take too much. After all, he told himself, any young chick who dresses like that must be hot for cock! He looked admiringly at her rigid nipples pushing through the thin fabric of her T-shirt. And his mouth watered. And his big cock hardened even more.

	Kathy gasped. It was as though her uncle were reading her mind! "Well, yeah, I do have sort of a problem . . . about sex," she said almost shyly.

	Dan smiled. He lifted her face to his again. "Tell me, my dear. You can trust me, you know."

	"Oh, I know, Uncle Dan. I trust you," Kathy murmured, feeling hotter than ever. Her cunt was twitching under her short skirt and it was all she could do not to finger-fuck herself, right in front of her uncle.

	"Then what is it about sex that's troubling you?" Dan asked, unable to keep the tone of lust out of his voice as he gazed down at his incredibly sexy little niece.

	"I can't seem to get enough of it!" Kathy said, suddenly bold. She looked straight at him and smiled as his eyes widened in shock.

	Now it was his turn to gasp. "Kathy! Did you say what I think I heard you say?"

	"Yeah! I'm horny. I can't get enough fucking."

	By now, they were sitting side by side on the couch. Dan's hand dropped to Kathy's leg, pushing her short skirt up while stroking her inner thigh. His fingertips were squirming just a couple of inches from her cunt.

	"Sounds to me like we have the same problem, honey," Dan murmured huskily.

	"You mean it? What about Aunt June?" she asked, her eyes closing in ecstasy as she felt her uncle's hand probing her inner thigh.

	Dan laughed cruelly. "You can forget about her! I dont know what*s gotten into her lately, but she seems to have no interest in fucking me anymore!"

	"Golly, Uncle Dan, that's too bad. I'm sorry," Kathy muttered, opening her eyes and looking straight at him. "I dont understand that. Fucking is so great!"

	Dan laughed. "Dont feel sorry for me, honey. I've found that I prefer much younger pussy, anyway. Much younger," he said, looking at her admiringly.

	Kathy smiled happily. "And I like older cock, Uncle Dan."

	"Well, well, sounds like we'll have ourselves a fun evening. But I am curious about one thing,

	Kathy, dear. You talk about fucking like you*re an old pro. How long ago was it that you lost your virginity?"

	"This afternoon."

	"What? You were a virgin until just today-and now you're ready for more fucking?" Dan asked, hardly able to believe his ears.

	"Sure! Tony popped my cherry!" she said proudly.

	"Tony!" Dan was surprised. "Somehow, I thought it would be your father."

	Kathy shivered with excitement. Dan felt the tremors of the young girl and he guessed correctly. "Oh, so that's it. You have the hots for your father!"

	"Yeah, I guess I do, Uncle Dan," she said, looking down at the floor.

	"Dont be embarrassed, honey. Nothing to be ashamed of, believe me."

	"You look so much like him, Uncle Dan. It really turns me on!" Kathy said boldly, looking up at him again.

	Dan laughed. "So that's why the attraction. Well, that's okay with me, honey. I dont care why you want my cock-just so you want it!"

	"Oh, I want your cock all right, Uncle Dan!"

	And they both laughed.

	Dan's hand traveled the rest of the way up Kathy's bare thigh. Now he was feeling the moist ridges of her exposed pussy lips.

	"Well, well, no underwear! I approve," Dan said with an exaggerated leer.

	Kathy giggled. "I like to be ready to fuck at all times."

	"Like I said, I approve."

	"Mmmm. You're wet. Nice and wet, just like a good little girl," Dan said, slipping his index finger inside his niece's cunt and working it around.

	"Please, please, Uncle Dan," she moaned, wriggling her hips.

	"Soon, baby, soon," Dan groaned as he steadily finger-fucked Kathy's sopping pussy. "Unzip my pants for me, honey."

	Kathy's finger flew to her uncle's bulging fly and, in a flash, she had him unzipped. Gripping his hard, pulsing cock-meat, she pulled his cock out, gasping with excitement at the size of her uncle's erect cock.

	"So big!" she gasped. "How big is your cock?"

	"Your father and I used to measure our cocks and compare their sizes. They were always exactly the same size, my dear. Ten inches, fully erect," Dan said, watching with satisfaction as his niece flushed at the mention of her father's prick.

	"God!" she exclaimed. "That's even bigger than Tony's!"

	Why dont you suck my cock for me, Kathy?" he asked, lust making his voice husky and deeper than usual.

	"Oooooh, yessssss!" she panted like an excited little girl. She clutched his gigantic ten-inch cock in her hands, stared down at it and ran her tongue wetly over her lips. "I'll suck your cock all the way down to your balls and make you come in my mouth. Okay, Uncle Dan, okay?"

	"Okay," Dan laughed. "Just get on with it!"

	While Kathy deep-throated her uncle's huge prick, he quickly and skillfully undressed her. When she was naked, he drew her down beside him on the large couch, positioning her so his face was between her legs and he could eat her pussy while she was sucking his cock.

	As Kathy's head bobbed up and down over her uncle's monstrously large prick, he stabbed the full length of his tongue inside her creamy fuckhole, flowing with hot pussy-juice now. He buried his nose in her pussy fur, inhaling the sweetly perfumed aroma of her hot cunt.

	He found her throbbing clit and sucked it into his mouth hard. Kathy gasped with pleasure and increased the suction of her mouth around her uncle's throbbing fuck-tool. She was sucking his cock hard now, her nose buried in his curly prick hairs.

	Dan stabbed his tongue deeply into the teenager's hot, pulsing cunthole, feeling her strong pussy muscles close around it. As the muscles loosened their hold, he pulled his tongue out then stabbed it back in her cunt again. After tongue-fucking her pussy-hole a few more times, he returned his attention to her clit, sucking it, nibbling on it, feeling her clit twitching and jerking in his mouth.

	Meanwhile, his niece was giving him a professional blow-job. His ten inches of cock jerked in her sucking mouth, impatient to release its foamy load of jism.

	"Oh, God, Uncle Dan! I'm commmiiinnnggg!" Kathy cried.

	Hard, driving spasms tore through her pussy as her orgasm peaked. Her uncle continued to fuck his tongue in and out of her cunt as rivers of thick fuck-juice ran from her fuckhole and soaked his tongue. The powerful orgasm left the young girl shaken and trembling.

	"Take my jizz, Kathy! Take it all, little cunt!" Dan suddenly yelled as his balls tightened up against the base of his cock-shaft and spilled their load of cum.

	"Ooooooh, yessssss, Uncle Dan! Shoot it all in me!" Kathy cried with excitement.

	Multiple wads of thick, gooey jism shot from his cock and splashed into his niece's sucking mouth. She sucked even harder and came again, as she felt his jizz filling up her mouth. Swallowing hard and fast, she managed to take all of his cum. She didn't spill one drop.

	When their orgasms had ended, Kathy smiled at her sexy uncle, "That was nice for an appetizer. Now, how about the main course?"

	
To Be Continued

