Baby Sister
by SZENSEI
Copyright 2022 by SZENSEI

Episode 10: JACOBS LADDER

I wish my new brother Jacob had not had second thoughts and made me go to bed in my room. The ghosts might come back. It feels so very strange to sleep without wearing clothing to bed. I wonder why sheets and blankets are not bad for women, we wear them to bed for warmth. Maria Blanco lay there with only a thin sheet covering her body. Good point for a very stupid young lady. Not really stupid, simply kept out of the loop of society by her mother. There was so much that she was not privy too in isolation away from mans world. Now she only knew what her stepbrothers were teaching her. Not complaining, she loved the hugs and the licks. Starving for attention as much as knowledge Maria was a sponge soaking up all of the wrong things. Right in her fragile mind. All she wanted was to become a woman, whatever it took.

Staring at the ceiling she reflected back to the last three days of her new life here at the Barnett Ranch. It was such an extreme change from her childhood experiences. Her Mother Esperanza led a fruitful, lucrative life beyond their home in Colombia caring for Maria in the safest of environments. Esperanza kept her hidden gem away from society, predominantly from men. Being raised by a live-in nanny with direct orders to show no signs of what mans world was like left Maria zero knowledge, zero contact. Then came Oscar Barnett, swooping Esperanza off of her feet with riches and prestige. Suddenly, Maria was confronted by this new man in both of their lives. Oscar seemed respectful and did treat Maria well, perhaps her mother decided that it was time.

Maria knew her mother worried, leaving her here with Oscars five very adult sons to care for her while away on their honeymoon was a big step. Not knowing what to expect from all men Maria adapted. Her shyness troubling her Maria even made her mother a promise to be a changed woman, not the girl she was a few weeks ago, being fifteen only one month ago, sixteen now. Esperanza undoubtedly had to make a choice due to Oscar, hoping for the best until she could return home and care for her all over again.

The whole Man of the House concept clued Maria in that she herself needed to take her life into her own hands. Determined more than ever to become a woman and learn what it meant to men became her goal. Shyness remaining but fought back as much as possible she thought that she was winning. Yes, and no. Being impressionable and desiring to be liked was only leading her youthful naivety down a very dark path. A path that the five Barnett Boys were abusing, twisting their own sexual misdeeds to teach her what they wanted from this new baby sister. Let her think she was their pride and joy. She was being trained to be a good little whore, slowly and deeply organized. Keeping her entertained along the way and showing her what sex was without going to the point of immediate control was smart. If she thought she was being helpful, then she was.

Not that the boys didnt have good intentions in the long term, each of them had a certain charm, a gentlemans quality, yet their father groomed them on how to be men of power. They always got what they wanted. Maria was just a toy. One very beautiful young toy. Each day going forward the boys wanted to teach her more about sex without calling it that. Touch, taste, freedom of the flesh. Lies were mounting, lies that she believed without question. Maria acting childlike only assisted in that. Everything was fun, thus far.

In the darkness, Maria could hear the sounds of howling in the distance. It scared her, the shadows of the moonlight through her windows making things even more eerie. The talk of ghosts amongst the boys brought out a fear within her. Seeing Aunt Harriet and the ghosts of other men in her bedroom was certainly challenging her emotions. At midnight she still lay wide awake, picturing the boys massaging her everywhere kept her company. Their touches created new sensations that she had never known but was enjoying immensely. The more they did it, the more she missed it when their touch was gone. What troubled her most was just how much pain they had, their dicks so swollen and purple from the evil white devil within. Men were so very tortured she thought. They were always so grateful when she helped them purge the evil stuff from their bodies. It made her feel special to know they needed her so. Along the way they were coaching her on how to be what a man wants her to be. It was interesting.

Here alone in her room she was instructed by Jacob Barnett to explore her body more. He called it getting to understand your flesh. Of course, she touched herself her entire life but not to the knowledge of what her sexual organs could excite. Now that her clit was so very sensitive, she liked touching it, even more when the boys touched it. When Owen licked her there it was indescribable, it literally made Maria black out from how intense the pleasure was. Something they called an orgasm. She liked orgasms.

Trying to ignore the howling outdoors she decided to touch her clit, rubbing it softly, wetness forming with very little difficulty. Thinking of the boys massaging her helped her sensitivity grow. She wished one of them would check on her, offer to keep her company. She was becoming dependent on the Barnetts to not feel so alone in this new world. Whimpering at her fingertips gliding over her clit she closed her eyes and just lived in the moment. Needy beyond measure she kicked her covers away with rambling toes to better free up her actions. Becoming verbal in her brisk rubs she had no clue just what her words should be. All she knew was she hated being alone. Even Aunt Harriet would be welcomed at the moment. As long as she came alone.

Someone please come for me. She begged the darkness. I am frightened.

To make matters worse she hears a click next to her, the balcony door had come open and a draft of air entered the room by storm, her thin drapes billowing about. Tensing up at the possibility of an intruder she swiftly bolted from her bed to the far side and crouched on the floor. When no one entered she found the courage to make the walk around her bed and shut the door. Pouting at the calm suddenly, she returned to bed. Settling in she resumed her touching. Trembling heavily at how good it felt. Spine arching, her ass lifted from the bed as she felt something brewing within her. All new to her perceptions it was possible that she was building her own orgasm. Tyson did say it was good to know what you yourself can do. All of the Barnetts shared that same bit of inspiration.

Just as she nearly reached a no turning back point, her bed began shaking. Almost as if it were rising up from the floor. Even the room itself had a buzzing noise, like bees. Panic removed her fingers and her tempted hormones retreated in terror. Her first thought was that the ghostly men were coming for her. Jumping from her bed she raced to her bedroom door and opened it, running out into the hall. Going instinctively next door to Tysons room she knocked but no one answered. Room to room she went knocking. No Wiley. No Matthew. No Owen. Were they all gone?

Finally, at Jacobs room she just opens his door and walks right in. She heard snoring almost mistaking it as a larger bee buzzing until it grew louder. Tiptoeing to his bed she realized that he was on top of his covers naked. The largest of the Barnetts at 68, 330 pounds of pure muscle and dense body hair it was like walking in on a slumbering bear. Moonlight filtering over him she discovered something even more intimidating, his cock was enormous. The biggest of all the boys. Her entire forearm and then some. So hard, so thick, so painful looking. Poor Jacob. He must hurt so badly. Poor Maria, she must really be just that stupid. I hope he doesnt wake up angry after he decided to send me back to my room.

Standing over the side of his bed fidgeting she worried that barging in here like this that he would be mad at her enough to punish her. As hulking as he was, she was terrified of a temper, even though she knew firsthand how caring he was toward her, that first night at Longhorn Manor when she got drunk.

He stood by her while she threw up, comforted her in her time of need. That in itself found a soft spot in her soul for him. For three more minutes she stood there silently, lifting her body nervously up on her toes uncertain what to do. Finally, a really loud snore woke the gentle giant from his own slumber. Clearing his throat, he rubbed his beard and scratched his belly. Eyes wincing in the darkness he discovered Maria with her arms held behind her back, chest high and irresistible.

What in the-- Maria? He growled. I thought I told you to go back to your room.

I am scared. My bed moved. There are howls outside, the door blew open. Can I sleep with you Brother?

He knew that his brother Matthew had tinkered in her room to make things appear haunted, all-in fun to get a reaction just such as this. He was just the lucky one to be first to get a visitor due to it. So, he thought.

Aunt Harriet telling you to be a woman again?

No. I think the men that tortured her want to torture me now. Is that what she is doing?

She was the lady of the house long before we came into the world. Jacob grumbled looking up at Marias youthful beauty. Reaching to his left he turns on a lamp and lights the room in a romantic glow. Her body illuminating made him smirk. Crawl on in here with me.

She jumped at the opportunity as he pulled her over on top of him and made her lay face down on his frontal. Her lower body pushed his erection down under her belly. He was so warm and cuddly with all of his body hair. Wrapping his arms around her he held her tightly against him.

Better?

Yes. Thank you for letting me stay.

Now Im wide awake.

You sleep naked too.

Yup! Hate clothes when I dont have to wear any. Bad for you wearing clothes to bed.

I swore off clothing. She totally forgot her question over sheets and blankets being just as unhealthy.

I heard something about that. I never thought you should wear clothing anyway. Youre too cute to be covered up.

You like me naked?

We all like you naked. Dont you ever cover up again. You hear me Missy?

Yes. I wont. Im glad you like my body. Is that what a woman would say?

Thats one thing. A woman always wants a guy to look her over, feel her up, kiss on her.

Kiss? I have never been kissed before. I mean, not like how mother kisses Oscar.

Want a few pointers?

Your dogs? She had heard their breed earlier in the day.

Noooo. He chuckled, his laughter bouncing her over him as she teases his chest hair with a nail. I guess they are Pointers. Not what I meant though. Pointers as in my showing you how to kiss a guy.

You want me to kiss you?

Only if you want to learn how.

I do. She grows excited.

Wincing a bit, he reaches his mighty arms lower and plants his palms on her butt. Gripping her cheeks, he slides her up further over his chest until her face was next to his. His huge cock slid right over her clit causing her to feel its delicious friction. Eyes flaring, she sighed over the move. That felt nice.

What did? Your nips rubbing over my chest?

That felt nice too. She rubs her thighs along his crown now that it was the closest to reach under her new seating. I feel something wet.

Ohhhh! You liked my dick riding right up through your labium, didnt ya? Wet? Thats pre-white devil. His way of saying hes in charge. Discharge!

What is a labium?

Pussy lips. Here! Lets do that again, it eases my pain some.

I knew you were hurting. Your thing is swollen and dark purple like a bruise.

I fell asleep to ward off the pain. Now that you woke me up its a nightmare.

I am sorry Brother. It hurts me inside to hurt you.

Well, now that youre here youre making it up to me. My pain gets worked out or youre going back to your room.

Nooooo! Please dont make me go back there again. I will use my hands to get the painful white devil out of you.

Oh, Ill be helping you do that. If you want to stay here, then youre going to learn a few things.

Are you going to massage me?

Nope. Youre going to massage me. All night long if need be.

I am awake, I will. Even if you fall asleep, I will continue.

Good. He gruffly picks her up by her hips and brings her back down over the length of his beast and thrusts his hips upward while holding her against his cock. His dick rolled repeatedly within her narrow labia. Eyes brightening up at how good each pass over her clit felt she whimpered.

That feels good Jacob.

You do it to me now. Im just going to lay here. Well get to those kissing lessons in a bit.

Okay. She applies her own gyrations over his girth and whined, I can feel it throbbing.

Its the white devil wanting out. Move your thighs faster. He lays back watching her increase the speed of her hips rubbing over him. Fuck that feels good. Youre a talented lil slut Maria.

Why do my brothers call me that?

Oh ... uhhh? Its the best compliment a woman can get from a man if he likes what shes doing for him.

Oh! Then you may call me a slut. I like it.

I can do that. You are one sexy slut.

Thank you. I want you to feel good Jacob. It is a womans job to make a man feel good. I am learning how to achieve that.

Get up here. He grips her again and brings her back up to his face and kisses her right on the lips, her hips were still gyrating but over his six-pack abs. Palming her face he kissed her long and hard, her whimpers feeding into her enjoyment. Once she got a taste of making out, he let her take over. She could not get enough of his lips. Nor his massive tufts of thick wilderness hair tickling her flesh.

While she grew invested in his breath Jacobs hands roamed her backside, palming her ass cheeks and just letting her rub his abs with her moist pussy. For a better feel he took a brief release to drag her legs to each side of his waist. The new sensations of a deeper rub over him made her squeal. Hands back on her ass he pries her cheeks wide and uses a single thumb to rub her butt pucker. She wiggled all over him trying to keep her sensitivity heightened but trembled that his finger might intrude her anus. Jacob was having a blast at her expense.

Parting lips he growled, My turn. In a bold move he rolled over in his bed taking her to her back and hovering over her. Her innocent eyes refused to even blink wondering what he might do to her. Easing back a bit on his knees he leaned down and kissed her tenderly, each time she tried to take control he backed off. Finally, he stormed her neck and kissed her throat. She caressed his massive hairy shoulders whimpering at the ticklishness caused by his beard. Feeling his monster cock rubbing over her clit at his own encouragement she began moaning.

You must really like me.

I do. I adore you Squirt.

I adore you too Jacob. Am I still a good slut?

I expect better. Before your momma gets home, youre going to be the best.

Teach me.

All of us are doing that. Never be scared of what we do. No matter what it is.

I will not be afraid. He said nothing further, choosing to kiss her neck and shoulders, before moving to her chest. Kissing her nipples made her giggle. Wiley and Owen squeezed my boobies but you are the first to kiss them so lightly. They sucked on them. He grinned at her smile then devoured her left nipple whole into his mouth sucking them. Yes! Just like that! I like this brother.

The sensations drove her insane, unable to keep her hands away from his hair. Not until he moved from one nipple to the other did, she gasp, Nooo! Dont leave it. Once he found the other nipple she cooed and felt content. The second he stopped; Jacob crawled higher over her until she felt his dick rub over her belly. Up until his crown crossed between her breasts she whimpered. What are you doing?

Titty fucking you.

What is titty fucking?

This. He reached in crushing her breasts around his dick then began thrusting up through them. She panted heavily and tilted her chin to watch as best she could. In doing so his fist sized crown pelted her chin, often crossing up to her roll over her pouty lips. She couldnt keep her mouth from expressing awe, so the crown entered her jaw without too much trouble. She took the punishment not realizing what it meant. He wasnt forcing it in her mouth, merely taunting her with the possibility.

I think I felt the white devil on my lips.

Its that pre-devils venom.

Venom? It is bad for me?

No. Its bad for me, good for you. The white devil destroys a man on the inside but once it leaves our body it becomes good for you.

I remember your brothers telling me that. It must be true.

A good slut begs for it to leave a man.

I did that in the gym. Let me try. She bubbles up under his constant chin impacts. Come to me. Please come to me. Do not hurt Jacob anymore. He wanted to laugh but remained tough.

Its going to need more effort than that Maria. I need to try something else. He releases her and backs up. Reaching forward he tosses her onto her belly with ease then under her tummy with a palm to coax her ass in the air. Her face in his pillow he straddles between her thighs and rubs his dick along her pussy, his crown still very near her breasts in her doubled over state. Hand on her ass, the other rubbing her spine he faked fucked her without penetration. She found this new position appealing even though she couldnt see Jacob. This here is called Dry Humping. Dry for now until the white devil explodes out.

Is there a wet humping? She questioned in her muffled voice.

That requires penetration. Im not going there yet Maria. I dont want to hurt you.

Wet humping hurts a woman?

At first. Your first time will hurt really bad. Its the only way for a man to escape the white devil for long periods of peace, before he needs to do it again. Youre not ready for that pain.

I do not want to hurt.

And we dont want to hurt you. Sooner or later, we will need to do that to you though. You just have to trust us, Maria.

I do trust you Brother. I like this dry humping. Jacob?

Yeah?

Where do you wet hump?

Right here. He pulls his dick back and lines it up to her hole but doesnt force it in. merely letting her react to his crown where the fun really begins. She yelped trying to escape but he held her firmly. As tiny as she was, she could never escape such a brute force such as him. When the time is right this whole dick goes inside there.

I will scream. She pouts, You are too big to do that to me.

You keep whining I WILL push in. Hush up and learn. She immediately bites her lip fearing penetration. Its not bad after the first time Maria. Me and my brothers will get you used to it pretty fast once its over. Practice makes perfect. We can all take turns getting you comfortable.

All of you will wet hump me?

Couple of times a day probably. We hurt a lot these days. Wanna learn a few more things?

Yes. Pouting heavily, she tried to be brave. His hand gliding up her spine he clutched her long black mane to pull her hair tightly, lifting her face from his pillow, This is how a man shows a woman that he demands respect.

I already respect you, Jacob.

Real respect requires more than just a feeling Maria.

Tell me.

You as a woman has to be very vocal of how much you appreciate your man even if he gets rough.

What would I say?

Things like please spank my ass. Please pull my hair, please choke me.

Choke? That does not sound pleasant. Nor does spanking me.

You know what? I think Im getting tired. You better go back to your bedroom before I just take you wet hump style.

Whaaaat? Nooooooooo! She panics, Please Jacob do not make me go to my room. Harriets men do not like me.

Are you defying me Maria? He yanks her hair harder forcing her to cringe under pressure.

No! Teach me to be spanked. Choke me.

Youre not ready.

Pleeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaassssssssseeeeeee?

Without another word Jacob hauls his hand high then swings down with a devastating swat to her left ass cheek. Then her right. She whimpered over the pain until feeling him rub her cheeks where he had left red marks. Just as she settles down, he repeats his swatting a second and third set of impacts. Owwwww!

GO TO YOUR FUCKING ROOM YOU WHINEY BITCH. He pulled away from her and lets her collapse onto his mattress. Sitting up on the side of his bed he grumbles until she jumps to her knees and throws her body against his back hugging him from behind. The proper hug seemed awkward in this moment. Meaning the way, she was taught out at the stables.

I will get used to this Jacob. I swear it!

Did I say you could touch me? He growls as she clings to him trembling. Reaching over his head he snatches up her hair and drags her around him and over his lap. She began crying at his roughness as she lay over him face down. Immediately he blistered her ass five hard times. When I teach you something you do NOT disrespect me.

I am sorry Jacob. She endures four more swats until her cheeks become rosy. Finally, Jacob pulls her up into his lap facing him. his monstrous cock the only thing between he and she. Taking her hands, he curled both sets of fingers around his beast.

Milk the white devil out. Do not stop unless I tell you to.

Sniveling she begins moving her hands up and down over his cock, inspired by his strict gaze. She was afraid to look anywhere other than at him. It was almost as if she knew deep down that was what Jacob wanted. In her own nave way, she told herself that it was what a woman would do. If she was wrong, she was sure he would tell her or spank her again.

Youve got some pretty amazing eyes Maria. The Grizzly lowered his defenses, I like how you study mine to know if youre doing a good job.

Am I?

So far so good. I can feel the white devil following your lead. Keep that rhythm up without waver and you have him right where you want him.

My hands can barely go around your dick, it is so thick.

Handsome too, isnt he?

Yes. He is quite handsome. Jacob? Do women do this to men every day?

Three times a day pending on how bad the guy gets. Me? Three is average.

So, I would have to do this to you three times a day?

Well see. Not every day. At least once every other day for certain. Same for my brothers.

I would do this five times a day for sure. More if you all hurt really bad?

Exactly.

Do you think they will compliment me by calling me a slut?

If they dont, Ill make sure they do. You deserve that compliment, Maria.

Good. I want them to be happy with me. Does Oscar call my mommy a slut?

Slut. Cunt. Whore. Wench. All of the above. Fuck that feels good Maria. Only thing better would be a blowjob.

Whats a blowjob? She blew at his face making him smirk.

Its when a woman sucks the white stuff out of a guy if hes having troubles getting it out the way youre doing it now.

Suck it out? With my mouth? Wiley showed me that. She droops her chin out of shock. It reminded her what Tyson and Wiley had taught her out by the lake and in the stable. My brothers taught me some but Ive never taken it all the way.

You know of any other way?

I guess not. I dont think my mouth can go around it. She for the first time lowers her eyes to examine his beefy crown. Should I try?

You might as well get used to it. You will be doing it to all of us at some point. Were stubborn some days. Go ahead and give it a shot. If you have troubles with him, Ill hold your head, so he doesnt escape you.

Okay. Here goes. Crawling carefully from his lap Maria leaned over his erection biting her lip at how best to approach her mission.

Ill tell you what, start by kissing him, then lick it. If you lick and suck on my scrotum... He knew she would ask what a scrotum was and showed her his bulging sack,  ... my balls there, that will get his attention knowing youre out there luring him in. Once you get him riled up, he will want to chase after you. Im going to rest back and give you room to work. Maria?

Yes, Brother?

Dont let him win. Get that shit out of me.

Yes, Sir.

I like that word Sir. Shows you respect me.

I do. Lots!

Get busy.

Parting her lips first Maria hovered over his balls then licked their fullness. They were so huge that they encompassed half of her face. Going from gentle tongue flicks to warm swaths, she graduated to taking one side into her mouth. Hearing Jacob groan she knew she was on the right track. Try sucking both sides at once. Eyes trembling, she struggled to place both nads inside her tiny mouth. Succeeding then feeding she sucked on those bad boys with intensity, cross-eyed due to his ten-inch beast laying right on her brow. FUCK! He snarled, Youre doing great Maria. I can feel the devil hissing and wagging his tail. Praise fulfilling, she sucked even harder and reached up with her hands to encircle his beast. Stroke that at the same time. Get a good grip Baby Sister. Done! Maria was multitasking! Not wanting to cum just yet Jacob paused her. Slow down now! Release my balls and lick only the dick, right along the underbelly. He used a fingertip to address his foreskin.

Popping free of his bulbous scrotum she followed his trajectory with ravenous licks, shocking herself that her shyness was not a part of her behavior. Saliva drooling all over him he tapped his urethra and wiped precum from the well. As she rose up with her tongue to his tip, he used that wet finger and drew a heart on her forehead. Thats how much you mean to me Baby Sister. Jacob loves you. Smiling brightly mid-lick she kissed his crown and voluntarily attempted the actual blowjob. Tasting that precum she flared her eyes thinking how good it tasted. Get on down there! He lightly palmed the top of her head encouraging her to take in more of him. The fist size barely made it through her narrow lips but once the head was all inside it was much better.

He knew she liked what she was doing. Clearing his throat to get her attention she opened her jaw wider and rippled her lips around his girth. Only the crown was sucked on at first, giving Maria her time to adapt to it. In his thoughts Jacob Barnett had to admire her spunk. Kid likes dick. I have to give her credit; shes coming along fast. Mattys right, well be fucking her by the weekend. Daddys going to have fun with this one.

His palm still hovering the back of her head Jacob gently pressed down to force another inch into her mouth. She turned beet red at going deeper. Take it slow. You have to get used to taking as much in as you can get. Too shallow and its not going to listen to you. You have to show it you wont take no for an answer. My brothers are going to be really proud that youre getting a grasp on how to take care of us. I dont think they wanted to teach you this much, afraid you didnt have what it took. See? Youre proving them wrong.

She nods within her mobility constraints and lets him pressure her scalp into taking in a second inch, three in total thus far. Okay. Im going to take my hand away and I want you to pull up and go back down just like your hands would do. Up and down. Up and down but with your mouth. Each time you kiss the head then swallow it again. Understand?

Another timid nod she feels his hand retreat and sits back to watch her do things on her own. Just as he advised she lifted her lips and escaped his crown just long enough to kiss it and take him back in for five thrusts before a repeat performance. Without even asking her to her tongue licked at his foreskin again before consuming three inches, trying hard to achieve the fourth. He was pretty impressed. Watching his eyes she sensed it too, which made her thrive on doing even better. Letting her do her thing a while longer Jacob decided to up the ante.

Alright! Keep that up but lets get your hands busy too. Right hand you cup my balls here. Squeeze and make the white devil flow upward into the pecker, my dick. This is where it lives, so what youre doing is forcing it to rise against its will. Your left hand needs to go back to massaging what is not in your mouth. She immediately resumes stroking him and trying her best to keep in synch.

Perrrrfect! Little girl knows what shes doing. Fuck that feels good you little Cunt.

Moaning her thank you Maria fed on almost five inches, that was her limit with tonsils intact. Oh, how she tried for more though, it just wasnt possible. Slobbering, her gag reflex took over and she choked, but noted him pointing at her. He looked upset that she might stop, so therefore she persisted. Maria Blanco refused to be a coward. Messy or not the little Miss was determined not to disrespect him again, her ass was still on fire from his spanks. No more of that, she hoped.

Gently Jacob reached out to caress her cheek to support her emotions. By lightly brushing the hair from her eyes with a warm smile as a template she felt as if she were doing everything right. That was all Maria needed. Confirmation!

Almost there Beautiful. Youre a fast learner. I cant wait to brag to my brothers just how good you are at this. I know youre struggling to take more in, I know you can do it. I have faith in you Maria so, just do it. He winked and fondled the back of her scalp tempted to force feed her throat. He knew her tonsils prevented going too deep, but his ego demanded more from her. Whining as her nose ran like a faucet, she did her very best and managed a quarter inch more in her throats confines. He could feel his crown pushing at her tonsils, the sensation making his eyes roll back. She saw his possessed look and recalled how Wiley had done that. It was just before he shot his load of deadly white serpents tongue. Hearing Jacob groan Maria knew it was his turn. Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! DONT LET UP THE DEVIL IS READY TO STRIKE.

Not missing a beat, she found her mouth flooded with a detonation that defied description. Not even Wiley or Owen had released so much, yet theirs were not into her mouth. Choking heavily, she tried to pull off, but Jacob snatched her head and held her firmly. She was not escaping. Long guttural snarls sent three more rushes of white down an already full throat. She was afraid to swallow so much so it began frothing around her lips and even came up through her nasal passage.

Head rush clearing Jacob pinched her nose and held her head tightly over his cock, his balls brushing her breasts as she lifted higher in emotional agitation. Swallow every drop. He made her look him in the eye as he noted her throat muscles swallowing the pool down her esophagus and into her belly. Convinced she had nothing in reserve he released his pinch and let her breath. Easing her off of his cock slowly he made certain her tongue was still touching his drooling urethra, final droplets beading on her tongues wag. Now that saved my life. Good job Maria. Was that so bad?

It was a lot of venom. I thought I was going to vomit.

But you didnt. You were incredible.

Am I a woman now?

On your way fast Kiddo. Once you reach that wet hump goal... He ponders deep penetration, chuckling in his thoughts,  ... dry hump at the same time, we can consider making you a true woman full time.

What does that mean?

It means we get you used to a daily regimen of white stuff. The more you heal us, the more you drain us, the healthier well all be.

Will I be unhealthy?

It doesnt work like that Maria. The white stuff in men is volatile. The white stuff in a woman can be too, but not as potent.

I have white stuff inside me? Even in touching herself she had not known much in the way of any thick white release.

Mine. He chuckled, But yes you have your own. Once youre a woman well help keep yours in check too. Its the least we can do for you helping us.

Im sleepy now Jacob. She yawns and crawls to her feet standing between his legs to hug him in his seated position. Reaching out to pick her up he lifts her into his lap and cradles her against his chest. Feeling her warm exhales on his shoulder Jacob collapsed backwards taking her with him. She literally fell asleep laying on top of him.

Poor kids drained. He eyes two things, the oil lamp he needed to shut off before it overheated, and the ceiling camera over his bed that had captured their every move. Flipping off the cameras resident viewership he lay there holding her for a good twenty minutes before gently getting up and laying her on his bed. Blowing out the oil lamp he crawled in beside her and draped his body right up against her backside. His dick along her ass crack he felt her nuzzle closer. She liked the feeling of flesh-to-flesh contact. Leaning into her he kissed her cheek.

Night, Baby Sister.

Goodnight, Big Brother. She mumbled half asleep.

The Bear wanted a cave to sleep inside.

Very soon he would move in.

For now, just hibernation.


