We're laughing as we stumble from the bathroom.  The steam hanging in the air like a soft fog.  Playfully, we towel each other dry, doing as much teasing as towelling.  We check the time.  We're up early, it's only 6:30a.m. but we're starving.  We fumble in our bags for clothes and start to get dressed.

I'm bent over, pulling on boy-cut panties when you grab me, pressing me against the dresser and kissing me hard.  Your leg nudges mine apart and I am only to happy to comply, easily spreading them for you as I arch into your body.  Your tongue invades my mouth as I feel your hands slide all over me.  In seconds I've gone from relaxed to wanton.  All I can do is respond to your touch.  Your hand moves between my legs and teases my clit for a moment before pulling back.  I nip at your lip and moan softly in disappointment.

It's then that you slide the tip of the vibrator inside me.  I gasp as I realize what's going on and you quickly turn it on, pushing it deeper.  It comes to rest, buried to the hilt in my heat and I'm whimpering from the soft pulse.  You pull my panties up and into place and smile.  Your voice, authority ringing through it, tells me "Get dressed."  I raise an eyebrow and open my mouth to protest, but you smile.  Tentatively, I reach down and start to tug my jeans on, moaning softly at the sensation of the vibrator in me.  I close my eyes and grind my hips, enjoying it.

The stinging slap on my ass and resounding echo of it in the room makes me gasp.  No real pain, but it's clear I'm not supposed to enjoy it more than what I'm permitted.  Pouting, I continue dressing, getting slapped a few more times as I just can't help but please myself.  Finally, I'm dressed.  You're smiling as you point to the door.

The walk to the restaurant across the street is almost enough to make my knees buckle.  We're seated at a back table and it's quiet because its so early.  The waitress comes over to take our drink order and I'm positive that she can hear the buzzing.  I start watching her face intently, searching for signs of recognition.  As she leaves, I start writhing in my chair.  The look on your face stops me and I give a frustrated sigh, but I behave.  The drinks come and we give our order.

As we wait, I'm sure the sound is louder.  I don't dare move, who knows what you'll do to me here, but I think the couple behind me can hear it.  You keep watching me, not making a sound.  You smile as I flush.  Even though it's low, the vibrations and thinking everyone knows is pushing me closer to the edge.  I'm considering running from the table to the room and pleasuring myself with the buzzing vibrator when you take my hand and hold it.  Breakfast arrives scant seconds later and you nod, "Eat up honey".

My hand shakily reaches for my fork and somehow I manage to eat my breakfast.  By the time you put money on the table and tell me we can leave, I'm on the edge of cumming in my chair.  Less then 2 minutes more and I'm sure I would, but you walk around and help me to my feet, escorting me to the door and it's gone.  I moan audibly and blush.

We cross the parking lot to the hotel.  I hurry to the room, driving myself higher, only to remember that you have the key and I can't get in till you arrive.  I turn to look and you're sauntering deliberately towards me, taking your time.  The door gives under your hand with a soft click and you push me inside ahead of you.

We walk in and you press me against the door, hurridely undoing and removing my jeans.  I shudder under your touch as you practically rip the panties from me.  My fingers fist in your hair as your mouth and tongue cover my clit and pussy.  A hoarse cry rips from my throat.  I no longer care that people might hear me, I'm focused on your mouth.

As your tongue lashes my clit, I feel the vibrator start sliding out of me.  I whimper and it's pushed back in, slower but the vibration has gone up a notch.  I spread my legs wider, my knees giving out as I press down against you.  I move desparately against you, searching for release as you slowly pleasure my pussy with the toy and tease my clit with your tongue.  You start to suck on my clit, your teeth scraping it slightly and it's then I feel my body start to spasm.  Head back and a keening sound in my throat, I give in to it.  You plunge the vibrator in and out of my body as you lick and suck.  My fingers tighten, clutching you close as I go taut and then scream, shuddering and quaking against the door.

Long moments pass and all I know is the wet feel of your mouth.  Slowly you'll pull away from me only to have to catch me as my legs give out.  Momentarily drained, I lay my head on your shoulder.  You kiss my neck tenderly and help me to my feet.  You point to the bed.  "Maybe we should take advantage of being up early?  We've still got time before check out."  I nod.

I nudge your bag closer to the bed and watch you undress.  I wave you on to the bed first as I finish undressing and move to put my glasses on the bedside table but "accidentally" drop them.  I stand and crawl onto the bed, sliding my hands slowly up your body as I move up the bed.  I reach your arms and glide my hands over your warm skin.  You stretch up with my movements and I smile at you, leaning in to kiss you as I fasten those same cuffs around your wrists that had to mine.

Chuckling, I watch as your eyes widen.  I lean over you, breasts hanging just out of reach of your mouth as I lash your wrists to the bed.  "My turn", I say as I grin down at you.

I straddle your body slowly, leaning down to lick and kiss your neck.  Soft kisses over your jaw, nails down your side, all of this and more as I slowly move downward.  I nip at the pulse, now visible, in your neck.  I spend long moments lapping at the little shallow of your collarbone.  My breasts are pressed tightly to you as I move down, my nipples scraping against your skin.  My fingers find your nipples and tease them lightly, barely brushing them, but you gasp and buck like its an electric shock.

My tongue and mouth move down over your chest and I slide back, the folds of my pussy brushing wetly against your cock.  I smile as you moan and arch up, but keep moving back.  My hands hold your hips firmly as my tongue teases patterns over your abdomen.  My hair skims over you, teasing lightly as I move my mouth and hands lower.  I pass my tongue over your hip and you can feel my breath flowing hot over your erect cock.

Slowly I shift and slide from the bed.  It's your turn to groan now as my mouth leaves your skin before tasting you.  I just smile and move to your feet.  Kneeling at the end of the bed, I slowly glide my tongue over the arch of each foot.  Leaning up, I bite gently at the inside of your left ankle.  I drag my nails up your right leg as I tease my tongue over your left.  I stop at your knee to bend it, dipping my head down to kiss and lick the back of it softly.  I slide higher on the bed, tasting the soft skin of your thighs.  My hair brushes over your cock and you whimper, bucking your hips for me.

I look up, all you see is my eyes and your cock.  But then you feel my tongue.  The wet rasp of it as it starts to caress your balls.  Long, slow strokes of it as I listen to you moan, watching your face.  You tug at the cuffs as my head comes up slowly, my tongue flicking over the base of your cock.  I bend my head down and stare at your cock, reaching out and slowly, so slowly you growl, flick my tongue out and over the head of your cock.  The growl deepens and becomes rough at that.  I look up at you and take pity.

I lean down and close my mouth around the head of your cock and suck softly.  My tongue swirling over it as I just hold you there in my mouth.  You try bucking your hips to get me to take more, all I do is follow the movement.  I hear you growling and moaning.  I watch the muscles in your arms and shoulders ripple as you try and free your hands.  I swallow another inch of your length and I can feel your cock throbbing.  It's hot and harder than I've seen it in my mouth.  I reach down and grasp your balls, squeezing them lightly as I swallow another mouthful of you.  Your whole body is shuddering in front of me as I wrap you in my mouth.  Only intelligible noises issuing from your mouth.

I make eye contact with you and open my mouth wide.  Pushing down and swallowing I take your full length into my mouth, my throat; sucking and licking fast and hard.  You scream then, your hips arched up taut and pushing your cock deep into my mouth.  I pull back and slide my mouth up your shaft and listening to your whimpering.  Your cock twitches and pulses on its own and I know you want to cum.

Wrapping my hand around your cock, I stroke it as I lean up and quickly untie your wrists, dropping the keys to the cuffs on the bed.  I shift back down and cover your cock with my mouth again.  As I bob my head up and down, I feel your hands come to rest in my hair.  Your fingers immediately tighten, fisting in it as I again swallow your entire length.  You push down on my head, arching up into my mouth.  I take as much as I can, locking my lips tightly around your base and sucking hard on your cock, my throating stroking you as I swallow.  I purr around you as I hear your scream again, your cock pulsing hard against my tongue.

Pulse after pulse, wave after wave, you cum.  Flooding my mouth.  I swallow, desparate to keep you cumming.  My mouth keeps sucking at you as my tongue licks, pulling everything it can from you as you shudder and spasm for me.  Finally, there's nothing left and you've gone slack, your hands falling from my hair.  I pull back and lick my lips slowly and curl up at your side.

                             *  *  *

We've been in the car for two hours, music blaring when we finally get to my friend's place.  The next stop on the tour.  You help my bring my bags in.  As you leave, you tenderly touch my face and smile.  "I'll be back in 3 days to pick you up."  Funny, this trip, it's the ride I'm looking forward to the most.