Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 5:

Gym class...my ancient nemesis. At least Ava, Haylee, and Johnny are in this class with me, although I have a few other friends here too who don't yet know my secret identity and I'd like to keep it that way. In the locker room while we changed, I was oddly less ashamed than usual about stripping to my underwear in front of the other girls. I guess compared to spreading my bits in public this was a cakewalk.

Haylee was still focused on my revenge plot, but we had to talk in code in case anyone else overheard us "So this Jerry boy needs payback for spreading pics of who he thought was your girlfriend, but we don't want him to blab about you knowing 'Minka' either. Maybe I could hurt him and get what we want, and then share HIS pictures all over the school"

I touched her shoulder "Haylee I appreciate that, but you get in too much trouble as it is. I don't want you getting expelled over me. Honestly they'd probably expel anyone who did what we're talking about doing. It'll never work, he'd just turn us in afterwards and get us in huge trouble"

Ava then whispered to me "I'd like to see him try to get Minka in trouble, if you catch my drift"

With a raised eyebrow I reply "I really don't. How is Minka going to help here?"

Ava answered "What if you disguised yourself as Minka in order to get your revenge on that boy. That way he'd be tattling on a person who doesn't even exist."

Haylee joined in "Actually that could work. We'd just need to sneak you out of class early to change and do makeup, maybe have you pretend to get sick"

I finally waved them down "Guys...guys! This is crazy and would never work, and we need to stop talking about this in public"

Honestly most of the other girls were preoccupied with sharing and chatting about my pictures, so they weren't paying us much attention, but I was still very nervous. I've been recognized far too often already, and I was hoping to somehow make it to the end of the day without being completely exposed. Truthfully though, part of me was kinda wanting to actually walk around school as Minka for once, just for the thrill of it. Still, it was far too risky and I'd probably end up getting caught or recognized immediately.

As I left the girls locker area I was almost immediately met by Johnny who informed me "So fyi, Billy is now telling people that he's slept with Minka before, but he claims he dumped her for being a 'dead fish' in bed. He's also been saying a lot of other nasty things about her. You should just stay far away from him, Sophie, so that he doesn't hurt you again"

I lowered my head and nodded in disbelief. Haylee, however, heard what he said and practically sprinted forward to find Billy. I tried calling out her name, but she wasn't going to listen to me. Haylee made a pretty big scene of roasting Billy in front of the entire gym class for being a lying little shit for two minutes straight. He kept doubling down on his lie though.

Finally Haylee had enough and called him out "Boy, you don't even know that girl's NAME. But guess what, Tinkerbell? I do. So come on, tell me and the rest of the class her name if you know her so well, I dare you!"

Ok Haylee, going too far! Dial it back dial it back! CODE RED!!

Billy tried to scoff "You don't know her..."

Haylee used one hand to push his chest "Yes I do, moron. I know everyone who matters in this city. So go on, tell me her name. You have 5 seconds."

Billy was pretty frozen, but finally blurted out "J..Jessica"

Haylee clapped her hands "Wrong! Her name is Minka. So like I said, you don't know shit. Sit down, shut up, and quit embarrassing yourself"

Haylee walked away triumphantly, but myself and everyone else in hearing range just stood staring at her in shock. This was the first time that anybody had publicly named the pic girl, and now suddenly everyone was frantically responding to what Haylee had just said. People started hitting her up with follow-up questions while others were looking up the name on Google and Facebook trying to find her. Just what I needed, my psycho little friend... now everyone knows "her" name and that we are connected to her.

One of the other girls I know, Rachael, tapped me on the shoulder and asked "Hey wait, you guys were talking about a Minka in the locker area. Does that mean you three ACTUALLY know who the naked girl really is and she's not just bluffing?"

Why not, time to add more layers to my big lie "Sorta, but we are NOT supposed to say anything and I can't believe she just did that. She's not from our school but a few of us have hung out with her before. Please try to keep it quiet."

Rachael put her hand up to point at Haylee's crowd "Too late for that now probably. If you see her, though, tell her that I'm a huge fan of hers, and I'm single right now if she's looking for some girl-girl adventures. Be my wing-girl, Soph."

Whoa. Ok, I didn't even KNOW that Rachael was into girls, so that was a revelation by itself. But she also just basically asked me out, without knowing that it was me. That made me shiver a little bit, because Rachael is pretty cute. I meekly reply "Um...ok, but I probably won't see her. It's complicated"

Haylee finally escaped her horde of curious horny teenagers to see me again, quickly looking guilty and saying "I'm sorry, Sophie. I just couldn't let him keep running his mouth like that."

I gave her a silly look "I guess it's ok. It was pretty funny to watch Billy die inside in front of everyone. What did you say to all of the people asking you about Minka though?"

Haylee then looked REALLY guilty and confessed "...So you know that Telegram account of hers?"

I gasped "You didn't!"

She sheepishly said "She's going to have several new friends to shower her with affection and marriage proposals in the next few minutes. Sorry!"

I very loudly groaned.

Later in class while we all had to do our opening run (which I hate and suck at), that incel walking turd Billy slowed down some to be side by side with me. Great. Super great. Now what?

He asked "Hey, is it true that you guys actually know that girl in the pictures?"

Argh, I knew it. I coldly answer "Yes, unlike you and your loser bullshit earlier."

Billy then asked "Can you hook me up with her?"

Grooooooss! I snap back "Billy I would rather drink piss than help you try to get laid."

Getting angry he responded "Come on! Don't be a bitch. You don't need to hold out on me just because you're jealous that you'll never be half as hot as she is"

My man, my man...the multiple layers behind what you just said to me would be enough to make a psychologist jump out a window. Still, I am not in the mood for him today "Go away. Why would I ever help you?"

Billy actually begged me "Come oooon! Look, I've got $50 on me. Hook me up and it's yours. Easy money" I was starting to get a little worried about this conversation getting out of control to be honest.

Suddenly Ava caught up with us both from behind and joined in "Hey dude! Give me the cash and I'll get Minka to meet you in the boys locker room a few minutes after school, as long as you tell nobody else and you wait for her alone with her friend Johnny there as a bodyguard. Deal?"

Billy looked at her and smiled "Deal! But if you don't do it, I'm getting my money back"

As Billy sped up and left us poor, slow, absolutely not athletic girls behind, I turned to look at Ava and ask her "Whyyyyyy?"

Ava then replied "So you know how we were planning to have you dress up as Minka to get Jerry back? Imagine getting even with Billy and his years of toxic BS at the same time."

I retorted "This is a stupid plan. Why do I keep letting you and Haylee talk me into things?"

Speaking of things that my friends thrust upon me this class, after the run I check my phone quickly just to see the damage from Haylee giving out Minka's Telegram account. I almost drop my phone in shock when I see 124 new friend adds. There's only about 40 students in this entire gym class, so it's fairly obvious that these guys are giving out Minka's information to their friends as well. Wonderful. Fantastic. There's no possible way this could all backfire. Joy!

Honestly I might as well just roll with it. Maybe somehow this will end up being a good thing. If everyone in school thinks Minka and Sophie are two completely different people, then isn't that what I want? I can play the part of Minka in online chats just fine for a while. It might even be a bit of naughty fun. I figure there's no point in putting it off, so I accept all 124 friend adds and brace myself mentally for the wave of greetings and comments that I'm likely going to get on there. I'm really hoping that it's mostly positive and doesn't turn into a huge source of additional stress for me right now.

Suddenly from behind me I hear "Sophie Vos you lying little BRAT!", scaring me so badly that I almost dropped my phone.

I turn around to see Rachael standing there, looking amused but somewhat upset. I am freaking out a little bit right now, so I cautiously ask "..What? What did I do now?"

Rachael answered "So I just heard from my younger sister that the latest gossip of the underclassmen is that the pic girl is the girlfriend of Arnold Vos's older sister. That's you! Coincidentally, you and Haylee knew her real name of Minka when nobody else did. Are you telling me that you are dating that freaking supermodel and you were trying to keep it a SECRET? Also when I asked you to put in the good word for me, you said you would...lying little brat!"

Oh crap oh crap. Jerry must've finally blabbed about Minka's pictures being taken at my house, and that he thought she was my secret girlfriend! No no no, I really didn't want that rumor to get out, because linking me and Minka together will make it far FAR too easy for people to finally figure out that we're the same person. Damnit no! Argh. Rachael is at least 20 decibels too loud to be saying these things in public right now!

I have to think fast, there's no time for hesitation now. I quickly wave her voice down and whisper "Not so loud! And just for the record no, I'm not dating her, but the bastard who leaked her pictures all over school did steal the originals from me. That's why he thinks we are a thing, but she's just a friend me and the others know from out of town. Yes, I helped with the original pictures, it's a long story. That is a HUGE secret that we don't want anybody knowing, such as my parents for one! Please don't tell anyone and please try to squash that rumor for me. The leaker Jerry is an asshole and Minka wants to hurt him very badly for what he did. She is super depressed right now and wants it all to blow over before HER school finds out about it. I'm begging you, Rachael, help us out! If you help keep this quiet...well, I'm sure Minka would really appreciate it."

I'm honestly proud of my lie, but I don't know if she bought it or not. I'm standing here shivering from nervousness! Rachael suddenly put her hand on my shoulder. I must've looked frantic with fear, and I could feel my heart beating fast enough to beat the Flash in a footrace.

She calmly told me "Hey Sophie, I'm sorry. I didn't know about all of that. No wonder you guys have been trying to keep things secret, since she doesn't want her pics spreading through her own school. If I was her I'd be scared out of my mind...there's nothing in the world more embarrassing than that. Could you even imagine the ENTIRE SCHOOL looking at your nude pics? I'd just die. I'll do what I can to help you guys, including getting my sister to tell the other younglings that you're single and that whoever said otherwise is full of it."

I actually had tears in my eyes "Thank you!"

Seeing my tears, she consoled me "It's ok, Sophie, no need to get so emotional! I can tell she means a lot to you, and she's really lucky having a friend like you looking out for her like this."

A friend like me? I'm the one that got her..me..."us" in this mess in the first place by taking those pictures at all, much less forgetting about Arnold and Jerry having my tablet at the time. Honestly though, it is a big comfort to have my friends looking out for me, even if ones like Rachael don't know the entire truth. I'm starting to wonder if I even remember the whole truth myself anymore. I part from Rachael hoping that she keeps her word and tries to smash the growing rumor, but what if the damage has already been done? My head was still spinning, realizing that I am extremely close to being outed to the entire school at any moment now. I'm feeling nauseous again.

I don't know what to do to give me more distance between Sophie and Minka, and the entire time that we're playing battleball my mind is completely distracted thinking about it. I was getting tagged out far too easily, embarrassingly so to be honest. Ava came to check on me after getting herself eliminated one round shortly after I did. I filled her in on the newest details, and she came back to me with a hard truth that I couldn't deny: Minka HAS to confront Jerry today, immediately after school, or else he could continue to run his mouth and ruin everything. I no longer had a choice. Between him and Billy, not to mention the horde of people in the chat program, Minka was about to have an extremely busy after school adventure.

