Consequences

“I really think you should leave now.”

Ianto raised his head. “Jack, please, I can explain.”

“No. Just go Ianto.” Jack turned his back. Ianto staggered to his feet. He placed his hand on Jack’s shoulder. Jack turned angrily. “Don’t touch me! You’ve thrown Owen to the wolves,” he shouted, before continuing more quietly. “Just leave. Please.”

Ianto left in silence. Once he was on the pavement outside Jack’s house he slipped his phone from his pocket.

“I need a lift.” The phone was returned to his pocket. He waited patiently. The car arrived within five minutes. Twenty minutes later he knocked on the door of a non-descript house in a non-descript street in Splott.

Jack

Jack had watched Ianto leave, not knowing what to do. He watched him waiting on the pavement, then leaving. Jack sighed, before returning to the bottle of brandy.

Ianto

The door opened. Ianto headed through to the back room.

“Is he here?”

“Yes.”

“In the basement?”

“Yes.”

Ianto turned to leave the room, but Dai called him back. “Ianto.” Ianto turned to face him. “You know I still love you, don’t you?”

“I know Dai. I love you too.”

Ianto headed to the basement. Owen’s limp form was lying, still naked, on a polythene sheet. Blood still oozed from his wounds. Ianto crouched down beside Owen, running his fingers through the unconscious man’s hair.

“You should have listened to me, Owen.” He stood, turning to the men. “You’ve done a good job, boys. Dress him, and dump him where you found him.”

Dai was leaning in his office doorframe when Ianto exited the basement. Stepping forward, he grasped Ianto’s hand, stroking his thumb over Ianto’s knuckles. Brown eyes met blue, searching.

“Stay?” Dai’s voice was a near whisper.

“I can’t, Dai,” Ianto shook his head. “You know I can’t.”

Ianto was late to work the following morning. He was also wearing the same clothes as the previous day. Tosh and Gwen exchanged a concerned glance.

“Morning ladies,” Ianto called, as he headed to his office. Gwen followed, hot on his heels.

“Ianto. What’s going on?”

“What do you mean, Gwen?”

“You’re late, Owen’s not in and Jack’s sulking in the archives.” Ianto raised an eyebrow to this.

“And why does that mean there’s something going on?” The look Gwen gave him brooked no nonsense. “I had a bit too much to drink last night. I stayed with a friend. I don’t know about Owen or Jack. Ask them.” He paused. “Right now, I’m going for a shower and a clean suit.”

Ianto was heading to the shower when Jack appeared from the archives.

“Can I talk to you, sir?” Jack asked. “In your office?”

“Sure. No problem.” Ianto turned back to his office, entering after Jack. He closed the door behind them. “What would you like to discuss.”

Jack glowered at Ianto. “I think you already know, sir.” His voice was laced with sarcasm on the “sir”. Ianto raised an eyebrow. He sat himself behind his desk, and waited for Jack to continue.

“Owen hasn’t come in yet,” Jack started. “Do you know where he is?”

“Why would I know? I’m only just in myself.” Ianto paused. “Have you tried phoning him?”

“Surely that’s your job.” There was a long silence as Ianto considered his options. He didn’t want to phone Owen while Jack was in his office, but he also didn’t want Jack to try phoning him. “You could try phoning him now.”

Ianto sighed. “Leave it Jack. I’ll deal with it in my own time.”

“No, Ianto. Do it now.” Jack stood, leaning over Ianto’s desk. “You know what’s happened to him, don’t you? That’s why you don’t want to phone him, isn’t it?”

“Jack, please. Drop it.” Ianto stormed out of his office, leaving Jack open-mouthed. 

Ianto

Ianto headed to the showers. He stripped off his day old suit, dumping it unceremoniously on the floor of the locker room, before he stepped under the spray.

The water was hot, near scalding. Ianto leant heavily against the shower stall, water massaging his shoulder muscles. His thought drifted from the issues of the day to the events of the previous night. Dai had been so gentle with him, caressing him, soothing him. He knew he shouldn’t have – Dai was like an older brother to him, but he had been unable to stop. He soaped himself, imagining Dai’s soft touches, finally rinsing himself off.

Towelling himself, his thoughts returned to work, and the issues surrounding Owen. Owen who had disobeyed a direct order. Owen who had been brutalised by Dai’s men. Owen who could be dead for all Ianto knew. With a heavy heart, Ianto dressed and returned to his office.

Jack

Jack stared at Ianto’s retreating back. He could not believe what had just happened. He exited Ianto’s office to speak to Tosh. As Ianto’s second, and medical officer, he hoped she could help him. If she could have Ianto declared medically unfit for duty, then perhaps they could sort this whole mess out.

“Tosh. Could I speak to you in Ianto’s office? Please?” Tosh followed Jack, intrigued with why he would want to speak to her in private. Closing the door behind them, Jack turned to Tosh.

“I’m really concerned about Ianto,” Jack began. “He’s mixed up with a bad crowd, and I think he’s had something done to Owen.”

“What do you mean, Jack?”

“Yes, Jack. What do you mean?” They both turned to see Ianto standing in the doorway.