Author: mypenname3000
Editor: Master Ken
Title: The Devil's Pact Side-Story: Willow's Fantasy
Summary: Willow's deepest, darkest fantasy is to molest a patient while giving her a gynecological exam. Now, thanks to a little magic from Sam, she's getting the chance.
Keywords: Ff FFf HF mc magic 1st doctor fsolo toy

Copyright 2013

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This takes place in between Chapters 32 and 33.

Sunday, July 15th, 2013

	I walked through my clinic, inspecting the finishing touches to the remodel. Everything was looking great, which was a good thing, because tomorrow was Monday and the grand opening of the Women's Health Organization for Reproductive Empowerment. We were a charity Gynecological Clinic to provide free OB/GYN services to poor girls, and to find a few, beautiful young women who might want to serve Mark and Mary.

	It wasn't a big clinic. There was a small reception area with a few chairs, the newest magazines sitting on a glass coffee table, and a windowed counter where Jayda, my receptionist, would work. Behind her counter were the filing cabinets where patient records would be stored. Jayda was setting up her computer, a frown spoiling the beauty of her innocent-looking face. She was young, only twenty, and very pretty. She was my favorite of the four women that worked for me. Today she wearing a pair of old jeans and a loose shirt. A silver choker was around her neck that read: Willow's Gal.

	All my workers wore the chokers. Besides Jayda, there were three nurses: Hayfa, a dusky skinned Arab with beautiful, dark eyes; Madalyn, a strawberry-blonde cutie with huge breasts; and Thi, a doll-faced Vietnamese woman with a beautiful smile. All four women were volunteers from the Church of the Living Gods, eager to serve their Gods and gain eternal beauty. Apparently, getting bound with the Zimmah spell was something many of the worshipers aspired to.

	I did not get why anyone would worship Mark and Mary. 

	Maybe it was because I knew them. I knew firsthand that they weren't Gods, just humans who made some dark pact with the Devil and consorted with other demons. They could have put a stop to being worshiped. But it played to their vanity, particularly Mark's, who had an ego the size of Jupiter. I used to be one of their sex slaves, but after the attack last month, the pair grew a conscience. They freed all of us sluts, as they called us, and I decided to work for them, running their clinic. The perks were great; I had four beautiful women that were eager to share my bed. 

	Particularly young, fresh-faced Jayda.

	I walked down the hallway that led back to my office, the three exam rooms, a bathroom, a small laboratory, and a breakroom. The hall smelled of fresh paint and I squeezed past a few Church volunteers who were just finishing painting the walls an eggshell white. Each exam room was furnished with exam tables, counters, and shelves full of all the supplies necessary for a clinic. My three nurses were going through the inventory of each room, making sure we had everything ready for the grand opening.

	I paused as I stared at the exam table, picturing a young woman just coming into her sexuality. I would spread her legs and examine her young vagina covered only by a sparse mat of hair. She would be nervous, and trusting, as she experiences her first Gynecological examination. She would shudder as I probed her vagina carefully with my finger, looking for abnormalities. All the while I would be enjoying the feel of her innocent womanhood on my fingers as I carefully brought her to an orgasm.
 
	I was getting wet just thinking about it. After a few years working as an OB/GYN I developed that fantasy. I felt guilty, at first. How could I get so aroused at the thought of molesting my young patients? I was straight, dating Yancy at the time, and I couldn't understand why I would have such disgusting fantasies. I tried to suppress them, to forget about them. I married Yancy, even though I wasn't happy with the relationship, trying to convince myself I was happy with him. He was a great guy, and I tried so hard to make our marriage work. And then Mark and Mary came along and they awakened me to pleasures I had only fantasized about. 

	When Mary sat on my exam table, and spread her legs, I had been shocked to see Mark's cum leaking out of her vagina. With a few words, Mary had convinced me to molest her as I did my exam. I remembered how she shuddered so deliciously as I brought her to an orgasm. It was all my dreams come true.

	After that, I started to realize I was gay.

	These last few weeks, living with my nurses and Jayda, I found just how satisfying being with a woman could be. No wonder I was never happy with Yancy. I had been living a lie. Deep, deep inside me I must have known the truth. I was a lesbian and my conscious brain just refused to see the signs.

	Tomorrow, I was going to experience my darkest, most depraved fantasy. I was going to molest one of my patients. I just needed one thing and hopefully she could help me out. I sighed; I had been putting off going to see Sam. The disgusting woman was always leering at me, stroking that vile cock she created for herself.

	Is that computer ready, Jayda? I asked as I walked back up front.

	Yes, Mistress, Jayda answered. It was so delicious to hear someone call you 'Mistress'. No wonder Mark and Mary made us all their slaves.

	I left the nurses to finish getting things ready as Jayda and I got into my red Prius. Sam would want something to pay for what I needed and I have seen her leer at Jayda. Hopefully she would be enough; I would hate to have to get fucked by Sam's freakish dick. I drove up Meridian, turned right onto 39th Avenue and took that out to Shaw Road, hung a left, then turned right into the Mountain View Estates. The bodyguards waved me in, dressed in their slutty cop outfits. My eyes lingered on their figures, the way their breasts just seemed about to spill out of their half-unbuttoned blouses. Mark and Mary owned the entire neighborhood; the only people that lived on the block were their families and employees. They gave me 2911, third house on the right, that I shared with my three nurses and Jayda. I pulled into the garage and Jayda and I walked up the street to Sam's house.

	Sam lived at the second house on the right, just around the bend in the road. I knocked on the wooden door, stained a dark red, with frosted windows. I waited for a minute, grabbed the brass knocker on the door and knocked again. I heard soft footsteps, then Candy, Sam's plaything, opened the door naked. She was a young, curvy woman with hazel eyes and a playful smile on her lips. Her hair was dyed garishly: half cotton-candy blue the other half bubble-gum pink.

	I need to speak to Sam, I snapped.

	Candy licked her lips suggestively. Is that all you really need? Maybe you need to use her special tool, she giggled.

	Wipe that grin off your face and tell Sam it's important, I ordered.

	Fine, Candy pouted and flounced off, her tight rear wiggling delightfully as she walked up the stairs. A moment later she returned and invited us in and led us to the living room. Would you like anything to drink? I asked for a white wine and Jayda for a coke. Candy smiled bitchily at us and pointed at the kitchen. Feel free to get it yourself.

	Well, well, I'm surprised to see you here, Dr. WolfTail, Sam said smugly as she sauntered in. She was naked, her dark-olive skin glistening with beaded water, her short, blue-black hair damp, and her filthy cock swinging between her legs. I thought you wanted nothing to do with my 'disgusting growth?' Right? That's what you said. Her eyes narrowed.

	Yes, well, I need something for the clinic, I replied, trying to sound diplomatic. For their clinic.

	Sam sat down next to Candy, fingered a strand of blue hair, then pulled her plaything's head down to her lap. Candy opened her mouth, eagerly sucking Sam's cock into her lips. Sam leaned back, smiling at me, and I tried my best to hide my disgust. It wasn't natural, a woman having a cock, but Sam loved to flaunt what she gave herself.

	What do you need, Dr. WolfTail?

	Well, Ms. Soun, I need something to make the young girls biddable, I said. To keep them relaxed and docile, and to leave no bad memories of their examination.

	Sam's grin turned hungry. You want something to let you molest the girls you exam? I nodded stiffly. That hardly seems like something Mark or Mary want you to do.

	They need me to find them girls, I answered. Willing girls, to work for them. I need to make sure they are...responsive.

	Sam laughed wickedly. I can arrange that, for a price.

	What? I asked, trying to ignore Candy's sloppy blowjob.

	Well, I need a volunteer to test my amulets on, Sam answered.

	What? I asked in surprise. I thought those weren't working yet. Sam was working on amulets that could deflect bullets. She promised they would be better than a bulletproof vest, if she could only figure out how to get them to work.

	It's possible they don't work because I've only tried them on mannequins. But, if I had a living person to shoot at... Sam shrugged. That might make it work.

	Absolutely not, I snapped. Shoot at one of the bodyguards. That's what they're good for.

	A suggestive look crept into Sam's eyes. Well, I know you think my cock is disgusting, but if you give me a blowjob, that'll cover it. And swallow, of course.

	How about Jayda gives you one, I countered.

	Sam eyed the girl, who blushed prettily. I'll need more than a blowjob from her. I want her for the week.

	The night, I countered. I need her for the clinic.

	Sam grinned. For the night. But I get to use all of her.

	Of course, I said, shuddering to think what this hermaphroditic freak would do to my sweet Jayda. But, I wanted to molest some sweet, young girl too much to balk at her price.

	Sam pushed Candy off her cock. You know what to buy? Sam asked and Candy nodded. Good, go. Candy scurried off and Sam crooked her finger at Jayda. Why don't you come suck my cock. And take that choker off, you are my slut for the night.

	Jayda glanced at me and I nodded. I stood up as Jayda took off her choker and knelt before Sam. Jayda grabbed the cock and hesitantly started sucking it. I'll expect my magic and Jayda by seven tomorrow morning.

	Oh yes, Sam moaned, stroking Jayda's honey-brown hair.

	I took Hayfa to bed with me and spent half the night fucking her with the largest strap-on cock I had. I used every hole the poor girl had, trying to wear myself out. I was so excited to finally live my dream, I just couldn't fall asleep. Finally, I passed out from exhaustion, and the alarm ringing at 6:30 AM was far too soon. At seven, I walked over to Sam's house, dressed in a tight, gray skirt and violet blouse. Candy opened the door and led me up to the bedroom. Sam and Jayda were sprawled on the rumpled sheets. Cum stained Jayda's hair and leaked out of her cunt and ass. She was sleeping softly and yawned when Sam woke her up with a kiss. I wasn't pleased to see Jayda kissing Sam back so eagerly.

	Go home and get that disgusting cum cleaned off your body, I ordered Jayda. And put your choker back on.

	Yes, Mistress, Jayda squeaked as she darted from the room.

	Sam's grin made me grind my teeth. So smug and pleased with herself. Candy handed me a brown paper bag. I looked inside to seen incense sticks. Really? I asked her.

	Aromatherapy is a very old practice, Sam answered. When burned, anyone not bound by the Zimmah spell will be very docile and will let you do whatever you want to them. Afterward, they'll think it was all just a daydream. A very pleasant daydream.

	There are only fifteen in here, I complained, counting the sticks.

	One for every time your sweet Jayda made me cum, Sam grinned, stroking her hardening cock. If you want more, just let me poke her a few times.

	You're disgusting, I sneered. 

	She laughed derisively. You're the one looking to molest your patients. Now, if you don't mind, I need to get some sleep. Jayda and I didn't get much rest at all last night. Sam's wicked laugh followed me out of her bedroom. I didn't care. I had what I wanted.

	I was excited to try out the magical incenses and was full of energy as we got the clinic ready for our first patient. Word of a free clinic was out, and we were booked full of patients for the first two weeks. The first patient was a disappointment, fat and homely, and I rushed through the exam as fast as possible. 

	By the time I saw my fifth patient, I was despairing of ever seeing even a moderately attractive woman walk in. Sighing, I walked to exam room 3, grabbing the patient's chart that hung on the door. I gave a quick read through the patient's medical history, sexual history, and the vitals that Madalyn took. I walked into the room, putting on the professional smile I liked to give my patients, and almost stopped in surprise.

	Her name was Cindy Mayflower, fourteen, and a virgin, according to her chart. She was here for her first ever Gynecological exam. And she was just perfect. She was nervous, trying to hide it with a shy smile. Her blonde hair was long and gave her face a waifish cast. Her green eyes sparkled and she relaxed when she saw me. She wore an examination gown, her clothes carefully folded on a seat. I eyed her body; she was flat-chested, her breasts just starting to develop, and her lower legs were slim and beautiful with a pair of cute, ankle socks fringed in lace covering her dainty feet.

	Hi, I'm Dr. WolfTail, I greeted. But you can call me Dr. Willow.

	She nodded. Okay, Dr. Willow.

	Relax, relax, I told her. Do you like incense? I find that the pleasant smell can help relax a patient.

	Madalyn smiled at me, moving to the drawer where five of Sam's incense sticks were kept, along with an incense burner. She lit it with a lighter, and a pleasant, lavender smell started to fill the room. It wouldn't affect Madalyn or myself, we were both bound to Mark with the Zimmah spell, but I saw Cindy breathe the pleasant aroma in deeply and then relax.

	That's lovely, Cindy murmured.

	Well, let's get that exam gown off, I said, brusquely.

	Oh, really? Cindy flushed. 

	Yes. Madalyn, why don't you help her, I said.

	Absolutely, Doctor, Madalyn smiled, taking Cindy's hand and pulling her gently to her feet. Let's just get this coarse thing off of you. Cindy held up her arms as Madalyn pulled the gown off her body and I felt warmth spread from my pussy; she was absolutely to die for. Her breasts were just budding, little bumps topped by small, pink nipples. Her hips were starting to develop curves, and I let my eyes trail over to the wisps of blonde hair sprouting on her pubic mound.

	You are such a beautiful girl, I breathed.

	I am? Cindy asked. I mean, I'm so flat. All the other girls need to wear bras.

	I think they're just perfect, Madalyn told her, and my nurse boldly ran her finger around Cindy's small mound, tracing up to her nipple. Cindy shivered, her nipple hardening.

	Cindy glanced at Madalyn. You really think so? Cindy asked, eying the well-endowed nurse with a bit of envy.

	I think she wants to see your tits, I told my nurse.

	Cindy bit her lip and then her green eyes widened in surprise as Madalyn pulled off her sky-blue scrub top, exposing a large pair of heavy breasts. They're so big, Cindy breathed. Your aerola is so wide. Wider than a silver dollar.

	Madalyn pressed her arms against the sides of her big boobs, forcing the fleshy orbs together and she shook them teasingly at Cindy. You can touch them, dearie, Madalyn purred.

	Cindy hesitantly reached out and gently squeezed a handful of Madalyn's tits. Wow, she whispered. 

	Well, Cindy, let's check your heart and lungs, I told her. Cindy hopped back on the table and I grabbed my stethoscope and placed it on her chest.

	She gasped as my stethoscope touched the edge of her left aerola as I listened for her heartbeat. That's cold.

	I grinned as I listened to her heart, my hand brushing against her hard nipples as I moved the stethoscope around. She had a strong heart; then I listened to her breathing. Everything was just fine, but I let myself linger a little longer, moving around her breasts and enjoying the little shudders that passed through her body every time I caressed her nipple. While I check her lungs from her supple back, my other hand rested lightly on her right breast.

	Now, let me give you a breast exam. It was completely unnecessary at her age, but I just wanted to play with those small breasts. 

	As I reached out to grope her small breast, I could smell the spicy scent of her arousal. I gently cupped her breast with my hand, kneading the soft flesh as I 'examined' her. I enjoyed the feel of her firm, budding tit. Everything feels healthy, I murmured, now to check the nipple sensitivity.

	Okay, Doctor Willow, she sighed, her cheeks flushed.

	I took my fingers and gently pinched her nipple, rolling the hard, little nub between my fingers. How does that feel, Cindy?

	It feels good. It makes me tingle.

	Where?

	Her face turned crimson. My cunny, she whispered.

	Good, good, I smiled. You have very responsive nipples.

	I switched to her other breast, massaging the firm flesh as I pretended to search for lumps. Her breathing was growing heavier and she squirmed as her lust mounted. I bent down and sucked her right nipple into my lips, swirling my tongue around the nub.

	Oh, Doctor Willow! she gasped. What are you doing?

	Checking your nipple, I answered. I need to know if you respond to oral stimulation. We want to know that your body is developing properly.

	Oh, she answered, then sighed as I went back to sucking at her nipple. Hmm, that feels really good. Down there.

	Excellent I smiled as I released her nipple. You're a very responsive young woman.

	My cunny feels all wet, Cindy said with alarm.

	Your body is just responding to the stimulation, I said. It's very natural. I sat down on my exam stool and Madalyn guided her legs into the stirrups. Her pussy was flushed and damp with her arousal. She had a tight slit, no labia minora peaking out, and her clitoral glans was tiny, just peaking out of her clitoral hood. You are a lucky girl, I told her. You probably won't need to use lube when you have sex.

	I glanced at her face and she had managed to flush even redder. She jumped as my finger gently traced her labia majora, enjoying the silky feel of her almost bare lips. She bit her lower lip, her eyes wide as she watched me trace the edge of her slit, up around her clitoris, and back down the other side. Her juices accumulated on my finger and when I finished my trace I held up my finger, examining the clear, slick liquid. I rubbed it between my fingers then licked my finger slowly, tasting her spicy flavor.

	Oh my gosh, Cindy whispered. You tasted it.

	Your vaginal lubrication appears healthy, I told her. No strange color, odor, or flavor. I paused, and smiled at her. In fact, you taste just delicious.

	That's good, Cindy said weakly.

	Now, I'm just going to do a visual examination. I used my fingers to spread open her labia majora. She was pink and wet inside, her labia minora small and swollen. I shined my penlight into her vaginal opening and saw that her hymen was intact. Everything looked fine, so I let myself stroke her labia minora. How does this feel?

	She was quivering with pleasure, her voice thick with arousal. Very nice, Doctor.

	Good, good, I told her, tracing the petals of her womanhood around her vaginal opening. Then I reached her small clitoris and gently rubbed it. Her body jumped as the pleasure surged through her youthful body. And how about that.

	Oh my gosh, what did you do? she asked in awe.

	That is your clitoris, I told her. Do you masturbate?

	Not really, Cindy answered. Sometimes I rub against a pillow.

	Well, your clitoris has more tactile nerve endings then any other spot on your body, I told her. Masturbation is a very healthy activity, you should do it as often as you like.

	Oh, okay, she said. She was so cute with her face flushed in embarrassment.

	Now I'm going to do a bimanual examination. I'm going to insert two fingers inside your vagina and then press onto your groin with my other hand to detect any abnormalities. So just relax.

	Okay, Doctor.

	She drew in her breath as I gently slid two fingers into her tight, virgin hole. You're quite tight, I told her. And very warm and silky. I pressed up against her hymen. Your hymen is still intact. I can break through your hymen for you. It will let your first sexual encounter with a boy be more pleasurable, or allow you to use dildos while masturbating.

	I gently slid my fingers in and out of her, allowing my thumb to brush her clitoris. Oh, um, I guess. If you think, ohh, it's best, Doctor.

	I do, I told her. After the examination is finished.

	I gently pressed on her groin, feeling for any abnormalities. I kept up my shallow finger fuck, enjoying Cindy's sweet moans. I started stroking her clitoris, using my thumb, rubbing it with gentle circles. Cindy was squirming on the exam table, tossing her head and arching her back as sweet pleasure flowed through her body. The paper on the exam table crinkled as it stuck to her sweaty back. My own pussy was on fire and I took my left hand and pulled up my skirt and pushed my gray, silk panties off and found my pussy. My thick pubic hair was matted with my arousal, and I gave myself a bimanual examination.

	Oh my gosh, doctor, Cindy suddenly panted. Oh my gosh, that's so amazing! Oh, yes, yes! Please don't stop, something's happening.

	Nurse, the patient is growing too loud, give her something to occupy her mouth.

	Madalyn smiled. I know just the thing, Doctor. Madalyn moved to the head of the exam table, stroking Cindy's face, presenting her heavy breast and fat nipple to Cindy's lips. Suck it, dearie, Madalyn cooed.

	Cindy licked her lips, eying the hard nipple hovering over her face. I gave her clitoris a nice stroke and she shivered in pleasure, then opened her lips and engulfed Madalyn's fat nipple, sucking instinctively. Madalyn purred in pleasure, stroking Cindy's blonde hair. I looked down at Cindy's aroused vagina, licking my lips. She smelled so heavenly, I just had to taste her. I bent down and started licking at her slit, sucking her slim labia minora into my lips and rubbing the tip of my nose gently against her clitoris.

	I pulled my fingers out of her tight vagina, and buried my tongue into her hole, drinking her spicy juices. Her hips bucked and I wrapped my right arm around her leg, holding her down and pinching her clitoris. I fucked my fingers in and out of my pussy, feeling my orgasm build as I pleasured young Cindy. My tongue wiggled deep into her pussy, pressing up at her hymen.

	A sudden flood of spicy juices filled my lips as Cindy bucked on the table. I dug my fingers into my cunt, searching for my G-spot and joined my teenage patient, shuddering delightfully on my stool as my orgasm exploded throughout my body. I pushed back from the exam table, standing up. Madalyn pulled away and Cindy lay panting on the table, a happy smile on her lips.

	Was that an orgasm? Cindy asked as my nurse walked over to me.

	Yes, I told her, then kissed Madalyn, her tongue eagerly tasting Cindy's juices. Now, let's remove your hymen, okay?

	She nodded her head, her fingers reaching down and rubbing at her pussy. I shrugged out of my white doctor's coat, then started unbuttoning my blouse. Cindy was preoccupied with playing with her pussy, exploring her folds and crevasses. She smiled excitedly when she found her clitoris. Madalyn was unlocking a drawer, and pulling out the strap-on dildo. Every exam room was stocked with a variety of sex toys, for just such an occasion. Then Madalyn came up behind me, unhooking my bra. After Madalyn helped me out of my skirt and then pulled my panties down, she slid the strap-on up my legs. Cindy finally noticed I was naked, her eyes widening as she saw the purple dildo that Madalyn was strapping tightly against my clit.

	What are you doing, Doctor? she asked, fearfully.

	Preparing to remove your hymen, I told her with a smile. The strap-on dildo is the perfect tool.

	She bit her lip, looking unsure.

	Dildo's have a long history of medical uses, I explained. They were commonly prescribed to women to cure 'female hysterics'. Sexist, I know, but a young girl like you shouldn't keep her lust bottled up. So relax, it will be over quickly.

	I walked towards her, and I saw her eyes drink in my beauty. My skin was a beautiful, cinnamon shade, from my Native American heritage. I was a member of the Puyallup Tribe. My breasts jiggled and swayed as I walked, my nipples dark and hard. I pursed my lips - I had been told they were red and sensuous - my face framed by long, black hair.

	She jumped as I touched her pale thigh, stroking it with my hand. She was still in the stirrups as I mounted the exam table, the paper covering crinkling. Cindy's eyes were glued to the violet dildo that moved closer and closer to her virgin vagina. Her budding breasts heaved as I leaned over her, my breasts dragging across her stomach, up to her chest. My black hair fell in a curtain about my face as I stared down at her green eyes.

	Shh, I whispered as she opened her mouth to speak, then I bent down and captured her lips with a gentle kiss. Her lips were stiff as I kissed her, nibbling gently, and she slowly relaxed, kissing me back.

	I reached down, guiding the plastic cock to the entrance of her vagina. I rubbed it on her slit and I felt her stiffen momentarily beneath me. I kept kissing her, rubbing her labia majora and clitoris with the dildo, and felt her resistance fade. I kept prodding and I slowly slipped the dildo down her tight vaginal opening. I kept pushing, the dildo pressing pleasantly against my clit, until I felt the resistance of her hymen.

	I broke the kiss and whispered, Are you ready, Cindy?

	Is it going to hurt?

	I licked her ear, Just a bit, sweetie. And then it will feel wonderful.

	Okay, Doctor.

	I pushed forward, pressing against her hymen. The dildo drove back into my clit, pleasure tingling throughout my body. Cindy winced as my dildo suddenly tore through her hymen, burying deeper into her once-virgin hole. I rested in her, kissing her face and softly cooing at her. She relaxed, her tongue probing my mouth, kissing me with the awkward passion of youth.

	I started pumping my ass, a slow, gentle thrust. Cindy started panting softly, sighing in pleasure as the dildo rubbed against her sensitive walls. Every time I pushed into her, the dildo pressed against my clit. As my pleasure built, I needed more sensation on my clit, so I started fucking this sweet teen faster and faster. 

	Oh gosh, she sighed. Oh, Doctor, that feels amazing! No wonder people like sex.

	I sat up, hooking her legs with my arms, pushing them up higher and changing the angle I was thrusting into her vagina. How's that?

	Ohh, you're rubbing different spots. Umm, I like it. She licked her lips. Your breasts are bouncing. Her hand stretched out and the former virgin's hand gently cupped my breast. She gave it a squeeze, then moved her thumb to brush my nipple. Wow, they feel so nice. Soft yet firm somehow. I can't wait until I have tits.

	Umm, pinch my nipples, I gasped, pumping harder at her vagina. Electric pleasure tingled from my tit as her fingers pinched and played with my dark nipple.

	A low hum suddenly filled the room. Cindy and I turned to my right and saw Madalyn, fully naked, her legs spread obscenely as she rubbed a small, finger vibrator over her thick pussy lips and clitoris. She was shaved bald, her head thrown back as she moaned softly, her strawberry-blonde hair falling loosely about her shoulders. Cindy stared transfixed at the huge, heaving breasts as Madalyn pleasured herself.

	You like big tits? I asked her.

	They're just so large and round. I'm so jealous.

	I reached out, kneading her budding breast. Umm, but yours are just so cute. I bent over, still humping away, and licked and sucked at her nipple. She gasped as I gently nipped the hard nub with my teeth, then I sucked the entire nipple and aerola into my mouth.

	I'm feeling funny again! Cindy moaned. I think I'm gonna orgasm again. Oh, shoot, oh shoot! Something's building inside me.

	Cum, dearie, Madalyn purred. I want to watch that innocent face of yours contort as you cum.

	Yes, yes! I'm cumming! Oh shoot! Cindy bucked beneath me. 

	I released her nipple, thrusting hard into her. She kept moaning wordlessly and I kept fucking her as she came. I rose up on my arms, watching the cute teen as she bucked on the exam table, the paper covering crinkling as she writhed in pleasure. Her green eyes flashed as her eyelids fluttered with her pleasure. My own orgasm was nearing, threatening to explode. I thrust into her, the dildo grinding pleasurably hard on my clit, then I pulled out and thrust in again. In and out, every thrust fueling the fire.

	Oh fuck! I moaned as I shuddered in delicious release, burying the dildo deeply into her teenage vagina as the pleasure exploded through my body. Breathing hard, I stroked her sweaty, flushed face and bent down and kissed her lips one last time. In the background I could hear Madalyn's gasps as she came.

	I pulled out of Cindy, the dildo sticky with her juices and pink with her virginal blood. Cindy laid back on the exam table, her eyes closed and a contented smile on her face. Madalyn helped me remove the strap-on and started washing the sex toys as I quickly dressed. I handed Cindy her exam gown and she stood up; the paper covering on the exam table stuck to her sweaty back bringing a giggle from the girl. Madalyn pulled on her scrubs and Cindy laid back down on the exam table. I blew out the incense and Cindy blinked suddenly.

	Oh, Doctor, I'm sorry for falling asleep, she yawned.

	It's okay, sweetie, I told her. Is your mom or dad with you?

	My mom, Cindy answered, then shifted uncomfortably. I've never met my dad.

	Well, I need to talk to your mom before you leave, I told her. I'm afraid I'm going to need you to come back next week. It's nothing serious, but I may need weekly examinations to make sure everything is fine.

	Cindy nodded, paling a bit at my lie. I just had to have this sweet thing again. I took the dildo I fucked her with and placed it in a small, brown sack, handing it to her. She flushed when she saw what was in the bag. You'll need to masturbate with this dildo every night before you go to bed. It will help with your condition.

	O-okay, Doctor, Cindy blushed cutely.

	I led her out to the lobby and saw a beautiful woman, maybe thirty or thirty-one, with Cindy's green eyes and light brown-hair that fell losely about her shoulders. She wore a blue tanktop that clung to her large breasts and a pair of skinny jeans that hugged a round ass. I smiled and introduced myself.

	I'm Pearl, Cindy's mom replied, shaking my hand.

	I'm afraid Cindy has a very rare condition. It's called Prevarication Syndrome, I told her. Now, it's very manageable. I will, however, need to see her once a week.

	Oh, of course, Pearl nodded, concern painting her face.

	Now, this can be genetic, I told her, my eyes roaming her gorgeous body. I glanced at Jayda, yawning at the computer. Have there been any cancellations?

	Yeah, the 11:30 canceled, Jayda answered. Exam room 2 is open.

	I really would like to exam you, Pearl.

	Of course, she nodded in worry.

	Jayda, have Hayfa take Pearl back and tell her to light the incense. I turned and smiled at Pearl. I find a pleasant aroma relaxes my patients.

	I entered exam room 1; another fat patient I sighed. I rushed through her exam, impatient to finish so I could give Pearl a far more intimate examination. I was curious to find out if the mother tasted anything like the daughter.