Sister Love Ch. 01
by Nomansland69 ©

Background: My name is Claire, 23, and I work as a secretary in a law 
firm. My twin sister is flatting with me as she doesn't get along with my 
Mum's new boyfriend.

*

It was finally the weekend, and I was enjoying a well deserved sleep-in 
from the hard week at work. I finally woke from a deep sleep, disturbing 
my erotic dream I was having, and then remembered my throbbing head from a 
night out with the girls from work. I pushed the covers back and I felt a 
moist sensation between my legs.

"Wow, what a dream!" I said to myself. 

I placed my hand on my bald crotch, as I generally slept in the nude, and 
felt that my pussy was all wet. So I slid a finger into my slit, and I let 
out a gasp of pleasure, then pulled it out and licked my own juice off my 
finger. I got off my bed and grabbed my satin robe and putting it on and 
went to the bathroom.

I shut the door and hung my robe on the back of the door. I walked to the 
shower and twisted the knob to the correct temperature. I waited for a 
couple of minutes then stepped into the shower closing the glass door 
behind me. With a raging headache, the warm water felt nice and refreshing 
as it ran down my naked body, cascading down and massaging my skin at the 
same time. I picked the soap up and worked a lather in my hand, and then 
rubbed the soapy lather over my breasts and over my body. I was busy 
washing my body, and I heard the door open. I could see Tammy through the 
steamy glass shower door. 

She removed her nightie and then pushed her knickers down. Then, as I watch 
her undress, memories of as little girls flooded back. The memory sent a 
tingle down between my legs. At 5'6" and a 35C breasts pointed straight 
out. As she turned around, I could see a patch of fur that cover her 
entire mound. 

"What are you doing in here," I asked Tammy.

"Just relax, sis," she said opening the shower door.

"Get out Tam!" I said to her.

"Relax Claire, I've seen you naked before" she said.

"I know, but that was when we were little girls, things have changed!" I 
said. And she closed the door behind her.

"I know, just chill out sis, and enjoy it Claire", she said, "Pass the 
wash cloth babe"

"Just use your hands." I said and she pulled me into the two streams of 
water.

Tammy handed me a bar of soap and turned to face the marble wall. "Do my 
back." 

I lathered up my hands and rubbed them in big circles over her back 
starting at her shoulders and working my way down. Tammy leaned forward 
placing her hands on the wall, her head faced down between her arms as the 
hot water sprayed over her. 

I increased my courage and my circles included her ribs and hips, letting 
my hands reach around to sweep over her breasts. Every second or third 
time, I would stop at her nipples and give them extra attention; they 
hardened at my touch. I ran my hands along her arms stopping to gently rub 
her underarms. My sister was very sensitive there and had told me that 
when I kissed or caressed her underarms, it sent sparks shooting down 
between her legs. 

From there, I lathered up the soap again and worked my way down to her 
bottom. And what a thing of beauty: tight and perfectly shaped. Tammy's 
clothes clung so nicely to it; I know, because I would watch it just as 
much as everyone else while she walked

As the hot water created a cloud of steam, it fiied the shower box, and 
wrapped itself around us. I leaned forward and kissed Tammy's back. I 
lathered up my hands and began to rub her bottom. I soon plucked up the 
courage and began to run my slippery hand up and down her crack, she 
didn't even more or say anything. Instead, I could tell that she was 
getting aroused; her breathing deepened and she spread her legs apart for 
easier access to now moist pussy.

"Get it really clean," Tammy said, smiling over her shoulder.

"My, aren't we horny tonight." she said, I squatted down and ran my soapy 
hands along her legs enjoying the feel of her soft inner thighs. While I 
stroked them, my eyes never left that gorgeous ass right in front of my 
face, particularly her puckered little anus. I continued washing Tammy's 
legs working my way up until I was stroking her pussy from behind. She 
moaned at my touch. 

Then I took my thumbnail and softly scratched the flesh on her ass causing 
an immediate contraction of her cheeks. I pushed the tip of my thumb 
against her hole and let it gently slide in about the depth of my nail. 
Tammy responded by pushing back trying to force it in further. With my 
thumb inside her, I stood up and let my hips press up against her ass. 
Spreading my legs slightly, I brought my crotch against the back of my 
hand and started a slow pumping rhythm as my thumb slid in and out of her 
while I massaged her cunt.

Next, I leaned over so my breasts could lie against her back. I reached my 
other hand around and cupped her left breast, taking her swollen nipple 
between my fingers and giving it a firm squeeze. I pushed my pussy against 
my hand forcing my thumb into her as far as it would go.

"That feels so good," she managed to say as she met my thrusts. "Just the 
right size." 

Her words were slurred as her breathing quickened, her body trembled, her 
stomach sucked in and out. I loved the feel of my cunt pressing against my 
hand, but right there and then all I was thinking about was only of her; 
all I wanted was to make her come.

"God, if I only had a dick," I thought to myself.

She climaxed with a shudder, gritting her teeth and jerking her head up 
and back. She made a low moaning sound as she closed her eyes, the 
steaming water washing over us. I slowed my thrusts and tried to support 
Tammy to keep her from sinking to the floor of the shower, her legs 
shaking, her body limp. Slowly she recovered and caught her breath. As I 
took my thumb out of her, I gave her pussy a few loving strokes and 
covered her back and neck with kisses. She straightened and turned around, 
her eyes glazed over with lust.

Tammy wrapped her arms around my neck and locked her mouth on mine, her 
tongue shot out in a hot, wet kiss. This was not a sisterly peck but a 
full blown 'fuck me' kiss. Our breasts pressed together wet and slippery, 
soft and wonderful. We shifted slightly so our pussies could grind against 
each other's thighs.

Finally, we broke the embrace and I took Tammy by the hand. "Let's dry off 
and go to my bedroom," I said.

"Is that a proposition?" she asked with a giggle.

"Maybe it is?" I said

She kissed me again while she slid her hand down my stomach to my crotch, 
her middle finger resting between my folds. Then she whispered into my 
ear, "We're wasting time talking, when we could be making love."

Shutting off the water, we opened the glass doors and stepped out. Tammy 
grabbed two large towels, and we dried each other off. I was so turned on, 
I wanted to pull her down on the floor and eat her right there. But before 
I could, Tammy threw her towel over my head.

"Well, girl, if you want to fuck me, you've got to catch me first."

With that, she ran out the door and down the hall. Tossing the towel 
aside, I raced after her, thoroughly enjoying her girlish laughter, and 
the sight of her bouncing ass and long legs as she disappeared around the 
corner.

Down the hall we ran, two naked girls chasing each other like dogs in 
heat. The sight would have given any boy an instant hard-on and any girl a 
wet pussy. We raced around; me catching her only to have Tammy slip out of 
my grasp and sprint to the next room. Finally, she ran back up the hall, 
heading for my room and my king size bed. Tammy yanked the covers off and 
threw them to the side. Then she scrambled onto the bed and positioned 
herself with her back to the headboard. I rushed in and stopped a few feet 
away to catch my breath.

"Is there something you wanted, young lady?" she said nonchalant as if she 
had just noticed me for the first time.

I squatted down with my arms resting on my knees. Then I slowly ran my 
hands along the inside of my thighs until they were at my crotch. Tammy 
kept her gaze locked on the spot between my legs as I spread myself open. 
I was so wet that when the cool air hit my hole, it gave me a rush.

I gave out a little growl and went down on my hands and knees, my cunt 
throbbing, ready to be eaten. I slowly crawled towards the bed, and at the 
edge of the bed, I growled again and climbed up the side until I was 
poised like a cat on the far corner.

"My, My, the lioness is hungry tonight?" Tammy asked.

I growled deep and sexy. 

Tammy brought her knees up and spread her legs apart. Then she reached 
down with her finger tips and opened herself. I could see drops of 
moisture on her short fur, the inside of her hole glistened. "Here's your 
dinner, pussycat; hot and pink, just like you like it."

I crawled forward until I was directly over her crotch. Her scent filled 
my nostrils. I was so turned on, my body shook, my eyes blurred. I bent 
down and kissed her hairy pussy with the same passion I would have kissed 
her mouth. Then I lowered myself onto the bed, the cool sheets felt 
wonderful on my naked body still sweaty from our chase. As Tammy wrapped 
her long legs around my head, I buried my face in her sex, devouring it 
like a hungry animal; licking, sucking and drinking in all the love juice 
that flowed out of her.

I reached up and took her nipples between my finger tips and squeezed them 
as I licked her. She moved her hips in unison to my thrusts, and her soft 
purring quickly turned to moans as her body built to a climax. Tammy ran 
her fingers through my hair, pushing on my head to force my tongue deeper. 
Finally she stiffened and squeezed me tight with her legs as another 
orgasm rocked her. I slowed down and opened my eyes, looking up at her. It 
was the most beautiful sight I could imagine as I watched her drift in and 
out of the blissful haze.

"Come here, sweet baby," she said, holding her arms open. I crawled up her 
body licking and kissing as much of her along the way as I could. When our 
lips were inches apart, she wrapped her arms around my neck and we kissed, 
trying to eat each other with our hot mouths. My lips and cheeks were 
covered with her cum, and she seemed to relish licking it all off.

"I love making you come," I said, between kisses.

"Really? I hadn't noticed."

We both giggled as we continued planting kisses all over our faces.

"You've been doing all the work," Tammy said when we finally stopped to 
catch our breath. "Now it's my turn."

"Heads or tails?" I asked.

"Tails, of course," she replied, and scooted out from under me.

Still on my stomach, I waited until she positioned herself behind me 
before I pulled my knees up and stuck my ass out. I could feel her warm 
breath as she sniffed me like a puppy. Then she ran her tongue up and down 
my crack, using the tip to tease my ass hole before moving down to lick my 
pussy.

"You smell so good," she said, between licks.

"Good enough to eat?" I asked with a wiggle.

Her other hand tweaked my nipple, sending a shiver through my whole body 
as she softly stroked my wet pussy. I couldn't believe how good her touch 
felt on my bare skin. Then her wet finger found my clit, that sensitive 
little button that only I knew about. 

Sensation rocked my world. I moaned aloud as her finger traced tiny 
circles on my clit. My hips bucked and my stomach spammed, "Oh, I'm 
cuming!" I cried aloud, and Tammy covered my mouth with her own while I 
came and came, moaning into her mouth. When my body finishing convulsing, 
she released me with a final kiss. 

"Oh, fuck. Thank you so much Tammy!" I said exhausted, as she licked my 
juices off her finger. "That was the best one I ever had." 

"That was fantastic," she whispered back. "You are so hot sis, I am really 
turned on. Would you do it for me now?"

I wanted nothing more in the entire world at that moment. In a second my 
hand was between her legs, exploring her wet folds as she directed me. I 
couldn't believe how hot and slippery she was down there. I traced my 
forefinger up and down her slit, feeling the wetness under my fingertip. 
She groaned very quietly, spreading her legs wide for me. The blanket and 
fallen aside during our exertions, and her large breasts were right at 
face level. I couldn't help myself: I dropped my head onto her chest and 
sucked her erect nipple into my mouth. 

"Yes, suck my tit, baby," she encouraged me.

Grabbing a fistful of my hair and pulling me to her, I sucked hard on her 
tit. She arched her back, softly moaning with pleasure. Her hand brought 
my little hand up from where it had been tracing a line up and down her 
crotch. I felt the hard little nubbin under my fingertip, and knew what to 
do. 

I started rubbing it, making little circles like I do to myself late at 
night, harder and harder and faster and faster. She pulled my hair, 
smashing my face into her chest, moaning so loud I felt sure that the 
neighbours next door would hear us and come to check on us. And soon we 
fell on the bed, kissing each other, and stroking each other's hair. 

 
Sister Love Ch. 02
by Nomansland69 ©

Chapter 2 - Shaving my Sister 

I awoke the next morning to the sound of birds, and sunlight streaming 
through my windows. The first thing to enter my head was my sister, Tammy. 
I adjusted my eyes to the bright light, but she had gone sometime during 
the night. I laid back on my pillow and thought, "what am I going to do 
today?"

Things ran though my head that I could do today. But I quickly swept those 
ideas, and decided to do nothing, so I lay in my bed listening to the 
sounds of the birds singing. Soon it was 11am and decided to got out of 
bed, and do some sunbathing. I got out of bed, and I put on my bikini and 
went downstairs and made myself my morning cup of coffee. I walked down to 
the pool and set up my chair, laid down and closed my eyes, and began to 
worship the summer god that would kiss my skin with warmth and turn it 
that golden colour that we all strive for. 

The sun was hot this day, and it was only moments before I could feel my 
skin begin to bake and little droplets of sweat begin to form. 
Occasionally there was a gentle breeze that would tickle my skin as it 
blew. I could feel the air and the heat of the sun all over my body and 
wished that I could be totally naked and then I thought why not? And the 
only person who was home in my neighbourhood during the day so I was safe. 


I took off my bikini!

Once I was settled back into my lawn chair, the sun and the air completely 
drenching my entire body, As I lay there my entire body became so 
sensitive to the breeze that I realized my nipples were standing on end 
and I found myself wishing that Tammy was here to join me in this luscious 
moment!

I was so intent on my own mind wanderings that I didn't hear anything else 
until a voice said "morning Claire". I grabbed for the towel, which I know 
I had laid on the ground next to me.

She sat down in the chair next to me. We couldn't keep our eyes off each 
other as we drank our coffees. The mid-morning sun was bright and warm, 
then to my astonishment, Tammy took off her robe and she was sitting in 
chair in all her glory. Tammy suddenly asked me, "Can you shave me Claire, 
I want my cunt to look like yours, all sexy and smooth?"

"I'll like that very much sis," I said as she covered her eyes from the 
bright sun. "Come on then" I said as I led her back inside and in the 
bathroom.

I told Tammy to get up on the counter that held the sink. I then had her 
sitting there with her legs wide open around the sink. I looked at her 
pubic hair and said, 

"Wow, I guess we will need a scissors for this one," 

I left the bathroom and came back in with my cosmetic bag. I looked at her 
and started to laugh. 

"What?" She said. 

I said "You are sitting there with your legs wide apart, your hairy twat 
staring at me, and you are covering your boobs with your hands?" I had 
made a good point and I laughed with her and dropped her hands. I told her 
to relax.

As this was all going through my mind, I was cutting the hair away from 
her pubic area with the scissor. A few minutes later I put down the 
scissors and took out my razor. I turned on the water which ran between 
her legs. Taking a glass, filled it and poured it over the short hairs 
that were left above her mound. I took the soap and lathered my hands and 
then rubbed the soap into her hair. She told me "I can do that" and I told 
her to "relax." I stayed on the hair above her pussy. I then started to 
shave her. She watched as her cunt was become bare. At this point my body 
was taking over and I was getting turned on. As much as I was trying to 
fight it I could feel my nipples hardening and my labia were starting to 
swell. Many a days I have masturbated in the tub by putting my pussy under 
the facet and running the water across my clit. 

Every so often I would wipe the razor in the water and when half of her 
hair was gone I filled another cup of water and poured it down there. I 
felt the water run over my clit and between my labia and tried to think of 
something else, but it felt too good. I looked down at my own clit growing 
out of its hood. Damn it, I thought to myself. 

I kept up the small talk and didn't seem to notice, thank god. Before long 
I had finished the entire top area and it looked great. I asked her how 
she was doing, and if she liked it so far, and she did. Looking at it got 
me even more turned on. I smiled at her, and as I was cleaning the razor 
again, I saw her look at my nipple and linger there a moment or two. I 
hoped that I was imagining it, but wasn't sure. I don't have big boobs, 
but I have nipples and a clit that seem to get longer than normal when I 
am excited. 



I didn't say anything and started to lather my hands again. I hadn't 
thought ahead, but there – along side her swollen labia, was more hair. I 
took my warm soapy fingers and slowly traced around her labia and soaped 
the hair. I was being careful not to touch her sex organs. She finally 
started to relax... well mentally anyway. The more relaxed she was about 
me trying something, the hornier I was getting. She looked down between 
her legs and was glad the soap and water were dripping off her and into 
the sink, because I knew, that she must been dripping as well and didn't 
want me to see that. 

As I finished one side, I poured more warm water on her and with the water 
running over her clit and through her labia, she almost moaned, but kept 
it in. I did the same thing on the other side and then used a couple of 
cups of water to clean off all the soap. My pussy was totally bald and her 
labia and clit were so swollen.

I looked at her and said, "Just one more thing and we are done in here." I 
leaned forward like I was checking out my work, and then to her total 
surprise, I put my lips onto her clit and kissed it. I pulled away a 
little and then went in again and started to suck on it. 

She told me, "no, please," but I didn't stop. She moaned "no" a few more 
times, but also heard her say "oh." 

She put her hand down on top of my head to pull me off her. As her hand 
touched my head, I released her clit from my sucking mouth, but my tongue 
ran along her labia as I kept my top lip on her clit, instead of pushing 
my head away, she was pulling me into her. It felt so fucking great, she 
was panting and moaning and soon nearing an orgasm.

It was so wrong, but it felt truly great. I knew that Tammy was nearing to 
her orgasm, so I pulled my head away. I looked at her, "This isn't the 
place to finish this, come on", and I helped her down off the counter. As 
I did we wound up in an embrace. I felt her warm supple body up against 
mine, her boobs pressing into my hard and throbbing nipples. 

I looked into her face and leaned forward and kissed her on the lips. I 
could smell my sex on her. I opened my mouth and accepted her tongue. It 
felt so right, but my mind was reeling. I have always believed that sex 
and love was meant for a male and female, not same sex couples, or 
siblings. But I was enjoying this kiss and electrified feelings running 
through my body... how could something so bad feel so good? 

I broke the kiss and took her hand and led her to my bed room. I gently 
laid her on her back, kissed her again, and then moved my mouth down her 
body. I was still standing on the side of the bed as I moved my mouth onto 
her nipples. When I started to suck them, Tammy let out a huge moan of 
relief and pleasure. She was now moaning constantly as I worked my mouth 
around her body. I was in this great place of sexual feeling before a 
climax and feeling great. I could feel drops of my sex running down the 
inside of my thighs, making them sticky, as I moved. 

I told her to move over, and got onto the bed. Instead of putting her body 
down by the foot of the bed, she had her feet up by the top of the bed. As 
conflicting thoughts were going through my mind, her tongue was moving 
down my body, and I was brought back to reality when her tongue dove into 
my pussy. I squeaked loudly as the feeling was so great. I was building 
toward an unbelievable orgasm; Tammy seemed to know when I was about there 
and seemed to move or something to prevent me from getting there. 

The build up was unbelievable, I arched my back to get more of her tongue 
inside me and finally get off when she took her mouth away from me. She 
then shifted her body and put herself in a complete 69 position. Before I 
knew it her ankles had locked down my shoulders and her pussy was closer 
than 6 inches from my face. There above me was her new bald pussy. I could 
see that her labia were as engorged as mine had been during her shave. I 
felt her blowing on my pussy but not touching me. 

Oh god! I thought is she waiting for me to do her, before she would do me? 
I could feel her breathing inches from my wanting hole. At that moment I 
looked up and a drip from her pussy was forming and a moment later it hit 
me right on the lip. I tasted it with my tongue, if I had been waiting for 
a sign or something! I think I just got it. I looked down my chest and saw 
Maggie was looking at me. 

"Next move is yours, I am not going to force this one on you," she said 

I thought for about 5 seconds and then reached my neck up, extended my 
tongue and licked her cunt. She moved herself down more toward my face so 
I could lie my head back down. I licked her again and again. I expected to 
be rewarded but instead of Tammy licking me to climax, I was doing her 
instead. She started moaning and then yelling me encouragement "lick me, 
suck me, suck my clit, suck my lips, now the other one, oh yea baby do 
me." She was starting to cum and I realized that I wasn't even unhappy 
that she wasn't doing me, I was enjoying this much and I felt great that I 
was about to make another girl cum. And I didn't have to wait long, not to 
be rewarded with her eating me, but by having her cum in my mouth. 

She leaned up on her two arms and said "I've got to watch you."

She did this and a moment later my face was soaked with her cum, as I kept 
licking and sucking her clit. I couldn't get enough of getting her off. As 
she started to come down from her climax she buried her face in my pussy 
and it took me about 2 minutes to reach the climax of my life as I was 
screaming and almost howling through my climax, I pushed my face back into 
Tammy's pussy and brought her off again. 

I finally took my face out of Tammy's cunt and she out of mine. 

She rolled off of me and the two of us sat up and kissed each other, 
during the kiss I started to laugh and so did her, our faces were so wet 
that we had a hard time keeping lip contact. Tammy then said "work with me 
here" she repositioned our bodies so that our legs were like two scissors 
in-between each other. She told me to move closer to her and a moment 
later our pussies were rubbing against each other. 

She told me to give her my hands and the two of us started pulling into 
each other. Now I thought being eaten was hot... this was wild. Our two 
wet labia were grinding into each other and if we moved just right our 
clits made contact. Well a few minutes of this and we were both cumming 
again and again and again till we were exhausted. I let go of her hands 
fell back and fell asleep. I assume she did the same. 

 
