[NOTE: This story is told in third person view. I noticed the change from the last one, thank you. 

Again, all characters are fiction and similarities are coincidental. If you notice that the characters are doing exactly what you do, then it is not the story that is imitating you. You are imitating my story, and I should sue you. I'm kidding, but, I hope for good feedback.

EXTRA NOTE: This continuance is being written solely for one person. They wrote to me anonymously, and had told me an idea that they had. Whoever you are, I know it's late, but, better late than never. Please enjoy, and if you like or love it, please, tell me just how much you liked it (If you know where I'm going with that).]



[BEGIN]




Ellie woke up in the comfort of her bed. Both men that had tasted her sex the night before had already gone. Her mind was racing with thoughts of sex and just a little bit shame. She had pushed herself over the edge and gave in to lust. Her mound was still hot, wet, and sore from the sex she had all night. In her mind, she felt lonely once more.

As she rose up slowly from her bed, she winced as her body moved.

"Oh, I ache," She whispered to herself.

As she stood straight up completely, she noticed that the trees were blowing in the wind, and the sun was up, shining into her bedroom window. She stood in front of her mirror and rubbed her hands over her belly. As she did so, she looked down towards her crotch area. The lips were reddened, and the night before came rushing back to her.

At first, disgust had fallen on her. She blushed, but as she thought about it more, she began to slide her finger down to her mound, and penetrated her hole with two fingers as she became wetter than she was already. Her juices dripped from her opening, and she moaned as she felt the heat exit from her pink hole; The wetness drizzled down her hand.

As she finished feeling her body, and orgasm after orgasm finally subsided, she took a hot shower. Ellie rest her head under the shower head, and let the hot water wash down her face and cleansed the soap from her naked body. Her breast tingled as small droplets touched the tips of her nipples. A sensual feeling, and made her look forward to the day. The loneliness she felt, however, took over as she thought of a man that could stay in her life. Her wishes were sent, but she new wasn't up to her to decide.

After her shower, she got dressed, and wrapped a fresh towel around her top breast, as it covered her to just below her groin. Her thighs were soft and sexy looking. Her appearance in the mrror brought a smile to her face.

"What man wouldn't die for this?" She asked rhetorically.

She rummaged through her closet and found a nice outfit to wear for the day. Sexy and seductive, but, professional. The pair was a nice dress top, with a black dress skirt that reached to the top of her knees. As she looked to the shoe rack towards the back of her walk-in closet, she found a pair of matching heels.

"Knock 'em dead, Ellie," She thought to herself.

Her plans for the day consisted of a trip to the mall. She loved to shop, but more importantly, for the men. It was something that she loved to do occasionally, although, the bar scene became her spot to find them. The mall was now a place that she wanted to go to actually shop and browse the latest trends.

The next stop after the mall, the local bistro. A bite to eat, and then back on her way.

As she stepped out the doors of the eatery, she bumped into a tall thin built man as he was trying to enter the doors to eat himself.

"I'm so sorry," He said to Ellie.

"Oh!" She blurted. "I mean, you're fine" She finished, letting fine linger off her tongue so as to make it sound like a compliment.

The man gave a sweet smile, and again apologized.

Ellie smiled back.

"Well, I had better get inside," He said. "Today, they are serving their signature soup, and it's the best."

"Yes, oh, I'm sorry," She apologized herself.

"No need to say sorry," He said, then introduced himself. "I'm David."

"I'm, Ellie," She answered, almost choking as she spoke.

"Are you alright?" He asked her.

"Yes, I'm fine."

"Of course you are."

Ellie smiled again.

"Well, I must go," He began. "It was nice to meet you Ellie," He gave a wink.

"Likewise."

The two parted ways, and Ellie blushed as she thought of him naked and teasing her with his tongue.

"Oh, I have to stop," She thought to herself.



[ Later On ]



Ellie had once again escaped to the pleasures that be from the bar scene, but, to a different locale. The place, Razzles, was not just a bar, but a gentlemen's or couple's bar. There were topless dancers, and waitresses taking charge as they performed and served. It was a classy place to be, and everyone knew everyone.

Men looked Ellie's way as she walked in. The days dress attire still on. It was obvious that she wasn't with anybody, and men were waiting to make their move.

Ellie ordered herself a drink, and tipped the waitress. As the waitress brought her order, she left a small note next to the glass. Ellie and the waitress exchanged smiles, and they seperated. Ellie read the folded note. It read:

"555-1694 - Call me - Anna Marie"

Ellie blushed, but was turned on by it. A wonderful night of possibilities was abound for her.

As she drank the mixed concoction from the glass, she glanced towards the entrance way.

"Oh my," She whispered softly. "It's that man from the bistro," She thought to herself. "Dave, was it? Yes, David."

As she looked on in his direction, he turned and caught notice of her presence. He also noticed that her eyes were focused on a certain area on his body. He walked over to her.

"Well, it looks as if I came to the right place," He said to her, seating himself across from her.

Ellie smiled.

"Do you come here often?" He asked her.

"First time," She answered.

"I'm not a regular myself," He chatted, "But, I have been here before."

"Oh yeah?" She said playfully.

"Yes."

The night went by with the two chatting about themselves, work, and life overall. It was near 2 am.

"Listen," He started, "Would you like to get out of here?"

Ellie looked at him, as if he were trying to say "You want to fuck?" but in other words. She hoped he was.

"Maybe we could go for a walk, and catch the cool night breeze," He finished.

"Sure."

They left, and began walking. The night was indeed cool, but just enough to make them cling closer as time went on. They made small talk, and the heat was rising inside Ellie. Her groin ached for pleasure.

David himself felt a wave of lust fall over him. He stopped where he was, and turned to look at Ellie. As she looked at him, he brushed the hair aside and kissed her softly on her lips. Ellie tingled as he did so. She became wet, and reached her hand up and grabbed tight onto his head, pulling him closer. As she did so, it made the lust rush ten times faster. Ellie slipped down, and opened his pants. She admired the thickness of his cock, as she pulled it out.

People were taking notice at this sexual display out in the open. Ellie grabbed hold of him, and took his hard cock into her waiting mouth.

David moaned, and leaned back onto a wooden fence to keep his balance.

Ellie's mouth sucked hard on his shaft, and she licked her tongue around his tip. Pre-cum dripped from his hole, and she licked it up. Her right hand wrapped around him, and she jerked slowly at first, then harder and faster as she sucked him off.

David grabbed her hair, and pulled her to him closer, as he fucked her face. As he was ready to cum, he paused, then yanked her up to him and kissed her again on the mouth. He flipped her around and pushed her forward, as she leaned herself over the fence. She hiked her skirt up and pulled down her panties. With David's thick cock in his hand, he stroked himself against her mound, then pushed his way in. Her hole completely filled. She moaned loudly, and people were watching them perform sex in front of them.

Many spectators began to do the same, and have sex in the open.

David pushed deep, and his tip rubbed her G-spot. She came uncontrolably as he kept his rhythm. One hand held onto her waist as the other began rubbing her clit. The heat from his body against her back as he thrust hard against her was overwhelming. She shook rapidly as he pumped his dick into her cumming hard inside her hole.

"Oh!..... Oh my God!" She screamed. She came herself, and she leaned forward on the fence to keep her balance. Her head was spinning, and David had to make sure to hold onto her tight.

The night went on with the two once again walking. Instead of small talk, they stopped occasionally to kiss. A few seperate times, they would stop, and Ellie would give David a good blowjob.

The two decided to talk more, and get together more often. Ellie fell in love with David, and David with Ellie.

They share a home together, and are in their first year of marriage. They are hoping for a child.

On occasion, they go to where they first made love, and recreate the moment they had before, adding more memories to what they began.




[End]


