Jerry and me again

This is what happened the next time Jerry picks me up on Saturday morning.  My mum always shoos me out when I loll round the house on Saturday mornings and I can't even get to my computer because she wants to vacuum and clean and things so I ring Jerry again on my cell phone and tell him mum has told me to get lost until after lunch and he laughed and picks me up at the car park and we go to his house. He says "you want a lite beer to help you turn on" and I tell him I have a hard on even before he picked me up at the car park. He looks at me real serious and says "Dan if we fool around this time I would like to do it anally - how do you feel about that". I tell him about the time Tod did it and he says "well my dick is a damn sight heftier than your little mate of long ago so you need to know that even with me being really gentle it is likely to be a bit painful for a start" and I tell him it's ok if it hurts too much we will just stop. Jerry grins and says "I hope that I can you horny young bugger - you're  going to be a real heart breaker of girls and boys by the time you start shaving".This makes me laugh so I cross to where he is leaning on a kitchen top and reach for his fly and unzip him and he moans as I find his cock and pop it out. It is hard and pulsing and white with blue veins and I push the skin back on the head which is a pink purple color and it smell really nice and get on my knees and put it in my mouth. It tastes really great and I give it a bit of a suck and he says "bedroom Dan" and we go there.
We both get all our gear off and Jerry reach out and hold me hard against him and I feel his hard dick rubbing against my stomach and my dick and all his hair tickles my skin and my bum is itching I am so excited. He cups my bum cheeks and squeeze them and is really excited and he gives my arse a little slap which feels great and I break away and lay on my back on the towel on the bed.  I lift my bum up and open my knees and Jerry kneel near my bum. He run his hands over my bum cheeks and say "Gawd Dan this is so smooth and beautiful". He pull apart my cheeks and I can feel the air on my bum hole and he tongue kiss it which makes me gasp really heavy. Then he lift me a bit higher and press his hairy knees against my hips and he kiss me full on and I am nearly bursting with sex feeling and I open my knees really wide I am wanting his cock in me really badly.  He reach across to the bedside drawer and gets a jar of vaseline and we are both breathing really heavy. He says "vaseline is better than KY because it is thicker and protects your bum and insides a bit better" and he smears the cold stuff on my bum hole and it feels really great and then he eases a finger in and I damn near cum there and then and I am gasping and wriggling against his finger and it is all the way up in me and I feel it like electric shocks. Then he put a second finger in really really slow and says "this will open you up some more" and he move it in and around and I tell you now nothing was going to get in the way of me feeling his cock up in me at this point.
Well he eases out his fingers and wipe them on a tissue and then he says "moment of truth" and he put one hand under my bum and lifts me up I feel his foreskin sliding up and down my crack and then I can feel the head pressing against my hole. Then it presses harder and he very carefully leave it like that and put his other hand under my bum. I am really enjoying this and wriggling  a bit to get more in as he pull the cheeks of my bum apart and the head is in a bit more and still only a little pain. He says "your call Dan to help me now" and we are both breathing fast and heavy and I push against him and there is a bit more pain but like it is feeling really good and then my bum sort of closes and he gasp and says "the heads in Dan we are going to make it".  It is feeling really good but I am also feeling I am full down there and he says "relax and don't try to hard now until you get used to it" and we stay locked like that until I am feeling not so full again and I press again and it feels really good and he is pushing gently and it goes into me very very slow and I am moaning as all the inside of my bum is like a million little electric shocks. Then I feel him pull back a little and it is beautiful. Then he pushed up really really careful a little more and I am on the moon. You cannot know how good it is and I think I am going to cum a heap pretty soon and I tell him this and he says "cum all you want Dan all the better if you squirt it over both of us" and then he is sliding it all the way up in me until I can feel his pubes tickle my bum.  "Relax relax and just leave it rest there Dan" he says and we do but I can feel his cock pulsing up hard into me and this is awesome. Then Jerry pull back a bit and sort of wriggle it in me and ohmigod he touches the prostate thing and I hit the moon again with an almighty moan and I am cumming and cumming  and it is squirting all over me and him and he laughs and I do too. This is before he even start to fuck me. I say "come on come on do it" or something like that and he pull out a bit push it back into me like  a bit harder and he moan and say "Dan your beautiful". He reach his head down to me and he tongue kiss me and I am pinned to his body by his cock and it is like wonderful and I am thinking I do not want this to end.
Then he starts to gently move it in and around in me and in and out each time getting a bit longer and this is the most beautiful thing that has happened to me and I am fucking him back harder and harder and I am thinking no wonder girls like cock. All you can hear is the bed squeaking a bit and our really loud breathing and then I start to cum again and I cum and cum and all my sperm is gone but I am still cumming and every time his pushed into me my cock jerks to cum. Jerry then is pushing it into me really hard and all I can do is keep my bum aimed to take it and he says "oh Dan oh Dan" and he push little hard pushes into me and then hold me hard against him and I feel his cock jerking up and down inside me and I know he is filling me with sperm each time it jerks and this is wonderful.
Then he starts to relax and brings his face down on me again and we have a huge tongue kiss and as we do I can feel his dick start to go soft and start worming down out of me real slow and it feels really nice because I am feeling  warm stuff and I tell him and he say it is after cum. 
Then only the head of his dick is left in me and he reach for tissues and he pops it out and my bum feels really lonely. He push some tissues to my bum hole and I reach down and wipe and Jerry has a bit of my shit on his dick and I have a bit on my tissue.  He look at me and grin and say "a bit of shit is a small price to pay hey Dan" and we both laugh and I am really feeling proper love for him and he come over me again and we kiss and kiss until we break away.
We both have shower and clean up and have a sandwich. Jerry tells me that my bum will go back to normal pretty quick thanks to the care and the vaseline. He tells me also that too much anal sex is probably not a good thing for me and maybe we do other things and save it for very special and I can do him anal next time if I want but I say to him "you let me worry about that because what we done together beats the shit out of wanking and sucking and yeah even I think sticking it into a girl - hey I have not done even that yet" and Jerry says they are pretty good but not as tight around the  dick and they sometimes want to fuck it all up by conditions - you know like they want this and that before they will even let you touch them under their panties, so I will be careful when I make it with a girl. He says with a big grin "you won't have any trubs getting it off with one because you're  a looker and your cock is already big enough to make any recipient happy" and I laugh and laugh and he laughs too and we are both feeling really great.  And we talk about things like that and Jerry tells me I am a true bisex guy like him and we have the best of both worlds. But he say it is not a good idea to fuck a girl while we are doing it because it maybe confusing. I see this and anyway all the girls I know do not turn me on today - but I have to say I would like to run my hand up the leg of our Latin teacher but I think there is a queue for that on account of her looking really sexy. 
But I will definitely want Jerry to put his dick in me again even if we don't do it as often I would like. Next time I get away I will stick it into Jerry I am getting a hard on writing this at thinking about sinking into his hole with all that hair around it. I am thinking of pulling the cheeks of his bum apart until I see his hole and I will steer my dick to it and Oh Wow - this will be something.
  