Author: mypenname3000
Title: Teacher's Mind-Controlled Sluts Chapter Eighteen: Teacher's Two Virgin Daughters
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: The teacher's two virgin daughters are ready to be taught one hot lesson!
Keywords: Ff MFf mc inc oral creampie anal 1st exhib voy preg MILF

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

As the years passed, the world became more peaceful thanks to me and my mind-controlling belt.

The Best Teacher spoke, and people listened, enthralled by the power of the belt. How did it work? I never could figure that out. Magic, as hard as that was to admit, was the only explanation. The supernatural had interfered in this world, and I had no idea why. 

I had long learned not to care. It would drive anyone mad trying to figure it out. Luckily, I had my diversions. I was helping change the world, after all. Those shaped by my school policies were slowly taking over from the older generations.

Nearly fifteen years, and wars and conflicts were all but unheard of. Terrorism, crime, and violence were all evaporating away thanks to my teaching methods. Everyone wanted to please the best teacher by doing their hardest to help society. It was a utopia, only there was no philosopher king to rule it.

Society was figuring out how to just rule themselves.

Manual labor was performed by the dumbest males. Whole crews of slaves worked happily by day on new buildings, remodels, public works, or whatever. By night, they were rented out by rich widows to enjoy some passion in their lives or by porn companies to fuck their sex slave performers.

There were entire industries full of female sex slaves. There wasn't a Hollywood starlet who wasn't owned by one of the studios. Their talent agents scoured schools to find new stars. And there was an abundance of them thanks to poor countries. Many came from Africa, Latin America, Asia, and Eastern Europe needed as much as fifty percent of their young men to be slaves for manual labor, so an equal number of women were raised as sex slaves and bought up by rich nations. Airlines bought them as stewardesses, hospitals as nurses who provided special services, businesses as secretaries to keep up morale, and restaurants as waitresses who made sure you left with a smile. Massage parlor brothels, strip clubs where you got more than just a lap dance, and even retail stores that offered something for husbands to do while their wives shopped.

It was a world in transition. As the older generation of women slowly retired, it left more and more men in the workplace running things with their happy wives back home. Many a housewife, as her children grew up, ran their own home businesses or took on part-time jobs. Cottage industries like how it was back in old times. Women opened their own hair salons in garages or nail parlors. They would make crafts: everything from high-end candles to perfumes. Or they taught elementary school, leaving men to the higher grades and higher education. 

The very cream of the crop of women, at least intellectually, were working in the fields of research. Contributing to humanity. Some of them had accomplished great things, but I always felt bad for them in a way. They never would find a husband. Not with the way things were going.

But they would have their research and rented studs. They might even buy their own male slaves to give them pleasure and companionship.

The world had changed so much. I was proud of what I had done. I had made lasting changes that, I hoped, would continue after my death. Not that I was going out anytime soon. I was still in great shape. After all, fucking your wife and sex slaves kept men young and virile, just like being bred by me did.

It was amazing how far my powers could stretch.

It was a busy day in our mansion today. We had moved out of the loft. The money my side porn company made gave me quite the life. I still taught, of course. I could never give up being there to enjoy those fresh-faced freshmen girls. But the side business, run by Mrs. Smythe, had grown into quite the porn empire.

I don't even remember how many sex slave porn stars we own.

But since I taught that pirating anything was wrong, and that healthy marriages were founded on watching porn together, we did very well. 

But the reason it was busy today in the mansion had nothing to do with the business. It was the fourteenth birthday of my two oldest daughters. They had reached the age that they would start high school. Zelda and Allie were born within an hour to each other by my sex slaves Mrs. Foster and Darcy my Teacher's Pet.

I had a lot of daughters from my wives and personal sex slaves. The ones that were a part of my life, that I loved like my wife, Helen. Mrs. Foster had so far given me four daughters: Zelda, Ann, Gale, and Tonya. Her daughter Darcy had also given me four: Allie, Betty, Carla, and Delilah. I had two from my wife Helen, Heather and Barbara; and three from Helen's little sister Debbie: Jeanette, Keily, and Britney. Veronica, the first student I had fucked and one of the most famous porn stars in the world, had given me Shannon and Vanessa while her mother, Mrs. Smythe, had given me Lisa, Taylor, and Peggy. My naughty maid Cassandra had also given me three gorgeous girls, Raquel, Pita, and Rosalita. Naomi, my last personal sex slave, had delivered Nancy, Jasmine, and Alanna.

I had more daughters out there, and probably some sons. I fucked so many students, I was certain I had bread hundreds of them. I had bred Dr. Chandra three times now and the new gynecologist twice. Principal Brown only had one of my daughters. 

But the ones that I had with my little harem were the ones that I knew. That I loved.

So just having a house full of that many daughters made it a noisy affair. They were all excited about Zelda and Allie's birthday. They knew it was the special one, and that they would all be taken off while I had special times with the birthday girls.

The house was boisterous. Presents were given. Cake was eaten. Games were played. But, finally, it was time for me to retire with my daughters, their mothers, my wife, and Cassandra. I left the others to watch over our daughters. 

Allie and Zelda looked so much like sisters, which they were, but they were also aunt and niece. They both had blonde hair, though not as light as their mothers. Their breasts were round and quivering, their eyes blue and bright. Allie had a rounder face and Zelda was three inches taller.

They held hands as they walked before me towards my bedroom, a room with several beds for me, my wife, and our harem of sex slaves to sleep in. I liked having them all close. They rotated beds, sleeping with me and each other.

Allie and Zelda both glanced back at me. They had such eager smiles on their lips. Daddy! they cooed together. We're so happy.

Me, too, I said, my dick so hard. These were special girls. I had deflowered a lot of virgins, including my pet, but this was something more. This was my first time enjoying my own flesh and blood. I had been with mothers and daughters, even twin sisters. I had shared in others crossing that taboo line. Now, today, it was my turn. 

Allie and Zelda threw open the door of the bedroom and spun around in their party dresses. They both wore pink prom gowns. The necklines plunged to show off their breasts. The skirts rustled about their thighs, barely long enough to cover their asses.

Daddy, they both breathed as the door closed behind us. Oh, Daddy!

They flew to me. I scooped them up in my arms, Zelda and Allie's faces filling up my vision. They both had such kissable lips. I groaned and kissed Zelda first. She was my oldest by an hour. I slid my hands down their backs and squeezed both their asses.

Allie nuzzled her lips into my cheek, kissing towards where her sister and my mouths met. Then it was a three-way kiss with my two daughters. I groaned, squeezing their asses. I loved the feel of their mouths against mine. This was such a rush. Just such an amazing time.

I turned and kissed Allie now, leaving Zelda purring in delight. My dick was so hard in my pants. I groaned and broke the kiss with my daughter. I stared into both their blue eyes. They were both so eager for this. So wet.

Strip naked for Daddy, I purred.

They both grinned and pulled away from me. My dick throbbed at the sight of them as they were all so gorgeous. They looked just great. I wanted to devour them. To feast on them with everything that I had. That would be an incredible rush.

My cock twitched and throbbed as I stared at them. I was so ready to just fuck them both hard. They started undressing. They unzipped their own dresses then grinned at me. Together, as if they had practiced, they ripped off their dresses.

They unveiled their gorgeous bodies to me.

Oh, god, I groaned at the sight of their naked bodies. My dick lurched. You're both so beautiful.

Daddy, they squealed together, blushing to their roots.

And they were with their smooth legs leading up to their shaved pussies. Both had virginal-tight slits with puffy vulvas dripping with their juices. Their hips curved in just a delicious way. Their breasts jiggled, Allie's a little rounder than her sister's. Both had hard nipples, Zelda's a little fatter.

You two are amazing, I groaned. Mmm, right, ladies.

Oh, yes, Mr. Miller, my delightful pet said. Darcy still looked young. Not fourteen, but in her early twenties, her large breasts jiggling. She had developed tits as big as her mother's. No longer my sweet and innocent schoolgirl, she still was my teacher's pet.

Still wore the belt that draped down between her tits and over her round belly. She was six months pregnant with our fifth daughter.

Oh, Master, they're scrumptious, Mrs. Foster said. She still looked gorgeous, hardly aging at all. Like her daughter Darcy, she was six months pregnant. The two always insisted on being bred on the same day.

I had no problem seeing mother and daughter growing rounder and rounder with their pregnancies together.

Mmm, just scrumptious, I said. Girls, slide onto the bed so your mothers can lick your virgin pussies to an orgasm and get you all nice and ready.

Yes, Daddy, Zelda and Allie said together, holding hands. They were so close, they were practically twins.

They grinned and hurried to the bed. They slid on it, their round tits jiggling. The two fourteen-year-old girls settled down and spread their legs apart, still holding hands. Their pregnant mothers sauntered forward, rubbing at their swelling stomachs. I watched as Darcy and Mrs. Foster slid onto the bed, their asses pointed at me.

Along with their pussies, Darcy's shaved but Mrs. Foster's thick and golden.

Let's get you naked, Master, Cassandra said, moving up before me. She still wore her sexy French maid's uniform, her golden-brown tits nearly overflowing it. Her pregnancies had given her such big boobs. She also still looked to be in her early twenties, a bright smile on her lips. This is a special day for them all.

It is, Daddy, Allie called then gasped, Mommy!

Darcy buried her face into our daughter's virgin pussy and licked at her. Zelda trembled as Mrs. Foster did the same. My two daughters moaned and squirmed, such awe on their faces as they experienced having their virgin pussies licked for the first time.

Mmm, yes, this is such a special day, my wife said. She wore a dress of green that went so well with her red hair, her glasses perched on her nose. She was just starting to show with our next daughter.

Cassandra pulled off my jacket and hung it up as I watched my little girls squirm in delight. My tie was whisked off next, then my gray shirt, my white undershirt, then she knelt to pull off my loafers and socks. Cassandra purred in delight as she attacked my belt. My fly. She ripped my pants and boxers off, my cock popping out.

She kissed the tip for a moment. Mmm, Master, you're so ready to fuck your daughters. I can't wait for Raquel to be old enough.

Me, too, I said as my wife pulled Cassandra to her feet.

Mmm, don't try to distract him, you naughty slut, Helen said. You want to play, start eating my snatch.

Yes, Mistress, Cassandra purred. Second best thing in the world is pleasuring you.

My wife cupped Cassandra's face and kissed her. I loved it. I headed to the bed, staring at Darcy and Mrs. Foster's quivering rumps and hot cunts. My dick ached. My daughters moaned, enjoying their first time receiving cunnilingus.

Lesbian, incestuous cunnilingus.

I slid onto the bed, my dick so hard. Both my daughters' blue eyes stared at me, glossy with delight. Zelda bit her ruby lip and moaned. Allie squeezed her boob with her free hand, the other holding tight to her sister's. I moved in behind Mrs. Foster. Her husband had three daughters with the sex slave I had given him.

He was happy with the trade. I just had to keep his wife. She and Darcy were so delicious together.

I tried not to be that selfish, though. Breed a man's wife, but not take her from him. I was weak with Mrs. Foster. I broke my word, but we all do things we regret. I didnt regret keeping her, but rather the fact I had betrayed her husband. Well, I had made amends. Everyone was happy.

I pressed my dick into Mrs. Foster's juicy bush. Her curls slid over the crown of my dick in such an exciting way. I groaned at the feel of her pregnant pussy lips. She moaned as my dick thrust into her cunt. She stretched to take me.

Master, she moaned into our daughter Zelda's pussy lips.

Daddy! Zelda moaned, her back arching. Oh, Daddy, Mommy is eating my cunt. She's just licking and lapping at me.

Good, I groaned, savoring Mrs. Foster's cunt wrapped around my dick. It was a thrill to have all that cunt around me. Just a wonderful treat. I savored it as I drew back my hips. That's fucking perfect, honey. Cum all over her face.

I will cum all over Mommy's face, Daddy! Zelda squealed.

Good, purred Darcy. Mmm, she's so yummy, Mr. Miller. Our daughter is delicious.

I rested a hand on Darcy's firm ass. I squeezed my pet's rump as I drew back my cock, her mother's tight cunt squeezing about my dick. I loved that heat massaging me. I groaned and thrust back into that wonderful twat. I fucked to the hilt in her.

She groaned as I did that. Her hot twat gripped my dick. She held me with such passion. It was an incredible rush to have her pussy massaging me. I fucked into her hard. Fast. I buried over and over into her cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good.

So good, Mrs. Foster moaned, squeezing her snatch down on my dick. 

I groaned, savoring every thrust into my MILF's hot cunt. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her as hard as I could. She moaned into our daughter's cunt. Mrs. Foster wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock.

The pressure grew and grew at the tip of my dick. I loved how she squeezed about me. How she held me with that delicious snatch while our daughter writhed. Zelda whimpered, her face contorting with delight. So did Allie's.

I squeezed Darcy's rump, loving that my pet devoured our daughter's cunt. I fucked Mrs. Foster's pregnant pussy hard, slamming my dick into her juicy twat. The MILF gripped me, squeezing down and swelling the pressure in my nuts.

I would flood her twat with cum.

Shit, I groaned, my right hand rubbing over her pregnant belly. You're going to get all my jizz, Mrs. Foster!

Wonderful, Master! moaned the MILF. She suckled.

Zelda gasped, her eyes widening. She trembled, her head tossing and round boobs jiggling. She squeezed her sister's hand. Allie whimpered, too. Her legs squeezed about Darcy's head. Both my daughters were swelling towards their orgasms.

I could tell they were about to burst. Just explode with rapture. That was so hot. I slammed deep and hard into Mrs. Foster's cunt, so eager for my daughters to cum. I churned up the MILF's pussy as she moaned, suckling hard on our little girl's clit.

Mommy! Zelda squealed. Daddy! 

Yes, yes, yes, Mommy! Allie moaned. 

Both my daughters gasped out in rapture. They bucked on their backs, flooding their mothers' mouths with pussy cream. The incestuous sight of my daughters cumming hard on their mothers' lips swept through me as I slammed into my sex slave's cunt.

My MILF-slave moaned, her twat gripping my dick I buried into her. She groaned into her daughter's cunt as her pregnant pussy went wild. I shuddered at the feel of Mrs. Foster's snatch climaxing around my dick. I drew back, her flesh massaging me.

Master! my MILF-slave moaned with such passion.

I buried into her and erupted.

My cum fired into her snatch. I pumped her full of spunk. I loved the way I erupted over and over into her twat. I pumped her pussy full of my cum. Her twat writhed around me. She suckled at me, her flesh rippling around my dick.

Mommy! Zelda moaned, humping her pussy against her mother's face. Oh, Daddy, I love this!

Yes, yes, yes, squealed Allie as she trembled through her own orgasm. Mommy! I love you!

I groaned, spurting over and over into my sex slave's pussy. She milked me, working out all that cum. I loved the feel of her cunt suckling at me. She nursed with such passion. It was an incredible delight to enjoy. I loved every second of it. I groaned, spurting again and again. I unloaded in her twat. I pumped her snatch full of my cum. It was an incredible moment.

Yes, that's so good, I groaned, erupting again and again. Fuck!

I pumped so much cum into her snatch. I basted her pussy with my seed. I groaned, savoring that delight. My pleasure hit its peak, Mrs. Foster's cunt rippling around my dick. I savored that heat firing out of me. It was such a rush.

Damn, I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. Damn, that was amazing, Mrs. Foster.

Mmm, and now it's time for my little girl to lose her cherry, my sex slave purred, her pussy squeezing around my dick.

I pulled out of her and smiled. Yep. And Zelda, I'm going to take your cherry as you're eating out your pregnant mother's pussy. How does that sound?

Oh, so good, Daddy, Zelda purred.

Beside us, Darcy crawled up and over her daughter. My teacher's pet rubbed her swollen belly against Allie as she kissed our darling daughter with her lips covered in Allie's virgin juices. Their lips melted together. 

As they kissed, Mrs. Foster rolled over onto her back, her round belly and big boobs quivering. She licked her lips coated in our daughter's pussy juices. Zelda sat up and scrambled around with the energy of a teenager. Her blonde hair flew and blue eyes sparkled. My dick throbbed as she settled down between her mother's thighs.

Mmm, fuck her hard, my wife said. 

I glanced back to see her stepping into her strap-on, Cassandra kneeling before her and holding it. I will. You fucking our maid?

She loves it, Helen said, her green eyes sparkling behind her glasses. She still appeared to be in her mid-twenties, her round breasts firm and gorgeous. 

I turned to my virgin daughter. She wiggled her rump at me, her tight slit just begging for a man's dick to ram into her. How could I not give my little girl what she craved? I had to fuck her hard. I had to ram my dick into her and make her squeal her pretty little head off. She deserved that. She was such a cutie. My dick twitched and throbbed with excitement.

I pushed my cock into her vulva. Her juicy flesh parted for me. I found her hymen. My daughter moaned, licking out my cum from her pregnant mother's pussy. Mrs. Foster rubbed her hands over her belly, watching with hungry eyes.

I love you both, I groaned as I pushed on my daughter's hymen.

Daddy! squealed Zelda while her mother just beamed at me.

Zelda's virginity stretched and stretched before my cock in this exciting way. I loved it. I savored what was happening as I pushed against her hymen harder. She moaned into her mother's bred snatch. It was so hot to watch. Then my daughter's maidenhead surrendered.

Her cherry popped.

Fuck! I groaned as I slid into my daughter's deflowered pussy. It was an incredible rush to sink into her pure flesh. To be the firstand onlycock to enter her. She would take fingers, tongues, dildos, and vibrators, but mine would be the only living dick to ever enter her. She was mine. Oh, fuck, Zelda, I love you!

Oh, Zelda, how is Daddy's cock? Allie asked, squirming beneath her mother.

Amazing! my little girl squealed. Oh, Daddy, this is amazing to have you in me as I lick out your yummy cum from Mommy's pussy. Ooh, cunt is so good. Cum is amazing. Dicks are the best! Daddy, I love you so much! Her tight, deflowered snatch squeezed about my dick.

I groaned, savoring the feel of my daughter's pussy around my cock. I gripped her hips and drew back. She moaned, her twat massaging my dick. Her deflowered flesh felt amazing about my cock. I loved it as she moaned into her mother's pussy, licking out my cum from Mrs. Foster's bred depths.

My MILF-slave rubbed her hands over her swollen belly, watching me slam back into our daughter's pussy. Mrs. Foster smiled as she watched me fucking our daughter. In the background, Cassandra squealed in delight as I buried into my daughter's snatch again and again.

Daddy! Daddy! she squealed as I fucked her. Oh, my god, Daddy! This is the best! I'm sorry, Mommy, it was nice when you ate my cunt, but this is amazing! He's fucking me so hard. He's pounding me. Just churning up my cunt with his big dick.

I know, moaned Mrs. Foster. I've been bred enough by him to know it's the best fuck in the world. Enjoy, baby. Just enjoy.

I groaned, gripping my daughter's slender hips and fucking her hard. Daughters also always get bred by me when I deflower them.

Oh, wow, Daddy, you know everything, Allie gasped. I want to be bred today, too.

You will, I panted, pumping away at her sister's cunt. I fucked into Zelda's juicy pussy hard, her butt-cheeks rippling. My nuts slapped into her shaved pussy. Right on her clit. I knew she was feeling that delight as I buried into her. It was an incredible rush to fuck her hard and fast. Oh, you will!

I would breed both my little girls today. Have granddaughters I would fuck in fourteen years and nine months. Who cared how the belt worked when I had that delight to anticipate? I groaned, burying to the hilt in her cunt. I fucked her hard and fast.

She gripped my dick with her hot snatch. I loved the feel of her twat around me. It was an incredible delight to feel her massaging me like that. I slammed into her twat. I fucked into her pussy with such force. I buried over and over into her twat. It was an incredible delight. 

Yes, yes, yes, I panted, plowing deep and hard into her twat. I savored it with such hard thrusts. Damn, damn, damn, that's good.

Daddy! Daddy! Zelda moaned into her mother's bred pussy.

Oh, that's so good, baby, Mrs. Foster moaned. Just lick out all your father's cum from my pussy. I love that so much. That's amazing.

It is, Mommy. Zelda squeezed her cunt down on my cock. Mmm, I have to go deeper to find more. Like this!

Yes! my pregnant sex slave moaned, her hands sliding over her curving belly. Wiggle that tongue around in me. Ooh, gather out your daddy's cum! That's it. That's the same seed that made you in me. Oh, honey, yes, yes, just like that!

I grinned, fucking hard into her pussy. I loved the feel of her hot cunt around me. It was a blast to bury into her. My nuts, slapping into her clit, swelled with the pressure. I groaned, hurtling closer and closer to cumming in her snatch.

Shit, that's good, I groaned. That's really good. Damn, just like that. Squeeze that snatch around my dick. I fucking love it.

It's amazing, moaned my daughter. Oh, Allie, you're going to love this!

I know I will! squealed my watching daughter as she lay beneath her pregnant mother. Ooh, Mommy, Daddy's going to fuck me so hard and breed me like you!

Yes, he will, my pet cooed and kissed our daughter's cheek then ear.

They looked so sexy together, Darcy's pregnant belly rubbing into Allie's flat stomach. I groaned, the sight invigorating my thrusts. I fucked my other daughter so hard. I pounded Zelda's tight snatch with such force, savoring the way she gripped me. She held me tight. It was so exciting to feel her flesh around my dick. Just so wonderful.

She moaned into her mother's pussy, that hot twat clamping down on me. I reveled in burying onto my daughter's snatch again and again, the pressure at the tip of my cock hurtling towards that bursting point. Mrs. Foster shuddered, her big boobs quivering.

Oh, my god, baby, she gasped. Oh, that's it. You're going to make me cum! Mmm, you came from me. Oh, I made you in my womb, and now... Now you're going to make me cum!

Cum, Mommy! Zelda squealed, her hot cunt clamping down around my thrusting dick.

I buried deep and hard into her twat. I fucked into her with force. I loved how she massaged me with that wonderful snatch. Pleasure swept through me. I groaned, pumping away so hard at her. I loved how she held me. It was fantastic.

I pumped away at her snatch. I fucked her with such passion. I buried into her twat again and again. I pounded her snatch with all the force I could muster. It was an incredible rush to pump away at her like this. I hammered her twat hard.

Fast. 
I plowed into her cunt over and over again. I reveled in that delight. I savored that passion so much. I buried deep and hard into her cunt. I loved how she gripped me. She held me tight in her snatch. It was an incredible passion.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I moaned, burying deep into my daughter's cunt. Hard. Damn, that's good. That's really good. Oh, I love it! I love it so much!

Me, too, Daddy! she moaned. She started suckling.

Zelda! Mrs. Foster groaned. Yes!

Her back arched, thrusting her pregnant belly into the air. That was amazing to see. I loved the sight as I buried deep and hard into our daughter's snatch. Mrs. Foster cried out in rapture as she climaxed.

Mommy! Zelda moaned as she bathed in her pregnant mother's juices. It was such a wild thing to experience. I was so thrilled to hear her crying out in ecstasy. 

I slammed deep and hard into my daughter's cunt. She groaned as she licked up her mother's pussy juices. Then her hot flesh rippled around me. My daughter squealed as she suckled at me. It was an incredible rush to have her nursing on me like that.

She suckled at me with such hunger.

She nursed at me with all her passion.

I buried into her cunt and erupted.

Fuck, yes! I moaned as I bred my first daughter. 

Daddy! she squealed as my incestuous seed pumped over and over into her pussy. I flooded her with everything that I had. I basted her cunt with my spunk. Oh, Daddy, that's incredible!

I groaned with delight as I pumped my daughter's cunt with my cum. Allie and her mother watched. Mrs. Foster moaned through her own orgasm. Cassandra whimpered out in delight, my wife purring with pleasure. I loved this so much. 

Spurt after spurt of my cum flooded into my daughter's cunt. I pumped her with all that jizz. It was an incredible treat to pump her full of my spunk. I loved this so much. I savored every last second of pumping into her snatch. 

I unloaded everything I had into my daughter's cunt. I groaned through that wonderful pleasure. This was an incredible moment. It was just fantastic to experience this passion rushing through me. I basted her cunt.

Oh, Daddy! she moaned.

I flooded her with everything that I had. It was an amazing treat. I groaned, spurting over and over into her snatch. She milked me dry. She worked out my cum, purring into her mother's snatch. I groaned as I fired the last drop of my spunk into her.

Daddy, she squealed and shot up, her cunt sliding off my dick. You bred me! I'm going to have your babies and be your daughter-slave!

She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me with her lips soaked in her mother's spicy pussy cream. I groaned, kissing my daughter back with such passion. I loved this so much. I kissed my daughter so hard.

Oh, honey, you have to let me clean you out, purred Helen. I need to devour my delicious step-daughter's pussy clean of her daddy's cum.

Zelda broke the kiss with me and squealed, Yes, Mom! Will you fuck me with your strap-on, too?

Of course I will, she said. You're going to be my sex slave, too. And you know how I love fucking cuties with my strap-on.

I've heard the rumors, Zelda said. I'm so glad to be fourteen to enjoy all the fun!

She scampered off as I rolled onto my back between Mrs. Foster and the cuddling pair. My pet and Allie both stared at me. My dick throbbed, soaked in Zelda's pussy cream. I stared at them, looking so beautiful. Mrs. Foster rolled onto her side, thrusting a pillow between her thighs. She looked so eager to watch the fun.

Mmm, someone wants to see me fuck their granddaughter, I said.

Yes, I do, Master, purred Mrs. Foster. She slid her hand over my hairy chest.

Darcy, come sit on my face. I want to eat your pregnant pussy while our daughter rides my cock. I glanced at Allie. Want to pop your cherry that way?

She beamed at me and darted her head towards mine and planted a quick kiss on my lips. 

Mmm, she's going to make a wonderful teacher's pet for you, Mr. Miller, Darcy said as she rose.

You're always my pet, I said.

You can have more, Darcy said. Imagine going to school this fall with not one but two pets, a mother and daughter.

That's why you're the best, Darcy, I said as she rose awkwardly.

I loved that about pregnant women. They had to move with care, but that just made them more beautiful to me. They were carrying new life. A miracle. A bit of me and she had come together once more to make something precious.

Like Allie.

As her mother moved to straddle my head and plant her shaved twat on my lips, Allie rolled over and slid on me. She was straddling me in moments, her bald twat rubbing on my cock. She smeared her hot pussy juices up and down my dick, her little clit massaging the crown of my cock.

Ooh, that's nice, she cooed, grinding her snatch on my dick. That felt wonderful. I loved that so much. I savored her cunt sliding up and down me.

Darcy straddled my head and lowered herself to me. I stroked her pregnant belly as her shaved snatch came closer. A drop of her spicy pussy cream landed on my mouth. She tasted so much like her mother. I groaned as my teacher's pet settled her twat right on my lips.

I licked at her folds.

She groaned as I did that. I stroked my tongue through her pussy lips. She gasped, her back arching. My daughter squirmed on my cock before she lifted herself. She grabbed my dick and held me upright. The lips of her pussy pressed on my crown.

My daughter kissed me with her virgin flesh. I groaned, my tongue licking through her mother's snatch. I gathered up Darcy's spicy cream as Allie pushed her hymen against the crown of my cock. She moaned, her maidenhead stretching.

That's it, honey, purred Darcy. Ooh, be a good pet and impale your cunt down your father's dick. Just like that.

Yes, just like that, cooed Mrs. Foster. Mmm, you are such a sexy granddaughter, Allie.

I know! Allie moaned and pushed harder. I love you, Daddy!

Her cherry popped.

She squealed with delight as she plunged down my cock. I moaned into her mother's hot snatch, savoring my daughter's deflowered pussy swallowing more and more of my dick. Allie moaned as she sank down me. She swallowed my rod, bottoming out on me.

I thrust my tongue into her mother's snatch. I swirled around in Darcy's pussy, my hands stroking her pregnant belly. I slid over her as my daughter slid her pussy up my cock. The pleasure swept down my shaft. Such exquisite bliss. It was an incredible rush.

I was so happy to feel that hot twat sliding down my cock. I savored it as I quivered here. My heart pounded in my chest as I loved this delight. It was incredible to have my daughter riding my dick. To feel her once-pure flesh sliding up and down me.

Mommy! Allie moaned. Oh, Mommy, I'm ridding Daddy's cock! 

Yes, you are, I groaned, my dick throbbing in her pussy.

Mmm, ride your Daddy, baby girl! Darcy moaned. Work that cunt up and down his dick. Just make him cum!

I will, Mommy! my darling daughter groaned, her pussy clenching about me.

She worked her twat up and down my cock, squeezing hard. I loved how she did that. Her hot cunt massaged my dick while I tongued her mother's spicy snatch. I licked at my pregnant pet's pussy, loving the flavor of her.

It was so hot eating one of my pregnant women out. To dip my tongue into the pussy I had bred. I loved it. Reveled in it. I swirled my tongue around in her snatch. I stirred her up, loving the taste of her. She had such a yummy snatch.

My tongue fluttered through her folds. I licked and lapped at her with passion. My tongue swirled through her folds as our daughter worked her cunt up and down my dick. Allie moaned as she rode me, her fertile snatch massaging me.

Daddy! Daddy! Daddy! she moaned.

Mmm, yes, yes, ride that big dick, Mrs. Foster cooed. Such a sexy granddaughter. Your daddy's going to breed you today!

I know! Allie squealed. I need him to breed me. I'm his little girl!

You are, I moaned into her mother's snatch. I'm going to spurt all my seed into your womb.

Yay! she squealed, her pussy clamping down on my cock as she slid up me.

I groaned at the pleasure melting down my shaft to my nuts. That heat rippled through me. I was so thrilled with this pleasure. I was so happy to experience it. I would pump my little girl full of all my spunk. This was an amazing day.

She slammed her twat down on my dick. She plunged over and over down my cock. I loved every minute of it. This was an incredible delight. Just a fantastic passion. I shuddered, my dick throbbing with the need to cum in her twat. 

Darcy groaned as I flicked my tongue through her folds. I brushed her clit at the start of each lick. I nibbled on her. She groaned as I did that. I suckled on her with hunger, wanting to just make her cum. It was a treat to flick my tongue through her folds. I loved that so much. I feasted on her with such hunger, licking at her with everything that I had.

She groaned as she smeared her pussy on my mouth. She worked her hips from side to side, smearing her hot juices on my lips. I loved that so much. I licked at her with such hunger. She squeezed about my face, humping against me.

Yes, yes, yes, Allie moaned. Mommy! Mommy!

Mmm, cum on your daddy's cock! Darcy purred.

I will, Mommy! my naughty little girl moaned. I'll cum so hard on him!

She slammed her cunt down my dick. It was an incredible rush to have her riding me like that. I loved it so much. I enjoyed her hot cunt working up and down my dick. I suckled on her mother's clit. I nibbled on her bud.

Oh, Mr. Miller! my naughty pet moaned. Oh, Mr. Miller, I'm going to cum! Keep sucking on me like that!

Cum, Mommy, cum! squealed Allie as she slammed her twat down my dick. Her hot cunt devoured every inch of my cock. Because I'm going to burst!

Mmm, then let's come together, Darcy moaned, leaning forward as Allie slid her pussy up my cock. My darling cutie.

I heard them kissing as Allie impaled her cunt down my dick. Her pussy went wild. She squealed into her mother's lips as she came on my dick. Her hot flesh rippled around my shaft. I moaned about her mother's clit, sucking hard on it.

Darcy's pussy cream gushed out and bathed my mouth. I drank her delight as our daughter's cunt rippled around my dick. It was an incredible passion. I loved the feeling of her twat rippling around me. The pressure at the tip of my dick swelled and swelled.

Breed me, Daddy! squealed my daughter.

Yes! I growled and erupted.

I fired blast after blast of cum into her snatch. I pumped her pussy full of jizz. I flooded her with everything that I had. It was an incredible delight. A wonderful passion. I shuddered with each spurt of cum that I had in me.

I pumped blast after blast of jizz into my daughter's twat. I groaned, drinking my pet's pussy juices. Darcy and Allie both moaned. Their passion was so hot to hear. My daughter's pussy milked my dick. She quivered on me as I knocked her up.

Daddy! Daddy! she moaned, her passion so beautiful to hear.

I loved it so much. I savored it. This pleasure surged through me. It was an amazing rush to have all that bliss billowing through me. I groaned, savoring this bliss. I felt so good. Both my daughters were bred.

Happy birthday, Darcy moaned and kissed our daughter again, my tongue flicking through her folds. 

What a wonderful day. 

But it wasn't over yet. Not nearly enough. Mmm, Darcy, you have a daughter to lick clean.

Oh, Mr. Miller, that sounds perfect! Darcy squirmed on my face. And will you... fuck me in the ass?

I grinned. Yes, I can.

My daughter slid off my dick and her mother crawled off my face. I smiled as Darcy bent over and buried nuzzled her lips into our daughter's deflowered cunt. Allie gasped as her mother started her feast.

I sat up, my cock soaked in her pussy juices. I pressed my dick into Darcy's butt-crack. I slid down to her asshole. She moaned in delight, devouring Allie's pussy. Our daughter squirmed on her back, her blue eyes squeezing shut.

Mommy, she cooed as my dick found Darcy's asshole. Oh, Mommy, your tongue is licking up all of Daddy's cum.

Such yummy cum, my pet purred as I thrust against her asshole. Mr. Miller!

Her anal ring widened before my pussy-lubed dick. It felt incredible to have her flesh slowly part for me. An incredible rush to enjoy her asshole swallowing my dick. I loved it. I savored this heat swelling through me as I drilled against her. 

I loved how she stretched around me. It was such a thrill. I savored this heat growing through me. It was fascinating to feel. To experience. I loved how her anal ring widened and widened. She stretched wider and wider to swallow my dick.

Fuck, I groaned as I popped into her bowels. Her velvety sheath devoured me.

Mr. Miller, she moaned into her daughter's sloppy cunt.

Allie squirmed as I buggered her mother. I sank to the hilt in Darcy's asshole, loving how she squeezed about me. She held me in that tight grip. It was an incredible rush to have her clenching down on me. I gripped her hips, a big smile spread on my lips.

I thrust back into her bowels. I fucked into her anal sheath hard and fast. I pounded her with force. She groaned into our daughter's cunt as I buggered her hard. I fucked my pregnant pet's asshole with vigor, my hands stroking over her round belly.

I held her pregnant stomach as I drilled my dick in and out of Darcy's asshole. I fucked her hard, my nuts tightening from the velvety grip of her bowels. I loved how she felt as I fucked into her again and again. I pounded her with force.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned into our daughter's cunt. Oh, Mr. Miller!

Fuck Mommy so hard, Daddy! squealed Allie. Ooh, she's licking out all your jizz! Oh, Daddy! She's going to make me cum!

Good! I growled, the ache growing in my nuts. I want you to explode on her. Drown your mother!

Drown me, moaned Darcy, her hot asshole clenching down around my dick. Oh, yes, yes, drown me as I cum on your daddy's cock!

Yes, that's so hot, Helen moaned, watching, Zelda settling down before her. She winked at me.

I winked back at her. I loved her so much. I loved all my women. 

I hammered Darcy's asshole, my dick throbbing. The need to cum swelled in me. I hurtled towards that mighty climax. I would just burst with delight. Just cum in her asshole. My heavy nuts slapped into her taint as I drilled forward, on the verge of bursting.

Mommy! squealed Allie. She bucked on her back, her round tits jiggling. Yes!

Oh, honey, Darcy moaned as I buried my cock into her asshole. Oh, my baby girl, yes!

My pet's asshole convulsed around my dick. I groaned as I drew back, savoring the heat. My wife smiled at me as she watched, Zelda's face buried in her twat. I winked at Helen as I buried into Darcy's asshole, the pressure in my nuts bursting.

I erupted.

My cum fired into my pet's asshole. I groaned, unloading blast after blast of jizz into her anal sheath. I loved it. I savored it. This heat swept through me. It was a rush as my pet's bowels milked my dick. Velvety flesh rippled around my dick, nursing at me. I reveled in that hot delight.

I grunted with each eruption. I spurted over and over into her asshole. I unloaded all my cum into her bowels. It was an amazing treat. Pleasure swept through me. Just an amazing bliss. I loved it so much. 

Yes! I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into Darcy's asshole. The very cutie that had started this with that wonderful belt.

I looked around at my women. My wife, my sex slaves, my daughters. I was so happy. I had such an incredible life thanks to this belt. I had made a utopia of my world. A perfect place. I stroked Darcy's pregnant belly.

I would have a long, long life to enjoy my success. Wherever this belt came from, I was thankful. I was the luckiest guy in the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The figure smiled as it watched the world that the Best Teacher had created.

A fun diversion. That world had become spectacular. But there were other diversions. Other worlds. An infinity of them to meddle in. The figure was working on something new. Not belts or panties or rings, but something that would venture into areas the figure had meddled in just once. 

The figure smiled. App development. That promised to be quite diverting.

It left Mr. Miller to his own pleasures. The world had become boring now to the figure. But it always had new ideas. New amusements to see how they would play out. That was the fun of interfering.

Nothing ever quite played out the same way. 

The END
