** SPECIAL NOTE TO READERS **
On May 7th this story will be available for FREE on Amazon Kindle as an ebook.  If you like reading this, I would ask you to download it for free and rate it (highly!) for me please. That way I'll keep writing more of this type of fiction.  Just search for 'Vulvoid' on the Amazon store on the 7th to find it.. There are 3 stories in total on Amazon, and they are all slightly different, improved versions, of the stories on this web site.  Thank you!!


Vulvoid Transform - part 6 By Lisa James
Timeframe: 3 months after Lisa becomes a vulvoid girl

   Agent Pieter Yasharov was a covert operative for the USSR secret
service, 24 years of age he was one of the youngest in the service.  When
the russians heard word of a highly secret weapon called Vulvoid being
developed by the Americans, they had no choice but to find out more.  The
information trail was extremely hard to find, yet working alone and with
diligence and following instincts Agent Yasharov found a trail that led to
a home for orphan girls, somewhere in Oregan.  Whilst thinking it an
unlikely trail, nonetheless he hired a car (under an alias) and drove to
the small town that was host to the girls home called secretly known as
GIRL (Girlhood Investigative Research Laboratories).  Driving through the
night he located the facility and parked the car discretely and walked
towards the grounds.  The facility had guards and surveilance cameras. 
Peering from a boundary he could see several high-school age girls engaged
in various activities - one appeared to be writhing on the grass in a
school dress with her hand between her legs clearly masturbating!  This was
one of the wierdest (and possibly most arousing) missions that Agent
Yashanov had even been on.

   Whilst waiting for dusk he noticed a bus, aparently full of relatively
young (16-25 year old) people - male from what he could see.  The bus
entered the facility and the pasengers were watched carefully as they left
and entered the building via a ramp that appeared to go undergound.

   About 1 and a half hours later the sun was down and the guard appeared
to be changing, Agent Yashanov madea break and entered the grounds, heading
for the ramp that he saw the bus passengers go down.  He dodged several
roaming guards and sweeping cameras before slipping between the doors at
the end of the ramp that led underground.  He followed a long corridoor and
stairs that seemed to leed to an underground chamber that was strangely
silent.

   Turning a corner he saw a most interesting sight - a hall filled with
two facing rows of what looked like cryogenic chambers.  Each one was about
the size of a large fridge with a clear rounded glass front.  Each one
contained a person!  Agent Yasharov pulled out a digital dictaphone and
began to take notes...

   'Agent Yasharov here...  I have penetrated the facility and made my way
to an underground facility...  I am in a hall with what look like cryogenic
chambers - each containing a person...  This is bizzarre, but they are nude
except for underwear, and...  wait...  the underwear is moving!  Beating in
and out like some weird heart...  what is this?' He walked closer, looking
at the left hand row of chambers and walking up to the first one.

   'I dont know what is going on here...  the people in the chambers are
male...  yet they are wearing panties...  and the panties are moving!  I
still cant see the faces of the men, they are obscrured, but I can see the
body twitching and straining like they are trying to escape...  hang on...'
he looked to his left at the bank of chambers facing the left hand row. 
'No...  I made a mistake, they are not all male, the ones on the left are
female...  weird...' as he said this he looked down the line of chambers on
his right and noticed something even stranger...

   'Wow...  I dont understand...  The men on my side...  some of them
have...  breasts!' He stared at the throbbing panties covering the crotches
of the men nearby and began to feel uneasy...  'I dont know, but I think
that they are undergoing some kind of change from female to male, or male
to female...  I cant tell which!' He walked down the line on his right
staring at the person in each chamber.  When he got half way down his line
he stopped and stared at the person in the chamber nearest.  Fo some reason
the body was twitching more than the earlier ones.  Their penis and balls
clearly presented in the bizarre throbbing panties between his legs.  Agent
Yasharov stared then at the person's chest and saw an amazing sight...  The
small male nipples litterally swelled before his eyes and grew into much
larger female nipples.

   'Oh my god!  I just saw one of the men grow girls nipples...  hang on...
I see breasts forming, they are growing before my eyes!  These men are
being turned into girls!' He spoke into his dictaphone.  He then began to
walk down the line and observe the changes of each of the victims inside
the chambers...  'The ones behind me must be further into the process... 
The ones opposite me appear to have become fully female!  The breasts
appear to be the first changes, but now that I look I see that the
appearance fo breasts also seems to conincide with a noticable reduction in
penis and ball size...'

   He walked further down the line and stopped outside a chamber with a
victim with large C sized breasts and a rather smallish penis revealed when
the throbbing panties deflated between beats.  'I am watching one of the
victims now, the panties are throbbing like they are alive and I can see
the person inside frantically straining at the restraints!  I cant even
beging to imagine what it might feel like to become a girl like this!  The
penis is smaller each time I see the panties deflate...  hang on...  oh my
god!  The hips are widening before my eyes!'

   Agent Yasharov was getting scared now, he moved to the other side and
watched something that made his scrotum contract 'I am watching another
chamber now - more advanced in the transformation, the penis is so small I
am actually watching it disappear!  Oh my god!  They are changing men into
girls!...  I can see the poor bastard writhing, trying to get out!'

   Just then there was a loudish hiss and the chamber with the person that
Agent Yasharov had assumed a girl - the most changed person - slid open. 
What emerged was a lithe girl with large breasts, shapely legs and the most
girlish of crotches.  Her panties were not throbbing.  She screamed 'Oh my
god!!  Im a girl!!!  I have a cunt!!!  Oh god - please no!  My dick!  I've
lost my dick!  I hate the sensation between my legs!!!  Help me!!!' Agent
Yasharov slid between one of the chambers containing a transforming
man-girl and watched a spine chilling scene unfold...  The newly released
hysterical girl grabbed her breasts and screamed 'Aaaahhhhh!!!  These
breasts are controlling me!!!  Nooo!!!  I wont....  Please no!!!' and her
shuddering body moved to some low padded benches that sat between the two
rows of chambers...  She sat down screaming 'No...  please no!!!  dont make
me touch it!!!  Help!!!  I need a doctor!!!  I cant bear the feeling!!! 
Being a girl!!  no!!!  I cant control my body!!!  Heeelp meeee!!!!' and she
spread her legs, grabbed her amazingly female panty covered mound and began
to masturbate!  She screamed obscenities as she did so and decried the
sensations of her new flat and internal genitals.  Whilst this happened
Agent Yasharov watched the poor bastard who's penis had just become
completely absorbed, enter another phase of the transformation....  A clear
and obvious cleft appeared in the flattened mound between his/her legs...
Obviously a vulva slit was beginning to form...  Whilst the slit lengthened
the released girl reached orgasm and began hysterically bucking her hips
whilst almost violently feeling her coming vulva and sobbing about the
swallowing sensation of her 'girls mouth' and the emptyness and
invasiveness of her cunt.  Her panties were moving again - differently this
time - sucking into her slit and moving over her vagina whilst she just
watched in horror.

NOTE::: Check out a cool illustration of the chambers here: http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/vulvoid-chamber-lowres.jpg

   Agent yasharov was getting worried.  Hiding in between two chambers he
pressed himself towards the back to escape notice and in doing so hsi ear
pressed against one of the chambers.  Inside he heard the person screaming
in a girls voice "God no!!!  Im growing a vagina!!!  Noooo!!!  Not a
cunt... Please god no!!!!  Vagina!!!  Aaaaaahhhhhh!!!".  Agent Yasharov
heard another hiss and heard another chamber open - the occupier stumbled
from the chamber and began an almost identical screaming, pleading and
masturbating routine.  Several minutes later another chamber opened and
another poor new girl emerged to experience her first breast control.

   It was ten more minutes of this kind of hell when the chamber that Agent
Yasharov was hiding behind began to open.  As the cover swung open it
knocked him and in an adrenaline induced slow motion he fell forward to
land in front of the chamber.  Whilst the most recently released girl did
not notice, the others did and their reaction was bizarre.

   "I know they have turned you into girls!" Agent Yasharov said

   Two of the girls, who had finished masturbating, began to cry and said
"Yes!!  Its so fucking horrible!!!  Help us!!!  Plea...  plea... 
aaahhhh!!!" and they grabbed their breasts suddenly as if trying to tear
them from their bodies.  Their faces took on shocked, disbelieving looks
and they moved forward to Agent Yasharov.  Standing just a few feet from
him, one of the girls took her hands off her breasts, thrust them in his
face and whimpered as a spray of clear liquid shot from their nipples to
hit Agent Yasharov.  "My body!!!  I cant control it!!!  I think its these
breasts!!!  God no!!!  Im a girl robot!!!" she wailed

   Agent Yasharov said "What!!!  I feel...  Strange....  No!!!!  I..." and
with that he dropped to the floor, very much alive yet unable to move.  He
hit his head on the floor and also passed into unconciousness.  In a way
that saved him watching a newly changed vulvoid girl endure the ultimate
sexual violation of panty rape and birth.  When he woke up he was inside a
chamber, nude and from the squeezing sensation between his legs he just
knew he had on a pair of the filthy vulvoid panties!  He began to scream
and desperately fight the restraints that held him.  It was useless.

   It was five minutes before the panties first injective pulsation. 
Several more minutes before the panties beating rythm was established in
which they drove fluids into his body.  He was hysterical yet unable to do
anything other than feel his body begin to change.  First the nipples, then
the breasts.  He felt his penis shrink, his balls shrink, his hips widen.
He endured the horror of the wiring up of his new breast brains into his
nervous system.  He felt his cock become fully absorbed and felt every
millimetre of his labia lips forming and parting.  He wished himself to
wake up, that it was a dream - yet he knew it was not when his vagina began
to bore inside his body from behind the hated girls mouth between his legs.
Agent Yasharov became a girl.

   ****************

   It was minutes of mental and physical torture after he felt the final
changes take place between his legs that the beating of the panties slowed
and stopped.  He was now a girl!  - no longer a he but now a she! 
Breathless and shaking with shock there was a hissing sound as the front of
the chamber slid up and the restraints let go.  She stepped from the
chamber and immediately glanced between her legs to see a perfectly female
mound hugged by tight bikini style panties.  Ripe, firm breasts thrust from
her chest.  She screamed in a girls voice and grabbed between her legs, her
hand sensing for the first time the rounded flatness of a vulva.  It was
shocking to be able to cup her whole genitals in a cupped palm!  She
squeezed the organ in disbelief and felt her palm grind into her clitoras
where her penis used to be.  It was an unbelievable sensation, but far
worse was the sensation of the lips being parted by her frantically roaming
fingers.  She now knew what cunt lips felt like - and it was a sensation
she hated.  Her frantic hand pushed down the front of the panties (whose
cilla like elastic edges had released their tight grip on her skin) and she
felt her slit directly.  It was moist and horrifically female.  Her
trembling fingers forced a passage into the slit and pushed down the length
of the slit from its beginning, pushing past her pathetically engorged
clitoras and moving back about 2 inches intill they were at the entrance to
that most girlish of organs - her vagina.  She was sobbing and emitting
piteous wails as she felt her vulva, then she screamed again as she pushed
her disbelieving fingers into her vagina passage - first one then two
fingers burried themselves inside this hole.  She shuddered at the thought
that she had a girls hole where she had testicals just an hour ago. 
Glancing around she noticed for the first time the other recently
transformed girls.  Many were still frantically masturbating - many were
simply sitting in shock, a few were still staring at and feeling their
girlish body parts with looks of horror on their faces.

   She could feel her fingers inside her, feel her hand pushing her vulva
lips apart.  She started to pull her fingers out when she felt an electric
sensation in her breasts and saw her nippled become errect.  The electric
sensation became more pronounced and then she felt something that made her
blood run cold.  Her hand began to move my itself, like her body was being
controlled by someone else.  Her hand began to rub her cunt in the same way
that the other girls had began to masturbate.  Now she understood why the
girls all seemed to do the same thing after being released from the tank -
but connecting the obvious dots, she dropped her saddened and horrified
eyes to her breasts, realizing that these fucking hideous mounds on her
chest were not just breasts, but they had intelligence!  There was another
brain in her body now, in the guise of these perfectly ripe breasts, and it
was now controlling her and forcing her to experience her new sexuality in
a most graphic and inescapable way.  She could not even cry as her body
control made her spread her legs further and rub her slit, enter her vagina
and palm her clitoral area (where her penis used to be) with increasing
frenzy.  She felt her vulva and vagina begin to get wet, her clitoras
throbbed and she began to wildly buck her hips as she was forced to the
point of climax.  The sensation of her highly aroused vulva was alien and
so flat and invasive, her breasts were throbbing now in time with her
clitoras when she felt the beginning of an orgasm.  The orgasm built up and
then came tumbling in on her, she felt her vagina spasming with an
swallowing sensation that started near ver vagina entrance and moved inside
her body.  Her vagina lips tingled and her clitoras sent waves of female
pleasure through her emasculated crotch.  It was a magnificently powerful
orgasm, yet she hated it utterly for the wrongness of this sensation in her
(formerly) male body.  She also felt her first female ejaculation - a flood
of juices spewed from her vagina and into her panties.  She knew what was
going to come next - the 'gusset' of the panties was touching the hand she
still had thrust down the front of her living panties, it began to move. 
She felt another powerful electric sensation in her breasts and her hand
jerked up and out of her panties while the gusset writhed and wriggled
above her vulva.  She could feel the foul living fabric brushing and
cupping her labia and wriggling into her slit.  She began to cry again in
frustration, yet was forced to sit upon one of the benches, spread her legs
and powerlessly observe while this bizarre and hated living underpants
gorged itself upon her orgasmic jiuces.  To say she felt violated was an
amazing understatement.  This day she had been raped by her own forming
vagina, she had been demasculated, she had her chest defiled by intelligent
breasts and she had become host to a most foul form of parasite - a pair of
vulvoid panties.  Her life would never be the same again - and she did not
even know the whole truth about her forthcoming existence as a vulvoid
girl...

   There were 14 chambers in the room, and when Agent Yasharov entered
there were 14 boys and men transforming within them into girls.  All 14
were now girls, as was she, and they all appeared to be lying or sitting
around in combinations of shock and disbelief.  Everyone was whimpering and
frequently calling out for help.  There were a few conversations, and those
generally covered exchanging graphic descriptions of how their new genitals
felt and how their breast-brains had stolen their bodies.  Many still
touched and stared at their new female genitals and breasts.  Under any
normal circumstances Agent Yasharov would have been enraptured to be in
such close and intimate presence to such obviously lovely girls bodies -
but the fact that he was now a girl, sensing the very organs he used to
covet between his (now her) own legs, made the experience anything but
pleasure.  In fact it was hell.

   There was a lound thump as a door opened and in walked more girls and
women.  At the head of the line was a youngish girl who cleared her throat
as she introduced herself as Lisa - formerly Stefan, the head vulvoid. 
Behind her were about 8 others, including some older women who had the
haunted faces of the tortured.

   "Let me apologize to you for your circumstance, I too was a male only 3
months ago and I have undergone the sexchange you have all endured.  I
would like to tell you it gets better - but that would be a lie.  I would
like to tell you that your girlhood is reversable, that a doctor could
inject you with some serum and return you to your boys or mans body.  That
cant be done - your girl's body is now your new home..." Lisa spoke,
pausing for the inevitable gasps and horrified protests from the new girls

   "Silence!" she barked.  "Today you have not just changed sex, you have
changed species in a way....  Your bodies may be female, yet they are
more...  Your breasts are intelligent, they can control you, you can work
with them or fight them - you cant win if you fight them.  Having been a
host for 3 months I can tell you that you will slowly merge your thinking
with your breast brains - you will develop such envy for anyone male that
you will want them to share your fate - your girlhood!" and she grabbed her
panty covered cunt as she said this.

   The recently transformed girls were all transfixed and many
hyperventialting as they listened, partly out of fear, some forced by their
breasts (as evidenced by their engorged nipples).

   "The panties you wear are life forms developed by Genetech.  You are now
their host and they will use your body for three things...  shelter, food
and reproduction.  You will hate your panties as I hate mine, yet they are
now part of you in a way.  You will be forced to masturbate regularly to
feed them...  Your vagina, vulva and womb will be used to produce other
vulvoid panties...  Yes they will sometimes rape you...  yes you will give
birth...  all against your will.  Yet your hatred of all men and boys -
especially these ones..." Lisa said, swinging her gaze and pointing towards
the older women in her group.  "Will see you join me in wanting them all to
become like us...  Vulvoid girls!  The females I pointed out earlier were
the very scientists and doctors who developed the vulvoid program...  I
have extended their experiment to their own bodies...  They now must endure
what they made me endure.  We have gone from being the subjects to being
the masters." Lisa continued.

   "The former general here...." Lisa said pointing to an attractive yet
highly distressed lithe female who appeared to be in her late thirties "was
most co-operative before we changed him...  he arranged for you military
prisoners to be brought here, so that we could start building our covert
Vulvoid army...  We now number 30...  We will form groups and disperse into
the community, changing as many boys into vulvoid girls as we can, building
our strength.  Growing our numbers and sharing our fate with the world of
men and boys!  A vulvoid girl is like a startrek borg - you have been
asimilated!  Yet you are also like a stargate gu'auld - your parasitic
controlling intelligence is in your breasts.  We will take over this
world!"

   ...  to be continued

   VISIT THE VULVOID HOME PAGE AT:
http://www1.asstr.org/~SexChange/index.htm