Author: Amber Heart
Title: The Demoness
Part: Chapter 02
Summary: Alexander is a normal young man until he meets the beautiful 
Demoness Nina. She has some grave news for his future
Keywords: rom, cons, magical, tg, transformation, nosex


THE DEMONESS


Chapter 2: The morning after
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Light. Why was there light? Alexander opened his eyes and promptly shut
them. The light burned a hole right through his skull. Ouch! Carefully he
liftet his left eyelid halfways. This way the pain was manageable. The
Sunday morning sun as shining through his appartment window. He was lying 
in his bed, seemingly naked. Was yesterday all a dream? He looked down, his 
left was attached to a pink plush handcuff. Locked on the other side of it 
there was a smooth pink red arm. OK, maybe it was NOT a dream. He 
thoughtfully turned his head. There she was, Nina the Demoness. Her whole 
skin was pink-ish red, a pair of dragon-like curved horns was protruding 
through her auburn hair, her wing was covering her shoulder like a tiny 
blanket, her other slim arm was pressing against her perfect firm breasts. 
Something moved below and his eyes catched her black spaded tail twitching 
behind her lithe waist and hourglass hips. Her proud prick had shrunk 
significantly.

The Demoness' eyes fluttered. "Alex, you are awake! I have to... 
Owwwwhh..." her face froze in pain. "Forgot about the headache." She cursed 
barely audible. Anxiously  she raised herself up, pulled her tail to her 
side like a cat. Now her cock was flapping over her alluring femininity. 
"Please... just don't run away... I can explain..." With her other hand she 
was massaging the base of her horns.

Warily Alex responded "Okey, it isn't like I could run anywhere anyways."

"Good... Noo I mean... wait a second!" she pressed a certain place on the 
cuffs which swiftly dropped between them. Alex was rubbing his wrist while 
the Demoness seemed to search her head for words, slowly shaking her head. 
"...Oh God I went over this so many times yesterday... I had the perfect 
words... fucking Initiation..."

"Huh?" She turned her head towards him, biting her lips and... why did she 
seem so... scared?

The Demoness finally raised her voice. "Okey look, there are Demons in this 
world..." Well yeah he thought. Obviously.
"...We aren't evil or anything. I mean that is what the curch say. They 
don't like us us but we stay out of their way and..." she rang for words. 
"You are one. You are one of US."

Her words made no sense. He a Demon? Alex shook his head in disbelief. Bad 
idea. He pressed his eyes back together and massaged his temples. Then he 
found the right words for this situation: "What?"

"You know, some people are born as Demons. They can look completely normal 
in their day to day life."

"Like you..."

"Yeah like me. I was born a Demon but looked completely normal. Everybody 
does until the Initiation."

"The what?"

"You know, when a Demon or Demoness sleeps with a Seed... a dormant demon 
if you will. It is what we did yesterday. It is a very special moment."
She was explaining everything like the birds and the bees. Alex knew he 
wasn't a Demon. But another thought went through his head. He HAD known 
there were absolutely no demons in this world. Could she be telling the 
truth? The Demoness was hunkering down, pressing her long legs to her chest.

Discombobulated Alex began forming his question. "So... IF I would be a 
Demon. I mean what would that even mean?"

"If you would be a Demon it would mean that..." she pressed her eyes 
together and looked up "...that your body would slowly transform to its 
true form. Within a week or two. Buuuuut, you are not a Demon, you are..." 
she took a deep breath "You are a DemoNESS."

"WHAT?!" His head was pounding againg.

"I wasn't sure at first. Normally I am not drawn to... but then we had the 
Initiation and... it was MINDBLOWING but then I realised..." with tears in 
her eyes she turned her horned head to him. "Please, I... like you! I 
didn't want to put you through this.

"Through what" Alex asked dissolvedly.

Nina gulped, withholding her tears she explained "It can happen that Seed 
and body do not match. Your transformation won't be the same. It will be... 
dangerous. Your seed will first adjust your human form. Aggressively."

"You mean, I will change into a woman?!"

"Yes"

Alex dropped his twirling mind into the pillow. "...what is going on 
here...". He closed his eyes and hoped to find comfort in the welcoming 
darkness. Opening and closing her mouth, she was trying to say something, 
but seemed to lack the words. Finally when he had his life together 
somebody would smack him back down again. It can never be easy, can it?! 
This stupid life thing. But death was no better, he thought about that 
extensively in his teenage years.

Nina opened her mouth again: "If you want me to leave I will, immediately. 
But if you let me stay, I can promise you two things. First, I will be by 
your side any day any time and help you with everything I can. Second, I 
may not know how you will look, but there has yet to be a Demoness that I 
dislike!" She paused for a while, probably waiting for his reaction. 
"Please I didn't want this. Usually the transformation is one of the best 
times. I mean your whole body is super sensitive and the feeling when... I 
wanted to give you your best time, and now I probably gave you your worst."

Alex heard a tender sobbing. After a few seconds his brain seemed so full 
with words, thoughts, hopes and he just had to let it out. "You know, it's 
not that I have never thought about it. You know, how it feels like, how my 
life would have been different, how people would react to me. Stuff like 
that. Sometimes I asked myself if I would be happier if..." Alex voice 
broke. But he recovered. "I decided on who I wanted to be. And it was good, 
but now I..." he pressed his lips and eyes togheter "I... I just don't know 
anymore". He felt a tear dripping over his cheek.

He opened his eyes,l ooking up to her Nina wispered "I am sorry."

Does she have to be? Alexander rose back up. "Be one hundred percent honest 
with me. Are you absolutely sure about me being a Demoness?"

"Yes" she replied with a meek voice and a tear on her cheek.

Was that so bad? He was new here, came to this town for an awesome job a 
month ago. Even though it was easy for him, he didn't have many friends 
here yet. Wait what was he thinking? His friends at work would PROBABLY 
notice a change. "Fuck, what about my workplace? My friends there how could 
I ever explain something like that?"

Nina brushed a tear away "You are new here, right?"

"Yeah, how do you..."

"Facebook. I could help you with that. They would never notice the change."

"What? How..."

"Just don't worry about it. It's the least I can do."

He quickly thought about it and then asked "If this is the least, then what 
else can you do?"

"Do you..." With a glimmer back in her eyes she turned to him again. "Do 
you want me to stay?" Her tail twitched between them.

"I think I do."

Unexpecetdly he got pounced, her arms and legs quickly wrapped around and 
she kissed him deeply. Yesterday's champagne-like sensation was gone but 
another took it's place. It was like a fluttering inside his stomach, 
like... butterflies. He embraced her, felt her chest pressing against him, 
her tiny wings flapping and her rising penis brushing against his own. She 
started pressing her hips harder against him. Without warning Nina suddenly 
jumped away. Wings folded behind her and avoiding his eyes.

"Sorry..." she mubled "...I didn't even ask... you are my first... normally 
people... do you even like me?" And she looked at her twitching seven inch 
shaft which still grew with every beat. His gaze dropped to her folds, a 
purple pulsing clit had pushed free. Traveling upwards to her perfect hips, 
he focused on her 'addition', which had its base right above her vagina.

"I think I do." Alex replied with a crooked smile. She looked up and gave 
him a reliefed chuckle. Alex inched closer. "What are we now? Are we dating 
or something?" He quickly reflected his words. "Is there even something 
similar that among Demons?"

There was her wicked smile. "There is something similar, although with less 
'obligations'. But I don't want that." She sensually crawled closer, her 
horns looming over her head and her tail swaying from left to right. "I 
want a bit more. Something like, a girlfriend for example. Which means:" 
She kissed him on the cheek "that I really like you" kissed him on his 
other cheek "and not ONLY because of the sex." and kissed him quickly. "But 
you will quickly get the hang of the whole relationship stuff once you are 
in your true form."

Alex let his head hang "So you are my girlfriend, but what am I?"

Nina's eyes widened. She visibly thought about the question a bit until she 
replied "We need to call it as it is. You are my girlfriend too."

This was weird. But Alex probably had start to accepting it. "I hope I 
won't be ugly at least."

Nina was grinning again "Oooh don't you worry." she cooed "A Demoness is 
smoking hot!" Turning around she suddenly seemed distracted. "Oh, I, uuuh. 
Look Alex..." she smiled at him "...Honey... Next week won't be easy on 
you, and I have to go get some things just in case." She stood up from the 
messy bed, her tail gently swaying with every step. "You stay in your bed 
for the rest of the day! Get some rest, you'll need it" she commanded. Then 
muttering more to herself "We have about fourty to fourty-eight hours until 
it really kicks off. I come by tomorrow evening after work, then I will be 
there if something happens during the night. Oh, my phone number!" She 
quickly curled something on a piece of paper as her body changed again. Her 
pink red skin faded. Tail, horns, wings and penis retracted slowly. It was 
weird seeing naked Human-Nina again.

"Wait, I have so many questions!" he exclaimed.

"I am sorry but I have to. I really want to stay with you. If you have like 
shorter questions, I can try to anser them now" she said as she was 
searching her underwear.

"OK I, uhm, will I be able to shift around like you?"

"Yes you will"

"Alright, alright, uhm, you said I was your first?!"

Nina halted, looked up and grinned "My first Initiation, you were not 
'that' first."

"Ah, OK, uhm" Alex choked. "Will I be able to get pregnant?"

She froze in the middle of her pulling down her red dress. "You could get 
pregnant. But... oh Alex I can't explain this on the spot. But you'll be a 
complete woman.". She grabbed her tiny handbag. Alex stood up nakedly for a 
final goodbye kiss, but she held him at a distance, although with a smile. 
"Don't... I'll ruin the dress."

"Huh?"

Nina laughed happily "You have so much to learn. Alex" and with that she opened 
the door, wished him well and until tomorrow and was gone.