Hello guys n' girls. My name is Dirk Diggler and I'm 23 years old today since its my birthday. So let me give you an idea about myself first. I'm 6'2 with a very good built body and attractive biceps and triceps. I have a fair complexion with black hairs and brown hazel nut eyes.

I'm a sophomore in my college doing my bachelors in business administration. Life has been full of excitement and surprises for me. And as we live our lives, we experience alot of things. Some are good while others are not so pleasant.

However, sometimes you experience things that lives with you for the rest of your life. What I'm going to share with you today is one of those things. It happened six months ago..... My family consists of four members.

My father who is a businessman and has many retail outlets throughout the country. He's mainly into the garment industry. He is 55 years of age. And he's a known and famous figure because of his successful venture in the garment industry.

Then I have an elder sister who is 26 years old. She is currently doing her master in business administration having done her undergraduation couple of years ago. And lastly, my mother. She has been a full time house wife ever since I have grown up.

She is 45 years old. We belong to the higher class society and if I may add, we have been quite affluent all our lives due to gods blessing and my fathers hardwork. I have had a reasonably healthy childhood though I wished I had spend more time with my father.

But he has always been busy with his work for the advancement of his business. My sister has always been busy with her life and her friends. Hence, the only memorable time that I can think of from my childhood were the ones I spend with my mother.

So as I grew up, things have been different in my family. As I went into my late teens, I got somewhat detached from my family for alot of reasons. My sister went abroad for her higher studies. Dad started to travel more due to his busy schedule.

He hardly stayed at home or spend time with mother or me. As this went on, I got busy with my studies and my personal life. I have had a very good acedemic and personal front in my school. I was very popular among peers. I have had a very good sex life aswell.

I had been and slept with the prettiest girls in my school. Hence, everything passed so quick that I didnt even realise alot of things that were going on in my family. Most notably the straining relationship between my father and my mother.

Their relationship got very sore. Above that, my father got into an extramarital affair with one of his business associates and it was the talk of the town. Mother initially dismissed those as rumours till she confronted my father,

when he admitted that there was more to it than just being a rumour. My mother got totally broken and shattered. She had loved my father alot. And she had given up so much in her life and sacrificed because of his family, happiness and convenience.

But this was how things went in her marriage life. Though my father had loved her, I guess different direction of our lives took its toll on him. But I was always convinced that my parents shared a unique bond.

Neverthless, just over six months ago my father decided that he wanted to divorce my mother. And that was when everything hit me. It totally shocked, stunned and broke my mother. Both physically and mentally. And this is where it all starts.

I suddenly realised how lonely and supressed my mother had been for all these years. While we were all busy with our own lives. Even at the age of 45, my mother was very pretty and maintained herself very well through rigorous work out and exercise.

She was still very sexy and had a sultry figure. She's 5'5 with long black hairs and a very fair complexion. Eyes as black as night skies and lips as red as a fresh rose. She had very firm tits with a mysterious curved ass which even I sometimes failed to understand.

But her health was detiorating very quick because of all the family stress that had been going on. I was seeing her totally break down right infront of my eyes. And that was when I started spending more time with her. Giving her emotional and psychological support.

And as I did, for the first time in my life I saw her as closely as I did. I started staying with her 24 hours a day. She was very weak and vulnerable. By this time, my father had moved in with his mistress. Hence, it was only me and my mother who lived in the entire mansion.

I couldnt even live her for a single second as she was in a very unstable mental condition. And had attempted suicide a couple of times already. I used to watch her all night as she used to cry, weep and sob in her bed. It was one of those nights.

There was a lightning thunderstorm that night. Very vicious and alarming. It was as if it was a sign of something that was coming. She hadnt eaten much as she never did during those days. And went to her bed in her silk nighty,

lying in her bedsheet tears flowing down her cheeks like a diamond. Something just told me that I couldnt live her alone that night. So I went and sat beside her in her bed holding her hands while she continued weeping.

As I saw her at that moment, right into her eyes, I realised how hurt and emotionally vulnerable she was. How supressed and sexually frustated she had been all these years. As she stared back at me with her deceptful eyes, a sensation ran through my entire body.

I immediately stopped staring at her eyes and my eyes fell on her tits. As I immediately realised that she wasnt wearing her bra as her pink nipples were visible through her silk nighty which were transparent.

As I kept staring at her tits, she saw me staring at them like a hungry animal, while we still held each others hands. She made her grip tighter. And as she did, I could feel my prick in my pyjamas getting hotter, bigger and erected with every passing second.

My intentions were getting unhonorable with every passing moment as I realised how cheap and filthy thoughts brushed through my mind. Thoughts like, how would it feel like rolling my tongue with her tongue kissing her passionately deep in her throat.

How would it feel like sucking and biting those pink nipples. How would it feel like fucking my own mother in her unseen cunt with my cock. How would it feel like fucking the hole that I came to this world from. How would it feel like fucking her gorgeous ass with my big and fat cock.

How would it feel like filling her vagina with my hot liquid. How would it feel like eating her cunt and tongue fucking it. All these thoughts brushed through my mind in a matter of a second. Thought I knew that this was something that was very unwarranted at this point in time.

And I also knew how dirty and filthy those thoughts were. BUT were they?. I just wasnt sure anymore. Right at that moment, my mother sat in her bed, still holding my hands with her tight grip. And as she sat, my eyes went back to her eyes.

And as our eyes met, for the first time in my life, I saw something in my mothers eyes that I had never seen before. It was full of mystery and lust. I had no idea what was she thinking at that moment.

But then she said in her broken voice, "it has been years since I last had sex with your father and I dont know if I will ever have sex with him again". And as she said it, I had some idea that she knew what was going on. Our eyes were still locked in each others eyes.

And at that moment, I just knew that I should leave otherwise, I would have lost my control. "Mother, I think I should leave now. Because I dont think I can trust myself being with you anymore.

I'm afraid I'll commit a major sin tonight if I keep staring at your eyes the way I am". But she didnt leave my hands. Gripping it even tighter than before. She took my hands and started kissing them with her rosy lips closing her eyes, while I felt her saliva in my hands.

She looked like a nightingle in her silk nighty while she kissed my hands. Her hairs shining like a mirror because of the table lamp. My cock was by now virtually begging me to release it from the prison. My lust for my own mother had reached to an unbelievable proportion.

I just couldn't take it any longer. I pulled my hands back, held her hairs with my right hand and kissed her red rosy lips. That was the first time my lips met with my own mother. As I kissed, she responded with an upright face.

I could feel the hotness in her breath as I rolled my tongue deep in her throat while I pressed her right tit aggressively with my left hand. As we continued with this, she started stroking my cock by releasing it from my pyjamas.

As I realised that I was now naked infront of my own mother, my cock grew even larger with excitement. As we continued, I pushed her in the bed like an animal and started undressing her. I tore her nighty to release her boobs and uncover her bushy cunt.

What I saw was absolutely maginificent. I couldnt believe my eyes. Her tits were as gorgeous as her face and her cunt was as stimulating as an 18 year old. I could see the wetness in her cunt as her precum started flowing out of sheer excitement of being fucked by her own son.

I immediately went round her while burying my cock in her mouth and spreading her legs wide while I started eating her cunt. We were in a 69 position. She was on top of me by now. As she sucked my cock like a thirsty bitch who hadnt been given a cock in years,

I kept eating her cunt fucking it with my tongue deep inside. The fact that her cunt was unshaven and was very bushy, gave me more stimulation and excitement as her pussy hairs touched my cheeks while I tongue fucked her cunt.

As we continued, I was by now fucking her mouth with big jerks while totally being engrossed deep in her pussy with my tongue. The smell of her odor and scent in her cunt was driving me more horny with every passing second.

I could feel her cum coming deep from her cunt. She could no longer hold it as this was the first time in years that she was having an oral sex. She squirted and exploded my whole face with her love juice. Hmmmmm mmmmmm mmmm mmm mmm.

I sucked each and every drop of her juice and rolled my tongue in a circular motion on her cunt lips to drink the last drop of her juice. Meanwhile, she was still sucking my cock like there was no tommorow.

However, I was still to cum as I had alot of sexual stamina and it would take alot more than just a blowjob. I couldnt control myself any longer. I pushed her aside and then I got on top of her while she lied on the bed on her back with her hairs scattered on both the sides.

I started caressing her nipples. I sucked and bit one while pressing the other. Meanwhile, my cock was brushing through her cunt hairs and cunt lips. I sucked and bit her nipples so hard that she started screaming and moaning with extreme pleasure.

"ohhhhhhh my goddddddddd. Harder. oooooooooooooh. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh. ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm", sighed my own mother while I sucked and bit her nipples. She was getting restless and impatient.

And then she started begging me to fuck her. "ohhhhh dirk plzzzzz. Fuck me you perverted son of a bitch. I cant take it anymore". I then stopped sucking and biting her nipples. By this time, my cock was at its maximum of 8 inches.

I spread her legs as wide as I could with both my hands. And then put the head of my cock in her cunt lips just outside her love passage. Still brushing it with her cunt lips and hairs teasing her mood and vulgarity.

Right at that moment, she started swearing at me and used abusive language, "you fucking perverted son of a cuntless bitch, fuck me I say, you bastard plz fuck me, oh goddddd, plz, I cant take it anymore, I just cant, you are gonna kill me you asshole,

plz satisfy my desires and fuck the hole you came out from". Her abusive usage of language excited me furthermore as I got ready to fuck her. Her cunt was still slippery with her juice. As I positioned the tip of my cock on her cunt lips, she closed her eyes.

I put her legs on my shoulder, and gave a jerk in her cunt with my cock. "ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh", she screamed with the top of her voice as she felt her own sons cock enter her vagina. As I took my cock out and gave a second jerk, my cock got buried deep in her vagina.

As I started jerking and getting a rhythm, my cock started getting in and out of her cunt. I started slow and then went on to proceed with medium jerks as she totally got lost in ecstacy closing her eyes and moaning with pleasure,

"ohhhhhhhhhh goddddddddd, yes yes yes yes yes yes, deeper, deeper, harder, harder". As I fucked and ripped her cunt with my cock, I saw her gorgeous tits fluctuating and bumping as the whole bed shook.

The sensation that I was feeling while fucking my own mother was absolutely incredible. I knew in the back of my mind that what I was doing was extremely sinful. However, the thought of commiting such a henous sin at that point

was what increased the pleasure of fucking my own mother by ten folds. As we continued, I increased the pace of my jerk and was by now almost ripping her cunt with my fat cock. I was fucking her like a stallion. In and out...In and out...In and out...Deep in her cunt.

I could feel her g-spot as I jerked in on the tip of my cock. As I reached my climax, I started seeing stars infront of my eyes. I could no longer hold it. I was going to cum. I thought of getting my cock out as I wasnt using protection, but it didnt really matter anymore.

I wanted to jizz inside my own mother. I just didnt care about the consequences anymore. And before I knew it, I cummed and jizzed all my sperms inside her pussy while I felt that she cummed at the same time. "ohhhhhhhhh godddddddddd",

we both cried out together as we cummed together. And fell in each others arms covered with sweat all over our bodies. We had both just been to heaven and it fell like we fell back on earth. We couldnt believe what had just happened as we stared at each others eyes yet again,

holding each others hands, while we kissed passionately lying naked on the bed. It wasn't long before my father had a fight with his mistress and came back to my mother ending speculations about the divorce.

As I had said, my father really did love my mother and they have always had a unique bond. However, the way I connected with my mother on that stormy night was something that was beyond incredible and unique.

It is something neither of us can ever forget. Its been 6 months since that incident. As of now, my family is back to normal with my parents being together again and my sister coming back from abroad within a few weeks time.

However, the big surprise is that as I write about this incident, my mother is expecting her third child in a few months. My father has been absolutely ecstatic about the entire thing and believes that this is exactly what would bring him and mother more closer and sustain their marriage.

As far as I'm concerned, I believe that there are some things in life that are best not talked about or thought of. And this is just one of them. I hope the truth never comes out and the skeletons stay in the closet. Personally, I feel that this is the most precious gift my mother could have ever given me on my 23rd birthday.













