Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Eighty-Two: Deflowering and Breeding His Daughters
Summary: Kurtis has daughters to deflower and breed!
Keywords: MMF Mf ff hf Hh inc oral crempie anal 1st exhib voy public fantasy magic
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Queen Tinia  Drakin Castle

The howl of the werewolves drew my attention. I rose from my bed, clutching at my belly. I was round with my king's baby. A son, Oberoy's brother. I was seven months along. It had been so long since King Kurtis had been to his domain. So long since he set off to find and save his father.

I moved out onto my balcony. The werewolves filled the Haunted Forest with their cries. I stared out into the dark woods. The faeries who lived here buzzed with excitement. They flew this way and that, their wings flapping. The women all had butterfly wings like mine, the males had dragonfly wings. 

What is going on? I called out to busty Sweetdrop. Her belly was as swollen as mine. The pink-haired fairy landed by me.

Why, he's back! squealed Sweetdrop. My queen, he's back. The king has returned to us!

I shivered in shock. Such joy swept through me at those words. I couldn't believe it. I fanned my face, my entire body quivering with the excitement of this moment. He was back? Truly? He had succeeded in saving our father, Las?

What a mighty deed.

Then we must prepare, I gasped. My jewelry!

Yes, my queen, Sweetdrop squealed.

She flew to my dressing table and opened the large jewelry box. She began pulling out the gold necklaces adorned with polished jet and alabaster. She draped those over my head so they hung across my breasts. Then belly chains adorned with opals went around my waist. She adorned my fingers with rings. Blue topaz and garnets and citrines.

I was so excited. 

I flew through the palace, the fairies who lived here all moving to the same place I was heading. The throne room. The howls outside were so exciting. The werewolves were so eager to have their packmaster back. Moon and the others were all pregnant, too.

All swollen with King Kurtis's daughters.

I reached the throne room, adorned only in my jewels. That was how a queen should greet her returning king. I settled down on my throne, my heart beating with such excitement. It was hard not to squeal in giddy delight. I was so ready for him to return.

The fairies gathered in the court. We had rebuilt Drakin Castle to its former glory. Using our magic, we had fixed the damaged walls. Everything about it was in pristine order. I was so glad for that. I took a deep breath, my breasts rising and falling.

The howls were in the castle. They echoed down the hallways. Two fairy guards opened the doors and there he was. Kurtis, our king. All the fairies bowed as he strode in. He looked so confident as he marched in warring those gray robes he liked. His two sister-wives were with him.

Pyrriah had blue hair. How strange.

Both his sisters were starting to show their own pregnancies. They were a few months along. Behind him came his mother, naked and collared, the chain clutched in her hand. Beside her was a slender woman also with a collar about her neck. She held Azuliana's hand, her hair white and flowing. A sylph. Two more sylphs followed her in, also collared, then came a moon nymph. She danced with joy, a lamia at her side. Nephi arrived along with the rakshasas. Then came my son wearing his own collar.

The leash was held in the demon's hand. Oberoy looked so happy as he walked before the demon. He had his back straight. He looked so changed from how I remembered him. That was a remarkable sight to witness.

I couldn't believe how confident he looked. He had grown strong.

My King, I breathed as Kurtis approached me. I motioned to the seat beside me. There were two more for his sisters flanking ours. Your throne awaits.

My queen awaits, he said and he shrugged off his robes. He was hard and throbbing. He was ready to take me before the entire court. Before all the fairy who lived here. I quivered in delight as I rose from the throne, my swollen belly thrusting out before me. And I see my son awaits.

Yes, she said. I shall name him Erltis. He shall be our heir and sit on our throne.

Kurtis nodded. Of course. He shall be the King of the Fairy. My other sons and daughters, well, they will have their own places.

Or find them, Lasla said, rubbing at her belly. She then shot a look at Pyrriah. Did the two know something about their children?

I reached my king. He pulled me into his arms and kissed me on the lips. I shuddered at the feel of his mouth on mine. He thrust his tongue into my mouth. He worked it around. I trembled at how wild that felt. 

My pregnant belly rubbed into his stomach. His hands slid down and stroked the sides of my fertile swell. My pussy clenched, so eager to take him in me again. He broke the kiss and motioned to the side. 

Oberoy was there. Beliala had let him off his leash. He stood naked and handsome, his cock thrusting out before him. He wasn't as big as Kurtis, but Oberoy was still Las's son. His dragonfly wings fluttered behind him.

Mother, he said and cupped my face with confidence.

My son kissed me before my husband. I groaned into his mouth. I loved the feel of his lips on mine. It was wonderful making out with me. His tongue thrust past my lips. I shuddered at how bold that was. My, my, he was growing up.

I shuddered as our lips worked together. Kurtis moved behind me. His hand slid onto my shoulders. My wings fluttered, brushing his strong chest. He massaged me as I made out with my beloved son. 

I broke the kiss and moaned, You both have returned to me. This is such a joyous day.

Yes, it is, said Kurtis as he pressed down on my shoulders. Kneel, and take your son into your mouth. Welcome him home the way a mother should.

Mmm, yes, Azuliana purred. 

My knees bent. I shuddered as I sank down and down to suckle on him. I had to nurse on him. I was so hungry for that. I would just gulp down all his cum. That would be something beautiful. I knelt before him as I opened my mouth wide.

I swallowed my son's cock.

Mother, he moaned as I took him into my mouth. 

I closed my eyes and loved him, my wings flapping. My wings fluttered as I bobbed my head. I worked my lips up and down his cock, suckling on him. I savored the salty flavor of his precum. That was exciting. It was a wonderful treat to nurse on him like this.

I would gulp down all his cum. Just swallow every drop of it. This was a delicious moment. His cock twitched in my mouth as I worked on him. He groaned as I did that. It was a wonderful moment to love him.

It grew better as Kurtis nuzzled his cock into my butt-crack. My king pressed his dick right against my asshole. He nuzzled it against my backdoor, so ready to ram into me and drive me wild. I was ready for that, too.

Las's big dick, he groaned and thrust against my asshole.

The court applauded as his dick drilled against my backdoor. I felt all their eyes on us as my anal ring widened and widened to swallow him. I suckled hard on my son's wondrous cock as my husband's dick drilled into me.

He popped into my bowels. I shuddered and groaned around his cock. I nursed on him with all that I had. It was wondrous to suckle on him with such force. My tongue flicked around his dick. His cock throbbed in my mouth.

Mother! he groaned. 

I wicked at him as I loved him. I suckled on him with all that I had. He groaned as I bobbed my head. I suckled and slurped on him. I loved his cock. My tongue danced around him. I knew what he needed. 

To cum.

To flood my mouth with his incestuous seed. My husband popped his cock into my asshole. He sank into me as I worshiped my son. My gentle Oberoy had returned to me. He smiled down at me as I suckled hard on him.

You're going to be a grandmother, Oberoy said. Beliala is having my daughter. She'll raise her to be my mistress, too. I'll have two of them.

Yes, moaned Beliala.

I squealed around my son's dick at the good news. My asshole clamped down hard on my husband's cock. He bottomed out in me. His hands slid over my fertile belly, holding my pregnant curves as he drew back his dick.

I shuddered as he slammed back into my anal sheath. He buried deep and hard into me. It was exciting having him fucking me. He pounded my anal sheath with all that he had. It was a delight feeling that big dick thrusting into me. He churned me up.

Mother! groaned Oberoy as I moaned around his cock.

My boobs bounced and jiggled as my husband sodomized me. He pounded my asshole with all that he had. He buried into me with such force. The heat melted down to my anal sheath. I gripped his dick. I savored this pleasure. I loved this delight as he buried into me again and again. It was such a wondrous delight.

My eyes rolled back in my head as I suckled on my son with all that I had. My husband fucked me fast and hard. He thrust into me with all that he had. My bowels melted around his dick. The heat soaked my pregnant pussy and brought me closer to cumming.

I nursed harder on my son. I slid my lips up and down his cock, rocking back and forth as Kurtis fucked me. My son slammed his big dick into me. He thrust over and over into me. It was so wondrous of him. I loved it.

I squeezed my bowels down on him as he plunged into my asshole again and again. He fucked me with all that he had. I shuddered, loving what he did to me. I whimpered around Oberoy's cock. He smiled down at me.

Mommy! he groaned.

Erupted.

My son's cum fired into my mouth. I closed my eyes, glorying in his return. My little boy was back where he belonged. I gulped down his cum. I swallowed it all down. I enjoyed that wonderful jizz. It was so delicious to swallow. I was in heaven.

My husband buried into my asshole as I swallowed my son's jizz. The heat soaked into my pussy and set off my orgasm. His hands tightened about my pregnant belly as he gasped out his pleasure and erupted into my asshole.

He spurted blast after blast of his cum into my bowels.

I moaned around my son's cock as my anal sheath rippled around Kurtis's mighty dick.

Gods damn, he groaned as he filled me up with his spunk.

He spurted into me again and again. It was so wonderful having all that cum pumping into me. I loved it so much. He erupted again and again, flooding my asshole with all his jizz. It was amazing having him spurting like that.

This is so good, Mom! Oberoy groaned as he filled my mouth with cum.

It is! Kurtis growled, his cum spurting into my asshole over and over again. 

I loved it so much. They both flooded me with all they had, filling me up with their cum. I was so happy to have all that jizz spurting into my asshole and flooding my mouth. Oberoy moaned, his wings fluttering.

He fired the last of his cum into my mouth and stepped back, his dick sliding out of my lips. Drool ran down my chin as Kurtis pumped more and more of his cum into me. His hands rubbed at my fertile pussy.

Kurtis! I moaned as he spurted the last of his cum into me. Oh, Kurtis, yes, yes, that's so good! Welcome home! Welcome home to your kingdom!

My kingdom, yes! he roared.

The fairies applauded, celebrating the return of their king as much as I did.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

We soon settled into our lives here. All our children had a royal nursery to live in. It was wonderful to see my daughters every day. We did have to wait to come to Drakin Castle until all the halflings and the two women on the Treasure Box gave birth and recover.

She ship was safely anchored in a cove under the watchful eye of the three men while the female members were here breastfeeding their babies. They would go out and sail on the Treasure Box once their children were old enough to join them.

It would be crewed by Kurtis's sons and daughters. They would have their own fun adventures.

Queen Tinia gave birth to her son and heir. I didn't mind. I knew the son in my belly would have a different destiny with his twin sister. I could just feel it. So did Pyrriah with her daughter. So we were happy as we settled into our lives.

Our bellies expanded more and more as we came closer to the due date. Shetha gave birth to her daughter, Kitty, and Diane had Atermia. Nephi named her daughter Regalia while the rakshasa had Anaryi, Ulavi, and Praditha. It was all so wonderful. Adazza had a gorgeous daughter name Kazziza just a few days ago.

Mother's belly swelled along with my sylph sisters, their due dates approaching, but they still had a month to go before they would have Kurtis's daughters. He had to have a few more cute babies first. I couldn't wait.

He was so eager for it. He was such a great father. He loved visiting the nursery and playing with the older daughters. The toddlers would climb all over him and giggle in delight. He would laugh, surrounded by his daughters.

It was such a beautiful thing to see.

Then it was time for my sister and me to give birth. We entered labor at about the same time, so that was interesting. Our mothers attended to us along with our sisters. We were in different beds gasping and crying out.

I gave birth to the first of my twins first. Konor was just so eager to get out. He wailed with strong lungs. Kurtis looked like such a proud father as he picked up his son and held him in the crook of his arm. I wanted to hold him, too, but...

Push! Mother commanded. I can see your daughter crowning.

That's it, keep pushing, Mother Azuliana said to Pyrriah. Here she comes. There she is!

Opheria, gasped Pyrriah as her daughter came out, her hair a dark blue. Mother Azuliana swaddled her and wiped off the afterbirth.

The contraction hit me hard. I screamed out and pushed. I gave birth to Lasalita, Konor's twin sister. They would have that special bond that Pyrriah had Kurtis had. I never begrudged them. I was still his sister. He still loved me just as much, but...

They shared a woman.

Kurtis held Konor and Ophelia as Lasalita was placed into my arms. Our children were born, and they were all so beautiful. I just knew they would have adventures. Ophelia would be a lust dragon, the perfect companion to my twins as they went out into the world and had their fun.

I was just so happy to hold my children. I smiled at Kurtis. He grinned back at me. We would have such an amazing life here. It would be a glorious time. I felt so good about things. I smiled with such broad joy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Seven years had passed since we returned to Castle Drakin, and the castle was bustling with children. Kurtis had knocked up every fairy woman in the castle our first month, and so many of his children laughed as they flew through the air. In the Haunted Forest, packs of his daughters roamed about, playing, learning to hunt from their mothers.

Moon and her werewolves were a fertile bunch.

I smiled as I watched the dragonettes flying. Mother's and my daughters were all learning to fly. They were all lust dragons. Velyianira, mother's daughter with Kurtis, and my three daughters, the twins Kurilia and Verilia, along with Ophelia. I hadn't had any more children since.

I probably would in another year or two. I was feeling that longing in me to carry another one of my twin brothers.

The dragonettes were so cute as they flew. They were about the size of dogs, their wings wide. They had blue or purple scales. They didn't have their fire yet, but they would when they were adults. Ophelia was the smallest, and the youngest.

Their sylph sisters joined them. Tulili, Mother Sianili's daughter, flew up and grabbed Ophelia's tail. Aurelia, Frelia's daughter, landed on Kurilia's back and pretended to ride her. Yesilia, Iliasa's daughter, flew threw them all, chortling in delight.

They were beautiful to watch. 

Regalia joined them, in her little sphinx form. Yesilia landed on Regalia, riding her as the sphinx chased after the dragonettes. It was all so beautiful. All so wonderful to watch. I smiled. Our quest had felt like a lifetime to accomplish, and now it felt like a lifetime ago.

Drakin Castle would one day be a bustling city of those descended from Las. The Haunted Forest was a place of refuge. There were fields now, in the clearings. Crops were grown. Deer were being tamed to form herds.

It was all so beautiful.

Momma! squealed Ophelia as she flew by chasing her sister-aunt Tulili. 

I waved to my little girl. She would grow up to be so beautiful. She would stand at Konor's side one day. He was down in the courtyard playing soldier with his brother, Erltis. They were both so cute banging swords together while Lasalita and Shetha's three daughters cheered them on.

It was a sight to warm a mother's heart. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Fourteen years ago, I witnessed the first of my daughters being born. Now they were ready to be deflowered. Well, not all of them. I had too many of them to want to properly love them all in one night. So I had Velyianira, my oldest dragon daughter with Mother; Kurilia, one of my dragon-twins with my sister Pyrriah; and Nala, one of the quadruplets from Lasla. 

Three gorgeous daughters, each cute and adorable in their own way.

They were waiting in my chambers for me. I came into a room decorated in candles. The sweet scent of incense burned. Through the silken canopy, I glimpsed my girls. I usually had my sisters in this bed or my fairy-queen, but tonight it was my daughters.

I threw it open and smiled at the tableau laid out before me. Velyianira with her light-blue hair, was in the middle. She was a gorgeous thing with big breasts like our Mother. They quivered as she smiled at me, naked and proud. 

Father, she said.

Daddy, Nala cooed. She had black hair and yellow eyes. Those were a trace of her sylph heritage. We really weren't sure still if Lasla was a sylph. Honestly, we weren't sure what I was. I looked human, but that probably wasn't it.

I was a demigod, that was enough.

Kurilia had black hair, too, and blue eyes. She was identical to her sister. They both turned into purple dragons, though. It was interesting to see them looking like that. The black hair was probably from me. 

My, my, aren't you three so gorgeous, I said. Mmm, three delicious daughters to deflower. That sounds like quite the task.

You're up to it, Dad, said Kurilia.

You're such a stud! squealed Nala. Ooh, Daddy, take us hard!

Well, first we have to do some pussy licking and get your pussies all nice and buttered up. I licked my lips. I need some help with that.

Kurilia's eyes widened. Nala, don't make me all wet and horny. I can feel you manipulating me!

You should have a softer touch, Nala, I said, not surprised Lasla's daughter had inherited that talent. But you're right. You and Kurilia should sixty-nine.

Because you're making me want to sixty-nine with her, Daddy, Nala said. You made me so horny, I just had to use my powers on Kurilia. That's what you did.

I winked at her. 

Do you want us to sixty-nine, Dad? Kurilia asked.

Yep, I said. You two make each other nice and wet while I lick Velyianira's pussy. Then you'll all be wet and ready for being deflowered. We're going to do such naughty things tonight!

Yay! squealed my little girls.

Kurilia climbed over Velyianira and straddled her half-sister's head. She planted her bald muff on her sister's face and leaned over. The naughty girl didn't hesitate to bury her face into her sister's pussy and start licking.

Velyianira bit her lower lip and squirmed there. She spread her legs wider. Her tight slit appeared. She could make her clit into a cock, of course, but she knew to control herself. I was so ready to feast on her.

I dropped down between her legs and buried my snatch into my daughter's perfect pussy. She had her sweetness. I groaned, licking at snatch as her half-sisters feasted on each other by us. It was such a delight to stroke my tongue through her folds.

I tongued her, loving the texture of her. The tease of her. She squirmed, her thighs squeezing about the sides of my head as I flicked my tongue up and down her. It was so much fun to lap at her like this. I licked her with all that I had.

She moaned, her thighs gripping my head. She humped against me. It was so much fun to have her do that. She squirmed there as I flicked my tongue over her folds. I lapped at her with all that I had. It was such a nice treat.

Father! moaned my eldest daughter. Oh, yes, yes, Father!

Ooh, Nala, you are so good at licking pussy! squealed Kurilia.

You're very good at it, too, purred Nala. Ooh, ooh, you got the message to lick at my clit! Yay!
I smiled at their passion, the pair of them squealing together. That was nice. My tongue flicked through their folds. I loved stroking over them and lapping at their wonderful folds. I stroked them with all that I had.

It was so much fun to feast on my little girl. My dick was so hard for her as I stroked my tongue up her virgin slit. I couldn't penetrate her. I just had to flick my tongue over her folds. I wanted to pop her cherry with my dick.

I stroked her clit with my tongue.

Father! she moaned, her big boobs jiggling.

My other two daughters moaned as they suckled on each other's clits. Their orgasms were building fast. I nudged Velyianira's as I licked at her snatch. I flicked my around her bud. She groaned, her back arching.

She thrust her little breasts up into the air as she quivered there. She was so ready to have a big climax. I wanted her to cum. That would be amazing. I was so eager for it. My tongue stroked up and down her slit, driving her wild.

Oh, oh, Father! she moaned. That's so good, Father!

I suckled on her clit, pushing her orgasm up to her sisters'. The three of them were about to burst. I loved it. I stroked my daughter's thighs as I nibbled on her bud. She gasped as I did that. Her orgasm exploded through her.

At the same moment, her half-sisters drowned each other in pussy cream.

Kurilia and Nala moaned their pleasure as they squirmed on the bed beside them. I loved the sounds they made as I licked and lapped at my daughter's pussy. I gathered up her sweet, virgin juices. I loved that flavor.

I adored drinking her passion as she trembled through her orgasm. She cried out in rapture. Her thighs squeezed about my head. She held me to her pussy as she trembled through her passion. It was a wild moment to drown in her juices.

Just a wonderful treat. I stroked my tongue through her folds. I licked at her with all that I had. I flicked my tongue over her bud as she moaned out in delight. Her thighs gripped the sides of my head as she cried out with delight.

Father! Father!

I loved eating her twat as she bucked. My other two daughters were both gasping and moaning as they enjoyed their orgasms. Their moans were so sweet to hear as I rose. I was ready to pop my daughter's cherry.

Kurilia lifted her head from her sister's pussy. Daddy, how can you pop all our cherries at the same time? Doesn't that mean that we ate each other's pussies for nothing?

So true, I said. I know. Nala, you kneel on your hands and knees, and Kurilia, you fuck your sister in the ass with our girl-dick. Your a hermaphrodite. You deserve to enjoy that delight.

Oh, Daddy that's such a good idea, Kurilia squealed as I rose.

She threw herself off her sister and hugged me. She kissed me with such passion, her lips tasting of spicy pussy. I loved the taste of my daughter's cunt mixing with the sweetness of my other's daughter's snatch. It was a hot delight to taste.

Kurilia broke it and said, I love you, Daddy!

I love you, too, I said. Now fuck your sister in the ass. Not her pussy. You don't want to take that special moment from her, do you?

Kurilia shook her head.

Good girl. I patted her on the rump. Okay, have fun.

She grinned at me and threw herself toward Nala who had rolled over onto her hands and knees. The horny little minx wiggled her rump, clearly ready to have her anal cherry taken by her hermaphrodite-sister. I grinned, knowing she would enjoy it.

Kurilia's clit blossomed into a big dick. It thrust from the hairless folds of her pussy right of her sister's rump. I smiled at the sight, so glad that she was going to have such wild fun. I knew I was going to enjoy myself.

I crawled over Velyianira. She trembled on her back, panting. Her big boobs quivered with her heavy breaths. I smiled down at her and stroked her cheek. She mewled in delight, so eager to be penetrated by me.

My dick nuzzled into my daughter's virgin pussy. This was such a magical moment.

Father, she moaned.

I leaned down and kissed her. As I claimed her lips, I thrust my cock against her virgin pussy.

Her folds parted and parted. She whimpered as her entire body trembled. I popped her cherry. She gasped into my lips as I entered her. It was such a wonderful moment to be in her. I loved it so much. I savored that beautiful moment. 

Her warm pussy engulfed me. She felt so good around me. I loved it so much. I sank to the hilt in her. She squeezed her cunt down on me. I loved it so much. It was heaven to be in Velyianira's twat. She hugged me tight to her.

Ooh, ooh, Kurilia! gasped Nala. Your hermaphrodite-dick is in me!

Wow, gasped my dragon-daughter. I can't believe what this feels like. Ooh, ooh, Daddy, having a cock is so much fun.

I broke the kiss and smiled at Kurilia, her round boobs jiggling. She sank to the hilt in her sister's asshole. Nala groaned, her tits swaying beneath her. She bit her lower lips as she clearly enjoyed what was happening to her.

Ooh, ooh, Daddy, gasped Kurilia as she drew back her dick.

Dad! Dad! I love this! gasped Nala. I can't wait for you to fuck me for real!

You'll get your turn, I groaned as I drew back my dick.

Velyianira squeezed her pussy down on me. She was so tight. So hot. I loved being in her. I groaned as I thrust back into her pussy. I filled her to the brim. It was just a wonderful delight to bury into her. I savored every second of it.

I pumped away at my daughter's cunt. I fucked her with force. I loved this so much. I plowed into her with all that I had. It was amazing fucking my little girl like this. I pumped away at her hot pussy as her hermaphrodite-sister fucked her other sister beside us. 

Kurilia's boobs bounced and heaved as she sodomized Nala. Kurilia's hermaphrodite-dick buried into her sister's asshole again and again. Nala moaned, her body rocking back and forth to her sister's hard thrusts. It was a beautiful sight.

Just like it was beautiful to be in my daughter.

I thrust away at my little girl. I pumped into her with force. I buried into her with all that I had. My nuts slapped into her taint. She gasped, gripping me. Her fingernails raked across my back. She had our mother's passion.

And our mother's amazing pussy.

Father! Velyianira moaned.

I grinned down at her. You like that?

Yes! she moaned, her cunt clamping down on me. Father!

She held me tight with that hot pussy. I loved it. I savored that amazing snatch around my dick. It was delicious. The pressure in my nuts rose. I hurtled toward that wonderful moment when I would cum in her snatch. I would flood her with all the jizz that I had.

It would be amazing. Wondrous.

I fucked her hard and fast. I thrust into her with everything that I had. I plowed into her with such force. She squeezed her cunt down around me. She held me tight with that delicious snatch. I groaned, my nuts tightening.

Ooh, ooh, that's so amazing! gasped Kurilia. Matar's big dick! Yes!
Fuck me with your hermaphrodite-dick, sweet sister! Nala moaned. Oh, Dad, she's hammering me.

I am, Daddy!

Make her cum, I groaned as I slammed into Velyianira's pussy. I thrust to the hilt in her with all that I had. I was so close to bursting in her, and she was near to cumming on me. Oh, my sweet Velyianira. My firstborn!

Father! she moaned and kissed me again as I buried my cock into her.

Her pussy went wild around my cock. She squealed as her orgasm swept through her. Her pussy suckled at my dick. It was an amazing experience to have her pussy writhing around my cock. I plowed into her and erupted.

I filled my little girl's pussy with her first load of cum. I spurted over and over into her, breeding her. I put a granddaughter in my daughter's womb. Her pussy rippled around me as I spurted over and over into her snatch.

Kurilia! squealed Nala.

You're cumming! gasped Kurilia. Oh, oh, you're cumming. That's what it feels like when a girl cums! Daddy, Daddy, I made her cum. Matar's big dick, yes!

I felt Kurilia spurting her hermaphrodite-cum Nala's asshole as I dumped my jizz into her sister's pussy. Velyianira milked me. Her wonderful pussy rippled around me. She felt so good. I savored the way she suckled at me. It was such a perfect treat.

Just an amazing moment.

I groaned into her mouth as I spurted more and more of my cum into her pussy. Her fertile twat milked me. I erupted my last blast of cum into her. I felt so good, just dizzy with the delight of this moment.

I loved breeding my daughters. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Azuliana

I was waiting with my daughter and step-daughter as the Deflowering was under full swing.

Velyianira burst out first. Lasla smirked. Told you he would deflower her first.

My daughter grinned at me, her big boobs jiggling. She was so cute with her father's cummy son's jizzleaking out of her pussy. She rushed right up to me and snapped her fingers like she was Lasla. My little girl was giving me orders.

Now, Mother-slut! she said, trying to look so grown up, but her voice quivered.

Yes, Mistress Velyianira, I cooed, submitting to another one of my daughters. Mmm, the one born of incest.

I gripped her hips and nuzzled my face into her pussy, The sweet aroma of her snatch and the salty aroma of my son's cum filled my nose. I breathed in that heady mix, loving it so much. I licked at my little girl's pussy.

I stroked my tongue through her folds. She shivered as I did that. She gasped, her eyes widening so much as I licked at her with hunger. I stroked through her deflowered petals and gathered up her father's cum. A wicked delight shot through me. It was so much fun to feast on my little girl like this.

I thrust my tongue into her mouth. I swirled around in her, stroking her pussy walls. She gasped as I did that. Her face twisted in delight. She shuddered, grinding her snatch on my face. I loved how she did that. I buried my tongue into her pussy.

No hymen stopped me.

Mother! she gasped, her voice so sweet.

I loved licking her. I tongued her with hunger, licking through her folds. She gasped as I did that. It was so wonderful to scoop that cum out of her depths. She gripped the back of my head, holding me to her pussy as she squirmed there.

I wiggled around in her pussy. There was so much sweetness to find in her snatch. So much wonderful delight to scoop out of her. I loved every second of this. I wanted to drown in her pussy cream. I was so lucky here.

Just so thrilled to eat her out.

Mommy, she moaned, her pussy rubbing on my face. She held me to her snatch as I licked at her. Ooh, ooh, that's so good.
It was so good. Just a delicious treat t
o feast on her. I flicked my tongue around in her, making her squirm on me. I found more of her daddy's cum. It was so wonderful to lick my son's jizz out of her. I scooped it out, moaning in delight.

I plunged deep into her, my cute daughter squirming. Those big breasts of hers bounced and heaved. They were so much fun to watch. I stared at them as she rose toward her climax. I knew she would have a big cum.

Mother, she moaned as I wiggled around in her.

Mmm, no more cum, I cooed. I do so love your father's jizz.

Good, whimpered my daughter as I licked to her clit. I stroked my tongue over her bud. She gasped as I did that. Mother!

I suckled on her little clit. A beautiful thing happened. Her hermaphrodite-dick blossomed.
I groaned as her girl-cock grew into my mouth. Her bud pulsed and sprouted, that delicious clit-dick growing into my mouth. I gripped my daughter's hips as she shuddered, enjoying her naughty hermaphrodite-rod for the first time.

Mother! she moaned. Oh, wow, that's so good. Matar's big cock, I have a cock!

I winked at her as she grew thicker and longer in my mouth. I pulled back until she stopped growing. I bobbed my head. I knew she wouldn't last long. She would be spurting all that cum into my mouth. Just flooding me with every drop.

She shuddered, her boobs jiggling. They were such wonderful tits to watch. I was so happy to witness them jiggling back and forth. She shuddered, her head tossing. Her face contorted with such wonderful passion.

I knew she would be cumming hard soon.

Mother! she groaned.

My tongue danced around the crown of her hermaphrodite-dick.

Oh, Mother, that's so good! She arched her back as I suckled on her girl-cock. I bobbed my head, working my lips up and down her hermaphrodite-dick. She shuddered, her face twisting in delight. She gripped the sides of my head. Mother!

She erupted into my mouth.

All my little girl's hermaphrodite-cum spurted into my mouth. I groaned in delight as the jizz splashed against the back of my throat. It was such a wonderful moment. I loved it. I gulped down all that delicious girl-seed. It was so much fun.

I swallowed blast after blast of my little girl's hermaphrodite-jizz. It was so wonderful to have made her with my son. I shuddered, my pussy on fire. I knew my little girl would be fucking me with her big clit-cock. She would be pounding me all the time.

I couldn't wait for it.

Oh, Mother, she moaned as she spurted the last of her girl-cum.

I held it in my mouth and rose. I kissed my daughter on the mouth and shared that wonderful jizz with her. I thrust it past her lips. Our tongues danced together. It was just so delicious to revel in this. I felt so happy. I was so glad my daughter had been deflowered.

She was such an amazing dragon. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Ooh, ooh, she's swallowing my dirty dick, Daddy! Kurilia squealed in delight as Nala did just that.

I smiled as I moved in behind Nala, ready to deflower my next daughter. hermaphrodite-cum dripped out of her asshole and ran down her taint to her shaved pussy lips. The milky delight reached there just as I pressed my cock into her folds.

I can see that, I said. Nala, suck her clean.

Nala moaned. I felt her lust. She was enjoying this.

I smiled and pressed my dick against her pussy lips. They parted, reveling her hymen. I gripped Lasla's daughter with my hips and thrust against her maidenhead. Nala squealed around Kurilia's hermaphrodite-cock, sucking hard to polish her sister's girl-pole clean.

I smiled at that delight as Nala's hymen stretched. My daughter groaned louder around her sister's hermaphrodite-dick. I thrust hard and tore through Nala's maidenhead. I sank into my daughter's deflowered snatch.

Damn, I groaned, enjoying another one of my daughter's virgin cunts. I was the first cock to be in her pussy. Gods damn, that's good.

Nala happily suckled on her sister's dirty hermaphrodite-dick as I sank to the hilt in that snug pussy. It was a delight to be in her incestuous snatch. I drew back my cock, her pussy clenching down on me. She held me tight with that wondrous pussy of hers. I groaned and buried back into her. It was so wondrous.

I plowed to the hilt in her cunt. My nuts slapped into her taint. It was a glorious moment to be in her. I reveled in it. I held her hips tight and pumped away at her. I fucked her with all that I had, eager to breed another one of my daughters.

Ooh, ooh, Daddy's she's polishing my hermaphrodite-pole! whimpered Kurilia, her round tits jiggling.

Yes, she is, I said. How do you like it?

I love it! She grinned from ear to ear. Oh, Daddy, I love being a hermaphrodite! I love being your daughter! I'm going to have so much fun fucking my sisters and Mommy and all my aunties and cousins and everyone!

Yes, you will, I said, loving how wild things would get with Kurilia and her twin sister racing about. 

Those two would be sticking their hermaphrodite-dicks in every woman they could.

They took after their old man.

I smiled and pumped away at Nala's cunt. I fucked her pussy, enjoying every second on her snatch. I rammed into her again and again. I buried in her with all that I had. I fucked her. Pounded her. It was so delicious to be in her. 

Nala, I moaned, thrusting away at my daughter's hot pussy. If let her orgasm building and building. I couldn't wait to dump my cum into her.

It's amazing! gasped Kurilia. Oh, my, yes, yes, just like that!

Nala suckled louder. Her pussy clamped down on me. She wiggled her hips from side to side. Lasla's daughter was a horny minx, too. She would be joining her mother and three sisters in romping through the stables. Lasla had quite the collection of male monsters to indulge in.

Quite a few.

And she was eager for my son with Kyaza to come of age. Colt was a full centaur male. He had two sisters that Kyaza bore me to start his own centaur herd here in another three or so years. I smiled at that thought as I fucked deep and hard into Nala's pussy.

Her cunt squeezed down on me. I loved it. She wiggled her hips from side to side, her cunt stirring around me. I groaned, my nuts about to burst in her cunt. I loved burying into my daughter's pussy. She moaned around her sister's hermaphrodite-dick.

I'm getting close, Kurilia moaned. Ooh, ooh, real close.

Yep, I growled, Nala suckling so hard. She was almost there, too. I slammed into my daughter's pussy, my nuts slapping into her taint. I felt it happen.

Nala squealed around her sister's hermaphrodite-dick as she climaxed.

Gods damn, I groaned as my daughter's pussy convulsed around my dick. It was so much fun to feel that hot twat writhing around my dick. Gods damn, yes!

Daddy! gasped Kurilia. My dragon-daughter threw back her head and squealed. Her hermaphrodite-cum flooded Nala's mouth.

I shuddered, burying to the hilt in her pussy. I erupted.

Las's big dick! I growled as I spurted my cum into Nala's snatch. 

I flooded my daughter with Lasla with all that I had. My seed shot into her fertile womb as I bred my second daughter. I would knock them all up. The pleasure slammed through my mind. I groaned, savoring that delight crashing through my thoughts. Her deflowered cunt rippled around me as she gulped down her sister's hermaphrodite-jizz.

Kurilia shuddered before me, her round boobs bouncing. She tossed her head from side to side, a big smile growing on her lips. I groaned, pumping every last spurt of cum that I had into her pussy. I filled her up to the brim with cum.

Oh, oh, that's so good! Kurilia moaned. Matar's big dick, swallow all my girl-spunk!

Nala squealed her delight.

I groaned, enjoying this wonderful heat sweeping through me. Nala's pussy milked me dry. I groaned, savoring the heat. My heart pounded in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. It was a wonderful moment to feel all that pleasure rushing through me. 

I smiled from ear to ear. It was an amazing moment. I was so glad that I had my daughters. My life was amazing, and I knew it would just get better as more of my daughters came of age. Antagony's daughter, Agrappi would be of age in a while. My amazon promised our daughter would be my safe, too.

She was being raised for it. 

I couldn't wait for that delight.

To be continued...
