The mystery is solved.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 37 - The Mystery of Snuggle Bottom, Part 2 (MF, magic, Mdom, oral, reluc, viol)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Kate and Monday were eating ice cream with Molly the receptionist when I barreled headlong into the kitchen. "RUN!" I yelled. Monday was immediately on his feet.

"Why?" Molly asked, dipping her spoon into the box for another scoop.

The door burst open behind me, revealing the huge, slavering hound in all its glory. "Dinkies!" Kate yelled, and all of us, Molly as well, ran for the other kitchen door. I grabbed a heavy-looking wrench that was sitting on the counter and threw it at the hound, but it just bounced off harmlessly.

Now back in the lobby, Molly dived behind the front desk and the rest of us raced up the main staircase as we heard the hound tearing through the kitchen, pots and pans crashing everywhere. I figured I must have pissed it off with the wrench.

"What is going on out here?!" Mr. Winthrop had left his office and strode into the main entryway. He looked up at us on the stairs, angrily. Behind him, the man-sized hound stepped out of the kitchen and padded up behind him.

We were frozen in place. Monday pointed at the huge canine. "Hou--hou---"

"How am I doing?" Mr. Winthrop responded. "Terrible! What is all this racket--?"

Then his head was gone, ripped from his neck and consumed by the gnashing bite of the monstrous dog. We all screamed as one and ran again as Mr. Winthrop's lifeless body crumpled to the beautiful hardwood floor, his lifeblood staining it to match the textured wallpaper.

We heard the beast chasing us up the stairs. Reaching the second floor again, Kate and I dashed to the right while Monday went to the left. We had no time to correct our accidental split-up, so we continued around the corner.

---

Monday heard the monstrous hound just behind him. He threw himself through a side door and fell to the floor, breathing heavily.

"Grrr..."

He looked up. The hound was right there, turning around toward him! Monday somehow ended up back in the hallway, behind the dog! But he had run through one of the doors! How could this be? he asked himself, confused and desperate. He threw himself through another side door. Now he was on the other side of the hound, again, but still in the hallway! It turned to regard him. Monday ran around the corner.

---

"Hey, ugly!" I yelled from the other side of the stairwell, and the hound turned toward me. I had distracted him from Monday, but now I was the quarry once more. I ran back around the corner.

As the hound rounded the corner after me, a now half-naked Kate threw her voluminous sweater at its face. She scored a lucky hit, and the beast thrashed about, its vision obscured. We both jumped on it, securing the sweater on its head, but it was too strong! It bucked, and Kate was knocked through one door while I crashed through another.

"Tom?" Demie was standing in what appeared to be a small library, looking angry. "Where did you go?"

I slammed the door shut behind me, doubting that the wooden barrier would hold against that beast, but then I heard it tromping away. I slid to the floor, exhausted. "Holy shit," I muttered.

Demie crossed her arms, accentuating her magnificent boobs in that short, tight purple dress. "What the fuck is going on here, Tom?"

"I have absolutely no idea! First there was a ghost, and...I took care of that, but then this monster hound showed up. Oh shit, I wonder if it killed Doobie Roo? Monday's gonna be beside himself. Oh, and Mr. Winthrop's dead."

Demie pulled me to my feet. "Well, let's see how monstrous this hound is. Probably nothing compared to a real hellhound."

I noticed a length of metal pipe on the floor nearby, and grabbed it. Though it was heavy, I didn't think it would be much more effective against that creature than the wrench, but it was better than nothing.

Demie opened the door and stepped into the hallway. "Hmp...gone."

---

Kate sailed through the door, the impact flinging it open wide and then ricocheting it shut behind her. She fell to the floor, but found that instead of the soft light and cushy carpeting of the other rooms in the B&B, this one was large, bright, and the floor was hard, with arcane symbols carved into it. "Oww..." She recognized this floor; the testing hall in her old school!

"Well, you've finally deigned to join us, Kate?"

She looked up at the familiar voice. "Ms. Tisdale?" The severe-looking witch looked down at her disapprovingly, flanked by several male janitors from the school. Then Kate realized that she was naked from the waist up, having lost her sweater trying to restrain the hound, and she never wore bras. She crossed her arms across her bare chest, mortified.

"Tch tch tch," Ms. Tisdale admonished her. "Unprepared for your exam, half naked...I think it would be best if we just had these men fuck the magic out of you so that you can go and settle down with some human..." She snapped her fingers and two of the janitors, their faces blurry, came forward with a length of rope to grab Kate's arms, pull them away from her breasts, and pin her to the floor. A third man, likewise faceless, came forward and unfastened the fly of his trousers. His hard cock snaked out, pointing at her vulnerable pussy as one of the men holding her started to tie her wrists while the other pulled her skirt up.

"No...noo..." she whined.

---

"Mon-day!" the raspy voice echoed in the cold, dark room Monday found himself in.

"Zee?!" he yelled back. He had gone through another door, but now he seemed to be in a large cellar. But hadn't he been on the second floor? The area stank terribly, but he recognized that stink...it was his harpy girlfriend, Hepzibah, or Zee, as he had been affectionately calling her. Where was she? he wondered. "Zee?"

"Huhh...huhh...Mon-day!" Her voice was calling to him from further down the cellar, and he headed toward it. There was a lit candlestick on a shelf, so he grabbed it and swung it forward to see...

Zee was on all fours, in her harpy form, being fucked hard from behind by a male harpy, an incredibly ugly thing that smiled its razor-sharp teeth at him. "Boinks!" Monday cried out. "I mean, fuck! Zee!"

"Mon-day!" she moaned. "Run...away...chicks will...eat you..."

He saw movement on the floor around the rutting couple, and swung the candle to get a better look. A number of small harpy children were toddling toward him, their sharp teeth glinting in the candlelight. One seemed older than the others...

"Da-da!" The little girl harpy with some of his features called out as she got close. "Eat Da-da!"

Monday screamed and ran.

---

The man was on top of Kate now, his hard cock thrusting between her legs, somehow missing her vulnerable pussy, but getting closer. Kate screamed.

The door burst open and Monday rushed in. "What the fuck? Kate!" He flipped around the candlestick he had been carrying, its candle falling to the floor, and clocked her would-be rapist in the face with it, knocking the faceless man backward.

One of the men holding Kate let go to grapple with Monday, and she took the opportunity to spear her fingers at where the remaining man's eyes would be if his face wasn't a blur. He yelled out in pain and let go of her, and she rushed to help Monday. The rope they had been restraining her with hadn't been fully tied, so she looped it around the man's neck, pulling him back and giving Monday an opening to smash the butt of the candlestick into his face.

"Demerits!" Ms. Tisdale admonished them. "For that you get turned into newts!" The woman's hands started to glow as she began uttering words of eldritch power.

"RUN!" Kate yelled, and she and Monday dashed back through the door.

---

Kate and Monday rushed back into the hallway, breathless, and slammed the door behind them, Kate holding some rope and Monday a candlestick. Well, at least we were armed now, I thought. Demie was her own weapon, of course.

We went into the library and quickly shared what had happened to each other. There was something very weird going on with this place...definitely magic, I figured. Someone was playing games...

And then I realized what had been bothering me. "Demie, I know who's doing this to us."

---

"Doobie Roo, where are you?"

The monstrous hound perked its ears up and headed toward Monday's voice. It came to a door, slightly ajar, and pushed it open. It found itself in a small library, its walls lined with tall bookshelves. It heard a noise from further back in the room and moved forward, ready for the kill.

"Now!"

Then the two bookshelves to the hound's side were falling down toward it, and it gave a whine before they slammed down, pinning it to the floor.

Before the hound could try to extricate itself, a chandelier detached itself from the ceiling and transformed into Demie as she dropped next to the bookshelves. Fashioning her arm into a scythe, she slashed the huge dog's head from its shoulders. She grabbed it by its neck fur and held it up. Dead hound eyes looked back at her.

"It's over, Eros," she told him.

The eyes came to life and fixed her with a steely gaze. Then the head transformed, becoming more human-like, though red-skinned, with horns poking up through long brown hair. "Aw, you figured it out."

I stepped out from where I had pushed over one of the bookshelves, shirtless. "You gave us enough of a Clue, yeah. Rope, candlestick, lead pipe, and wrench in the kitchen, library, hall, and cellar. You just love games, don't you?"

"Tom! Hey, bro! Oh, man, do I! No hard feelings, right?" Eros' severed head smirked at me.

Now that the spell had been broken, I unfastened my ascot tie and threw it onto the floor. Kate stepped out of the shadows, wearing my shirt, since she had sacrificed her sweater to try to stop "the hound" earlier. "No hard feelings?" I asked incredulously. "Did you actually kill Mr. Winthrop?"

Demie's brother licked his lips. "Yep! No chance that he was behind it all now, trying to liven up his failing business with a fake ghost story, huh?"

"Fake?" I remembered the cold woman in the bedroom, who had disappeared after we had sex. "She wasn't real?"

Eros looked at me, confused. "She who?"

"Beatrice." He looked blankly at me, and I looked closer at his face. "Why the hell do you look like Fabio?"

Eros-Fabio (Erobio?) gave me a grimace. "Side effect of the summoning. 'I can't believe it's not butter!'" he quoted.

I shook my head.

Monday stepped forward. "So that wasn't Zee I saw?"

Eros shape-shifted enough to swivel his head toward him. "Nope! Just some hypnotic visions I gave you and Kate."

"And you were 'Doobie Roo', right?" asked Kate.

"Yep! Doobie Doobie Roo!" Eros howled. "So, sis, can you reunite me with my body now?" He glanced down at the carcass of the large headless hound underneath the heavy bookshelves.

"Definitely not," Demie replied, extending her jaw and swallowing her brother's head whole. We could hear Eros' muffled yelling as he made his way down her distended throat, but couldn't make out any words.

I thought for a moment. "Demie, didn't you say that you could tell other demons by their scent? Why couldn't you tell that Doobie Roo was Eros?"

"He must have changed his scent," she informed me once her airway was clear. "If there's anything my brother is good at, it's breaking the rules. Been that way since he was a child."

Kate gasped. "AMY! Tom, we have to get home right away!"

---

Kate was inconsolable. The Chevelle was its normal black color again, not the blue-green we thought it had been on the way in, and I redlined the engine most of the way home.

We rushed into the apartment to find...me and Demie sitting there, holding baby Amy.

"Zee?" Monday stepped forward, but paused.

"There you are!" Otie replied as he rose from the couch. "I got home from visiting Tillie and found the baby alone and crying. We've been trying to console her, but she really needs her mom." He handed the baby to Kate, who held the little girl close to her bosom and headed to her room. Tillie, still looking like Demie to me, said hey and headed back to her own apartment.

"Guck! Gluck! GUCK!" Demie barfed up Eros' head onto the coffee table, where it bounced and then ended up on its side.

With a little shapeshifting, the severed head righted itself and looked at us. "Two Toms? Okay, even for me, that's weird."

"Changeling," Otie offered, holding up his hand. "New brain, who dis?"

"My brother, Eros," Demie told him, and then turned back to the head. "How did you get back to Earth?"

He smiled. "The usual way, sis, same as Mom. I was next in line."

"That fucking book," I growled. "So where's your master, or mistress, I guess? And the book?"

He smiled at me. "Book's safe and hidden. My little bespectacled cutie is waiting for me back at her home."

---

One week ago...

Patty rushed into her house and slammed the door behind her. 911, she realized, I have to call 911...

"Pattyy..."

She gasped. That had come from her bedroom!

"C'mere, you bad girl...you summoned me, and now you get your reward." Then Fabio stepped out into her living room, clad only in a leather vest and tight jeans.

Patty gaped. The gorgeous man had been the model for many of her romance novel covers. "Fabio?"

"Call me Eros, sweets." And he struck a pose with that magnificent physique.

She bristled. "Don't call me sweets." Carl had called her that.

He strode forward, towering over her frail form, and reached forward to caress her cheek. "But you are sweet, Patty...sweet as candy. Too sweet, honestly...I knew you wouldn't be able to finish Carl, so I had to take matters into my own hands. Strictly speaking, I'm not supposed to interfere with The Deal, but I spent a lot of time during my last visit to Earth learning how to manipulate the rules of the game." He gave her a wink.

"You...you're a demon?" She wasn't shying away from his hand, so warm on her cheek.

"Your demon, Patty; all yours."

She was looking up at him with saucer-like eyes. "What can you do for me? T--t--"

"To you?"

She shuddered and nodded.

"Let me show you, sexy lady." And with that he picked the mousy brunette up effortlessly, heroically, and took her to her bed.

As they entered her bedroom, she saw the flames of Carl's house flickering on the other side of her blinds. "Oh no..." she moaned.

"Shush..." he admonished her as he lay her gently upon her bed. "Carl was a bad, bad man, and he's in Hell now...I passed him on the way up. You should have seen the look on his face!"

"Heh..." Patty giggled, visualizing that. Then Eros pulled her robe open and brought his mouth to her pussy.

She gasped and closed her eyes as his tongue slipped between her vaginal lips. She felt as if she was floating as he brought her to her first orgasm. Then, his clothes suddenly gone, he moved up and slipped his hard cock into her wet pussy. She thought that there would be some discomfort after years of involuntary celibacy, but Eros' member was small enough not to hurt, but also big enough to make her feel full...it was amazing!

She opened her eyes and looked at Fabio's face as the demon fucked her. She was dimly aware of the sirens approaching as he brought her to another orgasm. She tried to bring him down for a kiss but he took her hands from his face.

"No smooching, Patty. I'm an incubus, and the touch of my lips to yours would kill you. That's your only warning." Then he used his tremendous strength to spin her to her hands and knees while his cock remained inside her.

His thrusts brought her to her third orgasm as the firefighters arrived. Then as they got their hoses ready, Eros sped up, growling as he ramped up to his own release.

Patty's mind had been dulled from those orgasms, but then she realized that Eros was going to cum inside her! "Wai--UHMF!" Eros pressed her face into her pillow and thrust into her hard. "Nnn--!"

Her mind flew to a romance novel she had read, with virtuous Princess Carmalina being forcefully taken by the Pirate King Abaddon. He had done just as Eros had, pushing the woman down and taking from her what was now his: her virginity, her honor, her womb...

Well, she wasn't a virgin, and certainly not honorable, but she was right in between periods! She couldn't fight Eros as he held her down, and as she heard the water from the firefighters' hoses splash upon the conflagration next door, Eros roared and thrust all the way inside her, hosing her fertile insides with his cum. Despite the danger, her body knew what it wanted at that time of the month, and her fourth orgasm, the strongest of all, exploded from deep within her. "Uahhh!" she screamed into her pillow as Eros' very hot cum filled her unprotected insides.

When he was done, he pulled out and lay next to her.

"I could get pregnant..." she moaned as she flopped onto her side.

"Don't worry, Patty...as a demon, I can't knock you up; I'm not human." And then his skin turned red as horns grew from his forehead. Patty gasped. "Now, I'm sure the authorities will be wanting to speak with you soon about the fire. Just tell them you were here, sleeping, and everything should be fine. In the meantime, can I ask a favor?"

She put her hand on his firm, red chest and nibbled on her lower lip. "Favor?"

"I need a week or two to take care of some unfinished business. Then we'll get right back to more of this, hmm?"

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)