Author: Dirty Old Man 61
Title:  My first time with Stepdaughter
Summary:  Watching porn leads to something better

Mf, inc, reluc



This is a work of pure fiction.  I have to state that nonconsensual sex is not cool, so please treat your partners and your acquaintenaces with respect.


My first time with my step-daughter


It was a hot August afternoon and I was horny as hell.  My wife had taken my stepson with her to the store (that's what she says anyway, I'll be damned if I believe it takes four hours to pick up a few things at King Soopers.)

Anyway, we just had Satellite TV installed a few days before so I decided to check out some of the porn I had seen in the listings.  My wife would NOT approve so I decided to take this opportunity to play with Mr. Feelgood.  My stepdaughter was downstairs but figured it was safe, since she usually sat down there watching her teeny bopper shows most of the day.

After looking through the TV listings I happened upon 'Oralholics' a pretty crappy piece of video really (what ever happened to porn with a plot?)  Anyway, like I said, I was fucking horny as hell, so I ordered the show and slipped my hand into my pants, seeking out my own flesh.  Hell, I was leaking pre-cum just thinking about getting off.  I really don't remember much about  the movie other than this chick was blowing a guy, then a couple guys, then multiple guys.  

I had unzipped and had my cock out working my precum around the glans, adding a little spit to spread it to the rest of the shaft and pumping my seven inches pretty hard when I heard the door open downstairs, 'Shit!'.  I quickly changed the channel and stuffed my VERY stiff cock back in my pants as best I could, I had to stuff it in sideways to get it covered.  About this time my stepdaughter was hitting the top of the stairs which empty directly into the room I was watching the show.  I tried to look bored and asked her, in a trembling voice, 'What are you doing up here?'

'Just looking for something,' she said.

I should probably describe my stepdaughter.  She's of hispanic descent and has beautiful black hair, delicious brown skin and large brown eyes.  Recently her breasts had begun to develop and she hadn't yet picked up the habit of wearing a bra regularly.  The white T-shirt didn't do much to conceal her buds and her jeans were the too tight version so popular today.  How I wished her mother would lose some weight, she once had just as fine an ass.

She rummaged around in the closet for a second but I noticed her glancing at the TV more than once.  Could she have heard it?  The volume was down very low.  I should probably mute it when I turn it back on, I thought to myself.

After just a couple minutes she went back down stairs, apparently not finding what she was looking for.  I gave it a couple minutes then turned on the TV, muted it and then switched it back to the movie.  The slut had about five guys standing around her and she was sucking them all off.

It didn't take long for my cock to spring back to full attention.  I had just pulled it back out when I hear the door open downstairs and my stepdaughter comes racing up the stairs.  'What the hell?!' I thought.  I quickly changed the channel and  noticed that there was  a little lag from the time I entered the command on the remote and the channel actually changing.  I didn't have to time to make my cock disappear so I grabbed a couch pillow and covered myself up, trying to look non-chalant.

'Forget something?', I asked.

She was looking at the unpowered TV, looking a little flushed and said, 'No, I just need a drink..'  Funny how even in this compromized position, all I could think of was how good that pillow felt on my cock.

She went to the kitchen and grabbed a soda from the fridge and went back downstairs, once again glancing at the TV.
I decided my cock should probably stay in my pants until the movie was over then I would slip into the bed room and take my time stroking my self off.  Well, I hadn't turned on the movie for more than a few seconds when 'Wham!' the basement door opened and my daughter came bolting up the stairs.  I fumbled with the remote.  'Damnit, channel.. change!, nothing.  I hit again and as my stepdaughter hit the top of the stairs it flipped to some cooking show.  She glanced at the TV and headed to my wife and mines bedroom.  She had just turned away from the TV when I noticed it had changed back to the movie, apparently from my frantic multiple attempts to get the channel to change.  Hell!  She was starting back this way.  I had to stop her from coming back in here!  I intercepted her at the door to our bedroom and placed my hand on her chest to stop her advance while pretty blatantly using the remote to conceal my stroke material.

I'm not sure what came over me then.  My step daughter didn't flinch when I put my hand on her chest and it felt so warm.  My hand just a couple inches from her budding breast, I could actually see her puffy nipple through the material.  I'm not sure what I was thinking but my hand drifted down and over her tit and I gave it a little squeeze, in some kind of sexual daze.  I gently pushed her back into the room, to the bed and pushed her down on it.  I would have expected her to look at me with fear at this point, but her face was flushed and she looked at me with, what I perceived to be anticipation. 

'I, I'm sorry hon.. 

I bent over her, my cock straining for release and kissed her neck and throat while I continued to fondle her breast.  My hand slipped under her shirt and, lost in my desire, I pulled her shirt up, exposing her puffy tits.  My mouth was full of her tit before she could say anything but I hadn't been sucking on her long before I was hearing 'Mmm'.  I stopped and looked her in the eye and I saw no fear, no guilt.  So I moved her further onto the bed and went for the catch on her jeans.  She put her hands on mine as I opened them but offered no resistance.  I could smell her heat immediately.  I pulled her jeans and panties completely off and buried my face into her hairless pussy.. my god she was wet... and so much sweeter than her mother.  She yelped when my tongue hit her clit and her hands came to the back of my head.  My tongue exploring every fold of her cunt, I made busy removing my pants and freeing my aching cock.  I always have produced a lot of precum but man I was really wet.  

There were a lot of things I should have thought of; her age, my relation to her, how this would impact our future relationship with her and her mother; but all I could think about was getting my cock inside her.  

After thoroughly tasting every inch of her womanhood, I moved myself back up to her breasts with my mouth, while my hands continued to probe her cunt.  From there my lips found her throat and her neck, I was sucking hard on her throat as I lined  up my veinous cock and slipped into paradise.  'My god!, so warm and SO tight!

I would like to say that we made love for hours but, in truth, pumping my cock into her forbidden pussy brought me to climax far to quickly, within a few minutes my balls were burning for release and I buried myself in her as deeply as I could as I began to shoot rope after rope of hot cum into her little pussy.  I think she came too, but honestly that's not where my focus was.

It didn't take long for me to realize what I had done; Awkward doesn't describe it.

'I.. I'm sorry, you know I really do care about you I hope...

'Don't be sorry', she said.  'It felt really, really good.'

'Please don't tell anyone about his OK?'

'OK.. but I want something out of it' 

Here we go I thought, I'm going to be blackmailed for anything and everything.  'What do you want?'

She smiled and slowly spread her legs for me to see her swollen pussy, my cum dripping out of her.  

'Do that thing with your mouth again'.

I felt my cock stir as I dove into our combined juices and I felt her legs settle around my neck.


