The Tease
byopels©

Clara stood in her room and stared out into the backyard. Her step-brother and his friends were hanging out by the pool, doing cannonballs into the water and just generally goofing around. Her breathing quickened as she watched the five of them, their lean, muscular bodies, shining with water as they jumped off the diving board.

At nineteen, she was only a couple of years younger than her step-brother, but they had never become friends during the few years their parents had been married.

However, she had noticed the way he sometimes looked at her. When she was by the pool on quiet afternoons she had caught him staring at her in her tiny bikini, or in the morning when she was preparing her breakfast wearing only a thin silk robe. She liked the heat she saw in his eyes and always tried to do something to turn him on even more, like giving him a glimpse of her breasts bending over for something or reaching up into the cupboards of the kitchen, causing her robe to ride up, showing the bottom curve of her ass.

Out by the pool she always wore white bikinis, the tinier the better to tease him. She would dive in the water, turning the fabric almost transparent and then lay in one of the deck lounges, her body glistening wet, nipples stiff and erect. More than once she had noticed the bulge in his shorts before he either dove in the water himself or just abruptly left.

Normally her Mother wouldn't tolerate the guys behaving like that, especially making so much noise. However, her Mother and step-Father were away for the month, leaving the house to the two of them.

Turning her attention back to Tyler and his friends, she suddenly felt like a little fun and turned to her drawer of swimsuits. She pulled out the tiniest one and tugging off her shorts and top she slipped the suit on. The small triangles of fabric barely contained her full, firm breasts and the bottom was almost a thong. As she fitted it over her shaved pussy she couldn't help but smile, imagining how Tyler and his friends were going to react to her appearance.

She released her long auburn hair, letting it tumble down her back, her green eyes sparkling with excitement as she grabbed her sunglasses and a trashy summer book and headed out to the backyard.

Deciding to not be too obvious, she headed for the deck that extended from the house, not right by the pool. She made a fuss of settling herself, especially spreading on tanning oil, taking peeks at the guys, making sure they got a good look at her from every angle.

It didn't take long before they noticed her. "Hey Clara, why don't you come up here?" one of them called to her.

"Yeah, we've got some beers and we're having a good time," another called.

Looking up as if noticing them for the first time, she smiled and declined their invitation. "Thanks but I'm fine here. I don't want to intrude on your fun," she replied, pulling her long hair up into a messy bun.

Hidden by her sunglasses, her eyes went to her step-brother Tyler. His gaze was roaming over her body, the heat she had seen before burning in his eyes.

"Man, how do you stand it, having her around all the time?" she overheard one of his friends asking him. She couldn't make out his mumbled reply as she leaned back in the deck chair, closing her eyes.

As she had suspected, after a few moments, she was no longer alone. She shrieked as water droplets fell over her body. Looking up she saw Rick, one of her brother's friend standing above her, shaking water from his dark hair onto her. His dark blue eyes twinkled mischievously as he encouraged her to join them. "Come on, come swim with us," he urged.

"Well..." she hesitated, teasing him. She again shrieked as he suddenly bent down and scooped her up in his arms.

"I won't take no for an answer," he laughed, carrying her to the pool.

"Put me down," she laughed, playfully wriggling in his strong arms.

"Hey, stop that. You don't want me to drop you, do you?" he replied, still laughing. He approached the edge of the pool and instead of just putting her down, he jiggled her in his arms. "Oh, I think I'm losing my grip," he teased, before dropping her in the water.

She came up laughing, smoothing her hair back. Suddenly she felt something pushing her legs apart just before she rose in the air on Steve's shoulders. She laughed with delight as he held her aloft, his strong hands gripping her high on her thighs. He dumped her over sideways back into the water, falling over himself with her.

The five of them continued playing this way, with Clara being the center of attention. She knew that the occasional brushes against her breasts, thighs and ass were no accident but she didn't mind. She was delighting in the attention until she caught the grim look on her step-brother's face.

"Tyler, what's the matter? Why do you look so grim?" she asked from the pool, standing in the shallow end, smoothing her hair back. She knew the dark pink of her nipples showed through the wet fabric and the cool water made them hard and erect. Out of the corner of her eye she could see the other guys leering at her.

Her brother just remained in his chair glaring at her, not responding. She ascended the steps of the pool and walked over to him. "What's wrong?"

"You, that's what's wrong," he hissed at her.

"Me? What have I done? It was your friends who literally brought me over here," she stated getting defensive.

"Oh, and you didn't know they would do that when you came prancing out here in your little bikini," he sneered. Slowly he rose from his chair, coming very close to her. "You're a tease, you know that? A cock tease," he told her. "You planned on coming out here, dancing around until each and every one of us had a rock hard boner for you and then you would skip back on into the house." His gaze swept over her glistening body. "Well, not today. Today you'll find out what a cock tease gets when she goes too far!" His hand shot out and gripped the top of her bathing suit, tearing it from her body.

She gasped at his sudden action, stumbling back from him. Rage bubbled in her chest as she returned his glare. However, it wasn't because he had bared her breasts. "That was brand new!" she shouted.

He responded by grabbing her around the waist, pulling her close to him. "Part of the price you have to pay, tease," he said matter-of-factly, as his hand rose to her breast.

"Maybe I'm not a tease, and I've just been waiting for you to finally make your move," she breathed as his hand squeezed her breast, pinching the nipple between his thick fingers.

"Tease or not, after today you're going to be a slut, because all of us are going to fuck you. Fuck you in every hole you have," he said, his voice taking on a dangerous edge.

Suddenly nervous that she had gone too far, she tried to manipulate the situation. "You don't really want to share me with your friends, do you? Wouldn't you rather keep me all for yourself?" she purred.

"Nice try, baby," he whispered. "But it's not going to work." Abruptly he picked her up over his shoulder and carried her over to a canopied area where his father kept his work out equipment. He dropped her onto some mats and yanked her up to her knees. Tugging down his shorts, his cock sprang free, rock hard, long and thick. He grabbed her hair and pushed his cock against her lips.

"Suck," he ordered.

Wetting her lips, she glanced up at him, before parting her lips and letting him slide his cock into her mouth. With a groan he began pumping his cock in and out of her mouth, each time going a little deeper until her nose was pressed against his stomach. "Oh yeah, that feels so damn good," he growled as she deep throated him.

Hands reached around her from behind and began squeezing her breasts, playing with her nipples, gently tweaking them.

"She doesn't deserve any gentle treatment. Squeeze her tits hard," her step-brother grunted. The guy behind her complied, pinching and twisting her nipples, causing her to moan deep in her throat. He pressed his hard cock against her ass before the hands pulled the bottoms of her suit down to her thighs.

She again groaned as she felt a hard cock pushing between her thighs. Her pussy was soaking wet and the cock slid through her folds easily. A finger slid into her pussy, fucking her quickly before a second was added. "Christ, she's wet," she heard Brad's voice behind her.

Tyler was pumping his cock quickly in and out of her mouth. "Swallow," he commanded with a deep groan as his cum shot into her mouth. He pushed his cock in deep, pouring his cream straight down her throat.

As he pulled out, she cried out loudly as Brad slid his cock into her pussy. "Ohhhhh, you feel good," he groaned, grinding against her, his cock deep inside her. He pushed on her back, forcing her to all fours and gripping her hips began roughly pumping into her.

"Yeah, that's it! Fuck her good!" she heard a voice cheering.

Suddenly Brad pulled out and flipped her onto her back. Gripping her thighs he pulled her ankles up to his shoulders and plunged into her again. "Oh yeah, oh yeah, you've got such a hot little cunt," he grunted, driving deeply into her.

Clara had her head flung back with her eyes closed when she felt a cock pressing against her lips. "Open up, baby," she heard Rick urging her. With a smile she parted her lips for him, sucking him deeply into her mouth. He groaned loudly as he slid his cock down her throat, staring with amazement as her nose pressed against his stomach.

With long, slow strokes he began to fuck her mouth, speeding up until he was pumping in and out fast and deep.

Brad's cock in her pussy was pushing her close to orgasm and she began bucking against him, pulling him in even deeper. She tipped over the edge, her pussy clamping down hard on his cock as she cried out loudly against Rick's cock.

"Oh God damn," Brad yelled, plunging in deep, his orgasm washing over him. He let out a loud growl and pumped a couple more times into Clara's quivering pussy before pulling out and flopping down onto another mat, panting heavily.

"All right, my turn!" Joe exclaimed, kneeling between her still spread thighs. He raised her ass onto his lap and with her legs wrapped around him, he drove into her, entering her pussy in one long stroke. "Oh yeah, hot and tight," he groaned before he began to ram into her, fucking her hard.

She began groaning against Rick's cock in her mouth, driving him crazy. "That's it, baby, suck me good," he grunted, plunging his cock into her sweet mouth. He let his head hang back as he was enveloped by the almost painfully hot feelings her mouth was creating in him. He had imagined her sucking him so many times and the reality was even better than his fantasies.

Clara lost track of who was fucking her and whose cock she was sucking. Most of them had done both to her as she tasted herself on their cocks more than once. Sinking down into the sensations that were overloading her senses she stopped trying to keep things straight and just enjoyed it. The cum shooting down her throat and deep into her pussy as her own orgasms tore through her again and again. At one point there wasn't a dick pushing to get in her mouth and only a guy behind her teasing her pussy with his cock.

Opening her eyes, she turned her cum spattered face to see her step-brother behind her, a wicked grin on his face. "You ready for me, slut?" he asked her, a sneer in his voice.

"Give it to me, baby," she challenged.

With a loud grunt, he plunged into her well fucked cunt. Clara cried out loudly as his large cock tore into her. Even though she was slick with cum and stretched wide from the other guys, her step-brother's big dick was making it's presence felt.

"How's that bitch? You like this big dick?" he taunted her, pulling back and plowing in deep again.

Gasping, she refused to relent. "Stop talking and just fuck me, you bastard," she growled at him.

Gripping her hips he began driving into her, plunging in hard and deep. His friends cheered him on. "Give it to her Tyler!" "Fuck that slut!"

Clara bit her lip to keep from crying out every time he drove into her. Christ, he was big! She wished he would cum and end his relentless pummeling.

She sighed happily when she felt the suntan oil being squirted against her ass. The slick liquid slid down over her cheeks and into her pussy, making Tyler's cock slippery and he slid smoothly in and out of her. He squirted more oil and it slid down the crack of her ass, tickling her as it made it's way to her pussy.

What she felt next caused her to cry out again, squirming to get away from him. A thick finger sliding into her asshole. "No, stop it! Not there!" she shouted.

"I told you before, we're going to fuck every one of your holes," Tyler hissed in her ear, plunging his finger in and out of her ass, using the oil as lubricant.

"No, Tyler, please. I've never done it there before," she pleaded. The statement wasn't really true as she had tried with previous boyfriends on several occasions, but it had always been painful and thoroughly unenjoyable.

"Then we're going to have to thoroughly break you in," he chuckled, sliding in a second finger. Turning to his friends with a wicked grin, he asked, "You guys ready for some nice, tight anal?"

"No, Tyler, no," she whimpered as he finger fucked her ass while his cock continued to punish her pussy.

He only laughed and slid in a third finger, causing her to cry out again. "That's it baby, wriggle for me! Wriggle and squirm," he taunted as she again tried to get away from him.

He suddenly, pushed his cock deep into her pussy and held it there. Leaning back, he quickly plunged his three fingers in and out of her ass hole. She wasn't quite as tight now, he noticed. She's opening up a bit, he thought.

Beneath him, Clara couldn't believe what was happening. The pain in her ass was beginning to fade, being replaced by the hottest, sexiest feelings she had ever felt. Liquid fire raced through her body, flaming out from her ass, the source of the most intense pleasure ever to course through her.

She lay gasping, her head resting on her crossed arms as her step-brother continued to finger fuck her ass, opening her up for his cock.

"What's the matter, slut?" he asked. "You're awfully quiet. Don't tell me you've given up. No fight left in you?" he sneered.

"No, it feels so damn good," she groaned, lifting her head, flinging her long auburn hair back.

"You like my fingers in your ass?" he asked, surprised by her change in attitude.

"Oh yes, I love it," she moaned. Wanting more, she continued recklessly. "I want your cock. Fuck my ass with that big cock of yours."

"You think you're ready for my cock? Think you can handle it?" he laughed, still thrusting his fingers in and out of her asshole.

"Just give it to me, you bastard," she hissed, getting impatient.

He slowly slid his cock out of her pussy and after squirting more oil at her asshole, he pointed his throbbing cock at her backdoor. "Nothing could be as sweet as fucking my little sister's tight ass," he murmured. Spreading her cheeks with one hand, he used the other to guide his dick. With a hard thrust, he pushed his cockhead into her ass.

Clara grabbed a nearby towel and screamed into it as her step-brother entered her.

Tyler paused a moment, more for himself than for her benefit. She felt so damn good he had to concentrate, using every ounce of restraint to not cum. Once he had himself under control, he pushed in again, causing another scream from Clara into the towel. He was now in halfway, but once more he had to pause and collect himself.

One final thrust and he was in to the hilt. His balls pressed against her pussy, so wet that he could feel it on his sac. Savoring the heat and incredible tightness of her ass, he flung his head back and groaned loudly. "Oh God, yes!" he growled, to the great delight of his friends.

Gripping Clara's hips, he pulled back slowly until only his head remained inside her and then smoothly slid back into her. He started a slow, steady rhythm, using long deep strokes to fuck her.

Soon, she was moaning and crying out softly as he pumped his cock inside her. Keeping her head down, so that he could push in deeply, Clara's nails tore holes in the mats she was kneeling on, the pleasure in her ass was so intense. "That's it baby, give it to me, give me every inch of your big cock deep inside my ass," she grunted.

She could feel the beginnings of an orgasm in her stomach but she needed more for it to blossom. "Come on Tyler, fuck me, fuck my ass good and hard. Ram it in me, baby!" she demanded.

He needed no further urging and tightening his grip on her hips, thrust in deeply, pumping quickly in and out of her, causing her to scream into the towel again. "Yeah that's it bitch, take it . Take my big cock, you dirty tease," he grunted, pistoning in and out of her, his hips slapping against her ass. He pulled her cheeks wide and stared with awe at her stretched hole, clamped tight around his invading dick.

Raising her head from the towel, she cried out incoherently, ending with her chanting, "Yes, yes, yes, yes!" as her orgasm tore through her with a previously unequalled intensity. Her cum flowed down her thighs as her ass clamped down on Tyler's plunging cock, gripping it even more tightly than before.

With a loud groan, her orgasm tipped him over the edge and he came himself, his cum pouring into her ass. "Oh yeah, baby, I'm cumming! Shooting it deep in your ass!" he cried, pushing in deep. He raised his hand and slapped her tanned butt as his climax tore through him.

Breathing heavily, he pulled out, sitting behind her. He spread her cheeks wide and watched as a sticky white glob of his cum oozed out of her gaping hole and slid down to her pussy.

"All right, who's next?" he called to his friends as he shakily got to his feet.

Clara's head shot up at his question. No, she thought. Not all of them. Before she could even react, hands were pulling her up and she was forced to sit on Rick's lap, and as she cried out with a mixture of pleasure and pain, his cock impaled her ass with one hard thrust. With her back to him, he held her hips tightly and ignoring her pain, pumped into her ass, filling her completely. 

Brad came at her and pulling her legs apart, he knelt between them, his hard cock bobbing between his own thighs. "Ready to be double penetrated?" he grinned, pushing his cock into her well fucked pussy.

"Christ, your cock in her ass makes her cunt tight!" he grunted to Rick as he slid into her. He began to fuck her hard and fast, pounding into her. He grabbed her tits hard, cruelly squeezing her nipples.

"You have the hottest tits," he murmured, roughly pulling on her nippples, stretching out her breasts and shaking them. She cried out loudly as he slapped her breasts back and forth, liking the way the firm flesh jiggled.

Her pussy and ass were both sore after Tyler's assault on them and with Brad now punishing her tits, she didn't feel she could take any more. "No, no more, please," she begged feebly. The guys only laughed at her and she was unable to protest any further as she was grabbed by the hair, forcing her head to turn. Joe pushed his cock into her open mouth, silencing her.

As he pumped his cock in and out of her throat, she hazily heard her step-brother's voice, "All right, three at once! Give it to her guys!"

She closed her eyes and just tried to endure the gang bang. However, even though she was sore, the triple penetration didn't fail to get a reaction from her. After a few moments, she began to groan against Joe's cock, feeling an orgasm building within her. Brad was slapping against her clit with each thrust and Rick's cock in her ass was beginning to feel incredible. Even the continued abuse of her tits was turning her on.
The orgasm tore through her, causing both her pussy and her ass to clench around the cocks inside her. "Oh yeah, she's cumming, she loves this!" Joe exclaimed, laughing "She's a slut alright!" He again gripped her nipples, shaking her tits, sending sparks of sweet pain through her.

Rick was the next to cum, shouting out his climax as he pulled her down hard, filling her ass with another load of cum.

They all took turns fucking her, working their way around her holes until they fucked her ass. At last it was only Steve beneath her, forcing her to ride his cock with her ass. With a roar he finally came mixing his load of cum with that of the others before he pulled out, dropping her on her well used ass as he flopped backwards on the mats.

The other guys had cleaned off, using the outdoor shower and were relaxing in the deck chairs. They broke into applause as Rick finally finished with her.

With a groan she rolled over onto her stomach, giving her ass a break. She suddenly felt like crying but would not give them the satisfaction of her tears. A sharp slap on her ass caused her head to jerk up. Tyler stood above her, a wicked grin on his face. "That's what a tease gets when she does it one time too many," he lectured her. "You are now, officially, a slut." Tossing her a towel, he sneered, "Clean yourself up. You're a mess." Laughing, he turned his back to her, returning to his friends.

Later that night, as she lay in bed, she thought about that afternoon. As degrading as it had been, parts of it she had enjoyed. Tyler's cock was impressive and after the initial pain, the anal sex had been incredible. She had never cum so hard. She even liked the few slaps to her ass as he came and Brad's rough treatment of her tits. She wondered what a real spanking would feel like? A spanking while getting ass fucked?

She was surprised to feel her pussy getting wet as she thought about it. Perhaps she could entice Tyler into fucking her again. Only him though, she though to herself as she gently stroked her sore clit.

She avoided Tyler for the next couple of days, until her ass and pussy were no longer sore. Slipping on her skimpiest silk robe she emerged from her room for breakfast. As she had planned, Tyler was already there, sitting at the counter, eating his bacon and eggs. She did what she always did, bent over flashing her tits at him, reaching up high revealing her ass.

"What are you doing?" he asked her, surprised at her exhibitionist behavior.

"What do you mean?" she coyly asked.

"Didn't you learn your lesson about being a tease?" he said in a low voice.

"Hmmm...I guess not," she replied, her own voice dipping low. "Maybe I need a refresher course," she purred, undoing her robe and letting it slip off her shoulders, landing in a pool at her feet.

She shot a bottle of vegetable oil over the island at him before turning and bending over a low counter, her ass in the air. Looking over her shoulder, she smiled invitingly. "Well, are you going to teach me a lesson, or what?"

A few minutes later, their mingled groans of pleasure, followed by Clara's insistent voice, "Ram that cock in my ass, you bastard!" echoed through the house.