A Trip To The Beach
by eroticwriter27

A Trip To The Beach Ch. 01

Mary and Jeff prepare for a day at the beach.

It was a humid summer day in Florida. Jeff had just finished a run in the unwavering heat. Upon reaching the refreshing coolness of his air-conditioned home, Jeff stripped off his shirt and sipped a bottle water. Standing at 5'10", Jeff was fit, more lean than muscular, and proud of his body he worked hard to maintain. He had brown hair with equally dark brown eyes and an olive skin complexion.

He glanced over to the living room and saw Mary, his wife, sitting on the couch sipping her coffee. She was sitting cross-legged on the couch wearing one of Jeff's large button-down shirts. It was half undone and Jeff could just see Mary's left nipple peeking out from the loose top. Looking down, Jeff was able to make out Mary's red lace thong that the large shirt partially revealed in her exposed position.

Mary was a natural blonde, only 5'3", and had very small petite B cup breasts. She too worked out regularly and ate healthy to maintain her athletic frame from her younger years. This allowed her to have a plump ass that Jeff's friends always mentioned to him.

"We've got to do something about this heat" Jeff said with sweating beading down his chest. "We haven't been able to go outside for three weeks because of this heat"

"I think we need a beach day!" exclaimed Mary. " If we're going to be in the heat, we might as well embrace it and get some sun.

Although not avid tanners, Mary and Jeff did enjoy the occasional day on the beach with their favorite seltzers.

"It has been a while, hasn't it? I just wish the beaches here weren't so crowded, too many families on vacation with kids running around. It really makes it hard to relax." Jeff complained.

"Why don't we drive down the coast to a more secluded beach? I'm sure we could find something much quieter. Then we can have dinner in the evening and make a day out of it," Mary asked.

Suddenly, alarm bells in Jeff's head began sounding. Jeff was a slight exhibitionist/voyeur and always had the fantasy of taking Mary to a nude beach. Coincidentally, he had done some research and found a nude beach about an hour to the South and always thought it would be a sexy trip for the couple but never brought up out of fear of being shut down.

The idea of himself and Mary nude in front of others made his cock stir. Although Jeff's cock wasn't anything special, 5.5" in length with more girth than the average penis, he didn't mind showing it off with his toned body. He also wanted other men to see Mary's body. She worked very hard to look amazing but Jeff alone wasn't enough to convince her of how amazing her body truly looked. He hoped being looked at with desire by other men might improve her self-confidence. Lastly, although never having had a threesome or ever having thought about opening their relationship to others, Jeff was also turned on by the fact Mary would be able to see other penises, particularly ones bigger than his own.

"Hello?"

...Jeff snapped back to reality.

"That's a great idea, I'll do some research and find us a secluded spot and a romantic place for dinner afterwards."

"Wow, okay mister planner, let's see what you come up with!" Mary challenged.

Typically, Mary had to do the majority of decision making relating to trips, dinner, and general activities for the couple. Little did she know Jeff had a surprise up his sleeve.

For the next week, Jeff scoured forums pertaining to the nude beach. He developed a cover story so Mary wouldn't suspect it was the plan all along. A regular clothed beach was adjacent to the nude beach with a small parking lot shared between the two. There was another overflow parking lot on the far side of the nude beach. He knew the times it was busiest and sneakily decided to be "surprised" upon arrival to see the parking lot more crowded than they expected. He would then lead her further down the road to the overflow lot. Jeff then found a quiet dinner spot in a nearby town not far from the beach.

*****

Saturday finally arrived. Jeff attempted to curb his excitement so Mary wouldn't suspect anything. He was up before her, and had the coffee brewing and breakfast finished before Mary rolled out of bed. He wanted to start packing the car, but feared Mary would question why he was so energetic. She always had a knack for catching surprises before they happened.

Following breakfast Mary began packing her bag while Jeff loaded the car. Mary hadn't decided on which bikini she wanted to wear. Jeff walked in the room following his second trip to the car and saw her choosing between two relatively conservative bikinis. Neither were high cut or very sexy in his opinion.

"Babe," Jeff said "Why don't you wear that cheeky bikini I bought for you last year?"

Jeff had purchased Mary a thong bikini last summer in hopes she'd be a little risqué, but she always refused out of fear someone she knows might recognize her at their local beach.

"Cheeky? It's not cheeky, it's a thong!" Mary rolled her eyes and glared back "Fine, this will probably be the only time I'll ever wear it, so consider yourself lucky."

Mary began rummaging through the depths of her bikini drawer until she found the skimpy red thong and matching unpadded triangle top hidden in the back.

"I still can't believe you bought me this thing, everyone and their mother will be able to see my nipples... Not to mention my butt"

Shaking her head in disapproval, she stood up and peeled her night shirt over her head and exposed her completely nude body underneath. Jeff's eyes widened as he noticed her perfectly smooth and hairless pubic area.

"Did you get a wax?" Jeff asked.

"Of course! I can't have loose hairs poking out of my bikini. I had a feeling you'd convince me to wear this one too so I made sure they waxed my ass too."

Mary spun around facing away from Jeff and spread her ass cheeks for him, revealing her perfectly groomed asshole.

Jeff was shocked. Mary was never this upfront sexually, particularly when discussing butt stuff. She winked her asshole at him, released her cheeks, and grabbed her red thong bottoms.

Jeff watched intently as she bent over and pulled up the bottoms. Her ass swallowed the thong and the thin red line of material disappeared between her cheeks. "Wow," Jeff muttered.

Mary noticed the stiffening in Jeff's pants. "You're too much sometimes" she giggled. "Too bad we can't waste precious sunlight. I guess you'll have to wait until tonight" as she playfully slapped her ass and made it jiggle, teasing Jeff.

Mary proceeded to pull a sheer coverup from the drawer and draped it over herself. The outline of her thong-clad ass was easily visible through the translucent fabric. As she passed Jeff to grab her flip flops, a ray of light passing through the window shown on her figure. As the light hit her coverup, it became transparent and her entire ass was on display. Jeff didn't say a word. He knew Mary would change if she was aware how revealing the outfit was.

*****

Not long after, the couple was off. They made a brief stop at a local deli to pick up sandwiches and snacks for their long day in the sun. Jeff couldn't help but notice the many glances Mary was receiving from various men throughout the small shop. Jeff wasn't surprised, as her revealing bikini was hidden poorly beneath her sheer coverup. Jeff, once again, was fighting a rising hard on growing in his swim trunks. As she received the bag of sandwiches from the counter and turned to leave, Jeff lingered momentarily. The workers eyes left Mary's as she turned and immediately dropped to her voluptuous ass. His eyes then darted back up to Jeff's and he smiled with a sly grin. Jeff replied with a wink and followed his wife out the door.


A Trip To The Beach Ch. 02

Mary bares it all at a nude beach.

To Jeff's surprise, his parking lot plan went flawlessly. He and Mary arrived at the first small parking with about a dozen spaces only to find it full. Without any help, Mary quickly noticed the overflow parking sign. Jeff, without hesitation, whipped the car around and made their way a quarter mile down the road to the second lot. Slightly bigger, and sparsely populated, they pulled into a spot towards the rear of the lot.

As they stepped out, they each looked to the direction of the beach. as the sandy gravel turned to dunes, there were two clear paths that led to the beach. Jeff knew that the right path would lead to the "clothing optional area." After gathering their supplies, they made their way to the end of the lot.

"This way looks like it'll be less busy" Jeff said nonchalantly, trying to keep his cool.

"Sound good to me!" Mary quipped

Jeff allowed Mary to walk first, mainly so he could keep an eye on her luscious thong-clad ass, but also to gauge her reaction to the nudity.

Jeff continued chit chatting to distract Mary from the small but obvious clothing optional sign. It sat just beneath the standard beach rules and regulations sign posted before the dune walkway. Luckily for Jeff, it was partially obstructed by tall grass from the dunes.

After walking the twenty yards on a narrow wooden walkway between the dunes, it came to an opening of smooth white sand and a slight slope leading down to the beach. The ocean was at low tide. The beach extended almost forty yards from dunes to the water. the waves were low and a slight breeze with a scent salt could be smelled.

Enamored by the beautiful and relaxing sight before them, the couple slipped off their shoes and let the sun-soaked sand warm their feet. It was at the moment Mary stepped into the opening past the dunes that she noticed the first naked body.

"Jeff!" she said called in a loud whisper to her rear. She then used her eyes and a slight nod of the head to point to her right. Jeff looked and saw an older couple, most likely in their 50's sitting in chairs beneath their umbrella. At first glance, nothing looked out of the ordinary but after a moment Jeff realized they were completely nude.

Jeff returned Mary's look with a shrug. Aa they walked further onto the beach Jeff caught up beside Mary. The beach was sparely populated but it was becoming more and more evident to Mary this was no ordinary beach.

"Oh my god, I think we're at a nude beach?!" Mary exclaimed. "What should we do?" she asked.

Now was the critical moment, Jeff chose his words carefully. "Well, we're already here, and it isn't busy. Also, we don't HAVE to get naked either."

"Yeah, that's true. Okay then, where to?"

Jeff couldn't believe she has so readily agreed to stay.

"How about over there?". Jeff gestured up the beach where they'd have at least twenty yards around them. Jeff also noticed a younger couple situated just beyond the location, from the distance it was hard to tell, but he guessed they were in their mid 40's, which was young for a typical nude beach crowd and he was hoping to get a closer look.

After trudging through the sand to their desired location they set down their small cooler, pitched their umbrella, and set up their towels. Jeff realized they were quickly approaching another decision point, to be or not to be...naked.

Mary peeled off her coverup revealing her itty-bitty red thong bikini.

"You're definitely gonna need sunscreen on that ass of yours." Jeff said as he moved to grab the sunscreen. Mary lied on her stomach looked at Jeff. "Chop chop!"

Jeff generously applied sunscreen over her entire back and legs, saving her ass for last. He sensed Mary was getting turned as she slowly parted her legs as Jeff rubbed her ass and inner thighs.

Jeff, growing bolder, pulled the thin red strip of material to the side and let his finger glide from Mary's Labia to her asshole. Mary let out two soft moans as Jeff's finger encountered each of her holes.

Regaining her composure, Mary turned and look at Jeff, "Excuse me, sir, but I'm trying to enjoy the sun."

"Sorry, I couldn't resist," Jeff said, as he released her thong and the material snapped back into place, barely covering her asshole.

Not long after Mary unsnapped the back of her top to prevent tan lines. Jeff couldn't keep his eyes off his wife. From his angle All it looked like she was wearing was her tiny red thong that was swallowed by her plump ass.

After twenty minutes of relaxing and a drink or two Jeff was sensing Mary was becoming more relaxed. Occasionally when chatting she would turn to him, leaning on her elbow and her breast and nipple would be exposed. Jeff decided to test the waters with her comfortability.

"At this point you might as well lose the top... No one is around plus you would've shown them around to everyone already.

Mary rolled her eyes "I seriously doubt that. How about you lose your bottoms and I'll reconsider."

Jeff was ecstatic. He was just trying for Mary to go topless... But she proposed full nude. A slight wave of nervousness coupled with horniness overtook him. "You know what, it's totally worth it to enjoy the view of you."

"Seriously" Mary replied? "You want all these old men to see me naked? I thought for sure you'd want me all to yourself."

"You know babe, it is kind is hot knowing all the men can check out your smoking body, but know that I', the only one who gets to have you," He said in the most sexy tone he could come up with.

Mary rolled her eyes again. "I'm not that attractive."

"Oh, believe me. You ARE." Jeff replied sternly. Mary saw herself less attractive than she actually was, and Jeff knew this was his chance to rectify it.

"You know what, if you don't mind your wife naked for other men, then I don't care either."

In one smooth motion Mary rolled to her back and brought her knees to her chest, like a sit-up, and peeled her tiny red thong from her waist and past her toes and flung it towards Jeff.


A Trip To The Beach Ch. 03
Jeff watches as Mary engages with a stranger on a nude beach.

Mary's red thong landed just short of Jeff's towel in the sand.

"There ya go, is that what you wanted?" Mary asked Jeff, as she turned her ass to him and gave it a playful slap.

"Wow, you look fantastic, I think you'll be getting plenty of looks, as well as compliments, by the time we leave," Jeff said as he shimmied out of his trunks. The sight of Mary completely nude caused blood to pour into his cock.

"Mmm, well maybe I'll have to give someone a show. I bet you'd like that, ya weirdo." Mary said playfully.

"You can't tell me that men checking you out doesn't turn you on!" Jeff replied.

"I guess it does, but no men are gonna be looking at me." But Jeff knew in his mind that would be impossible for someone as beautiful and sexy as Mary.

Jeff let the conversation die and they remained quiet for several minutes enjoying the ocean sounds. Eventually Mary looked over to him and spoke.

"How about we go skinny dipping? We haven't done that in years!" Mary said.

"I was just about to mention how hot it is. Let's do it baby."

Jeff and Amy hopped up and made their way to the water. All eyes were on Mary's small pert tits and juicy full ass, swaying as she walked. Thankfully, Jeff's erection had time to die down prior to making their way down the beach.

As they entered the ankle-deep water, Jeff leaned to Mary's ear, "I told you everyone would check you out." Jeff knew Mary saw them too, but she attempted to play it off.

"Oh stop, everyone here is nude, I'm just another one of them."

"But no one else has perky tits and a sexy full ass like yours," Jeff countered.

"Wow, you really must want other men to see me nude," she said questioningly.

"Well maybe I'll have to give someone a show if you want it that bad," in an attempt to challenge Jeff's desire.

"You already are," he nodded his head in the direction of a man twenty yards away in the water, staring intently at Mary's half submerged body.

After swimming for some time, Mary decided to return to the beach. Jeff remained in the water and told Mary he'd like to cool off a little bit longer. In actuality, he just wanted to see his dripping wet nude wife walk back up the beach... and hopefully catch a glimpse of somebody watching her.

After a few minutes Jeff looked up, but instead of seeing Mary, his view was blocked by a nude man standing in front of her. His pale white ass stuck out like a sore thumb. It was hard to tell from the distance, but Jeff thought he looked about 6'0 and was positioned facing her, about 5-10 yards away from where Mary was lying. Jeff could only see the man's backside from his perspective. He seemed to be in decent shape and probably mid 40's.

Jeff was aware of the reputation of older creeps on the beach, but the man didn't alarm him. Regardless, Jeff was unsure if Mary was comfortable with the situation, so he began wading perpendicular to the beach until she came into view. Mary was lying on her towel, faceup, and resting in her elbows. The only piece of clothing on her stark nude body was a pair of wide brimmed sunglasses. Her body was still glistening from the water on her skin. Jeff could see her head nodding and could hear laughter accompanied by her beautiful smile. Jeff determined she was obviously enjoying the interaction. Jeff realized he was also enjoying it, as he felt his 5.5" member begin to swell.

Slightly embarrassed of his state, Jeff decided to let her be and spent another ten minutes relaxing in the waves, hoping for his erection to die down. Every so often he'd turn around to see Mary and the man in the same position. Once sufficiently cool, and his erection subsided, he decided to head up the beach to meet Mary's new friend.

As Jeff approached, he noticed Mary's legs were slightly spread giving the man a full view of her beautiful freshly waxed labia and pussy. She made no attempt to hide her sex from the stranger.

"Hey honey!" Mary shouted. "Meet Eric!"

Jeff walked back to Mary, taking in the sight of her amazing nude body. her nipples were hard and her pussy was engorged... "she's so turned on right now, maybe this is the show she was talking about," Jeff thought to himself. Jeff couldn't believe Mary had gone from conservative wife to now having her legs spread for a stranger.

At that moment, Eric turned and stuck out his hand to shake Jeff's.

Jeff's eyes nearly left popped out of his head when he saw the large flaccid cock dangling between Eric's legs. Even in its completely flaccid state, it was thicker and longer than Jeff.... when fully erect.

"It's no wonder she was enjoying herself all this time," Jeff thought to himself.

"Pleasure to meet you," a voice said.

Jeff snapped out of his daze and realized he had been caught staring.

Returning his gaze to Eric's eyes, he replied "the pleasure is all mine!"

He heard Mary giggle in the background. Jeff's eyes met Mary's. As soon as she captured his gaze, her eyes went to Eric's cock and then back to Jeff's eyes, she then gave a quick eyebrow rise, to indicate her interest in the massive member Eric was showing off.

"Eric was just telling me about some local spots we could try for dinner!" Mary said nonchalantly.

"Wonderful" Jeff said. The couple continued taking for another 15 minutes. All the while, Jeff noticed Mary occasionally brushed her hand against her visibly moist slit and hard nipples. As time went on her clit came into view. He couldn't believe how turned on she was getting, but was it the attention she was giving him or what he was showing off to her? Regardless, Jeff never anticipated Mary partaking in such a risqué situation with a complete stranger.

As their conversation came to its natural end, Eric continued his stroll down the beach, no doubt looking for other attractive women to court.

*****

Once out of earshot Mary looked at Jeff, "oh my god, Jeff. I felt like a school girl, I couldn't keep my eyes off his cock, I could barely look him in the eyes. After getting caught a few times I just gave up and kept staring."

"I don't think he minded at all, babe"

"I saw you two from the water and was surprised how long you talked, but I'm not so surprised anymore. I didn't know big cocks turn you on."

"Oh hush"

Mary was never one to admit her kinks openly, but Jeff knew from experience she always seemed to moan a little louder and more often when he would bring out her oversized dildos in the bedroom.

Mary continued, "Just because you're the only cock I've had doesn't mean I can't be intrigued by something that's a little... more like a lot bigger." She giggled all while lightly stroking her slit subconsciously.

