Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 14

Brad looked at Aaron and smiled. He had never seen his friend so shaken but he had never seen his friend after he fired cum all over a 14-yr-old goddess as she held his cock. Yes, that was something.

“You gonna be ok?” Brad said and Aaron looked at him.

“Fuck, that was incredible.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, it looked pretty good from here, I can only imagine what it felt like.” Brad said.

“I have never cum so hard and so fast in my life.” Aaron said.

“You ever have anyone that looked like that holding your balls and stroking your cock while she licked your head?” Brad said.

“You have a point. She is so amazing.” Aaron said.

“Yes, she is.” Brad said and they heard a splash.

They looked around to see Katie sitting on the lounge smiling. Madison was swimming towards the stairs. They watched her walk out of the pool, her young body dripping water. Brad would have to record this eventually. She walked up to them.

“Aaron, I am sorry. I will get better at that.” She said.

Aaron turned to the girl and hugged her. His hands wrapped around the young body and her skin felt great. He put his hand over her head and squeezed her harder. She put her arms around his neck. He held her for what felt like so long to him and he eventually released her and looked at her.

“Baby girl, that was one of the most wonderful things that has ever happened to me. You were great and you do not change anything about yourself, ever.” He said and hugged her again.

“Can I practice some more with you?” She whispered in his ear and he squeezed her harder.

He eventually released her and hoped she didn’t see the tears in his eyes. She leaned forward and kissed him, her little tongue moving between his lips and touching his. He pulled her back into his body and kissed her hard. His hand moved to her firm ass and he squeezed it as he kissed the little goddess. She pulled back and looked at him. His eyes could not leave her face even though he knew all of her treasures were there for him to look at.

“Thank you, Aaron.” She said and looked over at Mr. Thompson.

“Mr. Thompson, I am really hungry.” She said and Brad looked at his watch.

“Fuck, it is 12;30, what do we want to do for food?” Brad said.

“Can we have barbeque, I love ribs.” Madison said and Aaron thought she couldn’t get any more perfect.

“That is a wonderful idea. Aaron, do you mind running out and getting it?” Brad said and pulled out his phone.

“No problem.” Aaron said.

“Can I come with you?” Madison said and Aaron looked at the naked young girl standing next to him.

“Well, you may have to put on some clothes?” He said.

“What, you don’t like me like this?” She said and posed.

“Baby, I love you like this, but we don’t want to get arrested.” He said and wondered how far under the jail they would put him if they pulled him over with a naked 14-yr-old girl in his car.

She laughed and ran over to her lounge. She put on her suit and Katie helped her tie it. Katie walked over to a storage closet and pulled out a white coverup. She slipped it over Madison, and it looked wonderful on her.

“There, all dressed up and ready to go.” Katie said and Madison giggled.

Madison slipped on her sandals and took Aaron’s hand. They walked out of the yard towards the car. Katie watched them leave the back yard and walked over to Brad. She opened his pants and sat down on his cock. She felt it slide up into her and it felt like it was where it should be. She slid up and down on her husband’s cock a few times and then settled onto his lap.

“So, how hot was that?” Katie said.

“You tell me.” Brad said and slid his phone over.

Katie looked at the screen and saw Madison kiss the black cock and then proceed to take a massive facial.

“Holy shit, we will be watching that a lot. Do you know she thought she had done something wrong that made him shoot on her face?” Katie said.

“Amazing, how can she stay so innocent while having cum shot on her?” Brad said and shook his head.

“She is something else, but I am liking the impact she is having on this beast.” Katie said and started moving up and down on Brad’s hard cock.

Madison sat in the front seat and looked out the window as they drove to the restaurant.

“Aaron, have you had a lot of girls do that to you?” She asked out of the blue and he looked at her.

“Yes, baby, lots.” He said.

“Can you help me get better?” She said and looked at him.

“You are something else, little girl. That was one of the best blowjobs I have ever had, and you want to get better?” Aaron said.

“Is that what it is called? A blowjob? Why is it called that?” She said.

“Well, that is a great question as there is no blowing and it is not really a job.” He said and she laughed.

“Maybe we should rename it?” She said.

“Darling, if you keep doing it like that it will be named after you.” He said and she smiled.

“Was I really good or are you just being nice?” She said.

“You were really good; you need to learn to take a compliment.” He said and she laughed again.

“When can we practice again?” She asked.

He chuckled and shook his head; his buddies would never believe this if he ever shared with them but he was adamant that those yahoos would never see or hear about her. She was his little secret and they would not know what to do with her anyway.

“Maybe later today.” He said.

“Cool.” She said.

Brad was holding onto his beautiful wife as she bounced on his cock. Her breasts were flying around in front of his face and he was mesmerized watching them move. He was lasting longer than normal under these conditions as he had so recently filled her mouth with his load. He lifted her and stood up; his cock still embedded in her hot pussy. He sat her on the table and laid her back. He grabbed her legs and held them and started hammering her. He knew she loved it rough, and he was so ready to put it to her. He drilled into her and she was moaning.

“Oh God, fuck me hard.” She moaned.

“Do you want it harder, slut?” he said and she gasped.

“Yes, fuck your little slut. Fuck her hard.” She screamed.

He loved it when she started talking a little dirty, she could get way worse but for the backyard this was good. He pushed her legs back towards her head and started pounding straight down into her. He heard her grunt as he bottomed out and she was squeezing his arms. He kept up the pace and he felt like he could do this forever. She was breathing harder, and he leaned over and took a nipple in his mouth. She grabbed the back of his head and held him to her chest. He bit he nipple gently and she screamed.

“Fuck Fuck, yes, fuck me!!!” She screamed and he noticed his phone next to her head. He watched Madison pull back and take a load of Aaron’s cum on her forehead. He groaned and fired his own load deep into his wife.

He reached in and rubbed on her clit as he stayed inside her. She grabbed her breasts and pinched her own nipples. He rubbed her clit and then pinched it and her hips pushed off the table. He held on like a cowboy as he rode her through her orgasm.

Aaron pulled up to the restaurant and Madison climbed out of the car and held his hand as they walked into the restaurant. They walked up to the counter and there was a guy at the register with a backwards baseball cap.

“Hey, Aaron, your order is almost ready, give me 5 minutes.” The guy said.

“Thanks Carl. How you been?” Aaron said and held out his hand. The man stuck his out and they shook.

“I been good, but not as good as you.” Carl said and moved his eyes to Madison.

“Carl, this is Madison, she is my friend. She is staying with the Thompsons for a while.” Aaron said and looked down at her.

Carl looked over the little beauty queen, she looked really young, but she was stunning. Her face was just so fucking cute, that long dark hair was dramatic and the legs he saw coming out from her dress were very nice. She was quite the package, but he wondered how Aaron was able to get his log into that little body. He looked back at Aaron.

“Nice to have friends, especially cute ones like that. Nice to meet you Madison.” Carl said and held out his hand, Madison again slid her little white hand into a large black one.

Madison shook Carl’s hand and he loved how soft and fragile she was as he held her little hand. He turned and grabbed a couple of bags and placed them on the counter.

“Here you go buddy, enjoy. You let me know if you ever need any help with your friends.” Carl said and shook Aaron’s hand.

“Will do Carl, you have a good day.” Aaron said and turned to leave.

“Nice meeting you Mr. Carl.” Madison said and waved.

They walked to the car and Aaron could not help seeing the image of Madison hanging off the end of Carl’s cock. No, that would never happen. He would have to start being a little careful how many of his horndog friends find out about her. He looked down at her and squeezed her hand. She smiled that cute smile back.

Aaron and Madison walked into the backyard and set the food down on the table. Katie had her suit back on and was sitting at the table talking to Brad. Madison was very excited to dig into ribs. They all laughed and ate great barbeque.

Madison leaned back with a full tummy. All of a sudden all she wanted to do was go and lay on the lounge and sleep; she felt a little tired again and she realized she had gotten up incredibly early the last two days. She was looking forward to tomorrow so she could sleep in a little. It was a school day, but she could get up a lot later than the last couple of days.

“I need to lay down for a little while.” Madison said.

“Ok, sweetie, you do look tired. A couple of early mornings for you.” Katie said.

Madison walked over to the lounge and laid down on her back, she was asleep in a matter of minutes. Aaron, Brad, and Katie finished eating and all looked over at the sleeping princess.

“What are we going to do with that one?” Aaron said.

“Well, seems like you will be providing the equipment for her to practice on.” Katie said.

“She is only 14, she should not be that fucking hot.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, I am having trouble wrapping my head around that as well, I have never been as attracted to any woman like I am with her. Sometimes I forget how old she is, it is the honesty and innocence that just turn me the fuck on.” Katie said.

“I am going to hell.” Aaron said.

“We will be right behind you but looking over there I am thinking it will be so worth it.” Katie said.

“Fuck.” Aaron said and put his head in his hands.

“I am going to lay down as well. You guys go do guy things for a while.” Katie said and walked over to the lounge.

The guys watched her cute ass as she walked to her lounge and laid down on her back. They each grabbed a beer and walked into the house to watch some sporting event. They found a Nascar race and settled in to watch.

Madison woke up and looked over at Katie. She was sleeping and she looked so pretty. She wondered if her boobs would ever look like that as she rubbed her own breasts. She knew that all of her guys seemed to like her boobs, but they were nowhere near as nice as Katie’s. Her guys? She chuckled as she thought about what she meant, Mr. Jones was her first “guy”, she now realized that he very much enjoyed looking at her and she smiled when she thought of all the times she worked out in the yard and ran in her shorts and sports bra. She recognized the look he always gave her now that she had seen it from Mr. Thompson and Aaron and especially from the old men that she worked with to sign contracts for daddy.

Madison thought about her other “guys”, Mr. Thompson was so cute when he looked up from between her legs with his shiny face. She liked Aaron a lot and was really looking forward to practicing with him some more on blowjobs. She believed Katie now when she said that guys really liked it when girls did that, she saw the look on Mr. Thompson and Aaron’s faces earlier today. She smiled when she thought of what Mr. Jones would think if she did that for him.

She closed her eyes and thought of the boys at school. None of them seemed to even notice her except when they were teasing her or making fun of her and that was only the freshman boys. All of the other boys just ignored her. Then she thought of her teachers, now that she thought of it, they did seem to notice her. She remembered catching her History teacher looking up her skirt. She wondered why only older guys seemed to notice her.

“Good morning, baby.” She heard Katie’s voice and looked.

Katie was looking at her. Madison got up and climbed on her lounge, moving up between her legs and laying her head on Katie’s stomach. She felt Katie’s hands on her head. She loved the feel of Katie’s skin on her cheek.

“Do you feel a little better now?” Katie asked.

“Yes, I do, it was nice. I love your backyard.” Madison said.

“I love you in my backyard.” Katie said and rubbed the young girl’s head.

“I think I need to go to bed early tonight, or I will fall asleep in school tomorrow. I also have to help Mr. Thompson tomorrow afternoon.” Madison said.

“You know you don’t have to help Mr. Thompson if you don’t want to. He has been doing fine without you for many years.” Katie said.

“I know but it is not bad. The old men have soft hands, and I can tell they love touching me and that makes me feel good as well. It is also helping daddy and he is happy now. He has been so sad since my mom left and it is nice seeing him smile so much now.” Madison said.

“Do you promise to tell me the instant that you feel uncomfortable with anything?” Katie said.

“Yes, mom.” Madison said and giggled. Katie felt her heart skip a beat.

Aaron and Brad walked back outside, talking about the huge wreck and how Denny Hamlin slipped through and stole the race at the end. They fell silent as soon as they saw the girls. Madison was laying on top of Katie and they both felt their cocks harden instantly.

Madison saw the guys walk back and sit at the table. She saw them looking at her and Katie and she saw them both push on their pants and then sit down. She lifted her head up and looked at Katie.

“Katie, why do guys get all excited just looking at us?” Madison asked, Katie marveling again on her innocent curiosity.

“Part of it is that you are incredibly pretty and they always like watching two girls together.” Katie said.

“Do you think they would like it if we kissed?” Madison asked.

“Oh yes, they would definitely like that.” Katie said.

“Would you like that?” Madison asked.

“More than anything in the world right now.” Katie said and Madison smiled.

Madison slid up and kissed Katie. She held her lips on hers and slipped her tongue into Katie’s mouth. She felt Katie’s warm tongue and it slipped around hers gently. She loved it when that happened, and it was lasting longer than it ever had and it was soft and gentle. She pulled back and looked at Katie. Then she leaned in and started kissing her again, their tongues wrapping around each other again.

Aaron and Brad sat with their mouths hanging open as they watched the girls kiss. People have paid good money to get quality porn with similar situations, but they had something even better right here in the back yard. They watched and wished it would never end.

“Katie, do you think they are liking this?” Madison asked, pulling her lips from Katie’s.

“I don’t care, I am liking this.” She said and pulled the little girl back into her.

Madison felt Katie’s body getting warmer as they kissed, she also felt her hips moving slightly under her. Katie was getting excited, and she was making it happen. She felt really good that she could make Katie happy like this. She remembered in the dressing room when her body started getting excited and what Katie did for her. She pulled off the wonderful lips and started to slide down Katie’s soft body, kissing the warm skin as she went.

“Oh God.” Katie said as she felt the girl kissing her way down her body.

Katie felt her kiss her stomach just above her suit and then she felt the suit loosen and disappear. She could feel the warm breath on her already hot pussy. She still had her hands on the girl’s head and then she felt the warm tongue.

“Oh my God, that feels so good.” Katie said in a whisper and Madison smiled.

Madison licked Katie and loved the taste of her skin. She felt Katie spread her legs and she saw her pussy open before her eyes. She saw the pink skin inside and it looked wet. She licked and tasted something different. This tasted sweet and salty at the same time, much different than the salty taste of the rest of her body. She licked again and Katie moaned. Madison ran her tongue around and tried to soak up all the juices. She slipped it into the hole she saw and felt Katie shiver. She wiggled her tongue in the hole.

“Son of a bitch!” Katie screamed and Madison giggled, her tongue wiggling deep inside of Katie.

Madison saw Katie’s button and she knew what that felt like when someone touched hers. Aaron made her very happy just using his finger. She had felt three different tongues on her own and they all felt great. She ran her tongue around the little button, and she felt Katie shiver again and she felt her pushing on her head. She loved making Katie happy, and she kissed the little button again.

“Oh God, Oh God.” Katie screamed as the young girl took control of her soul with her tongue.

Madison kissed the button and then ran her tongue back down and up Katie’s pink insides. She got back up to the top and took the small throbbing piece of skin in her lips and sucked. She felt Katie lurch up off the lounge, but she held on. As soon as she felt Katie relax, she sucked the button harder. Katie screamed and started shaking hard. Madison held onto her hips and kept her tongue on her. Katie was pushing on her head, making it easier to stay between her legs. Madison held on as Katie continued to shake.

“I hope you are getting this on video?” Aaron said as he watched Madison move between Katie’s legs.

“Fuck yes. This is fucking unbelievable.” Brad said and held up his phone.

“Your wife is going to never let that little girl go home. I have watched you eat her out numerous times and she has never reacted like that. You may need to have the little one teach you some things.” Aaron said and laughed.

“I may just keep her around to see this as often as possible. God, this is hot.” Brad said.

Madison felt Katie settle down and she crawled back up and laid her head on Katie’s warm stomach. She felt Katie shiver occasionally under her. Katie wrapped her arms around the girl.

“God, sweetie, that was incredible.” Katie said.

“I am glad you liked it; do you think the guys liked watching?” Madison said and Katie laughed.

“I think they will dream about it as will I.” Katie said and squeezed her.

“Katie, do you think Aaron is ready to let me practice on him again?” Madison asked.

“Oh yes, he is most likely more than ready. You may get another bath. Not yet though, stay here a little while, this is nice.” Katie said and held the girl.

Madison closed her eyes and felt her body almost shutting down as she laid on Katie’s warm body. She loved the feel of this, she was incredibly comfortable. She felt Katie’s hands rubbing her head and she thought of her day so far. It seemed like forever ago that they dropped daddy off at the airport and the skinny black man with the gold teeth was staring at her. Then she remembered Aaron’s wonderful finger between her legs on the way home from the airport. Breakfast was great but Katie and Mr. Thompson touching her next to the table was miraculous. She had never felt anything like that. Then Aaron squirted his stuff all over her face, that felt weird, but Katie said it was hot and she had been right about everything so far. Now she had tasted Katie and made her very happy. Yes, it has been a full day and now she opened her eyes and saw that Aaron was looking at her as he was sitting at the table.

Madison got up off the lounge and Katie groaned. She stood up and walked over to Aaron. She took his hand and led him over to the lounge. She sat down and he was looking down at her. She pulled down his shorts and the huge black cock popped out and hit her on the head. She reached up and held it in her hand. She put the other hand on it like Katie said. She looked up at him and he was smiling. He put his hand on her head and it felt nice. She moved her hands up and down it slowly and she felt it throbbing.

Katie watched the young girl handling the massive black cock. It looked so surreal; her little white hands wrapped around the black pole. Her hands were so small they didn’t even come close to going all the way around. It would be a miracle if Aaron lasted a minute as she watched one of the little hands reach under and grab the black balls. She heard Aaron groan and she knew this would not last long again.

Aaron felt her grab his balls and gently manipulate them. He was trying to breathe slowly and trying not to just unload on her again. He took a deep breath. Her hand was moving up and down his shaft slowly and then he felt her lips on the head of his cock. He held his breath; he could hold on. He saw Katie leaning over.

“Kiss it gently, remember, just like you kiss me.” Katie whispered.

Madison kissed the shiny head and then slipped her tongue out. There was a small drop of white stuff and she licked it off. It was salty. She ran her tongue around the head, and she heard Aaron groan. She pulled back a little, expecting another shower. She looked up and he was breathing hard, but nothing came out yet. She kissed it again and she heard Katie whisper.

“Open your mouth and slide it in.” Katie said.

Madison opened her mouth and wrapped it around the shiny head. It almost filled her mouth, her lips stretching to get around it. She wondered if she was supposed to put the whole thing in, she thought that would be impossible. She looked up at him and tried to push forward and felt more of it move into her small mouth. She heard something and then felt him pulse under her fingers. She felt the hot blast hit the back of her throat and she pulled back instinctively. Before it left her mouth, she felt another blast and it filled her mouth, she tried to swallow but there was too much. She felt it running out of her lips onto her chin. She pulled off as the next blast hit her tongue. She wanted to close her mouth and try to swallow what was in there, but Katie moved in front of her and started kissing her, their tongues moving through what was in her mouth. She felt more of it run down her chin and was now running down her neck.

Aaron looked down and saw the young girl with his cock in her mouth. Her lips were stretched as she worked to get it in. He saw her look up and try to push more into her little mouth and he lost it. He felt his cum fire into her mouth and she looked like she was trying to swallow. He blasted more and he saw it start to flow out of her mouth as she pulled back. He fired a third onto her tongue as she was pulling away and most of that just poured out of her small mouth. He tried to burn this image into his brain as he watched his cum run off her chin and down her neck.

Katie watched the girl try to take Aaron’s load into her young mouth and then saw it flowing off her lips and she lost it. She leaned over and pulled the girl into her and kissed her. She felt the cum in her mouth as her tongue worked its way in. Madison was now moaning as Katie kissed her. She held the back of her head and pulled more cum out of her mouth. She pulled back and she saw Madison’s eyes, they were glazed over with desire. She reached down and pulled off the white coverup and then laid the girl down on the lounge. She kissed her gently, Aaron’s cum coating both of their tongues.

Katie slid her hand down and pulled the strings on the yellow bikini. She broke the kiss and looked back at Aaron, pointing between Madison’s legs. Aaron got the idea and knelt, putting his hands on the powerful thighs and spreading the young legs. He looked at the smooth little pussy and it was glistening with desire. He licked his lips and went to work. Katie pulled Madison’s top up and her breasts popped free. She ran her hands over them and kissed the girl again. She heard Madison moan in her mouth, and she knew Aaron had made contact.

Brad sat and watched the bizarre scene, his phone propped on the table capturing one of the hottest things he had ever seen. He saw Aaron licking her young pussy and Katie rubbing her boobs as she kissed her. He saw his wife look at him and point to Madison’s chest. He sprung into action and knelt down next to the lounge. He moved his head down and took a perfect nipple into his mouth. He felt Madison put her hand on his head as he nursed on her little boob. He saw his wife start kissing her again.

Madison was in turmoil, she could not figure out what was happening, there was too much. Katie was kissing her as they shared what was left of Aaron in her mouth. She felt her suit bottoms get pulled off and Aaron’s tongue between her legs. Then she felt Mr. Thompson start to kiss her breast and she was in pleasure overload. She felt her mind break and she let her body completely relax as they performed their magic on her.

Katie pulled off the girl and she saw that her eyes were closed, and her mouth stayed open as she moaned. She could see Aaron’s cum on her tongue as well as her chin and neck. She looked down and Brad was sucking on the stiff little nipples while Aaron was licking her young pussy like a maniac. She felt the little body moving as the girl struggled to handle all the input. She looked so small under the two men. She pushed some hair off her pretty face, she wanted to watch her as she went through this.

Aaron could not believe how good she tasted. He had been between the legs of many girls, black and white but never had anyone tasted like this. He loved it and he could spend many hours here. He licked the length of her young pussy again.

Katie saw the girl put her hand on Aaron’s head. She was now holding both of her men as they kissed, licked and sucked all over her young body. Katie looked over this whole scene and had never seen anything close to this. It was amazing and she felt the girl start to shake. She heard her scream and then the little body started convulsing. Both men held on and continued to work on her. She was now making strange noises and flying around the lounge as the guys tried to hold on.

Aaron and Brad stood up and looked down at the precious creature. Her young legs were still spread, oil was glistening on her body, her eyes were closed, and her mouth was open as she worked through the aftershocks. They saw her open her eyes and look up at them. Her face was shiny with oil and sweat, there was also a few globs of cum on her cheek and forehead. She looked like she had been through hell, but she was smiling.

“Wow.” Madison said as she looked up.

They all laughed at her simple reaction. She was still cute as a button, even in this position.

“Are you ok, sweetie?” Katie said and Madison turned her head to look at her.

“Oh, yeah, I am more than ok. That was incredible, when can we do it again?” She said and they all laughed.

Aaron and Brad walked slowly back to the table. They sat down, took big sips of beer and tried to figure out what just happened.

Katie looked down at the girl and then leaned over and kissed her softly.

“You are so pretty.” Katie said.

“Not as pretty as you.” Madison said.

“Baby, you are perfect, but one day you will realize how much power you have over people and I just hope it doesn’t change you.” Katie said and kissed her again.

Madison was not sure she understood what Katie just said but she knew her body had just experienced paradise. She still felt little shivers. Katie was kissing her, and she loved it. She could kiss her forever. She felt Katie pull back.

“You know, you still owe me a shower.” Madison said.

Katie sat up and did not see her suit anywhere. Oh, fuck it. She stood up and walked over to the table. Aaron and Brad stared at her as she stood next to them naked. She grabbed Brad’s beer and took a big drink. She handed Brad his beer.

“Ok, boys, we need a shower obviously. I am going to walk upstairs. Who is going to carry that little girl and deliver her to me?” Katie said and looked at Aaron.

“Yes maam. I will volunteer.” Aaron said.

“Thank you for your dedication, sir.” Katie said and chuckled.

She walked across the patio towards the house. Aaron walked over and looked down at Madison. Her eyes were closed, and she looked heavenly.

“I heard someone over here needs a ride upstairs.” Aaron said and she opened her eyes.

“That would be wonderful, I am not sure my legs work anymore.” Madison said.

Aaron slid his hands under the tight little body and lifted her. She snuggled against his chest as he held her warm soft body. He started walking across the yard with his special delivery.

“Aaron, do you still love me when I look like this?” She said and looked up at him.

“Baby girl, I will love you the rest of your life, even when you get old and shriveled.” He said and she giggled.

“I love you Aaron, thank you for letting me practice.” She said and snuggled back against him.

“My pleasure baby, literally my pleasure.” He said softly.

Katie was sitting in the shower, letting the warm water wash over her. She saw Aaron walk in the bathroom and she stood up and held out her arms. Aaron handed her a naked little angel. She hugged her and sat back down, letting the warm water hit the girl’s back.

“That feels good, I feel like I have been run over.” Madison said.

“Baby, you had one of Gerard’s special massages and then ... that.” Katie said.

“Yeah, “that” was the best thing that I have ever done.” Madison said and Katie chuckled.

Katie stood her up facing her and then she stood and hugged her. It felt so nice to feel the soft skin next to hers. She moved them under the water, and they hugged for a few minutes. Katie pulled back and left the girl under the water. She sat down and soaped up a sponge. She looked at Madison and she walked up to her. Katie ran the soapy sponge over the cute little body. She soaped up her chest, then her stomach and then those wonderful legs. She moved around behind her and soaped up her back, that prefect ass, and the backs of her legs. She ran her hand between Madison’s legs, and she felt them open slightly. She rubbed water over the smooth little pussy.

Madison felt her body start to recover as Katie rubbed soap all over her. It felt great and then Katie hugged her. She felt Katie rubbing her body over hers and it felt so good. Katie walked around and hugged her form behind, those wonderful boobs rubbing across her back. She closed her eyes and tried to remember what her life was like a week ago.

Katie washed Madison’s pretty face, removing residue of Aaron. She still saw that in her mind, Madison holding that black cock as it bathed her face in cum. God, that was hot. She shampooed the long dark hair and then rinsed her all over with the handheld. She turned off the water and wrapped the young girl in a towel. They stepped out and she started drying her long hair. She wrapped the hair in a towel and then wrapped herself up.

They walked into Madison’s room and she pulled a t-shirt and panties out. She slipped them on and looked fucking hot as the t-shirt barely covered her panties, leaving you wondering what was behind that cloth. She wrapped her arms around the girl again.

“Feel better now baby?” Katie said in her ear.

“Yes, thank you, that was great. I feel refreshed.” Madison said.

“Good, let me throw on some clothes and go see what our men are doing. Maybe we can watch a movie tonight?” Katie said and walked towards her bedroom, Madison following.

“That would be cool. I have a feeling I will be asleep as soon as I stop moving.” Madison said.

“Yeah, I am sure you are a little tired and you have school tomorrow, yuck.” Katie said.

“Hey, I like school.” Madison said as she watched Katie throw on a t-shirt and panties. Her t-shirt was tight as her boobs pressed against it.

She took Katie’s hand and they walked downstairs and out to the pool area. Aaron and Brad saw them and wondered how their cocks could still react but seeing them in just t-shirts with those legs was fabulous.

“Hey boys, we are very tired, we vote for easy food and falling asleep to a movie.” Katie said.

“Sounds good to me.” Brad said.

“I have to go and get some stuff done if I am going to be ready to transport princess in the morning. What time do you need to go in the morning, sweetie?” Aaron said and stood.

“Regular time is fine. I need you to pick me and Sam up after school so I can get to the office for 5:00 tomorrow.” Madison said.

“Ok, that will work. I will see you guys then. Have a great night.” Aaron said and then felt small arms wrap themselves around his waist.

“You have a good night too.” Madison said, her face buried in his belly.

“Thank you, sweetie.” He said and rubbed her head.

She pulled back and Aaron walked away.

“So, what do you guys want to eat?” Brad said.

“Pizza.” Madison answered immediately.

“You are going to turn into a pizza.” Brad said.

“Yep.” She said and he laughed.

“Ok, I will order it.” He said and Madison clapped.

Madison walked back over to her lounge and laid down; Katie followed. She looked over at Katie.

“It will be weird to not be here when daddy comes back.” Madison said.

“Yes, it will.” Katie said and felt her throat tighten up.

“I can’t wait for daddy to get back though, I miss him a lot.” Madison said and Katie nodded.

“It will also be strange not having Aaron pick me up in the morning.” Madison said and Katie was silent.

“The bed here is wonderful but I do miss mine.” Madison said and she looked over.

Katie was not looking at her, her head was straight. Madison sat up and looked at her friend. Her eyes were glassy and there were tears running down her cheeks. She hugged her and Katie wrapped her arms around her and held her tight. Madison let Katie hug her for a very long time.

