Adam feels incredibly exposed and vulnerable as he waits for something to happen, unsure of what they’ll do next. He can hear the soft rustling sounds of clothing being removed, and feels an irrational sense of relief at the knowledge that in a few moments they’ll be naked as well. It’s been terribly disconcerting to be so fully exposed to them, while they remain covered.

After a few moments, he feels the smooth heat of Kris body behind him, the gentle strength of Kris’s steadying hands on his hips. His body trembles, partly due to the position he’s in, and partly due to the anticipation of what he knows is going to happen next. Kris’s hands smooth over his thighs, and he hears Kris’s voice, soothing and tender behind him.

“Shhh, it’s all right… relax…”

Kris begins to slowly slide his hands inward, kneading and massaging across Adam’s lower back, thighs, ass, trying to help Adam to obey his gentle words. Despite his misgivings, Adam finds himself surrendering to the pleasure created by Kris’s touch, the tension in his body gradually fading away.

Until Kris presses a finger, cold and slick with lube, against his taut, sensitive hole. Adam jerks away from the intrusion, unaccustomed to it, and bites back a soft cry, suddenly tense and trembling again.

“Easy,” Kris whispers, tracing his fingertip in slow, light circles until Adam begins to relax again. “Easy… not gonna hurt you… easy…”

Gradually, Kris manages to broach Adam’s resistance, first with one finger, then two, until he’s able to slide them slowly in and out with relative ease. He raises his free arm to pull Adam over onto his side, tucking his own body protectively around him as he continues his patient, gentle preparations.

Unfortunately – or fortunately, depending on one’s perspective – this allows Katy access to the front of Adam’s body once more.

And apparently, she’s brought along her box of toys.

Adam flinches when he feels the light raking of a single fingernail around his nipple, swallowing hard as she brings a finger to his lips, choking back a whimper as she suddenly pinches that nipple hard between her thumb and forefinger. A moment later, the pressure of her fingers is nothing compared to a newer, tighter pressure that sends searing sparks of mingled pain and pleasure singing through him.

He’s played enough with sex toys with other partners to recognize the feeling of the clamps she’s just put in place – and the second one that soon follows. Instinctively he tries to pull away from the unceasing, unbearable pressure; but Katy grabs the back of his head, holding him close to her as she grips one of the clamps and twists it slightly.

“Keep still,” she murmurs warningly into his ear. “Unless you want me to get a little more… creative… with where I put these…”

Adam freezes, immediately obedient, a shiver going down his spine at the suggestion in her words – and she releases the additional pressure she was applying. It doesn’t matter much at this point. His nerves are afire with the constant stimulation he’s been feeling, in ever-increasing amounts, for the past hour.

He can’t suppress his groan of pleasure, pain, and need, as Kris finally presses slowly into him from behind. At the same time, he feels a slick, tight heat envelop his throbbing, restrained cock, and realizes that Katy is descending upon him as well. He feels their arms come together around him, surrounding him with the two of them, and though he’s blinded, he can imagine the smoldering intensity of the connection as their eyes meet over his shoulder.

The feeling of fullness, completeness, belonging, intensifies the physical sensations until Adam feels as if he’s going to explode at any moment.

Except – he can’t.

He’s desperate, arching back into Kris and forward into Katy, unsure where or how to move, unsure how to gain what he needs – except he is sure.

Katy’s already made it perfectly clear what it will take.

And at the moment, caught in the ever-intensifying storm the two of them are creating around him – Adam’s not sure how much longer he can resist before surrendering to her demands.

Adam writhes with the mingled pleasure and pain of the double stimulation, Kris behind him and Katy in front. For his lack of experience, Kris seems to know exactly what he’s doing. He adjusts the pace and angle of his thrusts each time, until Adam gasps, his back arching in response as Kris finally comes into contact with the spot inside him that sends fiery sparks shooting up his spine.

Kris’s low, dark chuckle sends a shiver through Adam, and he bites back the words on the tip of his tongue.

Please, please, please…

No, not yet, don’t give in, don’t let them…

He doesn’t expect pleasure from anything Katy does, but she’s very good at what she’s doing now, clenching her inner muscles as she slowly slides up and down his engorged length. Adam doesn’t know whether to pull away or push toward the contact – either contact – and his already hazy thoughts fade away into wordless static, swallowed up in pure sensation.

Throughout the entire act, their hands remain joined against his hip, and he feels them clench together a moment before they both come, riding out the climax together around him while he’s left desperate and longing. The warmth of their still bodies around him is vaguely pleasant, though he can’t focus on it through the aching need they’ve left him with.

Finally, the haze of their completion seems to fade, and they slowly withdraw from him, at the same time. Adam lies there for a few moments as they both rise from the bed, shivering with the sudden rush of cool air against his skin – feeling empty and bereft. He bites down on his lower lip, forcing back the pleading words that want to pour forth.

Once she’s cleaned herself off a little, Katy is first to return to the bed. She lies down beside Adam and gently removes his blindfold. He blinks, adjusting to the light, his vision coming into focus to find her face inches from his. Staring into his wide, glassy eyes, she raises a gentle hand to stroke his cheek. The innocent gesture is deceptive, as a moment later her free hand closes firmly around the base of his cock, her thumbnail tracing excruciating patterns against his skin.

Adam lets out a plaintive moan, turning his head away from her, struggling not to give in. But then, Kris settles behind him again, and a pair of warm, strong hands begin slowly roaming over his body – his back, his ass, his thighs – possessive and dominating, gentle and tender, all at once.

Kris is quietly, certainly, claiming what is his.

Katy’s eyes narrow for a moment on Kris – who is totally unaware of her scrutiny – before meeting Adam’s eyes again. She leans in close to whisper soft and seductive against his ear, her breath sweet and warm against his skin.

“Are you ready to ask nicely for what you need, Adam?”

He’s beyond ready.

“Y-yes,” he whispers, a hitch in his breath as he struggles to speak past the torturous sensations she’s creating. “Please, Katy… please, I n-need…”

“Shhh, that’s good,” she murmurs, a satisfied smirk on her lips. “Good boy. I told you you’d beg me before it was over – and you did…”

“Yeah,” Adam gasps, too needy by this point to care about the humiliation of what he’s been forced to do. “Yeah, I did… please… please…”

But instead of removing the cock ring, Katy takes her hand away from Adam’s throbbing cock, her smile widening when Adam lets out a choked, frustrated whimper of protest.

“Soon,” she assures him softly. “Just… one last thing first…”

She nods knowingly at Kris, who rises from the bed and begins looking through the cardboard box on the nightstand. Adam casts an anxious glance over his shoulder to see what Kris is doing, but Katy’s hand at his cheek firmly directs him back toward her.

“You want him?” she whispers, and his eyes widen at the suddenly dark glimmer in her narrowed blue eyes. “He’s already mine… so it’s a package deal. You want Kris – you’ve gotta keep me happy.” She rises up onto her knees, her back braced against the headboard. Then, she pulls him up with her until he’s kneeling as well, and tugs his head downward slightly by a firm but not painful grip on a handful of his hair, making it perfectly clear what she wants him to do.

“Make me happy enough… and I might agree to let you see my husband again.”

Adam knows exactly what Katy wants from him; but he’s never actually done this before.

He’s not stupid, or pre-pubescent. He knows how this works – in theory. However, his lack of experience in this area makes him nervous and uncertain, not sure he’ll be able to please her, at least without being totally awkward and sloppy about it.

His throbbing, desperate cock reminds him that impressing her with his skill doesn’t really matter so much at the moment.

Her hand runs through his hair, silent encouragement as he tentatively begins. When she lets out a soft moan of pleasure, he knows he’s doing something right, and continues with a little more confidence. He’s not repulsed by her, recognizes the beauty of the feminine form as well as the male; it just doesn’t particularly do anything for him.

Until Katy really starts to respond.

When she gasps under the touch of his mouth, her fingers tightening, trembling, in his hair, Adam can’t help the little satisfied smirk that rises to his mouth. He allows a soft huff of laughter to escape, delighted when she writhes beneath him, moaning in appreciation of the sensation.

In this situation he’s found himself in, this is something that makes him feel powerful, in control – watching and listening and feeling as Katy comes apart around him. She’s spent the entire evening reinforcing to him how much she’s in control, and how much he’s not.

Well, here – Adam is in control.

He barely has a full minute to relish his minor triumph before he feels Kris’s hands on him again from behind – and then, something else. He jerks slightly at the feel of something cool and smooth and decidedly not Kris pressing against the cleft of his ass. He instinctively tries to pull away from it, tries to raise his head, but Katy’s fingers become vises, clutching his hair and holding him down. Her voice is a low, insistent growl through clenched teeth.

“Don’t. You. Dare. Stop.”

Adam knows better by now than to disobey her, so he continues, trying to maintain control as he feels Kris kneeling behind him, his thighs on either side of Adam’s, one hand on his hip, holding him in place as he slides the thick toy slowly inside of him and works it cautiously back and forth.

When Kris’s efforts accidentally glance across Adam’s prostate, he jumps, letting out a stifled cry of shocked pleasure and pain. Kris’s hand instantly begins stroking his hip, soothing him – before deliberately pressing into that particular spot again.

Adam nearly loses control completely at the added stimulation, on top of his already desperate condition. Katy draws his head up sharply, her eyes narrowed, dilated and hazy with need. Her voice is hoarse and desperate as she speaks in a low, threatening tone that leaves no room for argument.

“I swear, if you screw this up now, Lambert, I’ll keep you like this for a week!”

Adam knows that’s an exaggeration.

Hopes it’s an exaggeration.

Quickly forces himself to focus again, unwilling to take the chance that it’s not. He sets to work again, bringing Katy ever closer, moment by moment, to her peak. He groans, unable to hold back a plaintive whine of need when he feels the toy in his ass begin to vibrate at uneven, unpredictable intervals, and decides that Katy isn’t the only evil person in this scenario.

Kris Allen is a sadistic little prick.

Finally, Adam feels Katy’s thighs clench around him, hears her suck in a sharp breath as she comes. He collapses with his face to the mattress as she draws back away from him, his wrists twisting uselessly against their bonds in a mindless attempt to escape the sweet torment Kris is inflicting. After a moment, Katy reaches down and pulls his head up, demanding his attention once more. She leans in close to whisper in his ear, so quietly that Kris can’t hear her pointed, measured words.

“You want him. He wants you. Fine.” Her tone is clear and unmistakable. “You can have each other. But not without me. You got that?”

Adam meets her eyes, momentarily distracted from his physical need by the earnest, troubled, fierce expression in her intent gaze. He understands suddenly why Katy’s felt the need to do this – to prove her dominance, her place in all of this. She wants to be sure that neither he nor Kris underestimates her – that neither of them decides to cast her aside, forgotten in their desire for each other.

He nods slowly, his whispered reply barely a breath. “Yes.”

Katy stands up and looks over Adam’s head at Kris, giving him a single, solemn nod. Then she turns on her heel without another word and strides out of the bedroom, closing the door firmly behind her – and leaving them alone.