The story I am going to tell, is real, and the whole thing took place four years back when I was 18, and on the verge of my puberty age, and hence my desires for intercourse were on peak. Since I have an open mind, I have not changed the names, also, You can give me feedback at My facebook Profile.
My name is Trisha Khare (facebook.com/trisha93). I am now 22 years old. I was born in Noida, Delhi NCR, India. There I studied till 10th class, after which my father was transferred to Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh, as he works in Bank. When I was 17, and was in class 11th, I suddenly started to feel certain type of attraction, during which I would want to Hug something tightly, and that urge got increased every time I was around a guy. Off course I knew about sex by then due to discussions with friends about it, but I never had any experience by then, and I was trying not to have either, before marriage at least as that's kind of tradition in India. But my urge and desire was too much, and took the better of me. Hence this is about how I lost my virginity.

	I lived in a colony which had all duplex homes only, was built by builders and hence all the homes were similar and had a well-planned structure of whole colony. I was studying in class 11th and I travelled to school and back by School bus. I neither was, nor am, interested in commitments of relationships. I like my freedom and like my life as it is. I do not want a person to tell me what I can do and what I can't.  Hence even though most of my class mates were in relationship, I wasn't. Most of them lost their virginity to their boyfriend or girlfriend. Some of my friends would talk about it, and my urge would increase and when it would reach peak, I would get hell wet, by the way they describe how it happened. They always insisted that I should try it on. I have a perfect figure, bright skin, nice face-cut so I was like one of the most popular girl in entire school.
	I wanted to experience sex, but I wasn't sure and was waiting for the right moment probably. Then there was a dance competition. I was always into dancing, I love it. In that competition, I had a partner who was a younger guy. His name was Sagar. He was in class 10th. He was cute, innocent and shy. I always enjoyed having him with me as he would never see me in the eye, as he was shy. He would just answer whatever is asked to him, and would never bring out any topic himself, in fear that it may not be a good one. I understood this because he hesitated in even asking for small and silly things that others would hit right away. In the dance practices, we initially talked only about dance and the competition. But later, one day, he was sad. I could see through him as he was not at all good at hiding emotions. I asked him about what the matter was, and it was some dispute. I couldn't help him in it anyway, but I took his side and said that he was right on his part. This opened him to me and there forth we started to talk about personal life as well. He had no girlfriend as he was too shy for that. 
	During the dance competition, there were several steps in which we were almost on top of each other. Our body rubbed against each other, and the feeling was so amazing that I can't explain. In the last steps of dance, the boy had to go on back side of girl and put his hands on her waists, and stand close. While practicing those steps, He would get turn on as I could feel his hard-on touching through my back. He always felt embarrassed whenever that happened, and I would enjoy that.
	The dance competition went through, and our won the competition. But because of the competition, we established good bonds. After the competition, we hanged out with each other during bus and also in park sometimes as we lived at short distance. I always took him as a good friend, and we did become good friends. He got very close to me and would share even small things. 
	One day, I was alone at my home as my parents went to another city as some relative met an accident. They were not going to return before night and it was just noon. I was feeling lonely and bored. I called Sagar on his cell phone, and asked him if he was free. He said he was getting bored so I asked him to come over and we could watch some movie. He came to my house within half an hour. I browsed through the movies I had, and I found the American Pie collection which one of my friend gave me. I knew it was adult comedy movie, but I got certain urge to watch it with him. When I told him about the movie we were going to watch, I expected him to know, as guys are usually talking about all this stuff. But his reaction was as normal as it could be, like he didn't know about it. Well he actually didn't anyway. I started the movie, and there were scenes. He got embarrassed whenever the scenes or dialogues were sexual. I noticed that reaction and asked him what the problem was. He said that he don't understand why people are into all this stuff. I understood that he was so innocent to understand the urge that even he had. We were close by then, so I decided to explain him things. I paused the movie and explained him about the urge. I told him, that both guys and girls have got sexual organs. These organs generate a need to couple with person of other sex, in order to complete itself. Its like the sexual organ of one is half of the sexual organ of other. They are complete only when they are together, and when they are, it provides a certain type of comfort for which people get into all this stuff. He said he couldn't understand properly. I was talking about sex with a guy, and I was already feeling wet within. I didn't know how to explain. I told him that I will explain the meaning of double meaning dialogues there forth. He said all right and we continued the movie. 
In the movie, there was a scene in which a couple was rubbing body against each other. I explained to him that they rub their body as it feels good to do that. I asked him if he would mind me showing it to him and he said "Off course not, I want to understand it , and whats the harm anyway". So I placed my feet over his feet and started to rub them, playing the movie. I kept on rubbing slowly and smoothly. And after couple of minutes I asked him how he was feeling. He said, unexceptionally great. He added "I didn't know it feel so good. I guess it's worth getting into such stuff after all". I smiled on that. I passed a smile on that. Later he started response back, by rubbing my feet. I got so wet I could just jump over him if I didn't have to control. But I controlled anyway. Then suddenly he got a call, from his home, calling him for lunch. He said that he will be back in few minutes, and I told him that I had to take bath anyway so we will continue after he is back. He went for lunch. By that time, I was feeling horny, and I was now in full mood of seducing him. Hence I took the bath, Let my hairs be open and wet, and wore shorts and T-Shirt. Also, I skipped wearing bra.
He returned in some time, like half an hour. By then I was ready to resume, and was willing to seduce him. I wasn't prepared for having anything more than that, or at least I didn't expect it but...Well better to stay on track, and not jump. He came back, and as before, He was wearing a lower, and a shirt. He came in, I locked the door from inside as usual, and we went back to resume the movie. Then we resumed. After about 15 minutes, I told him that I am feeling bit cold. The AC was on, and I had it set on lowest temperature so it was really cold. He asked if he should change the temperature, but I said, "no Its ok, just come and sit closer". He did that. Then he asked me if I mind him rubbing his leg against mine. I said I don't. He placed his foot over my toe. I got turned on at the instant. Then he started rubbing his leg with all over my leg. I could see his erection through his lower, as the outline of his penis could be seen clearly now. He was turned on too. The movie was still going on, but I almost lost track of it. Then I started to moan... "Ahhhhhhhh" when his leg was almost fully over mine. He asked what happened. I said, "I cant tell you but show you. May I ?" He said "Sure". I immediately placed my hand on his lower, between his legs. His penis was now in my hand. I squeezed it. He moaned out lour "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaah". I asked him, "You get it ?" He said "Yes, it feels....amazing. I never had this feeling ever. Please don't remove your hand" I told him "I wouldn't even if you ask". Then I squeezed his penis even harder, and I kissed him on his neck. Then I started to lick his neck, and keep going up towards his lips while squeezing his penis through his lower. He was just moaning " ah ah aaah aah ah ", in low voice. Then I sucked his lower lip. His erection was getting tighter now, and harder. Then I sucked his upper lip. He responded back by sucking my lower lip. Then he entered his tongue inside my mouth. Then he licked all around inside of my mouth. Then He started kissing me, starting from my lips, in opposite order from where I came through. He was a quick learner, as he kissed on my lips, then sucked them for a while, almost making me totally wet. He placed his hand in between of my legs and kept rubbing there while kissing. Then he kissed at my cheek, then neck. He started licking over my neck and shortly, my entire neck of front side, was wet with his saliva and I was enjoying it up to extent I can't possibly explain. 
I was now willing to just cross every damn limit. I knew I had to have him inside me. I entered my hand inside his lower, through his underwear, and held his dick. I was getting nasty. I started jerking it off and his moan got louder and longer.  "aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah".
I was rubbing it aggressively, and I am sure it would be paining to him. Holding dick for the first time felt so.... Amazing that I was not willing to let it go, but I wanted it inside me even more. I asked him If he want to see what's under my T-Shirt. He said "I couldn't wait anymore". I stood up, and held his hand, from one hand. My other hand was still holding his dick, tightly. Then I asked him to come to my room along with me. Then I started smooching him and took him to my room. There I asked him to remove my top. He did as I told him. I started unbuttoning his Shirt, and took it off. He was wearing a black innerwear. I asked him to throw it away, and he did that right away. I started rubbing off my boobs through his hairy chest, and I was getting the greatest pleasure of my life. I pulled him towards me and felt on bed. He was right over me. He continued rubbing his chest through my boobs and we started smooching each other. I took a pause, and asked him to suck my breasts. He immediately went down, and started sucking my boobs as a baby sucks his mother's. I placed my leg between his legs, and started rubbing his erected penis with my knee. He started sucking even harder. Then I asked him to unpant himself. He hesitated, so I pushed him, and asked him to lie on bed. I held his dick tightly, and he almost cried out of pain "Aaaaouch" but I didn't let go. I turned him towards bed and pushed him. Then I was over him. I went towards his lower and pulled it down. His underwear was the only wall between me and my virginity taking tool. I placed my lips over the outline of his dick on his underwear. I started rubbing my face on it. He started to moan out of pleasure "aaaawwwwwwwwww aaaaaaaaah ah aaaaaaaaaaah "but I didn't stop. Then I took down his underwear, and his fully erected dick was right out there. There were very tiny hairs on it. He probably shaved them only a few days back.  I immediately took it inside my mouth. Its taste was salty, and I started licking it with my tongue within my mouth. He was moaning even harder. I then took it out, and started licking his balls, while jerking off his penis through my hands. He held my head through my hairs, and started pushing my head inside his dick. The smell of it was more seductive. Then out of nowhere, he asked me that he want to return that favour. He asked me to stop. I didn't let his penis go and was still sucking over it. But he forced me to stop, and came over me. Then he started licking my boobs again, and by hands, he started to unbutton my shorts. He threw away his own pant and underwear which were at his feet then, and took of my shorts too. My underwear was still there. He started licking my stomach, and moved towards my pussy. Then he started pushing his nose inside my pussy. I was moaning like hell." AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAah AAAhaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah." He then took my underwear down, and started licking through the hairs. I asked him " Inside, in the middle inside, I want your tongue to lick my cunt. Eat it. Suck it plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz" He moved there, and I held his head through my hands and started pushing his head inside my pussy. His hands were now on my boobs and squeezing them. He asked him "I thought you didn't know about sex... I took you for innocent". He replied "I have heard about it. I felt it disgusting until now". I told him that I am glad. Then I was totally out of control. I asked him "Fuck me now. Fuck me as if this is the last moment of your life". He asked me what did I mean. I assumed that he didn't know the meaning of the word. That felt strange but I was in no condition to think over it. So I explained, enter your fucking penis inside me now. He said "Oh, ok but are you sure ? I heard it pains and bleeds......""" I interrupted " Stop talking and just do it" He replied "Okay ". He came over me, and started positioning his dick to enter my pussy. He first rubbed it over the outline of my pussy, rubbed around and started probing. I immediately held his head and pulled to suck his lips. Immediately I felt intense pain deep inside my pussy and stomach. His penis was now getting inside me, I could feel its movement inside me. The more painful it was, the same level of pleasure and enjoyment there was.  The half of bedsheet was having blood spilled over it but none of us cared. He was now inside me completely. But in the pain, my teeth chewed his lips. I was still in pain and knowing what I did, I whispered all I could "Sorry". He kept his penis in that position for some seconds, and kept licking my lips even after pain on his own lips. Then I asked him to start jerking his penis in and out. He said that It will cause more pain. I said to just do it. He started doing that. He took it out and entered it again. I felt pain again, lesser and enjoyed more. He entered fully again, and waited after fully inside for a few seconds, and then again took it out. I asked him to do it faster. He started stroking his penis in and out of my pussy, faster. I started to enjoy it. After about 4-5 strokes, he started to storke so fast, I couldn't even track movements of his penis. I kept moaning " ah ah ah aah aah ah aah ah aah aaaah aah ah ah aah aaa ha ah aah" and he kept fucking me hard and harder. That went for around 15 minutes.
Then he got tired and his speed decreased but I couldn't take it, so I pushed him side way, and went over him. Then I was over him. I started hopping over him and This was my first time and I was so excited, My speed was even more than his own. He started moaning as much as I was. It went for 10 minutes, but then he wanted to take the lead. He asked me to come down. We moved and he was over me again. Since we were merely turning sides, his dick didn't leave my pussy while those turns. He started fucking me again, and this time he was hopping over me. He was literally drilling inside me. I felt like all my insides were gonna come out. Then Finally he came, his cum I could feel all inside me. But I wasn't done yet but he stopped hopping, however his dick was still inside me. We waited in that position for about half an hour. His dick was fully inside me, and we were breathing heavily. We didn't say a word during that time. Then I asked him, "Wanna do it again" and he said "cant wait anymore" and started drilling me again. This time, his strokes were more harder, and slower but deeper. I was coming out. I started whispering "deeper....deeper...more deeper...please more deep and faster.....faster" and his speed was raising. Suddenly I came out. Then I pushed him and his dick left my pussy. But he was still turned on. I went over his dick and started sucking it. After a few strokes, I couldn't do it with my mouth so I stopped sucking and started stroking it with my hands. After about 30 strokes, he cummed again. Then I lied next to him. He came over me, and entered his penis inside me. I asked him what he is doing and he said, he don't want to let the moment go, and the feeling is amazing and he doesnot know when again will he get the chance.
Since even I was feeling great about it, I let him keep it that way. We lied there for about an hour in that position. Then I told him that he should go home now. We both were tierd so he agreed. He asked "Will we ever do it again "and I told him "definitely ". We did have sex again, and that was even better because we were not alone that time. That story is for any another day. Do write to me at my email : trishakhare17@gmail.com and add me on facebook.
