I had just arrived in this quaint, romantic costal town. Other than making myself a dinner reservation I had no agenda or plan, just some much needed time to myself. I needed to get away from way to much reality at home. Just being here was a fantasy fulfilled. Ah, freedom.
I had some time so I decided to do a little window-shopping and then have dinner at sunset overlooking the ocean. There were quite a number of interesting, busy little shops specializing in antiques, artwork and all kinds of touristy things.
I thoroughly enjoyed slowly browsing and people watching. I couldn't help but notice the young couples who seemed to enjoy being together and of course a number of very attractive men. I allowed myself to get just a little aroused. It seemed that if I saw a particularly handsome man some clinging woman would appear. "Damn, the best ones are always taken," I'd think. Lucky girls. Nonetheless I chatted with a number of people, men and women, and everyone was open and friendly.
I saw an outfit that I really loved and although I wasn't planning to buy anything the store clerk talked me into trying it on. She said that if I liked it I should wear it out to dinner. The texture of the material was exquisite. It was a medium length artistically colored skirt and a coordinated, very pretty but slightly too revealing blouse. I stripped to the skin and changed. It was soft and sumptuous. I was sold. Normally I wouldn't go anywhere with no underwear but I was a million miles from anyone who might know me. I felt sexy and free. Good therapy I figured for someone like me who had too many responsibilities, inhibitions and a prim and proper reputation back at home. No one would ever know. I loved the smooth caressing looseness, the freedom and the occasional stimulating breath of air on my naked skin as I moved. Sexy, not like me normally, but you have to yield to impulse sometimes in your life. I liked it. I allowed myself to get a little more aroused. I came out of the dressing room and the clerk ooohed and ahhhed over how I looked.
"You need something though," she said as she led me over to the jewelry.
She showed me several pieces when an attractive man about my age said, "This would look great on you."
She wholeheartedly agreed. It was a matching necklace and bracelet set and at the right price. I thanked them both and proceeded to pay for my newfound treasures. When I left the cash register the gentleman was gone. Too bad.
I dropped my old clothes off in a beach locker. A number of shops later it was time for dinner. It was crowded but I got seated relatively quickly and found myself as planned at a tiny table in the corner with an absolutely beautiful view. I brought a glass of wine from the bar leaned back and just relaxed. It would take a while to get served.
It wasn't too long though when an attractive gentleman tapped me on the shoulder, "Excuse me, I wonder if I might join you? I didn't make a reservation and I might just starve to death if you don't take pity on me." He was filling my glass from a freshly opened bottle of my favorite wine.
As he began to speak I realized and then said enthusiastically, "You are…"
He interrupted, "I like your necklace, it matches your outfit perfectly."
"…the man from the shop." I finished. He smiled and nodded. How did he know what I was drinking?
I continued, "Well, with your taste in jewelry --and wine --and with a line like that how could I refuse? You'd better have a seat before you pass out." He had the most gorgeous eyes.
Playing with my necklace I thanked him for his help and good taste. He told me that he was sure I would look awesome in any outfit. I laughed and then told him of my wonderful afternoon. We had many similar interests and agreed which were the best shops. We even agreed on which pieces of art we would like to own.
I was sitting forward in my seat when he extended his hand and introduced himself as Jack. His big hand was warm, strong and sure. I held on longer than I needed to and introduced myself too. I reluctantly let go. I began to feel a pleasant feeling throughout my body and my nipples started to swell as my silky smooth blouse glided against their firm prominence.
The wine and our conversation flowed. The service was slow but the sun was setting and we didn't care. This evening too was one of those evenings that could have been born in my long denied fantasies. The setting, his mannerisms, his wit, sense of humor and his smile were captivating. Somehow he knew how to push all of the right buttons. I lost myself in his charms. He was so at ease and even though we talked about the water, boats, clouds and colors I felt like I was the only person that mattered to him. As we talked I began to have longing thoughts. I would love to walk the beach with him breathing in the fresh ocean breeze, enjoying the stars --and maybe more. I encouraged and enjoyed his gaze into my blouse when I occasionally leaned a little too far forward to make a point or to touch his hand. It was electric for me. I felt a pleasant tension bubbling up from deep within my pelvis. Teasing myself I brazenly opened my legs to him, fully exposed, though he couldn't see me below the table. Then, crossing my legs strategically and moving precisely I slowly stimulated myself. I reluctantly stopped when, well, I just had to.
We ate slowly and then sat chatting for quite a while. When we were ready to go he paid the bill. I insisted, at least, on leaving the tip and put down more than I needed to. He said, "You're very generous."
I replied that I was in "a very generous mood."
"Well, then, let me take advantage of your generosity." He raised an eyebrow. "Say yes to a walk on the boardwalk with me."
I replied, "OK smooth talker." He had an endearing laugh.
"A quick stop first?"
"Good idea." I went into the ladies room and did my business but before I got up I rubbed my clit just a little. I was wet, swollen and pleasantly sensitive.
When I came out Jack was leaning against a column facing away from me. He was tall, a nice height, broad shoulders, tapered waist and good god what a sumptuously shaped butt.
When he saw me he smiled and extended his arm. I grasped his elbow holding him firmly between my hand and my breast. He had a beautiful little smile.
The breeze was only slightly chilly but a serious shiver went through me when it blew up my skirt onto my naked, quite wet by now, pussy. Jack insisted on buying me a wrap. There wasn't a lot of choice but we did find a nice Indian blanket. I was warmer but little did he know that my goose bumps were not from the cold and I needed to be warmed in a very different way. I was actually getting hot as I clung tightly to him. I pushed my sensitive braless breasts against his arm and hoped that he was beginning to want to get closer to me too. He discretely pushed back like he was trying to keep me warm.
The time flew by and we found ourselves way outside of town and far down the beach. There wasn't a person or a light to be seen. He suggested, "Why don't we have a seat and watch the stars."
"I'd love to." I eagerly agreed.
"Oh, your new outfit. You shouldn't sit on the sand." He said with concern.
I had an idea. Grabbing his hand I led him to a hidden spot between some trees and beach grass. There was only a slight breeze so the temperature was perfect. I spread the Indian blanket on the ground and invited him to sit with me. He laid back and said, "You can see the stars better laying down."
I laid back, my head on his shoulder and his arm around me. I looked at him and he kissed me tentatively.
"You're not looking at the stars." I teased.
"Yes I am." He sincerely replied looking into my eyes.
With a lump in my throat I said, "I can't seem to resist your lines mister," and I embraced his succulent lips. He was a phenomenal kisser. His hands caressed my back and ribs and were slowly moving toward my chest. Damn, he went back to my back. If his kissing weren't so good his slowness would have been torture. I guided his hand to my breast. He gasped saying how wonderful I felt. His touch sent thrills through me and I loved how he appreciated me. I pushed my pelvis against his rock hard erection. Hard, thick and long he felt so good that I was panting in anticipation. I squeezed him through his pants. What a man! It was like my very first time. His hot hand fondled my cool legs and he quickly found my wet and naked pussy. He abruptly stopped kissing, his eyes wide he inhaled, "no panties" and exhaled, "so wet." As he moved down my body my heart sped up. He was right where I needed him to be. His eyes closed as he kissed me intimately and caressed me with his face. After one very long tongue stroke he stopped and looked up at me. "May I?" He implored.
Desperately I gasped, "Yes, please yes." I lifted my pelvis to him.
As he continued I discovered that he had the most miraculous tongue and good god did he ever know how to use it. He parted my lips and hummed as if my juice was the best thing that he had ever tasted. I was in heaven. He was able to do things with his mouth that I didn't think were possible and when he started suckling my swollen clit flesh I knew I would be his forever. When it almost couldn't get any better and at just the right moment he penetrated me with two fingers and stroked me in just the right way. My hands involuntarily cupped my breasts and my fingers pinched my nipples. Suddenly, unconditionally and uncontrollably, I surrendered to my built up urgency. I came and came.
I abruptly pulled his fragrant wet face to mine and still gasping for breath I thrust my tongue deeply into his mouth. My hand pulled his oozing erection into my velvety sheath. I had to feel him inside me. I loved how it felt as the rim of his thick hot cockhead stretched and entered me and as he thrust his ever-widening shaft into my most intimate core. He was made for me and I for him. He fit me so perfectly so tight and so full. I was glad that he wasn't any bigger or smaller. My pelvis reached to greet his powerful thrusts mixing our creamy juices and we were one. Shortly his breathing quickened and I made him cum so forcefully that I could feel him spraying thick torrents of his love into my womb. I was so sensitive, almost there again, so I rolled on top stirring his slick still rock hardness on my ravenous nerve endings. His lips and hot breath teased my neck and my swollen nipples flicked against his firm chest. It was all too much and I came again. I was excruciatingly and wonderfully oversensitive and somehow he knew not to move within me. Lying still, collapsed on his chest I could feel his heart pounding on my breast and also in his cock within me. Our climaxes subsided luxuriously slowly.
When we came back down to earth we lay quietly in each other's arms, our fingertips gently caressing each other's skin.
"I enjoyed being with you tonight my love." He said breaking the silence.
"Me too. I want to fall asleep in your arms." I whispered cuddling a little closer.
"Lets go to bed."
"I don't want to get up yet. I want tonight to last forever" I whined.
He kissed me again. We snuggled and lay there for a while longer. I inhaled the fragrance of our love on his skin. I wanted to remember and relish every detail of this day.
I was content and deeply happy and then too, a little sad. "I don't want to go home tomorrow." I said.
He replied in subdued tone, "Me either. These stars, this fresh air, the sound of the surf and you in my arms …my soul feels so good here." If I could have melted closer into him I would have.
I dozed on and off. Occasionally I enjoyed a little hug or a kiss. When I started to get cold he helped me up.
He whispered, "Time for bed babe."
"I love you Jack."
"I love you too." He said while draping the blanket and his warm arm around my shoulder.
Carrying our clothes he pulled out his keys and we walked the short distance to the beach house that we had rented.
This was the fourteenth anniversary of the day that we first met. We've been happily married for twelve years now and this fantasy date was, for us, the perfect way to celebrate. We cleaned up quickly and slept cozy and naked in each other's arms.