Erica Wins a Vacation
byCMU_Writer©

Erica was your typical small town girl. She was raised in a quiet county setting by a wholesome family. Erica was always a very smart, pretty, girl. In fact all the way through school she continued to blossom and turn into a beautiful young woman. By the time Erica finished college she had turned into a voluptuous beauty that would turn heads on a regular basis. Although for some reason Erica had never settled down yet. She had dated a few guys but had never found Mr. Right yet. Perhaps it was because even though she was very smart she was also a bit ditsy.

After college Erica received a job offer in the city at a large travel agency. She jumped at the chance to get away from the small town life. Erica was finally going to be able to start living her dream. As time went on Erica did quite well at her job. She was able to complete most tasks and was respected by everyone including her boss. The only thing she had to be careful of was the occasional air headed comment or action she would pull off. Erica just seemed to get herself in situations every now and then that the average person could just stay away from.

These air headed moves often caught the attention of some of the traveling salesmen that would occasionally stop by to promote their resort. In fact one individual in particular, Juan from a resort in Mexico, seemed very interested in the young, voluptuous, gullible Erica. In fact over the course of the next six months this individual hatched a plan to have a little fun with her. He told Ms. Erica that he had entered her into a "contest" that his resort was putting on to promote the place. About a month later Erica was contacted by Juan telling her that she had "won" the contest. She had won an all expensive paid vacation to their all-inclusive resort for 10 days. Erica was ecstatic. She had never won anything before. She couldn't believe her luck. She had always wanted to travel the world and her chance was finally here. Although Erica was very excited the average person might have been a bit skeptical. I mean most prizes of that nature would include a vacation for two not just one like Erica had just won. Over the couple weeks Juan worked out the details with Erica and scheduled her vacation. 

Vacation time had finally arrived. Erica was aboard her plane and finally on her way to Mexico. As the flight touched down in Mexico Erica could hardly contain herself. She was so excited about her adventure she was smiling from ear to ear. That excitement soon faded as Erica stood by the luggage carousel waiting for her suitcase. Round and round the belt went. The other passengers walked up grabbed their bags and left. Soon young Erica was the only one left standing there when the carousel stopped. Erica didn't know what to do. She had packed everything in that suitcase. Being an inexperienced traveler she had even packed all of her money, credit cards, cell phone, camera, etc. in that suitcase. She thought she was being so clever. Nobody could mug or steel anything from her in the airport that way. That was a hard lesson to learn. Now all young Erica had left was the $20 of pocket cash, her passport, and the clothes on her back.

What Erica didn't know was that Juan had already put his plan into effect. Juan had a cousin that worked at the airport. This cousin had already sent poor Erica's luggage on a trip to Bangkok, not to be seen again for a long time. Juan found Erica still standing by the luggage carousel. As he approached Erica her eyes widened and she started to smile. Finally someone she could trust was here to help her. Juan escorted Erica over to the service desk and they made a claim for her lost luggage. 

As Juan drove young Erica to the resort she couldn't help but notice that it was a beautiful day outside. The sun was shining. The breeze was warm. It was so much nicer that the cold weather she had just left. Even though Erica had lost her luggage she was still in a beautiful place. On the ride over Erica explained to Juan how she had everything in her suitcase and didn't know what she was going to do. Juan couldn't believe how well his plan was working. Although it was his overall plan, Juan never dreamed that Erica would be in trouble so fast. He was beside himself with joy.

Juan helped Erica check in at the front desk. As the check in process was going on Juan went into the back room and emerged with the "lost and found" box. What Erica didn't know was that Juan had previously went through this box and prepared it for her arrival. Juan gave the box to Erica and told her she could sort through it in her room and she was welcome to use any of the items she wished. Juan explained to Erica that everything in the box was laundered and they keep it around for just such emergencies. 

Erica was still concerned about not having any money or credit cards. Juan explained to her that this was an all-inclusive resort and she would not need any money unless she decided to leave the resort. He explained to her that as part of the package she won they had even booked her on a few excursions and somebody would be available in the lobby tomorrow to explain which excursions she won. A little while later Erica found her suite. Exhausted from her travels she collapsed on the bed and took a nap.

About an hour later Erica woke up. She opened the curtains on her patio door. Her suite was a ground level room with an ocean view. She looked at the water and immediately decided to go for a swim. Then she remembered her bathing suit was in her suitcase. She then walked over to the lost and found box and started to rummage through. 

Being a small town girl from a fairly strict family, Erica had only worn a one piece bathing suit. As she looked through this box all she could find for suits were one pink bikini and one white bikini. Neither one looked quite her size but close. Erica decided she needed to make the best of her situation. She reached for the pink bikini and headed to the bathroom to shower and change.

Erica emerged from the bathroom. The pink bikini was a tad on the small side. It covered everything sufficiently but the strings on the bottom where tight as well as the top. As she looked into the mirror she couldn't believe what she saw. Standing in the mirror was a new woman. A pink bikini clad goddess. Even though this suit was even much smaller than her underwear which she had just removed, she decided nobody really knew her here anyways and she just needed to make the best of it. So much had happened in the last couple hours she hadn't even taken time to think about it. Erica decided there was no time like the present, so she grabbed a towel and headed out the door.

As Erica approached the beach she was turning a lot of heads. The bikini top did not offer too much support. Her breasts were swaying gentling as she walked down the beach. This was a new feeling she had never experienced before. She was finally starting to have a good time. Maybe this vacation is going to turn out OK after all. 

After her walk when Erica arrived back at her room she noticed that the housekeeping staff had already been there. They had turned her bed down for the night and cleaned up her room. As she went into the bathroom to change she also noticed that the clothes she had taken off in the bathroom were no longer there. The housekeeping staff must have picked them up with her towels. Now all she had left was what in the "Lost and Found" box, even the $20 she had was gone because it was in the pocket of her shorts she was wearing when she arrived. What was she going to do?


Erica Wins a Vacation Ch. 02

Erica took a few minutes to compose herself. She then walked over to the "Lost & Found" box to actually check it contents. She grabbed the box and dumped it out on the bed. As she sorted through the pile and took inventory of the clothes she found that she had two tank tops, one little island sun dress, and the two bikinis. That was it. She just stood at the foot of her bed staring at this little pile of clothes wondering how she was going to get herself out of this situation. She had no money to go shopping for clothes, she couldn't even call home for help because her cellphone was in her suitcase and the only other guest phone was the payphone in the lobby that she had no money to use. Her only hope was that her suitcase would show up soon and save her. What she didn't know was that Juan's cousin had sent her suitcase on a flight to Thailand and it would be days before there was even a chance it would get back to her. 

A couple of minutes later Erica heard a knock on her door. As she opened up the door she found Juan. Juan told her he was just checking in on her to see how her first day at the resort was going. Erica explained to Juan that her clothes were gone. He tried to act surprised, although it was actually he who had removed the clothes after the housekeeping staff had left. Juan explained to Erica that housekeeping must have accidentally picked them up and he promised her he would do some homework to try find out what happened. Although during this conversation Juan could not help but notice how beautiful Erica looked standing there in the little pink bikini that he had hand selected for before her arrival. His plan was really starting to come together.

As Juan left the room Erica went over to the patio and walked out to enjoy the view. She was definitely getting tired from her travels but just wanted to enjoy this beautiful setting one more time before she turned in for the night. As Erica was sitting in one of the lounge chairs on her patio she heard some commotion from the room next door. Just then a couple of young guys who looked to be just out of high school walked out from behind the little wall separating their patios. Once these guys noticed Erica, they made a bee line right over to her to say Hello and to get a close up look of this beauty in the pink bikini. Erica immediately thought these young guys were obnoxious. She noticed that they could not even make eye contact were her when they spoke. All they could do was stare at her chest. She just wanted to get away from them as quickly as she could so she excused herself and went back into her room, quickly shutting the door and blinds. 

Erica was really exhausted now and decided it was time for bed. Then another thought came to her mind. What was she going to sleep in tonight? Her entire life she has always slept in some sort of nightgown. That wasn't an option here since she didn't have any. She looked at the little pile of clothes and thought about wearing one of the tank tops. Then something came over young Erica. She had always wanted to sleep naked but never had the courage before. Although nobody else was there and nobody could see her, she still felt quite naughty as she removed her bikini and stood I the middle of her room totally naked. Erica climbed into the bed. The sheets felt so cold and fresh on her naked body. This was another new experience for her. All her worries just seem to fade away as she fell asleep.

The next morning as Erica awoke, she felt totally refreshed. For one quick minute she thought that the previous day was actually just a bad dream. Then looked over and saw the "Lost and Found" box and quickly realized in was no dream. Although as young Erica lay naked in the bed she decided that she needed to quit feeling sorry for herself and just enjoy this vacation. After all she was at a beautiful resort and there was no reason not to have the time of her life. 

Erica got out of bed and walked over to the patio door. Still naked she pulled the blinds back just enough to stick her head out to see what it looked like outside. The sun was shining, the beach had quite a few people on it already, and it was just a beautiful day. Erica quickly pulled her head back in and decided it was time to get showered and head down to get some breakfast.

After her shower Erica looked at her little pile of clothes and decided that since she wore the pink bikini yesterday that her only option was the white one today. As she put on this bikini she realized that it was even smaller than the one she wore yesterday. The bottoms seem to fit fine, but she really had the work at getting the strings on her top tied. Once she was situated she walked over to the mirror to check herself out. She couldn't believe what she saw. She had never in her life worn anything like this before. The bottoms of her breast were visible since the top was kind of on the small side. Although she had seen girls on the beach wearing smaller bikinis yesterday this was still a stretch for her. The material did not seem very thick either. 

In fact she could even see her nipples starting to poke through the fabric. She was having a very hard time seeing herself leaving the room wearing this outfit. Then Erica looked over at her little pile of clothes and realized that she could put one of the tank top tops on over her suit. As she put the top on she started to feel better about herself. The tank top was a little on the large side. It came down about halfway down her butt and the arm holes were quite large, in fact they hung down about halfway down her side. In her mind this was still an improvement from just the bikini so she headed out for breakfast.

After breakfast Erica decided to head over to the activities desk and see which ones were included in her package. She was pleasantly surprised to see that they had included quite a few activities for her. She was given a jungle tour/zip line adventure, spa treatment, sailing/snorkeling trip, and a para sailing adventure. She worked with the gentlemen at the desk and scheduled all her activities. Erica started to get excited again. Maybe this vacation was going to turn our OK after all.

Erica was still feeling stressed out from her travels so she decided to schedule her spa treatment first. She had set it up for right after lunch today. She couldn't wait. Since she had some time to kill before her spa treatment she decided to head down to the beach for a while. As Erica was walking down the beach she noticed that a few of the other women had on bikinis that were as revealing but not as many as she remembered the day before. Never the less she was determined to enjoy her vacation. The beach was starting to fill up but she managed to find an empty lounger and sit down. Erica was still in turmoil about removing her tank top. She had never worn something so revealing before let alone wearing it at a public beach. After another minute or two Erica finally decided that she was not a small town hick, but rather a worldly city girl. She needed to quit worrying about the little things and just enjoy her vacation. She reached for the bottom of the tank top and pulled it over her head. 

Butterflies where racing through Erica's tummy. She couldn't believe what she just did. She tried her hardest to pretend this was a normal thing for her, but she was sure that the nervousness was showing through, as well as her nipples which were poking through the thin fabric of her bikini top. Never the less Erica placed the tank top over the back of her chair and lay down to enjoy the sun. It was so relaxing on the beach with the waves gentling splashing Erica soon fell asleep in her chair. After a little nap, Erica heard some noises which woke her up. As she opened her eyes she was quite surprised to see the two neighbor boys she had met last night taking pictures of her with their cell phone. Once they noticed she had woken up they pulled up a couple chair on each side of her and sat down. Erica didn't really like this situation to much but there wasn't much she could do. It was a public beach and she had decided to wear that bikini. 

All Erica could think of was how she wanted to get away from these boys. They were so forward with her and she didn't like it. They kept telling her how hot her body was and how much they liked her bikini. The entire time they were around her they couldn't help but stare at her chest. They made her feel very uncomfortable. Erica knew she needed to get out of there so she stood up and hurried away. She also knew it must be getting close to the time of her spa treatment anyways. Erica hadn't walked to far up the beach before she realized in her hast to leave that she had forgotten her tank top on the back of her chair. She decided that she would rather live without it as opposed to going back over the boys again. The farther Erica walked down the beach she began to regret her decision to abandon her shirt. She could feel her breasts swaying and bouncing in this thin bikini as she walked. She just knew that she must be putting on quite a show. Since there was nothing she could do she just continued down the beach towards the spa.

As Erica approached the spa she was surprised to see Juan there. She was also feeling somewhat embarrassed about him seeing her in this bikini. This was the only person who knew her outside this resort, but there was nothing she could do so she just tried to smile and look normal. Juan greeted Erica and walked her into the spa. He explained to her that they had schedule the deluxe treatment for her. Juan told her that this was actually a very expensive package and they wanted her to feel better since she had had so many problems on her trip so far. He told her that her package included her nails, toes, full body massage, and mud bath treatment. It all sounded wonderful to Erica so she anxiously walked in. After her fingers and toes were complete Erica had to wait for massage room to open up. It wasn't long before a room opened and she was escorted in. As Erica was being escorted in, she told this girl that this was her first massage. The girl just smiled and explained the process to her. She told her that she needed to remove her bikini, put on the robe that was hanging on the wall, and lay face down the table placing her face through the hole in the table. 

She was also told her masseuse would be in shortly. Erica was slightly taken back by the fact she was supposed to remove her bikini. She didn't really know what to think of this but she also figured it must be part of the normal process. Besides she would have a nice robe to cover up with which would provide a lot more coverage than the bikini she was wearing. Erica followed her directions. She removed the bikini and put the robe on. What she did notice and thought was kind of strange was that this robe did not have a belt. She had to hold it shut to keep from exposing herself. Erica soon climbed on the table and lay down. A few minutes later she heard the door open and then shut. Erica was very surprised when she heard a man's voice greet her Hello. 

This was something that she was not expecting this at all. Erica had assumed that since she was a woman that they would have a woman doing the massage. With her face through the hole she could not see anything but the legs of this man. Erica didn't know how to act or what to do. The masseuse quickly introduced himself as Antonio. After a little small talk he reached for the collar of the robe and began to pull it off Erica. Erica was frozen solid. She didn't know what to do. As she laid face down on the table she felt the robe come completely off her leaving her lying totally naked in front of a complete stranger. She was so shocked she couldn't even speak. A few seconds later Antonio began his massage. 

As Erica lay naked on the table she felt the massage oil being dumped on her back. The massage felt really good, but she still couldn't believe that she was lying naked in front of a complete stranger. Very few people in this world had even seen her naked before let alone a strange man she had just met a few seconds before. Antonio was actually a very good masseuse and was doing a very thorough job but Erica was just having a very hard time enjoying her treatment. All she could think about was how embarrassed she was and how could she get her clothes back on before anybody else seen her. What she didn't know was that Juan had previously arranged this massage. The normal procedure for a massage was to cover the person with a towel when you remove the robe but Erica was denied this information. Since she had never had a massage before she just assumed it was normal. 

As the massage went on Erica was starting to get used to Antonio seeing her naked backside. In fact she was finally starting to relax and really enjoy his work. Then in a few short moments Erica was snapped back to reality. She couldn't believe what she just heard. The words that just came out of Antonio's mouth caused a severe panic to race through Erica body. In his most casual voice Antonio informed Erica that he was complete with her backside and it was time for her to roll over on her back so he could finish up. Erica didn't know what to say. She just continued to lie on her stomach. No way was she going to roll over completely naked in front of this strange man. Antonio could sense her reluctance and asked her if something was wrong and if she was not enjoying her massage. Erica just didn't know what to do. She did not want to offend Antonio, but she also did not want to expose her naked body to him. She was totally lost and confused on what to do. 

Finally Antonio spoke up and asked Erica to roll over again. He explained to her that if he didn't finish the massage he wouldn't get paid, he would get in trouble, and could possibility lose his job. Now poor Erica had a new dilemma. Antonio was so nice, she didn't want to get him in trouble, but once again she didn't want to expose her naked body to him. The panic continued to race through her veins. Finally in a moment of weakness Erica began to roll over. She couldn't believe what she was doing. It was almost like she had no control over her body. Her mind was telling her to lie still but for some reason she couldn't help herself. A few seconds later she was lying on her back completely naked. This was the first time she saw Antonio's face and the large smile he had on it. 

Erica just lay still on the table as Antonio continued his work. She couldn't even open her eyes. She just lay frozen on the table waiting for this to be over. Finally Antonio started a conversation with Erica. She had no choice now. She was forced to open her eyes and look him straight in the face. She couldn't believe the situation she was in. She never dreamed in a million years that she would be lying completely naked on a table in the middle of a room with a strange man she had only meet minutes before. As Antonio continued to work over her oil covered body they conversed for quite a while. Antonio made a special point to look Erica directly in the eyes as he dumped some oil on her large breasts and began to gently massage them. Antonio could feel Erica's body tense up as he began to rub and massage her breasts. Erica went silent. She couldn't believe that she was allowing this strange man to caress her breast this way. In her mind she justified it as being part of the massage, but in reality this was just another part of Juan's plan. He had previously given Antonio permission to do whatever he thought he could get away with. 

Once Antonio finished massaging Erica's breasts he continued to work his way down her body. This process had caused Erica to now go completely silent. She hadn't said a work since he had first touched her breast. As Antonio started to massage her stomach and work his way down her body he could feel Erica start to tense up again. The closer he got to her hips the more the muscles started to tighten up. Finally Antonio grabbed his bottle of oil and dumped a liberal amount directly at the base of her stomach causing the oil to run down her side and down between her legs. He then started to massage her hips and thighs. As Antonio continued he ran his hands higher and higher each time up her thighs until he finally came in contact with her perfectly smooth mound. Antonio caressed her mount like an expert. Erica was shocked. It was like a bolt of electricity had hit her body but she didn't know what to do. How could she continue to let this complete stranger touch her in areas that private? This shock did not slow down Antonio at all. He took the lack of reaction as a green light to continue his work. He gently continued to massage her most private areas. A few times Antonio even allowed his finger to ever so slightly touch her pussy. This touch was always just enough to keep Erica wondering if it was an accidental touch or if it was part of the massage. Either way Antonio never stopped his work and never changed his expression. 

Finally Antonio told her that he was done with the massage. These words were like magic to her. It was like a huge weight was lifted off her shoulders. She could finally get her body covered back up and the embarrassment would be over. Then she heard something that crushed her spirits again. Antonio pointed her towards the shower and told her to go wash the oil off so he could get her in the mud bath. Erica just looked at him in disbelief. Not only has he seen her completely naked now she was supposed to go shower in front of this strange man. What could possibly be next?


Erica Wins a Vacation Ch. 03

Antonio walked the naked, oil covered Erica over to the shower. He opened up and held the door for her like she was walking into a restaurant. Erica just looked over her should at her clothes that were piled up on the floor. They seemed so closed yet so far away. Erica had never showered with or in front of anybody her entire life and this shower offered no protection. Even the door was a clear glass so Erica had no choice but wash the oil from her body with her new audience. Antonio didn't seem to mind the show at all. He just stood by the door waiting for her to finish. The entire time he was standing there he was watching every move Erica made. He was also holding a conversation with Erica but she was so flustered and nervous that she had no idea what was even said. All she could think about was her clothes lying on the floor and how she could get them back on. 

Erica made pretty quick work of her shower. She just wanted this to be over so she could get dressed again. Once she finished up with her shower Antonio opened the shower door again. Antonio pointed young Erica over to the mud bath. It was a large tub sunken into the floor. It was filled with a brown colored mud. Antonio explained to Erica that she needed get into the bath and soak for at least 10 to 15 minutes. Once that was done they would put her into an oven that would bake the mud into a crust all over her body. He also explained that this treatment was supposed to was supposed to be wonderful for your skin. Erica actually liked this idea. For one she would be able to be completely covered in the mud hiding her body and she also like the idea of replenishing her skin. Erica quickly made her way the mud bath and hopped right in. A wave of relief washed over young Erica's body. This was the first time in over an hour that she had her naked body out of sight. It was like just heaven. As Erica was enjoying her bath Antonio excused himself and left room. Now Erica was truly alone. She finally felt at peace. 

This relief didn't last too long. Shortly after Antonio left the room Juan walked in. He walked right over to young Erica and asked her how she was enjoying her spa. Once again Erica didn't know what to do. Did Juan know she was naked in this tub? She knew Juan couldn't see anything because she was buried in mud to her neck but she still felt very uncomfortable being this close to him when she was naked. Once again she looked over to her pile of clothes. They still seemed so close but so far away. I a few minutes as Antonio entered the room Juan excused himself and left. Antonio told Erica that it was time to get out of the tub and into the oven. Erica started to get that sick feeling in her stomach again. She was feeling so comfortable buried in the mud and out of sight. But that time was no over and it was time for her to move on. Erica slowly forced herself to stand up in the tub. She knew Antonio was watching every move she made finally she was standing on the floor completely naked again. As she walked over to the oven she passed by a mirror. She looked at her reflection she was pleasantly surprised to see that the mud was covering everything quite well. You could definitely see the outline of him most private parts but at least the mud was offering some form of coverage. 

The oven looked very similar to a tanning bed. The only difference was that it had two doors. As she lay down in the bed Antonio shut the first door which covered her from waist down. He instructed her to place her arms at her side then he shut the door which covered from her waist to her neck. Erica really enjoyed this treatment. She was completely covered and out of sight. The oven felt warm on her body as the mud baked away. She was once again in heaven. Antonio told her that she needed to stay in there for about 30 minutes. He excused himself and left the room. As promised Antonio returned in about 30 minutes to let Erica out of the oven.

After a couple minutes of conversation Antonio started to fiddle with the lock on the oven door. Erica could see by the expression on his face that something was wrong. Panic started to build inside young Erica again. After Antonio struggled with the door for a couple more minutes Erica finally got the courage up to ask him if something was wrong. Antonio started to apologize and told her the something was wrong and he could not get the lock open to release her. Erica went into full blown panic now. She was locked totally naked in this box. She was totally helpless. Once again what Erica didn't know was that Juan had rigged the locks on the oven door so that they would jamb up once they were shut. This was all part of his plan. Antonio explained to young Erica that he was going to have to go get help to get these doors open. Erica watched him leave the room. What was she supposed to do?

A short while later Antonio returned to the room with a maintenance guy in tow. The bottom of Erica's stomach dropped out. She knew that she was totally naked inside this box. She also knew that she was trapped and needed help getting out. She wondered what would happen next. As bad as she wanted out she didn't want this man to open the doors and see her naked body, even if it was covered with mud. The maintenance man worked away at the latch for quite a while with no luck. Finally he said something in Spanish to Antonio. Antonio just shook his head and then looked over at Erica. Antonio then said that the maintenance man had no luck and that he said he needed to take the oven back to his shop to work on it some more. Once again panic overtook young Erica. Erica was so shook up she couldn't even speak. She couldn't argue that she didn't want to leave this room. She couldn't say a single word. Antonio comforted Erica for a couple minutes as the maintenance man unhooked a few things so he could move the oven freely. Antonio told Erica he was going to go find Juan and inform him of the situation and that they would catch up to her in a few minutes. Antonio excused himself and left the room. 

As the maintenance man started to push oven out the door to the room Erica looked over at her clothes on the floor. She had finally regained her senses enough to talk. The told the man that he needed to grab her clothes on the floor and take them with them. The man just looked at Erica and smiled. He said something in Spanish to her. Right then Erica knew that this man could only speak Spanish and had no idea what she was saying. Erica turned her head and looked at her pile of clothes until they were out of sight. Erica didn't know what to do. She hoped that Antonio would pick them up and bring them to her. As they Erica and the maintenance man exited the spa building Erica was feeling totally helpless and lost. She knew that every step he made took her farther and farther from her clothes. Everybody seemed to be staring at Erica as she was pushed through the resort. The maintenance shop must have been on the far side of the resort because it seemed to take forever to get there. Once they arrived Erica looked around. Her heart sank as nobody was there to help her. She was stuck totally naked in this box with this strange man. How could things possible get any worse?

Erica looked around the room as the maintenance man worked away on the latch. She was in a room full of tools hanging on the wall. There was also a large garage door that was open facing the driveway. The only nice thing about this was she did have a small view of the beach. In fact every once in a while she would see a few people walk by. Erica just remained quiet in hopes that nobody would notice her. She also hoped that Juan or Antonio would get there soon with her clothes, especially before this man got the latch open. Then the worst possible thing happened. She didn't know what to do. She couldn't believe things could have gotten any worse, but they just did. As Erica lay trapped in her box the two neighbor boys from next to her room had spotted her and walked up to find out what was going on.

Erica was just beside herself. She just wanted these guys to leave. Here she was totally naked and trapped inside this box; only inches away from these perverted young men. If they only knew the real details of her circumstance. Although she knew and she also knew she needed to get them away from her as fast as possible but she didn't know how. Then it happened. As young Erica lie trapped totally naked in this box talking to these two, she heard a click. She looked over to the maintenance man with panic in her eyes. There was nothing she could do as the maintenance man raised the lid the lower half of her body exposing her mud covered self to the world. Her only hope was that the mud was covering her sufficiently enough that nothing was on display. 

As young Erica lay totally naked trapped in this box with bottom lid open she heard the phone ring. She couldn't understand anything that was said but she did notice that the maintenance man picked up his tool belt and left the room quickly. Panic overcame young Erica quickly as she was left in such a vulnerable spot. As the two guys continued to talk to Erica they finally noticed that she was naked under the mud. At this point Erica had had finally had too much. She broke down and started to cry. This crying had the opposite effect on the boys than Erica had hoped for. They instantly knew that they knew they had her at their mercy. Erica then saw the change of expression on their face. She even begged them to leave but they wouldn't. Erica was definitely in trouble now.

Erica could do nothing but watch as these two guys stood right over Erica studying every part of her body that they could. They even reached out with their hands and rubbed up and down her mud covered legs. Just as one of their hands was approaching her mound, Erica heard Juan's voice as he and the maintenance man entered back into the room. The guys also heard the voices and jumped back to a safe distance. For a brief second Erica felt saved then she remembered that the lower half of her mud covered body was on display for Juan to see. 

As Juan entered the room he walked right up to Erica and stood by her head. He began to start talking to her as if everything was completely normal. Erica knew that from his position he could see everything. She was so embarrassed and ashamed. During this conversation with Juan the maintenance man started to work on the last remaining latch. As Juan chatted away and the maintenance man continued to work Erica looked around the room and noticed that the two young guys now there cell phones out and had decided that it was time for another photo shoot. Just as Erica was about to ask Juan to make the boys leave she heard another click and the maintenance man opened up the last door revealing her entire body to all who were present. Erica couldn't help but notice that everybody got quiet and just stared as her beautiful mud covered breast came into view. Not a single person in the room said a word as young Erica stood up and climbed off the oven. 

Erica was finally free from her prison. The only problem was that now she was stuck standing completely naked in the middle of the room with only a thin layer of mud covering her body. Erica felt very uncomfortable as she tried to cover herself the best she could. Erica scanned the room for something to cover up with but there was nothing there. She asked Juan if he had brought her clothes or her robe from the spa. Juan apologized and said that he had asked someone to do it didn't happen. Juan looked over at Erica and told her he would go fetch something to cover up with as he exited the room. A few minutes later he returned with a small bath towel he had picked up from one of the maid carts. Erica quickly grabbed the towel and tried to cover herself up. Although it didn't take long for her to realize that this towel was not going to offer her the coverage she hoped for. It basically covered her from her breasts to just above the bottom of her butt cheeks. Never the less it was better than the nothing she had on a couple seconds ago. Once Erica had herself wrapped up Juan offered to walk her back to her room. Juan just smiled as young Erica agreed to the escort. He couldn't believe how well his plan had worked. This had t be one of the best days in his life.

Juan and Erica exited the maintenance room leaving the maintenance man and the two boys behind. They walked through the resort back to Erica's room. Erica couldn't believe how far they had to walk. She felt that every single person in the resort must have seen her. Everywhere she looked there were people. She was so embarrassed; she could imagine what everybody must have thought about her. After her escorted walk through the resort they arrived at her room. Juan opened up her door and young Erica walked in said her goodbyes then shut the door. Finally for the first time in a few hours she was alone and safe. Erica dropped her towel and headed for the shower to clean up.

Once Erica had finished her shower she climbed into bed; totally exhausted from her adventures of the day. She didn't even want to go get supper. She just wanted to stay in the confines of her room and relax in safety out of sight of everyone. She had been seen by so many people today in so many comprising positions. Young Erica had never been so embarrassed in her entire life. If she could have packed up and went home at that very moment she would have. Although she had no choice but to stay, no choice but to wait for her missing luggage, no choice but to go back to the lost and found box. She was still at the mercy of this place. Hopefully tomorrow would be better. It definitely could not be any worse. She knew she was signed up for the jungle tour/zip line adventure and that actually sounded quite fun.


