Lil Miss - Waiting
by AussieSean66

The pleasures of being directed in play.

You have been waiting all morning, waiting and wondering what might happen. He had asked you to be ready for when he arrived, dressed in particular clothes, hair pulled back, makeup and red lipstick fresh.

There have been times you felt he was close, and ready to take things further, but timing was never right and you doubted today would happen - another dud. And then you heard a footstep, the sound of him walking up your stairs, the turning of the key in the lock, and the scraping of the door opening. You can see him now, looking at you with his darkened eyes and slight smile. As he crosses to you, you wonder whats going over your face, are you calm or grinning like a cat.

Taking you in his arms, he wraps you up slowly, his arms pulling you in tight. The smell of him invading your senses and the feeling of his body against yours, holding you tight and comforted in his embrace. His hands tease and roam over your back, until his right hand reaches up and he grasps the back of your head. Holding you, he turns your head, looks into you and leans in, kissing you slowly and gently, you feel your lips open to his touch. His mouth teasing and gentle, slowly gaining in desire, his tongue probing and tasting you, as you do in return. You want him to explore, to take you deeper, to feel his touch, to take each other as you fantasised.

He stops, looks at you and smiles. "I want to see you" is all he says, did he read my mind, does he know what you desire and want today. Did you tell him the things you like, its a fuzz of what you have let slip. Taking your hand, he walks you to the room, your place of work and calm. Looking in to your eyes, he eases you slowly into the work chair, padded and comfortable for your client visits, padded leather with swept back arms to relax into during long consultations. He turns you slowly away from him until you're facing the wall, looking at yourself in the mirror, seeing yourself dressed in the white shirt and the short plaid skirt, the slit all the way up to your hip. Can he see what you wore underneath, you know he likes it, he's said so many times. Looking up in the mirror you see him now standing behind you, his hands just touching your shoulders, gentle but a strength in a single touch.

His eyes gaze into you, "I like that you wore that white shirt, one of my favourites" he says as he smiles. "The crisp white, the small white buttons, the collar and cuffs, lovely. I want you to unbutton it, slowly". Standing there, he watched as you unbuttoned it down, one, two, three, and then four. The cool air was now touching you, the lights above highlighting the black underneath, looking in the mirror you can see edges of the black lace, as you continue to unbutton to the end. "Mmmm, Good girl. Slowly open that shirt to me".

Peeling back the shirt, you start to remove it but he stops you, "No, leave it on. Tell me how your nipples feel. Put your hands up under your shirt, I want you to feel how they harden and become sensitive under your touch". Your eyes stay locked to his as your hands reach up inside slowly, your fingertips brushing across your nipples, feeling them harden you have a slight intake in your breathing. As you unclip the front of the bra, your hands start to explore, you start telling him that your imagining his hands are on you, that they are firm and rough, that his fingers are gripping your nipples now, they are starting to pull and twist, rolling them over and over, getting harder and more aggressive.

Watching you, he directs you on fingertips and nails, touching and scratching, tender or a lil rough. He comments again on the clothes, "I would like to see more" he says quietly beside your ear, "Lift and spread your knees on your chair". Looking in the mirror, you look directly into his eyes and you move your butt forwards and lift up your knees, then slowly spread them up and over the chair. The silky black panties are now on display, you can see how shiny they are in the light, showing the shape of what is underneath but hidden from immediate view.

"Mmmmm, very nice." he says with a smile. He directs you to slowly trace down your body, letting your fingers tease open your shirt and brush down your thighs. Brushing your fingers up and back on the inside of your thighs, you feel the tension of being teased, you want more, you want to feel used and filled.

At that moment, he tells you to stop being playful and to scratch hard, to mark up a single line up your thighs all the way up to that wet pussy. You gasped with the pain, and felt your pussy tighten and moisten immediately. "Play with your clit, scratch though those panties" is all you hear as his hands are holding and feeling your breasts. Your handles tremble as you begin to touch yourself while he starts on your nipples. Gazing at each other, hands over your body, hard and rough, you can't whose hand is who's.

He knows and senses, telling you to stop, to stand, to place your hands on either side of the mirror. He places a hand on your back, bending you forward just a touch and letting you arch your back, slowly he lowers himself behind you. The touch of his hands going up the outside of your legs, up and under the skirt, you feel his fingers on the top of your panties and then pulls them down all the way to your ankles. Looking into your eyes, he tells you he will be needing those as he slips them over your heels.

Looking at you in the mirror, he eases your shirt off, then your bra. Standing there in skirt, stocking and heels - the most turned on you've felt in ages. Sitting himself into the chair you were in, he places his hands on your hips and gently pulls you back, having you you sit on his lap. You smell him immediately, you feel him against you, you feel his hands move to the front of you, just above your skirt, but mostly you feel the hardness of him against your ass.

He tells you to open your legs, to spread them wide over the arms of the chair. Feeling completely open to him, feeling how wet you are, you see yourself spread your legs, you see him smile and look. "Wider, I know that you want to enjoy all that we see" he says calmly in your ear. You can see how wet you are, juices glistening over your lips, juices seeping down and out. His hands feel up your body, he tells you you how sensitive and hard your nipples look, as his hands envelope you. His fingers and thumb, Twists hard, you love the touch, the pain and tightness, the sensations of being able to let another be a part of this.

He's watching you react, your face and eyes speak of lust and pleasure, your breath is deep and under control, but only just. His left hand reaches down and pulls the skirt back out of the way. The skirt opens wide at the waist, looking like a belt wrapped around you, a gift on display. His right, now brushes over your pussy, Up and back, soft and then harder. Your head is back on his shoulder, watching as he touches you. Watching a single finger trace over your lips and then stop, you feel it slowly slide inside you. A rhythmic motion starts, curling as he enters and a flick on the way out. And then you realise he is using two, building up the momentum as he opens you up, his thumb now in tandem on your clit.

You let out a small moan, In and out slowly, fingers curled and pulsing up into your g spot. Loving the intensity as you look into his face, he smiles and tells you to play with nipples. As you raise your hands to touch, he pushes a third finger in, and then a fourth is in. You love the feelings going through your body, his hand inside of you, you pulling on your nipples in rhythm, completely in his control as he watches what you're doing.

He stops.

From the table beside you, he takes hold of a box that he had sent you, the one he'd told you not to open. As he opens it, you see there are two smaller boxes inside, one red and one green. You wonder what it is, what is it that he sent you. "I'm thinking we will start with green, I want you to open it". Your hand reaches in, a ribbon holds the box closed. You undo the tie and inside you see a new glass toy, large and thick, hard and smooth. Something that you'd told him just the once and he remembered what you'd said.

He tells you that if you need to use the lube, there is some in the box. You're still looking at it and considering it, you know it's big as your hand won't quite go all the way around. Looking into his eyes now, you pour a small amount on your hands and then start to stroke it up and down, you look into his eyes and continue to stroke. Your fingers are covered in lube, yet you pour more on, and then massage your pussy, getting it ready for the toy. "I want to watch you fuck that pussy, to see you enjoy yourself", he directs you to hold it and to slide it slowly inside you, to take it inch by inch, feeling it cold and hard.

Slowly you fuck your delicious pussy, pushing it deeper and deeper with each thrust. Pushing it hard up inside, you feel each thrust. His hands are on your legs, just above your knees as he pulls you open even more, feel like your doing the splits over his lap.

You feel yourself building, feel the tension in your breath, picking up the pace, faster and deeper, hard deep and rough. Slamming up inside, hitting, stretching you, feeling so good. He is watching, whispering in your ear, telling you what he sees and desires until your head tilts back as you exhale and feel it build within, as you are ready to cum.

He whispers in your ear, "We have he has just begun your pleasures, Lil Miss".
