Author: mypenname3000
Commissioned by: n1one
Title: Instagram Mind-Controlled Daughters Chapter Six: Free-Use Professor's Hot Class
Summary: A bitch professor is turned itno a free-use slut.
Keyword: MF MFF MMF MMMF mc inc oral anal DP gang inter exhib voy public school

Derrick Carpenter

I was at the coffee house. I wanted to enjoy a late-morning coffee. I was effectively retired now. I still was paid my salary, but I didn't have to do anything for it. All thanks to a suggestion Chaz made to my boss.

Good Guy Chaz. Everyone listened to whatever he posted on Instagram. I don't know why this secondary account I made did this. It was some sort of magic, but I was getting used to the power it gave me. I had fun over the weekend turning my holier-than-thou neighbor into a free-use slut for the neighborhood. After all, she turned out not to be a perfect wife but a cheating whore.

Her husband had already announced he would be marrying his sister this summer. I couldn't wait for the wedding.

Here's your mocha, the barista, a purple-haired young woman named Chartreuse, said, thrusting it at me in an angry fashion.

Is this with whole milk and no whipped cream? I asked.

Of course it is! she huffed. I don't need a man telling me how to do my job.

I arched an eyebrow at that. What was her issue? Sure, I could complain to her manager, but why do that when I could just have Chaz talk to her? I bet he had a few ideas on how she could handle things from now on.

I took my mocha to one of the tables that already had the newspaper I was going to read. Yeah, yeah, I still read a newspaper. I was a boomer according to my daughters which made no sense. I was Generation X, not a Baby Boomer. Christ, that was my parents' generation.

I grabbed my phone and did a search on Instagram for Chartreuse and the name of the coffee house. It took a few minutes of poking around before I found her profile. But there she was, purple hair and all. Chartreuse Milton, she/her, proud feminist, vote blue. All that. Pretty standard profile for a woman her age. 

I didn't care about her politics or anything. I cared about her behavior. Who you voted for didn't give you the right to be rude to your customers. So, I would make sure that she took care of them. The way any good barista should.

I found her most recent post: Hate my job. Shoot me now. Tired of guys staring at my tits!

Did she think I was staring at her tits? She wore a baggy polo that didn't even show them off that well. They weren't big, I could tell that. Not the size of my wife's or oldest daughter's. Well, time to make some comments.

I think guys should stare at your tits. Work in only a sexy bra from now on. No shirt. Lace. Maybe mesh or transparent to see those nipples. And lean over so they can really get a good look at them.

She blinked then just pulled off her shirt right there in the store. She headed into the back to drop it off before she came back to finish making her drink. She had nice, round boobs. A good C, or a rather generous B. Her bra was gray and cute.

Yeah, that's empowering, one of her friends commented. Show those cute tits to the guys! Don't let the male gaze scare you! Show those men you're not afraid! You're proud of being a woman!

Definitely be proud, I typed. But you also have to take care of your customers. You should offer every man and woman who comes in head. Suck their cocks and lick their cunts. Start with the guy in the gray t-shirt you just served the mocha to. He has a newspaper at his table.

Chartreuse glanced at me and smiled. She headed out from around the counter, her perky tits jiggling in her bra. She had a curve to her hip and a tattoo peeking out on her hip. The top of a rose, I thought.

Sir, would you like me to suck your dick? she asked much more politely.

Of course, I would, I said, smiling at her. Great tits. They're very cute. Love the bra.

Thank you, sir, she said as she dropped to her knees before me.

She stroked her hands up my blue jeans to my fly. She undid my belt and unzipped me. Now, this was how to enjoy a morning coffee. She fished my cock out and swallowed me with her warm mouth. I groaned at how nice that felt.

She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my dick. I sipped at my mocha and savored the pleasure of her naughty blowjob. The girl was doing such a great job. I loved how she worked her mouth up and down my cock.

That was just perfect.

I groaned between sips, the pleasures of her bobbing head making this a perfect morning. She was just a delight to enjoy. I reveled in every second of this. She suckled on me with all her passion. It was a perfect moment. My nuts tightened.

She created such powerful suction. She was no stranger to sucking dicks. She was a pro at it. I loved the skill she put into it. And the way her head bobbed up and down. That was so hot. It was an exciting moment to feel her working on me like that.

Just a fantastic rush to have her nursing on me. I loved every second of her mouth bobbing up and down on my cock. She suckled on me with all this passion. It was a wonderful moment to savor her passion. Customers didn't even give us a second glance.

That's it, you little barista-slut, I groaned. You're giving such great head. That's how you service a customer.

She popped her mouth off my cock with a wet slurp, groaning, I'm so glad that you approve, sir!
She swallowed my cock again. I groaned as she suckled with passion on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. This was a great delight. I arched my back as she created such powerful suction.

I finished off my mocha, the chocolaty warmth melting down to my stomach. Her mouth engulfed my dick over and over again. She took as much as she could, slurping the entire time. The pressure grew at the tip. 

That's it, I groaned. Damn, you're going to get one frothy spurt of cream!

She suckled harder. She worked her mouth up and down my cock. I groaned, loving how she nursed on me. She wanted my cum like the good little barista-slut she was. I closed my eyes, savoring every second of this blowjob.

It wouldn't last much longer. Not with how hard she was sucking on me. She nursed on me with such passion. I loved how she bobbed her head and suckled on my dick. She drove me wild with that hot mouth. I savored the pleasure of this moment.

Fuck! I groaned as the pressure burst.

I erupted.

My cum pumped into her mouth. I groaned as blast after blast of jizz flooded her mouth. I shuddered through this wild delight. It was an amazing rush to have all that cum spurting out of my dick and into her mouth.

I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing. It was a fantastic rush. There was so much bliss that shot through me. I groaned with each eruption of cum that fired from my dick. I loved that so much. I savored every last spurt of cum. It was a fantastic bliss.

Shit, shit, shit! I groaned.

The barista-slut suckled down my jizz. She gulped it down like the pro she was. I erupted one last time. I savored the bliss that radiated through me. What a wonderful feeling. I leaned back wishing I still had some mocha left.

My entire body shuddered as she slid her mouth off my cock. There you go, sir.

Thank you so much, I said as she crawled out. 

She saw a woman who had just gotten her drink. She darted over and asked, May I lick your pussy, miss?

The woman blinked then said, Yes.

Good Guy Chaz was always right. He always gave the best advice to people. So long as it was followed, there was nothing wrong that happened in this world. His comments were important for everyone to know and believe in.

You did a good job, I commented on Chartreuse's post. Keep it up. You're an outstanding barista-slut.

I just put my phone back in my pocket when I got a text. Of course. I pulled it out and found it was from Ann-Katherine, my oldest daughter. She was at college right now, the only one of my four daughters that had bothered. She was a bright girl even if she had fallen into a dangerous trap.

But I had straightened her out.

I opened her text and my blood boiled. Daddy, my teacher isn't grading me fairly. She found out about the porn I made and thinks it's disgusting. I think she's going to fail me. I need your help.

I'll be right there, I said. Who is the teacher?

Professor Reyns. Class starts in fifteen minutes. Harper building room 104

I burst out of the coffee house and jogged to my car. I opened the door and slid in. I started my car up as I started investigating just who this was. I back out of my space and headed down to the light. I quickly found a Professor Margaret Reyns's profile.

I blinked at what I saw. It was full of a lot of man-hating. Post about how stupid men were. Laughing at man-babies who didn't like the way their favorite comic book was being adapted. A shot of her holding a coffee cup that read, Male Tears on it.

Unsurprising, she was divorced.

I found her top post as I drove. At another light, I quickly commented: You want Mr. Carpenter to audit your class. You'll welcome him when he arrives. He'll be wearing a gray t-shirt.

I posted that then concentrated on driving. I didn't like fucking around on my phone while operating my car. I mean, sometimes you just had to, but I tried to avoid it. I sped across town. My daughter's class was starting right now.

I found a place to park. I got directions to where her class was and jogged across the campus. I passed many pretty young things. I hoped they weren't having their minds poisoned by a bitter divorcee on men. That would be horrible to do to young women.

I headed down the hall, passing classrooms until I found it. I opened the door and walked in.

Professor Margaret Reyns stood at the front of her classroom in a purple cardigan that didn't help to hide how big her boobs were. She had blonde hair that framed a mature face. She was my wife's age, though not as pretty.

A scowl appeared on her face until she realized who I was. Oh, welcome, Mr. Carpenter. So glad I could have you audit the class.

Glad to be here, I said.

There were maybe fifteen girls and ten guys in the class. The poor guys looked hen-pecked. And I saw why. She was lecturing about the evil of the male gaze and why women weren't objects to be stared at by men.

I found my daughter who gave me a grateful smile. She sat near the back. I moved toward her and sank down in the chair beside her. There was stuff on the whiteboard behind her about the evils of pornography and how it trained men to see women as nothing but sex objects. 

A woman who does porn is a traitor to her gender, was one of the notes Professor Reyns had written on the board. Yeah, I saw why my daughter was in trouble here. 

It'll be okay, Ann, I told my eldest and pulled out my phone. 

Thanks, Daddy.

Even if she chooses to wear next to nothing, Professor Reyns said, walking back and forth, doesn't mean she wants you to stare at her.

You want to keep the boys' attention, so get naked, I sent. Show them that body. You want them to see it. You love the male gaze and just never admitted it.

She paused in her steps and started unbuttoning her cardigan. Well, I do have a confession to admit. I like the male gaze. There's nothing like having a man stare at you, validating that you're beautiful, then telling him to fuck off and calling him a creep when he hits on you.

God, this woman was toxic.

She dropped the cardigan revealing a gray blouse beneath. She worked on the buttons as the students were all perking up. Her heels clicked as she revealed a red bra beneath cradling her boobs that didn't look real. My wife had fake tits. I knew them well.

I even used the alimony money my pig of an ex paid me to get bigger tits so I would really attract the male gaze, she said as she reached behind her to unhook her bra.

She unveiled those tits her ex-husband paid for. They were gorgeous to see with a firm plumpness to them that made my dick even harder. All the guys were really staring now at those lovely tits. They were drinking in their beauty.

She unzipped her skirt as she said, As you can see, girls, men just can't help but be disgusting pigs and ogle a woman when she prances around in next to nothing. This is why we have to call sexism out where we see it. In media especially. 

Her skirt dropped to the floor. She stepped out of it and wore a pair of red panties with black lace. She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her panties and shoved them off her hips. She bent over, her boobs swaying before her as she did. She dropped her panties to her heels and stepped out of them. She stood there naked.

Of course, I love having male attention, she continued. It makes me feel womanly, but that doesn't mean I want them drooling over me like dogs.

Tell the truth that you do want them drooling over on them like dogs because you're a slut that just wants to be fucked hard, I commented.

Well, that's a lie. She smiled at her students. I love it when they drool over me like dogs. I'm really a slut that just wants to be fucked hard.

God, this is awesome, daddy, Ann whispered as she squirmed in the seat beside me.

Sit on the desk and say free-use pussy, I typed for Chaz's nest comment. Let your guest go first. And offer to eat his daughter's pussy at the same time. You aren't ever going to look down on her because she made a few bad life decisions. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Professor Margaret Reyns

Now, I purred as I sat down on the desk, my secret fantasies all revealed, I'm such a slut, I have a free-use pussy. I spread my legs wide, my shaved cunt on full display for my students. The boys were all salivating. That means any guy who wants to enjoy my cunt is free to, but... I think our guest auditor should have first dibs. Mr. Carpenter?

The man in the gray shirt and jeans rose. Ann-Katherine's father. She did porn, but I shouldn't be mad at her. I loved the male gaze, and I was tired of lying and being bitter pretending I didn't. Now I could be honest.

He marched out from the side, a big grin on his face. He peeled off his t-shirt. He was a handsome man in his middle age. He kept in great shape. Ann's mother must be a lucky woman. My pussy clenched as he marched closer.

Mmm, I think I have been a little hard on your daughter. Why don't I eat her pussy at the same time. I arched my eyebrow at Mr. Carpenter. How does that sound?

Perfect, he said as he reached me, a big smile spreading on his lips. That sounds just perfect. Come on up, Ann. Your teacher's going to apologize for being such a bitch to you by eating your pussy.

Thank you, Daddy, Ann squealed as she got up.

Those porn videos she made were hot. That daddy/step-daughter stuff always got me off. I didn't know my father. Not really. Mom left him when I was a kid. I bet he would be as handsome as Mr. Carpenter. If he was my daddy, I would have been his good little girl.

Ann hurried up, wearing a skirt. She stopped at the table and reached beneath it to pull off her panties. Then she glanced at her father who was pulling out his cock. Ann quivered and just took off her skirt, too, revealing her shaved pussy dripping with her excitement.

She kissed him on the lips. Oh, they were very close. That just felt right for some reason.

Ann climbed onto the desk and straddled my head. She planted her pussy right on my lips. I gasped at the tangy flavor of her pussy juices spilled through my mouth. I licked at her with hunger. I feasted on her.

My tongue thrust into her snatch and swirled around in her. I stirred up her tangy juices as I waited for her father to fuck me. He had a big dick. I just knew I would love him in me. I craved him to ram that big dick into my pussy and fuck me so hard.

He rubbed his cock up and down me. He teased me with that thick girth I loved it so much. Then I groaned as he buried his cock into my pussy. He filled me to the brim with all that thick shaft. I moaned, squeezing down on him.

Yes, he growled as he filled me up. He drew back his cock. I savored that pullback. It was such a rush to have him do that. He thrust back into me. He filled me to the brim with his thick shaft. It was so hot having him in me. Oh, damn, that's good.

He pumped away at me. He fucked my snatch with force. I loved him doing that. He thrust to the hilt in my twat again and again. His balls slapped into my taint as I feasted on his little girl's pussy. I ate her cunt. I devoured her.

Oh, Daddy, she's eating me out! moaned Ann.

Good, he growled as he fucked me.

Yes, yes, fuck my free-use cunt, Mr. Carpenter! I moaned into his little girl's pussy. Just pound me so hard!

He did. He fucked me with that hard cock. It was just such a rush to have that thick shaft pumping away at me. He drilled in and out of my cunt. I whimpered, lapping at his daughter with hunger. I stroked my tongue through him with passion.

She gasped, her rump clenching before my face as she squirmed on him. It was so hot to have her doing that. She wiggled her hips back and forth as she quivered here. She stared down at me, smiling with her wild delight.

My tongue thrust into her cunt. I swirled it around in her pussy as her father fucked me. He hammered me faster and faster. He grunted, his hands sliding up my torso until he found my big boobs. He squeezed my tits.

He kneaded my large breasts. I loved him for doing that. I enjoyed him groping my boobs as he fucked into me over and over again. I loved how he pounded me. That was perfect. He thrust away at me again and again.

He churned me up, groaning, Fucking whore!

Yes! I moaned into his daughter's snatch. Oh, fuck my free-use twat. I love it. I'm such a fucking whore! I'm a dirty, nasty slut that just wants everyone to know it!

He thrust away at me. He fucked me with such passion. His cock drilled into my twat again and again. My pussy gripped him as the friction swelled me toward my orgasm. I would have a mighty one. Just a huge climax.

I lapped at Ann's tangy pussy. I licked through her folds, wanting to make her cum. I hoped to devour her. I loved the taste of her juices. She had such a yummy cum. I flicked my tongue through her folds and brushed her clit.

Professor! she moaned.

I swirled my tongue around Ann's bud. 

Ooh, that's it, Professor, she moaned. Just like that. Ooh, ooh, that's so naughty of you. I love that so much!

I suckled on her clit as my orgasm swelled. Her father fucked my twat hard. He buried to the hilt in my cunt over and over again. It was a hot delight to have him pound deep and hard into my snatch. I gripped his cock with my silky snatch.

I loved his every plunge into my pussy. I savored every last thrust of his cock into my naughty cunt. It was a fantastic thrill to suckle on his daughter's clit as he brought me closer and closer to bursting. I whimpered and trembled.

I nibbled on her clit as he fucked my cunt deep and hard. He slammed to the hilt in my snatch over and over. He fucked me with such passion. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. I loved every last moment of this. It was passionate to have him churning me up.

Oh, Daddy! his daughter squealed. Yes!

Her tangy cunt cream gushed out and drowned me.

I drank them as he fucked my twat. I savored that wonderful dick fucking to the hilt in me again and again. My orgasm swelled in me as I drowned in his daughter's delicious cream. He slammed to the hilt in me.

My naughty twat burst in delight. I squealed into his daughter's yummy cunt as my orgasm swept through me. Stars burst across my vision as I drank all her passion. Wave after wave of rapture swept over my mind.

I was such a whore to love this.

Fuck! Mr. Carpenter growled and buried to the hilt in my pussy.

He erupted.

His cum flooded my snatch. I shuddered as spurt after spurt of his jizz splashed against my cervix. I groaned, my cunt writhing around him as I loved this pleasure. It was so hot having his spunk basting my pussy.

He hosed me down. He filled me to the brim with all his cum. I loved it so much. I savored all that passion sweeping through me. I quivered, my eyes rolling back in my head. His spunk splashed onto my cervix.

Goddamn, you're just a fucking whore, growled Mr. Carpenter.

A free-use whore! I moaned, my pussy rippling around his cock.

He erupted one last time into me. I shuddered as savored all that jizz basting my snatch. It was a wonderful moment. My eyes rolled back in my head as I enjoyed having all that cock in me. He filled me up with so much dick.

My cunt swam with all that jizz as he ripped out of me. He pulled back as I shuddered. I just wanted more dick in me. Ann crawled off me, her tangy pussy leaving me dripping in her cream. I licked my lips and sat up.

My male students all stared at me like they were ravenous beasts. Perfect.

Ooh, you all want to fuck me, don't you, I purred, sliding off my deck. I knelt on the floor on my hands and knees. Well, I'm free to use. Don't be shy, boys.

Fuck, Professor, groaned Mitch. He dropped before me as he shoved down his pants. His cock popped out. Fuck, fuck, fuck!

I opened wide and swallowed his dick. I nursed on him. He stared down at me in shock like he couldn't believe that I would do that. I swirled my tongue around the crown of his dick. I loved how he throbbed. The flavor of his precum was so good.

Then another student went for my pussy. Professor... That sounded like Darrel. Damn, that's a pussy.

He pressed his thick cock into my pussy. I loved how he filled me up with that Black cock. It was just spectacular to have him filling me up as I was kneeling here. Just spit-roasted by these two amazing dicks.

It was just such a wonderful to have them both in me. Darrel drew back his Black dick. I squeezed my cunt down on him, loving how thick he was. He made me shiver as he thrust back into my cunt. He filled me up with that big, Black cock.

I loved it. I moaned around Mitch's cock. I suckled on him as he stared down at me. He ran his hand through my blonde hair as I rocked back and forth. I matched Darrel's thrusts, sliding my lips up and down Mitch's cock.

Oh, damn, groaned Darrel. Professor, you got a tight cunt. Damn, I'm glad you went free-use. That's so hot!

I agreed, this was so hot.

I slobbered over Mitch's cock in my mouth. I loved worshiping him as Darrel fucked my sloppy cunt. He rammed into my pussy over and over again with that big, Black dick. He fucked me so hard. I love that so much. It was just such a hot rush to have him pounding me.

His balls slapped into my clit in his position. It was so fun feeling him smacking my bud. Sparks flared every time he buried that big cock into me. It was just such a hot treat. I loved it so much. My orgasm built and built.

I hurtled closer and closer to bursting. My pussy clamped down hard on his thrusting dick. I loved how great that was. It was just such a wonderful moment. I suckled on him. It was awesome to have that big dick fucking me.

Damn, that pussy! groaned Darrel.

I didn't know how good you were at sucking dick, Professor! Mitch groaned.

I bet she's just awesome, Chris said.

Look at her ass ripple, groaned Kevin. That ass is juicy. I want to fuck that ass. I bet she'll let me!

Free-use professor! Darrel groaned as he hammered me hard and fast. He drove his cock deep and hard into me. He buried again and again into my cunt. It was an amazing rush to fuck him with such force. It was an outstanding delight. Fuck! I love this twat!

I could tell. That black stud fucked my pussy so hard. He pounded me with everything that he had. It was just a hot thrill to have that cock pumping into me. I shuddered as I rose toward my orgasm. I nursed hard on Mitch's dick, feeling everyone's eyes on me.

That was just such a wonderful moment. I felt incredible having that big dick fuck me as I suckled on that huge cock. I nursed hard on that dick in my mouth. My pussy clenched down on him hard. I reveled in his pleasure. It was just an awesome delight.

I savored its so much. I wanted to cum on him. I suckled hard on the dick in my mouth. Drool ran down my chin as I loved him. He groaned, his fingers gripping my blonde locks. He held me tight as he groaned.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, Professor! he groaned and erupted.

His hot cum spurted into my mouth. I loved that hot jizz splashing on the back of my throat. This was perfect. I trembled as I drank down his spunk. He erupted again and again, flooding me with all his salty seed. What a wonderful treat.

Darrel buried to the hilt in my with his big, Black cock. His nuts slapped my clit. Pleasure burst in me. I gasped as the bliss swept through me. A wave of ecstasy rushed through my body and drowned my thoughts.

I squealed in delight, stars burst across my vision.

Goddamn, her pussy is going wild around my dick, Darrel groaned. Shit!

His cum spurted into my pussy.

Another wonderful load of jizz flooded my free-use cunt. I loved the pleasure as his spunk splashed on my cervix. I trembled, my cunt worshiping his erupting dick. I spasmed around that thick, Black cock.

Professor! Darrel groaned as he flooded my twat with blast after blast of cum. 

They filled me up from both ends. I loved that hot treat. It was just so hot as they both erupted. I suckled on Mitch with all my might, drawing out that salty spunk. I savored drinking cum delight as Darrel spurted spunk into my twat again and again.

It was so wonderful. My body quivered with pleasure. It was a wonderful thrill to have all pleasure sweeping through me. I drowned in ecstasy as I nursed out all of Mitch's cum. He groaned as he ran dry. Darrel erupted one last time.

Shit, he panted and smacked my rump. Professor, that was fucking amazing.

I purred in delight as I slid my mouth off Mitch's cock. Thank you for using my pussy! Who wants to use it next.

Me, Chris groaned.

God, I want that ass, Kevin moaned.

You could just swallow my cock, panted Zach. He ran a hand through his blond hair. That would be great, Professor.

Well, we have three boys and three holes. I smiled. Chris, on the ground. I want to ride that big dick. Kevin, you get my ass, lucky boy.

Yes, professor, he groaned.

And I get that mouth! Zach said, his cock already out. He stroked it, a huge smile on his lips.

I was so glad my boys were so eager to use my body. That was why I was here. To be used by them. It was so hot that they understood my purpose. I loved the feel of Darrel sliding out of me. His cum spilled down my thighs.

I was just such a slutty professor. 

Chris was on the ground. I crawled to him, my boobs swaying from side to side. They were such gorgeous tits. I was so proud of them. And now my boys would all get to see them. I enjoyed that so much as straddled Chris.

I grabbed his cock and brought him to my sloppy cunt. Number three. I was so lucky to have so many dicks today. I pressed him into my pussy and dropped down his shaft. I swallowed him with ease, so full of all that other jizz.

Kevin spat on his cock a few times as he moved behind me. I reached back there and parted my butt-cheeks for him. He groaned as he moved into position. I felt him staring at my asshole. He spat on it, soaking it.

Just ram that big dick into my ass, I moaned. I want to have your cock back there. Ooh, yes, yes, Kevin! And Zach, come here. Don't be shy. I don't bite when I suck a dick.

Yes, Professor, Zach groaned as he reached me.

I opened my mouth wide and swallowed his cock. I loved the taste of his dick. He had a smaller one. I was able to slide my lips all the way down him and rub my face into his bush. The perfect length for sucking on.

I loved that. I swirled my tongue around his dick. I suckled on him, my cheeks hollowing with the force of this moment. It was just an outstanding treat with my pussy full of Chris's nice dick. I squeezed about him as Kevin came in for my backdoor.

He pushed his cock right against my anal sheath. I shuddered as he did that. It was so hot having him push on my asshole. That felt so good as he thrust against my anal sheath. It was a fantastic rush to have him drilling against me. I shuddered as he pushed and pushed on me. The pleasure swelled and swelled.

I shuddered as he pressed so hard against my backdoor. I groaned around this cock in my mouth and squeezed my cunt around Chris's dick. My asshole widened and widened for Kevin's rod. I groaned as he popped into my bowels.

I shuddered at the feel of him sliding into me. It was fantastic to have all that dick in me. It was a wonderful moment. I loved every last second of him filling up my asshole. I had achieved the dream of every free-use slut.

I was triple-stuffed.

I had a cock in every hole.

I shuddered as I slid my pussy up Chris's cock. I moaned around Zach's dick as I did. I suckled hard on him, loving that salty flavor of his precum. Kevin drew back his dick, massaging my bowels with that thick shaft.

The velvety friction was fantastic. I loved how great he felt as he thrust back into me. He buried his cock into my bowels. He fucked me hard as I plunged my cunt down Chris's cock. The dual frictions washed through my nethers.

Two wonderful delights swirled through me and felt amazing. My big, fake breasts bounced as I worked my snatch up and down Chris's cock. My butt-cheeks rippled from Kevin's hard thrusts. His nuts slapped into my taint.

They were so full of cum. I loved that so much. I wanted all that jizz spurting into me. I craved to have all the jizz filling me up. That would be incredible. Just an outstanding moment. I loved this delight so much. I savored having three cocks in me.

I was such a whore.

Professor! Kevin groaned as he hammered my asshole.

Shit, shit, shit, ride my cock, panted Chris. That pussy is so fucking wet!

Going to dump my load in your mouth, moaned Zach.

I swirled my tongue around the crown of his cock. I ached to drink his cum. I wanted jizz in my belly. Could I love only off cum. That would be so hot. I suckled on him with hunger as my pussy and asshole melted around the other students' dicks.

I plunged my cunt down that thick cock. I shuddered, savoring that wonderful heat. The pleasure was something else. It was a magnificent rush that I was so happy to enjoy. I quivered, hurtling toward my bursting point.

I would have such a climax on these two dicks while sucking on a third.

My boobs heaved as I rode Chris. I loved the feel of my fake titties jiggling as I plunged down his thick shaft. Kevin sodomized me with such force. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. It was a rush to have all that pleasure building and building in me.

My asshole gripped his cock, the heat melting down to my pussy full of Chris's cock. The two frictions brought me closer and closer to that moment of erupting. I would just explode with delight on these dicks.

Fuck, groaned Chris. I love watching those tits! But...

He grabbed my fake boobs and squeezed them, kneading the silicone implants. I shuddered, my nipples throbbing as he did that. It was a wild moment. I loved what he did to me as I rode his cock. I whimpered, sucking hard on Zach's cock.

Drool ran down my chin. I loved nursing on the cock in my mouth. I savored suckling on him. I came closer and closer to spurting into his mouth. That would be incredible. I just loved this moment. It was a fantastic day. 

Just an outstanding one. 

I'm going to pop in this ass! Kevin moaned as he fucked my bowels. He pounded to the hilt in my asshole over and over. Shit, I love this!

Me, too. I was so close.

I plunged down the cock in my pussy. It was so hot taking that big dick as Kevin rammed to the hilt in my asshole. I had them both in me. My clit ground into Chris's pubic bone, the pleasure sweeping through me. I suckled hard on Zach's small cock.

All of these delights swept through me. I burst in delight.

My free-use cunt spasmed around one cock while my asshole the other. I suckled on them as the tsunami swept through me. The ecstasy drowned my mind. It was just an incredible a rush to have all that pleasure sweeping through me.

I squealed around the cock in my mouth as my holes suckled at the other two dicks. I bucked on Chris's cock, his hands squeezing my boobs as my pussy writhed around his cock. I loved the feel of him as I did this.

Shit, Professor! Chris groaned and erupted.

At the same moment, Kevin plunged into my asshole. Fuck!

His cum spurted into my bowels as the jizz flooded my twat. It was a wonderful thrill to have all that pleasure surging through my body. I reveled in those two dicks pumping their seed into my pussy and asshole. What a thrill. 

Professor! Zach groaned.

He erupted into my mouth.

He spurted blast after blast of jizz that splashed against the back of my throat. I loved the feeling of all that spunk gushing out of his cock and into my mouth. They filled all three of my holes. That was just incredible.

I whimpered through the bliss. It was just such an amazing time to have all that spunk flooding my holes. They filled me up. I gulped down jizz as my cunt milked one cock and my asshole another. I whimpered through all this bliss. I felt just fantastic.

This was just such a hot moment. I shuddered as they spurted the last of their cum into my body. My other students were waiting for their turn to fuck me. That was just an incredible thrill to know they wanted me so much.

I swallowed Zach's last load and popped my mouth off his dick. Mmm, who's next?

I had so many volunteers.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Derrick Carpenter

Sounds like you did a great job for our daughter, my wife said, her voice breathy. She had our live-in sex slave eating her cunt out. Mmm, I knew that professor was a slut at heart. All those man-hating feminists just want their daddies to fuck them.

I chuckled at that. She certainly was. I had her say something things, but she went way farther with it than I told her to. 

Mmm, I'm going to have a nice cum on our little slut. You enjoy college. 

I plan on it, I said. I have a cute coed beside me that wants to ride my dick.

Make sure you fill our daughter's pussy with lots of cum. I want grandchildren.

I laughed at Karin's words. Love you.

Mmm, love you, too, she said and hung up.

I glanced at my daughter and shook my cock at her. 

She straddled me and plunged her cunt down my dick. She gasped as her teacher squealed, fucking another group of her male students. They were all eager to have their turn fucking their free-use professor. She would be a very popular teacher from now on.

I loved my power.

My daughter worked her cunt up and down my dick. She smiled at me as she rode me. She had such a bright expression on her lips as she plunged her cunt down my dick. I shuddered, savoring that delight. It was an incredible rush to have her hot pussy riding me.

I gripped her ass and groaned, Ann!

Daddy, she cooed.

In the background, Professor Reyns moaned, Just cum on me. Circle me and jerk off on my body!

What a slut, my daughter cooed.

Definitely, I agreed, reveling in her hot cunt plunging down my cunt. Not like my good girl.

She beamed at me and smiled as she worked her cunt up and down my cock. The feel of her hot twat sliding up and down me was fantastic. I savored it, reveling in the incestuous friction. She was just an incredible daughter.

I was so glad to have her. I loved having her twat working up and down my dick. She massaged me with her snatch, her pussy clinging to me. I groaned as I rose and rose toward that moment when I would burst in her.

She groaned in delight.

She moaned her passion.

Ann's pussy felt amazing around me.

My nuts tightened with my seed to flood her fertile pussy. I would pump my daughter's cunt full of all the cum that I could. I loved this delight. I savored this pleasure as she rode me. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to just erupting into her pussy. I would just flood her with all my spunk.

Just fill her to the brim with all my jizz. That would be just an incredible rush to have all this pleasure building and building in me. I would just erupt in my little girl's pussy. I was so close. Her pussy gripped me.

Cum on me! gasped the professor. Stroke those cocks and coat me in jizz!

Ann plunge down my cock and gasped, Daddy!

Her delicious pussy went wild around my cock. I savored my daughter's hot pussy rippling around me. I groaned as I reveled in that wonderful bliss. The pleasure swept through me. It was an exciting moment. I enjoyed it so much. 

I held her to me as I watched the students jerking off on their teacher. Their cum splashed on Professor Reyns's big, fake tits. They coated her with their spunk as I gripped my daughter's rump. The pressure in my nuts erupted.

I spurted my cum into my daughter's snatch.

I unloaded into her twat again and again, savoring that wonderful moment. As the students basted the free-use whore's body, I flooded my little girl's twat. I filled her up with all my jizz. She gasped as her fertile pussy writhed around me.

Ann-Katherine suckled on me with her wonderful pussy. I savored every last second of hits bliss. It washed through me. I savored the pleasure as I dumped my spunk into my daughter's hot twat. She gasped into my ear.

I love you, Daddy!

I gripped her rump and groaned, Love you!

I pumped more and more of my cum into her pussy. I filled her to the hilt with all that spunk. It was an incredible rush to have all this pleasure sweeping through me. It was an awesome moment. I shuddered through all that ecstasy.

Damn, I groaned.

Mmm, my daughter purred.

Yes, yes, dump all that cum on me! the free-use whore moaned.

I grabbed my phone and added one more comment to Professor Reyns's post. You will treat Miss Carpenter fairly. To apologize, you'll make amateur gangbang videos, sell them on the internet, and give all the proceeds to her.

Thank you, Daddy, my daughter whispered.

Anything for you, I answered her. She kissed me.

I had to do something about these porn videos my daughter made. 

To be continued...

