Warning: What you are about to read involves S-E-X. If you are a youngster, please download it and wait until you're living by yourself to read it. It also very likely depicts things I know little about. Please ignore factual errors in lieu of the erotic and mind control aspects of the story. Feedback is enjoyable. You can send it to my name at gmail dot com. Sorry I can't spell it out. Damn internet spam trollers.

Charm

By Databastard

*Slam*

The locks on the door clicked shut as Kate tossed the mail on a table. She took off her heavy coat and hung it up. Then she took off her glasses and untied her pony tail. She pressed the play button on the answering machine while making her way to the bedroom. The machine announced "You have four messages."

*Beep* "This is Oakwood Holdings. We need to inform you there will be a rent increase starting July 1st." Kate groaned audibly from the other room as she listened to the rest of the message.

*Beep* "Hey Sexy. It's Jack. There's this great party tomorrow night and I want to take you. Call me back." Jack had already worked Kate's last good nerve. He took her for granted and made a lot of last minute plans, like she was on some list of potential dates.

"Fat chance," she answered in the direction of the machine.

*Beep* "Miss Fitzgerald, my name is Patrick Kelly and I'd like to discuss the possibility of working for my company, Key Global Technologies, in systems administration." She ran to the machine, still in her bra, and listened intently to the message. Job offers didn't exactly flood in and this one sounded pretty interesting. There was also something about the man's voice. The brogue was quite noticeable, but there was more. He seemed genuinely interested in talking to her, as opposed to just casting a wide net to fill a vacancy. She skipped the last message about changing her phone plan or something, and played the call again.

Kate mused over this situation in the shower. Things were okay the way they were. Her job was relatively secure. Her coworkers were nice people and the work wasn't too hard. It was something of a comfortable little rut. She decided that it would be in her best interest to at least entertain the offer. By the time she went to bed, Kate made the choice to call.

She spent the next morning daydreaming. Work was boring that day and Kate was looking forward to lunchtime. At noon, Kate left the office to make a call on her cell phone. Patrick seemed more glad to hear from her than in the message. She agreed to meet him after work.

Patrick suggested an Irish pub/restuarant and she agreed, given that he was paying. Kate discovered that it was a pretty nice place. She found Patrick soon enough. He was very nice looking. He had dark hair, dark eyes. In fact, he didn't appear more than a few years older than she was. Kate became keenly aware of her formless pantsuit and hastily arranged hairclip.

Kate gave a quick wave and said "Hi there."

Patrick beamed. "Miss Fitzgerald. So wonderful to meet you in person."

"Oh, please. It's Kate."

"Kate. Kate it is, then. Let us find a table." They both sat down and ate dinner, which was actually quite good. Patrick described the position. It was very interesting, offering a little more challenge than her current job. He also seemed to be interested in her experience, so it wouldn't be some kind of competition. However, the catch appeared soon enough.

"Of course, we will provide all of the necessary provisions to move to Ireland."

Kate would have done a spit take if she were drinking at the time. Instead, she said "the hell? Ireland?"

"Yes," he confirmed. "You're only a first generation American, aren't ye?"

Kate stammered. "I, um, well I guess so. I mean my parents came over when they were kids. At different times, they did. They met here, but they did come over." She paused. What she heard of Ireland from her parents was generally nostalgic, more so with each passing year. "That's the reason you want to hire me?"

"It is a factor," Patrick admitted, "but only one. Repatriation is a wee bit easier than immigration. However, the computer industry is quite strong in the States and your talents are of great interest to us."

"I don't know," Kate admitted. "I'm not saying no or anything just yet."

"You should sleep on it," he offered, handing her a card. "Come to this office tomorrow. I have a short presentation that you'll find quite informative." Kate accepted it, grateful that she had a chance to digest this development.

The next day was a reminder of what she didn't like about her job. The day she wore a skirt, Kate was tasked with crawling around checking for loose wires because someone else didn't come in. Even though she didn't want to, Kate ended up clipping her curly hair back to avoid it getting caught. She was definitely looking forward to the presentation.

Kate could see why there wasn't a position at the United States office. The storefront had a couple of offices, a meeting room and a receptionist. She was quite beautiful, with flowing dark hair and emerald green eyes. She also had an accent, one that Kate was beginning to find quite charming.

"It's so lovely to see you, Katie. Mr. Kelly is waiting for you." Kate smiled briefly at being called "Katie." She had thought it adolescent to use most times. She was beginning to really like this place.

She found Patrick in the little conference room. She saw some very comfy leather chairs and a computer projector. Kate asked, "Is this all for me?"

"I hope so," he said. "If you accept our offer, I'll be taking you back to the home office. Please, sit."

"Right up front?" Patrick nodded. Kate put on her glasses as he turned off the lights. She watched the screen. It turned out to be a video presentation about the company, but mostly about the area. It talked about Ireland's low unemployment rate and booming high-tech industry. Kate was familiar with most of this and found herself listening to the music instead. It was typical promotional stuff, but it had an Irish flavor. The longer she listened, the more calming and relaxing it became. The lush green fields on the screen and the rich, lush tones in her head seemed to go on forever. She thought she should check her watch, but found herself with no desire to do so.

Suddenly, the lights came up and Kate blinked her eyes. She straightened up in her chair. "Oh God. Did I fall asleep?"

Patrick looked at her and smiled. "I didn't think so. I suppose it was a bit more tedious than I was led to believe."

"Oh, no! It was ... fascinating," she said, taking off her glasses.

"That's wonderful. I know you have to get back to work now, but could we discuss some more details over a pint tonight?"

"Yes," Kate said without thinking.

"And perhaps you could show me this city of yours," Patrick suggested. Kate smiled and they made a date.

Back at her apartment, Kate pondered the wisdom of going out with a potential employer. It wasn't a date, but she found herself dressing like it was one. She was just showing him the city, a place that had begun to disappoint her over the last few months. Maybe it was the romantic charm of moving back to her native home that gave her romantic feelings toward Patrick. "Besides," she thought, "I'm not actually working for him yet."

Patrick picked Kate up at her place. Her long golden-red hair was unfettered and the night air was very favorable to it. She wore a short black dress and dark hose, making her think she looked like an extra from "Riverdance." However, it looked very good on her and Patrick said she was absolutely stunning. Kate tried to show him around, but she didn't actually have a lot of haunts to take him to. They walked and talked for a while and wound up at Patrick's hotel.

"Ah, now we can have that pint," he said.

"Okay," Kate said, "but one is all I'm good for. Especially that intense stuff you Irish guys drink."

"Tis a mighty ale," he said. "In the states, the beer is too green and the grass isn't green enough." Kate laughed as they went inside. Despite her claim, she was good for a couple of drinks. An hour later, she could only just get to Patrick's room where he sat her down and made some coffee.

"That better not be Irish coffee," she warned.

"Wouldn't think of it," he said, handing it to her. "I hope you'll come to find a better class of gentlemen." Kate smiled, drinking her coffee. "Luckily, I have a cure for you." He waited for her to finish the coffee. "Now, set the cup down and close your eyes. The best thing to do is sit and let the spirits move through you."

Patrick stepped behind her and was able to not so subtly admire Kate's legs. He then gently brushed her hair back, rubbing her temples. She sighed slightly. "That's right Katie, just sit and relax. There's nothing you can do now but wait. Wait and listen to the sound of my voice."

"I like your voice," Kate added.

"Thank you. Then you should listen as you relax. In just a little time you will be feeling much better. You can go back to your apartment and go to sleep. You want to go to sleep very much. Tomorrow is a very important day. You'll be coming home."

Kate had vague memories of waking up and getting into a cab with Patrick. She had more distinct memories of being put to bed in her apartment. There were also fragments of a conversation about packing up her place and what to keep. Then there was possibly a dreamlike encounter where she pulled Patrick on the bed and made out with him. Regardless, when she woke up there was a plane ticket on her night stand.

She went into work to see her supervisor. "Robert, I have a couple of weeks vacation coming to me, at least. Might I take them next week?"

Her boss barely looked up. "You can take one. The other one you'll have to schedule."

She smiled. "Okay. The week after next I'll be taking some personal days." Robert looked up. "Oh, and by the way, I'm giving my notice."

"What!" He exclaimed. "You can't do that."

"I just did," she said matter-of-factly.

"You're going to get a terrible reference from this and you can forget about 100% severance!"

"Don't care," she said.

"Kate!" He said to her back.

"It's Katie," she replied, walking away.

She was positively glowing on the plane back to Ireland. She now thought of it as going back. Patrick was there with her. Katie's things were being shipped to her. They would get there eventually. She was also planning to send for her family. They would love to come back, too. She was sure of it.

Patrick explained the details of her position. "For the first six months, you'll be working half days. The rest of the time will be orientation at my house."

"Sure," she said.

"After that, most of your time will be spent at the company. In the evenings, you'll have some light housekeeping duties and be my sexual plaything." She nodded, smiling.

"You are a beautiful girl. For many reasons my charms aren't nearly as effective on the ones who grew up here. In a year or so, perhaps, you'll interest me somewhat less and there'll just be the work at the company."

"Okay."

"Of course, that will be at a somewhat reduced salary, you understand. By then, you may find yourself falling for one of our junior executives. I just have to decide which."

"I understand," Katie replied quietly.

"Now go to sleep. You should be rested for your new life." Katie's head slipped forward as she dreamed of home.
