Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book One: The Priestess's Passion Three: The Angel's Cherry Gift
Summary: A mage learns of his true destiny whle the leywife learns why she's being targeted.
Keywords: MF fantasy magic inc oral 1st super preg

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Stefan Halian  Esh-Esh, the Magery of Thosi

I was shocked by the angel's appearance. By her words. I blinked, wondering if I was still dreaming. If my mind hadn't conjured her arrival in my small room in the Collegiate Tower. I didn't know what to do. What to say.

My father? I asked. Why would an angel care about my father? What is going on?

Your father is the God Pater, she said.

My mind slipped. That didn't make sense. How could I be the son of a God? He's the Father of All, my mouth said. It was like it was working on its own as my mind grappled with this idea. Every human, dwarf, orc, halfling, and even goblins are his children in a metaphorical sense.

I'm talking in a literal sense, the angel said. Her fiery hair swayed around her shoulders. You are a demigod, Stefan. You are one of his progeny. He blessed your mother with his love, and now he needs you. Someone wants to kill him.

My mind really slipped. It was like a wagon were one of the wheels had popped off its axle. My mind sagged, unable to move. To get past these impossible ideas. I was a demigod? Someone wanting to kill a God?

That's impossible, I muttered. I wanted to wake up. This was a crazy dream. I rubbed my hands up and down my thighs.

Her hands touched me. The angel stroked my cheeks. Her touch was gentle, her fingertips softer than any woman's. It felt almost like my mother was touching me. I swallowed and looked up at her. Her diamond eyes had a sparkle in them. They spoke of truth. Beauty. My mind engaged again, the wheels slipping back into place.

How can someone kill a God, I said, still feeling awed by this moment, but able to function. Back in control.

Her wings flared wide and her halo glowed bright. A terrible man, one who has hidden himself from the Gods, plots to murder Pater. He has made his move this very evening. He has attacked a temple consecrated to your holy father and put to the sword many of your priests. It is time for you to awaken to your blood's destiny. My Holy Mother, the divine Slata, the Mother of All, has sent me to you. She wishes to protect her husband and father.

Slata, the Mother of All, was the wife of Pater. His second wife as well as his daughter. When Mater, the first Goddess, grew jealous of Pater and his cock, she made her own and impregnated herself with it to birth the five hermaphroditic races. Slata replaced her mother in both Pater's bed and in his heart.

She has offered me to you to be your servant, Stefan, the angel continued. It is a great honor. It will take a mortal to track him down. One who has the motivation to defend his father.

My father... No wonder mother always wore the pendant in his name and thought of him fondly despite being abandoned by him. Pater didn't dwell with any of his mortal lovers. He descended to the earth, made love to them, and then returned to the Adamant Palace in the Astral Realm. 

I am yours, Stefan Halian, she said. She held out her hand and a diamond key rested in it, gleaming in the light. The Mother of All has given me to you. I am utterly yours.

My eyes flashed to the chastity belt she wore. Slata outfitted the demigoddess who served her with chastity belts to protect their virginity from her husband's prowess. She wanted her messengers focused. Pater would have plucked them all and distracted them from their duty serving his wife. Other Gods and Goddesses used their angels in other ways. Very few angels ever had their virginities sacrificed.

It would forever separate her from her sister.

You're okay with this? I asked as I plucked the key from her. A heat swelled in my cock as I glanced up her body, past her round breasts, to her face framed by that fiery hair. Golden light highlighted her locks. 

I am, she said, smiling. This is the dream of all my sisters. We all yearn for sexual pleasure. It is as much your reward as mine. She closed my hand around her key. My pussy juices will power your magic.

Embarrassment flushed my cheeks. I'm not a very good mage. 

This would be my last year I'd be allowed to study. I was at the lowest level still. Most who started training my year had attained the red robes of a journeyman. Even those younger than me had passed the tests. Some had even gained the coveted black robes of a master. 

I'm still an acolyte. You sure that I'm a demigod.

Slata is, she said. She watches all her husband's trysts. She.. masturbates to him pleasing those mortal women and waits for his return to taste their passion upon his cock. She keeps track of his progeny.

My cheeks warmed. My mother was one of those women. It was strange to think of her as a sexual being. She had been my mother. I was a child when she was alive. I squeezed my hand tight around the key.

Your destiny brims in your blood, and my pussy juices will power your magic, she said. Have you ever used a demigoddess's cunt cream to fuel your spells?

No, I admitted. Sexual fluids were the spark of life. They powered magic. For a male mage like me, we drank pussy juices. I had vials of it collected from human women and the simulacrum the Collegiate Tower had created for that purpose. Female mages used cum.

Unlock me, and let us embrace your destiny together, she said. Claim me as yours.

My cock swelled harder. I knew what she meant. A virginity was a powerful thing for some divine beings, and an angel who had possessed hers for eons would have consequences for losing hers. Bonding to me could be one of them.

I pressed the key into the lock. The diamond slipped into her lock. I twisted it. A loud click echoed. I expected the chastity belt to open, for the silvery metal to fall off her legs and clattered on the floor. It burst into a flash of light. Pure like her diamond eyes. It spilled over me, bathing me in warmth for a moment.

Then it was gone.

Her hairless pussy lay before me brimming with her juices. I breathed in, my nose filling with her sweet aroma. It was a pure scent. Lovely. It was similar to mortal cunts I'd smelled, but there was a subtle difference. Something special. Inhuman. 

Invigorating and irresistible.

I grabbed her rump and pulled her to me. Her wings fluttered. Her round breasts swayed over me. She smiled down at me as I nuzzled into her pussy. Her hands slid through my hair. She gripped my brown hair. My goatee pressed into her shaved lips.

She gasped and then giggled. Oh, your facial hair feels delightful on my pussy, Stefan.

Yeah, a lot of the ladies love it, I said. I rubbed into her folds. I had devoured hundreds of pussies since I began my studies at the Collegiate Tower. I loved them all. 

My tongue fluttered out, tasting her sweet cunt. The whiskers rasped against her flesh. She shuddered, her breasts jiggling and swaying. The flavor of her pussy melted across my taste buds. I groaned as I savored my first taste of angelic cunt. It was heavenly.

I licked again and again. I feasted on her with hunger. Her moans echoed through my small room as I savored the wonderful taste of her pussy. A male mage loved cunt cream like a female mage loved cum. This was the best-tasting snatch ever.

Her juices flowed down my throat. I could feel the power that her fluids held. How she would fuel my magic beyond what any human woman's cream would. Especially life magic. I gripped her ass, her firm rump flexing beneath my finger as she wiggled back and forth. Her breasts swayed and her wings flapped.

Oh, yes, Stefan, she moaned. The divine spark's rapture, that's good. Your whiskers! Your tongue! I had no idea sex felt this good.

We're just getting started, I told her. I rubbed my whiskers up and down her pussy lips and brushed her clit.

She gasped. Her eyes widened. Her fingers held my hair tight. Her halos golden light swelled brighter as she moaned. Her sweet pussy flowed out of her cunt. I savored every moment of feasting on her. This delightful pleasure swept through me. My cock ached hard.

I'd get to satiate her.

My tongue pressed on her hymen. It nestled between the folds of her pussy, guarding the source of her virginity. Her wings flapped wider. The air stirred around me. More and more juices flowed, soaking my goatee. Her scent filled my nose.

Creation's passion! she moaned, her head snapping back. Golden light burst through the room. Yes!

The shock of her orgasm struck me. I had barely started licking at her when she exploded. Her cunt gushed out of her juices and bathed my face. Her rump flexed beneath my hands. She held tight as she wiggled her hips from side to side. She ground against me. Her cream gushed out of me and flooded my mouth.

Her wings flapped as she trembled through her orgasm. I flicked my tongue up to her clit, brushing it. She gasped. Her fingers gripped my hair tight. She held me to her cunt. Her breasts jiggled. She bucked a final time.

Stefan, she groaned. That was amazing.

Yes, I growled and then licked her again. I slid my tongue through her folds. I caressed her. Slid over her. It was incredible to tease her. To drink more of her juices. My body brimmed with the potential of magic. 

She tasted so good.

You keep licking me, she moaned. 

I need more, I panted. I barely got to eat you. I wanted to devour you. You taste amazing, Ahlona.

But I must pleasure you, she moaned. Is your cock not rampant with your arousal?

It is, but your pussy tastes so good.

She shuddered, staring down at me. Is there no way to do both? I have heard of a practice of mortals wherein they lie upon each other in different directions.

A sixty-nine, I groaned. Yes! I stretched out on the narrow bed, my cock thrusting up. I licked around my lips. I savored her. Sit on my face. Bend over and suck on my dick while I devour you.

That sounds delicious, purred Ahlona. The angel clapped her hands together, her diamond-bright eyes gleaming with passion. I liked cumming, and I want to make you cum, too, Stefan.

The angel threw her leg over my head and settled down on my face. That hairless, semi-divine cunt lowered to my mouth. Her cute ass flexed. I stared up her supple back to her wings thrusting out around her shoulder blades. Her feathers had a pearly sheen to them. They looked delicious. Special. Perfect. 

Then her cunt settled on my face and I licked.

I slid from her clit to her taint, brushing her hymen. She moaned as she leaned down my body. Her breasts pressed into my stomach. Her hand grabbed my cock. She cooed as she stroked up and down my dick, sounding excited.

Such a pretty cock, she said. She squeezed as she held my cock upright. Then her tongue licked out and slid around the spongy crown and tip. Pleasure shot down me. My balls twitched. Mmm, that's good.

So is your cunt, I groaned and fluttered my tongue up and down her folds.

She nibbled on the crown of my dick. She moved around it, loving my cock as I fluttered my tongue over her juicy labia. I savored the taste of her. The pleasure of her sweet juices soaking my mouth. My goatee rasped against her cunt.

Her hips wiggled from side to side. She ground her snatch on my mouth while her lips sucked on the tip of my cock. I groaned as her lips slid over my crown. Warm, wet delight engulfed more and more of my dick. Her tongue swirled around me.

Suck, I panted. You have to suck.

She did.

I groaned.

The suction rose the pressure to the pinnacle of my cock. My balls twitched and throbbed. My tongue caressed her flesh. I licked at her cunt. I slid up and down her folds, teasing her. I loved the taste of her pussy. That sweet cream.

I could die feasting on this cunt. It was the best thing I'd ever enjoyed. I slid over her hymen while she moaned around my cock. She sucked and slurped. My cock throbbed in her mouth. Her hand gripped the base, stroking me.

Gods, that's good, I groaned. Pater's cock, you're good at that. 

For a moment, it struck me that I had been swearing by my father's cock for all these years.

I shook my head and attacked her pussy. I fluttered my tongue around her clit and then latched on. I sucked hard. My tongue nuzzled into the folds of her pussy, caressing over her hymen. I breathed in her musk while I nursed on her bud.

She moaned. She groaned. She sucked with so much hunger on my cock. Her breasts rubbed into my stomach. Her nipples poked hard at me. Her asscheeks clenched. Her wings flapped. The pleasure surged through me. My balls grew tighter and tighter. The pressure built. 

I would fire so much cum into her mouth, and she would drown my mouth in pussy cream.

Her every suck brought me closer to that point. The angel's wings rustled. She squirmed on me, her breasts rubbing into my stomach. My tongue fluttered through her folds. I licked and lapped at her. I savored the taste of her. The flavor of her cunt cream seasoned my mouth with that sweet cream.

Her moans grew louder. The hum of her passion echoed around my cock's crown. The pleasure buzzed down my shaft. I groaned, loving the feel of her sucking at me. I panted into her cunt. My fingers squeezed her rump.

Gods damn, Ahlona, I groaned. Keep doing that. I'm going to flood your mouth.

She sucked with such hunger. The angel loved me with fervent delight. Her tongue darted around the tip of my aching dick. I nibbled on her clit, my nose rubbing into her cunt folds. I was so close to erupting. To exploding in her.

Her hands seized my balls. She massaged them. This rush of sensation surged to the tip of my cock. Cum erupted into her mouth. I groaned as my jizz spurted. Her wings rustled. Her body shifted on me. She moaned and swallowed.

Gods damn, yes! I moaned. Pater... Damn, you're amazing, Ahlona. Yes, yes, that's great. Keep sucking on me.

My jizz fired into her mouth again and again. This wonderful bliss pumped through my body. Ecstasy reached my mind. I moaned around her clit. I sucked hard on her. I nursed with all my passion on her bud.

Her rump flexed beneath my fingers. She squealed around my erupting cock. Juices gushed out of her pussy. That amazing and heady flood of sweet cream. I swallowed it. I drank it down like it was the most delicious substance. Better than ambrosia, the drink of the Gods. 

I licked it up.

I lapped it.

She sucked out the last of my cum, leaving me buzzing in bliss while she trembled through her own pleasure. Her lips kept nursing on me. The tip of my cock throbbed. Jolts of pleasure shot through me while I drank her passion. 

Gods, you are amazing, Ahlona, I panted. That's the most delicious pussy I have ever eaten.
Then her mouth popped off my cock. She let out a satiated moan. And yours is the best cum I've ever tasted.

Have you ever tasted any other cum? I asked, feeling amazing.

She wiggled her hips, rubbing her pussy into my goatee. True, I have not, but I loved it. And I love your facial hair. Ooh, yes, that makes my pussy feel so naughty. Makes me want your cock in me. She stroked me. Mmm, this dick needs to be in me. You have to take me. Make me yours. I'm your guide, Stefan. I'll lead you to save Pater.

I have no idea how to do that, I muttered.

Mmm, I'm sure you'll figure something out, she said. She turned around. We'll have to catch up. He launched his attack in Secare. It's at least a week travel.

Okay, I said. If you want me to take your virginity, you have to stop rubbing your cunt against my goatee.

She giggled. But it feels so good. Ooh, just scratching all these naughty bits. And the sound... That rasping noise makes me feel so wicked. Her hand stroked up and down me. But, I guess, I should turn around.

Her wings flapped hard and I gasped as she lifted off my body. The angel's hard strokes of her wings twisted her body. Her fiery hair slashed through the air. She then landed on my bed straddling me. Her hands planted on my chest. She stared down at me with those diamond-clear eyes. She licked her lips, staring with such hunger at me.

I grabbed her waist and then I rolled her over. She gasped and folded her wings around her torso, hugging her breasts. She was on her back a moment later. She unfurled her wings, her feathers brushing across my chest. My cock rubbed into her hairless pussy, her juices soaking my tip.

I stared down at her. She looked up at me, smiling. Her hands slid up my torso to my shoulders. She grabbed me and pulled me down. I settled down on her. I leaned in to kiss her on the lips. My cock pressed into her cunt. Her juicy flesh rubbed into my cock. She felt incredible against my dick.

I rubbed my dick against her hot flesh as I kissed her. I claimed my angel's lips. My angel... The thought rippled through me. This was like the legend of some hero. An angel descending down to be his lover, to guide him to his destiny.

It felt surreal. Me? Really? One of the poorest mages at the Collegiate Tower.

And yet here she was. Lithe and hot beneath me. I kissed her hard, my blood boiling. My cock rubbed into her cunt. I shifted my hips, my dick's crown sliding through her folds. My tip pressed into her hymen. Her virginity stopped me from going farther.

I pressed on her. She whimpered and groaned. Her arms wrapped around me. Then her wings. She hugged me with both her limbs. Her feathers caressed my back. Her tongue dueled with mine. Her fingernails bit into my back as her hymen stretched and stretched.

And Popped.

My cock tore through her virginity. She squealed into my mouth as my cock slipped into her virginal depths. Her snatch stretched around my shaft as I went deeper and deeper. I penetrated her, sliding into her heavenly depths.

She broke the kiss and gasped, Stefan. Creation's passion, that's incredible. You're in me!

Yes, I growled. Her thighs squeezed around me. Slata's cunt, you're tight. You're amazing, Ahlona.

Mmm, thank you for the compliment, she moaned. To think I could be as tight as my Holy Mother.

Damn, I groaned. My two favorite gods to swear by. Saphique felt weird to use, the lesbian sister of Slata didn't cast her favor on men. Cnawen's knowledge, but you're a delight, Ahlona. You know that.

I'm a gift, she moaned, staring up at me. You've claimed me. Unwrapped me. I'm yours. You shall accomplish great things. I am fortunate to be with you. Finally.

Her words swept through me. They inspired me. I kissed her again as I drew back my cock. I slid through her deflowered depths. Her juicy twat gripped me. Her hot flesh massaged me. I thrust back into her. I buried into the hilt in her wonderful cunt.

She moaned. Her snatch squeezed around me. Her amazing pussy gripped me with that tight, hot grip. The pleasure spilled through me. I groaned, loving every moment of this. I pumped back into her. I buried to the hilt in her again and again.

She kissed me with passion. Her arms and wings held me tight. Her hips moved, meeting my strokes. I pumped in and out of her juicy snatch. Her cunt clenched around my dick when I drew back. This wonderful heat swept down my shaft to my balls. 

I loved this. I penetrated her snatch again and again. I slipped into her amazing deflowered twat over and over. She felt incredible about me, tight and hot. I was lucky to experience this. Not just an angel's pussy, but a virgin angel's pussy.

My tongue darted around inside her mouth. 

I kissed her with passion as our bodies moved together.

My balls smacked into her taint. I buried into her snatch again and again. I slammed into her twat. I slammed into her cunt. Her pussy squeezed around me. She gripped me. My tongue danced through her mouth. I loved being in her.

I broke the kissed and moaned, Ahlona!

Yes, yes, Stefan! she moaned. We're united. This is wonderful. I have waited so long for this. So glad Slata changed her mind! Thank you! Divine spark's rapture! You're making me feel incredible. Your cock feels amazing in my pussy.

She gripped my cock with her juicy pussy. She massaged me with every plunge into her hot depths. The silky friction massaged the passion at the tip of my cock. I groaned, coming closer and closer to that moment of eruption.

My balls tightened. Her breasts rubbed against my chest. Her nipples caressed me. I pumped in and out of her cunt. I buried into her. My orgasm built faster and faster as I loved the feel of her around me. She was intoxicating. She clutched around my dick.

Stefan! Stefan! she moaned. Yes! You are Pater's son! You are making me feel so amazing. Like a woman! Like my mother! Please, please, deliver more pleasure to me.

Gods, yes! I groaned, my hands stroking her side. I drilled into her, staring into those clear eyes of her. They were so bright and passionate. They inspired me so much.

I pumped hard and fast. I rammed into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. It was the best feeling in the world. I didn't hold back my strokes. I loved being in her. I savored every touch of her angelic pussy around me. Her wings stroked my back. Her feathers caressed me.

Then she gasped. Her face twisted in rapture. Her breasts pressed into my chest as she bucked beneath me. Her cunt spasmed around my dick. The orgasmic pleasure of her rapture rippled around my thrusting shaft. I shuddered at the massage of her twat. I buried to the hilt in her.

Creation's passion! she gasped. Stefan! This is amazing!

I growled as I rammed into her and exploded.

My cum spurted again and again into her spasming twat. She milked me. I groaned with each eruption. The pleasure slammed through my body. Stars burst with each one. I grunted, savoring every moment.

Gods, Ahlona!

Yes, yes, give me your seed! she moaned, her halo glowing brighter and brighter. A mini-sun glowed over her head. I'm yours, Stefan! Your angel!

She held me tight as her pussy drained me. I groaned through the pleasure. I nuzzled into her cheek. I kissed at her skin, held in her embrace. My balls emptied it. I panted and she whimpered, her wings stroking my back.

Oh, yes, Stefan. She turned her head. Her lips kissed at my cheeks. We have to leave. Soon. We must reach the Temple of Lily's Blossom as fast as possible to pick up the trail.

Right, I groaned. How are we going to do that?

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica  The Temple of Lily's Blossom

I clung to the knight as he escorted me through the temple. I struggled not to look at the carnage. I felt numb, empty. Why had those goblins wanted me? If Sir Bryce hadn't arrived, I would be raped and captured. 

My gaze shielded away from every priest or leywife slain. People I knew. My husband-to-be, the powerful leader of the temple, was dead. I had been looking forward to serving Pater by wedding one of his servants. It was why I had come to the temple, to be chosen as a priest's wife. The men who served him gathered harems. The more women they were allowed to wed, the higher their status. 

I would have elevated Bishop Tomas Sanderian to be the High Priest of Pater. 

Soon, we were outside the temple on the grass. He gathered up the reins to a black warhorse covered in armor, a mean-looking beast. He led me away as the night deepened. Stars twinkled overhead. I felt so hollow inside. Numb by what happened. I just stumbled at his side. It was easier than thinking. Than reacting to what had happened.

I don't know how long we walked along the lakeshore beside the temple. Finally, he stopped and I sank down onto a blanket he spread out on the ground. I stared dully at the dark surface of the lake rippling with a wind. It was cold, but I hardly noticed it.

I kept seeing faces I knew. People I had grown to care for. Did all of Tomas's wives perish in the attack? Was I the only survivor? Were there more of the goblins out there? I vaguely remembered hearing them still looting as we left.

A fire burned on the horizon. The temple. They set it aflame. One of the great miracles of Pater. Lily's grave desecrated. It felt like such a crime. I stared at it, the flames devouring the evidence of what those foul goblins had done, cleansing it with destruction. 

Why? I croaked.

A man angry at fate and the Gods, the knight answered. 

I blinked out of my daze and realized a fire burned before me. It seemed as large as the blaze on the horizon, that the temple had been reduced in scale to a campfire. Orange light danced over me and off the steel of his armor. He was prying off his protection.

Pain twisted his face. His visor was off. He held pale skin like me, a Secaran, and short, black hair matted with sweat. He was old enough to be my father, a touch of gray in his hair, but he still held his strength. He had experience to go with that martial prowess. His eyes appeared orange in the glowing fire, but they were probably brown. It was a common hue in the kingdom. 

With a snarl, he ripped off his gauntlet from his left hand. The mailed glove fell to the ground, made of segments of armor riveted together with chainmail in places to protect the gaps. A bruised swelling engulfed his wrist. The vambrace cladding his forearm possessed a dent. He worked on leather straps and then pulled it off, snarling through clenched teeth.

Oh, no, she gasped at the sight of his arm. It was broken, twisted in ways it shouldn't. Without the vambrace for support, she could see the bones moving beneath the skin. Trapped blood had swollen his limb, his fingers looking like fat sausages. He slammed his right fist into an armored thigh. How bad of a break is it?

Bad, he said. He drew in two deep breaths. Then he began working on the straps of his pauldrons that covered his shoulders. He took them off one at a time. I watched him, shocked he could act with such pain. Next, he attacked the straps of the breastplate with his right hand. He pried them off and spilled his armor off. He set it beside him, careful not to damage it.

He had a muscled physique, hardened by wearing such weight with ease. Around his neck, he wore a gold amulet with a white-and-black checkerboard pattern. 

He began removing the bands of plate covering his feet and shins. He had done this before, I realized, removing his armor one-handed. I'd never met such a tough and powerful man before. He was no soft priest or even a strutting town guard.

He was a knight.

Which order? she asked. You're Secaran. Are you a Knight Deute? They were one of the three orders of knights and the only one which had mixed gender. The other two, the Knights Posthe and Knights Voizu were all male and all female respectively. They were based in other kingdoms. 

I was one, he said. Now I'm a paladin of Lagu.

Which meant he had access to divine prayers, like a priest, but they would be lesser ones. Martial ones. Enchanting blade and armor, giving stamina, ignoring pain. For a while. He was clearly beyond the limits of those spells. Pain wracked his face.

Lagu? I asked. You're hunting a criminal? Or was it chance?

A criminal, he growled. The one who sent those goblins to attack your temple. To seize you. He wants you dead.

Why? I shook my head. I'm no one. I'm eighteen, a daughter of a potter and a seamstress.

And a consort of Pater carrying his divine child in your womb, he added.

I only quickened a month ago, she said, cupping hands to her belly. How could he have learned of it?

Priests talk. Bishop Sanderian boasted of his impending nuptials to a Leywife of Pater.

Still, I said. Why would he want me? Does he fear the child?

He wishes to slay a God. His eyes landed on me. Powerful. Intense. Your God.

Pater? I clapped hands to my mouth. I shook my head. That's impossible.

He would disagree. He's a dangerous man. Driven. I must deny him the tools that he'll need to do it. He fixed his gaze on me as he removed the lower half his armor, the plates covering hips and groin. The last of it. He wore only a breechcloth wrapped around his crotch. You're a Leywife of Pater. That gives you powers for as long as you carry His child.

I swallowed, my gaze falling on his arm. I don't know how to use them. I'm told I can heal the sick.

And more, he said. He stretched onto his back. Give me a few minutes, and then I'll get you some food. You must be hungry.

No, I said. I don't think I'll ever eat again. They're all dead.

You'll eat, he said. Living is the best thing you can do. It's defiance against the man who seeks your death, and it allows you to carry on the memory of those you've lost. His right hand went to an amulet around his neck, hanging from a gold chain. A pattern of black onyx and white opal adorned the front, making a checkerboard.

An amulet to Luben, God of Love? Strange for a paladin of Lagu to carry.

I can heal you, I said. Your arm. You must be in terrible pain.

Needs to be set, he said. Damned goblin had the strength of ten men. Broke my shield and arm in a single blow.

You killed him.

He stared up in the sky, still playing with the amulet. What knights and paladins do. All those pretty words we speak, all those flowery words the poets right about us, are just empty air. We're men and women who butcher. We do it to the monsters before they can do it to us. Usually.

Let me try, I said. It's my sexual fluids. That's where the power is found. I know that much. My pregnancy empowers my passion.

Pater is a lusty God, he said. Not as much as Las.

A burst of laughter exploded out of me before I realized it. Who is lustier than the God of Lust? He is passion unrestrained while Pater is the virility of fatherhood. The seed that starts a new life in a woman. It's sex with purpose, not sex for pure gratification. It is to bring the next generation into this world, the only immortality us mortals have.

So why does Pater bother? He glanced at me. At my belly. Why did he plant a babe in your stomach when he's going to outlive us all?

Because he is the God of Fathers. He must uphold that aspect of himself. Just as Slata must be a mother, or Saphique a lesbian, Pater must plant his seed from time to time. Even your Lagu must write new laws so that her daughter, Iustia, can seek justice. Her head cocked. Is that what a Paladin of Lagu does? Punish those who break the law?

He nodded.

Wouldn't that be Iustia's sphere.

Justice isn't punishment. It's righting what has been wronged. It might be to reward someone as easily as to punish someone. Or educate. Or mitigate. I don't care about that. Law is broken, a sacred vow violated, and I mean to punish the one who did it. His eyes bored into mine. I need you to do that, Monica.

I glanced at the temple burning in the distance. I nodded emphatically. I will. Let me help you. Let me heal your arm.

He gave a slight nod and closed his eyes, his hand squeezed around his amulet.

I rose, the firelight painting across my naked body. I stroked my flat belly, feeling the nascent life inside of me. The little demigod who would become such a powerful man or woman one day. A great hero who would slay monsters, right wrongs, and fight evil. 

I straddled the paladin's head. I sank my pussy down to his face. I could feel the excitement already flowing. This man had saved me. He had fought through a horde of goblins to rescue me. It was like a fairy tale. 

My hands rubbed up and down his muscled chest as I settled my pussy on his face. I shuddered at the feel of his stubble on my shaved vulva. He needed to drink my pussy juices while I concentrated. I focused on healing him, on restoring his body.

Las's cum, he growled and then licked through my pussy.

I shuddered at the delight of his tongue licking with bold strokes up and down my slit. My twin braids of hair swayed down my naked back. My breasts jiggled as pleasure flowed through my body. It was the gift of the Gods to feel delight, to revel in the connection we could forge with each other.

Nothing was more intimate than sharing your passion with another. His tongue fluttered through my folds and then found the entrance to my pregnant pussy. I gasped as he darted inside of me. He swirled around in me. My body trembled. I wiggled my hips from side to side. I groaned, my breasts jiggling as he feasted on me.

Is it working? I moaned, concentrating at healing him.

I don't know, he groaned. But you taste good. Maybe it's my imagination, but the pain's numbing. I do have a delicious cunt on my mouth. It's been a long time since I've enjoyed this.

I smiled as his tongue darted through my folds. He licked and lapped at my cunt. My hips danced from side to side, grinding my cunt on his whiskered lips. The rasp of stubble mixed with the caress of his tongue.

He brushed my clit with his tongue. My eyes glanced at his swollen arm. Was he healing? I shuddered and gasped as the bruised hue faded. He sucked on my pussy hole, drawing out my pregnant cream into his mouth. My blessed juices.

The bones shifted beneath his arm. They were moving back into position. He snarled into my cunt and then sucked hard again. I gasped, the pleasure rippling through me. It felt so good to indulge in passion. A distraction.

It's working, I moaned, the fingers in his left hand moving. Flexing. The swelling was almost all gone, his arm straight again. Oh, Pater, thank you. It's working. Thank you for breeding me.

With a final pop, his bones mended. His arms moved. His hands grabbed my thighs. He clutched at me with his strong, calloused fingers. So unlike a soft priest's hands. They were so manly. They stroked me, rough but wonderful on the silk of my skin.

I whimpered and groaned on him. My hands massaged down his stomach. His breechcloth twitched. His cock tented the linen. I smiled as he engorged. He growled, licking me for pleasure now, feasting on my pussy.

Mmm, Sir Bryce, I moaned, my body trembling. My breasts swayed as my orgasm built in my bred depths. Oh, yes, yes, Sir Bryce, you are skilled.

It's easy to be skilled with such a magnificent pussy to eat.

I gasped as he thrust his tongue into my depths. He swirled it around inside of me. I shuddered on him. My hips wiggled from side to side. I stirred my pussy around on his mouth. My hair danced. The pleasure flowed through me. My whimpers echoed through the night air, rising over the crackling of the fire.

My orgasm built so fast. This powerful, hunky knight devoured me with hunger. He plunged his tongue over and over into my cunt. My clit rubbed into his cheek. The stubble felt incredible on my naughty bud.

Pleasure surged through me. I groaned, my cunt clenching. I wiggled from side to side. I danced on him. I ground my snatch on him, building towards that wonderful pleasure. I would have such an amazing orgasm. It would be incredible. 

I would cum so hard on him.

Sir Bryce! I moaned. Oh, yes, yes! Sir Bryce, that's incredible. You're making me feel so good. I'm going to cum.

He latched onto my clit. I gasped. My head snapped back. My round breasts bounced. He sucked on me hard and fast. My hair danced around my shoulders. This felt incredible. The way he sucked on me. Nibbled and teased me. I came closer and closer to that wonderful moment of bliss.

Of my release.

My cunt clenched. My asshole tingled. His nose rubbed into my taint as he nursed on my clit. My fingers scratched at his abs. I stared at that hard cock tenting his breechcloth. He growled into my bud. The pleasure surged to the peak in me.

Pater! I howled as I came. Thank you, Pater, for sending a champion to protect me!

My pussy juices flowed out of me. They bathed his mouth. He growled. His two strong hands clutched my thighs. He licked and lapped at my twat as the pleasure flowed through my body. It rushed through me. A powerful delight to feel. A blessed experience. I groaned, my head swaying from side to side. I felt dizzy from the bliss rushing through me. From the passion.

I drenched him with my pleasure as each wave washing out of my spasming cunt brought me higher and higher. They carried me towards the shores of ecstasy. I gasped as I reached them, reveling in this wonderful moment.

And then it passed.

My orgasm dwindled. I groaned and panted as his tongue brushed my pussy lips. Teasing me. I shook my head. Sir Bryce. Mmm, that was amazing.

You healed my arm. Least I could do.

I nodded and slid off of him. I stared down at the man who saved me. At the passion in his brown eyes. He was driven to punish this lawbreaker. The intensity of his gaze captured me. He would protect me.

Grief beat in my heart. I didn't want to feel it. I wanted to forget the horrors of this night for a little while longer. I leaned down and kissed him. I pressed my lips on his, tasting my sweet pussy juices. They adorned his lips, fresh and hot and tingling with an invigorating energy.

I felt little aches and bruises from the goblin fading as I kissed him. I shifted my body, moving to straddle him while I kept my lips locked on his. They twisted around, pivoting on him. I threw my leg over his torso. I was on him, rubbing my cunt into his muscled abdomen.

I gasped as his arms engulfed me. Then he rolled me over. He was atop me, my favorite place for a man to be. His lips were hot on mine. He kissed me with hunger while his cock, through his breechcloth, pressed against my pussy.

He broke the kiss. Are you sure you want to do this?

Yes, I moaned. Help me forget. Please, please. For a little while. They were all such good people. They didn't deserve what happened.

Pain filled his eyes. No, they didn't. The man responsible will pay. I promise you.

I nodded, feeling grief about to overcome me. Kiss me! I moaned. Love me! Please!

His strong limps claimed mine. His weight shifted on me. His hard, muscular body pressed into my soft flesh. My nipples throbbed against him. He reached down and adjusted his breechcloth. He pulled his cock free.

I gasped into his lips as his cock pressed into the entrance of my pussy. He pressed into me. Not hard, but slow. Gentle, even, like he was afraid I would break. I clutched him tight. I held him with all my passion, reveling in his cock filling me up.

I took him to the hilt. I groaned into his strong lips. He kissed me with hunger, but not with aggression. He drew back his cock. I gasped and stirred my cunt around his shaft as he plunged back into me. He was so strong, but he didn't fuck me.

He didn't pound me like a whore.

He made gentle love to me.

I savored his hands stroking my side as he pumped his cock in and out of me. I kept kissing him, clutching to his muscular body. His strength was incredible. Intoxicating. I had never been with such a martial man. He had all that power, but also restraint.

Discipline.

Gods, it was sexy.

My pussy clenched around him, drinking in his girth with every plunge of his cock into my pregnant depths. I held him tight, my hips rotating and stirring my pussy around his delicious dick. He reamed me, the friction sending pleasure through me.

I whimpered into the kiss. My fingers clawed his broad back. Muscles flexed beneath my fingers. He growled, thrusting harder. Faster. He pumped away at me. I loved it. The pleasure spilled through my body with his every stroke. Every hot plunge into my cunt.

I would cum so hard on him.

I stared into his brown eyes. Witnessed his dedication. His promise to punish the bastard who did this. Passion. More. It all brimmed in his eyes. I stared into them as he plunged his hard cock over and over into me.

He sheathed his sword in my sheath.

He broke the kiss and groaned, Gods, Monica.

I know, I gasped. Yes, yes, don't stop. I want your seed to spill in me. I want to cum on your cock, Sir Bryce. You saved me.

It's been so long, he growled, thrusting harder. So long since I felt something so sweet. So tight. Yes!

He thrust harder. His pubic bone and wiry bush rubbed into my clit and pussy lips on every thrust. I shuddered, sparks flaring. My pleasure rose and swelled. I was so close to it. On the verge of cumming so hard on him, I whimpered, holding him tight. 

Sir Bryce! Please, please, Sir Bryce. I'm almost there. He thrust into me. My eyes widened as his pubic hair kissed my pussy lips. Yes!

My pussy spasmed around his cock. My cunt worshiped my savior. My knight. He pumped into my convulsing flesh. His face twisted with rapture. He groaned as he thrust hard, his muscular body shifting over me.

My nipples throbbed as the waves of pleasure swept through me. The powerful ecstasy drowned my mind. I reveled in it. I held him tight as he buried into me again and again. His thick dick filled me over and over.

I gasped. Moaned. Shuddered.

Cum in me! I begged. Please, my knight! My champion! Cum in me!

Gods, yes! he snarled and buried his cock to the hilt in me. His cum spurted hot and powerful into my cunt. 

He flooded me. My pussy spasmed harder. My pleasure swelled. New waves of rapture swept through his body. I trembled beneath him as I milked his cock. I savored the feel of his cum spurting hot against me.

He filled me up to the brim with his passion.

He groaned atop me. I held him tight. I felt so safe as my pleasure swept through me. I groaned a final time. I hit that peak of pleasure and then it died into shuddering bliss. I smiled up at him. I reveled in his strength.

You have nothing to fear, he said. Nothing will harm you tonight. I'm here.

I shuddered and hugged him tight. A weariness fell on me as my pleasure died. I brimmed with his seed. My body shuddered with my pleasure. His arms slipped around me. He held me as he rolled off and pulled me against his side.

With my head resting on his upper arm like a pillow, I let myself fall into sleep. I knew he would defend me.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce Cartith

I stroked Monica's braid of hair as she drifted into sleep. I stared past her to the burning campfire. She fell asleep against me. She was important. I had to protect her. I would keep her safe. I felt the amulet on my chest shifting.

Gods, it had been a long time. 

As the fire burned down to coals, I held her and pictured my next step. We would need a thief. The greatest one alive. She was to the south. Across the mountains and on the other side of the Kingdom of Valya. In the Free City of Raratha, she awaited.

I hoped she was as good as her mother. Better.

To be continued...
