A house elf came at mealtimes and provided changes in clothing. The dressers in the room had been filled with men's clothing, so Katie assumed that she was in Marcus' bedroom. There was an attached bathroom to the bedroom, which probably explained why the bedroom door remained locked and no one but the house elf checked in on her. There was nothing to do but sit in his room, look out of the sealed window or count out his clothes. She had tried banging on the door or using a chair to smash open the window, but it hadn't worked. She tried the chair on the door, but that didn't work either. If anything, it broke the chair leg where it attached to the seat. Petulantly, Katie had kicked the door. She hoped she hadn't broken a toe in the process as she hopped back to the bed and sat down on it.

She was bored out of her mind, which was probably the worst possible torture that Marcus could have come up with. At that point, she might have said or done anything just to give a little variety to her day.

The door opened after four days. Katie had been sitting cross legged on top of the bed, elbows on her knees and chin propped up on one hand as she stared at her reflection in the mirror over the dresser facing the bed. She straightened as Marcus strode into the room, peeling off an outer robe soaked in blood. With a squeak, she leapt off of the bed. "What in Merlin's name have you done?" she cried, horrified at the sight of it.

He looked at her grimly. "You don't want to know."

Katie stood there uncertainly in the red dress the house elves had provided. Once they whisked the school uniform away, it had never returned. She was in a dress that she normally would have worn to an informal dinner party among friends, but she couldn't remember the last time she'd been to one. Probably long before she had graduated school. She twisted her hands in the skirt of the dress. "What now, then?"

He had a fierce expression as he stalked toward her. Katie backed up into the wall, and he had her cornered. "Do you honestly think I'm going to hurt you?" he asked, affronted.

"I don't know," she told him honestly, feeling her knees shake. "There's stories..."

"Of people who aren't me," he told her flatly. She flinched, and pressed herself into the wall. "Did I hurt you?" Katie shook her head. "Why do you suppose that is?" he asked, voice soft and his eyes fixed on her pale, frightened face.

"You haven't figured out what you're going to do with me yet," Katie stammered. "Maybe you don't know where you'll put my body." Her voice cracked on the last word.

Marcus cupped her face in his hand, surprisingly gentle. "Do you really think I'd kill you?"

Katie bit her lip. "I don't know. I never knew you that well before."

He slid a hand down along the side of her body, feeling her shiver at his touch. "And if you ever said anything before, I would've had you at Hogwarts, and you would know I wouldn't kill you."

She looked at him with a troubled gaze. "Why?"

Marcus brought his hand down from her face, trailing it across her jaw and letting it rest on her breast. His other hand tugged the hem of her skirt up. "Do you need to ask?"

Katie's breath caught as she felt his fingers on the bare skin of her thigh. "You hardly know me," she whispered. "You never..."

"I'm four years older than you, Bell. Do you think I would've done anything to a child?"

She shook her head and felt his hand glide up to her hip beneath the skirt of the dress. "Flint, do you plan on keeping me locked in here forever?"

"Depends," he said, moving his hand from her breast to the back of her head. He tilted it back slightly, his fingers tangled in her hair. "Do you plan on being difficult?"

"I'm Gryffindor. It's part of the House description."

He smiled at her cheek, then kissed her fiercely on the mouth. She made a soft mewling sound, her hands fisted in his shirt. Marcus moved to grasp her hips with both hands and lifted her up. She made a startled noise and clutched at him, scared she would fall. Once her legs were wrapped about his waist, Marcus carried her over to his bed and laid her down carefully on top of it. He broke the kiss to start peeling off his layers of black clothing. Only his outer robes had been soaked in blood, and Katie was almost too scared to ask whose it was. "Take off your dress," he said as he undid his belt. He was amused by the blush rising in her cheeks, by the way she turned away slightly. She shook her head, shivering. "Then I'll take it off for you."

Katie sucked in a breath as he knelt down on the bed beside her, stark naked. He undid the ties at the back of the dress and pushed it down from her shoulders. She didn't have a bra, and he slid his hands around to her front to cup them in his hands. He pressed his lips to the nape of her neck, and she shivered at the touch. Her nipples were pebbling under his palms, her breath was growing ragged. "It seems you like it when I'm in control, hm?" he asked, lips just above her pulse point.

She wanted to retort something witty, but her mind had short circuited. It was more that he felt amazing when he touched her, that she could believe then that he wasn't going to hurt her. Otherwise, she kept remembering stories she had heard on Potterwatch or read between the lines in the Prophet. When he touched her like this, she could believe that he didn't want to hurt her. "It's that you really aren't going to hurt me," she murmured after a moment, eyes sliding shut as he pushed the dress down to her waist. "There are so many people hurt or dying out there."

Marcus slid one hand down her stomach and slid it beneath the waistband of her knickers. "You won't be one of them."

"Why me?" she asked as his fingers found her center.

You belong to me. You've always belonged to me, he thought fiercely, sliding a finger inside of her. She gasped, arching back against him. "I've watched out for you for a long time," he murmured. "And you seem to continually get yourself into trouble."

Katie gasped as he rolled a nipple around the fingers of one hand and as he began to thrust his other finger in and out of her tight sheath. She hadn't known he had kept watch over her. She hadn't known he had even noticed her off of the pitch. As far as he knew, she had just been this annoying Chaser who had taunted him mercilessly on the pitch. He had practically knocked her from her broom on several occasions, though at one point she had thought he had helped her right herself again. Perhaps he had.

"I didn't mean to," she gasped, reaching behind her for him. She threaded her fingers through his hair and held on while he worked her body mercilessly. She rocked against his hand, head lolling back on his shoulder. She moaned, head thrown back as his fingers slid inside her and his thumb hit her clit just right. She cried out and couldn't even summon up outrage at his satisfied chuckle. Her hands tightened on him as she gasped, moaning something that might have been his name. She came, pulsing around his finger, her hands clenched tight around his shoulders for balance. He didn't let up his stroking, and she made little gasping mewling sounds. He shifted position on the bed so that he could guide her to the bed while he knelt beside her. Hand still moving inside of her and on her clit, he used his other hand to draw the dress down past her hips. He grinned as she helped to kick it off of her legs and splayed them wide for him.

"Good girl," he murmured, repositioning her. She arched up as he slid a second finger inside of her, stretching her, his thumb at her clit. He bent down and took a breast into his mouth, and Katie made a soft choking sound of pleasure. She grasped his shoulder with the arm closest to him. The other had the coverlet clutched in her fist almost desperately. He sucked on her breast, tongue swirling about the nipple pebbling between his lips. Katie nearly arched up off of the bed when he sucked on it gently, crying out in pleasure. She made soft mewling noises, clawing at him, bucking beneath him and pressing her mouth against his neck as she struggled for breath. And then she was coming again, inner muscles clamping down hard on his fingers as she cried out. Marcus kept working his finger inside her, thumb at her clit. He stroked her in small circles, then back and forth. Katie made muffled mewling noises, hips canted up toward his hand, body writhing beneath his mouth and hand. She came again with a sharp cry. 
Now he moved to kneel between her spread legs, though he made no move to enter her. "Marcus?" she whispered, feeling it would be silly to call him by his last name after all that.

He ran his hands over her belly and breasts. "What do you want, Katie," he asked, voice infinitely patient. "I won't even move unless you want it just as badly."

Katie whimpered, grasping his hand at her breast. "Please, Marcus. I need... I don't even know. I need you."

Marcus grasped her hips and plunged into her to the hilt, all at once. She let out a strangled cry of pain, and he stilled. "Katie?"

"Wasn't expecting that," she murmured, reaching out to grasp his arms tightly. She let out a breath and forced herself to relax. "Not so bad, just didn't expect it."

He leaned down over her and moved slowly, sliding the length of him in and out of her slowly. She looped her arms around his back and buried her face in the crook of his neck. Her body adjusted to the feel of him inside her, the feel of him moving, the stretch inside of her and having her legs about his waist. Katie whimpered and panted as it began to feel almost good, her body tightening around him. He groaned and buried his face in the crook of her neck. "Katie," he groaned, thrusting harder into her. She dug her fingers into his shoulders and gasped, making a soft noise as he picked up speed and thrust harder into her. He let out a groan as he came, then collapsed on top of her.

Katie wasn't sure what he would want to do with her, so she was surprised when he bundled her off to his bathroom for a shower. He pushed her up against the tile and kissed her beneath the shower head. She gasped as he picked her up and thrust into her. Katie clutched at him for balance, warm water sluicing down around her. Marcus all but growled he came, then leaned against her. She whimpered when he withdrew, but Marcus slid his hand down to slide his fingers inside of her. She grasped the tiles for balance, nearly falling when she came, his name on her lips. He pulled her to her feet, then kissed her again. "I have to go out again. I'll see you soon."

He was already dressed and gone by the time Katie stumbled out of the shower, a towel wrapped tightly around her. His bloody robes were already gone, and a house elf laid out a green dress and matching underthings on the bed. It disappeared as soon as it noticed her. Frowning at the empty room, Katie got dressed and tried the door again.

This time, it opened.
***
***