WARNING:  THE STORY BELOW CONTAINS ADULT SITUATIONS.  PLEASE DO NOT READ IF YOU ARE UNDER 18.

	Monday morning I couldnt wait for class.
	Fridays class had changed my life.
	I kept thinking about it all weekend long.
	Being a freshman and new to the area, I didnt know many people so I stayed in the dorm much of the time.  God it felt so good to be nude.  That climax was so incredible!
	I couldnt get these thoughts out of my mind.
	I masturbated 4 times over the weekend.	
	Ive always been a very conservative girl.  Never did anything out of line.  Didnt even have sex until a few months ago.
	Now I felt like a raging nymphomaniac.
	Saturday and Sunday I slept nude.  Ive never done that before.
	This morning (Monday) I didnt bother to get dressed until the last minute.  I walked to the shower nude (our dorm room shares a bathroom with the room on the other side).  Theyre all girls and nudity isnt a problem, but most of the time people at least have a towel around them.  Not me.  I stood there in my birthday suit brushing my teeth and combing my hair.  It felt marvelous.
	I walked into class and had my shirt off even before I got to the back wall.
	Everyone seemed as excited as I did.
	At the same time, everyone was a little nervous because today we would be choosing our term projects.
	My idea was wild  but Ill come to that later.
	As the bell rang Ms Thompson came walking in (I never have figured out how she timed that so well).  She carried a big bag full of stuff.  Her robe came off and she stood before us, nude.
	Class, today you will present your ideas for your term projects.  I hope youve put some real thought and imagination into them.  Although Im sure youve read them, I want to emphasis a few of the basic ground rules before we begin.
	First, this is a science class.  Therefore your project must have some sort of scientific basis.  You must be examining something or recording the reaction of others.  Realize that almost everything can be made into some sort of study.  Your project must have some sort of goal and be reaching some sort of conclusion.
	Second, I encourage you to work with and help your classmates.  However, they cannot be part of your study.  All participants must be outside of this class.
	I have talked to the administration, campus security, and the city police department.  All of them have agreed to support your activities.  Therefore, you will not be arrested or charged with indecency for anything you do in connection with this class as long as you are not physically injuring someone against their will.  You are not limited to the campus.  Ive even had some discussions with the governor.  Nothing settled there, but if it comes down to it Ill be glad to press the issue further.
	Any questions?
	We all sat nervously silent.
	Jonathon, lets begin with you.  Come to the front of the class and share your idea with us.
	Jonathon walked to the front of the room.  He was obviously a body builder and proud of it (with good reason).  Every muscle looked sculpted and hard.  He was about 510 and 190 pounds.  No fat.
	Ive met some nudists and would like to study their lifestyle.  Id like to spend some time at a nudist resort and report on how society in general reacts to the nudist culture.
	I see, replied Ms Thompson.  How do intend to do this?
	Well, there are a half a dozen nudist resorts within a couple of hundred miles from here.  Id like to go to each one and interview the visitors.  Get to know some of them.  Simply try to learn more about their culture.
	Have you ever practiced nudism, Jonathon?
	No maam.
	Would you like to?
	Well, umm.  Thats sort of why I want to do this.  I want to learn whether I want to become a nudist or not.
	Do you think spending 4 or 5 weekends nude will be enough to make that decision?
	I dont know maam
	Do you think that going to a nudist resort is the best way to study how society in general reacts to the nudist culture?
	Yes maam.  Thats where Ill find people who have lived in that lifestyle who can tell me the problems they have faced.
	Ms Thompson got a firm look in her eyes.  Jonathon, go to the back of the class and bring me your clothes.
	With a worried look in his eyes Jonathon retrieved his clothes.
	Overall I approve of your project.  The study of nudism and the view of our society on that subculture will be fascinating.  However, you have not taken it far enough.  This is a practical course.  Going to a few nudist resorts will not get you the information you need.  Living it will.
	Jonathon, your project is to live life as a nudist for the rest of this term.  You may wear shoes and basic jewelry, but nothing else until you have completed the final exam.  You will write a daily journal of your experiences as well as conduct interviews with several people both on and off campus.  If the temperature falls below 32 degrees you may wear an overcoat while outside, but must remove it whenever you come inside.  Points will be deducted for any situation in which you determine you must wear clothes.  To many such episodes and you will fail the course.  Any questions?
	Jonathon looked shell shocked.  He couldnt say a word.  He had just gone from wanting to see a few naked people over the weekend to parading nude for an entire semester!
	Ms. Thompson handed him a large plastic bag.  Please remove any important items before placing your clothes in this bag.  Write your name on the space provided.  Ill return them to you after the final exam.
	Speechless, Jonathon removed his keys and wallet from his jeans and placed them in the bag.
	The rest of us squirmed uneasily.  Each of us was wondering what she would do to our ideas.
	Maria, come forward and tell us your idea please.
	Maria stepped forward.  She was Hispanic.  A junior.  20 years old.  She had beautiful brown skin, large breasts with dark nipples.  Her pussy was hidden in a lush tangle of black hair.  She stood about 54 and weighed about 130.
	I want to measure mens cocks, she giggled.  I want to know for sure what the average size of a man really is!
	Everyone chuckled.
	O.K.  replied Ms Thompson.  How do you intend to do this?
	Ill ask a bunch of guys that I know. And maybe some of the guys in here.  Theyll drop their pants and play with themselves until they get hard.  Then Ill measure them.
	How many do you think you will measure?
	I havent really thought about that, she replied.  Probably 30 or 40.
	Do you think 30 cocks is enough of a sample to determine the normal size for society?
	I think so.  I dont know that many more men.
	Do you think they men you know accurately reflect the make up of American men?
	Uhhh.  Probably not.
	Maria, there are approximately 100 days in this semester.  Five men a day would be a good sample.  I want you to measure and record 500 different cocks between now and the end of the term.  You will get 100 from each age bracket: 15  25, 26  35, 36  45, 46  55, over 55.  You will record their name, age, race, cock length when flaccid and when rigid, and cock girth when rigid.  Note any irregularities as well.  Put this into a spreadsheet and calculate largest, smallest, and average as well as any other statistical information you think would be helpful.  Also, it will be your responsibility to get the men hard, not theirs.
	Any questions?
	What?!! How am I going to find that many men in that many age groups?
	I dont know, Maria.  Thats your problem.  Youre probably going to have to go around town and ask people.
	Maria looked just as shocked as Jonathon when she took her seat.
	Thats the way every project went.  Someone would go to the front and present his idea and before he was allowed to sit down the whole thing had been expanded to much larger proportions than he had intended.
	One girl wanted to wear revealing clothes.  Ms Thompson cut off her jeans at the crotch, cut her sleeves off her t shirt and cut the bottom to just below her nipples.
	One girl wanted to analyze the amount of semen from an average ejaculation.  She was instructed to get 300 condoms full for her study.
	One guy chose to study golden showers.
        Another guy wanted to be trained as a submissive.
        Both a guy and a girl wanted to study the reactions of observers to accidental exposures.  They each had to have 100 incidents.
	For some reason I was one of the last ones called up.
	Lisa, please come share your idea with the class.
	Instead of getting nervous as the class went on I had become more and more excited.
	I want to push my sexual envelope by doing things Ive never thought of before, I stated.  Friday was the most amazing day of my life, but I would never of thought of that on my own.
	I want to perform various dares in public and record my own reaction and growth as well as that of those around me.  However, I am not sure where to get the dares or how often I should perform them.
	I turned to Ms Thompson, confident that she would have no problem whatsoever telling me where to get the dares or how often to perform them.
	Excellent, Lisa.  Class, I think we can help her out on this one.  There are thirty of us and 100 days.  We will each write 11 dares on index cards for a total of 330 dares and place them in a bag.  You will pull three out each day to perform.  You may discard up to a total of 30 dares, but never more than one on a given day. If you discard one, you must draw another one to replace it.  You will keep a logbook of each dare and a journal of you sexual journey.  Any questions?
	I was tingling with anticipation.  No maam.
	Class.  Here are some index cards.  Take a moment now and fill out one dare each.  Lisa will draw from these until Wednesdays class.  I want all of you to have written 10 more dares for her by Wednesday.
	Lisa.  You must not read any of these dares before hand.  If a dare calls for you to do something that you are simply not able to do on that day but are willing to do at the first available opportunity then you will do it at that time.  In other words, if you are dared to attend a football game in the nude and it is Thursday and the next game is Saturday, then Thursday you will perform the remaining two dares and on Saturday you will go to the game and still complete Saturdays dares.  Does that make sense?
	Yes maam.  What was I getting myself into, allowing this class determine my fate for the rest of the semester.
	Alright class, turn in your dares.
	Everyone handed up their index cards.  Ms Thompson dumped them in a canvas bag.
	Lisa, come choose 3 cards for todays dare.
	I was excited and terrified at the same time.
	I dare you to stay nude until the next class period.
	I dare you to give blow jobs to the first 5 willing guys you see in the hall after class!
	I dare you to masturbate with a cucumber in the middle of the grocery store until you climax.
	My God.  What had I done?
	A few people were left after me.  I didnt hear anything they said.  I was to busy thinking about my dares.



****Note from author:  Please respond with any dare ideas to knightwolf999@charter.net

	
