The parents arrived precisely on schedule. ‘How dare you teach my child that word!’ and ‘keep your disgusting habits away from my child!’ and ‘how dare you show up like that and try to corrupt our children in your vile ways!’ filled the room as parents fought to make it clear that Iruka was the most horrid thing on the planet. They only quieted down when Hyuuga Hiashi commanded that Iruka explain himself before he went to the council to demand Iruka’s immediate removal from the classroom.

“I simply told them that word was offensive and would not be allowed in my classroom.” Iruka said for the thousandth time. “I didn’t tell them exactly what it meant; only such language is unacceptable.”

Hiashi’s pale eyes glared at him. “You had no right to bring your…perversions into the classroom like that!”

Iruka bit his cheek until he tasted blood. “I have been nothing but professional and my personal life has nothing to do with the children asking what a word means.” He kept his hands under his desk so no-one could see how tightly he had them clenched. “When a child asks me what a word like ‘sodomite’ means, it is not because I have used it myself but because they have heard it somewhere and they know I will answer them honestly.”

“Perhaps if you hadn’t been flaunting your depravity around the village, this wouldn’t be a problem.” There was a roar of agreement from the other parents.

Iruka twitched before he could stop himself and before he could pick his words properly, his mouth was already moving. “Perhaps if you hadn’t been so careless, petty, and close-minded, this wouldn’t be a problem.”

“Pardon me?” Hiashi’s voice was quiet and starting to pick up a dangerous tone.

Iruka didn’t flinch. “It was your daughter who asked the question because she heard someone important to her use it. Since you help make sure that she doesn’t care for her older sister and Neji is never home enough for her to develop much of an attachment to him, that doesn’t leave too many other people for her to admire.” He reminded himself that slugging a Hyuuga was Not A Good Idea, no matter how tired or frustrated he was feeling. “If you don’t want me to answer questions about things like what a sodomite is, then make sure that people in your house aren’t using those words in places where your daughter can hear them. I will not lie to my students. And don’t tell me to pass the question off,” he snapped over a mother who was starting to protest. “I did that last time when your son asked me about fellatio and you all came in here throwing a fit and telling your children lies. I had students saying that they were going to get some jizz for their mother’s tea because someone told their child that it was kind of cream!” He stood up, finally letting his anger get the better of him. “If you don’t want your children knowing what those words mean, then stop using them! If you weren’t gossiping about my so-called ‘personal’ life, then we wouldn’t have a problem, now would we?!”

A few parents had the decency to look ashamed. Hiashi, of course, was not one of them. He had drawn himself up to his full height. “You are in no position to be pretending to be a moral, upright—”

“Mm, you’re in no position to pretending to be one, either.”

Iruka bit his other cheek as Kakashi slouched in to the room. Despite his lazy pace, Kakashi was giving off an aura of danger. He glanced over at the Hyuuga. “Really, bullying a teacher to try and get your way? Accusing a chunin of indecency? Don’t you have better things to fill your time with?”

“This is none of your business, Hatake-san.”

“You’re making Iruka late.” Kakashi peered over the top of his book. “I’ve been waiting for the last half-hour for him, so I think that this is starting to become my business. And I hear that knitting is very relaxing. You should think about it.”

Iruka swallowed the snippy retort he wanted to give. It wouldn’t look good in front of all the parents.

Hiashi sneered slightly. “So he’s brought you down to his level? I used to respect you, Hatake.”

“Could be worse,” a page was turned ideally. “He could have brought me ‘down to his level’ and then denied it ever happened.”

Iruka blinked. A faint shade of pink had crawled up the Hyuuga’s cheeks, but he couldn’t tell if it was anger, embarrassment, shame, or a combination of the three.

“I do not know what you are talking about.” If possible, the Byakugan user’s voice got stiffer and tighter.

“Mm, probably don’t. You were pretty trashed.”

A few parents inched away from Hiashi, faces unhappily scandalised. He ignored them, face furious. “Do not put me in the same category as your fuck toy—”

Iruka only realised that he had moved when his kunai was pressed harshly at Hiashi’s bared throat, the other man’s hand frozen half-way to his throat. “I. Am. NO-one’s. Fuck. Toy.” Iruka snarled, barely getting the words out in his red haze of fury. “We are here to discuss your daughter and her asking about the word ‘sodomite’! We are not here to discuss anything outside of that point! ANYTHING besides that is a moot point!”

He stalked back to his desk and slammed the kunai into the wood, nearly burying it up to the hilt into the wood. “I have explained my position on the matter numerous times and this is the last time I say it! Hyuuga Hanabi asked me what a sodomite was. I told her it was an insult and I would not allow such language in my classroom.” He glared at the shuffling parents hotly. “If you still have problems with my teaching style, you can go talk to the Hokage! Anything outside of that is none of your goddamn fucking business!” He pointed to the door. “Now, if you don’t have any more questions, get the fucking hell out of my classroom!”

“Do not think you’re getting away with this.” Hiashi hissed before sweeping out of the room like a spoiled and haughty princess, the rest of the parents following like an entourage. Soon, the room was empty of everyone but Kakashi and Iruka.

Still feeling the anger pushing the blood through his system, Iruka began to stuff his paperwork into his knapsack viciously. Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid!!

“Why didn’t you tell me that you were being harassed?” Kakashi’s voice was quiet, but snapped over Iruka’s violent actions the same way a yell would have.

“What difference does it make?” Iruka asked savagely, vehemently stuffing the last piece of paper in and snapping it shut.

“I could have—”

“Could have what?!” Iruka spun sharply on his toes. “Could’ve threatened the entire damn village?! Could’ve followed me around to ‘protect’ me?! Could’ve fought for my ‘honour’?!”

The blue eye looked sadly troubled. “Well, I meant that it’s not fair that I’m receiving praise and compliments for this whole thing, but you’re getting flack and grief.”

“It’s not like you can do anything about it, so leave it alone!”

“No.” The jounin’s hands were suddenly on the desk, giving Iruka very little space to move. “It was my idea and thus my responsibility. I will not just ‘leave it alone’.”

“Then what?” Iruka barked into the masked face that was—once again—too close to his. “Do you plan to have the Elders demand that people treat me with respect? Are you going to tell everyone that this was just some plot of yours?”

“I don’t know!”

The two glared at each other. “I…just don’t like to see you turned in to a scapegoat.” Kakashi finally said. His hands slid closer together, forcing Iruka to either rest his hips against the gloved hands or push himself closer to the firm body in front of him. “And I don’t like hypocrites like Hyuuga Hiashi getting away with it. It’s not fair that people turn to you because they think you’re a chunin and not the great Sharingan Kakashi. I don’t like it and I don’t want to see it any more.”

“I’ll make sure to tell everyone that the great Copy Ninja doesn’t like it next time I get told I’m ruining society.” Iruka sneered.

“Damn it, I’m being serious!” Kakashi snapped before forcing himself back under control. “I don’t know how to make it better, but this whole thing is my fault for letting the gossip get out of hand like this! If I would have known that it would’ve hurt you and your career this much, I wouldn’t have suggested that we let it go that way!” His hands moved until Iruka didn’t have a choice in the matter and he was gently cradling the teacher, despite his sharp words.

Iruka made himself recite the fifteen different ways chakra could be used to castrate an opponent in his head before he responded. “I’m sorry. It’s been a long day and all I want to do is go home and go to bed.”

“Are you too tired to go to a hot spring?”

He looked at the jounin warily. Going to a hot spring did sound nice, but since this was Hatake Kakashi he was talking about, he felt justified in being suspicious.

Kakashi seemed to pick up on that. “I told everyone that I was waiting for you. If we don’t go out tonight, that prick of a Hyuuga will have yet another reason to be pissy.” He paused for a moment. “Oh, and I recommend talking to Inuzuka Tsume. She’ll happily help you out with your conceited Hyuuga problem.”

“What do you mean?”

Kakashi suddenly grinned, a little bit maliciously. “Apparently, right after he got promoted to jounin, Hiashi got drunk, hideously drunk. I guess he was trying to drink Tsume-san under the table and he got into a ‘situation’.”

Iruka raised his eyebrow and waited for Kakashi’s sniggering to stop. “All he remembers is waking up with a huge headache and completely naked on the roof of the bar under an unconscious and handcuffed naked Ebisu-san and Tsume-san’s snoring nearby, also mostly naked and with a whip. She can give a better account of things, but ask to see his left shoulder. It’s still got marks.”

Iruka stared at him. “You’re putting me on.” He said finally, unable to wrap his head around the story.

“Trust me, not even I can come up with something that brilliant.” Kakashi said gleefully. “He’s been denying it for years, but I think Tsume-san has pictures and everything. She says he screams like a little girl when he comes. Ask her about it; she loves to imitate it and it’s utterly hysterical when she does.”

For the first time in ages, Iruka laughed. He laughed hard enough that he had troubles standing upright and his eyes and sides burned.

“Not the ‘moral upstanding citizen’ now, is he?” Kakashi asked cheerfully as Iruka wiped a few tears off of his face and tried to get his breath back.

He smiled up at the paler man. “Thank you. I really needed that.”

Kakashi stared at him, face picking up a slightly glazed look. “Kakashi-san?”

He visibly shook himself out of his stupor. “Up for that hot spring now?”

“That does sound nice. We just will have to stop so I can drop my things off at my apartment.”

Kakashi arched his eye happily and slowly let go of Iruka. “That’s not a problem.”

Well, maybe Kakashi wasn’t a completely useless and brainless buffoon, after all.