Naked Summer
by Anonymous

Naked Summer Part 1

SO this is how it started, my Mother, my brother(15), and I (16) went over to our neighbors house for a barbecue one summer. We arrived two hours early, instead of knocking on the door we decided just to open the fence and walk round back with our food. There in the deck we saw our neighbor completely nude except for sunglasses and a baseball cap, though my aunt was startled she quickly gained her composure and said
"welcome, it seems you have stumbled upon our little secret here, we were just having our nude swim before you came"
My mother said " well since the cat is out of the pants I guess its silly to bother getting dressed"
Walking up on the deck I saw that in the pool her children, Sarah(17), John (15), Martha (13) swimming completely naked.
My neighbor was starting the grill as we placed our food on the table, it was strange, to see this women, she had always had a golden crisp tan but I never knew it was completely even, even in her late 40s which the normal sagging marks of childbirth, however she was clearly in shape, her D cup breasts round, and her Virginia completely shaven. More startling was her pierced belly button.
It was hard not to stare at her toned ass.
"it was then that I noticed that John pulled himself out of the pool and not even grabbing a towel to dry himself off walked up to the grill to grab a piece of chicken.
Standing across from me he greedily ate the piece of chicken, while I stared in shock at his emerging abs, his wet mat of public hair and sagging penis that was still dripping pool water.
My Mother slapped my lap and told me not to stare or else I would end up like Robert, but to tell you the truth I wanted to strip down and see if he would be as excited about my body as I was of his.
Within an hour rest of teens got out of the pool. Sarah sat right down from me, she was almost a carbon copy of her mother, full brown tan, brunette frizzy hair, a nice shaved toned body, however her breasts had just begun to develop and were only a B cups. We talked causally about school and soon forgot that she and most of the people there were naked, that is until my mother after finishing her second glass of wine asked my brother why wasn't he going for a swim.
My brother said he came to eat, and hadn't brought a bathing suit
" neither did they"
He stood up and said "well I am still not getting naked"
"its not like its nothing I haven't see before"
with that my mother pushed him into the pool,
He feel in knocking his flip flops off,
At the command of the two older women quickly Sarah Maddie and John Jumped in the water and grabbed their thrashing pray.
Seeing as he only had on a tee shirt, shorts and underwear stripping him was easy.
To tell you the truth I was excited at the thought of seeing my brother naked, though not as muscular as John and having shaved his pubic hair he was certainly very endowed
Sarah was the one who had swam underwater and pantsed him, in process of dragging his shorts and boxers down I saw her rub his dick…
Though frustrated he was nude my brother standing in the middle of the pool turned to me and asked why I was still dressed.
My mother said that was a good question, and now wanting my clothes to be ruined by the chorine I kicked off my sandals, pulled by tee shirt off exposing my bra. This was normal however… now I was undressing like I was in the gym room, except it was among people that knew me the best and they were all staring.
Like circling sharks I could see the nudie bodies in the pool swimming closer towards me with the intents of jumping on the deck and dragging me under, so I quickly hunched and stepped my capris and panties, and with a single motion throw them behind me, then I pulled my bra off and dived into the pool. I was somewhat embarrassed my boobs, though technically a B they were not as big as Sarah's, however I felt less nude seeing that I hadn't shaven myself bare bellow the belt line. Rising up through the water I noticed that my blonde hair wasn't long enough to cover my nipples, but my embarrassment was short lived as now there was only one dressed person there, my mom.
Though she continued to drink wine, she didn't undress while for next two hours we horsed around the pool. I had a good time hopping one John's back and playful rubbing up against him at every opportunity we had.
The temperature dropped and we found out a thunder storm was coming soon
So we all got out of the pool, I put my clothes on, but my brother's clothes were still wet with chlorine
Mom said just leave them since we could cut through the woods around my house
my brother walked home with us in just his flip flops through the woods, luckily he only had to enter the house through the back door.


Naked Summer Part 2

What happened that day seemed almost like a dream until the next day
It was around noon and I was waiting outside the bathroom door while my brother took a shower,
I want to brush my teeth, mom walked by with the laundry said
"why bother waiting.. Just go in you have seen him naked before"
Since it was practical permission I simply walked in,
I could see my brother through the glass shower door and he quickly covered up his dick
"relax, I saw everything yesterday "and I started to brush my teeth
Just to screw with him I said
" I never knew you were so big" after I spit in the sink.
However I forget the rules applies to me too
One day I was walking around the house in my pajamas, Mom said she was doing a load of laundry
I said I had put all my dirty clothes in the hamper
"what about those?"
No wanting to argue with her I pulled my top off and my pajama pants leaving me in nothing but my panties
I turn around
When I heard
"you forget something"
Mom pulled my panties all the way down and slapped my butt causing me to step out of them
I was naked in the middle of the kitchen,
It was then I noticed that my brother walked in
He was naked too
That’s when I realized she had made him undress too.
Mom explained that she had talked it out with her neighbor and was convinced of the advantages of nudism
We could save money on air conditioning there was going be less laundry, plus it was going to make us closer as a family.
The new nude rules were every time we entered the in the summer house we had to completely undress and putt all our clothes in the coat closet.
I thought that was everything then mom explained that real nudists were completely shaved
I didn't know what she meant until she throw one of the dirty towels in the laundry basket on the floor and made me stand over it. She then grabbed an electric razor out of the kitchen drawer, got on her knees and began to cut all blonde hair till I was completely bald beneath my belly button.
I had never felt so naked. Even when I had stripped in front of everyone at the pool, but now my slit was completely exposed and I felt the cool breeze from the open window blow in touch my butt and pussy as I stood on the towel with legs wide open.
My mother made my brother stand on the towel and inspected his dick
He was already shaved, so she told him to keep it up.
But as she was touching it he grew excited
She told him to go to his room and take care of it.
Not needing to be told twice I saw his bare butt practically run upstairs
She then told me that I should go to
From the saw drawn she opened a store bag and handed me a vibrator.
I ran faster than him upstairs. 