This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.



SunStruck Chapter 1
The sun had moved up from behind the mountains as it was started its arc through the sky, Its rays  peeking though the cactus and yuccas casting errie shadows across the land.   The searing brightness and oppressive heat continued its relentless onslaught on the entire valley making it feel like a frying pan on low simmer. Even the flies were hiding in the shade.  
Today would be another typical hot day in the Valley.  
The door bell shattered the silence in the house like the clanging bells in the tower of the local church on a Sunday morning bringing her out of her reverie.    As she opened the door he was shadowed by the brightness that cast an aurora around his body and slightly blinded her from the harshness of the sun.
He stepped in and swung the door closed behind him and stepped towards her.  A temple like silence grew as she smelled the heavy masculine scent emanating from his closeness mixed with the acrid smell of the asphalt pavement mixed in the air.  He moved to her, his left hand to the small swell of her belly and guided her against the wall as he enveloped her small space.  He traced his hands up her body over her breasts to cradle her face,  gently but with an unspoken urgency took her lips in his and  as if bestowing life itself transferred that loving urgent electricity to her. His tongue slowly tracing over her lips and teeth her own tongue doing a dance of its own.  Her shiver shot through her and  acknowledged the electric sensuality she felt coursing through her veins.  As she reached up to suckle on his lips with hers, she felt his hands tracing little circles down to the flare of her hips and felt him press her to the wall as well as pulling her in to him. His lips nibbled and his tongue drew traces to her ears and down her neck.  She felt the desire and needs stirring within her loins and blushed as she felt the first trickle form on her cleft.  The feelings coursing through her veins opened and magnified all of her  senses, yet closed off all other feelings as her body responded to his movements.  As the first moan of lust escaped her, she felt him start to push on her shoulders, moving her lower.  As she understood the need and anticipated the outcome she lowered herself to her knees.  He tangled his hands in her hair as she worked on his loin and he urged her on with guttural urges.  As she finally succeeded in releasing him she felt his heat hit her on her cheek.  She took it in her hands and started pumping it while she licked the tip.  She took him fully in until she felt his hair on her nose and continued as it grew even harder in her mouth. She savored his urgings and unintelligible grunts as she continued her ministrations and tasted his manhood.  This was pure lust and need in both of them.  Her satisfaction and his need.  Her twisting hand and urgent sucking soon found its reward as he mumbled one last "Oh fuck" and satisfied himself in her mouth. She felt her mouth fill with his sweet, salty seed and swallowed while she continued  until she had licked it all clean as it started to grow limp. Sated for now.  As she cradled his sack she realized that "limp" was not the condition as she felt the blood coursing through him and the hardness renewing within him.  
