Kelly's Hazing
by TheBlushingPrincess

Part I Welcome To Your Hazing!

I was feeling uneasy. A little excited too. That I can’t deny. But it didn’t sit right with me. It wasn’t how I was raised.

Coach had told us that the girls’ swimming team— our sister team—had asked us to help them “initiate” their new members. Yeah. Hazing is what they meant. The university had cracked down real hard on hazing that year due to some pretty bad press, and in a flurry of damage-control measures, they had placed a hard ban on a lot of the traditional hazing rituals. No forced drinking. No paddling. No public nudity. That sort of thing. Honestly, it was hard to disagree with them. Some of that stuff was brutal. The thing is, with all these new restrictions, the team captains had had to get creative. With so much off the table, well, it seems they had decided to double-down on the one thing they had left in their arsenal. Embarrassment.

We were told to keep an eye on our emails, where we would be given a slot. To get around the ban on public nudity, they were going to initiate the girls one at a time in the university sports complex. The email said to report to the swimming pool showers at 3:00 pm on Friday. I saw I had been grouped with two other guys from the team. Brent (who I had actually known since high school, so that was pretty cool) and Chris. I didn’t know Chris that well, but he was a nice guy. He was Greek. Christophoros was his actual name (with an even longer surname!) and had only been living here for a few years.

So we arrived at the swimming pool at the appointed time. The captains of the men’s and women’s swim teams were chatting outside. They seemed in high spirits. Our captain, who everyone called Skipper out of some weird swim team tradition, led us to the locker room. We were told to wait for instructions. As he walked away, he said, “Have fun!” and gave us a knowing wink.

Now, like I said, I was feeling pretty ambivalent about all this. I had heard various rumors about what goes on at these kinds of hazings. I had actually missed out (is that the right word?!?!) on my hazing when I joined the team last year due to family emergency. It was actually pretty serious, and my team was so relieved that everything turned out okay they never actually thought to make me catch up on what I had missed. So yes. I’m thankful for small miracles.

But I digress. As I was saying, I knew a lot of nudity went on at these things, and I wasn’t really on board with that. I was raised pretty old fashioned, you see. And the idea of three guys being brought in to witness some girl’s naked initiation just didn’t sit right. I had actually tried to raise my concerns with Skipper, but he just told me it was all part of team building and it brings everyone together on the team. I still felt uneasy, but I guess it sounded a whole lot more above-board than some of the horror stories I had heard. It seems Brent could sense my nervousness too. He assured me hazing is all in good fun. He had been through it himself the previous year, and he found it to just be silly, college fun. The thing is, Brent isn’t shy about anything. Frankly, he probably enjoyed the attention! Having a bunch of girls stare at his naked body? Well, good for him. (But man, that wouldn’t be my thing at all. I’m incredibly shy. And the thought of a bunch of girls looking at me? Yikes. Not to mention my insecurity about my penis size. Shit. Well, I’m just glad I didn’t have to go through it.

On the other hand, if I’m being totally honest with you, I can’t say my feelings about the whole thing were completely one-dimensional. I mean, I’m still a guy. No guy, no matter how well-raised, is ever completely against seeing a hot naked girl. Right?

So Brent, Chris, and I hung out in the locker room making small talk while we waited. Then, after about five minutes, there was a gentle knock on the door and it slowly swung open. The captain of the girls’ swim team edged in. She motioned for us to stay silent with a finger to her lip. She had a mischievous grin on her face and seemed to be enjoying herself immensely. She was guiding someone in by the arm, but they were obscured by the half-opened door.

My heart was beating in my chest. For a moment, I forgot all my moral qualms. A guy goes into a state of, shall we say “reduced cognitive efficiency,” when he knows he is about to see a naked girl. Who would it be? What would she look like? What would she be made to do? Man, I think I must have flushed bright red.

And then it happened, the thing that changed everything. The captain led in the pledge and my jaw dropped. It was Kelly!

Now this needs some backstory. I knew Kelly. In fact, we were pretty good friends. She had been the year below me in high school and we had lived in the same neighborhood. She had told me that summer that she had gotten accepted to my college. I was looking forward to catching up with her, but had kind of forgotten to link up with her in all the fun and chaos of the first week back after the summer. I hadn’t even considered she would be joining the swim team. Okay, and yes. There is some more backstory to this. Kelly and Brent had dated. Yeah, that’s right. They had dated for about four months. It was one of those relationships where you start out as friends, try out being girlfriend and boyfriend, realize you are better off as friends, and go back to that. No fuss, no angst. They had had a good, mutual break up from what I gather, and were still close friends. He never mentioned she was joining the swim team, though.

So back to the story. Kelly walks in and we’re under strict orders not to give ourselves away. She shuffles in awkwardly. She had been blindfolded, so she was completely relying on her captain’s guiding hand. And she had sort of hunched herself up to avoid banging into anything. She looked so cute and vulnerable. For a second, that was all I noticed about her, just that intense, slightly comical vulnerability. From the look of nervous bewilderment on her face to the soft padding of her bare feet on the cold floor tiles. It completely grabbed me, and I felt an strange wave of affection towards her sweep over me. An urge to hug her so tight and kiss her forehead till she felt secure again. But unfortunately for Kelly, any such comforting would have to wait. For what was required at that moment was for us to embarrass the shit out of her.

She was holding a clipboard in one hand and a pen in the other. But other than that, she was naked. Completely naked. Nothing left to the imagination whatsoever. My protective impulse quickly vanished. As my eyes poured over her perfect, alluring nakedness, her cute, bashful vulnerability quickly became the last thing I was paying attention to. Oh my gosh!

I didn’t know where to look or what to do. I should not be looking at this. Like I said, my upbringing was pretty old-school. Chivalry and all that. And I still stand by that. Yeah, this was as awkward as I feared. More awkward, in fact. I looked at my feet and then looked at the other guys. Chris looked as shy as me, although he was definitely stealing some peeks. Brent, on the other hand, had a look of shock that very quickly curled into a grin. A sort of triumphant grin. Definitely a non-malicious grin, but a mischievous one that seemed to say, “Gotcha! I get one last show. Brent 1, Kelly zip!” His grin disappeared just as quick as he pursed his lip, to avoid laughing with joy, I guess. I looked back down at my feet but, like Chris, without really meaning to, I found myself taking a few sneak peeks. And wow. Kelly did not disappoint.

I had always found Kelly kind of cute. I hadn’t really had any romantic feelings towards her or anything, mostly because I was friends with her ex, but damn. The sight of her standing there, all shy and vulnerable. Like I said, I had this weird feeling of deep affection toward her, but also this surge of arousal that just shot through my entire body like a hot, tingling, surge. It was intoxicating. I was still wrestling with my conscience, but I just couldn’t take my eyes off her.

All I knew at that moment, however, as I struggled to process this surge of conflicting emotions, was that I was definitely going to have to jerk off to this the moment I got home. That image of her standing there, completely and perfectly naked, save for a blindfold, nervously hunched up and innocently clutching that clipboard and pen, was going to be etched into my mind forever. And there is only one way a guy can properly process that. I stood looking at her dumfounded for a moment, brought back to earth only by the discomfort of feeling myself stiffening within the unyielding constraints of my jeans.

At this point, Kelly’s team captain began to speak. With great pleasure, looking mostly at Kelly who was bound to react to what she was about to say, she began. “Now that you’ve had a chance to have a good look at your candidate…”

Kelly leapt and squealed. Apparently this was her first inkling that she was no longer alone with the captain. She instinctively covered herself with her hands. First her breasts and then inching one hand down to her privates as if an afterthought. The captain laughed softly. “Now, now, Kelly. No covering. Every time you cover up, you’ll be given a penalty of your initiators’ choice.” Brent grinned from ear to ear. Chris and I pretended to look down at the floor. Reluctantly, after some hesitation, Kelly lowered her hands to her sides, revealing once more that welcoming, utterly kissable, perfectly naked body.

“As I was saying,” the captain continued, “now that you have had a chance to become acquainted with your candidate for the girls’ swim team, let us begin. In Kelly’s hands are a clipboard and marker pen. Would you kindly hold them out in front of you, Kelly?”

Kelly did as she was commanded, and the captain motioned for me to take them. Kelly squirmed a little as she felt the implements taken from her hands. Another visceral reminder that she and the captain were no longer alone.

“On that clipboard is a list of tasks Kelly must complete for her initiation. Now to make sure everything stays above board and safe, there are a couple of rules. But beyond that, I leave it up to you to ensure she completes these tasks up to such a standard as you deem fit.”

Kelly awkwardly shifted her weight and shuffled her feet, still having no idea who was looking at her. You could see the wheels turning in Brent’s mind as he thought of all the ways that he would cause Kelly to squirm.

The captain continued her instructions to us. “Now, I know you will have no problem keeping to these rules, firstly because I know you are all gentlemen…”

Kelly squealed again, instinctively going to cover herself again. The word “gentleman” seemed to have done it this time. I’m guessing until then she had still been holding out hope that it was just members of the girl’s team viewing her in all her profoundly exposed glory. But now she knew. There were guys present. You could see the goosebumps raise on her skin (which, I have to admit, was awfully hot).

“And secondly,” the captain continued, gently easing Kelly’s arms back down by her side, “because I also know that two of you actually know Kelly rather well and care a great deal about her.”

Man, if you could have seen Kelly’s reaction to this latest revelation. She immediately and instinctively covered her breasts and privates, and she looked around frantically—and futilely, given her blindfold. I think my own reaction must have been a sight too, though, to be honest. I was having some really mixed emotions now. This was all feeling decidedly ungentlemanly. But I was just transfixed.

After clear instructions from her captain (with more than one threat for extended naked punishment and humiliation), Kelly reluctantly uncovered once again and stood up straight.

The captain continued with her instructions. “The rules are these. Number one, no touching. Number two, no making her touch you. And number three, no photos or videos. That’s it. Three rules.” The captain smiled at the three of us. “Other than that, I hope you all have a lovely and creative time together.” The captain finished up with a big grin. “But remember. Just because you are gentlemen, I don’t want you going easy on her just because she is a girl. This is all team-building and character-strengthening, so give her the full welcome. She’ll thank you for it!”

The captain walked to the door. She spoke once more, this time to the naked swim team candidate. “Kelly, when you hear the door close behind you, you may take off your blindfold. Have fun!”

As soon as Kelly heard the door close behind her captain, she frantically ripped off her blindfold. Her eyes fell immediately upon her ex, Brent.

“Aaah! What the hell!?” she yelped. Next, her eyes darted to me. She immediately covered up again. I guess she was less embarrassed with Brent as he had already seen her naked when they were dating.

“Mike! What the hell, guys! What the hell!” she kept saying. Still awkwardly hunching and covering, her eyes turned to Chris. She really didn’t know him well at all. I don’t even know if they had met before. She offered him a quick and courteous, “Hello,” which I thought was awfully polite and put-together, given the circumstances.

“Surprise!” Brent said with a grin, making a point of looking her up and down. “Just like old times, Kelly!” he offered jovially with a smug grin.

I felt I had to say something. “In my defense, Kelly, I had no idea it was going to be you.” There was an awkward silence that lasted a few seconds longer than it needed to. Then I added, “But it is nice to see you again.” The double entendre was not lost on Kelly, still doing her best to cover herself with her arms and hands. Damn. Could she have been any hotter and any cuter? I really don’t think so. I could have looked at her all day like that. Even with her covered up. Just the shape of her hips. Her smooth thighs and belly. Really. Quite intoxicating. Yeah. We were going to have some fun.

Brent, meanwhile, was less enjoying looking at her body and more enjoying his newfound power over his former girlfriend. He said, “Remember, Kelly. No covering. You get a penalty of our choosing every time you cover up.”

She looked back to me and then back to Brent. Was there nobody who would save her from this nightmare of humiliation? Apparently not.

Brent tried to reassure her. “Look, Kelly. There’s no reason to cover yourself at this point. I mean, we’ve all had a good look at you already.” Kelly looked frantically between the three of us again, evaluating up her options.

Brent was having way too much fun. “Any time, now, Kelly. Any time. Just put your hands at your sides. Or behind your back. Either way, really. Your choice. But no more covering.”

With a deep breath, Kelly finally relented, lowering her arms to her side once more.

“Aww. That is just lovely,” Brent beamed. “Of course, since you covered, we’ll need to give you a penalty.” He looked at me and Chris for ideas. “Any suggestions for a first penalty for our dear, naked Kelly?”

I went quiet. I had been starting to feel a bit more adventurous, but I wasn’t quite feeling bold enough to start ordering penalties. Brent, on the other hand, seemed utterly unphased. He looked Kelly straight in the eye. Then he glanced down her body, all the way to her feet, and slowly back up again. You could see that the embarrassment was consuming her. But she sure wasn’t going to cover up again and face yet another penalty.

Brent cheerily suggested, “Well, how about you start by stretching your arms above your head and giving us a graceful little spin.” He said, grinning from ear to ear.

Kelly looked at him as if to say, “Are you serious?”

“Very,” came the reply from the jubilant Brent.

Her eyes darted briefly to me and then instantly shot to the floor. After a deep breath, she raised her arms above her head and slowly began to spin on the spot. Once again, I was transfixed. The way her breasts lifted with her arms. The adorable little paunch of her otherwise toned stomach. And that ass. Damn she had a nice ass. How had I never noticed that before.

She completed the twirl and looked at us for approval. I could see in her the ever-present and desperate urge to cover herself. But she stayed the course. She had no interest in making things worse for herself.

After a moment of dumbfounded silence, I suddenly remembered the clipboard in my hand. I scanned the opening paragraph.

“Well, Kelly, this will actually be pretty easy,” I said, eliciting a surprised, hopeful, but thoroughly suspicious look from Kelly.

Reading verbatim from the instruction sheet, I said, “To prove you have what it takes to join the most athletic club on campus, you will demonstrate to your initiators a full workout routine. It must include…” I stopped speaking as I scanned through the rest of the list. My eyed bulged in my head. Kelly looked at me pleadingly, as if to say, “Please put me out of my misery and just tell me!” I couldn’t resist looking her up and down again. Cute, vulnerable, embarrassed. It was getting increasingly more difficult to play the gallant gentleman.

“Let’s just take it step by step,” I said with authority. Yes. My gentlemanly ways were ready to take a leave of absence. There was way too much fun to be had. I prepared to read the first instruction. Kelly had no idea what to expect. No idea whatsoever.


Part 2 The Warm-Up

Kelly was beyond nervous. I don’t even know what word to use. Not scared. She wasn’t scared at all. She knew we cared about her and that we weren’t going to do anything inappropriate. So there was no fear of that. But still, to be standing completely naked in front of her ex-boyfriend (Brent), her longtime pal (me), and some hot Greek guy (Chris), she was clearly mortified.

I looked at the clipboard with the list of tasks. I decided to just go one task at a time. And if I’m being honest, I did it that way because she was just so adorably embarrassed and nervous. I was enjoying it more than I should have been, and, hey, what was the harm in playing up the hazing? After all, wasn’t that my job? (Sorry if my rationalization is too obvious.) But in any case, the full list was way too exciting to spill all at once).

Kelly looked at me with these sweet little eyes. Just hoping it wouldn’t be too rough. Unfortunately for her, it was going to be.

I read from the list. “Step 1: Demonstrate to your initiators how you would conduct your pre-training warm up. Continue until your initiators are satisfied.”

“A warmup?” Kelly asked, incredulous.

“You’re going to want to do some stretches,” I said with a grin, stretching out my arms wide. I thought that was a good touch, really ramming home just how exposed she would be all stretched out. Damn, I was really beginning to have way too much fun.

Kelly looked at each of us, psyching herself up to really put herself on display. I couldn’t help but smile. “Stretch out.” Such an innocuous command in any other setting, but it had oh, such different connotations when you have a deficit of clothing and a surplus of viewers. “Perhaps you can start with some lunges,” I offered. “They’re very important after all. You would hate to pull something.”

“Lunges? Are you serious?” Kelly asked.

“It does say this has to be done to the satisfaction of your initiators,” Brent chimed in.

Chris had been quiet (perhaps speechless?) until now. But he suddenly added, “Yes, lunges are very important to prevent injury.”

It wasn’t entirely clear whether he was finally getting into the swing of things or whether he genuinely wanted to advise on best fitness practice. Either way, Chris’ remark seemed to spur (or baffle) Kelly into action. Placing her hands on her hips, she slowly, cautiously, tentatively, squirmingly, began to lunge toward us, alternating each leg. It really was a beautiful display of the human physique at its finest. I honestly didn’t know where to look. Her breasts jiggled mesmerizingly with each bounce. Her stomach tensed and flexed as her core activated. But I couldn’t help but feel drawn to her most intimate anatomy, highlighted so enticingly by the movements. She scowled at me as I momentarily looked up to her face.

We called the lunges to a halt, satisfied with this first exercise. I went to put a checkmark in the warmup column of the scoresheet, but Brent stopped me.

“That’s your quads,” Brent admonished, “but it would be too bad if you were to injure your glutes and hamstrings.”

Kelly’s eyes bore into him. “I suppose you have a stretch in mind for that?”

“Oh, absolutely!” Brent shot back. “But this is a delicate move, so it’s very important that you take your time and hold the position for as long as we tell you too.”

Kelly whitened a little. “What?” she asked, having no idea what she was in for, but suspecting it wasn’t going to be good news for her.

Brent looked her right in the eye as he delivered the horrifying news. “We need you to turn around for us, bend over, and touch your toes.”

If I had had a drink, I would have spat it out. I looked at Brent. He appeared triumphant. Then I looked at Kelly. She looked furious. I looked at Chris. He looked… well he was nodding thoughtfully, which either meant he really did think this was just a normal warmup sans clothing, or he was the world’s most nonchalant hazer.

Kelly and Brent seemed to stare each other out for a moment. But then, with a quick glance in my direction, Kelly sighed and nodded. “I can’t believe you’re enjoying this so much,” she muttered in Brent’s direction, somewhat under her breath, but loud enough for us all to hear. Then it happened. She turned around. Yes, I had seen her ass briefly when she twirled earlier. But now, here it was. A prolonged and unobstructed view. Wow. Just wow. Her smooth, round shoulders heaved slightly as she released another deep sigh. And then, reaching her arms up above her head, she did as she was told, bending over and reaching for her toes. I watched in shock. My jaw dropped. She was actually doing it! I would have been impressed, but I was in no position to reflect upon poor, naked Kelly’s inspiring fortitude. My eyes were drawn in and could not look away. All of her most intimate treasures were perfectly, unflinchingly on display.

“Let’s check out her form,” Brent said, walking closer to her. I couldn’t believe his audacity, but I followed without thinking. And without even realizing what was happening, the three of us found ourselves huddled around her, balancing on our haunches, less than a foot away from her ass, heads level to it, as Brent began to point out the various aspects of her fine form. In the small gap between her thighs, I could see Kelly frantically trying to get a look to see what we were doing. Our eyes locked for a moment. We both froze. She looked mortified. Touching her toes and looking at me, upside down, between her flexing thighs. Oh, the look on her face was priceless. I don’t think I’d ever seen her—or anyone—at quite this level of humiliation.

We suddenly broke eye contact as Brent cheerfully announced, “I’ve got to say Kelly, you really do have a perfect ass. I never got such a lovely view of it when we were dating. You really do look good bent over.”

I think Kelly almost squealed out loud at this remark. I couldn’t help but agree with him, but I didn’t feel comfortable voicing it. That would make things awkward (as if things weren’t awkward already). Thankfully, Chris was on hand to cut the tension. “Yes,” he said matter-of-factly. “This is a very good specimen of the female glutes.”

I couldn’t help but peek between Kelly’s legs once more to see her facial expression in reaction to this latest quip. She was flushing even redder than just a moment prior. I smiled. It may have looked to her like a smirk, perhaps. As if to say, “Okay, Kelly. I’ve got you. I’m dressed and you’re naked. This is a moment neither of us will ever forget.” To her credit, she smiled back. Although it was that odd kind of smile with a subtext of, “Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.")

Not able to take the exposure one second longer, Kelly blurted out, “Okay. I think this exercise is done now.” And she started to stand up. But Brent wouldn’t hear of it.

“Ah, ah, ah… not quite.” Brent hurriedly interjected. “Now Kelly, dear, dear naked Kelly, you know for these exercises to work they need to be held for at least a minute. In fact, if you were really doing it properly, you would try to stretch even further to your toes as you loosened up.”

“Come ooooon,” she pleaded.

After what was definitely more than a minute, we eventually let her stand up again. That had been intense. After that ordeal, Kelly was looking pretty spent. She had taken it like a trooper, but that had been a lot for her. I can’t lie, it was kind of a lot for me too. That was going to take some processing. I had really let myself go there. We hadn’t broken any rules, and we had kept a pretty close eye on things to make sure they never crossed the fragile line between embarrassment and humiliation for poor Kelly. But I had revealed a shocking side to myself. For those few minutes, which I’m sure felt like hours for her, I had completely said goodbye to any gentlemanly instincts I had. Strangely, it was kind of fun, and I was getting revved up to see how else I could torment her. In a friendly, safe way, of course. Playful tormenting. But tormenting, nonetheless. Look (and I know I’m rationalizing again), but this was our job! They expected us to haze her to the best of our ability… while staying within the guidelines of the three rules, of course. And she was so damn adorable, all cute and naked and embarrassed. Really, I was totally having the time of my life.

I looked down at the clipboard, and fortunately for me (and perhaps not so fortunately for Kelly), we weren’t nearly done. We had only just finished the warmup!

I made a point of placing a checkmark in the box on the instructions. But next was the actual workout.

“Alright then,” Brent clapped, returning to his smug bravado. “I think this calls for some cardio. What do you think guys? What can Kelly do to really get her blood flowing?”

“Cardio?” Kelly pleaded as her shoulders slumped a bit, facing us, perfectly naked with her hands at her sides.

“Cardio,” I smiled back.


Part 3 Naked Hula Hoop (and other cardio)

Brent looked at Kelly. He could see how badly she wanted this to be over, even though she was putting up a good front. He picked up a towel off a nearby bench and tossed it to her.

“Here, Kelly. Wrap this around yourself and cover up.”

Chris and I, a bit confused (and disappointed too, I might add) looked at Brent. Kelly was most appreciative. She eagerly took the towel and quickly wrapped it around her body. I have to admit, I think she may have looked just as amazing in the towel as she did naked. She was still adorable and embarrassed, but now her perfect curves were tightly wrapped in a thin, white bath towel. I was starting to get hard again.

Brent looked at Kelly. “There you go. You know, though, in all honesty, I only gave the towel for a moment. That way, we can embarrass you all over again when we tell you it’s time to get naked again. Isn’t that fun? I thought I might do that a few times. ‘Here’s a towel, Kelly. Oh, wait. Give it back. Let’s see you naked again.’ Kind of like that. Nice, huh?”

Kelly scowled at Brent. He was right. It may have been easier to just remain naked than to endure the humiliation of baring all once more. But for now, she was content to be covered up.

Brent said, “Okay, Kelly. Cardio. Hold on. We’ve got a few things for you to use.”

Kelly was confused. “Things to use?”

“Yeah. Hold on.” Brent walked over to a nearby bench and picked up a couple of items. He returned, cheerfully announcing what he had in hand.”

“Let’s see. We’ve got… a jump rope.” Kelly just about fainted as she imagined having to jump rope naked for the three of us, jiggling away. “And we’ve got a hula hoop!”

Kelly looked petrified and irritated at the same time. Her eyes adorably wide. “Really? A hula hoop? Come ooooonnnn!”

Brent smiled. “Aw, Kelly. Don’t be nervous. Remember when we went to that carnival a few months back and they had that hula hoop contest? You took first place. Of course, you were dressed then. So it will be fun to watch you move around with that hoop au naturel!”

Yes, Brent was absolutely right. That would be a lot of fun to watch! (Sorry. Again, goodbye gentlemanly chivalry. Hello boner.)

I looked down at the clipboard. “Sorry, Kelly. That’s what it says. For cardio, you’ve got jump rope, hula hoop, and, oh, what’s this? Oh, jumping jacks. Yes. Jump rope, hula hoop, and jumping jacks. One minute each. That’s all. A relatively light workout.” I shot her a friendly smile. She glared back at me, as if to say, You’re in for it, mister. Just you wait.

Then Brent smiled at her. “And don’t worry. We’ll let you have the towel between sets. So much fun watching you get naked over and over and over. Isn’t it guys?”

Chris thoughtfully nodded. I tried to play it cool. I didn’t want Kelly to think less of me.

“Alright, Kelly,” I prompted. We’ll start with the jump rope. One minute. Here, I’ll take that towel from you.” I stood up, the bulge in my pants obvious to anyone who was looking, and happily relieved Kelly of her towel. She instinctively started to cover her breasts with her hands, but then thought better of it, wanting to avoid another penalty. Brent gently tossed the jump rope to her. I looked at my watch.

“And… now!”

Oh, heavens. Off she went. I’ve got to say, you haven’t lived until you’ve seen a cute, naked, bashful, hot girl jump rope. How can I even describe it? I guess I’ll just start at the bottom and work my way up. Kelly had the cutest feet. Just the cutest. Petite, smooth. Her toes painted such a cheery pink. Then working up to her calves. The way the bouncing would cause them to flex so perfectly. It was a work of art. Truly. And up to her thighs. I was done for. Hook, line, and sinker. The way they would ripple and bounce on every jump. Such perfect form and athleticism, yes, but so amazingly sexy too. I could get lost looking at her naked thighs. And of course, her privates. Her perfectly smooth intimate area. It was just so inviting, the way it would undulate every time the rope passed under her feet. Gently in and out; in and out. Just wow. And her belly. So perfectly toned, and yet, the jiggling couldn’t be missed. It was almost too much to take. But then the piece de resistance. Her perfect breasts. On every bounce. The absolutely flawless movement. Up, down, bounce, and jiggle. Up, down, bounce, and jiggle. Over and over. It was dreamily hypnotic. I couldn’t help but comment.

“Kelly, I have to say, and I’ve been looking at you from head to toe, but the way your breasts are bouncing is just too much to handle. Quite spectacular, really. So sorry we only have 15 seconds left. But then, of course, you’ll have the hula hooping and jumping jacks. So we can all look forward to that!”

My comment had the desired effect. If Kelly wasn’t already red-faced from the cardio workout, she was from the embarrassment. This was much too much fun.

“And… 60. Great. Now, Brent, if you would hand Kelly the hula hoop, please.”

“With pleasure, Mike. With pleasure.”

Kelly, breathing heavily, her breasts heaving a bit with each breath, took the hula hoop from Brent. She glared at him. “You asshole,” she said, quietly.

Brent just smiled back. “It’s all for the swim team, Kelly. All for the swim team!”

Chris pulled out his phone. Kelly screamed, “Hey, no photos! That was the rule!”

Chris reassured her, “No, Kelly, no worries. I’m not taking any photos or videos. I just wanted to give you some Hawaiian music to hula to.” He started playing some traditional Hawaiian guitar music. “There you go. That should help you get in the mood.”

I looked at my watch. “Okay, Kelly. Off you go. One minute.”

I really couldn’t believe it. I hadn’t thought anything could surpass the jump rope. But watching Kelly rotate and undulate her pelvis to keep the hula hoop in place? Wow. I think I died and went to heaven. Even more hypnotic than the jump rope.

Just as I was getting lost in her upper thighs and privates, Brent said, “Hey, Kelly, I mean as great a view as this is, and it is a great view, I wonder if you could do me a favor.”

Not daring to stop hula hooping, for fear I would restart the clock, Kelly asked, incredulously, “What??? A favor??? Are you kidding???” I couldn’t tell if the look on her face was anger, embarrassment, or defeat. In all honesty, I think it was a glorious combination of all three. She was so incredibly cute like this. All naked and embarrassed like this. I kind of wanted to keep her that way forever.

Brent said, “If you could just turn and face the other way while you hula. We really haven’t gotten a good look at your ass in a while, and I’ll be it’s just delightful as your front, as it sways side to side and back and forth with the hula hoop.”

Kelly couldn’t believe it. How could this get any worse? “Are you kidding? Turn around?” she said as she continued to hula to the music.

“Yes, please,” Brent insisted. “Turn around, please. And if you could keep your arms out to the sides a bit more. You know, kind of wave them like you're at an authentic luau.”

Not believing this was her fate—but at the same time, resigned to it, Kelly maintained her hula hooping and slowly turned her back to us. And my word. Brent was so right. Her ass looked absolutely incredible. The motion of it with each turn of the hoop. The steady and methodical undulation. The rhythm. Wow. Her motion so smooth; her skin so inviting; the movement so stunning. I could barely speak.

Unfortunately, we were coming up on one minute. I sadly announced, “Okay, Kelly. Three, two, one. That’s a minute.” I paused and then admitted, “I was tempted to say that I had lost track of the time and that we had to start over. I mean, watching you move like that? Wow. You’re really something else. But I didn’t. I thought it wouldn’t be gentlemanly.”

Kelly stared at me in disbelief. “Gentlemanly???”

I smiled back at her. I was going to enjoy this to the fullest extent possible.

Brent quickly tossed Kelly her towel. “Here you go. Enjoy some modesty for a moment, if you like.” Kelly quickly wrapped the towel around her body. Then Brent said, “Cute. But I can’t wait to take it off of you again!”

I looked at my clipboard. I put a checkmark by the jump rope and the hula hoop. “Okay, Kelster. Do you mind if I call you ‘Kelster?’”

She was not amused. “’Kelly’ will be fine, Mike.”

“Very good. Okay, Kelly. Next is jumping jacks. One minute. Now, I’m going to say that you do the first 30 seconds facing us and then second 30 seconds facing away from us.”

Brent walked over to Kelly, stood behind her, and without warning, snatched the towel away. Again, she instinctively started to cover, catching herself just in time. “You asshole!”

Again, Brent reassured her, “Now, now. Again, it’s all for the team. All for the team!”

Chris, still remaining extremely quiet through the whole thing, finally said, “Alright, Kelly. Jumping jacks. I think we’ll see some nice jiggling on these. My only question is which jiggling will be more impressive. The breast jiggling or the ass jiggling.”

We all stared at Chris. This was more than he had spoken all afternoon. And part of me thinks he was really interested in comparing the jiggling as some sort of physics experiment. I, on the other hand, just wanted to watch her amazing body move. And Brent was having the time of his life embarrassing the shit out of his former girlfriend. So good. There was something in it for all of us.

I looked at my watch. “Okay, Kelly. Jumping jacks. One minute. Starting… now.”

She wasted no time getting started. I couldn’t take my eyes off her breasts. I thought the bouncing during the jump rope was spectacular. But it had nothing on this. The way they would stretch up and then suddenly come down, ending with a perfect bounce. Each and every time. I couldn’t stop staring. Then I saw her looking at me staring. It was embarrassing to be caught like that, but hell, that’s why we were there. So I looked her in the eye and then just moved my gaze unabashedly back down to her breasts. I don’t even know if I was hard or not. It was beyond sexual at that point. It was spellbinding. Again, my main concern was that one minute wouldn’t be enough for me to commit this to memory. I could have watched her for ever and ever.

Just then, Brent announced, “Alright. Turn around. Let’s see that ass bounce!”

Like the obedient team player she was, she turned around. Oh, boy. That ass didn’t disappoint. Up, down, bounce. Up, down, bounce. Up, down, bounce.

Once I was able, I spoke up. “Damn them for not allowing video. I would have put this on a loop and just watched it endlessly. This is so amazing.”

I’m sure Kelly was thankful she was facing away from us as I said that. I’m sure it did nothing to put her at ease. But finally, her minute was up. She remained facing away from us for a moment.

“Good job, Kelly,” I congratulated. “Now if you’ll just turn and face us, please.”

She hesitated a moment, but sure enough, she turned around. Breathing heavily, her chest moving with each inhale and exhale, she stood there plainly with her hands at her sides.

Hopefully, she asked, “Can I have my towel, please?”

Brent shook his head. “I don’t think so, Kelly. You can just stand there for a bit while we figure out what’s next.”

“What’s next?” she pitifully cried out. “Isn’t that enough?”

I looked at the checklist. “Well, not quite. Let’s see. We’ve done the warmup and the cardio. But it looks like next is strength training.”

“Come oooooonnnnnn!!!! Strength training? Are you kidding me??? What does that entail?”

I looked at the clipboard and smiled big. “Oh, it’s nothing Kelly. Nothing at all. Just take a moment to catch your breath, and then we’ll get started.”

I couldn’t wait!

