It's hot and sweaty in the club, close, gorgeously claustrophobic, stinking of sweat and smoke and sour alcohol, and the air is wringing wet and heavy with sound. Arthur's shirt sticks to his back, glued there by his own body-heat and the crush of bodies against him. He's hanging onto the barrier for dear life, gleefully, violently, wincing every time someone digs fingernails up under his elbows and still yelling, loving it all.

He gets wrenched off the barrier and backwards into the crowd, tries jumping up, arms windmilling frantically in an effort to keep his balance, but he falls, heavily, against people who heave him back up and away, hands ungentle and uncaring on Arthur's ribs and kidneys and face.

There is a joy in a moshpit that makes you stay in it when your eardums buzz and burn and your flesh bruises and the skin of your face feels hot and stretched by the grin you can't get rid of. Arthur knows that joy. He knows he's supposed to be eyeing potentials for signing, knows his father expects him to turn up the Next Big Thing. And he will, he will, but he's going to do it his way. If they can't make that joy on stage with people screaming and feral below them, they won't sell. And standing by a bar, watching, you'd never work that out.

Arthur flatters himself he knows what he's doing. He looks at people ripping clothes and trampling and screaming god-knows-what from ripped-raw throats and feels contempt, because they let the mood rule them. He tells himself it's camouflage, as well - execs stand back. Fans get stuck in. And he's damned if he'll wear a suit to somewhere this hot.

What he doesn't admit, even to himself, is that he'd be here if it wasn't work, he'd be here if his only reason was to dance and listen and get accidentally beaten up and to pull someone equally pretty and bruised before the end of the night. What he doesn't admit is that he wants it. He wants this to be his world, instead of the record company and the big mahogany desk.

And then the flash of stagelights, amber and hot, catches the eyes of a tall, skinny guy who's standing like a rock at the barrier and staring, not at the band, but at Arthur, and suddenly Arthur forgets all his good intentions. The guy's staring, and Arthur wants to find out why. He doesn't hear the rest of the set, trying to swim against the tide of bodies. By the time he makes the barrier, searching for the owner of the eyes, the encore's done and people are leaving, letting those remaining fight over the tape-covered set-list, and letting Arthur sag suddenly, feeling his bruises all at once, no longer held up and in by sheer pressure.

But the tall guy's gone. Arthur curses.

'Good, weren't they,' says someone behind him. Arthur turns. To his disbelief, the tall guy is behind him. He's just as interesting in normal lighting - the planes of him flat and clean-cut, his eyes maybe blue, maybe brown, dilated all the way open. 'You looked like you were having fun. I'm Merlin, by the way,' He offers a hand.

Arthur shakes it. 'Arthur,' he replies, still studying that face and wondering if he can persuade him - Merlin - to come home with him. The way the handshake lingers, fingers brushing the insides of wrists, suggests the answer's probably a yes.

'Arthur Pendragon, I'm guessing,' Merlin says thoughtfully, looking Arthur up and down. When Arthur raises an eyebrow, he grins. 'You think there was a single person in that pit who didn't know who you are? The only son of this country's most influential record label owner? His talent scout?' Merlin laughs. 'I've had your mugshot imprinted on my brain since the first gig I ever played.'

'Oh?' If Merlin is telling the truth (and strangely, Arthur doesn't even think of not believing him), Arthur's much-loved moshpit anonymity is a lie. That's an uncomfortable thought. But he doesn't care right now, still feeling the buzzing in his ears and the buzzing in his brain, and the air cooling around them. Arthur badly wants to take this somewhere else. 'Listen, do you want to get out of here?'

Merlin grins again, his eyes crinkling up. 'I could be persuaded,' he says off-handedly, moving in a little closer.

Persuasion is how they end up in the bathrooms. Not even very much persuasion, actually, and then Arthur's head is thrown back against a cubicle wall and neither of them are able to say much.

'Can you just-'

'Yeah, I-'

'God-'

'God-'

Arthur likes it the way he likes the pit and the noise and the bloody awful bands he's sent out to assess four nights a week - he likes the assault on his senses. The too-much, too-fast, too-hard of it. He buries his hands in Merlin's shirt and wrenches him closer, buries his lips and teeth under Merlin's jaw, wraps one ankle round the back of Merlin's calves. Lets their combined weight push him against the wall, lets his hips snap in push-pull-push-pull metronome motion.

Tonight he'll have this. Tomorrow he'll go and tell his father that the group weren't any good, and that he's still looking, yes, honestly. But right now ...

Merlin slides to his knees, looks up wickedly as he starts to open Arthur's fly. Arthur's eyes roll back into his skull of their own accord, last thoughts sliding across his mind, desperate to get themselves across before the brain shut up shop.

You think there was a single person in that moshpit who didn't know who you are?' Arthur's eyes flicker open again.

... since the first gig I played ... 

'Nnngh,' he says incoherently, pushing away. Merlin's head comes back up. His eyes are dark and stupid with want, his mouth red and wet.

'Wha'?'

'Stop,' breathes Arthur, struggling to get himself back under control. 'Stop,' he says a minute later, sharper. Merlin gets up slowly, a wreck and a mess and completely uncomprehending.

'What is it, Arthur-'

'You- this ... You just want a contract.' Arthur tries to do up his pants like he isn't still actually kind of gagging for it, tries to salvage some of his dignity. His fingers turn to wood, his body decides it isn't having a bar of it, actually. But Arthur doesn't do groupies or wannabes or producer's-couch-artists, can't do that to the company. Can't do it to himself.

It kinda hurts, more than it should for a bathroom hook-up.

'Excuse me?'

'Nice try.' Arthur lets out a derisive bark of laughter. 'The innocent act is brilliant. But let me guess, you're playing this compost-heap of a bar tomorrow, and you'd really like it if I stopped by?' He can't help the tone of it, can't help twisting the knife a little, tit-for-tat, pain for pain. No doubt Merlin'd thought they could both be happy with this kind of ... arrangement.

But Arthur doesn't do that.

'Excuse me?' Merlin says again. He looks shocked. 'You think I hung around after a gig, when I could be with my mates, to hit you up about that? You think I'd - You think that's what I was- ' He can't even finish the sentence, he's gone a deep wine-red colour.

'I don't think, I know,' Arthur retorts. 'Sorry mate, but I'm on a tight schedule.' Arthur gives a little wave, and heads for the door.

'Oh, I'm so sorry. My apologies, your Majesty, I'm sure,' Merlin calls after him, his voice echoing on the bathroom tiles.

Arthur goes home and gets out all his frustrations in the shower with Mudhoney blasting on the stereo through the water-noise. It's not what he wants to listen to - no-one likes to be told they're a creep, they're a jerk - but he doesn't know what it is he wants. He goes to bed with his iPod on shuffle; falls asleep to PJ Harvey saying dreamy dreamy music make it be alright and wakes up to the Who telling him don't cry, it's only teenage wasteland.

Ain't that the truth.