My First Time at a Nude Beach
by Emi Tsuruta

In Oceanview, where I live, there's a nude beach not far from campus.  I kind of had mixed feelings about going.  For one thing, I wasn't sure if I wanted to take my boyfriend, Ryosuke.  I had this image of me lying on the beach with all these people around, and then he comes over, and climbs on top of me with everyone watching.  Even if we didn't get arrested, I swear I'd die of embarrassment.  In any case, my classmates who told me about the beach say that it is just for naturists, and sex is not allowed (Can you imagine if it was?). 

On the other hand though, I was really curious about what it would be like.  I mean I'd never been to a nude beach before, and I wanted to know what kind of people go there and how they act.  Some of my classmates say they've been, but just hearing them talk about it isn't the same as seeing it yourself. 

I also wasn't sure if I could get the nerve up to actually get naked on the beach.  I mean Ryosuke is always trying to get me to strip naked outside, but not when people are right there watching.  What frightened me though was at the nude beach, you know for sure that people are going to see you, and you have to pretend like you are not excited even if you are. I didn't know if I could actually go through with it, but I did want to try. 

Anyway, the first time, I just went down by myself just to take a look. That was early in the summer after I just got back from Japan.  Ryosuke phoned to say he had to work late.  I was kind of disappointed, but anyway, I had some supper, and then went to the library to study.  My heart wasn't into studying though.  I wanted to go out, and do something, so I finally decided to go see if I could find the beach.  It was late, so I knew there probably wouldn't be anyone there, but I at least wanted to see what it looked like. 

At the back of our campus, there is, like, this big forest.  You follow a path through the woods, and eventually you come to wooden steps that lead down the cliff side to the beach.  It was so dark, and at first I couldn't find any signs, but this guy at school, Jim, had explained how to get there. A couple of times, he has invited Satomi and me to go with him.  We haven't said yes or anything, but it was nice of him to explain where it is. 

It was a bit spooky walking around in the woods at night.  I wasn't really sure if it was safe, but it's right by campus.  If I run into trouble, I could call campus police on my cell.  The woods were pretty quiet though, and it was a nice night out, so I wasn't too worried.  It was a long walk down the hill.  At first, I wasn't sure that I'd found the right place, but when I finally got down to the bottom of the stairs, there was a little box with some pamphlets on naturism in it. 

I stepped out onto the beach, but it was so dark it was hard to tell if there was anyone there or not.  I kind of stood there for a while, my heart beating away, trying to make out what it looked like in the darkness.  It was a lot bigger than I expected.  Off to the left, there is a sandbar that goes way out into the bay almost like a peninsula.  I walked down to the shore, and stared out, trying to see if there was anything out there. There was one dark patch off towards the sand bar, but it wasn't moving, so I guess it must have been a piece of wood or something. 

I wanted to see how warm the water was, so I set down my back pack, and took off my shoes and socks.  The soft sand felt nice on my bare feet.  I dipped my toe in the water, and it wasn't that cold.  I rolled up the cuffs of my jeans, and waded in a little, but the water splashed up, and my jeans got wet.  I walked back to where my bag was, and then took another look around.  All I could hear was the sound of the waves and the rustling of the leaves in the trees.  I saw something moving in the trees, but I guess it was just the branches blowing in the wind.  I slowly undid my belt and the button on the front of my jeans. 

'This is a nude beach after all.  There's nothing wrong with taking my clothes off,' I kept telling myself.  Still, I couldn't help but feel nervous.  I pulled down my jeans, and stepped out of them.  I could feel the breeze on my legs and tummy, and it was giving me butterflies. 

Still wearing my panties and blouse, I waded out into the water again, and turned to look back at the trees just to make sure no one was watching. I looked up at the treetops on top of the hill to see if I could see any of the university buildings, but the trees were too tall.  I came back out of the water, took a deep breath, slipped my panties off, and threw them on top of my bag.  The breeze was tickling my pussy, getting me all excited. I quickly took off my blouse and bra, and put them on my bag too.  Once I was naked, I ran back out into the water, and dove right in. 

It felt absolutely amazing to skinny-dip.  I mean I used to do it when I was little, but this was different.  I felt so alive and free.  I wish I could do this every day. 

I swam around for a while, just in the shallow part near the shore, but eventually, I came back to shore, dried myself off with a handkerchief, and quickly pulled my blouse back on.  I felt exhilarated, but I was still worried about someone catching me.  I looked back toward the stairs.  It still seemed pretty quiet.  I wonder if I could go for a little walk. 

I brushed the sand off my feet, put on my socks and shoes, and stood up. The blouse I was wearing was pretty long.  It had tails at the front and back that more or less covered everything, but the hem came way up in a slit on both sides.  If I did run into anyone, they might be able to tell I was pantiless.  Worse, it was pretty windy, so every once in a while, the tails would fly up, and expose my pussy or behind.  I felt so excited my whole body was shaking.  Maybe I should put my jeans back on before someone sees me. 

I looked back up at the hill.  That's part of the nude beach too though, isn't it?  I nervously shoved my jeans and underwear into my backpack, closed it up, and pulled it on my back.  I looked down, and became more and more nervous about how I must look standing here in just this dressy white blouse.  Still, it was kind of silly to feel so shy on a nude beach.  I set out for the stairs, holding my blouse down.  Still the feeling of the breeze between my legs was getting me excited. 

I made it to the stairs where I could at least hide behind the trees if I needed to.  I wonder how far I could go up the hill.  I stood there for a while wondering if I should even try, but eventually, I got up the nerve, and headed up the steps.  Part way up, I stop holding my blouse down, and just let it blow around.  I don't know why, but I found it such a rush to be on campus almost naked like that. 

When I got to the top of the hill, I peered out through the woods toward the road.  Maybe I should call Ryosuke, and let him know where I am.  I crouched down, so I was out of sight of the street, and dialed his number on my cell.  He answered, but he was on the bus on the way home.  I was about to tell him what I was doing, but before I could, he said he had to go.  I couldn't believe it.  Here I was walking near campus half naked, and he just hangs up.  Humph! 

Still squatting down, I spread my legs open, and lifted up my blouse to take a peek at my pussy.  I was pretty wet down there, but kind of confused and upset too.  I knew I shouldn't be doing this, especially here right on the edge of campus, but I touched myself.  I don't normally do things like that.  I ran my middle finger along my lips to get it wet, and then gently rubbed my pleasure spot.  I even pushed my finger inside me!  My whole body was shaking, but I pulled it out before I came.  I stood up dazed, panting heavily.  I really wanted to have sex.  I was so frustrated that Ryosuke wouldn't see me. 

I eventually got dressed, and went home, but it wasn't till the weekend that Ryosuke and I finally got together.  I didn't tell him that I'd been to the nude beach. 

Anyway, I guess it was a few weeks after that, I finally convinced Satomi to come with me.  I'd been talking with her about it ever since Jim started bugging us.  He asked again that day, but Satomi told him no, so he left.  I asked as innocently as I could, 

"Aren't you interested to see what the beach is like?  It seems like everyone's talking about it." 

"There's no way I'm going with some guy we barely know." 

It sounded to me like she might be interested, but just didn't want to go with Jim. 

"What if I went with you?" I still haven't figured out how much Satomi knows about my secrets, but anyway, she just kind of looked at me for a while, and then confessed, 

"I guess I am a little bit curious..." 

I took that as a yes, and suggested we go, and check it out early the next morning.  We probably shouldn't go too late in the day, because then it might get crowded.  Actually, neither of us knew what to expect, 'cause I hadn't been yet during the day.  I don't think there are any nude beaches at all in Japan. 

We decided that the best way to get an early start was if I slept over in her dorm room, and left from there.  I went home to get my nightie and toothbrush and stuff.  I told my host mom I'd be staying at Satomi's.  I'm not sure if she believed me (she'd met Ryosuke quite a few times by then), but for once it was the truth.  I had supper with my host family, got packed, and headed down to her dormitory. 

I'd been to Satomi's dorm a few times, but this was the first time I slept over.  I kind of envy her because she's free to do what she wants without worrying about a host mom.  Still, she says the dorm is kind of noisy, so it's hard to study.  I also like it because some of the guys there are kind of hunky.  Every time we saw a cute guy, I'd ask her to introduce me, but she'd always claim she didn't know him. 

What freaked me out though was that even the washrooms and showers are co-ed.  Can you believe that?  I asked Satomi about it, but she says she showers late at night or early in the morning when no one is around.  I have to admit I was pretty worked up about the whole thing. 

I got to her dorm pretty late, so I had a quick shower, and changed into my nightie.  I kept wondering if some guy was going to come in to the washroom while we were brushing our teeth, but no one did.  You could hear guys' voices in the hallway, and coming from the common room though. 

In Satomi's room, it was so hot.  The dorm doesn't have air-conditioning, and so we had to sleep with the window open, but then you can hear the cars going by outside.  It took me a while to fall asleep.  I woke up in the middle of the night.  I felt hot, so I took my panties off. Maybe I shouldn't have, but I figured we were going to the nude beach next day, so it didn't really matter if Satomi saw me half-naked.  It felt cooler too, but the cool night air made me want to go to the washroom. 

I got up, and opened the door as quietly as I could.  It was pitch black in Satomi's room, but out in the hall, the lights were still on.  I blinked in the bright light, and thought about putting my bottoms back on, but decided to take the chance.  It was late, so there probably wouldn't be anyone up.  I did my business, then washed my hands, and came right back. 

I paused for a minute at Satomi's door.  There seemed to be noise coming from down the hall.  I pulled my nightie down to cover my pussy, and tiptoed down to the common room.  Someone had left the TV on.  I peeked around the corner, but I couldn't see anyone, so I strode right in, planning to turn the TV off.  When I was halfway across the room, I suddenly realized that there was a guy sitting right there.  I hadn't seen him because he was off sitting in the corner.  I scrambled to pull the hem over my bare bottom.  I'm not sure how much he saw, but he sat up, and stared right at me obviously surprised.  I pushed the hem down as far as I could, but that just made it more obvious I had something to hide. 

"Oh s-s-sorry, I-I-I thought no one was here," I stuttered pointing to the TV. 

"Oh no, that's alright." He smiled apologetically.  He looked quite handsome, tall with dark hair, about the same age as me. 

"If you're watching, I'll just..." I made for the door. 

"No, no, that's OK.  I was just going to shut it off." He stood up.  I shivered afraid of what he might do.  He moved calmly towards the TV, so I quickly scurried out the door and back to Satomi's room. 

Now I really couldn't sleep.  I couldn't believe I'd just flashed some guy.  I couldn't stop thinking about it.  I wonder what he thought.  I hadn't ever seen him before, but I wonder what would happen if I bumped into him on campus.  'Hey, aren't you that naked girl from the other night?' That would be embarrassing.  I wonder if I should go back, and explain.  But what could I say anyway?  'I was hot, and I didn't think anyone would be around.' He'd probably still think I am a nympho.  How on earth do I get myself into these situations anyway?  Anyway, I'd better try to get some sleep. 

I dreamed I was at the nude beach.  Someone had told my parents, and they had come (all the way to California from Japan?) to get me, and take me home.  My mom seemed really angry.  They were dragging me away, and I was screaming and yelling to let go.  Do you ever have dreams like that? 

Anyway, the next morning, I woke up on the futon on Satomi's floor.  She was already up and getting ready.  She was looking over at me, a bit annoyed that I didn't have on any panties.  I quickly pulled them on, and started getting ready too.  It was still really early, but we wanted to get there before it got crowded. 

The weather outside was really nice, sunny and warm, the perfect day for the beach.  The cafeteria wasn't open yet, so we walked up to the convenience store to buy some breakfast, and then headed towards the beach. It isn't too far from Satomi's dorm.  We didn't see many people on campus yet, so that was a relief.  I showed Satomi the path that leads down to the beach, and we made our way down the hill. 

When we came out at the bottom of the stairs, at first we couldn't see anyone at all.  There was no one sitting to our right, but then on the left, we saw a couple of guys.  There were a few other groups sitting further down the beach.  Wow!  These naturists start early! 

The guy standing right by us was completely naked, and had long hair and a beard.  He was in good shape, but his hair was speckled grey.  He looked like a hippy from the sixties. 

He and his friends looked over at us perhaps a bit surprised to see two cute young Japanese girls on the beach.  It looked like he was going to say something to us, but we kept on walking trying not to look.  I wanted to check if there was anyone there we knew.  Everyone seemed older than us. There were a couple of women sitting huddled in the groups, but mostly it was just guys.  All of the guys were nude, but only one of the women was topless.  The other women still had on their swimsuits.  Satomi didn't seem keen on getting naked if we'd be the only girls who were. 

In one of the groups, I thought I heard someone call us 'textiles.' I guess that's what nudists call people who wear clothes.  I didn't like being called a textile.  I had come there to be a nudist just like them. Still it wasn't that easy to just strip in front of all these strange people. 

We walked all the way down to the cliff at the far end of the beach.  We didn't want to sit too close to the entrance or to the other people, so we ended up walking out onto the sandbar.  We walked pretty far out, but I could tell that all the people back toward the cliffs were watching us to see what we would do. 

I chose a spot, got out my towel, and spread it out on the sand.  Satomi was still looking back at the people. 

"C'mon.  It'll be OK," I told Satomi.  She got out her towel too, and laid it down beside mine.  We both sat down. 

"I don't know about this, Emi.  None of the other girls are naked." 

"But there's no one here we know.  C'mon, Sacchan.  Don't be such a scarredy cat." (Sacchan is Satomi's nickname). 

Although I was trying to sound confident, I was actually pretty nervous myself.  The hippy guy looked like he was drinking beer.  Satomi looked worried.  We just sat there for a while, until the people on the beach stopped looking this way. 

Still, I felt pretty silly sitting on a nude beach fully clothed.  What had we come here for anyway?  I waited a bit longer, and when I was absolutely sure that no one was watching, I moved a bit closer to Satomi using her to block the view of the people on the beach as I lifted my t-shirt up.  When Satomi noticed me undressing, she opened her eyes wide in shock. 

"Relax.  I have my swimsuit on underneath," I reassured her.  As soon as she saw my bikini top, she breathed a sigh of relief.  It was the red and white bikini I bought when I was in Japan.  It slid up my breasts a bit when I pulled up my t-shirt, so I straightened it out. 

"Oops," I said peering over Satomi's shoulder at the people back near the cliffs. 

"Oh, I thought...," she paused.  "Sorry," she said blushing shyly. 

I don't know why, but we both broke out laughing.  The people back on the beach looked over this way, but that just made us laugh even more. When we finally stopped, Satomi's expression changed. 

"Maybe I'm just being silly," she said.  I took this as a good sign, and started undoing the front of my jeans.  She breathed in sharply, but then I gave her a peek at my bikini bottom, and she smiled.  I kicked off my shoes, and pulled my jeans down and off.  Satomi started to take off her blouse, but I handed her my sun block. 

"Here, can you rub some sun block on my back?" I took off my socks, and lay face down on my towel looking at the people to see their reaction. They weren't really looking this way.  Of course, Satomi was still fully dressed, so maybe they thought I was too.  I reached around, and undid the strings behind my neck and back.  Satomi looked dismayed, but I reassured her. 

"Relax.  I don't think they can tell with you sitting in the way." 

Satomi looked over at them, but finally turned back to me. 

"I guess you're right, but...  but...  don't you feel weird?" 

"Oh c'mon, Satomi.  It's a nudist beach, for heaven's sake." 

She didn't seem convinced. 

"I don't know, Emi, I..." 

"Relax.  Everything's going to be fine." 

Satomi is always like this, I swear.  She worries about every little thing.  I guess in this case, it kind of makes sense, but I don't know.  I felt safe for some reason.  The hippy guy was a bit scary, but the other people looked normal enough.  With so many people here, it was hard to imagine anything bad happening.  Still, maybe I should have brought Ryosuke just in case.  If he'd come though, he would have got all worked up, and there's no way Satomi would have agreed.  It would have turned into something different.  Ryosuke was working today, so he probably wouldn't have been able to come anyway. 

I lay there for a while, topless, facing down.  Satomi reluctantly stripped down to her swimsuit, and rubbed some sun block on herself.  She lay face down beside me, and gradually settled down.  The other people didn't come over to bother us or anything.  I started fiddling with the side ties on my bikini bottom. 

"Are you going to actually...?" Satomi asked, horrified. 

"You can do whatever you want, but as long as we're here, I think I'm going to try.  That's what this place is for anyway." I very carefully undid the ties, and pulled the suit off from under me.  I was so proud of myself for actually getting up the nerve to get naked.  I wasn't sure if I'd have been able to do it if there were people close by.  Satomi kept looking over to see if the people were watching. 

"Cut that out," I warned her.  "It'll just make them curious." 

Satomi turned over on her back, and looked up at the sky. 

"You are so brave.  I don't..." 

Obviously, she wanted to take her swimsuit off too, but she was having trouble getting up the nerve.  It does take a lot of courage.  You feel like you're putting yourself out on display.  Everyone will be able to see all your little birth marks and body hair or whatever.  If you've ever been to a nudist beach, maybe you know what I mean.  But once you do it, you feel so free and alive.  It's hard to describe. 

Anyway, we lay there for a long time, me enjoying being naked, and Satomi worrying.  I loved the feeling of the breeze and sun on my body.  It felt so good.  I kept lying face down, but I was getting so excited that I spread my legs way apart till I could feel the wind licking at my privates. Satomi gave me a disapproving look, but she eventually lay face down, and undid her top the way I had done.  She watched the others for a while, but they were pretty quiet, so she eventually moved her bag, so it would block their view, and peeled off her bottoms as well. 

"How does it feel?" I asked. 

"Terrifying.  I don't know how you do it." 

"You have to admit it is pretty exciting." 

"I'm just praying my psych prof doesn't come along." 

"Relax.  Enjoy yourself.  Do you want me to rub some sun block on your behind?" 

"No thanks.  I can do it." Staying glued to her towel, she grabbed the sun block, and started rubbing it into her firm little buttocks. 

"You have a great body.  If you wanted to, I'm sure you could get Futoshi to ask you out." 

Futoshi was a handsome boy, one of Ryosuke's friends, who also went to Oceanview U. 

"Futoshi?  What ever gave you that idea?" 

"I know you're trying to hide it, but I can tell.  You always blush whenever he shows up." 

Suddenly, this shadow fell over our bodies.  We both looked over, and it was the naked hippy guy standing right there staring down at us.  Satomi grabbed her jacket, and spread it across her behind to cover up.  I tensed, but I didn't cover up.  I waited to see what he would do. 

"I reckon you young missies is new to this here beach." His speech was a bit slurred.  He had on a cowboy hat, but not much else, let me tell you. As he looked down at us, his penis seemed to twitch a bit.  Satomi was too petrified to move, but I just shielded my eyes from the sun, and nodded vaguely. 

"The name's Tex.  I been coming here on thirty years now.  If'n there's anything you gals would like to know..." It wouldn't have been so bad, except he kept glancing down at my backside, obviously excited to see us naked.  We just lay there for what seemed like forever, and then we heard a voice from behind him. 

"Yo, Tex.  Maybe the ladies don't want to be bothered." A younger roly-poly guy came up, and stood beside Tex.  He seemed surprised to find us naked.  Satomi pressed her jacket against her rear, and looked to me, all panicky. 

"Sorry.  Tex tends to get carried away sometimes," Roly-poly apologized. "Come on now Tex.  Let's leave them be." Roly-poly grabbed Tex by the arm, and pulled him away, but Tex didn't want to leave. 

"Least, tell me your names," Tex asked.  With an effort, Roly-poly finally managed to convince Tex to back off.  The hair on my neck slowly settled back down. 

"Phew!  That was close," I sighed. 

Satomi still looked pretty rattled. 

"Calm down.  It's OK.  They're gone." 

She looked back, and they'd gone all the way back to their group.  The group was kind of laughing and teasing Tex. 

"I don't know, Emi.  I think we'd better get dressed, and head back." 

I didn't really want to leave, but I could tell she was upset. 

"Let's just go in for a swim first to cool down." 

"Can I put my swimsuit back on?" 

"Oh, come on.  Once we're in the water, they won't be able to see us anyway." 

She took a hold of her swimsuit, clearly wanting to get dressed.  I rolled over, and sat up, exposing my breasts for the first time.  She kept her back to the others, but finally sat up. 

"I don't know how you can be so calm." 

"It's a nude beach, Satomi.  We're supposed to be naked.  Besides, nothing happened.  He was just a little drunk.  That's all." I stood up, and brushed myself off.  I looked over, and realized that practically the whole beach was staring at me.  I straightened up, and pulled my shoulders back to emphasize my breasts.  I couldn't take the staring though.  "Here I'm going to go in." 

I scooted over to the shore, and waded in.  The water was quite shallow, so I was acutely aware that they could still see.  Satomi ran past me, and then we both ran out, and dove in.  It felt so good to be in the water. Satomi looked happy now that they couldn't see her. 

"See I told you.  Isn't this great?  Fashion hurts.  Being nude heals." 

"Oh, Emi, you're so silly sometimes...  but I guess you're right.  It's not that bad." 

We swam around for a while, splashing and chasing each other and having a great time.  I was so glad that Satomi was finally getting into it. She's just as funny as Ryosuke when she is in a good mood. 

Anyway, after a while, we got tired, and came back out.  Everyone was watching us again as we walked back up to our towels, but we just let them look.  It felt good to be able to walk free like that unashamed of my body. I was beginning to understand better how nudists feel. 

I flopped down on my towel, and lay there spread-eagled out facing the sky.  Satomi giggled nervously, but eventually lay down face up as well. We put on some more sun block, and basked in the sun for a while. Eventually, we started to get hungry, so we decided to head back up to campus, and get something to eat.  I put on a t-shirt and sandals, but didn't get dressed just yet.  Satomi pulled on her swimsuit, but put her clothes in her bag.  We walked past the other people sitting on the beach, and they all smiled.  As I walked up the stairs ahead of Satomi, she suddenly exclaimed, 

"Hey, where are your bottoms?" 

I lifted up the hem of my t-shirt to show her my bare behind. 

"I'm not wearing any." 

"Emi!  You can't walk around campus like that." 

"Why not?  If I pull the hem down, no one will be able to tell." 

"Stop talking crazy.  Of course you can tell." 

"OK, OK, I'll get dressed.  I just thought it would be fun to try." 

We reached the top of the stairs, and I went along the path a little ways, and then ducked into the trees.  Satomi stopped on the path right next to me, and then almost freaked out as I pulled my t-shirt off again. 

"Emi!  Cut that out!  Someone will see you." 

"A lot of people have already seen me." 

"Nooo, I mean our professors and stuff.  We're almost at the road." 

"Just hang on.  I'm putting on my swimsuit." 

While I got changed, Satomi pulled out a t-shirt too, and pulled it on over her bikini.  She was staring down the path towards the road, but in the end, she opted not to put her jeans back on. 

"You're in a frisky mood." 

"Let's go back to my dorm.  I want to have a shower before I get dressed." 

We walked clear across campus in our t-shirts, and managed to get a few whistles from passing guys.  While we were showering, on the other side of the shower curtains, I heard a couple of guys come into the bathroom.  That was kind of weird, but they went away before we got out, and for once, Satomi didn't even seem to mind. 

Anyway, that's basically what happened.  If you've ever been to a nude beach, write and tell me.  I'd be interested to hear about it. 
