                                  Wish

                     F/F bd ds sm Fsolo nosex cons

(C) 2006 Rachel Gumm.  You may freely distribute this story digitally,
but only in full, crediting me as the author.  Please send feedback
to me at cheapslave@googlemail.com - it makes writing these worthwhile.





Leaning out of the bedroom window, Maria savoured the feel of the
ocean's cool breeze against her skin, offsetting the sun's relentless
heat.  Closing her eyes, she took in a deep breath of fresh sea air,
absorbed in the sound of seagulls and waves crashing against pebbles.
Feeling refreshed, she turned back towards the bedroom.

"Having fun?" She smiled sweetly as she looked down at her helpless
captive, Susan.  She was squirming around on the freshly made bed's
soft duvet for all she was worth, getting herself worked up into a
frenzy again.  Dressed only in a white string bikini that Maria had
picked out for her, she looked hopelessly vulnerable, only a few
gentle tugs away from being completely naked.  The sight of her
alternating between pressing her lightly freckled body against the
bed and writhing around, a pleading look in her eyes, was a potent
aphrodisiac.

Susan's wrists and ankles were encased in cuffs that were joined to
a single short chain behind her back using four padlocks.  The hogtie
forced her to arch her back, as if she was proudly displaying her
body for her lover.  Her luscious lips were wrapped around a bright
pink ball gag held in place by a padlocked head harness.  Her ginger
hair was tied in pigtails, partly because of the harness, and partly
so it didn't get in the way, but mainly because Maria thought it
made her look irresistibly cute.  Small puddles of drool had already
formed on the various parts of the duvet where she had managed to
hold her head up or rest it face-down.

Squinting as she looked up into the harsh sunlight, Susan cried out
a muffled protest, a whine that turned into frustrated sobbing,
drowning out the noise of the waves outside.  Maria felt her labia
tingling with arousal.

Sitting down on the bed next to her helpless captive, Maria took off
her spaghetti top, unzipped her boots and slid off her miniskirt,
leaving only her underwear - a sheer bra, thong, suspenders and
stockings.

Maria lay down on the bed next to Susan, inhaling deeply again, this
time to take in the scent of her lover's arousal.  "You don't mind
me joining you, do you?" Susan let out another half-whine, half-sob.
"It's just you look so tempting like that, you're getting me hot."
Maria started to caress her own body, leaving Susan alone.  She slid
her hands up and down herself until caressing turned into groping,
squeezing her breasts and clasping her crotch.

Maria glanced at her lover.  "Want a hand?" She idly caressed Susan's
body, starting at her navel and ending with the gentle tickling of
a nipple, its outline visible through the tight fitting triangle of
spandex.

Susan nodded frantically, humming loudly through her gag.

"Oh, that's right." Maria switched to Susan's other nipple, gently
caressing it.  "You said you wanted to be tied and teased, didn't
you?  Are you sure I can't change your mind?"

Susan nodded frantically as she squirmed around, awkwardly inching
herself closer to her lover.  She tried to convey how frustrated she
was, but although her muffled whining made her burning desire clear
enough, Maria was still playing dumb.

"I guess not." Maria withdrew her hand.  "After all, you were pretty
specific about me not caving in and untying you no matter how
frustrated you looked.  And you do look pretty frustrated." She
started to caress her own labia, enjoying the sensation.  "I'll just
have some fun by myself then, hon.  Try not to distract me, OK?"

Maria pulled her thong to one side, revealing her freshly trimmed
mons venus as she savoured the feel of the fabric stretching tightly
against her groin.  She licked her finger before plunging it deeply
inside herself, exploring her most intimate region.  She slid her
finger out and in again, slowly building up a steady rhythm.  It was
no use, though - Susan had managed to crawl up to her, and had started
nuzzling her cheek with her own.  Sighing, Maria withdrew her finger,
licked it clean, and slid off the bed.

"I warned you," said Maria sternly.  Susan looked up at her with
puppy-dog eyes and whined pathetically, but it was too late.  The
damage had been done; Maria's flow had been disturbed.  Walking over
to their blanket box, she retrieved a pair of nipple clamps, knowing
how much Susan disliked them.

Susan's eyes widened in horror as she saw Maria approaching her with
the clamps.  She shook her head frantically, humming short bursts
of protest one after the other.

"You should have thought of that before nuzzling up to me." Maria
untied Susan's bikini top, watching it slowly make its way onto the
duvet as Susan writhed around, trying to wriggle away.  She savoured
the sight of her squirming lover for a while, partly to increase
Susan's fear while she put off the inevitable, but mainly because
she was getting her arousal back, watching her lover's breasts swaying
back and forth.

Finally tired of watching her lover squirming, Maria applied the
clamps.  She carefully pinched a nipple before gently releasing her
grip on the clamp, then repeated the process, watching each clamp
fasten around her lover's naked, helpless areolae.  Susan practically
screamed into her gag.  Maria had never seen her so alive.  She
playfully tugged at the chain connecting the two clamps before letting
it fall onto her lover's chest.

"If you can calm down long enough to let me pleausre myself in peace,
I'll take those nipple clamps off you once I've finished." Maria
watched her lover control herself with great effort, her breathing
gradually slowing down until her breasts were proudly thrust forwards
with each deep breath.  "That's better." Maria affectionately cupped
one of Susan's breasts in her hand, and when she finally withdrew
it, Susan only let out a faint whimper.

This time, Maria wasn't interrupted.  She slowly built her rhythm
back up, taking her time.  Looking at her helpless captive for
inspiration, she started to rub her clit.  She moved her finger
slowly at first, in gentle little strokes, soon building up her pace
until her hand was a blur, and her breathing became short and erratic.
Finally, she reached a loud and satisfying orgasm.

After lying down contentedly for a minute, Maria jumped back off the
bed and put her clothes back on before turning around to glance down
once more at her lover.  She firmly groped Susan's breasts with both
hands, savouring their feel before gently releasing her nipples from
the clamps.  Susan briefly gasped in pain, or perhaps intense relief.

"I'm going to watch TV for a bit now, hon." Maria strolled across
the room to the door.

Susan squirmed around frantically, making desperate muffled protests
as she tried to turn around and face her lover.

"Oh, you want to have some fun too?" asked Maria innocently.  Susan
nodded.  Maria put the clamps back in the blanket box, and after a
bit of rummaging around, walked back over to her captive.  "Here you
go." She threw one of Susan's vibrators onto the bed next to her.
"If you try hard enough, you might even manage to use it for a while
before I come back in half an hour or so."

Susan tried to protest again, but she squirmed towards the vibrator,
showing Maria what she really wanted.

"Actually, make that about an hour," decided Maria.  She ignored her
lover's pleading moans as she strolled out of the room.
