T03 Riding Double {Titmouse} (mmf,teens,reluc)
----------------------------------------------
WARNING NOTICE: 
 
   The following story is erotic fiction and includes 
descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are a minor or
if such things may offend you, quit reading now.
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
.                                                        . 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

                     Riding Double

                      by Titmouse
             (C)1997, All Rights Reserved


	"Get her hands, Mike!" Ken said, and grabbed Patty's 
ankles. 
	"What are you doing?" she cried, and kicked her feet. 
 Ken got one ankle, and while he was trying for the 
other and dodging Patty's free foot, I grabbed her arm 
on the opposite side.  She tried to hit me, so I scooted 
behind her.  I got both my arms locked around hers and 
held her that way.  Ken climbed up her legs and sat on 
them. 
	"Don't do this, Ken," Patty said.  "I'll never 
forgive you." She turned to me.  "And I'm surprised at 
you, Mike.  This is nothing but rape." 
	"Oh, come on, Patty," I said.  "You know you don't
mean it.  You screwed the whole club last week!" 
	"And Eric had to go and open his big mouth!" 
	"That was because he was the only one who didn't get 
to," Ken said.  "He was just mad." 
	"I don't care," Patty said.  "I told you it would 
never happen again if somebody told, and I meant it.  
You should have kept him shut up." 
	"We tried, Patty," I told her.  "And we've all voted 
to throw him out because he talked." 
	"I don't care what happened," she said.  "All I know 
is that the word is out, and that's a big, big pain.  So 
you guys had your shot.  That's all there is.  That's 
all there ever will be." 
	Ken didn't say anything.  He just reached out and 
grabbed her tit. 
	"Goddamn it, Ken, stop it!" Patty cried.  "Get your 
hands off me and keep them off." 
	Ken ignored her and went on feeling her breast.  
"Shut up, Patty.  There are two of us and only one of 
you.  You can yell your head off and nobody will hear 
you here.  If you try to get us in trouble, there's four 
guys who will swear you screwed us one after the other 
last Wednesday at the clubhouse, and it would be the 
truth.  We've already decided we're gonna do it, so you 
might as well relax and enjoy it." 
	He put a hand on the other breast, squeezing and 
kneading them both.  Patty whimpered, but didn't say 
anything. 
	Ken reached up and unfastened the top button of 
Patty's blouse.  "No," she said, but it carried no 
conviction.  Ken undid another button, and then another. 
Patty's heaving chest gave me glimpses of her 
bra-encased tits as the blouse came undone.  When Ken 
finished the buttons, the blouse hung half open.  
Patty's heavy breasts showed in middle. 
	Ken pushed the blouse away to either side of her 
mounds.  The white bra covered most of her tits, but it 
was still sexy.  Ken put his hands back on her breasts 
again, cupping and stroking them.  "Hold her," he said, 
and reached around Patty's back, under her blouse. 
	He got his hands on the bra clasp but couldn't loosen 
it. Patty threw herself back against me, forcing her 
back against my chest and giving Ken no room to work on 
the tricky catch. 
	"All right," he said.  He pulled his hands out and 
grabbed the bra with both hands.  He jerked down on the 
material and it tore down to the heavier bottom seam.  
He changed his grip, yanked it again, and the last seam 
parted. 
	"Oh, goddamn it, Ken.  You ruined my bra!" Patty 
cried. 
	"Don't make me tear anything else, then," Ken said.  
He pulled the two halves of the bra aside, revealing her 
splendid tits. 
	Patty was pretty enough, but her tits were her best 
feature. There was a line across them from her summer at 
the beach, but it was not sharp, and it was clear she 
had spent at least part of the time sunbathing topless. 
Ken cupped them in his hands and ran his palms over her 
nipples.  I saw them stiffen.  Like it or not, he was 
getting to Patty. 
	Ken dipped his head and kissed first one, then the 
other of the tits.  He sucked at the nipples, leaving 
them wet and distended. 
	He moved his hands to the button of her cutoff jeans. 
 Patty tried to jerk away from him, but Ken had her legs 
pinned and I had her arms, so there was nothing she 
could do.  Ken got the button unfastened and pulled down 
the zipper.  Sliding backward on her legs, he put his 
hands on either side of her shorts and pulled them down. 
At first, Patty struggled, but then she realized her 
twisting and turning was only helping Ken.  She locked 
her ankles instead. 
	"Patty," said Ken, reasonably, "don't be so 
difficult.  You know we're going to fuck you.  You know 
you're going to like it. So what are we fighting about?" 
	Patty said nothing.  Ken slipped down her legs until 
he was sitting on her ankles.  "When I get her legs 
apart, stick a foot between them," he told me, grabbed 
her legs and slipped off her. 
	Patty started to fuss again, but between the two of 
us we managed it, although we flopped around quite a bit 
first.  Ken managed to pin one foot and then used both 
hands to pry her other foot away from it.  I got a foot 
between Patty's thighs, which held long enough for Ken 
to get a knee between her legs, facing her feet.  He 
tugged at feet and shorts until he finally got one foot 
free of them, which was all that mattered.  From that 
point, he turned around again and used his greater 
weight and strength to force his torso between Patty's 
legs. 
	Ken put his hand on her cunt.  He rubbed his middle 
finger along it for a while, then bent the knuckle and 
pushed the fingertip into her cunt. 
	"Who do you think you're kidding?" he told Patty.  
"Your cunt's sopping wet.  You're all heated up, aren't 
you?"  Patty didn't say anything, but the ease with 
which Ken worked his finger into her was answer enough. 
	I was sitting behind Patty, holding her arms, with my 
legs stretched forward around her, my back against the 
sofa.  I could see Ken's middle finger pumping in and 
out of Patty's cunt.  The dark lips stretched outward 
when he pulled his finger back, as if reluctant to let 
it go. 
	With his middle finger buried in her cunt, Ken put 
his thumb just inside the top of Patty's slot, in the 
little pocket of skin where the lips joined.  He rubbed 
his thumb around in little circles.  Sometimes he rubbed 
up and down.  Then he would return to plunging his 
finger in and out of her pussy. 
	Patty's breath was coming faster now.  She was making 
little whimpering sounds.  Sometimes her whole body 
jerked when Ken's thumb ran across the lump of her love 
bump.  Ken pulled his finger out of her pussy, put his 
first finger next to it, and pushed them both into 
Patty.  She gave the smallest little hump of a push 
back, as if she'd started to respond, caught herself, 
and stopped. 
	Ken ran his two fingers in and out of Patty's cunt.  
He looked up at me.  "Grab hold of her tits, Mike," he 
invited. "Keep your arms around her, though." 
	It was true that Patty hadn't fought against the grip 
I had on her arms for some time.  I pulled one arm free 
and wrapped it around her, then the other.  I slid my 
hands to her tits.  Patty moved to one side, but then 
she pressed back into my hands, lightly but definitely. 
	"Hang on a second," Ken said.  He raised to his knees 
between her legs, keeping his fingers in Patty's pussy, 
and used his other hand to unfasten his own shorts.  He 
worked them over his hips, the one hand alternating 
sides and back, pushing his undershorts down at the same 
time.  His cock popped into view. 
	It was bigger than mine, but not much, I was glad to 
note. It stood out from his dark brown crotch hair at 
full thrust.  Ken got his shorts down as far as his 
knees and quit. 
	He took his dick in his hand.  "See what I've got for 
you, Patty?  You know you like it.  It's a big, fat 
cock, Patty, and it's just for you.  I'm going to stick 
it in your pussy in just a minute.  I'm going to fuck 
you, and then Mike's going to fuck you.  And then maybe 
we'll both fuck you again." 
	Patty looked up at Ken's looming cock.  I was more 
sprawled back than sitting, against the sofa front.  
With my hands on her tits, I had pulled Patty back with 
me so that we both were about half-reclined. 
	"I'm going to put it in you now, Patty, and you're 
going to love it, just like you did last week.  You know 
your pussy's hungry for it.  It's all wet and slick 
around my fingers."  Ken pulled the fingers out and 
thrust them toward her face.  "See," he said.  He held 
them up to his nose, sniffed, and then wiped the wetness 
on Patty's cheeks, once on either side. 
	Grabbing a cushion from the sofa, Ken shoved it under 
Patty's ass.  She raised up for it.  He pushed her knees 
up and out, turning her pussy up.  Leaning forward, he 
grabbed his cock with one hand and poked it at her hole. 
Patty was no longer fighting. Her legs stayed wide open 
to Ken's approach, even though his hands were no longer 
holding them. 
	The head of Ken's prick disappeared into her.  Patty 
gave a soft grunt and arched toward it, stuffing another 
half inch into her love tube.  Ken let go of his cock 
and, supporting his weight with both hands, slowly sank 
his cock into her. 
	Our three heads were almost together.  I could see 
down over Patty's shoulder, between her tits to her 
dark-haired pussy and the shaft of Ken's cock sticking 
out of it.  I watched Ken push in and out of her snatch 
several times.  His prick came out slick and shiny with 
her cunt juice. 
	Patty was fucking Ken back now.  My hands were still 
on her tits, cupping, lifting, squeezing and pinching 
her hard little nipples in my fingertips.  She hunched 
upward to meet Ken's cock thrusts, offering her cunt to 
him, holding her legs wide so that he could push in as 
deep as possible. 
	"Damn that feels good, Patty," Ken said.  "It's the 
best feeling in the world, don't you think?  Feel my 
cock slip into your pussy.  I'm fucking you, just like I 
said I would.  And you like it, just like I said you 
would." 
	He fucked her rapidly for a while.  Patty put her 
arms around him and fucked back at his penetrating cock, 
shoving her hips forward to meet his strokes, drawing 
back, and shoving her cunt at him again. 
	"You like it, don't you, Patty?" Ken insisted.  
"Don't you?" 
	"Yes," she said. 
	"What do you like?"  Patty didn't answer.  "Tell me 
or I stop.  Tell me you like to fuck."  Ken stopped 
shoving his fat dick into her eager pussy. 
	"I like to fuck," Patty choked.  Ken pushed back into 
her. 
	"Tell me you like to feel my cock in your pussy." 
	"I like it," Patty said, pushing up to get more of 
Ken's prick.  "I like it when you stick your cock in my 
pussy.  I like it when you push it way in and let me 
twist around on it." 
	She lifted her legs around him, locking her ankles 
and using her legs to help Ken's thrusts.  She pulled 
him toward her with her legs, her heels digging into his 
ass to urge him forward. 
	"That's right, baby," Ken said.  "Fuck me back." 
	He looked up at me.  "It's going to be your turn 
soon," he said.  "Why don't you get your clothes off.  
Patty isn't going anywhere." 
	I took my hands off her tits, and Ken put his arms 
around her back, pulling Patty toward him while I worked 
my way out from behind her and stood up.  While I was 
taking off shoes, shirt and pants, Ken pulled out of 
Patty's cunt and turned her around so that the top half 
of her body was lying on the sofa seat, with her ass 
pointing out into the room.  I could see her pussy from 
behind, red and wet. 
	"Come on, Mike," Ken said, as I tugged off my 
undershorts. "Patty's waiting for you.  She wants you to 
come over here and stick your prick in her pussy."  He 
pushed at her legs, making her spread them and 
displaying her cunt.  He shoved a finger into her cunt. 
"She's nice and wet," Ken said.  "Patty likes to fuck, 
and she wants it now.  Don't you, Patty?" 
	She didn't answer, although she rolled her hips 
around the finger Ken had buried in her cunt.  Ken 
pushed his finger in a deep as he could and waggled in 
around in Patty's pussy.  "You want Mike to fuck you, 
don't you?" 
	"Y..yes," Patty gasped.  Ken's finger was down lower, 
rubbing around her clit. 
	"Ask Mike to fuck you, Patty," Ken said. 
	"Oh, Ken," she protested. 
	"Ask him," Ken commanded.  "Say 'Please fuck me, 
Mike.'"  I went over to them, naked, and knelt behind 
Patty about a foot away. 
	"Please fuck me, Mike," Patty whispered. 
	"Louder." 
	"Please fuck me, Mike," Patty said. 
	"That's a good girl," Ken said.  "Go ahead, Mike, put 
it in her."  He pulled his hand out of Patty's pussy and 
put it on her back, not holding her, but stroking it. 
	I crawled up closer, cock in hand, and pushed against 
her. It took me several tries to find the spot, but when 
I did my prick slid right in.  Ken was right.  Patty was 
slick and wet and ready to be fucked again. 
	I started hunching my cock into Patty from behind, 
slapping my belly against her buttocks hard enough to 
make them quiver. Ken had moved his hand from Patty's 
back to her face, and she sucked on his finger, the same 
finger that had been in her cunt a moment before. 
	Ken took Patty by the shoulders and turned her toward 
him, pulling her off the sofa and onto his lap.  Her 
face wound up only inches from his cock, which stuck up 
into the air since he had not cum.  I stayed inside 
Patty as she turned, holding her by the hips to pull her 
back onto my prick. 
	"Watch this, Mike," Ken said.  "Come on, Patty, suck 
it for me.  Take my cock into your mouth.  Suck my 
dick." 
	I'd heard of cocksucking, but I'd never seen it.  
While I pumped into her from behind, Patty reached up a 
hand to Ken's prick and grasped it by the base.  She 
stretched her head forward and stuck it into her mouth. 
It felt good just to watch it happen.  Ken rolled his 
eyes at me. 
	Patty started to raise and lower her head, her mouth 
sliding up and down Ken's prick.  Meanwhile, I was 
pushing mine in and out of her cunt.  She rolled her 
hips around and around on it, sometimes pushing back and 
forth to fuck along with me. 
	Ken laid back on his elbows and let Patty work on his 
cock. She seemed to enjoy it.  She licked it; she sucked 
hard on the top of it, hollowing her cheeks,  She pumped 
her head up and down on it, sometimes hard and fast, 
sometimes slowly, teasingly, lasciviously. 
	"You're doing a good job, Patty," Ken told her.  "I 
like the way your mouth wraps around my cock.  Use your 
tongue more. That's it.  That's it.  Oh, keep it up, 
baby.  You're going to make me cum." 
	Patty hesitated.  "Don't stop, baby," Ken said.  "I'm 
going to cum in your mouth.  You'll like it, too."  He 
fucked his cock up into Patty's passive mouth, shoving 
it in and pulling it out. 
	"Put your hand up higher," he said.  "Put it up next 
to your mouth and squeeze on me as my prick goes into 
your mouth."  Ken took her right hand and guided it up 
to his cock.  He wrapped her fingers around it, covering 
her hand with his to show her what he wanted. 
	Patty seemed to get the idea.  Ken lay back on his 
elbows again, and concentrated on pushing his prick in 
and out of her mouth.  I was fucking Patty's cunt while 
this was going on, but my attention was really on the 
blowjob she was giving Ken.  Was she really going to let 
him cum in her mouth? 
	It wasn't long before I had my answer.  Ken gritted 
his teeth and clenched his eyes, and pumped into her 
mouth a little faster. 
	"Oh yes, honey!" he said, "I'm gonna cum.  I'm gonna 
cum right now."  His body started jerking and twitching. 
He shoved his hips forward, forcing his dick deep in 
her mouth. 
	Patty made a strange noise, a gulping, gobbling sound 
and pulled her head back off Ken's cock just in time to 
catch a load of cum right in her face.  Ken quickly put 
his hand behind her head and pulled her back down onto 
his prick.  Patty came back willingly, as if she'd only 
been caught by surprise, and resumed sucking on the 
still-spurting prick.  I could hear her swallow again, 
but more spilled out of her mouth around Ken's cock and 
joined the cum dripping down her face.  Patty sucked on 
the head of the prick and jacked it off into her mouth. 
	Watching Ken cum in Patty's mouth was the sexiest 
thing I had ever seen.  It turned me on as much as the 
sensation coming from my own cock that was pushing in 
and out of Patty's cunt. The combination got to me, and 
I could sense that I was going to cum, too. 
	Patty sensed it, too, and concentrated on fucking me 
back, holding onto Ken's prick and giving it an 
occasional kiss.  But now most of her attention was on 
me and the cock that I was shoving into her.  She 
hunched back at me, wanting it as much as I did. 
	" You cum, too, Mike," Patty said.  "Shoot your cum 
in my pussy.  I want you to cum in me.  I want to feel 
you do it." 
	"Let Mike cum in your mouth, too, Patty," Ken said.  
"Do it to him."  He pulled her forward, off my cock, and 
then pushed her head toward me.  "Go ahead," he said.  
"Blow him." 
	Ken looked at me, kneeling with cock sticking out 
into nothing.  "Sit up on the couch, Mike.  Let her 
mouth-fuck you. It's great, and Patty does it real 
good." 
	Patty crawled up onto my knees, her breasts pressing 
into my thighs, which felt pretty good already.  Her 
face had streaks of Ken's cum running down it.  She took 
my cock in both hands, one above the other, and jacked 
them up and down in the slickness of her own pussy 
juice.  That felt good, too.  Then she kissed the end 
and pushed her mouth down over the head of my cock.  She 
pulled away her top hand and took my prick deep into her 
throat until the tip pressed against the back of her 
throat. 
	She moved her head up and down slowly, rolling my 
cock in her mouth and wetting it with her tongue.  She 
moved her hand up next to her mouth and made a tunnel 
through which my cock had to slip before it plunged into 
the warm wetness of her active mouth. 
	It felt entirely different than fucking her cunt.  It 
was warm and slippery, but that was about all that was 
the same.  My cock pushed through Patty's squeezing 
fingers that slid down to the base of my cock with each 
inward stroke, stimulating the thick stem that her lips 
could not reach.  The head emerged from her hand and 
forced its way through the tight ring of Patty's lips, 
which pressed at my prick as I slid into and out of her 
mouth.  Inside, her tongue was lively, rubbing the 
underside of my cock and moving it around in her mouth. 
Her cunt, though it could grip my cock, could not suck 
on it, twist around it, kiss and lick and nibble on it 
like Patty's mouth did.  And it couldn't drink my cum 
and swallow it. 
	"That's right, Patty, make him cum," Ken said.  "Make 
him shoot his cum in your mouth." 
	She was going to do just that.  As she had with Ken, 
she held only the head of my prick in her mouth, sucking 
on it, and pumped her hand up and down on my cock, 
jacking me off into her mouth. Her fingers flew up and 
down the shaft, squeezing it, urging it, tickling it.  I 
felt the cum dash up from my balls. 
	Patty knew what to expect this time, and didn't lose 
a drop. My cum boiled out of my prick and shot into her 
mouth.  She swallowed and kept jacking me off, twisting 
around on the head of my cock and rubbing her rough 
tongue against the underside.  I shot into her several 
times again, and she took it all, urged me to cum more 
with her mouth and hands, sucked at my cock and pushed 
it as deep into her mouth as possible, swallowed my cum 
and pulled at me for the last jets of it. 
	Patty hadn't cum and was still horny.  When she let 
go of my now limp cock, she grabbed Ken's.  He let her 
fondle it, laying beside her, kissing her, holding her 
up against him so that her large, soft tits pressed 
against his naked chest.  He slipped a finger into her 
pussy and pushed it in and out of Patty's cunt. 
	She fucked her pussy up onto his finger, humping at 
his hand and forcing his finger deep inside her.  Ken 
pressed his hand forward, getting it in deep, and 
waggled in inside her pussy. 
	After a while of this, he rolled Patty onto her back 
and slid down her body.  Ken pushed her knees wider 
apart, and stuck his head between her legs.  He put his 
mouth right on her pussy, sticking his tongue into her. 
Patty moaned and grabbed his head with her hands, 
holding him against her. 
	Ken licked his tongue along her cunt, plowing between 
the lips that glistened wetly with his saliva and her 
pussy juice. He put the tip of his tongue on her clit 
and lashed it back and forth.  His mouth closed over her 
cunt, but, from the way Patty whipped her head back and 
forth, it was clear that his tongue was still hard at 
work on her clit.  Patty was moaning almost 
continuously, shuddering under Ken's probing, licking 
tongue, and breathing hard and fast.  I thought she was 
going to cum, but Ken pulled his head back. 
	"Oh, please," she said, "don't stop!" 
	"What?" he asked, acting surprised.  "Do you want 
something?" 
	"You know I do," Patty said.  "Don't tease me." 
	"What do you want, Patty?"  Ken asked. 
	"I want to cum," she said softly.  Ken cocked his 
head as if to hear better.  "What?" 
	"I want to cum," Patty repeated, louder.  "Please 
make me cum, Ken." 
	"Could you cum if I fucked you, Patty?" he asked her. 
She nodded her head.  "Do you want me to fuck you?"  
She nodded her head again, stronger.  "Then you'll have 
to ask me for it," he told her. 
	Patty was playing with herself in desperation.  She 
pushed her middle finger into her pussy, wiggled it 
around inside herself, and then pulled it out, wet with 
her own sex fluids. She put one long-nailed finger on 
her clit, and rolled it around and around. 
	"Please," Patty said. 
	"Please what?" 
	"Please fuck me." 
	"You want me to put my cock in your pussy?" Ken 
asked.  When Patty wagged her head again, he said 
"You'll have to ask me." 
	"Please put your cock in my pussy, Ken," Patty 
wailed. "Please fuck me.  Put it in me, please.  Please. 
I want your cock.  I need someone to fuck me.  I'm so 
hot and horny.  I want to cum.  Fuck me, Ken, or you, 
Mike.  Fuck me and make me cum." 
	I was all for it.  If Ken wouldn't, I was willing.  
Patty's glistening cunt seemed to call to me. 
	"Will you do anything I tell you?" Ken asked her. 
	"Yes!" Patty cried. 
	"Will you let me stick my cock into you any place I 
want to?" 
	"Yes!" Patty cried. 
	"Will you let Mike do anything he wants to?  Will you 
let him poke his cock into you?" 
	"Yes," she cried, "I'll do it.  Just please fuck me. 
Please fuck me now.  Don't make me beg any more.  
Somebody put their cock in me and fuck me and make me 
cum." 
	"OK," said Ken, looking at me, "we're both going to 
fuck her, at the same time." 
	I wasn't sure what he meant.  Hadn't we already 
fucked Patty at the same time-- Ken in her mouth and me 
in her cunt?  But Ken's ideas had been good so far, so I 
was happy to go along. 
	"Come over here, Patty," he said.  "Climb on top of 
me and put your cunt on my prick."  He laid back on the 
floor, pulling Patty by her arms. 
	She moved up over him, straddling his legs and 
walking on hands and knees up along Ken's body.  He 
pulled her face to his and kissed her.  Their mouths 
were open, and I could seem them licking at each other 
with their tongues. 
	Ken reached down with one hand and grabbed his prick. 
He held it in Patty's crack and pumped up and down, 
rubbing his cock along her pussy and up between her 
asscheeks.  Patty squirmed against his cock, pushing 
back against it. 
	Lowering the head of his prick, Ken fed it into 
Patty's cunt. His cock had dried, so it didn't go in her 
easily.  He got the head lodged within her pussy lips, 
and slowly fucked it up into Patty's hole.  He made 
little short shoves up into her, while Patty rolled her 
hips around, working his cock in circles, lubricating 
it, pushing herself down onto Ken's cock as her pussy 
juice coated it and let it slip deeper in. 
	At last, he got it all in her.  Patty crouched over 
Ken's body, hunching her hips to drive his cock as deep 
as possible. Then she started lifting her hips, sliding 
the tube of her cunt up and down his long cock, dancing 
on his pole. 
	"OK, Mike," Ken said.  "Now, you stick your cock up 
her ass." 
	"Oh, no," Patty cried.  "Don't let him do that to me. 
Please don't!  I can't let him put his prick in my ass. 
It's too small to take a cock.  Let me blow him, 
instead.  Come on up here, Mike, and let me blow you." 
	I didn't want her to blow me.  I'd never thought of 
sticking my cock up a girl's ass, but as soon as Ken 
said it, I knew that was what I wanted to do.  Patty's 
ass was pointed right at me, and Ken's hands were 
pulling her asscheeks apart, showing me her asshole.  It 
twitched, winking at me, as Patty thought about taking a 
prick up her ass and shuddered. 
	"You're gonna do it, Patty." Ken said.  "I won't let 
you break your promise.   You said Mike could fuck you 
anywhere he wanted.  Do you want to fuck her in the ass, 
Mike?" 
	"I'm gonna fuck her in the ass whether she wants me 
to or not," I answered. 
	"Go get the Vaseline in the bathroom," Ken told me.  
"You'll need some grease." 
	I went to get it and came back quickly.  Ken was 
whispering in Patty's ear, crooning to her, and steadily 
feeding her his cock, pushing it up into her pussy, 
holding her by the ass and working her hips back and 
forth on his prick. 
	"You'll like it, Patty, really you will," Ken was 
telling her.  "It'll hurt a little at first, but I'll 
make him go slow until you get used to it.  Then you'll 
see.  It'll start to feel good like nothing else does.  
It will feel real sexy.  And I'll be fucking you in the 
cunt at the same time.  Mike will have his cock in your 
ass and I'll have mine in your pussy, and the two pricks 
will drive you absolutely wild.  And you'll cum, Patty, 
you'll cum like you never have before." 
	I was kneeling there beside them, Vaseline in hand, 
uncertain of what to do. 
	"Grease her asshole, Mike," Ken told me.  "Get it on 
your finger and work it up into her ass.  Use a lot of 
it and work it all round in there.  Don't be afraid to 
poke your finger in her. It'll loosen her up and make it 
easier on her when you stick your cock in." 
	Ken continued to pork his thick cock into Patty's 
pussy.  He was doing all the moving, holding her still. 
I took a gob of Vaseline on my finger and put it on 
Patty's asshole.  It twitched away from me, but I put my 
finger on the puckering ring again and pushed gently, 
then a little harder.  I couldn't get my finger in.  Her 
asshole was too tight. 
	"Relax, Patty," Ken said.  "It'll be a lot better if 
you relax your asshole and let him in.  His finger is 
nothing.  Wait until Mike puts his cock in there." 
	I could feel her let go.  The tight ring relaxed a 
little, and although it was still tight around my 
finger, I was able to push it into her a little.  I 
rotated my finger in Patty's ass, pushing at the sides 
to open her up. 
	I took my finger out and got another gob of Vaseline. 
I smeared it all around the little ring, poking my 
finger into her asshole to push more into her.  
Stiffening my finger, I pushed it past her ass muscle 
and up into her clinging ass tube.  I kept pushing and 
working my finger around and back and forth until it was 
buried all the way in her asshole.  I stirred it around 
in there. 
	Patty didn't seem to mind.  Now that my finger 
slipped easily into her, she was moving again.  She 
hunched forward onto Ken's cock, but each time she drew 
back she forced my finger up into her asshole.  Soon, 
she was pushing equally hard in both directions, down 
onto Ken's prick and back up on my finger, driving it 
into her ass. 
	"Now," Ken said, "Put Vaseline on your cock.  Get it 
all over, all the way down the shaft.  And then stick it 
in her. I'll hold her for you." 
	I did as Ken told me, getting a lot of Vaseline on my 
fingers and then smearing it all over my prick.  I 
worked it around and then jacked myself off, covering 
the entire length of it with a slick film. 
	Ken spread his legs, forcing Patty's knees, which 
straddled him, still wider.  I walked on my knees up 
between Ken's legs, my cock still in hand, until it was 
within striking range of her asshole. 
	Patty lay still while Ken fucked up into her.  He 
held her asscheeks apart as I got near.  I put the head 
of my cock on Patty's asshole and pushed forward. 
	"Oh, no," she said, "it's too big!"  She tried to get 
away, but there was nowhere to go, only my cock behind 
her, ready to penetrate her from the back, and Ken's 
impaling cock already inside her from the front. 
	"Don't fight it," Ken told her.  "Push out with your 
ass, like you're going to shit." 
	I pushed forward again and gained a little hold in 
her asshole.  Patty tried to get away, but she was 
already pushed up against Ken as far as possible.  I 
felt her asshole begin to yield to my cockhead.  I kept 
the pressure on, felt my cock slipping gradually into 
Patty's tight back hole.  Then, with a little pop, I 
pushed through the clenching ring that guarded her 
asstube and felt it grip tightly around the shaft of my 
prick. 
	"Oh, Jesus, it hurts!" Patty cried.  "Please, don't 
put it in any farther.  That's all I can take.  It hurts 
too much." 
	I didn't want to hurt her, I just wanted to fuck her 
ass. But the incredible feeling from the head of my 
cock, poked within her asshole and gripped by her 
twitching ass muscle, was impossible to give up. 
	I put just the slightest pressure forward into 
Patty's ass, moving into her very slowly.  Now that the 
bigger head of my prick was in her, there was less 
resistance to my slow penetration.  Gradually, I probed 
deeper into her asshole, pushing my way into her butt. 
	"Go slow, Mike, please," Patty begged, although I was 
going as slow as I could.  "It's not so bad, now.  I can 
stand it if you go slow." 
	I was halfway into her.  Her ass ring was clenched 
tightly around the shaft of my cock, pale with the 
stretching I was giving it.  I pulled my hips back, 
drawing it out to the head, and pushed forward again, 
back as far as I had been and then deeper.  I slid into 
her more easily, although her ass was still tighter and 
more resisting that her pussy had been. 
	"It's so fucking big," Patty begged, part complaint 
and part wonder.  "It feels so big going in my ass.  
It's like a pole shoved up into me.  But it doesn't hurt 
very much." 
	I pulled back a little and shoved the last two inches 
into her asshole.  I buried myself to the hilt in her, 
the hair around the root of my cock tickling the 
tightly-stretched skin around Patty's asshole. 
	"Ohmigod!  Don't move," Patty whimpered.  "It's too 
big.  I can't take it.  Just let me lie here a minute." 
	I held still for a few moments, content to feel the 
clenching pressure of her asstube gripping the prick I 
had shoved all the way up her butt.  Then I began to 
pull back and slide forward, working my cock slowly in 
and out of her asshole.  The insides yielded to the 
incoming cock reluctantly, spreading gradually with each 
thrust to let my prick inside.  When I pulled it out for 
another shove up her asshole, the tight flesh ring clung 
to my cock and was pulled out away from her body, as if 
it didn't want to let me go. 
	Patty was soon more comfortable.  Ken began to pump 
his cock into her cunt again, both of us in the same 
rhythm, in and out, in and out of her cunt and ass at 
the same time. 
	"That's a lot better now," she admitted.  "It feels 
good now. I can feel you both inside me.  It almost 
kills me when you both push up into me at the same 
time." 
	Ken and I fucked her vigorously to show her that we 
liked it, too.  I could feel my cock sliding along 
Ken's, separated only by the flesh wall of Patty's cunt 
and asstube. 
	"Yes," Patty said.  "That feels wonderful.  I never 
thought it would feel so good.  Oh, fuck your cocks into 
me.  Shove them in hard.  I want to cum, now.  Fuck me 
hard and make me cum. Please." 
	Ken and I set up a steady, pounding rhythm, pushing 
our way into Patty.  She hung between us, twitching back 
and forth, while we shoved our pricks into her hard and 
fast.  Each time I pushed forward, I slapped against her 
asscheeks with my stomach and felt my balls swing 
forward and brush Ken's naked cock outside her body.  
Patty got more excited with each stroke. 
	"Oooh, that's it.  Fuck me," she said.  "I want to 
cum.  I need to cum really bad.  You can make me cum.  
Just fuck me, both of you.  Shove your cocks into me." 
	Patty hunched down tightly over Ken.  I pushed up 
behind her, sinking my cock into her ass.  With a cry, 
Patty started  to cum.  She jerked and bucked between 
us. 
	That's it, she said  "Fuck me good.  I'm almost 
cumming.  Fuck me hard.  Drive your cock into my pussy 
and my ass." 
	We shoved into her, and Patty started to cum. 
	"Oh, Jeez!" she cried.  "Oh, Jesus God, it feels 
good.  I'm cumming.  I'm cumming.  It's incredible." 
	She jerked and twitched between us, crying with 
passion and squeezing my cock with her ass muscle.  I 
could feel that I was going to cum, too.  I slammed my 
prick in and out of Patty's ass, shoving it deep into 
her and then pulling it back out again. 
	Ken's face twisted into a look of pain and he started 
cumming into Patty's cunt. 
	"Oh, that's it, baby," Patty said, still twitching 
with the aftershocks of her cum.  "Come in me.  Shoot it 
in me.  Fuck it out."  She shook her hips around on his 
prick. 
	I could feel Ken's cock jerking inside her cunt, 
spurting his juice into her.  It set me off, too.  Patty 
felt the change and pushed back against me, shoving my 
cock deep into her asshole. 
	"Yes, Mike, you cum, too.  Cum in my ass.  Give it to 
me, honey." 
	I gave it to her.  I pounded my prick into her 
asshole and shot off.  My cum blasted out of my cock and 
into her wildly pumping ass.  It filled up her ass and 
pushed out around the sides of my prick.  My knees 
buckled and I fell to the side, yanking my still leaking 
cock out of her asshole.  Cum dripped out of it, falling 
onto Ken's crotch and the floor.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
End of 'Riding Double' by Titmouse.  
Story 03

Author's Note:

This story is pure fantasy, but it had its genesis in a story
told to me by my younger brother.  There was a girl who was
available to several boys, including my brother and her brother,
but not me, unfortunately.  I always resented that he got laid 
before I did.

                          ---
I welcome your comments but hate spam.  Send messages to
NiteSweats@aol.com and put 'Titmouse' somewhere in the subject line.
Anything else will be deleted automatically.
