Chapter 4

Over the next three weeks much happened to help Hideki get his school ready. The children coming would enjoy the way the school was built back into a mountain. It was not Johns mountain, but one at the other side of the island. There had been two volcanoes here and that was why such a wide long island. The flow toward each other carried the landmass out to each side.

The inside of the palace that was the school had old fashion Japanese construction and carvings. Personal rooms were not large, but they were very nicely done with beautiful furniture and silk pillows. There were new tatami mats in each room and a good study table as well. The old system had oil lamps, but now there were electric lights of the LCD type that could be turned high or very low. Each room had a closet and a bathroom of its own. There was a full length mirror so when dressing they could see the full effect. 

Each child had clothing that was proper for its station in life now. This had changed and it would cause some confusion for a time. The rules were printed and each child who could read would have a copy. In these there was no forgiveness. If you broke the rule you paid the price required. Those were also printed right below the law. Dress was the old system not used for many years now. But it clearly showed who was the ruling class.

Hideki had hired six ladies who had teachers training to help with the education here. They had been training now for the last month. He had been careful who he hired and vetted them well. Once they got into the book scrolls there were all shocked and then excited. This was many answers to question some had held for years now. 

Each had a classroom and subjects to teach each level of student. Hideki took the class on morals and the law. He had given the Emperor a copy of the islands law book written in their language. It had so struck him, he decided to make it law there as well. The laws were simple and easily understood. Almost anyone could serve as judge using these laws and be right with their decision. The simple question was did they break the law or not? 

The home defense force Hideki knew was now being built up and the navy was training full crews to keep their vessels at sea. You did 30 days at sea and 30 days at home training. The harbors and islands were better protected now than ever before. Only Tokyo was an open port for trading. All other islands were closed to non-citizens. Aircraft coming to Japan had to land in Tokyo and would be shot down on any other island. Hard times called for hard decisions. They wanted no foreign nationals in country any longer. 

Their air force was ready to defend the islands and flew just a few flights each week to keep in shape. They used ground based trainers to assure the pilots knew what they were doing and did it well. Of ten these were linked to the islands trainers and a war game was run. It kept both sides sharp.

Hideki was pleased to see John walking around and looking at his school. Well I am glad to see you came to check this out.

This is no check out Hideki. I simply heard so much about how beautiful this school was I had to see it.

He was shown around and then taken to Hidekis office. We have the first children coming in today. Our final count was one hundred and seventy six. One large airliner is bring them all in this afternoon. My teachers and I have been making sure everything is set and ready.

What are the ages of this group?

They are five to sixteen and most are below twelve. The childs school scores will be placed online each week and that way parents can follow progress. We have a satellite link between Japan and our computer system here. They have a single computer to hook into and we directly control it. It is not connected to the rest of the system for the islands. Our islands system is a cloud computing system. No programs are on the peoples computers or information stored there. That is all stored on the central computers database. It is a much safer system to protect us from inside or outside attacks.

John had been involved with that decision and knew the story well. But he did not bust Hidekis bubble. Our military is hooked into none of those systems. It runs its own system and people cannot possible get access. That is the one my hoe is hooked into and our e-mail server. Our e-mail server is a cloud server and much like the old Google mail system. But we scan every item going through the entry port or leaving it. Junk, Trojans, Viruses and the likes are killed at once. But if one did get through there is no place for it to infect, as the machines have no hard drives or OS on them. I have a large computer room below my home and it has six super computers that are my database. You will find that the island is rich in technology.

That made Hideki smile as he knew that well. It is at that John. But I think down the line we will be way beyond the rest of the world.

John pulled out a slip of paper and handed it to Hideki. Type this into your browser and look at what is there.

Once in the file he was just blown away at the many clear pictures and the many stories they told. Where did you get these?

Kelly and Dana are visiting each of the shrines and temple on the islands. Dana is talking with the people and Kelly documenting them with her camera.

From what I am seeing so far some of these are several thousand years old. That is based on clothing, sandals and hats people are wearing. I hope we will have access to these as they would be a valuable teaching tool?

I am sure Kelly would allow you the use of them. But the children must not know she took them or that they are shrines here. Most of the children would never see the shrine standing in front of it, as only a few people can. For some reason they are not seen by any who dont have a strong faith or core belief. The old king could not see them or any of his advisors. But my whole family can and that really shocked Kendra.

After my trip to Japan nothing shocks me any more. Even the Emperor was impressed with how you planned it and carried it off.

He was just being kind. Now how will you move the children here after they come in at the airport?

I have 4 electric busses to bring them and their bags here. Each was only allow one bag and no additional clothing as we are supplying that.

You do know you have a runway and hanger below this school? I would suggest you bring them directly in here and let them ride the elevator up to the hall going to the rooms.

One of those odd looking ones like we took off and landed on?

Yes it is a below water runway when stored. But they work well and are very safe to use. But it also makes sure the pilots know exactly where the children are. You can give them a meal here and place to sleep for the night. It might be wise to show them the school. That way the right word will get out in Japan when they return.

Hideki was smiling once more, as John had once more been more Japanese than he had been. You just keep building the story on top of the story dont you?

It is important that this place feels magical to them. That will sell well to the people and be told with embellishments over time. If needed they will have to wait until the plane is repaired. Our people can find a reason for them staying here tonight. That is even if we have to create it. We do have fuel down there, as it is an alternate landing strip and hanger if ever needed. But they will see no other planes and just one helicopter for local travel or picking up food for here. The pilot is on your household staff. It shows the name Royal School on its sides and tail.

This place feels magical to me John. We do have a common dinning hall and will be letting the children know the basic rules tonight. Many of the children are not going to like them.

That would be a good show for the pilots and crew to see. Now the way the rooms are set up there are six sets of rooms with a central common area for each group. You have one teacher as a housemother. So divide your students into groups and provide a good name for each. Then challenge them to compete between the different houses. That will be in schoolwork, sports, ethics and special projects. The top class each year will get two weeks at a beach resort, it is like nothing they have ever seen before. If there is a tie both will win.

 I have some other things we also can use to rank the groups. I can see this becoming so competitive they will build likes and dislikes based on the results.

I would expect no less and it one day will help to push Japan. For each of the winners in each area there will be rewards also. So it is not all or nothing either and we will make those nice as well. But the winner of the grand prize will get the longest vacation. All fun and no school work.

Hideki could see how this might work. Could we do it say twice a year for each area of measurement? Then the final grade for the top group?

Yes I dont see why not as that is your decision. But everyone cant win or you kill the lesson. Any group that does not improve who was a non-winner, should pay a price for that as well. Failing is just not acceptable here. Now once each house is named I will need to know what those names are.

Might I ask why?

Yes, I will have a Kami for their name built for each house, to keep in their shrine in the main room. I have three crafts people willing to build things I need. So each will be presented to that house and it will have value to them. I also will have individual awards each year for students. Those will come from me and I will present them at a dinner meeting once a year.

This first year will be a learning experience for me also. I was reading the resumes of my teachers last night. They are all better educated than I am.

Not really Hideki as they did there work in Japan and were never exposed to what you were. That here will be like gold in teaching these children. We know that the world is not black and white. It is many bad things as well as a few good ones. The most important quality is honesty in any human. That was something every politician lost the day they were elected. It was true in both our countries.

He seemed to see the agreement and knew he could help there. I will work hard at it John. But as you know honesty has not been my countries badge of honor, over the last few hundred years. The military leaders have been the foundation of the many lies told.

Your Emperors reading of the laws to all the people have made that a moot point. He has committed the country to that course. The laws are based on honor and keeping ones word. When we talked I explained that and he knew what he was doing.

You talk with him? This really shocked Hideki.

A few times each week and it is always nice to hear from my brother. We both sit at the top of our people and share many of the same worries. It does give him someone to talk with safely. In Japan he does not have that ability except with his wife. She lacks the understanding here of the magnitude of these changes. But we also hold the countries protection in our hands. He needs to know we are watching out for him.

I guess we need to get the plane coming into the hanger below.

It might be a good idea if you and your teachers went down and watched it come in? It should be on approach close to now.

Hideki rushed off to get his teachers and then had no idea of where the elevator was, to go down to the hanger. John was standing at a place in the wall where the wood opened and behind it was the elevator. 

How do you get the wood to open up?

Your hand or mine will open it. Just place it on the scanner pad. Now I have someone to meet on this plane as well as you. The Emperor has sent a niece and her daughter to come live with us and learn our ways. So I will be doing some teaching also my friend.

Once in the large hanger Johns helicopter landed and pulled inside and away from the aircrafts jet blast. The plane had no problem with the new type runway and pulled into the hanger cutting off power when coming through the entry. A tractor hooked up and pulled the craft into position. Stairs were wheeled to the door and it opened.

The first down was a young woman may be twenty two and a seven year old child who was all smiles. Once on the ground she said something to her mother and ran like mad and jumped into Johns arms.

Hey pumpkin I am glad to finally met you. Your even more beautiful than your pictures.  This had all been said in english and the girl beamed.

Thank you John for having mother and I come stay with you.

It is Riko my pleasure to have such a beautiful addition to my home. Hideki was not sure yet what was going on?

Kana walked up and hugged John. Honored sir thank you for allow us to come and stay with you.

Kana you very welcome in my home and will always be. Dana has prepared a set of rooms for you and another set for Riko. I hope you enjoy them as we do. We do have a pool, steam room, hot tub and use them each night. It will feel much like home that way. Now do you have any bags?

No as we were told we would be clothed here. They did not know what your clothing styles were. I know you said you often wear our old style dress, but I did not know what you wore during the day.

He led them to his helicopter and seated and strapped them in, then had it towed out for take off. He had become good at handling one of these. It took no time to land at the heliport on top of the hotel in downtown. He led the girls down to the main lobby and to a clothing store there. 

He was greeted at once on entering and people were listening to his needed. They measured both girls and found them three days clothing to start with. The rest John will be at your home in 48 hours.

They took his card and charged his account. Both Kana and Riko were still shocked at how he had handled this. No one was mobbing them and John was treated with great respect. He spoke to many people and just his acknowledgement you could see pleased them. He was a very different type of human. No demands were placed on others and no guards were seen at all. He walked freely among his people without fear for his life. That just could not happen in Japan today even in smaller cities.

They took their packages and went back up to the helicopter. Once more they were buckled in and took off. Now they landed at Johns home and once they had shutdown the machine it was brought inside the hanger. They took the elevator and a large group of people was waiting for them. Introductions were made and Kana was turned over to Dana and Riko to Kelly. 

John headed to his office to advise his new brother the children arrived safely. He knew the man would worry and this would lift the stress off him. As he had thought the call was much appreciated. He did give him the e-mail address for both girls, so he could allow them to send him mail and for him to be able to send them notes. They would over time provide him with a lot of good ideas and data. 

That night John had ordered a good assortment of meats, vegetables and rices for the girls to try. He had been warned they had not been well off and food had been one issue that had almost cost them their lives.

At dinner that night they sat at a modern table with chairs and silverware to eat with. The food was placed on the table in covered bowls and there were many of these. 

Now Kana and Riko the food here is not all there is. So feel free to eat as much as you wish. If a bowl becomes empty one of the ladies will take it and refill it for us quickly. We have several bowls full of each item in the kitchen keeping warm while we eat.

The food was delicious and the girls could not believe the quantity of it. Both were filled to bursting by the time dinner was done. Riko was smiling now and she like Kelly had a million watt smile that lighted the room. John I know we have never eaten like that before. So thank you for such a wonderful meal.

Kana was smiling at her daughter and it was an approving smile. She I am afraid is telling the truth. Our family was not well off and I lost my job during the financial crash. We did not know we were related to the Emperor until after Dana and Hidekis appearance in Tokyo. It was then we were contacted by the palace staff and given temporary rooms. I was a child of a woman who the Emperors brother got pregnant. So my existence was swept under the tatami mat. You could see the sadness in her beautiful face.

Kana we all have burdens to carry that were not of our making. That is just part of the life cycle each human has. It is what we do in the hard times that makes our future. From what I know of your story you did very well and far better than most could expect. You did not go to selling yourself or Riko to survive. You took a job working and it did not pay enough to eat well. But you did survive and showed your inter strength. That Riko did as well as she did showed her well trained for her age.

This was a new way of looking at the past problems. It looked at how well you handle the problem and what price you were willing to pay not to disgrace yourself?

I thank you John for the understanding and direction to how I should see this. It has been hard to live with what I did to Riko after bring her into the world.

There is just one question I have Kana. Who was Rikos father? The blush came fast and dark red.

I was raped at 14 and my child came from that. Mother survived long enough to help me get out of school and start working. I was coming home from school one evening after being held because of paper I had written. It was on the economy and trade issues. It seemed to me that this crash was coming and I wrote about what I expected. It angered many teachers and I was held there to punish me. So I dont know if the boys who raped me were set up by them or not?

Do you have a copy of it?

You could see on Rikos smiling face she did. I do and mom had asked me to burn or erase any copies I had. So I encrypted it and put it on a thumb drive. That was before we had to leave grandmothers house.

John was smiling now at this bright young lady. How old were you then?

I had just turned six. After grandmother died we lived in her house until mom could no longer pay the payments. Then the bank took it over.

John raised his eyebrows at Kana.

We owed just a few hundred thousand yen on it and its value in Tokyo would be enormous today. Actually it was 251,471 yen.

So they took it for about $2,600 in credits here. Please tell me the banks name and who the banker was.

She provided the data and John typed it into his portable unit. It would store it until he was ready to take an action. Thank you for the information. Now Riko I would love to read what mother wrote so long ago.

They all left the table and John, Kana, Dana and finally Riko came into his office for this. She handed John the thumb drive and he instated it into the USB port. He clicked on the drive link and it came up and it was not encrypted at all.

How did you do that? I know that was encrypted and opening it would for most not have been possible. Riko was now confused.

I run on a super computer and decrypting anything is normally fast. In this case the key length was just 64 characters long. Mine now are 512 long and often double encrypted using two systems. So the computer did a fast use of the dictionary of Japan. It hit on the key is just two minutes time.

He read for a good thirty minutes time and was impressed with Kanas abilities and insight. She had pin pointed the exact causes of the crash and most of the worlds reactions. My dear this is just excellent and it should have been read and listened to by all world leaders.

You could see Riko was proud of her mother. Mother is very smart sir. She makes sense when others dont.

First of all Riko I am John and not sir. I dont pretend to be something I am not. Now your mother is very smart and she will get the chance to use her brains here.

He typed an e-mail address and attached the file. In it he also asked for current ownership of the home Kana once had and for arrest of the bank manager who took over her home. He offered to pa off the rest of her loan wit proper interest. That was sent to the Emperor.

What was that about John? Kana wanted to know.

I have redressed a problem you had and sent a copy of that fine report you did eight years ago. Had Japan listened to you it would never have crashed. Yes thousands would have lost their jobs and life would have had to adjust. But the country with eight years could have been ready for that.

Kana blushed at this praise, as she had never had anyone do that before. It was just something I believed was coming John. I have no idea why or where the belief came from? But I was sure this was coming.

Not only did you warn about it eight years before it happened, but also were disgraced for telling the truth. I see that you have had other worries and never wrote them or told any of them.

She lowered her head and said nothing for some time. I have dreamed of Chinas rise in our world. They are the beast from the east. They have much they wish to pay Japan back for and are planning to do that. It will not be pretty without your help stopping them.

He saw she did see things others did not. Youre a very bright and brave woman Kana, I respect your judgment. But always keep in mind light always defeats darkness in the end. Now lets go to bed and get some rest.

That night the tow girls slept better than they ever had before. Kana was sure the home had a lot to do with it. Riko felt it was Johns presence here. Both compared their thoughts during checking on each other and their new clothing.

They walked into the dinning room and took seats and were given tea from the island. Kendra liked both of these young ladies and had read Kanas report as John had given her a copy. 

Kana could not believe the taste of this tea. Where in the world does this come from?

Here my dear as we grow it and process the leaves. We could sell much more in your country if we had enough to do that. But John says our needs here come first and we sell only the extra. Kendra was smiling at the two girls. 

This comes from here? I never knew you grew tea here.

Since John came we grow tea, coffee and cacao beans that are better than most of the worlds products. The cacao bean is what cocoa is made from. So of the natural drinks we do produce all three at the very best quality. Our chocolate is also the very best in the world.

This was both shocking and pleasing to Kana. That one small country could be the best in the world in four areas was beyond belief. How is it that happened?

John saw the many needs man would have and no sure supply routes or countries he could trust. So if we were to have it, it must be grown here. He has planned his crops to provide what people will need and a small surplus for either back up or export if someone needs it. One island produces enough wheat to handle all needs here for breads, rolls and cakes. Meat animals are raised on just one island and processed there. That way no grown crops are possible contaminated by animal waste. He did build a safety system into our islands for the food we eat. We have never had an E coli outbreak here due to these changes.

The rest of the family came in and took their seats and breakfast was served. For the girls it was very different. They had never had an American style breakfast and enjoyed it greatly. It was watch how others did something and follow that. So the learning process was fast and learned quickly.

Once the meal was done John set the working groups for the day. I want Dana, Kana, Kelly and Riko to go see one of the shrines today if they have that ability and I think they do. Then after lunch Kelly and Riko will start her studies here. Kana will work with me for a time. Then we will all relax in the hot tub before dinner. Any questions now?

John headed for his office and was ready for a day. He had been feeling much better now and getting sleep was helping. The load for today was not heavy and that made it a good one. 

Carlton was waiting for him and smiled when he came in. Boss your looking much better today. At our last meeting you looked drained.

To be honest I was. Now David was worried about China coming after the old US and Russian satellites and knocking them out. So I asked him to handle stopping it for now. But it seems we have a much larger problem from China, as it wants all of Asia as its own kingdom. Why they would want more headaches I dont understand?

China always wanted to rule this part of the world. Now that is possible and they cant stop from trying to do that. They will I am sure leave India alone at least for now.

You know we cant allow that to happen as Japan would be one of the first targets.

I am sure it would be and with a vengeance. Much of what the communist did was blamed on Japan. Understand they were not angels either. But to hurt the Nationalist they did a lot of dirty work for Japan. Today they blame what they did back on Japan.

Well get with David and close the countries borders. Take out whatever you have to industrially and make it so they cant quickly rebuild. I dont want to wait for them to become powerful and try to stop them.

We will need to remove their ICBM capacity and their launch abilities. Their nuclear stores of already built weapons and gas plants for rocket fuels must be lost. They must loose military shipyards and plants that produce the ships steel. It may require some electrical power plants be taken down. That will create some riots among the people who lose their jobs. The worst the government acts the stronger the peoples revolt will be.

What are we talking about in people losses in China?

Our best guess if done late at night is around five thousand people at the most. If we did this during the day then it would be more like fifty to one hundred thousand. Now that includes cutting each Naval ship in half that they now have. Either at the pier or at sea they would be cut into two pieces. So at sea they would be lost. At the dock they could salvage the steel.

Make sure they know this is due to the threat they make other Asian nations feel. It is from Russia with love and the next step will be the nuclear destruction of their country. Sound as hard line as possible I want the two arguing and fighting with each other. If we keep them looking at each other both are held in check.

Carlton laughed now and enjoyed the twist on this. Your going to blame this on Russia and make them keep troops at that border right?

There is already distrust there. That is due to Russia not selling them oil at what they feel was a fair price. Russia had to refuse to sell natural gas due to no pipeline they could use for feeding China. They had contracts with the EU to fill. John knew the story well as it had played out in the US press.

I can hold down the losses of people and cost industries the government owns billions of Yuan. Not to say the Navy losses will take billions more Yuan to replace the ships.

It was easy to see they would have to do some real belt tightening to handle the losses. OK go for it and be sure Davids worries are over as well.

The plan was now firm and it would not be changed. Once John had decided to act he just never had second thoughts. From that point it was in the Gods hands. He planned as best possible and then accepted the results. He hated when human life was lost, but like Japan you could never stop it all.

After lunch Kana and Dana came into his office. Well husband you were right she and Riko can see the shrines. Between these two we have a very good team now with Kelly and I. They both are seeing things I would never pick up on.

I had my meeting with Carlton and China is moving towards the borders heading towards Vietnam and other countries. I have ordered their military to be cut down to size and nuclear stockpiles destroyed as well as missiles. Their Navy will have no more floating ships and the yards will take a year or more to rebuild. Mills making ships plate will be taken out. Plus their rocket fuel sites will be destroyed. All thanks to Russia, at least that is what we hope they will think.

Kana was shocked, as she did not know the power these islands had. Can you really do all of that?

That is just the hard part of what will happen either late tonight or tomorrow night. We will attack late so not many are killed from the attacks. Carlton believes it will be less than five thousand for all the damage we do. But we are sure if not stopped now they will become a monster to many countries. I contacted my old KGB head and discussed how best to handle getting word out the current government in Russia did this? He is helping with that small problem as it will most likely bring it down.

But why would someone in Russia help you?

They want the current government taken down. Of course they want that power for themselves. The problem they have is not knowing just how powerful we are and what we can do? That will become apparent when we are done with China.

But your taking actions against another nation is not right.

Then it would be right for me to allow them to take over Japan, or to enslave many countries in Asia?

You cant do that either John.

So the question comes down to the best time to do this? For me the answer is before the Chinese Army kills many of the people in another country. They will set off the destruction by crossing a border into another country. They control their own destiny in this matter.

I see your logic and cant argue it at all. But why will they look to Russia as the aggressor?

Across the border is a vast amount of wealth China needs in resources. They have been itching for a reason to go after that area for some time now. It has oil, gas, minerals for metals, gold, silver and much in gemstones not yet found. If Russia had been smart, it would have set up joint ventures with large corporations and developed it on their money. But greed stopped that after the oil and gas started to pay off. So word coming from a Moscow source saying Russia is bound to stopping Chinas growth will do the trick.

Is the lack of trust that deep?

It is the factor that could never be fixed. China never trusted anyone and especially Russia. It is a race thing and they are very racially motivated in everything they do, but so is Japan in most cases. Every social group is below the one they see as theirs.

But we have lost a war that showed we were not powerful and did not have a superior culture.

Your business leaders saw trade as the new war. They were for a time winning once more. Then they over played their hand once again because of arrogance. It is a cycle your country seems tied to?

Kana just shook her head as John was right. Her country could not manage wealth without it going to its head. They had just as much trouble handling power. Now she was not sure how this experiment with her uncle would play out? Could he and the extended family rule Japan successfully? She could not see how it could be worse that the last two groups of leaders? 

John handed her a printed e-mail he had received from the Emperor. She read this and smiled now. Is this really true?

Yes your mothers old home is now yours free and clear of any debt. The people who had been living there have been turned out and guards placed on the land to protect it. I was sure it had great value to you well beyond the money. It seems I now own the bank that had the loan on that home. The banker is now serving ten years for his trying to take the property without paying you, its fair free value less the loan.

How did you end up with the bank?

The Emperor wanted me to own one bank there. The idea was my policies would be the standard for all of Japan. I sent over three tons of gold bars to be placed in the vaults to assure the banks solvency. It was very close to going broke.

How can a bank go broke?

Bad loans, credit card losses, theft of bank assents and hiring to many people to handle the business you have. I have one of my best banking people from here setting that bank group up. It will have its own computer system and not be connected to any net in Japan. That way we can handle the internal issues from here. A second computer will provide online banking, credit checks and credit card transactions. No credit cards will be issued to those but the top depositors of the bank. They are not a way to finance your life. Each transaction is a loan of money.

I dont understand why you did buy the bank if so much can go wrong?

The people must see a bank the can completely trust. One where they take no risk putting their money into it and who will be careful loaning it out. They must always be able to come and get their money out at any time. So the Emperor has had new money printed that must be backed with gold. So there will for a time be golden yen and non golden yen. The value of the golden yen will never be less than its gold value. The old yen will float for a time and slowly become worth nothing.

It is time for us to relax now and tomorrow will bring what it may. John stood and headed to the hot tub.

Once there he undressed, showered and got into the tub. He heard the others coming in and felt Kelly and Riko sliding down beside him. He reach out and placed an arm around each girl and just held them close. 

The talk between Kana, Dana and Leigh Anne was nice to just listen to. Leigh Anne was working on two paintings that would go back to Japan for shrines there. They were from photos Kelly had taken and were of pictures of great age. It was estimated they were at least ten thousand years old. They were from a very old Shinto period.

After half and hours time they got out showed once more and dried off, then dressed for dinner. John had mentally shutdown and had just listened to the others. That time was so relaxing for him he almost felt like he had slept. It brought the working day to and end.

Dinner that night was spiced with much talk and discussion. It all had to do with the shrines and what had been seen on that days trip. Kana was impressed at how old the shrines were here. 

Dear your entire original religion came from here, as did a lot of your people over centuries. These islands have existed longer than Japan has a history. So you need to see things from that perspective here. If you fail to do that you lose much of the significants. So keep an open mind and just accept what you see. John was specific here.

Kana did not feel rebuked at all, she felt instructed. For her that was also a new feeling, as she had resented so much of what had happened around her. John never talked down to her and did not direct her as much as suggested things to her. Never before in her life had she known a man she respected like she did John. He never seemed to get angry, would ask questions when you stated your opinion and listened to what you had to say completely before those questions came. 

John told the group good night and headed off to bed. He knew he would be up as soon as the attacks started and wanted to be as fresh as possible. He had warned Dana he most likely would be up around 10 or 11 to start watching the events. So sometime tomorrow he would catch a nap. So the four to five hours tonight would help.


