Monsters are real.

Annabeth knew that even before the monster came into her room and snatched her from her bed in the night. It smelled dirty, like old food, and she screamed as loud as she could for her daddy but it took her anyway, holding her tight and carrying her away into the woods where no one will be able to find her.

Monsters eat little girls, and Annabeth knows that too: didn’t have to see it eat Tina (Murray, from down the street) to know that. But she saw it anyway, mostly through her fingers, as the monster dragged Tina away from the wall and into the middle of the room and ate her until there wasn’t anything left but bloody rags.

There are three of them left here now, all taken from their beds, and Annabeth knows that they’re all going to die like Tina. She’s scared—wants her daddy—but she doesn’t want to wait around either (no one is coming to save them because this isn’t a fairy tale or a bedtime story, it’s real) so the next time the monster comes she makes herself step in front of the others.

She still screams when it grabs her, when she feels its hot breath on her skin. Tina screamed too, loud and shrill, and how the sound of those screams had made Annabeth cry ...

There’s a loud crash and the monster releases her. Annabeth isn’t expecting it and she falls back onto her behind, which hurts and makes her let out a startled cry. Then there are new hands on her, grabbing her around the waist and pulling her back to the wall. She opens her eyes and looks up into a frightening face.

It’s more frightening than the other monster, because this face looks human and almost kind. This monster has hair, and a nose and ears and teeth, and it’s dressed just like a human too. Except this has to be a monster because it has glowing gold eyes, and Annabeth is only five but she’s old enough to know people don’t have eyes like that.

“Don’t look, sweetheart,” the monster says, covering her eyes with one of its hands.

There are noises coming from behind it—terrible sounds—and Annabeth starts to cry because she’s sure that this new monster is going to be even worse than the first. Except the monster puts an arm around her back, and rubs between her shoulders the way Daddy always does, and makes shushing noises.

“Shh. It’s okay, you’re safe, honey. We’ve got you.”

Behind it, the noises stop. Annabeth isn’t sure what that means, but it can’t be anything good. She cries harder.

“Dude, what did you do? Tell her one of your stupid dog jokes?”

“She’s scared, Dean,” the monster holding her snaps. “You’d be scared too if—”

“Yeah, yeah. Get the other munchkins out, would you? I’ll chill with Annabeth for a minute.”

Annabeth’s head comes up at the sound of her name—how do they know? Can they read her mind?—and she sees that the second monster looks much like the first. He’s prettier, though: almost like a doll. And his hair is shorter. He blinks down at her and the gold in his eyes goes out.

Annabeth is a big girl, so she knows that doesn’t mean anything except that he’s like the Big Bad Wolf and can wear sheep’s clothing, but she’s still just five years old and she doesn’t have any super powers. If these monsters want to eat her like the other one, then they will and there’s nothing she can do about it.

The first monster passes her up to the second, who makes a shelf out of his arms for her to sit on. She starts to tumble back and grabs his neck instinctively.

“Hey there, sweetheart,” the monster says, smiling at her. “My name’s Dean. What’s yours?”

She sniffles, shaking her head. “You already know, too. I heard you!”

The monster’s mouth twitches. “Caught me. Your mommy and daddy sent me and my brother to come save you. We’re going to take you home now, okay?”

“You aren’t going to eat me?” she whispers, hardly daring to believe it. “Like the other monster ate Tina?”

The monster’s expression goes stiff and sad the way Mommy and Daddy’s do sometimes when they’re watching the news. “You see that, honey? Did you see the monster eat Tina?”

She nods, relaxing her hold on his neck long enough to wipe her nose on the back of her arm.

“I’m sorry,” he tells her, using his free hand to smooth back her hair. “I wish you hadn’t had to go through that.”

“But you’re a monster,” Annabeth says, confused. “Monsters aren’t sorry.”

“Sometimes they are,” the monster answers softly. He sounds sad, which is also strange and makes Annabeth feel a little guilty, because as far as monsters go this one is actually pretty nice.

“Did I make you sad?” Annabeth asks.

The monster smiles at her, but it looks fake the way Daddy’s does when he’s in the office and his boss stops by to talk. Annabeth thinks the monster’s face looked nicer before.

“No, kiddo,” he says. “You didn’t.”

“What did then?”

But the monster just ruffles her hair and starts walking toward the door. “We better get you home,” he says gruffly. “Your mom and dad’ll be worried about you.”

Monsters are real, and Annabeth knows that now for sure. But as this monster carries her out to a big black car and puts her into the backseat with the two other little girls, Annabeth learns another thing about monsters.

Sometimes, they’re the good guys.