Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Two: The Thief's Passion, Chapter Ten: Law's Blessing
Summary: After the mix up, Monica enjoys a special delight while Illina has two new people to play with.
Keywords: MFF MMFF MMF Fsolo MF fantasy magic exhib voy oral facial anal DP preg

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Relief rippled through me. I threw my arms around the blue-robed mage. He stiffened as I planted a kiss on his cheek. Thank you.

Yeah, he said, his voice tight. 

I squeezed tighter about him. It is hard to admit when we're wrong and do the right thing. You are a good man...

Stefan. 

I stepped back from him, staring at his handsome face. He had a serious cast to his features, his green eyes studying me. They held concern, maybe even were disoriented by what had happened. His goatee added to his charm. I smiled at him.

Then I whirled around and rushed to my knight. 

Bryce had gained his feet, standing resolute. His hard face betrayed not a hint of pain. I reached him and pressed my hand over his chest where the shade had plunged its spiritual flesh into his body. I felt warm skin, hard muscles beneath. His heart pounded with a strong beat.

Are you injured? I asked, a wave of fear washing through me. We had come so close to death over a misunderstanding.

I am fine, he said. His hand cupped my face. His thumb stroked over my cheekbone. Thank you.

We're going to punish the Lawbreaker together, I said, my fear flashing into anger, fueling it. Memories of the goblin attack, the nasty one who sought to ravish me, flashed in my mind. He's hurt us both.

His eyes flicked down my body. Yes, he has.

He kissed me. I closed my eyes and melted against him, realizing, in that moment, I had just run naked over to a strange man and hugged him. My anger became embarrassment before excitement devoured it as I felt Bryce's manhood. Hard. Throbbing.

I kissed him back with passion. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

I stepped out of the brush, unconcerned by my nudity. I held my dagger lightly in my hand, a bright smile on my face. The rhythm of my heart had dwindled. The angel glanced at me. Then her sword vanished from her grip.

My apologies for threatening you, but you did have that dagger, the angel said.

No problem, I said, waving my left hand. Just a teeny, tiny misunderstanding.

The human mage glanced at me. Teeny? I almost killed an innocent man?

Yeah, who hasn't, I said with a big smile on my face. I shoved my dagger behind my back and rocked back and forth on my feet, balls to heels back to balls. So, I'm Illina the thief. This is Barg.

A pleasure to meet you both, Barg said in his elegance as he stepped up beside me. He swept a bow to the angel. My lady, my apologies for planning to rip out your throat. We did fear greatly for our companions.

The angel gave an incline of her head. I am Ahlona and this is Stefan. Stefan Halian.

The mage nodded, staring at me before he looked away from my naked body. I kept rocking on my feet. An awkward energy rippled around us, straining the very air. I wanted to say something. Do something. Not just stand here.

So I said the first thing that popped into my head. Want to fuck?

What? Stefan gasped. He stared at me now, his eyes flicking up and down my body.

Yeah, fuck, I said. I mean, we're going to be companions now, I guess. You're all on that revenge thingy with Sir Killfun. So, we should get to know each other. Best way's the fun way. I arched my eyebrow. So, me and you while Barg and your angel get it on. Doesn't that sound hot?

Er... Stefan seemed more bewildered than intrigued. He rubbed a hand through his brown hair. It's just... I mean, we were trying to kill you and now you want to... to...

Yeah! I'm horny. We were about to get it on, and then you guys spoiled the mood. Only fair. I glanced over at Bryce kissing Monica. Alloria was moving to join them now. Besides, Sir Brickhead needs to fuck Alloria, the Valyan woman. There's some dumb magic involved.

Uhhh.... He glanced at the angel.

I rolled my eyes. I shouldn't have let him think. I marched up to him and grabbed his hand with my free hand. I pulled him towards the camp, saying, Come along. And you, angel cutie, get that chastity belt off and let Barg pound you.

I only have sex with my love, Stefan, the angel said.

Oh, Gods, not another one, I muttered. I glanced at Stefan, still dragging him along. He was my age, maybe older, but he felt like a little boy right now. So me and you won't fuck?

Oh, he can have all the female lovers he wants, the angel said. He's Pater's son, after all. He has appetites. I understand. I find it quite exciting.

Huh, a cuckqueen angel and a mage? Kinky My smile grew. So, that means you're great at eating pussy. That's what I've heard about you Esh-Esh mages.

Yeah, I'm good, he said, seeming to find his balance. He straightened. I'm quite good.

And you got that goatee. Ooh, I bet that's fun. I grinned at him and stopped by my bedroll. So get down and let's bond! Best way!  I giggled. Besides, you're cute.

Sure, he said, glancing over across the fire where Sir Lackwit, Monica, and Lady Cuntbitch were kissing and groaning and falling into their passion.

He unbelted his robe and slipped it off with care. It had items in it. Curiosity rippled through me. Valuables? I noted the many pockets and which ones were weighed with items as he settled it beside the bedroll. Underneath, he had a surprising muscular body. Not brawny like Sir Buttbrain, but a fit physique. Not soft like I expected. He stretched out, a respectable-sized cock thrusting out. 

He verged on Barg's size. Hot.

I straddled him and sank down, tossing my dagger over on my discarded clothing. Then I planted my pussy right on his goatee. My hairless pussy burst with delight. My nervous system drank in the wiry caress of the bristles. I shivered, my heart's rhythm increasing. My fingers twitched.

Then his tongue licked out. He darted it through my folds, caressing me, stimulating my bud. Not the aimless flailing that some men did, just mindlessly attacking my pussy. His movement felt deliberate, testing my twat, seeing where I liked to be touched.

So I cooed and moaned. I wiggled my hips. I let him know what I really liked.

Enjoy him, Illina, said the angel. 

She sank down between his thighs. She grabbed his cock and stroked him with care. Her fiery hair spilled down her face. Her diamond eyes stared up at me shining with delight. She stroked his dick, her tongue flicking over her lips.

She engulfed him. Her halo flared brighter about her, a subtle glow that spilled around her face. He groaned into my pussy. His tongue licked with bolder strokes. The pleasure she fed him went directly into his skill at eating my pussy.

I loved that. 

I wiggled my hips back and forth while I flicked my eyes to my lover. I smiled and motioned to him. Then I thrust two fingers into my mouth, working them in and out while arching my eyebrow at him in invitation.

He chuckled and marched over, holding his midnight-black cock. I pulled my fingers out and cooed, I'm still the only woman in the party you get to fuck.

What a treasure for me, Barg said, that you're such a good cocksucker.

Just the best, I said, wiggling my hips from side to side. I should have been a mage. I got all the skills for it.

At least one of them, he said.

I winked at him and then opened my mouth wide. I swallowed his cock. I sucked with hunger on him. My eyes closed. I nursed hard. He groaned. His hands slid through my hair while I ground on Stefan's goatee. His wiry facial hairs rubbed up and down my naughty pussy lips. Those were as exciting to feel as his tongue caressing up and down my folds.

Then he thrust his tongue into my twat. I moaned around Barg's cock. My hands tightened on my lover's hips, pale fingers gripping tight. I sucked with hunger on Barg. I loved the feel of him. The taste of him in my mouth. I sucked harder. I loved him, my tongue dancing around his tip. 

My naughty Illina, he groaned and thrust his hips forward.

Barg fucked his cock in and out of my mouth while Stefan worked his tongue in and out of my pussy. I moaned in delight, my nervous system conducting the bliss all over my body. It was glorious. I reveled in it, my hips wiggling back and forth. I squirmed from the bliss, my pussy lips rasping over his goatee.

Ahlona sucked with hunger, bobbing her head with skill. The angel's wings fluttered while she moaned. Her hips wiggled back and forth, the golden band of her chastity belt glinting in the firelight. She was the only one of our group not feeling pleasure.

And I felt she didn't mind. Not when she had Stefan's cock in her mouth.

Shame. She could have Barg's cock in her pussy. What a glorious sight that would be. 

I nursed with hunger as Barg fucked his dick in and out of my mouth. He plowed it to the back of my throat. I sucked the entire time, loving him. Nursing on him. My hips wiggled from side to side, grinding my pussy on Stefan's amazing goatee.

My clit throbbed, bursting with pleasure from the sparks while my pussy's depths drank in the strokes of his agile tongue. My pleasure built and built, a tsunami of bliss that would consume me. It would be excellent.

I wiggled my hips from side to side. My pussy burst with sparks. I reveled in every second of his tongue fluttering through me. In those wiry facial hairs. His whiskers teased me. I whimpered around Barg's cock, my clit sparking with bliss.

I would cum so hard.

I would have such an amazing orgasm.

It would be perfect. Just the best bliss ever. I ground on him, humping my hips forward and back, reveling in every second of this. Drool ran down my chin. Barg's cock thrust to the back of my throat. He gripped my fiery hair.

Illina! he groaned. Gods, Illina, you know how to love a cock. Just a jolly delight.

I winked at him and sucked with all my might. As my orgasm hurtled closer and closer, my blowjob grew sloppier and sloppier. More and more spittle spilled out of the corners of my mouth. I whimpered, Stefan's tongue teasing me to such perfection.

Then he shifted his lips. He groaned as he latched onto my clit. I gasped around Barg's cock. My nervous system drank in the bliss. It fed my impending orgasm. Sparks flared across my thoughts clicking away. I trembled, hovering on the cusp of my orgasm.

Yes, yes, yes! groaned Barg, his hands gripping the sides of my head as he fucked my mouth.

I stared up at him. Stars danced at the edge of my vision. Then my pussy clenched. I groaned as the pleasure burst through me. My orgasm exploded, the pleasure conducting through my nervous system to every bit of my body. My thoughts turned faster, cogs whirring in delight.

I squealed around Barg's cock as my juices gushed out of me. They flooded Stefan's mouth. He abandoned my clit to lick up the juices gushing out of me. Barg grunted, slamming hard into me. He fucked my mouth with passion.

Buried to the back of my throat.

He erupted.

Cernere's black cunt! he howled.

I gulped down his salty cum while Stefan enjoyed my pussy juices. He growled and grunted. The angel gulped down cum in delight. Her wings fluttered as she savored her mage's jizz. I reveled in my barguest's.

So much yummy cum fired into my mouth. I gulped it down to my digestive system. I reveled in it, my hips wiggling back and forth. So thick and yummy. Pleasure crossed Barg's midnight face. His brows furrowed.

Gods, Illina!

I sucked out the last of the cum as my orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I hovered there, my mind almost a blur of motion. I swayed as I nursed on his cock. Then the bliss hummed through every fiber of my nervous system.

Gods, panted Stefan. What are you, Illina. That's not human pussy juices. You resound with the power of the earth.

I popped my mouth off Barg's cock. Surely you can figure it out. You're a mage.

Ahlona slid her mouth off and said, You are a child of Krab.

A clockwork? gasped Stefan. Aren't there only a handful of you in the world?

Something like that, I said. Mmm, that was fun. What a great way to meet people. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sir Bryce

I watched Illina leading Stefan towards the campfire to enjoy him. It had surprised me to see Deana Halian's son. Pain blazed in my heart at those destroyed by him. He had inflicted so much harm across the world. Hurt so many people.

Then a pair of mouths kissed against my cock. I groaned, pulling my gaze from Stefan settling down by the fire to Monica and Alloria staring up at me, pale face pressed against azure. They both held my cock, stroking it. Their lips, Alloria's plump and succulent, nibbling on my cock's tip.

That insane lust that had swept through me earlier had returned. I had gone all day without fucking Alloria. Damn her magic for putting me in this situation. I hated being controlled. My hands balled into fists even as I stared down into her eyes.

She entranced me with her red depths. Then there were Monica's hazel eyes brimming with her love. 

My anger relaxed while the pleasure surged through me. Today had almost gone badly, but it hadn't. My hand stroked through Monica's brown hair. She was proving far, far more useful for my quest than I realized.

And the things she did, her love and affection, were a delight to enjoy. 

Monica, I growled, you were amazing tonight.

Joy shone in her eyes. Thank you, Bryce. I just did what you've done for me so many times.

As she smiled at me, Alloria swallowed the tip of my cock with greedy hunger. She suckled hard. My dick twitched and throbbed, the pleasure rushing through me. I groaned at the bliss of being in her mouth.

It helped with that compulsion. It relaxed somewhat. I knew I would fuck her now. I would spurt my cum in her at least once during our threesome. That was all the spell binding the pair of us together needed.

Gods, yes, I gasped as she sucked her mouth up and down my cock. You worship dick the way Biaute does.

Monica giggled. She is beautiful, isn't she?

Yes, she is, I said, smiling. 

Delight hummed through Alloria's suckling. It felt amazing. So relaxing. 

Then Monica darted in and nibbled on my shaft. She kissed and licked up and down my girth, brushing Alloria's bobbing lips. Monica's delicate and loving hands found my balls. She kneaded them with all her compassion. Delight shone in the pregnant woman's eyes.

Alloria's tongue danced around my cock. She sucked with hunger, her eyes twinkling as they stared up at me. Moans came from the other side of the fire, but I ignored them to focus on the bliss right here.

On these naughty women worshiping me.

It was a pleasure I had never experienced before Alloria's appearance. I gripped my amulet, feeling it in my hand. Flashes of my wife popped into my mind. The love we had. The passion that we shared. Just the two of us...

I didn't let that day intrude. I focused on the passion. Then I stared down at the two women worshiping me with their enthusiasm. Their desire. I groaned, Monica's eyes shining with such delight for me. Such love.

That needed to be rewarded. An idea kindled in the back of my mind.

Gods, yes yes, you two are perfect, I growled. Keep sucking and loving me.

Mmm, then you can cum on our faces, purred Monica. You can coat us in your seed, and we can lick each other clean.

Alloria shuddered. Then she ripped her mouth off my cock to ask, Would you want to do that to us?

Yes, I growled as Monica sucked my cock into her skilled mouth. The leywife nursed with hunger. Gods, yes. I'll coat you both in my spunk.

Mark us as yours?Alloria asked, a playful tone in her voice. Mmm, I would let you. Gladly.

Monica sucked with hunger, not disguising how willing she would be to do that for me. Her sucking hunger and bobbing lips proved it. She kept kneading my balls, hungry for my cum to erupt and bathe her face.

The pressure rose and rose. Then Alloria ducked down and sucked on my balls. Her eyes widened. I had a feeling she'd never done that to a man. She sucked with hunger on them. Kneading them. I released my amulet to slide my hands through her black hair. I gripped her tight, the pressure rising and rising faster and faster.

I would unleash such a flood of cum. My fingers tightened in their hair. Monica nursed harder. Her eyes stared up at me, watching me. The pressure surged to the tip of my cock. I let out a throaty growl of rapture.

Monica popped her mouth off my cock and moaned, Cum on our faces, Bryce!

Yes! Alloria whimpered, abandoning my balls to press her bluish cheek against Monica's flushed one.

Slata's hairy cunt! I snarled.

My cum erupted and splashed across their faces. Monica controlled it, aiming my cock, letting my jizz splash across their features. Such delight blazed in her eyes. She loved this. She smiled as the cum spilled over her expression. She trembled in absolute joy. My cum spurted again and again, splattering their features.

It was a treat. I groaned, my heart pounding wildly as the pleasure hit that delightful peak. That pinnacle of rapture. My jizz ran hot down their faces. They degraded themselves with my spunk. By submitting to this and reveling in my domination of them.

My final spurt of cum splashed onto their features, spilling over their faces.

Then they turned to each other and attacked each other's faces. Their tongues licked and lapped. They gathered up my spunk. They groaned, their tongues dancing and licking, caressing up all of my jizz that had spilled over their features.

Gods damn, I groaned as they kissed, sharing my seed, arms around each other's shoulders. What an intoxicating sight. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan

I licked the cum off of Monica's face from the moment it splashed on me. I savored the salty flavor of his seed on her face. Her skin was so smooth. She was such a sexy thing. And having him adorn her only made this more exciting.

Her tongue bathed my features, her warm, brown hair swaying. She caressed up my cheek. She gathered the jizz. Then she kissed me. Her tongue thrust into my mouth coated in his salty seed. She darted around, teasing me, driving me wild. I savored the feel of swapping his spunk back and forth. The taste of it melting across our tongues.

She was incredible to enjoy. 

I broke the kiss and flicked up jizz dribbling down her cheek. Then I thrust it into her mouth. She sucked it off my tongue. I closed my eyes and savored the taste of his salty passion. And all the while, he stood over us. Then he moved behind me.

I shuddered, rising on my legs, thrusting my ass out at him as I kept kissing Monica. Her tongue played with mine as his strong hands grabbed my rump. No woman's soft features. Pure, manly strength massaged me.

I loved it. I shouldn't, but I did. It was so exciting to me. I groaned as he ran his hands over my asscheeks. He squeezed me. Kneaded me. He teased me with his strength. I dripped juices, my excitement mounting by the second.

Then his cock pressed into my pussy. He rubbed it up and down. The pleasure was intense. I needed him in me. The pussy licking earlier in the day, sucking on him, merely tided me over. This was what I needed. 

His dick in me.

He thrust into me.

I moaned into the kiss with Monica.

She broke it and smiled. Enjoy him, Alloria.

You are such a sweet thing, I moaned as her knight reamed my cunt. The paladin of Lagu fucked me hard. I didn't care that the enchantment tied us together. I just wanted his dick buried into me again and again.

I needed him to fuck me hard.

He did. His dick plunged into my pussy with powerful strokes. No man had ever fucked me with such vigor. It was incredible. The pleasure swept through me. I groaned, my hips wiggling back and forth as I savored his cock burying into me again and again. I whimpered and groaned, savoring every hard plunge of his cock. 

Every wonderful thrust of that dick into my pussy. 

I squeezed about him. I gripped him with my pussy and reveled in his hard plunges into my cunt's depths. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring that plunging dick around in me. Monica smiled, cum dripping off her face.

Then she stretched out on her back and spread her thighs. Her shaved pussy was right before me.

Saphique's sweet cunt! I moaned and dived for Monica's snatch.

The girl gasped as I pressed my face into her twat. I licked and lapped at her sweet juices. I ran my tongue up and down her folds. I caressed her labia. Teased her clit. She groaned at the delight I delivered unto her. My tongue danced up and down her cuntlips.

My reward: her delicious cream.

My tongue danced through her folds. I licked up and down her. She rubbed her twat into my hungry mouth while Bryce drilled his cock into my pussy. He fucked me hard and fast. He slammed into me, balls smacking into my clit.

My black hair spilled over Monica's pale thighs. She smeared her Secaran pussy into my mouth, her round tits jiggling. She moaned. I groaned. Bryce grunted. The three of us were united in pleasure through my body.

What was happening to me? What had this spell done to me? I was... contented with this.

My tongue stirred through Monica's pussy folds. I licked and lapped at her twat as I wiggled my hips. I stirred around that big cock in my snatch. The pleasure shot through me. My pussy gripped him, drinking in the friction. My orgasm built and built.

Gods! he grunted. Slata's hairy cunt, you're tight!

Mmm, I bet she is! Monica moaned. Yes, yes, drill into her!

Make me cum! I moaned into the leywife's pregnant pussy.

I kissed her with hunger. My tongue thrust into the depths of her pussy. I swirled and fluttered. She groaned, her thighs squeezing around my face. She held me tight, grinding that hot twat against my hungry, licking mouth.

I feasted on the juices flooding out of her. I loved how they tasted in my mouth. The pleasure that they delivered to me. They were incredible. My tongue danced and fluttered up and down her folds. I reveled in the taste of her passion. The feel of her on my face and chin.

My tongue darted into her folds. I licked up her delight. I wiggled my hips back and forth, stirring that big cock around in my cunt while I delivered such bliss to Monica. I wanted them both to cum. I wanted to give them pleasure.

Gods, yes! I moaned, my cunt clenching on Bryce's cock. I sucked Monica's clit into my mouth.

Slata's cunt! she gasped, her body bucking and round tits heaving. Gods, that's good, Alloria!

I thrust a pair of fingers into her cunt. I plundered her pregnant twat while Bryce reamed my pussy. He buried hard into me. Fast. His balls smacked into my clit. Sparks burst. I moaned around Monica's bud. His hands stroked my sides. Strong. Virile.

Masculine.

I squealed in orgasmic delight.

My pleasure spasmed out of my pussy. My cunt rejoiced around Bryce's cock. His thick shaft plunged into me over and over again. He buried hard and fast. He filled me up. It was incredible to enjoy. Stars danced before my eyes.

My pussy writhed. Spasmed. The heat washed through me. A wicked delight that burned through me. I sucked hard on Monica's pussy as satisfaction consumed me. Bryce grunted, plowing into my cumming depths.

Gods damn! he growled, hands gripping my hips.

Cum in her, Bryce! Monica moaned. Flood her with your spunk. Just fire all that jizz into her!

Yes! he snarled and then erupted.

I moaned around Monica's clit. Her pussy juices gushed out around my thrusting fingers. Her pregnant cunt went wild around my fingers. I reveled in that wild spasm while Bryce pumped my pussy full of his jizz.

My orgasm intensified. 

I thrust my fingers in and out of Monica's spasming twat. My own pussy writhed around Bryce's spurting cock. The seed jetted into me. It was incredible to feel. To experience. Waves of dizzying bliss washed out of my pussy and drowned my mind.

Gods damn, yes! panted the paladin as my pussy wrung him dry.

Mmm, I bet that was so good, Monica purred. I know it was good for me.

I smiled and lifted my head, my orgasm dying down. Grunts from across the fire drew my attention. Stefan's expression twisted in passion. Illina rode him while Barg fucked her in the ass. I licked my lips.

That mage is handsome, isn't he? Monica said.

Shudders ran through me. To have another mage to control with my pussy... He would get me back my necklace. He's attractive.

I will warn him about you, Alloria, Bryce said, ripping his cock out of my pussy.

You're no fun, I pouted and turned around. You just want me loving your cock all the time.

Mmm, love him. Monica moaned. Let me love you. You're full of his seed.

How had my life changed so rapidly so fast? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina

Sir Dimhead slammed his cock into Lady Bitchface's cunt. She devoured Monica, who still had pearly jizz on her face that I would love to lick off. But I had a new cock to enjoy. Stefan's cock dripped with the saliva of his angel.

That would be perfect to ride.

I pressed my hairless pussy on his dick. I humped up and down him, grinding on him. I licked my lips, the salty flavor of Barg's cum lingering on them. Stefan stared up at me, his goatee drenched in my pussy cream.

You're a clockwork of Krab, he said, staring in awe at me.

I rolled my eyes. This is why I don't tell people. I don't like standing out.

With that red hair...? Stefan said, staring up at me.

I rolled my eyes. I can dye it if I have to. And it does have its uses.

I bet it does, he said. A thief, huh? Why does a Paladin of Lagu need a thief?

To break into the Goddess of Crime's vault, I said. I thought we covered this. Your angel got it, didn't she.

Partly, Ahlona said. Though I do not understand what you need the Ambrosia for in Cernere's Black Vault.

I shrugged my shoulders. Not my business. Talk to Sir Muttonhead. I'm just getting paid to do the impossible. I winked down at Stefan. And fuck a cute mage or three.

Or three? he asked and then groaned as my pussy lips slid up to the tip of his cock. Then I pressed down on him. I groaned at the feel of him sliding in me.

You never know, I cooed. One might be better at licking pussy than you.

Gods, he panted as I swallowed inch after inch of his cock.

Yep. That's a pussy designed and created by a god, I said. I'm an exact copy of my mother, who's a copy of her mother and on and on to the daughters the original birthed after getting fucked by Las. Savor it.

I am, he groaned. His hands shot up to cup my breasts. He squeezed my little tits. He kneaded them, thumbs sweeping over the tips.

I gasped in delight. The pleasure shot through my body. My cunt clenched around his cock. Then I glanced at Barg watching us, his dick soaked in saliva. I wiggled my hips and arched an eyebrow in invitation.

If Ahlona won't fuck you, I have an open hole.

As always, you are a generous and loving beauty, Illina, Barg said and crouched behind me.

I shuddered at the feel of his cock sliding into my butt-crack. I glanced at Ahlona. She masturbated her angel-pussy through a thin slit in her chastity belt that let her finger just slip in and rub at her cunt. She watched with utter delight.

Barg found my asshole. He pressed forward. My asshole surrendered to his familiar cock. To that wonderful shaft I knew so well. I groaned as he pressed deeper and deeper into my anal sheath. He stretched out my backdoor.

Gods, yes! I moaned. Cernere's black fingers, I like that. Ooh, that's good. That's just the best.

I wiggled my hips from side to side. I stirred my cunt around that thick cock. I loved the feel of his dick in me. My cunt ground against his pubic bone. Sparks burst. They flooded through me. Such a delight to savor.

My hair danced around my shoulders as Barg bottomed out in me. I had two wonderful and thick cocks filling my holes. I planted my hands on Stefan's chest and stared down into his eyes. A rainbow amulet gleamed on his chest.

I nudged it with a thumb. So you're really devoted to Pater, huh? Bit of a daddy's boy.

It was my mother's, he said, looking away.

I winced. Sorry, didn't mean to throw water on our bonfire. I squeezed my pussy around his cock and slid up him. Let my pussy just soothe it all away.

Gods, yes, he groaned, his face contorting.

Does her pussy please you, Stefan? Ahlona asked, her finger rubbing faster up and down her twat through the slit in the chastity belt.

Yes! he groaned.

I grinned and then gasped as Barg drew back. As I slammed down Stefan's cock, Barg's hammered back into me. His dick stimulated my asshole, the velvety friction melting down to my pussy stuffed full with another delicious cock.

I ground my pubic bone into that dick. I reveled in grinding against him. This pleasure shot through me. My hips wiggled from side to side, savoring his thickness. Both their thicknesses. Pleasure washed through my body as I had two cocks to love.

I worked my cunt up and down his Stefan's shaft while Barg's sodomized me with powerful strokes. His hairless balls smacked into my taint over and over again. I rotated my hips. I stirred my holes around their cocks plundering me, reveling in every moment of their dicks filling me up. 

I loved it.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned as Barg hammered me and I worked my cunt up and down Stefan's cock. Cernere's black cunt, you two are studs!

Indeed! My Stefan has an amazing cock! Ahlona moaned. She now worked her one finger in and out of her pussy. Her other hand groped her round tit. Golden light danced around her. Enjoy him, Illina!

Gods, I am!

I whimpered, hair dancing. My pussy clenched hard, drinking in that silky friction while Barg slammed his dick deep into my anal depths. My orgasm climbed closer and closer. These two dicks were amazing. Stefan grunted. Barg groaned.

Jolly good! he panted. Illina, your asshole never fails to please.

Her pussy mustn't either, panted Stefan. Slata's hairy cunt, you're going to wring my cock dry.

Mmm, good! I moaned, my hips dancing from right to left, stirring myself around their dicks. I wanted to be gasping. Cumming. Just exploding in delight.

Barg slammed hard into me, his knot swelling. I groaned at that. I loved it when he tied me. My bowels clenched on his cock while I rode Stefan's cock faster. The mage's hands cupped my small breasts. He squeezed them.

The pleasure assaulted me from so many directions. My nipples massaged by Stefan's thumbs. Barg's knot hammered at my tight asshole, my anal ring stretching more and more with his every thrust. My pussy slid up and down Stefan's cock, drinking in the friction. The wonderful bliss.

All of them carried me towards my orgasm. My nervous system conducted all that rapture through me. My heart's rhythm thudded so fast. Thoughts whirled, mental cogs turning in delight as Barg snarled and rammed forward.

He drove his knot past my anal ring.

Cernere's black cunt! I howled.

Illina! he snarled.

Hot cum pumped into my bowels. I slammed down Stefan's cock, my clit grinding into his bush and pubic bone. Sparks erupted. I joined my barguest in cumming. My bowels writhed around his erupting cock while my pussy spasmed with eager hunger around Stefan's cock.

Slata's hairy cunt and heaving tits! he cried out and erupted.

His cum fired into my pussy. I groaned, loving the rush of two men cumming in me. I wiggled my hips from side to side, milking both their cocks. Barg's arms held me tight. Stefan massaged my tits. I loved this. I savored this wonderful bliss.

Then Barg pulled me off of Stefan. He stretched us out on our sides beside the mage. I trembled there, knotted to my barguest. His cock was stuck in my asshole, filling me up while Stefan's cum leaked out of me. 

I didn't store any of his cum.

I panted, my heart thudding away and my nervous system tingling with bliss. What a wonderful night this had turned into. Turning enemies into profit. A mage could be useful at the Vault. My mother didn't have one. I'd have to think about that. 

Ahlona ducked her head down and licked my cum off Stefan's cock. I watched in a half-daze as he produced a key, unlocked the belt, and then devoured her pussy. She squirmed atop him, the pair loving each other. 

They were so cute together. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Leywife Monica

It was much later when Bryce pulled me to his body. He brushed a strand of my hair from the side of my head. Alloria slept beside us. The others were sleeping, too. Stefan had set up his bedroll and slept with his angel. Illina slept in Barg's arms.

I wanted to join them, but I smiled up at my knight. He slid his strong body on me. Not satisfied yet.

You were amazing today, he said. His finger stroked my cheek.

A shuddered. I was just doing what I had to.

Will you be my wife, Monica? he asked. Will you marry me beneath the auspices of the Goddess of Law?

Of course, I said, a smile spreading over my lips. I love you, Bryce. Joy rushed through me. I would heal his broken heart. I could never replace his wife, but I could take my place beside her in his thoughts. I knew she would be happy with that. 

We would kill the Lawbreaker, save Pater, and settle down. I was certain we'd find a way to free him from Alloria by then. And if not, she could live with us. I could share him with another wife. I didn't have a problem with polygamy. Either way, he would be such a strong father to the growing demigod in me.

I love you, Monica, he said, his voice a hoarse whisper.

He kissed me.

I groaned into his strong lips and trembled beneath him. My heart pounded in my chest. His cock stood poised to enter me. That amazing shaft that I loved so much being in me. He rubbed it up and down my hot flesh. I shuddered beneath him, my toes curling.

Then he slid into me.

I bucked, my breasts rubbing into his brawny chests. I clung to him tight as his cock pressed deeper into my cunt. He reached and reached into my pregnant pussy's depths. My twat gripped him. My entire body trembled. Our tongues dueled and danced.

My toes curled. I wrapped my legs around him. My fingernails bit into his back as I savored him. He growled into the kiss as he drew back. I trembled at the hot stimulation. The pleasure washed through my body.

Then he buried back into me. He plunged his cock into my juicy twat. The pleasure surged through my body. It was such a treat to have him in me. I groaned, my heart bursting with the delight. His whiskers rubbed on my lips and cheeks as he kissed me.

Then he broke it, groaning, Monica!

Yes, yes, my husband! I moaned, savoring his dick burying deep and hard into my pussy. I love you, Bryce!

Yes! he grunted.

I kissed over his face, smooching him as my joy surged through me. It mixed with the wild pleasure his cock churned in my cunt. His every thrust brought me closer and closer to that moment of eruption. A wild bliss that would burst through me. Consume me.

Drown me in his love.

My pussy clung to him, drinking in the friction, giving him bliss. His chest rubbed into my nipples as he thrust atop me. Our bodies moved and heaved. His wiry pubic hair pressed into my shaved pussy lips at the end of his every stroke.

He filled me again and again. Over and over, his cock drove to the hilt in me. It was incredible to experience. I reveled in it. The bliss was outstanding. I groaned, my pussy clenching around his cock. The pleasure surged through my body.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, that's it! That's incredible! Don't stop doing that to me! I'm going to cum so hard on this cock!

Good! he growled. He buried into me hard. The plunges were powerful. He rammed into me again and again. 

Yes, that's amazing! I moaned. My pussy clenched around his dick. The pleasure surged through me. Oh, Bryce! I'm going to cum on your cock. I'm going to cum on my husband's dick!

Gods, yes!

He buried hard into me. His cock filled me to the hilt. I shuddered beneath him. My pussy clenched and squeezed and gripped his cock. I reveled in it. His dick slammed to the hilt in me over and over again.

Alloria stirred beside us. The busty, Valyan woman rolled onto her side, her breasts piling together as she stared at us. Starting without me?

I'm marrying him! I gasped.

Alloria smiled. She seemed genuinely happy. That's amazing. Then she blinked. I'm... joyful for you.

Don't sound shocked! I gasped, my pussy building and building towards an explosive climax. Bryce and I love each other! You should be happy when people unite!

I just... I haven't... It's been a long time since I cared about anyone but myself. She shuddered. Congratulations.

Thanks! I moaned. Oh, Bryce! I'm almost there! Oh, yes, yes!

Bryce slammed into me. His cock filled me to the hilt. I gasped at how thick and long he was. My back arched, my nipples pressing into his chest. The pleasure surged through me. My labia and clit drank in his wiry pubic hair. My pussy squeezed around his dick as he pulled back for his next plunge.

My orgasm surged over me.

Slata's hairy cunt! I howled. And Pater's huge cock!

Bryce snarled and slammed into my convulsing pussy. His balls smacked into my taint. My pussy spasmed around his cock, reveling in him. His face twisted. Hot cum fired into my pussy. Spurt after spurt of his hot cum pumped into me again and again.

I gasped and moaned, trembling beneath him. My eyes grew so wide. My pussy spasmed with such hunger around his cock. I drowned in his jizz as he spilled over and over into me. His dark eyes met mine.

Let Lagu, Goddess of Laws, sanctify our marriage and preserve its sacred bonds! he prayed as he spurted more of his jizz in me. I felt the Goddess's touch shiver through me. It wrapped around my pussy.

And his cock buried in it.

Oh, yes, Lagu! I gasped. Bless us! Bless our marriage. I love your paladin!

My pussy convulsed with wild passion around his cock. The pleasure surged through me. Stars danced before my eyes. I hit that wonderful peak of ecstasy as I milked out the last of his cum. I shuddered there beneath him, panting, whimpering.

We're married! I howled to the night. Oh, Bryce, I'm your wife!

Great, Illina muttered. Happy for you, but trying to sleep!

I didn't care. I was Sir Bryce's wife. I kissed him with hunger as he trembled atop me. Our future would be so bright and rosy once we had saved Pater and avenged our loved ones upon the vile Lawbreaker. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Illina  The Trades, Ten-It Forest

The next day, my excitement mounted. We were here. The Trades.

The road opened onto a collection of huts built along a forest glade. Monica looked up from the happy newlywed daze she'd been in all morning, pulling her gaze from staring at Bryce as he rode beside her.

Oh, my, she said. It's so... small.

It's as big as it needs to be, I said.

Traders stood beside their wagons, talking with the graceful elves. They were all slender and gorgeous, naked and unashamed. They moved with a natural grace, their skin tinged with various hues of green, their hairs the color of foliage in all seasons. They had breasts large and small. They glanced at us, smiling.

One even had a cock thrusting out from her pussy lips. She stroked it as she stared with undisguised hunger at us. I grinned at her, so eager to find Shasti, get my supplies, and enjoy as many of these sexy hermaphrodite elves as I could.

Then we would be off for the vault.

Illina? a woman called. What are you doing here? 

To be continued...
