Sarah
by HighKingsman

SARAH CH. 01

Indian Medical college exhibitionist girl

Sarah was a beautiful young girl in a reputed medical college. She had all things going for her but all for nothing she would think. There was nobody who was able to match the frequency. Some were just into her for sex and so was she but it was nothing deep. They were just superficial. She needed more. She needed to be just be comfortable in her skin with someone of the opposite sex and with her ravenous sexual appetite which she couldn't actually reveal to others, made her more reserved.

She was born and brought up in a small town in a very conservative family with strict parents and she was always repeatedly forced to be someone she wasn't. She was good with studies so she found her way out of the clutches of her overbearing family living alone in the hostel. The winds were about to change.

She was now in her internship and starting out with clinical postings. She met a few seniors from different places and then she struck a chord with a senior named Ajay. He was good looking with those deep eyes you could have a conversation with. The rumour around him was that he had a bad breakup with someone and now was "single and ready to mingle".

Just her stupid luck she realised that though she is posted in the same specialty she's not in the same unit as him. She was just cursing her luck when came a double whammy... she was supposed to do a night duty too. Just as she was coming to terms with the news and walking out of the office she murmured "fuck it" under her breath exasperated and just then the same guy crossed her, he turned around and smiled at her and said "sure". She was shocked for a moment but before she could mouth any more words, he was gone.

She was working with patients and writing notes when a nice whiff of a masculine perfume wafted through the air, she looked around and saw Ajay was on night duty too. She looked at him and tried to look away but she quickly realised he was heading right towards her. He spoke to her about some patient and both of them quickly got to work. Just while working he asked her if she could get dinner for both of them and maybe they could have it together. She smiled and happily obliged.

As they ate food she thought to herself "His voice is so calm and soothing". While the entire duty was quite hectic but somehow with him being around, it made things quite calm in her mind. The next day also passed by with so much work and there were a few hand brushes here and there but there was not much to it. It did appear like accident. He had her attention and she had his. Both of them knew it by the next evening.

Sarah was exhausted and leaving the department when Ajay called from behind "Sarah!! Wait up!!". She turned around and smiled and asked "is there more work?" He laughed and said "yes.. but it's personal.. What are you doing in the evening?"

He's moving too fast... she thought to herself but couldn't bring herself to say no with him smiling and looking like that. She replied sure.

He took her number and then called her later to join at around 7PM for a coffee. She dressed up wearing a nice black mini skirt and dabbed a little perfume and walked out of the hostel. She managed to turn a few heads as she walked out to the coffee shop. He was already there and he complimented her saying that she looked very pretty. The weather was nice though the sky did look a little overbearing. They were sitting outside and just as luck would have it... it started to pour. They quickly paid and left and as they started to walk out rain lashed so heavily that both of them were drenched and it was difficult to even walk. He indicated to her that it was not possible for her to reach her hostel. Rather she should come with him. She followed him blindly as he held out his hand to her. Within a few moments they were in shade and the rain beat in the ground almost relentlessly.

He then said "come... this is my apartment building. You can dry off and go back when the rain stops a little." She had no option but to agree. First date and drenched and directly into the apartment of the guy. It was moving fast... but maybe it was just destined to happen.

As they entered, she was pleasantly surprised as to how clean his apartment was! He asked her to stand there and immediately went in to get a towel for both of them. As they dried off, he asked her if she would want to change. She really did need to change as she was wet down to her bra and underwear. She nodded and thought to herself... let's see what this guy offers. And headed towards the bathroom.

He offered her a choice... between a long shirt and a shortish T shirt. Both appeared almost as long as her miniskirt though. She picked the buttoned shirt thinking that it will appear modest. Once inside she quickly undressed when suddenly there was a loud noise and lights went out. Ajay knocked on the door and told her that the transformer of the area just blew and lights won't be back soon. She dried herself and wearing the shirt and looking a couple of times in the mirror she stepped out rolling her clothes into a ball.

Once she stepped out, she noticed that Ajay was standing at the door wearing just shorts and in the slight light trickling from outside, he looked absolutely amazing. She felt herself tingling and Ajay turned around and looking at her he said "I hope you don't mind."

Sarah just shrugged her shoulders and sat on the sofa. The rain was falling really hard and the rumbling thunderstorm made it appear that there would be no respite. Ajay looked at her and asked "fancy taking a bath in the rain? With Vodka in hand?"

Sarah feeling frisky just giggled and replied "why not?!"

Ajay quickly produced a bottle and a couple of glasses and poured some Vodka for both of them. Once they both stood at the door and Ajay indicated that he's going out. She nodded and followed. Both with a glass of vodka in hand clinked cheers and started to drink... rain water was the mixer. The wind was cool and they were drenched in no time. As they laughed and splashed water on each other and having a drink, they both were having a great time. Lightning appeared suddenly in the sky and with a loud sound it cracked and Sarah reflexively hugged Ajay. Ajay hugged her back and kissed her on her lips and her lips responded almost automatically without her even thinking if she wanted to respond.

She almost melted in his arms as their kiss grew deeper and their tongues began to explore each other's mouth. She started to feel dizzy and then came another loud noise and the whole area plunged into darkness as whatever little streetlights were there also went out. Not wanting to break their kiss, Lavanya pulled his head further towards herself and Ajay responded aggressively.

After a few minutes when they finally broke the kiss, Ajay indicated if she would want to have a little more to drink and she nodded and raised her glass in response. He got up to get the bottle and Sarah quickly surveyed the situation. The shirt was stuck to her like a second skin and was quite translucent now, the shape of her breasts was well pronounced and her erect nipples made themselves pretty obvious. Her long legs shiny from the Vaseline barely let any water droplets cling to her skin. She did look quite hot she thought to herself and Ajay was indeed quite a gentleman. Even in the prolonged kiss, he made no attempt to grab her or do anything funny... although she did want his hand on her bare skin.

She broke out of her reverie when Ajay came out with the bottle of Vodka and indicated if she was okay with sitting on the floor and he quickly sat down as rain continued to pour, she too sat down with her legs extended with the shirt barely covering her butt and just covering her pussy as she sat down in the balcony.

Ajay poured both of them a drink as Sarah indicated to him to only pour a little bit. Once again they began to chat and Ajay complimented her on her looks. Sarah blushed a little in response and the topics changed effortlessly from one to other. Sarah out of the blue said "imagine a girl being seen sitting like this... obviously without a bra... wet... in the open... it would be a major scandal!"

Ajay smiled and said "look around Sarah! Who could possibly see you here?!" She quickly looked around and realised that he was indeed right. There was nobody in sight and it was otherwise quite dark... "And, as a matter of fact... even if you were naked right now... nobody would be able to see you... I mean apart from me of course and he flashed a cheeky smile. Sarah laughed nervously and asked "is it a dare?"

Ajay unsure of what to say for a moment hesitated and replied a confident "yes".

Sarah got up standing straight replied "Ajay, I dare you too!"

Ajay swallowed his remaining drink and got up. Sarah started to unbutton the shirt... Out in the open balcony and as she undid the last button, she looked dead into Ajay's eyes slowly peeled away the shirt which had been clinging to her body. Every passing second seemed to last a couple more minutes as her head throbbed to it's own beat. It felt to her almost as if she was removing her old skin, a part of her that she wanted to give up... would this be the moment when she would finally turn into the butterfly she wanted to be. She let the shirt drop to the floor... away from her her... now there was no place to hide... she was naked as the day she was born and the shirt had now plopped with a splash to the floor. Ajay admired her body and was lost for a moment when he quickly realised that Sarah made no efforts to cover herself. Her breasts stood proudly on her chest and her nipples looked like proud little raspberries. Her pussy was clean shaven he could make out but he was still a bit surprised as she still made no attempt to cover herself. He smiled and said "you're beautiful" and kissed her cheek and said "I guess it's my turn now" and dropped his shorts his cock jumped into sight almost as it was saluting Sarah. Sarah looked at it for a moment and indicated to Ajay to pour another one for both of them.

With both of them standing naked... they did a cheers and Ajay said "to new beginnings" and their glasses clinked. They continued to stand and sip their drinks looking at each other almost longingly... waiting for the other person to make the first move. Ajay was the first one to move and he picked up the now discarded shirt and shorts and vanished inside the house. Sarah found it a bit strange but she was lost in the sensation of the rain falling on her bare skin and her being naked in the open. She felt as of the air was hugging her from all around. Ajay was now back and he held her hand and indicated for her to follow him. She quietly followed and as she realised that he was taking her to the stairs she stopped him for a moment and asked "what's your plan?" He smiled and said "are you daring enough go to the rooftop like this."

Sarah smiled and changing positions, she took the lead and started to climb upstairs. There were no clothes in sight. No way to cover her modesty in any way. And Ajay had a superb view of her butt as she climbed up. Soon they were at a small landing and they could almost hear voices of people so both of them stopped and Ajay put his head up and realised that a few buildings away there were some people on the roof top too. They stood there for a moment ensure of what to do when Ajay made the move and kissed Sarah again.

Sarah responded passionately and grabbed his cock firmly in her hand. Then it felt almost as the gears had changed and Ajay picked her up and pinned her to the wall at the landing as their bodies mashed into each other. He quickly moved down and licking her cleavage he looked right into her eyes and said "can you see those people?" She nodded yes and Ajay immediately but her passionately on her breasts. She winced and pushed his head a little away and said "easy boy". And within the next moment she realised that she was herself raring to down and put his cock in her mouth. As she took the first lick at the bulbous head, Ajay murmured "yeah Sarah" and that almost turned an engine inside her as she bobbed her head up and down his shaft.

He had now grabbed her by her hair and forcing her to go down the entire length which took some effort but she swallowed his entire cock until her nose touched his belly. Damn! That is one nice and thick cock she thought to herself. She looked at his eyes kneeled down in front of him and it rained from above and she felt uncontrollably kinky. She wanted him to grab her and fuck her senseless.

Almost as if reading her mind, he grabbed her by her neck and pulled her up like a rag doll and put her on the stairs. She was positioned in a such a way that she could look at those people from her vantage point and he started to push into her pussy. As it stretched to adjust him she felt waves of pleasure taking over her. He was now fully inside her and she felt full and satisfied. She grabbed his hips as he started to move in and out of her finding a quick rhythm.

The rain had stopped and the road was still silent. And now only there were sounds of her moaning and the sounds of their bodies smashing together. She turned a little to again see if people were still out there and felt a little sad that they had left while she was being fucked in the open. Ajay sensed that she wanted to enjoy that feeling picked her up and with her still placed on her cock climbed up stairs onto the open roof.

He put her down and indicated for her to get on top of him and bounce on his cock while she could continue to watch people now beginning to move around on the road... oblivious to the naked girl as she impaled herself on the hard cock repeatedly. An orgasm hit her like a lightening as a two wheeler stopped and looked around to see from where was the sound coming but owing to the darkness he couldn't see Sarah naked on the rooftop on a hard cock orgasming and shaking like a leaf in storm.



