Four months to reach the end of the steppes and follow the path of a frozen river down to the coast.
John scrambled ahead of the rest of them, eager for the sea, for a glimpse of what they'd come so far to find. Rodney followed, watching his footing, and only looked up, caught by the sight of John, silhouetted against the gray glare of the sky, when he spoke.

"Christ."

Teyla made her way past Rodney, deft and balanced as always, joining John while Rodney still picked his way through the snow and rocks.

"It is not welcoming," she said.

"No," John agreed.

Rodney's boot slipped and he cursed it and the stone and damp equally, including Ronon and John in his half voiced tirade as well. His ankle turned and he flailed and grunted, sure he was going to fall. John caught his hand though and steadied him. Ronon and Kerren were behind him and Rodney let John pull him the rest of the way up to the vantage point so that they could get by him and see too.

A huge bay opened out before them. Rodney had to admit, it was impressive, in a frozen and dreary way.

No trees, no animals, no plant life of any kind that he could spot and Rodney shuddered at the bleak prospect. They had reached the colorless end of the world, a barren black sand beach edged in glass-smooth ice, where the snow melted into endless pewter water under an overcast sky. An ice shelf stretched across the northern horizon.

John was staring out over the sea.

The smell of the sea, salt and alive, was all that kept it from utter desolation. Rodney couldn't imagine why the people from the settlement had come so far even once. It could only have been psychological pressure, maybe actual psychosis, and the urge to keep moving caused by the cullings that lingered and pushed them on even after they'd reached the safety of Jom. Like Ronon, who ran through Atlantis' halls even after he didn't need to run from the Wraith. Like still painting glyphs on John's skin when they'd escaped Selket almost a year past.

He drew in a panting, tired breath. At least they'd reached the sea. No more constant trek across the white steppes that seemed to never end, no more huddling in a tupek while winter storms shrieked down from the north and they could do nothing but wait them out. The edge of the sea wasn't welcoming, true, but it was clean and empty and beautiful the way he remembered Antarctica. He hoped that at last they'd come to a stopping place.

Ronon handed Kerren his binoculars and the older man scanned the coast line. At last, Kerren lowered them and smiled.

"Not bad."

"Not bad?" Rodney echoed. Kerren had obviously lost his mind. "We're in the back of beyond nowhere."

"We're one bay north of the permanent camp," Kerren said. He pointed south, saying to Ronon, "Remember that point? The ice is already gone."

Ronon looked into the distance, squinting a little, then nodded. "I took the boat around it." He looked northward. "A lot of ice is gone."

"But it's winter," Rodney objected.

"Spring," Kerren contradicted. "Another couple weeks and the river we used will break up."

"Oh, that makes me feel wonderful and safe," Rodney said. He peered northward too. "You realize this probably means this planet is in the midst of a major climatological change?" He shaded his eyes with his hand, compensating for the strange overcast glare from the gray sky. "Where's the city?"

Ronon pointed to the ice shelf.

"Of course, it couldn't be easy." Rodney gave the deceptively smooth waves a jaundiced look. "I don't like boats, especially small ones."

"You'll be okay," Ronon said.

"I have issues with drowning."

"How permanent is the camp we'll be going to?" Teyla asked as Kerren and Ronon started back, following them.

"We floated logs up from the south and put up buildings on skids," Kerren explained.

"Skids," Rodney echoed, giving John a horrified look. John grinned.

"Don't get your underwear in a twist," John said. "With any luck, in a few days, once everyone is settled in, we'll be in Ronon's city and you'll have enough technology at your fingertips to keep you happy the rest of your life."

Rodney snorted. He'd believe it when he saw it. Otherwise, he expected they'd have a long spring and summer of catching and preserving fish, then end up heading back to Jomesha, where he would never, ever stir again. They'd sell the druun to some brain-damaged explorer and use the money to build a house for John and himself. Maybe with a lab or the closest he could come. He might even take in some students, if he could find someone who wasn't too painfully stupid to teach. Write down everything he knew and had figured out. It would take years, but with his knowledge as a leg up, Jom would be able to outstrip any other civilization left in Pegasus. He could save them several hundred years of wrong turns and experimentation.

Not quite the legacy he'd imagined once, but a worthwhile one.

John had pulled his own binoculars out of a coat pocket and aimed them northward while Rodney was ruminating.

"It's there," he told Rodney.

"Really?" Rodney's voice cracked, high and hopeful. He'd told himself it wouldn't matter, but it did.

"Really," John said and handed the binoculars over.

"I can't—"

John took his shoulders and faced him toward the city. "Now look." He left one hand on Rodney's shoulder, warm and strong through the leather and fur of his coat, and pointed with the other, pressed close to Rodney's back, as Rodney put the binoculars to his eyes again, looking across the water.

He found a faint blueish shimmer of a shield. He tried to focus on what lay behind the shield, but couldn't pick out more than the faintest hint of towers that seemed taller than Atlantis'.

"Oh," Rodney whispered. "It is. Not that I doubted Ronon or anything but it didn't seem real..."

"Yeah," John agreed.

"I wish we could go there right now."

They had to get down to the permanent camp first. Check out the boats and let the rest of the people settle in. Someone would want to have a celebration that they'd arrived. It would be days before they could continue on to the city. The city that had been there thousands of years. A few more days wouldn't matter, but it made him ache anyway.

"We'll get there," John promised.

Rodney lifted the binoculars to his eyes again and stared at the shimmer until the light changed and the glare off the water obscured it.

~*~

The slush-sluck of the oars dipping in the black, icy water echoed through the fog. Their breath smoked out, tiny beads of ice crystallizing on the fur-trimmed edges of the hoods on their parkas. Ramparts of ice, glowing blue and green and eerie white, loomed out of the pre-dawn. The boats threaded between heights that creaked and growled, towering far overhead, pinching shadows at water level. Water lapped against the ice walls.

Ronon sat at the stern of the boat, stroking an oar to one side and then the other, guiding them after the other boats. Even he was bundled into an insulated, fur-lined parka against the freezing temperature. John huddled deeper into the furs piled around him and wondered why he'd agreed to come to this planet, Ancient city or not. Despite the cold-weather gear and the blankets and furs, the cold crept in and made him shake.

If they went into the water, they were dead, hypothermia an even faster, deadlier threat than drowning.

He would have demanded Ronon turn back if Rodney hadn't been in the boat ahead of them and Teyla in the last one.

Something large crested out of the water ahead of them with a slushy splash, a great dark dorsal fin sliding knife-like back through the water and a snake-tail slapping down sharp as a gun-crack. The sound echoed back from the maze of shifting, floating ice.

"Iq'qaba," Ronon grunted.

John shivered.

"Touli says they're smart."

Big predators often were. He didn't say anything, because his teeth were beginning to chatter, despite being clenched. 

Ronon dipped the oar back in the water with a quiet splat. John watched the surface, the ripples that didn't come from the boats or the current, and held his breath when something massive nudged against the keel. The boat rose several inches. Ronon slapped the oar against the water, the noise shocking and loud. The iq'qaba responded, retreating, and John sucked in a breath at last. He knew that one hadn't been nearly as large as the iq'qaba grew, he'd watched through his binoculars from the camp as they drove fish into the bay the last two days, but it was still huge and far more alien than Rodney's pseudowhales had been, sleek and black and eel-like. Nothing mammalian about the iq'qaba, the closer they were the stranger they appeared and their inky bodies were covered in something neither scale nor skin, something oily and iridescent that he didn't want to touch.

"Shit, that's too damn close."

Ronon chuckled.

Ahead, a black crevasse opened between the ice walls. Ronon steered them after the other boats. The side of their boat scraped against the ice on each side, too narrow for the iq'qaba to follow them through, and then the passage widened into a shallow skim of water over an ice shelf. Where the water gave way, the ice had been chipped into rough steps. John followed them up and up to where the sun reflected diamond-brilliant off frozen spires familiar and strange all at once.

Alterran architecture, dizzyingly taller than Atlantis' towers. He knew instinctively that this city had never flown nor been meant to.

He heard Rodney's excited exclamation.

"An Ancestor's city," Ronon agreed. John looked down again and glimpsed the white flash and gleam of Ronon's sly smile, framed by his beard. "Figure it will open for you and McKay."

John turned around. "Hurry up," he said, watching as the other boats were beached ahead of them, Teyla stepping from her boat with grace and Rodney scrambling out, dragging some of his furs in the water, his face already upturned, eyes alight with wonder. He couldn't wait long enough to keep his own feet dry either and splashed out onto the ice steps and up to where the shield sheared the ice away like a knife.

"We might need the jumper to interface with the security protocols," Rodney said. He was leaning as close to the shield as he could, peering through the faint shimmer at what looked very much like a grounding station with a set of stairs that angled until they merged into carved stone, bedrock that formed a cliff until it disappeared into the ice and water where they stood.

John didn't hesitate. He could feel the equipment just beyond the shield registering them, cataloging them as alive, as bipedal primates, as probable sentients, as possessors of the same genetic sequence that formed its locks. The shield shimmered apart before him as he went up the stairs, his wet boots slapping from ice to stone without any hesitation.

"Come on," he called. He took Rodney's hand and Rodney reached back and took Teyla's. She formed the next link of the chain with Ronon. Hand in hand, all of them went up the sharp climb. The first metal stair rang like a bell when John reached it and above them lights flared on.

~*~

He used the Asgard-derived transporter beam to take him to the shore; the steps carved into the stone cliff were too steep and long for his aged and aching knees. It let him program exactly where he wanted to go and sent him there. The trio of ZPMs Rodney had created for the city after a decade's work meant John didn't have to worry about how much power it took. He tucked the remote that would return him to gate room into the pocket of his jacket and started up the beach. Black sand shifted under his boots, firm packed and wet. The curve of the shore took him beyond the point and out of sight of most of the city. If he looked back and up, he would still see the great spires already sparkling with lights, the tops dyed brilliant red by the lowering sun.
John looked north instead, to where the three moons, Yem, Doh, and Bwet, hung each half full, forming a slowly spinning triangle.

The glacier and icebergs that had half-hidden Vineta when they first arrived were gone, a blue-white line to the north that eventually joined the snowy mountains to the east, but the wind off the water that played through his hair still carried the promise of ice. John shivered a little and pulled his jacket closer. He felt the cold these days, felt it most in the night when he reached for someone who wasn't there any longer, but winter was really coming. The herdsmen would bring the druun south with the snows soon.

The waves lapping at the sand weren't loud enough to mask the sound of foot steps shushing over the sand somewhere behind him. John smiled to himself and kept walking. Jerin had followed him. Jerin worried about him, had worried about him and Rodney for years, even before Rodney's seizures began and they realized what they portended. Jerin had figured it out faster than anyone but Rodney and John, much sooner than Haro and Jomma. 

John's children had visited more than once, but they hadn't been very close in years. Hadn't, he admitted to himself ruefully, been close ever. Ronon had been father to Haro and Jomma more than he had been. In the end, he didn't regret it; he'd had his time with Rodney and given them as much love as he could, even given them parents who could be there for them better than him. Haro and Jomma had had good childhoods. Haro had gradually assumed responsibility for Vineta as John devoted more and more of his time to Rodney's failing health. Jomma had duty aboard the Carceres. First officer fit her well, she'd always had more in common with Ronon than Teyla or him.

He knew Jerin was afraid he'd do something stupid. Swim out into the sea until he couldn't make it back. Pull out the old nine millimeter Beretta that had come from Atlantis with him and use it. Maybe just sit out all night until the cold took him.

The last one sounded almost appealing. Cold on the beach, cold in Vineta, cold in Ganeda and Teyla's guest room if he bothered to go back to Jomesha. It didn't matter to him anymore.

He'd spent the last week making preparations to go back the Shipyard, packing his belongings, but had no heart for it. Without Rodney, not even Ancient technology could make it more than a tin can in space. Vineta had become unbearable, too, filled with reminders. He expected Rodney's voice to echo in the lab spaces and their quarters the way they had for so many years. He looked for his broad-shouldered silhouette when he rounded corners in the halls. He reached for him in the night.

Once he'd been a loner, but for half a century he been with Rodney nearly every day.

He was lonely.

Jerin probably wondered why the hell he'd come down here. Rodney's name had been called from the highest tower of Vineta, his last work sent back to Atlantis through Genii back channels along with all the medical data on the slow, painful degeneration that they'd finally linked to Beckett's gene therapy coming back to haunt them. Rodney had insisted on sending a ZPM, too. John had included a letter for Jeannie, if she was still alive, or Madison, if she wasn't, with the key to the cypher all of Rodney's work had been written in. Writing in English had been strangely surreal after so many years, the inked words elegantly delicate and spidery compared to Alterran. There would be no answer; Jom still didn't have diplomatic relations with Atlantis.

There were no memorials or grave stones on Jom. The three-fourths-built ship slowly accreting via nanobots out in the asteroid belt would be the Makkae. Rodney and he had spent most of the second half of their lives bringing the Shipyard back online, finishing the Carceres and designing the new ship. There would be others after it, built to hunt the Wraith. That would be memorial enough for both of them.

He thought Jomma would end up in command of one.

No, he'd come down to the beach for the scent, the salt sea smell that took him back to their first sight of Vineta, for the distant splash of an iq'qaba playing in the bay, and even the faded but still precious memories of Atlantis' ocean and his childhood days beside the Pacific.

It would have been sweet to walk beside the Pacific with Rodney, but he didn't regret that they had never been able to do that. They'd had their ocean and sometimes John felt like all the oceans he'd seen were all the same, all part of some greater sea that existed in and of itself.

No regrets, he thought again.

Rodney had said that toward the end, before the paralysis stole his words. "The gene therapy was worth it," he'd said. "It isn't like I would have lived much longer than this any way. What's a few seizures compared to being able to wake a sleeping city twice?"

"You've mellowed," John had murmured, aching because he'd always been afraid of being the one left behind. He'd traced the never forgotten glyphs on Rodney's papery palms. Treasured. Learned.

Loved.

"No, it's just a clear risk/reward ratio," Rodney had contradicted him. "Send Atlantis the book I wrote."

"The poetry?" John asked with weak smile. All of it was about him and he still felt a little embarrassed by that.

Rodney couldn't swat at him, but he glared. "The encyphered ZPM manual. They're obviously still too stupid to figure out the ZPMs without my genius or they'd have them by now." He coughed and then grinned with a mixture of spite and glee. "Let them make heads or tails of it if they can."

"At least it isn't written in Selketi."

"Prettier if it had been," Rodney had murmured, his words slurring and his eyes fluttering shut.

John had pressed a dry kiss to his mouth then and tried to say the words. "You know I..."

Without opening his eyes, Rodney had grumbled, "Don't break anything trying to tell me how you feel."

"I do, though."

"I always knew."

A few days later, Rodney's breathing had stuttered to an end. John had been sitting in their bed with him, tucked close, and felt the final hitch of Rodney's chest, seen it in Rodney's eyes. He hadn't been surprised as the flesh under his hand dissolved into light. He'd had to close his eyes at the phantom caress that shivered through him, though. He'd spent a lot of time meditating after that, doing slow motion katas in one of the restored gardens. His body ached but his mind was at peace.

He drew in a deep breath.

No regrets.

He let go of the memory of Selket and the guilt he'd carried over leaving Dalal there that he'd carried every day. Like the lives he had taken and the lives he hadn't been able to save, she was beyond his power.

The iq'qaba in the bay crested high in the water with a slap of flippers and tail, the moan and boom of its voice echoing off the cliffs behind John. All the years they'd dwelled on Jom and they'd never been sure if the iq'qaba were sentient or not. Even the Ancestors hadn't known. He squinted and spotted the black curve of its body rising from the water briefly before it dove again, silhouetted for a breath against the last searing scarlet glimpse of setting sun turning the waves black and crimson.

The air seemed colder immediately.

John breathed out and waited as Jerin scrambled over the sand, his patience having run out. He came to a stop beside John and shifted restlessly. John hid a smile.

"It's too cold to be out here now," Jerin said querulously.

John turned his head enough to look at him. In the dusk, Jerin's profile could have been Rodney's; he had the same nose and skull shape. Jerin's coppery hair, inherited from Teyla, was thinning in the same pattern as Rodney's had. Sometimes it hurt to look at him. Mostly it made John happy.

"You sound like Rodney," he commented.

"I'll take that as a compliment," Jerin said. "Uncle John." He turned too and faced John. "I don't know why you came down here tonight, but it's time to go in."

John nodded.

"You're right," he said.

He set his hands on Jerin's shoulders, so wide, so like Rodney's had been it made John's breath catch, and dipped his head until Jerin reciprocated, strong hands gentle on John's shoulders, warm all the way through his coat, and they rested their foreheads together.

"It's time for me to go."

John stepped back and smiled at Jerin. Jerin looked startled and held out his hand. "Uncle John—"

It was no more than a simple side step. He'd been ready for years, had known without knowing all along. It was simple to finally shape himself into energy. The light from his Ascension flared across the sand and the ocean, reflected from Vineta's crystal and steel and Jerin's blue eyes, then John flashed starward, flying at last.

Above, Yem spun above Doh and Bwet. Below, Jerin turned and walked up the beach, his face turned to the sky as the stars came out.

My beloved is unto me as a cluster of camphire in the vineyards of Engedi.
Behold, thou art fair, my love; behold, thou art fair; thou has doves' eyes.
Behold, thou art fair, my beloved, yea, pleasant: also our bed is green.
The beams of our house are cedar, and our rafters of fir.
The Song of Solomon