   FOR ADULTS ONLY (OVER 21 YEARS OF AGE)
   --------------------------------------

Copyright c 1998 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved
This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit.  This 
story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice 
attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.


TITLE: AFRICAN NIGHTMARE


ABSTRACT:
Five white couples from Ohio go a long awaited cruise only to be 
kidnapped and captured by rebel forces in the tiny African 
country of Gyeria.  The ordeal they endure is told by one of the 
husbands - Philip. This is his story of how his and the other 
wives are forced into providing sex for hundreds of horny African 
rebel troops.  Since the wives lost all their luggage which 
contained their birth control pills, the husbands end up 
providing their wives an interesting form of oral birth control. 
At first Philip and the other husbands are only made to be 
maidservants to their wives and the troops.  Philip tells how 
later in their captivity, he and one of the other husbands 
functioned as much more for the troops.  Eventually, the couples 
escape and return home.  However, Philip discovers a change in 
his wife's attitude and has to cope with the changes she 
dictates.  Just when he's learn to accept his place into his 
wife's new marital order, up pops an intriguing surprise from the 
past.







NOTICE! THE CHARACTERS, NAMES, INCIDENTS, SCENES, STORY LINE DEPICTED, 
ETC., HEREIN ARE PURELY FICTIONAL. ANY RESEMBLANCE TO REAL PERSONS OR 
PLACES, LIVING OR DEAD, WAS NEVER INTENDED AND IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL.
----------------------------------------------------------------------




TITLE: AFRICAN NIGHTMARE
     
CAST OF MAIN CHARACTERS:
PHILIP/PHILLYS - WHITE HUSBAND FORCED INTO TRANSVESTITISM AND 
MADE TO RESPOND TO THE FEMININE VERSION OF HIS NAME

RITA: PHILIP'S WIFE
MOJITTU: BLACK REBEL COLONEL
NOGUTU: BLACK REBEL CAPTAIN
SERETA: NOGUTU'S AFRICAN GIRL FRIEND
 
     

     
	The African soldier was humping away while he made me stand 
in the corner and look.  As he got closer to coming, he suddenly 
stopped and asked "You want me to knock her up or do you wanna be 
a rubber for my load". I stood there dumfounded. My wife,  
panting heavily from his fucking her, spoke as best she could.
	"Gasp! ... I told him ... Gasp! ... about you sucking ... 
Gasp! ... pussy clean before... Gasp! ... to keep ... Gasp! ... 
me from getting ... Gasp! ... pregnant... Gasp! ... Sucking him 
off ... Gasp! ... will make it ... Gasp! ... easier for you ... 
Gasp! ... get it all ... Gasp! ... do it honey ... Gasp! ... suck 
him for me."
	I wasn't thrilled about becoming a cock sucker for this 
rugged looking muscle laden black soldier, but I couldn't fault 
my wife's logic.  I slowly walked over. He warned that he 
couldn't hold back much longer. My wife urged me on and reminded 
me for the hundreth time I was her only birth control.  His big 
long jutting black cock was all wet with her cunt juices and was 
palpitating.  Once again I knew I had no choice.  I had to do 
what had to be done to protect my wife. He pushed me to my knees 
and held a knife before my face warning me about biting him as he 
pushed his mammoth swollen dick between my lips. He started 
working it back and forth deeper into my mouth. As I totally 
submitted to him, and followed his instructions on how he wanted 
to be sucked, out the corner of my eye, my wife beamed a broad 
smile and uttered for me to grab his ass. The feel of his taunt 
muscular rear and hard bone between my sucking lips made me feel 
so humiliated and submissive, but yet excited as I knelt there in 
full view of her. Later he placed one of my hands on his huge 
balls.  I was fondling his bull size nuts as he shot off.  He 
spurted several forceful gushers of his pent up hot sperm.  There 
was so much to swallow, but I managed to get it all down. He held 
me to his semi-hard pole for a while and had me milk it 
thoroughly.
	As the Black soldier was getting dressed, my wife reminded 
me to thank him for being so considerate and kind. I meekly did 
as she requested. Later she congratulated me.
	"You were a good rubber for him darling. I'm proud of the 
way you took every bit of his load. Isn't that nice of him to 
spread the word to see if the other soldiers might want to let 
you do the same for them?"
       I could only say yes under the circumstances. It was about 
ten minutes later when another soldier came in for a fuck. Rita 
asked if he wanted to use me as a dump for his wad after he 
started fucking her. He agreed to my rubber act but only if I 
asked him. It was embarrassing to do so, but I did so with 
encouragement from my wife. Seven more soldiers came but only 
four agreed to me being their sucking condom. They said I'd just 
have to do a good suck job on my wife to keep her from getting 
knocked up.  The very last fellow agreed to let me take his load 
but changed his mind.  He told me my wife's cunt was too good not 
to come in when he got ready to shoot.  However he still wanted 
and demanded that I milk his cum smeared wet dick. I was in no 
condition to argue with him.  I did as he demanded. 
	After the last soldier left, Rita didn't waste a moment in 
smothering my face with her reeking sloppy slimy cunt.
	"That's it honey! ... Suck me out good! ...OOOOH! ... Get 
all those spermies out! .... Stick your tongue deep up there! ... 
That's it, eat up their cum! ... Show them you know how to fight 
back for them fucking your wife! ... OOOOH! That's so gooood!"  
With her literally riding and grinding her wet slimy hairy cunt 
all over my face, there was nothing I could do but do as she 
demanded.
	After she got her jollies for the eighteenth time that 
night, we got ready for bed.  But instead of her letting me have 
her like the 11 big black soldiers had enjoyed her, she jerked me 
off and smilingly wished her little cock sucker and cunt eater 
good night.  This was the eighth time she had done this since 
we'd been hijacked from our cruise ship and captured by this 
group of guerrillas. I began to get the feeling that she reveled 
in the heavy sexing by our captors and wasn't that thrilled with 
my much smaller prick anymore. 
	As I laid there trying to sleep, I wondered if we'd ever get 
out of this living hell.  This was our tenth day in captivity to 
these rebel soldiers, but it seemed almost like ten months.
	We were one of five white couples who'd been kidnapped and 
held as hostages by the group.  We were all from the same 
hometown in Ohio.
	The black rebels had taken us back to their camp and put 
each couple in a guarded cabin and sexually abused our wives from 
the first day there, since there were no other women in the camp.  
Like me, all the other husbands were white and humiliated the 
same as I was.  To make matters even worse, the other husbands 
were noticing the same thing about their wives.  They seemed to 
be not only enjoying the relentless sex they were being subjected 
too, but also the abject humiliation we husbands were being put 
through.
	The soldiers treated us husbands like slaves and had us 
doing all sorts of womanly chores, like washing their clothes and 
being maids to our wives, who they'd made whores for their 
troops, both at this camp and for other troops passing through.  
To further humiliate us, we had to wear dresses and respond to 
the feminine versions of our names.
	Like me, the other husband's mouths were their wives only 
birth control too.  
	As we did our daily camp chores, we husbands shared 
experiences and exchanged tips on how best to handle our 
situation.  One of the favorite places was at the stream where we 
five gathered to wash clothes, of course under the watchful eye 
of two armed guards.
	This was our eleventh day in captivity, and while doing the 
morning wash, we husbands exchanged news.  One of the daily 
topics was always how many soldiers our wives had been fucked by 
the previous night and how we were coping with eating all that 
spent jism from their well used cunts.  As the reader can readily 
see, such discussion helped us form a bond of the type that never 
existed before between us as neighbors.
	One of the husbands named Sam, dubbed Samantha by the 
rebels, finally gathered the courage to tell the group that he 
gave in to one of the rebel sergeant's demands and let the horny 
rebel fuck him up the ass as his wife watched.  Samantha went on 
to let us know that he soon had other soldiers wanting to do this 
to him too, once they saw him in his mandatory drag attire.  He 
then told us of how this gave his wife a break from the 
relentless fucking she'd been experiencing, and that we other 
husbands may want to consider doing the same for our wives - to 
give them a break from at least some of those big black dicks 
that might want to fuck us up the ass.
	While we all had experienced forced cock sucking at one time 
or another since being captured, none of us to date had been 
forced to get ass fucked.  There was a silence in the group as he 
spoke.  When he finished, there was sort a general agreement, 
that we loved our wives but we didn't know if we could willingly 
go that far.
	Samantha acknowledged he understood, but went on to tell us 
things to do to make taking the rebels huge pricks easier as 
well as how he found being fucked unexpectedly pleasurable.  
	It turned out the camp doctor had given Samantha an enema 
solution to enlarge himself for the doctor's big rod, since he 
was the one that first fucked Samantha.
	It wasn't a week later before every one of us husbands had 
our ass cherries busted by a black soldier.  It seemed that our 
wives liked the help that Samantha's wife was getting and also 
brought it to the attention of the other husbands.  From there 
word sort of spread around the camp that all the husbands were 
fuckable.  In no time the pressure was too great for us not to 
give our wives such help or to submit to the soldiers who wanted 
us that way.
	It was not been uncommon for us husbands to watch helplessly 
as our wives were sexed by as many as three or four men at a 
time.  However, after we husbands started being male "pussies" 
for the troops, we too found our selves being grouped banged the 
same as our wives.  The typical arrangement when there were a 
large group of troops coming through and they had to be 
"pleasured"  quickly, we husbands found a line of troops standing 
to fuck our rears while another standing to unload their large 
lusty wads between our sucking lips.
	It was after one such occasion after my wife and I had 
serviced 60 troops together in our little shack.  In six hours 
she'd handled 36 rock hard giant coal black cocks and I 24.  That 
was a new record for me.  After the last troops had finished with 
us and I had "tongue douched" her for the umpteenth time that 
night, we laid back and assessed what we'd been through - 
something that'd become a common thing in our current situation - 
she hugged and praised me on my new record.  We cuddled and 
kissed, each of us reeking of the smell of the troop's abundant 
jism they'd left behind.  
	This particular night I was filled to the brim with jism.  
Not only had I swallowed 15 heavy loads from all the dicks I 
sucked, but also having slurped up all the spent semen from her 
sloppy gloppy hairy gash really had me full.
	"Honey, while it has been horrifying, this experience has 
been good for us.  It's brought us closer, and I think this has 
made you a more sensitive caring husband."  My wife said as she 
embraced me tighter.  She went on to add how she was thrilled at 
seeing me suck off those big blue black dicks and swallowing all 
they had to give without missing a drop.  She had equal praise 
for all the pricks I'd taken in my "ass pussy".
	We were at the camp for three more months before it was 
overrun by another rebel faction.  We just went from one master 
to another.  Because this new group continued using us for their 
pleasure too.

THE NEW MASTERS

	The leader of this new group was Colonel Mojittu.  He and his 
aid, Captain  Nogutu, seem to take a liking to my wife and I.  
	To make matters worse for me, Nogutu was bisexual and 
frequently kept me busy as his boss did my wife.  She became the 
Colonel's woman and I their maid.  In addition, I essentially 
became Nogutu's "woman" too.  However, they did share us with 
other ranking officers when they came through the camp.  My wife 
and I were used like chattel, but to my terror, she expressed 
glee in being ordered to bed with strange horny men.
	The other couples had to handle pleasuring the hordes of 
troops as they came through for sexual relaxation before going on  
to another battle.  My wife and I felt a certain guilt at not 
being there with them.  However, it appeared that they understood 
that we had no control over things.
	I could tell my wife enjoyed the power of being the 
Colonel's pride and joy, as well as Mistress of the house.
	My man, Nogutu, had me doing all the things a woman would do 
for him.  Even though in servitude to him, I found myself 
admiring his strength and military manner.  This also made it 
easier for me to submit to him when he wanted me in bed.  He 
would sex me about three times a week, more at other times.  A 
pattern was set up and I began to prepare myself for those times 
when I knew he'd be looking forward to being amorous.   He gave 
me several outfits to wear for him that belonged to his 
girlfriend who lived in another town.  Her name was Sereta.
	He was the man.  His pleasure was all that he was concerned 
about.  It was up to me to handle my own needs.  It was odd, but 
I found this acceptable and lost no respect for him.  Since we'd 
been in captivity, this was the same situation with my wife, so 
it didn't take matter that much.
	Doing this time, my wife conversed like we were two women as 
we shared experiences on how we took care of "our men".  However, 
I still was her "oral" birth control.
	The camp was overruned again by regular government forces.  
Colonel Mogittu and his forces deserted us and all five couples 
were detained at another town.  The troops did not abuse us, 
detain us, but we husbands were still dressed in drag as men's 
clothes were hard to come by.
	My wife and I as well as the other couples, because we were 
penniless, ended up doing a little whoring to get money and food.
	At my wife's insistence, one time I eneded up hawking men on 
the street to fuck my wife as she laid on a  dirty discarded 
mattress in an alley.  As an enticement for our customers, she 
demanded I offer the men  free milking and tongue cleaning of 
their big black pricks and balls after they fucked her.  This was 
in addition to my regular tongue douching of her slimy gash.  The 
only solace I had was that at least I was eating free.  She liked 
to be sucked out by me and thoroughly enjoyed each time I did so.
	Finally our wives got exits visas for us to leave the 
country.  The only problem is that only women and children could 
depart because of all the fighting.  Therefore, still 
being in drag ended up being a blessing in disguise for us men.		
     
THE ESCAPE

	We managed to escape, however since only women and children     
were allowed to leave, I left Gyeria disguised as a woman.
     The authorities made me up another passport of the phony 
woman's identity that I'd assumed.  I thought I was ensuring our 
escape when my wife told the authorities that her husband was 
dead.
     Later I found out that her actions ensured my continued     
transvestitism more than anything else.  The same happened to the 
other husbands.
     I was hoping our lives and marriage would return to normal     
once we arrived home.  I was wrong.
     To my surprise, my wife never got pregnant after all the 
seemingly endless sexing she'd been through with literally 
hundreds of horny black soldiers.  

BACK HOME

     "Fuck you and your idea about some damn therapy! I want 
black dicks and that's that! Do you understand that!  You wimpy     
cock sucker?"
      When she shouted at me like that I was afraid and cringed 
before her. Every since we returned, she like the other wives in 
our group too had become more assertive and bossy. She, like 
them, always wanted things her way.  Sensing that my feelings 
were hurt, she walked over and hugged me. She spoke in a 
consoling softer tone.
	"Honey pie, I know you meant well, but like I told you 
before, things won't be like they were before. After being laid  
hundred of times by real men on that island, your little shrimpy 
prick doesn't do anything for me anymore. You know how we both 
got use to all those big black dicks. Well, I don't want to 
switch. I like being a slut for Black studs. You'll have to 
accept that dear. There's no other way. Now lets stop all this 
arguing and kiss and make up."
     Being wrapped in her arms felt good. Her breath reeked of 
semen.  She stuck her tongue deep in my mouth forcing me to suck 
it. It was still slick from all the apparent cock sucking she'd 
done just before I walked in on her and some strange black man.
     I knew it was perverted, but I couldn't help it as my prick 
hardened.  I mentally pictured her blowing one big black dick 
after another.  We kissed for a long time.  She was right. I too     
had gotten acclimated to big black dicks too, even though my fear 
of emasculation kept getting in the way.
	"Did that make you feel better?"  I sheepishly nodded my 
head.                                
	"I thought it would. I know you like my cum flavored kisses. 
Now if you promise to be a good little boy and behave, I might 
let you suck my pussy. Its nice and juicy. Just the way I know 
you like my hair pie when it's scummy and full of sweet dick 
cream from the brothers."
      She stripped as she spoke. Her thick bush loomed out as she 
pulled off her skimpy panties. I could see the pussy plug she 
used to contain jism and cunt juices. Her pussy hair were in 
total disarray.  She smelled of strong sex. One whiff of her and 
I knew she must have quite a load in her.  I was helpless, I was 
hungry to be intimate with her and wanted to eat her lusty treat. 
That excited me more. She had me kneel and place my face right up 
to her crotch. But as I started to remove the pussy plug she 
stopped me.
	"Just savor it for a while darling. Think of the nine Black 
men ... Nine real men that have put there big dicks in me today. 
Tell me you're proud of me and that you're so thankful for being 
able to suck out their jism."
	I hee and hawed, but she got me to say what she wanted to 
hear. She also made me promise to dress up all the time when they 
came over and to always say sir to them. Only after that did she 
let me tongue lash her moist cum loaded pussy. It seemed to be 
extra tasty this time. After I had gotten her off, she made me 
keep my face pressed to her still moist cunt.
	"That was good wasn't it honey? I think I want some more. 
How about you?"
	Before I could answer either question, she had picked up the 
phone and dialed one of her many Black men friends. As she 
talked, she reached down and pressed my face back to her hairy 
cunt and threw a leg over my shoulder and back ensuring that I 
stayed put. Not knowing what else to do, I pushed my tongue back 
between her reddened soft warm fat hairy cunt lips. I knew they 
were puffy and inflamed from the friction of all the dicks that 
had been in and out of her in the last few hours.
	"Rufus! Whatcha doing? ... No he's here  ... Got his face
between my legs ... he knows his place, you don't have to worry 
about that ... Yeah!  Just got back from the pool room ... there 
were only     six there, I took care of 'em all ... When I found 
out that the door     opened up to the alley, I peeked out and 
saw a big dude come by. I     offered him some free pussy. After 
he left, I decided to look out again before I put my panties back 
on. Sure enough, there was another dude coming to the door as I 
opened it. He told me that someone told him there was free pussy 
down the alley ... of course I fucked him as well as well as 
another dude that came a little while later ... Well the reason I 
called to see if you     wanted to come over and do the same 
thing ... so what, bring them too ... I'll have him make some 
sandwiches and put some beer on ice ... Y'all can sleep over too 
... see you in an hour."
	I was morbid at what I'd heard.  However I knew it was 
useless to get upset.

SETTLING DOWN

      I quickly settled into our new arrangement. I no longer 
have any say so or control in the household. She even has me 
openly display videotapes she had made at different parties and 
gang bangs. She had fourteen on display. They each have about 
three hours of viewing.
      When I felt I couldn't take it anymore, I threatened to 
leave, she threw her trump card on the table.  She showed me a                                      
 copy of my death certificate.  She explained how I was no longer     
legally alive and that I had nothing, unless I did as she    
wanted.  Sickened by all she told me, I knew I was totally under     
her control now.  She also admitted that the CAMP doctor also     
provided her and the other wives with birth control pills too.
      "We knew you husbands wouldn't act near as sweet as you did     
if you'd know that."
      I just stood there looking totally dumbfounded as she     
confessed.
      "Honey I know all this may come as a shock to you, but I'm 
ecstatic at all we've been through.  It really has made our 
marriage stronger.  You don't have the prick power of my real 
men, but your tongue is wonderful and I dearly love you for the 
sweet obedient petticoated husband you've become."
      She had plans to sell our house.  She wanted to move us 
near the black section of town so she could be nearer her black 
studs, and them her.  I was helpless to do anything.  Everything 
was in her name.  However another unexpected event occurred.  
	Colonel Mojittu showed up along with Captain Nogutu and two 
of their soldiers.  They'd escaped the revolution and were able 
to get political asylum.
	I was very resentful at the way the colonel acted around my 
wife, but she welcomed his amorous attention.  I could only stand 
by and watch, as he swept her up in his strong arms and 
passionately kissed her.  She returned his embrace in kind.  
Nogutu and the two body guards stood by looking at me smirking.
      They brought us both presents.
	Mogittu first removed my wife's wedding rings and tossed 
them to me.  I barley made the catch and was puzzled at his 
action.
	He then opened her present and presented her with a huge 
three or four carat replacement diamond ring set.
	I stood up to protest, but as the words began to come out, 
they were drowned out by my wife's cries of glee and joy at 
getting such a nice present.
	Before I could say anything else, Nogutu shoved a bigger box 
in my hands.
       I opened the big box and found it was a very 
ornate French Maid's uniform.  It was very much like the one I 
wore when I'd been Mogittu's maid in captivity.   I looked up at 
him intending to say I would never planning to wear such a thing 
again.  I froze.  The Colonel looked at me in a way that let me 
know that my place was to continue from where I left off in 
Gyeria.  The same look was in my wife's eyes also.  The silence 
was overwhelming as I looked at them.
      "Aren't you going to thank your master for his lovely     
gift?" My wife said softly with a smirk on her face as she 
snuggled up to him and his big black hand groped her luscious 
white tits.
      On the spot and nervous, I did so, with a less than joyous     
look on my face.
         "C'mon Phillys, let me help you put it on."  Said Nogutu as     
he led me by the hand back to the bedroom.  I welcomed the     
excuse for leaving the room, but I should've know what Nogutu     
wanted when he got me alone.  He was on me in no time.  He kissed 
and groped me furiously.
     He overwhelmed me both physically and mentally.  I liked the     
closeness and the strength of this strong black man, but at the     
same time, I didn't want the lifestyle they wanted of me.  I 
whispered my thoughts to him as he embraced me tightly.          
	"Forget that Phillys honey,  this is your future." He said 
as     he took out his huge swollen ebony cock and guided my 
small soft     white hand to it.  His member was so stiff and 
warm.  I couldn't help but caress and stroke him.  I hated to 
admit it to myself, but it felt good to handle his hard meat 
again.  I hated to admit it, but I'd been forced to adore big black dicks.
	"What ... What do you ..."
     "What do I mean? I want you to be my bride."
     I was speechless as he explained that he wanted me to be his    
wife.
	"You see, Sereta, the girl I left behind didn't turn me on 
like you.  You really excite me when you take my cum.  You really 
seem to like it.  I like that. It makes me feel so     
appreciated.  Plus I like all the little extras things you do to     
make me feel like a king."
	I thought of how excited he became when I sucked on his big     
blue black nuts.  I knew that was the kind of thing he was 
referring too.
	In a strange way, even though forced and subjugated,I had come 
to admire and adore him a lot, but becoming his wife?  
That was another question.
	Nogutu proposed taking my wife's old rings and having them 
sized for me.  I continued to be speechless as one proposal after 
another by these surprised visitors and invaders overwhelmed me.
	I was just getting over the shock of what my wife had done     
to me, and now these men were coming back into my life - our     
lives.  It was strange, but I was glad to see they had escaped     
the revolution without harm.  Even though Mojittu had beaten and     
rapped me and took over my wife in Gyeria, I still couldn't help 
but respect his strong dominant personality.
	The Colonel had escaped with a considerable amount of money.  He 
bought a big house.  He and my wife now live as husband and wife.
	I have become their maidservant and nanny to their  
children.
	Nogutu and I were married as he wanted.  While I work as a 
servant for the Colonel and my former wife, my loving black 
husband manages the estate for Mogittu.
	While things didn't turn out as expected, I've never the 
less accepted my situation and have found happiness in being of 
service to my new husband and the others in the household.
	My new husband has several women - real women - on the side.  
Some of which he brings home and has sex with in our bed, and 
even has me suck their cunts clean afterwards.  I, of course, as 
his obedient and dutiful wife does whatever it takes to make and 
keep him happy.  

			THE END

Comments or more story ideas? Contact C.D.E at: ccwriter@hotmail.com	

WARNING!   MUST BE AT LEAST  21 YEARS OLD TO READ THIS STORY!


