Tickle Torture
by Jastes22

Tickle Torture: Part 1 Izzie refuses to play by the rules and gets punished.

"Your turn, Izzie," Rashelle said. We sat in a circle, with Rashelle, my best friend, by her boyfriend, Leon, and Paul, my boyfriend, by me. The fact that we were all close friends even before we paired off meant we hung out together quite a bit.

"Truth," I said. Truth or Dare was always a boring game for most people, but our group had found a way to make it fun, always right on the edge of safe and forbidden.

"Have you ever streaked before?" Paul asked.

I blushed. "I'm not answering that!"

Paul chuckled. "That's a 'yes'. Where was it that?"

"That's a second question."

"Yeah, but you didn't really answer the first one," Leon said.

I glared at him. "None of your business. Give me a dare, then."

"Let Paul tickle you!" Rashelle blurted out.

"No way!" I said. Rashelle knew I was super ticklish. We were best friends, and that meant she knew all my weak spots.

"You got to do it, Izzie," Paul said.

"Nuh-uh!"

"I think you're missing the point of this game," Leon said with a grin.

"You know what? Since she's being such a poor sport, we should all give Izzie a tickle torture!" Rashelle said with a cackle.

I yelped as Paul started to reach for me, scrambling to my feet. He grabbed me by the shins and pulled me back, putting me on my back. I pleaded for mercy as he put his knees on my arms, pinning me to the ground. He grabbed both of my hands and held them down with one of his own. Classic tickle torture position.

"Wait!" I shouted, the feeling of being restrained making my breath grow ragged.

He ignored my pleas, instead running his fingers up and down my sides. "Tickle torture!" I shrieked and laughed, twisting and turning, though it did nothing. By the time he stopped, tears of laughter were rolling down my face and I collapsed to the floor.

Rashelle laughed at my torture. "I want a go!" My heart sank, realizing that I was powerless to stop anyone with Paul pinning me down. Rashelle climbed up on me as Paul got off, taking his place.

"No, please!"

She reached over, and by sheer luck, she started tickling me right underneath my armpit. It was a secret ticklish spot for me, and I tried not to reveal it to anyone. Unfortunately, my screams gave away my secret all too easily. Rashelle, sensing a weakness, dug in, and Paul joined in on the other side.

By the time they finished, I was wheezing and gasping for air. "S-stop. Please..."

"Wow, Izzie," Rashelle said. "That was pretty intense, and that was over your shirt. I wonder..." She ran her hand under my shirt and proceeded to tickle my skin directly. As bad as it had been with my shirt, getting tickled right on the skin was ten times worse, and I felt like my body was going to explode from the torture. My ability to plead for release was destroyed by the fact that I couldn't breathe with my heaving lungs.

Rashelle pulled out her arm, but with it and my own thrashing, my shirt had ridden up halfway up my stomach, bunching up near my bra. I wasn't sure, but the shirt felt high enough that I wouldn't be surprised if the boys could see my baby-blue bra peeking out.

I couldn't talk for a minute, still recovering. Rashelle looked down at me, brushing hair out of my face, which was both tender and patronizing.

"O-okay," I said, still partially out of breath. "You've had your fun. Now let me go!"

"I don't think you're in a position to make demands, Izzie," Rashelle said. "You look so cute all helpless like that." She grinned, an idea forming in her mind. "In fact, maybe we should revisit your streaking days, since you dodged the question about that earlier. Seems only fair. Boys? Can you help me get this shirt off of our lovely subject?"

Before I could protest, fingers grabbed at the hem of my shirt, pulling the rest of the way, off my head and through my hands. I screamed, but my words had no effect on my captors. Someone took my shirt and used it as a makeshift restraint, tying my hands together, though Rashelle still kept her hand on my own.

I could feel three sets of eyes on my chest, bra, and heaving stomach. I felt myself blush at the amount of skin I was showing, but I could only think about how exposed I was to more tickling.

"She really is cute, isn't she?" Rashelle said, her fingers grazing my bare stomach. Just the slightest touch was enough for me to heave, my stomach shaking at her touch.

"Yeah, she is," Leon said. I yelped, nearly forgetting the two boys that were witnessing this.

"Leon?" Rashelle asked. "You've been kind of quiet. Where do you think we should try next?"

I groaned, realizing that this wasn't going to end anytime soon, not with Rashelle leading the charge.

There was a pause, and I knew that Leon was wondering how far he could go. If anyone else had suggested taking off my shirt, it would have been awkward and kind of creepy, but the fact that my best friend and the only other girl had been the one to suggest it opened up a whole slew of options.

"Do you think her legs are ticklish?"

Rashelle giggled at the implication. "Let's find out."

In her current position, Rashelle couldn't reach my pants, so the two boys each grabbed a side of my pants and started to pull. My screams, useless, were reduced to whimpers a hands roamed my body. Someone's hand pressed down on my crotch while they unbuckled my belt and then unzipped my pants. I groaned, the sensation maddening. They pulled down my pants to my shins, limiting my ability to move my legs.

As they came down, I felt my panties slide ever so slightly so one side was further down than the other. I could feel just the slightest amount of pubic hair exposed.

They attacked my legs, running their fingers up and down the outside and the inside of my legs. Every time they got close to my panty-covered crotch, I felt like I was going to buckle over. My legs started to flail until they each grabbed a leg and held it while running their fingers up and down. Rashelle reached back and tickled my crotch area, even pinching the fabric of my panties and rubbing the fabric over pussy, the sensation sending crackles throughout my body.

"I think we're going to put that down as a 'yes', Leon. Very ticklish." She grinned and rubbed her hand against my chest, just below my bra. I sighed, purring at the sensation. She giggled, lightly scratching my skin.

"There's one more place before we finish Isabella's punishment," she said. "I know for a fact that she's ticklish on her side-boobs."

A second, while the boys let her words sink in. They were respectful boys, and I didn't think they expected the whole thing to go further than my underwear, but if Rashelle was serious...

She reached down and gave a hard tug on my bra. There was *snap* as the bra fell apart, and she threw it aside. I shrieked. The boys could see my bare tits! Paul and I hadn't been dating long enough for him to see anything, and now he was seeing everything! I yanked my arms against Rashelle's hands, anything to pull my arms in, but it was like fighting a bear--there was no way I was getting out.

Rashelle descended on me, running her fingers as she tickled my small but perky breasts. Initially she focused on the sides of my cleavage, but she quickly moved to my whole breasts. She alternated from tickling to stroking, enjoying my constant change from screaming to purring at the sensations. She dug in hard, giving me no respite and no inch of me un-tickled. The boys hung back, unsure of how much to participate in touching me.

Rashelle stopped and just sat there, content to watch me squirm with my tits on full display. Sweat covered my body. "Let's see...I think your tits are too small for us to do it all at once, so I think everyone should get a turn."

I groaned, knowing that what Rashelle was suggesting would simply prolong my torment. Leon took her place. Having watched his own girlfriend's treatment, he didn't hold back, his initial brashness gone. I flailed and could feel my panties slide a little further down my crotch. With the realization that my panties were slipping, I tried to limit movement, though it was nearly impossible given my treatment.

"Go on, see if her nipples are ticklish."

His hands obliged, wrapping around my breasts and tweaking my nipples, which hardened and popped at his touch. My groans turned into pleasurable moans, and I felt my crotch growing wet. It was an odd sensation, having my best friend's boyfriend fondling me in front of her, but I was so tired and turned on I hardly cared.

Leon was reluctant to get off of me, but eventually he allowed Paul to take his place. Paul wasted no time thrashing my breasts with his fingers and hands, kneading them and squeezing them like dough. I could feel his erection through his pants on my stomach. He stooped down and placed his mouth over my right nipple, biting down. I screamed bloody murder, and I felt my panties slip down further.

Mouth still on my nipple, I felt my boyfriend's hand subconsciously move down my stomach towards my panties. He paused, realizing what he was doing.

"Go on, Paul," Rashelle said, not having missed Paul's movement. "Why shouldn't her pussy go un-tickled?"

That's all he needed. His fingers slid underneath my panties and pulled them down to my knees, his palm running down my pussy. One finger, then two fingers, plunged themselves inside of me. I moaned, my brain screaming at me that I was naked in front of my friends and being fingered.

He couldn't be stopped now. He flipped around so his back was facing me. Someone grabbed my hands and continued to hold them above my head while another spread my legs, widening my pussy. Paul leaned down and put his tongue at top of my pelvis. The sensation was more intense than any of the tickling prior, and I moaned as his tongue dragged across my crotch like sandpaper. The sensation of his rough tongue across my pubic hair was so stimulating I thought I was going to burst. That was, of course, before his tongue entered my privates, digging in my pussy like a gold miner. It slid inside me with almost no resistance from my slick pussy.

I half-moaned, half-growled as my pelvis contracted and tightened as the warmth built into a fire. Paul pulled out just as hot cum squirted out of me like a hose, staining the carpet.

I groaned, not being able to find the energy to cover myself or even be embarrassed by the fact that I had just crapped in front of three of my friends. My cheeks were burning, I was covered in sweat and bodily fluid, and my lungs felt like I had just run a marathon. I could still feel Paul's spittle on my crotch from licking me.

"Fantastic. That was definitely a fitting punishment for not obeying the rules of Truth Or Dare. Besides...I think she liked that," Rashelle said. "Didn't you, Izzie?" She patted my crotch, which elicited another groan, scooping up the thick cum and wiping it off.

"Y-yes," I said. Anything else would have been a lie. "Can I put my clothes back on?"

"Not yet," Rashelle said, looking at the boys. "We never tickled her back. With her panties out of our way, I know her cheeks are just begging for some attention.."

I groaned as the three of them descended upon me again.


Tickle Torture: Part 2 - Tickle Trials

They spun me around onto my front. I felt someone sit on me so I couldn’t move. I thrashed and squealed as they tickled my cheeks, my butt jiggling from the treatment. The boys quickly moved up to my sides, exploiting the better angle on my ribs and returning to my super sensitive area right underneath my armpit. They weren’t even trying to use the guise of “tickling” anymore—they were just touching every part of me they could. I groaned and heaved, unable to breathe.

My hands broke free from their makeshift T-shirt bounds, and they flailed backwards, trying to free myself, but the awkward angle made it impossible.

I hit something, though not hard. I heard Rashelle squeak, a little surprised. She grabbed my hands, pulling them back gently so I couldn’t move. “Well, this won’t do. Boys? Can you grab something to tie her up with? I think we need to restrain her so she doesn’t stop her tickling punishment.”

I groaned. My face fell into the carpet as I dissolved into whimpers. Everything below my waist ached, and the pressure put on my still-sensitive pussy and weak legs felt oddly stimulating.

Rashelle sat on me, holding my arms down with one hand and stroking the skin of my butt with the other while the boys disappeared in search of something to tie me up with. “I’m glad you admitted you’re enjoying this, Izzie. It opens up so many possibilities.”

Not able to do anything else, I groaned again. Crap, this was turning me on so much. Exhausted from my orgasm, torn down by my friends’ relentless assault, and ashamed by the thrill growing inside me, there was nothing I could do to resist. And Rashelle knew that.

The boys returned, holding some rope. They picked me up and carried me underneath a light fixture. Paul set a chair beside me so he could stand on it to tie me up properly. His crotch was right by my face, and I could see the huge boner in his pants.

Once I was secure, they stepped back and looked at me. I felt myself blush red. Despite the past half hour of being touched and prodded and tickled by them all over my naked body, the fact that I was now standing in the middle of the room, arms outstretched, nearly on my tiptoes, armpits and legs completely vulnerable, and free access to everything else, I felt a new sense of vulnerability embarrassment. When they were tickling me, they could only reach either my front or my back depending on my position, but now they could reach everywhere at any time. I bit my lip. What were they going to do next? The thought in my mind was a strange mixture of excitement and terror.

“I’ve got an idea,” Rashelle said. She whispered something to the boys. They giggled to themselves.

“W-what?” I asked.

Rashelle grinned. “You’ll see.”

The three of them disappeared behind me. I squirmed, anxiety rising in my chest. I started to breathe hard, my mind going wild with ideas of what they were going to do to me.

They weren’t gone for long. They each put something on the table, but then stood between me and the table so I couldn’t see anything. Again, with them looking at me in my current state, I felt myself squirm.

“Here’s how this is going to work,” Rashelle said. “We’ve each chosen an item. We’re going to tickle you with each item for one minute.”

I groaned. I wasn’t sure how much more I could take.

Rashelle grinned at my reaction. “You can tell us to stop tickling you with that item at any time at the price of ten spankings from that person. Understand?”

I looked at her, unsure of how I was supposed to respond. “Umm…yes?”

Rashelle turned to her boyfriend. “Leon? Do you want to start?”

He reached behind him and grabbed something black, brown, and long. I recognized it as a paintbrush from my painting set.

“Wait—”

“Actually, Leon, before you start, let’s get Izzie a proper blindfold. We’ll see if she can guess the items.”

I didn’t even object as they procured a bandana and wrapped it around my eyes. As my vision disappeared, I felt my heart rate increase and my breathing grow ragged. Someone touched my side tenderly, and I gasped at the unexpected touch. Not being able to see anything was going to make this so much worse.

A long pause. I squirmed, the anticipation was maddening. When was he—

The bristles of the brush ran across my stomach. I yelped, a burst of laughter escaping my lips. Leon—or whoever it was—dragged the brush down my leg. I shuddered, biting my lips. It felt like mice skittering down my skin. It was driving me crazy, but I held strong. No way was I going to give in.

They grabbed my foot by the shin and pulled it up. I barely had time to register what he was doing until—

“Stop!” I screamed as the brush dragged along my sole. “Stop!”

Leon chuckled, finishing his drag across my foot and then stepping away. “That’s ten.”

I groaned. I couldn’t bear the thought of more. This was real tickle torture.

“My turn,” Paul said. Unlike Leon, I didn’t know what Paul had chosen, and I could feel myself tense in anticipation. My boyfriend would know how to torment me more than Leon had.

Something soft brushed my skin, like a thousand soft pricks. Lightly, at first, and then the sensation grew stronger. If the paintbrush had been mice, then this was like centipedes, thousands of feet crawling all over me. A duster! I squealed and pulled back, but Paul simply moved in, running the duster up and down my legs and on my chest. At first it wasn’t too bad, but as he continued to run it up and down, I felt myself shuddering at the touch as it slowly became unbearable. I wasn’t laughing so much as gasping for breath.

I was breathing heavily, but I was pretty sure I could make it. The duster was ticklish, yes, but it didn’t have the same magnitude as fingers or the brush.

For a moment, the duster moved away. I held my breath. Was that it? Did I make a minute? I opened my mouth to ask.

The duster slid between my legs. My feet, already on tiptoes, could do nothing to stop the onslaught of fibers that rubbed my pussy. My pussy felt like it was going to explode, regardless of how short it had been since my last orgasm. “Stop! Stop!”

He pulled away, leaving me gasping for breath and shaking. “You okay?” He asked. He reached out and squeezed a breast, eliciting a soft moan from me. I leaned in, feeling a slight bit of relief from his moment of tenderness.

“Y-yeah,” was all I could say. It was a testament to their different personalities. Leon had chosen something straightforward but effective, while Paul had chosen something that was light and yet completely violating at the same time.

And then there was Rashelle. “Really looking forward to this,” she said. I held back a curse. What awful thing did my best friend have in store for me?

I tensed as she placed something on my armpit, that same magical spot Rashelle had discovered that had arguably led to my position I was in at the moment. It felt bristly, like the brush, but harder somehow. What—

She turned it on.

I lasted maybe two seconds as the electric toothbrush buzzed on my skin. “Stop!” I screamed.

Rashelle didn’t stop, instead moving the toothbrush down my side, chest, and legs, and crotch, all while I screamed for mercy, of which she gave none. My tits bounced with abandon, and my crotch and butt were clenched tightly.

Finally, after what felt like ten minutes but was probably no more than two, she turned it off.

I was covered in sweat and my hair was an absolute mess. Tears of laughter streaked my face, absorbed by the blindfold.

*Smack*

I squealed, the sudden pain in my rear taking me by surprise. The three of them took turns, smacking my poor bottom in such a way that there was no pause between strikes. Sometimes it was a quick smack, while other times they took a quick squeeze of my butt before moving back. With the first few smacks they experimented, trying different angles of strikes or parts of my butt. I couldn’t tell which smacks belonged to who, but some were going for the loudest smacks, while others were simply trying to hit the most area, with the full palm hitting my butt cheeks.

With each strike, I could feel my face redden in shame not just from my physical state of nudity and restraint, but in the excitement I felt with each smack.

About halfway through—though I had long since lost count—hands started to crawl up and down my sides, and I exploded into laughter. My mind split with the assault on my butt, I had no energy or brainpower to resist laughing as whoever dug into my sides.

“And that’s thirty,” Rashelle said with one final smack. Hands fumbled with my blindfold, and I blinked as my eyes adjusted to the light. The three of them were looking at me, and I caught Paul’s eyes looking me up and down.

I sniffled and groaned as my poor body finally had a moment to take stock of itself. My lungs were throbbing from all the laughter, and I could feel that butt was very red, raw, and sore. I wouldn’t be able to sit properly for days.

“You know, I think we should let her stay up there for a few hours,” Rashelle said.

“Wait...” I muttered. My throat was suddenly very dry.

“Who knows?” Rashelle asked, reaching forward and pinching my pussy lips. I groaned, pulling my legs back and in. I could feel my crotch burn again from her touch.

Rashelle grinned. “We might find some… other things we can do with her tonight.”

