                            DESPARATE HOUSWIFES PART 5
                                                           By Black Heart
            When Sandi awoke Saturday morning she was puzzled at first to see somebody sleeping next to her but as she stretched, yawned and rubbed the sleep from her eyes, she quickly recalled the previous evening's activities and realized it was Timmy that was sleeping so soundly in her bed.
           "The boy ought to be exhausted after last night," Sandi thought with some amusement.
           Let's see she had given him a hand job on the sofa, then they they had fucked on that same sofa before going upstairs to her bedroom and into the shower.  Timmy was hard as a rock again by the time
they had finished the shower so they had fucked yet again in her bed.  That had totally exhausted her and she had fallen asleep but she remembered that sometime during the night she had awoken briefly to
feel his hands on her yet again forcing her to push him away and tell him to behave himself.
           "I guess I had forgotten about the stamina of youth," Sandi thought as she pulled herself out of bed and headed for the shower.  She returned a few minutes later and saw that Timmy was still sound asleep.  She was tempted to wake him up and tell him to go home now but decided to let him be.
              After all she had important things to do now, like check the internet sites and see how many hits there were from last night and how many of the perverts who viewed their activities
were sick enough to spend $50 to watch them over and over again.
             Sandi was very impatient but managed to delay things long enough to make herself a coffee and some toast before heading into her computer room.  She quickly went to her internet site and waited with baited breath for it to appear.  Checking her site first, she began to get quite excited when she read the stats for it.
             "Oh my God," she yelled loudly in excitement when she saw the total number of hits were well over a hundred which had converted into 50 people actually buying into the site.  Her calculations made her earnings at $2500 less her sponsors percentage, which still left her with around $2,000 or so.
                "Not bad for an evening's work so I guess the idea of creating an adult site with our sons was a great idea.  Fuck it was fantastic.  At this rate she, Amanda and the rest of the group would be rolling in money again in no time.'
               Satisfied with her site, Sandi quickly assessed her friend's and watched in even greater excitement as the stats for that one appeared.  It was even better than her's Sandi realized because the hits were over 200 with 100 buying into the site which made Amanda's earnings double hers
              What the hell did she do that I didn't do, Sandi wondered.  After all it was a fairly simple task they had.  Strip naked and show off their bodies, get it on with the boys a little bit and then fuck them in front of the cameras.
               As a mother Sandi found it shocking to watch her son and Amanda fucking on the sofa.
The lighting was so good the movie they created was absolutely crystal clear.  And graphic, very graphic for a mother to see her son stark naked for the first time since he was a little boy.  Well, he wasn't much of a little boy anymore.  She had thought Timmy's cock was quite big for a teenager, but
her son's was even bigger, as big as man's,
             Next Sandi critically appraised her friend's naked body.  The big, bouncy tits, small waist that flared into wide hips and the shapely legs definitely was a turn on.  Ryan was all over for a few minutes
and then Sandi saw the shocker.
            "Why that bitch, using her age and experience to totally control him so much that he had willingly stuck his face into her pussy and ate her out.  It gave her the wildest orgasm imaginable too.  The look on Amanda's face, her screams of pleasure and the contortions of her body didn't lie.
        So that is why her site was much more profitable than mine.  Why didn't I think of that?
           Because I am not as sick as she is.  All these thoughts were running through Sandi's mind as she then watched Amanda fuck her son, parade naked around the room and then fuck him again.  And from the look on her face, she was enjoying it immensely.
             Not that I didn't get off with Timmy, sure I did, but not like that.  I just fucked her son out  of duty.  To make this all work, but Amanda took full advantage of everything just for her own selfish pleasure.  That bitch I am going to have to talk to her.  She made it look like she was actually abusing Ryan.
              Sandi's thoughts were interrupted by the ringing of the phone.  It was her sponsor Marcella, congratulating her on the site, and praising her for her efforts.
             "I thought it was a good idea but I never thought you would go actually go through with it,"
she exclaimed.  "Imagine using your sons to create your own adult site, and I can see it's  going to be quite popular.  I can tell you right now that you got a winning idea because of the amount of hits and purchases. The viewers love it.  You ladies have great bodies, so do your sons with nice, fat pricks.
The only problem is that you are not giving very much to the cameras."
          "What do you mean, not giving much to the camera," Sandi asked.
           She could feel some anger boiling up within her.
           "I not only stripped myself naked last night for a teenage boy, my best friends son, but I also made out with him.  Jerked him off then fucked him a couple of times and it was all in the front of those cameras. Now you are trying to tell me that it wasn't good enough.  What the hell do you want?"
          "Hold it, hold it," Marcella interrupted.
          "I am sorry, I didn't mean to offend you.  All I am trying to say is that although last night was a terrific start for your site, if you want to be really successful you not only have to continue what you are doing but you have to improve on it.  That's all."
          Sandi was silent for so long that Marcella thought she must have hung up or thrown down the phone in disgust or something.
             "Hello, you still there.?
             "Yes, I am still here.  I am just a little shocked that's all.  I thought that this was just a one time deal you know ---- with more and more perverts joining the site and watching the scene over and over again."
             "No, sorry but it doesn't work that way.  You see, you can make money with adult sites on the internet but there are a couple of things you always have to remember about your customers.  Number one, they are bored easily and number two, they are continually searching the net for new and exciting sites. So to keep them coming back you have to offer them something fresh.  I will tell you honestly that although you  made some money last night, all those people that spent $50 won't be renewing their subscription unless you have new movies on a regular basis with new and different things in them."
           "So me and Amanda are going not only going to have to do last night's stuff all over again, we are going to have to do it more or less on a regular basis.  How often does that mean?"
          "Probably once a week.  You go any longer without something new to watch and those guys will all be gone like last week's garbage.  Trust me, I know, they are very easy to capture but equally hard to hold because some of them only got a limited budget and they will go to whatever site keeps their interest up."
           "Once a week," Sandi moaned, "and with new and varied things. This much more than I bargained for."
           "Do you want some good news now," Marcella asked.
           "You mean there is good news out of all this," Sandi demanded.
           "Yes, you and Amanda have made an excellent start, all you have to do is continue and that money you made last night will seem like pennies compared to what you could soon be making.  If you want, I will review the movies with you and give you some tips on how to improve everything."
           Sandi was feeling reluctant, thinking that this was all too much.  The thought of having to fuck Timmy numerous times was not all that interesting to her but when she heard Marcella mention loads of money, she decided to listen.
            "Okay, what?"
            Although Sandi had not thought about looking at the movie she had made with Timmy last night, at Marcella's insistence, she sat down at her computer and viewed it.  She was shocked at first to watch it but soon got used to it.  Marcella began critiquing the movie, mentioning good points such as when she jerked Timmy off and his sperm exploded out of his cock and high into the air like a gusher.
            "The viewers loved that part.  For some reason or other they love to watch males ejaculate.  I think it's because they imagine the female, you in this case, doing it to them so they live vicariously through it. I also liked the part of you getting the boy to play with your pussy and rub your clitty but I don't think it was quite enough.  You are going to have to spread your legs a lot wider so your viewers get a real close up look at your pussy.  That is another thing they seem to love. 
            Now I know this may sound real sick and perverted to you but if you really want to get them hooked, then shave your pubic hair. Not all of it because you want to look like a normal little housewife but enough of  to show a lot more of your pussy.  I suggest something like a Mohawk cut with the sides trimmed almost to nothing and a little more along the top and bottom."
         "Ugh," commented Sandi in disgust.
           "I know, sounds awful but remember we are thinking big bucks here, mega bucks in fact, so it is something to consider.  Also, keep in mind that these are just suggestions.
         Marcella concluded by saying that although the actual fucking was pretty good, it left room for improvement.  Mostly because Sandi didn't play up the scenes enough for the cameras. " Always keep in mind that you are being watched like a hawk.  Your customers follow every move you make with the boy so try to keep your sexual organs as visible as possible and your actions as graphic as possible. Let them see exactly what you and the boy are doing to each other and smile as if you are enjoying it all."
          After Sandi had digested Marcella's critique of her film they went to Amanda's site.
             Here her sponsor was not as critical.  She praised most of Amanda"s actions and the way she handled Ryan.  
            "Controlling him like that and getting him to eat pussy was priceless.  That's why she got a lot more hits and a lot more customers that you did.  The viewers ate that up like candy. It was an excellent idea to make him a carpet muncher."
            Although Sandi hadn't agreed with the way her friend had treated her son, she had to admit that it was much better than the straight vanilla fuck with Timmy so when Marcella mentioned that she should try something like that with him, she thought it might be a good idea, not only for the money purposes but for her own satisfaction.
             "One last thing before I finish," Marcella mentioned to Sandi.
             "I noticed that neither you or your friend did any oral sex with the boys and that is definitely a money maker. Your viewers would love to see you sucking cock and having it explode in your mouth or across your faces."
              "No, no way," Sandi interrupted.  "That is what I draw the line at it.  The thought of sucking any man's penis just turns me right off,"
             "Okay, okay, suit yourself, but just remember you are losing money by not doing it."
              After Sandi had finished talking to Marcella, she phoned Amanda and discussed the movies with her.  Her friend listened with interest as Sandi described their conversation and passed along Marcella's suggestions.
                It was no surprise for Amanda to hear that they would have fuck the boys on a regular basis, as it was something she had suspected would happen in order to keep the site going and have a never ending supply of money coming in.  She also agreed with Marcella's other suggestions, but like Sandi, she too drew the line about giving blow jobs to the boys.
              "No way, let them continue to eat us out and then fuck us with their hard cocks, but sucking those guys off is out of the question, totally and completely, end of conversation."
              Amanda had said this quite loud in a voice that carried a ways. It carried out of her computer room and into the next room which was the kitchen where Ryan was standing waiting for some bread to toast while sipping on a cold orange juice.
               He didn't make a sound but crept closer to the open door of the computer room so he could hear more clearly.
             He was able to hear everything as Amanda emphatically stated her aversion to cock sucking and vowed to never let it happen.
        "Like, I said, these boys are teenagers, very new in the world of sex and sooooo easy to control so let's have our fun with them.  That means keep them eating pussy until they are experts at it and then fucking them as a treat but that is as far as it goes."
               Ryan was shocked at the contents of the conversation he was over hearing.  First because he hadn't realized until now how much Amanda had used him last night, and the callous way she described everything hurt.  She had him thinking already that he was in love with her or something after last night but apparently it wasn't like that because she just intended to keep using him for her own purposes.
            The second shock was because Amanda was so dead set against blow jobs. Something every male loves. 
             From the conversation he also surmised that his mother felt the same way and had no intention of giving Timmy a blow job either.
               We'll see about that, Ryan fumed to himself as he rushed back into the kitchen when he saw that Amanda was hanging up the phone.
                  He was sitting innocently at the kitchen table, eating his toast when Amanda appeared in the doorway.
                 She looked at him, appearing startled to see him there.
                 "Oh, I thought you were still sleeping,'
                   "No, I got up a few minutes ago, decided I needed something to eat after last night. I am starved," he said with a knowing smirk.
                  Amanda ignored his look and busied herself by pouring a cup of coffee.
                 I can make you some bacon and eggs," she said peering at him over the top of her coffee cup.
               "Sure, sunny side up."
                Neither of them said anything as Amanda went about preparing some breakfast.
                Amanda looked closely at him, trying to read his face to see if he had heard any of her conversation but Ryan's look gave away nothing so she shrugged her shoulders.
               "Didn't matter anyway," she told herself.
                "I am in control of that boy and he is going to stay under my control, all I have to do is keep fucking him and he will be a perfect little stud boy for me.  By the looks of it, it will probably be every weekend, he will probably love that.  What other teenage boy can boast about getting laid every weekend by a very beautiful and experienced woman."
                 Ryan saw Amanda giving him the occasional look but pretended not to notice.
                "I'll let have her way with me for a while, let her think she controls me but when the time is right, when she gets used to having all that money rolling in, then I will make my move and she will be sucking cock or else.  I'll tell Timmy about it too, we'll make our plans together so that neither one of these women will have a choice."