Mechanical Bull Show
byVetman©

My normally conservative wife is a closet exhibitionist, especially when she drinks. The occasional alcoholic drink to her is the one true aphrodisiac, the more she drinks, the hornier she can get. The hornier she gets the more she enjoys flirting and teasing other guys, which turns her on even more, which makes for great sex for me. She figures that teasing is fun and harmless, particularly since I don't mind, but she insists that she would not have sex with anyone other than me because she is afraid it would ultimately destroy our relationship. 

Betty has a very cute, smiling face, blonde hair and a great body with full, large breasts. She knows she attracts attention, even when she's dressed conservatively. While I enjoy watching guys looking at Betty and encourage her to dress in her sexy, revealing outfits, she normally dresses attractively, but conservatively. When she's not in the mood, it's can be difficult to talk her into wearing sexy outfits. Normally she tells me that she is very satisfied just noticing a man's approving sideways glance. 

I help her fantasize during foreplay for sex, and have learned over time that she gets turned on the most whenever I talk about exposing herself to strange men. Some of the best fantasies for her are getting into a situation where young, inexperienced men watch her naked while they masturbate, or a situation where she is helpless to prevent a group of horny young guys from exploring her body. While most of these fantasies remain in the bedroom, occasionally circumstances come together to allow some wild things to happen, as I have related in other stories of our experiences. When I play on these fantasies, she is more inclined to wear the revealing little outfits that I'm always buying her, usually if she wants to turn me on for the evening, and especially when we are away from home.

Once she gets turned-on, usually with the help of a few drinks, my conservative wife can change into a teasing exhibitionist, willing to show herself off and excited at making horny men lust for her. She will innocently let the wind blow her skirt up, bend over in a short skirt to show her panties or display her breasts, wear slightly shear skirts with no slip, or let a bikini top slip.

Circumstances started to come together one evening recently when Betty and I stopped off to check out a new up-scale shopping/entertainment mall complex about 15 miles from our house that included several restaurants, nightclubs, bars and upscale shops. As we strolled around we came to a large restaurant and bar that featured a mechanical bull near the entrance, between the huge bar area and the restaurant area.

Watching from outside by the large front window, we were very amused watching a guy getting bounced around and then thrown from the bull to the very thickly padded floor. Intrigued by this unusual entertainment, we went into the bar for a few drinks to watch more people ride the bull. 

There were some girls and a lot of guys in the large bar area and standing around one side of the bull pit watching the action. Dinner patrons were seated around the other side of the bull pit and beyond watching the show while they ate. The bull was also visible to people walking by outside who stopped at the large front window to watch as we had. Surprisingly, more than half of the riders turned out to be girls, some very sexy, and several pretty drunk, many coming in from or going to the other nearby dance clubs and bars. Most of the girls put on a sexy show for their boyfriends or the guys at the bar rather than challenge the bucking bull. The bull's operator was very adept at making the bull move more gently for the girls in ways to display their attributes or violently to throw the macho guys off. 

The nice thing about living in South Florida is the way girls dress all year, but especially in the summertime. Sexy, revealing little casual outfits that you would occasionally see in the summer up north are typical wear down here all the time. After watching awhile, I noticed that the guys became more attentive and moved closer to the bull pit whenever a girl in a promising outfit volunteered. It soon became apparent that the operator was very talented at moving the bull in just the right ways to intentionally jiggle or expose their breasts, and raise any skirts. Girls just arriving didn't seem to watch the action closely enough to figure out what the operator was capable of, but most of the guys picked up on it quickly.

I watched the operator swing one very large breasted girl with no bra quickly back and forth , and up and down to make her huge breasts swing wildly inside her shirt for the guy's enjoyment. Whenever she tried to hold her breasts with her arm the operator would buck the bull enough that she'd have to grab for the strap and again free her breasts. This was the routine he used on all of the big chested girls that volunteered. He bounced another girl with a low cut top up and down quickly enough that one breast popped completely out of the top to the cheers of the guys. He was adept at moving the bull enough so that the girls had to hang on and could not get a hand free to cover their exposure, but gently enough so as not to throw them off too quickly or frighten other girls who were deciding whether to ride or not. 

I was very surprised when one well built girl in a snuggly fitting, long dress, who had been dining toward the back of the restaurant walked up and volunteered to ride (probably on a bet from her husband or date coupled with the alcohol). The smile on the operator's face told me he was going to enjoy giving her a ride. The assistant helped her up onto the bull with only a brief flash of thigh. She carefully tucked her skirt under her in the back and between her legs and securely held onto the strap before the operator started gently rolling the bull around. Suddenly the bull lurched repeatedly forward and back, which caused her dress to creep out from under her. The bull then pitched slowly forward and back, but just fast enough to raise her ass off of the bull and cause her skirt to ride up. Each time she pitched forward she lifted up to expose her very brief panties and well formed cheeks from the back. She vainly tried to keep pulling her dress down as it inched toward her waist, but couldn't because the operator would give her an extra lurch sideways which made her keep grabbing for the strap. He pitched the bull's head toward the floor and tail up which threw her forward, lying on the bull's head. As he swung the bull quickly around, the force held her in this position with her skirt up to her waist, her butt raised and panties completely exposed. As she turned, unable to sit back up, all the guys in the bar area cheered loudly and the dinner patrons got a good view. She finally slipped off and fell to the deeply padded floor with her legs spread and her skirt at her waist giving everyone a final good show as she struggled to get up. 

I found it particularly erotic when a girl with jeans, a very transparent blouse and half cup bra got on. The guys did not crowd around the bull pit initially because the outfit did not appear all that promising for any exposure. After moving her around seductively for a minute, the experienced operator bounced her rapidly up and down which caused her breasts to pop out of the top of her bra. Her nipples were clearly on display through the transparent top with her breasts held up by the supporting bra cups. Despite the cheer that arose, she was completely unaware of her exposure as he continued moving her slowly and seductively for several more minutes and turning her so that everyone got a long look. Seeing her nipples openly on display to the crowd without her being aware was a huge turn on.

I was standing at the bar, tall enough to see all the action over the guy's heads standing around the bull pit. Betty was seated on the bar stool and couldn't see over the guys as well and didn't pick up on the amount of exposure actually going on, or how well the operator could cause it. She did notice though that the girls in the sexier outfits were getting a lot of cheers and attention form the guys. What she had not picked up on was that the guy's cheers were the loudest in response to the girls being exposed.

I was very turned on for the next two weeks thinking about seeing the girls being helplessly exposed on the bull. I was fantasizing a lot about seeing Betty exposed on the bull in front of the room full of men. I was having doubts that I could ever talk her into getting on the bull since she had seen some of the men thrown violently off. 

During foreplay for sex, I talked about how sexy the girls had looked on the bull, and how much of a turn on it must be for them to have all those men getting hard watching them display themselves. Laying there after some great sex, I talked casually about the mechanical bull, reinforcing the idea that there were two standards- a rough ride for the men and a gentle, complementary ride for the girls who wanted to act sexy on the bull. I told her that I had noticed that the sexier the girl tried to act, the gentler the operator was to encourage her. This wasn't completely true, because the operator had moved some of the girls very aggressively if he thought he could expose them. 

I told her what an especially strong turn on it had been seeing one girls panties exposed to all the guys and the other girls breasts moving around in her blouse. I told her the loudest cheer had been when one girl's nipple had briefly come into view. I knew the idea of getting a room full of men turned on would an exciting fantasy for her to think about. I didn't mention the girl's breasts being completely exposed for an extended time since she hadn't seen that over the guys in front of her and I didn't want her realizing how exposing the ride could be. 

Two weeks later we were going out to see a concert by one of our favorite performers at the auditorium and the route would take us near the restaurant with the bull. I was turned on about the possibility of visiting it again and was fantasizing all the time about somehow getting Betty drunk enough to talk her into getting on the bull. 

With the possibility in mind, I coaxed Betty into wearing a very short, and sexy sundress that she knew really turns me on. The dress was cut exceptionally well for her body and hid the slight bulge of her tummy so well that she felt very confident and sexy when wearing it (Is any women every satisfied with how flat their tummy is?) It was a soft material, tight fitting at the hips, with a very short flaring skirt that showed off her long shapely legs. The two thin straps held up a low neckline that revealed a lot of her exciting, braless cleavage. The dress buttoned up the front with spherical pearl buttons. I especially liked how easily I could pop the small buttons open with one hand while driving when I reached in to feel her wonderful full breast and hard nipple. The only problem with the dress was that a button would sometimes pop open in the middle where it was tight at her hips or the second button from the top from the strain of her full breasts. 

While she was applying her makeup, I went into her drawer and pulled out a pair of very shear thong panties that I had recently bought her. She felt sexy wearing them and knew that I would get turned on imagining them the whole evening and would also cope a feel of her bare ass once in a while.

I started working on her early on the way to the concert, slipping my hand under her little skirt and lightly touching her crotch. I pulled out the "pocket rocket" vibrator that I keep in the car and held the head against her clit for a few miles as she sat with her legs obligingly wide open. Her pussy was swollen and panties wet by the time we reached the auditorium.

There was a light breeze blowing as we walked from the parking area up to the auditorium and I knew the guys walking behind us were getting quick glimpses of her beautifully bare cheeks. Inside we had to ascend an open stairway to get to our seats. As we turned at the landing and headed up the second flight, I glanced down at the people coming up the first flight. I was envious of the incredible view that two or three of the guys were getting as they looked up Betty's short dress.

I stopped at the bar before going to our seats to order us some drinks. When she asked for a light wine, I whined. I talked her into a stronger drink saying that I wanted both of us to get loose for some especially good sex later. At the intermission I got her a double drink on the pretext that I didn't want to wait in line if it wasn't enough.

As I expected, she got a little buzzed on the drinks since we had only had a light snack before going to the concert. After fighting the traffic to get back out to the highway, I suggested we stop for a bite at the restaurant with the mechanical bull for some entertainment while we ate and maybe stop in at one of the nightclubs. She agreed, which started my pulse racing a little faster. Step one was working. I reached across and slipped my hand into the top of her dress and caressed her hard nipple as we drove. I undid the top button to expose more cleavage. I whined when she started to re-button it before leaving the car. She said that the top was revealing enough buttoned, but finally agreed to leave it unbuttoned for me after saying that "you're never satisfied".

When we arrived, we had to wait for a table so I bought each of us a drink at the bar. I saw guys checking her out with looks that said, "God please let her ride the bull". Without asking I ordered her a Manhattan which gets her loose pretty quickly. A table was ready by the time we finished the drink. At the table I ordered a second round of drinks. She knows that sex is really good when we are both tipsy so she went along with me ordering another Manhattan. She is careful about her weight so she ordered a large salad for dinner, which I knew wouldn't offset the alcohol very much. Before she could protest, I ordered a refill as soon as she finished her drink.

My seat was directly facing the bull and she had to turn a little to watch, so I was selectively calling her attention to the bull riders. I pointed out a hot looking girl in shorts who got on the bull facing backwards with her feet on the bulls back and acted very seductive as the bull moved slowly around and up and down. She shook her chest back and forth to the guys cheering and dropped her legs down on either side of the bull. With both hands on the bulls back, she moved her crotch back and forth on its back and gave the guys a suggestive look. Betty commented on how sexy the girl's performance was and how horny the guys were acting. She was talking a little louder than normal and I could tell she was feeling the drinks quite a bit. The operator gave the girl a long ride and let her hop off gently when she was finished. 

I ordered another Manhattan as I finally started Step 2 when I suggested that she could make them a whole lot hornier than that girl had and that I 'd really get turned on watching her up there. She laughed and said no way was she getting on that bull in this outfit. She said that she was a little drunk and knew that she would make a fool of herself falling off the bull. She also protested that the dress was too short and would show too much as she got on and off. "So what", I said, working on her fantasy. "I'd get really horny if they got a quick flash of your bare ass and you'd send a lot of guys home with a hard on thinking about it." I knew that would play to her fantasy.

As she watched other riders, I noticed that her legs had fallen open pretty wide and she was leaning on the table supporting her head in her hand. Her skirt had ridden up so high that she was drawing a lot of attention from the guy at the next table. I knew she was feeling the drinks pretty good, and from experience knew she should be very horny by now. 

I kept suggesting how excited the guys would get from her teasing them on the bull. She laughed and argued that they wanted to watch young girls not an old lady like her. "Bullshit," I said, "You may be 34 but you're better built that most of the other girls here and a lot sexier. I guarantee you you'll make most of those guys hard watching". 

As she sipped some of the fourth drink, I pointed out a young girl who was obviously very drunk getting onto the bull. She also had a sundress on, but longer than my Betty's. The operator was aware of how drunk she was and had to give her a pretty gentle ride to keep her on the bull. He stopped whenever she started sliding off the side to let her pull herself back up. He managed to get her on her back briefly, which exposed her crotch as he swung her around, but she managed to sit back up, swung her leg across and jumped down after a fairly short ride. 

I pointed out how much drunker that girl had been and that she did just fine. "Come on, do it." She laughed and said, " I don't know" which was better than "no way". I told her that I had noticed that people tipped the operator before getting onto the bull. If the tip was small he apparently gave a rougher ride in retribution. I told her I would tip him $10 to make sure she got a gentle ride. I suggested that it would really excite me if she should look me in the eyes the whole time she was riding and give me her sexiest moves. She still said, "I don't know", which encouraged me since it wasn't "no".

After she drank more of her drink, I said lets go up and I'll ride the bull. She laughed really hard and said "This I have to see". I held her arm as we walked over and could feel her weaving a little so I knew her judgment wouldn't be good. When we got to the sign-in area I saw all eyes go to her, daring to hope that she might ride. We moved into the roped off area for the riders and I asked to sign up. The assistant gave me the "at your own risk form" to sign. I walked over to the operator who was looking at Betty and grinning. I held up a $5 bill in my hand and told him that if he made sure that I got a gentle ride, we may be able to get her up there. He smiled widely and said "absolutely." 

As I took off my shoes, I noticed the crowd started building around the wall of the bull pit as guys crowded in from the bar area and some walked over from the dining area. Since they were eagerly checking her out, I realized they were anticipating that Betty was going to ride since she was standing inside the roped off area with me.

When the previous rider finished, I walked across the thick padding and jumped up on the bull. I smiled at Betty as the bull ride started and saw her laughing back at me. As the bull slowly pitched forward and back, I found it very easy holding the strap between my legs with my other arm up in the air. I had to be getting the easiest ride any guy got all night. When it stopped, I swung my leg across and hopped down.

"Your turn," I said as I stepped out of the pit and noticed the number of guys crowding the bull pit. "It was easy." 

" OK, you're next," the operator said, gesturing toward the bull.

"I don't think so," she said to him, handing me my shoes. Enough guys standing close to us heard her remark and started cheering for her to ride. She broke into an embarrassed grin as the guys kept cheering her- "come on! come on! Go!Go!"! The operator also coaxed her. "There's nothing to it, give it a try."

She looked at me grinning and said, "I don't know about this". I could see her nipples standing out through her dress as hard as rocks. I knew she was getting very turned on from the guys cheering and really did want to tease them on the bull. I leaned in close and said "do it for me".

Grinning beautifully, she hesitated a moment before saying, "Oh all right, but you better tip him good". 


As she gestured to the assistant to hand her the consent form, a loud cheer went up from several guys in the audience who realized she was actually going to ride. As she slipped her shoes off I held up a $10 bill to the grinning operator and said, "Have fun". 

Smiling, she made her way unsteadily to the bull across the thick padding, and stopped at its side. For the first time she realized how high it was. With a laugh she turned and asked for help getting on. I dropped my shoes, but the operator's assistant had moved quickly to her side to help. He stooped down and cupped his hands for her to step into. As she jumped up and swung her leg over, her skirt lifted way up to show the already excited audience that her ass was bare in the thong. "Oh Yeah!" rang out.

With her legs spread on either side of the bull, her skirt had slid up in the front to display her shear panties, which the operator's assistant was openly staring at. She realized her exposure immediately and pushed her skirt down between her legs and tucked it under her, but there wasn't much material available. She reached back to tuck her skirt under her in the back before reaching between her legs to hold the strap with both hands. She looked at the operator who indicated that she should hold one of her arms over her head. Hesitantly, she raised one arm up and the bull started swinging around. 

I noticed that several guys were holding up their cell phones and realized that they were anticipating her exposure and were going to take pictures. They didn't have long to wait.

Betty was laughing openly as the bull was slowly turning around, trying to strike a sexy pose. She dropped her arm to the bull's neck as it started pitching slowly forward and back. The pitching increased until it was just enough to lift Betty off the bull as she pitched forward and back down as the bull pitched backward. Her skirt popped out from under her immediately. A cheer erupted as her bare ass came into view every time she pitched forward. Slowly her skirt inched up in the back to display her cute cheeks continuously. 

The bull resumed turning slowly and Betty managed to tug her skirt down quickly, but barely managed to tuck it under her. Looking at me, Betty struck a sexy pose by pulling her shoulders back, thrusting out her chest and raising one arm. This elicited a cheer, which I new would turn her on tremendously knowing her audience was responding to her.

As she continued posing, the bull started pitching slowly forward and back while still turning. Her dress easily broke free again and popped up, again exposing her beautiful cheeks to the cheering crowd. 

Suddenly the operator started swinging the bull back & forth rapidly, as though the bull was shaking his head "no". This caused her breasts to swing wildly back and forth, threatening to escape her low top as she held on, laughing hard. As the motion continued, the tight dress material at her hips moved toward her waist for equilibrium, until exposing more than half of her bare ass. Realizing her exposure, she tried to reach back and tug the dress down again, but the operator quickly pitched the bull, making her grab for the strap and leaving her cute ass on display. From my vantage point, even with her hand holding the strap between her thighs, I could clearly see the exposed shear crotch of her panties. The little trimmed dark patch just above her lips was plainly visible behind her hand.

Suddenly, the bull started bouncing up & down rapidly. Betty placed her free hand behind her on the bull's rump to help steady her with the other hand still tightly gripping the strap. This motion bounced her breasts vertically up and down in the very low cut top that couldn't possibly contain them. A loud cheer erupted when her right breast easily popped out. At first just her very erect nipple appeared, but within a few more bounces her entire breast broke free and swung up & down. Camera phones were held up as Betty held on, unable to do anything about her breast being completely exposed to the cheering crowd. 

When she finally moved her hand toward her exposed breast, the bull lurched sideways and Betty almost fell off, grabbing for the bulls head to maintain her balance. The operator slowed the bull and she managed to pull herself back up. When she was again centered she reached to her breast but immediately had to move it back when the operator quickly made the bulls head shake back and forth again rapidly. The strain must have popped some buttons, because suddenly both breasts were completely exposed, swinging back & forth from her now open top to very loud cheering.

The operator switched to slowly pitching the bull again while rotating it slowly around, so that everyone was getting a good view of her exposure. Betty reached to cover her breasts and struggled to pull the dress closed over them, but the open buttons would not let the material stay in place long and they just popped right back out when the shaking resumed and she had to drop her hand back to the bull. 

With her breasts fully exposed, she was completely ignoring her skirt, which had ridden, all the way up to her waist, displaying almost her entire bare ass to the cheering audience and their camera phones. The sight of her bare ass and exposed breasts on display to the crowd was incredibly erotic and seemed to be getting well photographed. 

The operator, probably trying to keep her from covering her breasts successfully, suddenly reversed direction, which caught Betty by surprise. She started to fall sideways and grabbed for the strap with her free hand, but was too far-gone to recover. She had slipped half way off of the bull, one leg hanging straight down, the other leg still over the bulls back, clutching the strap with both hands. She held on, laughing too hard to pull herself back up, with her skirt at her waist and her beautiful, bare ass completely exposed to the wildly cheering crowd. As the bull turned away I was shocked to see that her thong had pulled way over to one side, completely exposing her pussy to the already horny audience. Even worse, with the one leg over the bull spreading her legs so far apart, her swollen pussy was gapping open, obscenely displaying the most private part of her body to the leering crowd surrounding the pit and to their camera phones.

Since I was standing near the lecherous operator, I was getting the best view of her exposure since he positioned her for his benefit. I could hear comments from several of the guys near me as they stared at her open crotch. "Oh yeah, yeah."

"Check out the cunt!" "Holy Shit, do you see that?" "That bitch is showing everything."

After staring at her helpless exposure for himself, the operator rotated the bull to make sure everyone else got a good look at her incredible exposure. and then slowed the bull to give Betty a chance to recover and pull herself back up. To everyone's disappointment though, she took the opportunity to slide her other leg over the bulls back, and dropped off. She immediately clutched her top together to cover her breasts and moved away from the bull. She lost her balance in the thick padding and went down, giving everyone another quick flash as she struggled to get up.

As she managed to walk unsteadily toward me, laughing, the crowd of guys around the bull pit started chanting "more, more, more"! She acknowledged them, laughing, and shaking her head no as she buttoned her top closed, but still standing inside the bull pit. "That wasn't too bad, except for this stupid top", she told me, grinning. I knew she was loose from the alcohol and tremendously turned on from having been exposed to so many horny men. 

Two or three industrious guys held up money as they implored her and started yelling for donations from the others. Other guys started passing dollar bills to the guys near the pit entrance and joined the chorus "More, more"! Laughing, she again shook her head "no". The operator moved over near her and told her that she couldn't disappoint her audience. Surprisingly she looked at me for help and I said with a grin "More"! 

Even though I knew from experience that she would be incredibly excited from the combination of the alcohol and the guy's reaction, I was surprised that she was actually hesitating and listening to the encouragement to get back on. She knew her breasts had been exposed, but I was sure she wasn't aware that her wide-open pussy had been completely exposed and on display to all these guys for so long. One of the guys near me held up the wad of money for her and dropped it into the pit. With her judgment impaired by the alcohol, the idea that the guys were tipping her was the final encouragement that did it. 

Checking to make sure that all her buttons were secure, including the top button this time, she told the operator she would only do it if he kept the bull real slow. When he nodded she turned and walked back to the bull with the operator right behind her. A loud cheer erupted when they realized she was actually going to get back on the bull. 

As I looked around I realized that the crowd had grown much larger than when she first started. People who had been watching through the glass from outside were now crowding around the bull pit five and six deep to get a better view. The smiling operator helped her back up on the bull, getting a good close up look at her trimmed pussy through the shear material as she swung her leg over its back. 

After she carefully tucked her skirt firmly into place, smiling, she looked up at the operator back at his controls. Smiling, he was twirling his hand over his head telling her to turn around and ride backwards. Since she had seen a girl riding backwards earlier, she understood, but hesitated. He kept ordering her to turn, like she had no option, and suddenly, to my surprise, she started to comply. 

As she moved her left leg over and then her right leg over, she couldn't help but expose her crotch to the horny audience. She again tucked her skirt under her in the back and tried raising her legs and resting them on the bulls back, but realized immediately that this gave everyone a clear view up her skirt. As she dropped her legs down on either side of the bull and reached for the strap behind her, I realized why he had wanted her to turn. Without the bulls head in the way and her hand between her legs holding the strap, her very transparent crotch was now completely exposed with her short skirt stretched across the top of her legs. I could very clearly see her little trimmed wisp of dark hair and open pussy lips through the shear material. As camera phones were raised, she was suddenly aware of her exposure and why this was a really bad position for her to be in with the short little skirt. With an annoyed look at the operator, she pushed her skirt down in the front trying to make it tuck under her, but it was stretched to tight and too short to tuck much in. 

Just as she started to turn back around, the bull started moving in circles. At this point, her only choice was to hold her skirt down in the front with her free hand. She smiled, gaining confidence with the slowly moving bull, and tried to strike a sexy pose, still holding her skirt between her legs. With a grin, the operator started pitching her forward and backward, slowly at first but then increasing the rate until forcing her to stop protecting her crotch with her hand and move it to rest on the bull's rump for support. Still turning in slow circles, he increased the rate of pitch to bounce her up slightly up off of the bull's back. This freed her skirt, which started slipping up to her waist. With her legs spread wide apart on either side of the bull, the leering audience could clearly see her pussy through the very transparent material of her panties. The outburst of cheering as she turned told me that those lucky enough to be in the first rows were enjoying her exposure. She tried vainly a few times to reach for the skirt between her legs, but holding the strap behind her back with one hand was awkward, so she was forced abandon her skirt and keep her other hand resting firmly on the bull's rump for support. 

Her hand behind her back was also pulling her dress tighter across her breasts and the motion was straining those little buttons. The operator started swinging the bull back and forth to make her breasts swing around which became too much for the already strained buttons. I noticed the second and third buttons down had popped open displaying a lot of flesh in the opening. 

Her back was to me when the top button finally let go, but I knew immediately that her breast had been exposed from the loud cheer that went up. As the bull finally turned toward me, both of her wonderful, full breasts were visible and swinging around. More buttons let go from the strain until her top was open almost to her waist. She was laughing hard, and completely helpless to do anything about her exposure as one shoulder strap slipped down to her elbow. Her awesome breasts with their incredibly hard nipples were now completely free and on display to the staring audience.

In her awkward position, the bull's motion was causing her shear thong panties to pull up into her swollen lips, exposing her pussy on either side of the narrow material. As the motion continued, the tiny panties were disappearing up into her and more and more of her bare pussy was being exposed.

As she looked like she might be loosing her balance, the operator slowed the bull to let her recover. Not trusting him by now, she kept her free hand on the bull's rump for support. With both shoulder straps down to her elbows she looked almost naked except for the band of material around her waist and the thin strip of shear material barely covering her pussy. Many camera phones were raised trying to capture the sight.

Now that the operator had so successfully exposed her, his challenge was to keep her on display for as long as he could. He turned her slowly as he rocked her back and forth for all to see, giving her an extra jolt now and then whenever she moved a hand to cover herself. The cheering had drawn more people passing by and the area around the bull pit was packed.

Watching any girl so helplessly exposed in front of such a large crowd of guys in such a public setting would be very exciting. Seeing someone's innocent wife exposed in this way would make it even more exciting. Watching my wife helplessly exposed to so many guys was such a tremendous turn-on that I had a major hard-on. 

She yelled to the operator and signaled him to stop, which he surprisingly respected. She was still smiling but looked truly embarrassed as she pulled her straps back up and clutched her dress closed in the front as the crowd continued cheering. She swung her leg over the side of the bull and slid off, again losing her balance and falling to the padding onto her back, still clutching her top. I moved quickly to help her up and assist her out of the bull pit, a little worried that she might be upset at how much she had been exposed. The operator's assistant gathered up the money and handed it to her. 

As she buttoned her top closed she smiled and said, "That was bad. This was definitely the wrong dress for that". I thought, no it was the perfect dress for that. She moved close like she wanted to say something in my ear and surprised me when her hand went to my crotch and gave my hard cock a quick squeeze, not really caring at this point who might see. "Glad you enjoyed it, I wonder how many more are like that". 

"Plenty", I assured her. 

She wanted to head for the ladies room to put get herself together and put her shoes on. As we moved out of the roped off area, the operator called over that drinks were on the house. Betty yelled back thanks but that we had more than enough.

I led the way squeezing through the crowd, with Betty right behind me. Halfway thru I heard her say, "Whoop" and turned. She said its ok, keep going. 

When she came out of the ladies room, she said to hold out my hand and gave me her wadded up thong. "If you don't fuck me soon I'm going to go back up on the bull again like this". 

"Go ahead", I dared.

As we neared the mall parking lot, she suddenly pulled away a few steps and laughed, "Watch this". She lifted one side of her skirt and twirled around to flash me, and a few very lucky men nearby. "More" I shouted. She laughed, turned around, bent over and flipped her skirt up over her back. A few guys had stopped to gawk by the time she slipped her arm around me and continued toward the parking lot. For their benefit I dropped my hand down her back and back up under her skirt to grab her bare cheek and kept it there as we walked to the car. 

After making sure that no one had followed us, I pushed her onto her back in the rear seat and buried my face in her pussy, sucking and licking her clit like a man possessed until she came with a lot of yelling and shaking. Then I pushed her legs up and entered her. After fucking hard and deep we finally moved into the front seat for the drive home.

I pulled out the pocket rocket as we drove. With her legs spread wide open and the pocket rocket vibrating her soaking clit, I started describing the incredible sight of her exposure on the bull. After I described how completely her wide-open, exposed pussy had been on display, she was getting real close to yet another orgasm. She started stroking me at the same time, and started describing the groping that had occurred as we pushed our way to the ladies room. She had felt several hands grab her ass and a couple had reached under her dress to grope her bare ass as she pushed through the crowd. One hand had copped a quick squeeze of her breast as she passed. Her yell had been in response to the one anonymous hand that had slipped between her legs from the front and groped her pussy quickly. 

"Next time I'll leave my panties off and really.....give...... them....... a ........show...." she mumbled as she went over the edge of another intense orgasm.

The experience was incredibly exciting and still is often the subject of our foreplay conversation. My one regret is that I couldn't get any pictures of her on the bull for myself. She had another chance to ride a bull again at a country and western dance bar we found when we visited the Midwest on business. While her panties were on display quite a bit, and her nipple made an appearance, she wasn't exposed nearly as much as the first time.

If any one out there captured any pictures of girls being exposed on the mechanical bull, send them to me and I'll show my appreciation by sending some sexy and nude pictures of my Betty in return. If I'm really lucky, it might even be Betty in your pictures.
