Oh My God I’m Naked Too
by Stevew
Copyright© 2021 by Stevew

Sarah had been thirteen when her sister had awakened her to help her wash the paint from her body. Afterward Victoria had told her how she had gotten herself painted like that. The story excited her and she wondered what it must have been like to have had that done to her. Unlike her sister she was no stranger to self pleasure and after her sister had gone to her own bed she quietly pleasured herself thinking about it. In fact over the next several months she had several fantasies in which it was she who was being painted.

By the time her fourteenth birthday rolled around however she had moved on to other fantasies, though in the back of her mind she sill wondered what it would be like. Victoria had allowed herself to be painted a few more times and had kept herself shaven between her legs to make it easy for them to do so. Sarah had noticed her sister’s clean shaven mound when she’d helped her wash the paint off of her and started doing it as well.

At first It felt odd to feel her clothes rubbing against clean shaven slit, but the more she did it the better she liked it. Now she couldn’t imagine ever letting the hair grow back. It simply felt too good being clean down there.

It was six months after her fourteenth birthday when it happened. She had snuck out of the house to go to a party at the local college in which one girl friends was going to. She was wearing a cropped t-shirt and denim shorts. There was lots of drinking and dancing at the party and she became quite drunk.

She wasn’t sure exactly how came to be there but she found herself in a room with a man totally naked and he was painting her. Her friend Angela, whom she’d gone to the party with, was laying on the bed watching. She too was naked awaiting her turn to be painted. By this point the painting had taken long enough that Sarah was almost sober, only feeling a slight buzz. Angela on the other hand was still quite drunk as she was downing another beer. Sarah looked at herself in the full length mirror when he was done. She appeared to be fully dressed though she knew she was quite the opposite. The man was now working on Angela and soon she fullydressed in her painted on outfit as well. Both look to be wearing the same clothing they had been wearing to the party only now the clothing was paint instead of actual clothes.

They went back down to the party and continued drinking and dancing. Both of the girls were invited to to rooms by a couple of guys who happened to share the same room. At first there was a bit of a debate as to who would get the room first, but the girls solution was to share the room together. Neither had ever been with a boy before and were a little nervous about it anyway, though they both wanted to loose their virginities.

Both girls started kissing their prospective guys and undressing them. Both of the men got a surprise when they found the girls weren’t actually wearing anything but paint. They were both a little disappointed not to be able to see the girls naked, but delighted at the ease of being able to get right into them. Neither of the girls had hymens having used carrots rid themselves of that problem long ago. After riding their guys to mutual orgasms several times. The men used wet washcloths to remove the paint from the girls bodies and fucked again this time switching partners.

After their tryst the girls snuck down the hall to the room in which they had been painted got their clothes and got dressed, during which time it hit them both at about the same time. “Oh my god I’m naked.” Neither of them said a word as they walked home.

