Prologue
Well, if it isn't Xena, the Warrior Princess herself, Isiphae thought. The woman and her patron sat in a discreet corner of the hideaway tavern. Her arm paused in mid air as she gazed at the leather clad warrior woman from Amphipolis. Until then, the patron at her side did not notice that what little attention Isiphae had been paying to him had been all but lost to the Warrior Princess.

The woman finished the remaining contents of her wine goblet and swallowed hard. She had not seen Xena in nearly three winters and the presence of the warrior woman was as resplendent as ever. The memories of Xena as a regular visitor to her quarters flooded her consciousness in a tidal wave of passion. She had heard that Xena killed Darphus and joined up with Hercules, the do-gooder, but she had not seen the Warrior Princess since. Other stories came to her about Xena killing other warlords for the greater good and Isiphae supposed that once the blood lust got into a warrior's blood, it could not be eradicated. Xena must be releasing her passions on the blonde bard she travelled with now, Isiphae surmised. Her finger surreptitiously traced the scar above her breast as she remembered how Xena always came to her when the warrior lust after battle got too overwhelming. She smiled at the memory just as the Warrior Princess spotted her in the dim tavern and headed her way.

Chapter One
Xena and Gabrielle reached the big city by nightfall and approached the inn. The bard had insisted that they spend several days in Athens because Xena had been acting a bit skittish and needed a respite from the wild forest. Ever since their nightmarish encounter with the Horde, the warrior rarely slept for more than an hour at a time. Many nights she spent sitting up while Gabrielle slept. When she did doze off to get some much needed sleep, she frequently found herself suddenly standing in a defensive position, sword in hand, when Gabrielle had merely turned over in her sleep. As well, she refused to speak to Gabrielle about what was troubling her and Xena was beginning to tire of the bard's exasperated sighs. Xena hoped the distractions of the big city would calm her down and they could resume some sort of normalcy to their lives.

After boarding Argo at the stables for the week, the two women entered the inn and sat down for the evening meal. Very little was said as they ate their food and then rose to retire to their room. Neither of them noticed the three warrior women who blended in with the boisterous crowd as they watched Xena and Gabrielle's every move.

Gabrielle curled her arm tightly around Xena's waist. Xena enjoyed the soft curves of the bard pressing against her back as Gabrielle lightly played with the warrior's hair, sweeping the dark mane off her shoulder. She brushed her lips against Xena's skin and the warrior shuddered at the sensuous kiss. Gabrielle continued to trail soft kisses along the warrior's well muscled biceps as Xena's loins stirred from an unspoken need within her. The bard's tongue reached Xena's neck and lightly grazed the fine hairs with her mouth as she breathed hotly into the warrior's ear.

"Xena, please, it's been too long," she whispered as she sought out Xena's lips and hungrily tasted her waiting mouth. Xena turned her body to accept the bard's invitation. Gabrielle climbed atop the warrior's prone body as she covered Xena's face with soft kisses and followed a wet trail down to her neck. She nipped at the soft flesh eliciting a moan of pleasure from Xena.

"Xena, let me please you. I want you. All of you," she emphasised. Gabrielle grabbed hold of one of Xena's hands. She pressed it to her lips and drew one index finger into her mouth twirling her tongue seductively around the digit. Xena withdrew her hand and sat up. She yanked at Gabrielle's hair, tilted back her head and fervently smothered the bard's mouth with her own. Xena abruptly rolled over top Gabrielle leaning her entire weight against the smaller woman's frame as she began to unleash the wild passions that had been bottled up for weeks. The bard gasped for air and moaned into Xena's throat. The smaller woman's legs were parted by one of Xena's muscled thighs as the warrior's callused hand aggressively massaged the bard's alabaster skin. Xena continued to ravish the bard's mouth as she seized first one of Gabrielle's wrists, then the other and pinned them above her head.

Gabrielle struggled against the constraint of Xena's hand but the warrior increased the pressure on her wrists. The imprisonment of the bard's hands proved to be an intoxicating aphrodisiac for the Warrior Princess. The juices between her legs flowed freely and she smeared her damp centre against Gabrielle's thigh. The bard arched her breasts toward Xena wordlessly indicating their need for attention. The invitation was not lost on Xena as she broke her kiss away from Gabrielle's mouth. She reached inside her leather tunic and brandished her breast dagger admiring the gleam of metal reflected off the blade. She breathed heavily in anticipation and her hand shook as she slid the blade under the bard's green halter top. With expert precision, Xena sliced the coarse material in half exposing Gabrielle's delicate breasts to the night air. She let the cold metal of the blade draw a circle around an erect nipple raising welts on the tender flesh. Gabrielle gasped. Xena smiled at the bard's reaction as she saw the panic rise in the younger woman's face. Her feral smile revealed the warrior lust that raged through her veins as it settled into a hot inferno between her legs. The Warrior Princess felt all the power of a mighty conqueror as she took the blade and began to carve an "X" on the bard's delicate breast.

"NO!!!" Gabrielle screamed.

"No!" Xena gasped.

Xena bolted upright as her heart pounded in her chest. Sweat matted her hair as she looked around the room and remembered where she was. A room above a tavern in Athens. She took in deep breaths as she tried to regain a regular breathing pattern. She was grateful that Gabrielle never stirred. She didn't want to have to tell her that she'd had yet another nightmare. Xena hadn't told the bard what her recent dreams were about, but it was the same one over and over again. There were many variations to it but they all boiled down to one thing. She was reliving her warlord days when she sometimes marked her lovers with her dagger. In those days, she could be loving and gentle when she wanted to be but she also had a need to mark her possessions. When one of her lovers was deemed hers and hers only, they were marked for life.

Their recent experience with the Horde forced Xena's troubling memories to bubble to the surface. At first she easily slipped into the leadership role that the Athenian compound had honoured her with and even relished the almost worshipful subservience of the men under her command. It scared her that she had been so easily swayed back to the dark side even though it was only for a short time. If it had not been for Gabrielle, she would have surely sent many more Athenian soldiers and the Horde to their deaths. She once again wondered to herself how she deserved such a bright soul as Gabrielle to be her moral guide. At the compound, she had tried to tell Gabrielle how much she loved her but it didn't come out like she wanted it to and she wasn't sure the bard understood what she meant.

However, for the last few weeks she had been distant and withdrawn not even allowing casual contact with the affectionate bard, and whenever Gabrielle attempted to make love, Xena routinely rebuffed her. As well, the warrior's verbal responses had been limited to one word syllables. Gabrielle tried to coax an explanation out of Xena but she refused to allow words to explain. She couldn't explain the nightmares because she couldn't explain the worst parts of her evil past. If she did, surely Gabrielle would leave her but she wasn't sure how much longer she could maintain her silence.

Xena got out of bed and looked out at the dark city streets below. Even in her warlord days, she didn't remember being so tense and edgy. The Horde had gotten under Xena's skin like no other opponent before. She thought the comfort of the crowded city would allay her fears but then the nightmares started unabated and they were always about Gabrielle. She had never wanted the worst parts of her past to intrude on her life with the young woman. She honestly thought she could keep the warrior lust at bay but it enticed her like the deadly flames of a funeral pyre. As she got closer to the flames, her stomach churned with longing at the remembrances of her lovers long past. The warrior lust threatened to explode to the surface and overcome her common sense. She was proud to be Gabrielle's protector but who would protect Gabrielle from the Warrior Princess? Xena knew that she could never reveal her dark side to the innocent bard but she would have to tell Gabrielle something and soon. After that, she didn't know how much longer Gabrielle would stay with her. Silent tears rolled down her eyes as she contemplated her dilemma. She sat down, lay back on the bed and closed her eyes but did not sleep for a long long time.