Loose gravel sprayed up from the tires of the car as White navigated the sloping, uphill driveway. He had passed beyond tired, and was now into the adrenalin fueled manic state that he had nearly forgotten the feel of, he had been on inactive duty so long. The back of his throat tasted of rotten metal and stomach acid, but he had managed to keep down the food he had eaten earlier, and surely that must be a good sign, he thought.

The house appeared as he crested the top of the drive, and relief surged though White. Safe. Yes, safe.

Double paned polymer windows, reinforced walls, high security central alarm system, filtered and double processed air system: all these things he had been without for what felt like a life time. But even with them, safety would still depend on his capacity to be awake and aware. He could be, yes, he would have to be.

He parked, gathered up a handgun from his bag, and went to check the house. The security system unlocked the door to his palm and retina, the heavy door then swinging open slowly as he turned the knob. The home office had indeed cleared the property for him, his handler obviously having conveyed the messages to them as soon as possible. But even with the security system, he knew better than to trust that the house was secure.

Room by room he moved, the gun raised and ready as he swept each of the rooms for any unexpected presence. The house smelled empty, but clean, of out gassing polycarbons and carpet shampoo, the lingering odors of a house empty of humans for many months. Bathrooms, bedrooms, den, kitchen, a porch overlooking what anyone else would have seen as a fantastic ocean view, storage closets, pantry, basement – each checked in turn, each found empty. He checked a second time, changing the path he took through the rooms and halls – still empty. Only then did he pocket the gun, sliding the safety with his thumb as he did.

He stood, only for a moment, awash in the pale cream and bland furnishings of the open plan den and kitchen, a numb void inside his skull where his thoughts should be churning.

Car, right. Supplies, right. Yes. Those next.

Each object he purchased went into its place, each item stored carefully where it should normally go, no single thing seemingly out of place. He was just another vacationer, provisioning an unused beach house for the first stay of the season. No one could tell any different if they didn't know. At last, everything was away.

Didn't know. White paused, looking around himself, blinking at the light coming through one of the windows. His mind suddenly lurched, yammering at him, his thoughts screaming that he still had something to do. Yes, he did.

He walked back out to the car, thoughts still a cacophony in his head; and grabbed the few last things from the back seat. Hefting the black duffle, heavy with unseen weight in it, his mind skittering around thoughts of what was inside, he walked into the house and found the furthest back closet from the kitchen. Unceremoniously he threw the duffle in before slamming the door, locking it, and breaking the lock.

Calm numbness blotted out any purpose but his next one, even muffling the chattering conflicting voices of reason and instinct as he moved back through the house. There was one last thing to do.

***

Black's thoughts wandered as he half dozed in the darkness of the car trunk. Images and thoughts flickered through his mind, a mix of dreams and memories that flowed nearly seamlessly into one another.

White's face, peacefully asleep, oblivious to Black's watching presence. The feelings that welled up in Black as he watched that peaceful slumber were a chaotic mess in of themselves. At first it had been a simple game, a test of his skills. And then it had been something more, a craving and need to see White's face untwisted by anger and determination or gloating victory. That stirred up thoughts that Black realized were fundamentally against the nature of what he was. What did he really feel towards White? Was it just simply envy turned to lust by some trick of his mind? At first, he had wanted to believe that, as much against his nature as it was, but the more he had turned the feelings over in his mind, the more he realized that the physical attraction was the least of his problems. White's sleeping face haunted him, and more and more his thoughts had been not of an enemy, but something else.

The tight pull of the thick band of scar tissue that ran from collarbone to his left side brought him back to himself. Lying on his side, arms still pulled back by the now much-loosened bonds of thick twine, like this was starting to irritate the injury. Dull pain spiked through the flesh, reminding him of at least part of why he was in this strange situation. He had baited White into that trap, even if White had set up the snare himself. Idiot, idiot, idiot, he chanted at himself.

A sudden lurch snapped him to full consciousness, his shoulder and hip jarring against the dark interior of the trunk, sending bolts of pain shooting from the already bruised joints. Motion stopped, the noise of the road replaced by the muffled silence of blowing wind whistling through the cracks in the car's frame. The car lurched again, this time the jostling of a door opened and slammed. Time passed, immeasurable even by heartbeats. The suspension creaked, groaned, and then was still, before another door slammed, this one closer to his head. And then there was silence.

Distantly he could hear the cry of sea birds, faint and muffled through the structure of the car's frame and body, and smell the spray of salt. Where were they, Black wondered, still unable to guess how far they had traveled. He had been in and out of full consciousness too frequently for his time sense to be accurate, and he had a sinking feeling not all of those periods of blackness had been real sleep. But the sea meant they were away from the city, and by quite a distance, but even then he couldn't guess any more beyond that.

There was a sound, behind him and towards his feet, which sounded like the slam of a heavy door. Footsteps coming towards the car, and then doors opening, the frame shifting. The footsteps retreated and returned, repeating the process three more times after the first. Then the distant door slam, and he was left to the sounds of the wind again.

He shifted his weight, trying to take pressure off his hip and relieve at least some of the strain on his shoulder, but only managing to make himself more uncomfortable. He didn't dare take the bonds completely off, but at this rate he was thinking he might have to.

He started at the sound of the car door opening, not having heard the crunch of boots on gravel as he had the previous times. The vehicle lurched as if being put into gear, but the motor did not start, and distantly Black almost thought he could hear the jangle of keys. The door slammed shut, followed by a pause, then there was a thump on the trunk above his head.

Black froze.

The car began to move, slowly at first, the crunch of tires on gravel louder than the wind. It was rolling forward, gaining momentum, and Black felt his stomach lurch as he realized what must be about to happen. A seemingly sympathetic lurch from the car followed the lurch in his gut as first the front wheels, then the back, left solid ground, enough momentum gained that it still retained forward momentum even as Black felt the strangling hands of gravity grab for its mass and begin pulling it down.