ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought.
by FunKelly

ONE AND DONE. Or so I thought. Part 1

Hello. My name is Jennifer, but my friends and family call me 'Jen'. I guess I should start by giving you a little background on the upcoming story about a fantasy I never actually had. I am 25 years old and have a husband {Paul} of two years. We met at a Mid-West college where we graduated with our degrees. We also have a friend (Caroll) that both Paul and I have known since our freshman year in college. Caroll was 3 years ahead of us and achieved her master's degree in "Psychology" but decided to make her living doing something else. It was the weekend before Paul and I got married, that we found out Caroll owned a small business in the field of "Female Domination". Yes! Our friend and my 'Maid of Honor' had become a dominatrix!

Paul and I were taken back when Caroll shared the news of her newfound profession. She was in town for our wedding the following weekend and staying in our spare bedroom. The three of us were having dinner at a local restaurant/pub when she revealed the news. Paul and I were both so astonished at this new revelation of our friend's career path, that we just listened as Caroll went on to tell us all about her "Female Domination Business". She was such a brilliant and organized woman; it was no surprise that every detail of her business was planned out right down to the most minute detail.

For instance. She had three levels of productions that were designed with different audiences in mind. She called level one "Soft Porn", which was developed for her older clientele. These were wealthy men and women over the age of fifty-five. This group were usually dressed in cocktail dresses for the women and tuxedos for the men. This audience often wore party masks to conceal their identities and were spectators only. There was no audience participation in level one, unlike levels two and three. Our conversation was dominated by Caroll as she spoke softly, almost at a whisper. Obviously, this is not exactly the topic you would want those around you to hear, yet Caroll was so nonchalant as she continued to explain what went on during a "Level One" exhibition. Paul and I remained silent yet attentive.

I continued sipping my wine and Paul his beer, as Caroll went on to describe how the "Subjugated Woman" was led into the room of spectators, usually two dozen or so. She would be completely naked with the exception of a blindfold, as she was escorted to a staging area. There she would be bound by her wrists and ankles to two posts and left on display for all to see. The thought of willfully subjecting oneself to such utter shame and humiliation was completely foreign to me. I could not come to terms with the idea but continued to listen intently.

During the initial inspection and critiquing of every inch of her fully naked physique, from the finely dressed older audience, the subject would remain blindfolded and must be completely silent. Her silence would allow her to hear the comments from the many spectators, as they discussed her completely naked form, while enjoying their champaign and cocktails. The thought of my 110-pound frame with my tiny size "A" breasts being on display, as I was bound with no option to cover my shame, filled my psyche with dread. Why anyone would voluntarily put themselves in such a vulnerable position was beyond my comprehension, yet I remained focused on Caroll's every word.

Caroll brought her description of a "Level One" exhibition to a rapid close, after telling us she would playfully arouse the "Subjugated Woman" and bring her to orgasm. "To orgasm? To orgasm? Right there in the room filled with fully clothed strangers?", I thought to myself. I started getting this overwhelming sense of the shame and humiliation I knew these women must have felt after exposing themselves to such a public degradation. "Why? Why? Why would anyone subject themselves to such indignity?", I again thought to myself. Levels two and three cannot be discussed on this website, which is fine by me. I was having a hard enough time wrapping my mind around the activities in 'Level One'.

We paid for our dinner and headed back to the house. Paul had been quiet and polite throughout dinner, making sure he made no comments or facial expressions that may have been interpreted as disapproving of Caroll's life choices. I on the other hand kept quiet as well but was now harboring some concerns about Caroll's character. We were halfway home and Caroll was in the back seat of our car when I turned to her and ask with uncontrollable fervor, "Why Caroll. Why?" in a stern but inquisitive tone. She simply sat back with this look of contemplation in her eyes and across her face and replied, "Well let's see. First there's the money. I make twice what I could earn in a successful psychology practice. Then there's the travel of course. My exhibitions take place in cities all across the country. The planning of the events does require quite a bit of thought, organization and groundwork but my time is mostly mine own.

I immediately responded, "Is it worth the exploitation of the girls, Caroll?" She looked disappointed in me, as she replied, "Jen. You may not believe this, but the girls come to me. They contact me from cities all over the country. They want to work with someone who puts their health and security before all else. These girls don't do this for the money Jen, even though they can make up to $2000.00 for the two-hour session. They do if for the "THRILLS", JEN! They do it for the THRILLS"! You should visit my website before passing judgement on me. I turned around and sat back in my seat, feeling guilty that I questioned the integrity of my best friend of six years, and soon to be my 'Maid of Honer".

I was still unable to understand how anyone could get a thrill out of being the 'Only One Naked' in a room filled with fully clothed people. I mean really! The humiliation would bring me to tears, not to an orgasm. Being forced to cum as you are bound and completely naked, as all in attendance are staring at you? What must they be thinking about you? The most intimate, private and personal of female sexual functions, in a public venue? The idea repulsed me, yet I was determined to drop the subject and enjoy Caroll's company, not to mention my Wedding Day.

During the week before the wedding, everything went smoothly, and the wedding went off without a hitch. Paul remained silent on the subject of Caroll's business all week. He didn't even bring it up for discussion with me. I tried, but my curiosity was getting the best of me, so I did ask Caroll a few questions while we were alone during the week. They were 'Matter of Fact' questions. Things like, "Have you ever had a situation where a girl didn't show up?" She calmly replied, "No. Not really. Most of the girls are so looking forward to the excitement of the event, they rarely cancel.

All first-time girls are required to go through 'Level One' minutes from my home in San Franscico, regardless of their experience. That way I know if they get cold feet, I can call on one of several girls in the area to fill in at last minute. When I work with a new girl, we work on subtle signals we use. Little signs that tell me when she wants me to dial it down a little or crank it up some. The intensity of the experience is always up to the girls. You should come see one on my 'Level One' exhibitions sometime. If you're not up for that, watch a 'Level One' trailer on my website. You may be surprised to see how much the girls really enjoy it. They tell me the public embarrassment only serves to intensify their orgasms to levels they've never experienced.

As I mentioned earlier, the week before the wedding, along the wedding itself, went off without a hitch. Caroll flew back to San Franscico as Paul, and I left for our honeymoon. We had returned from our honeymoon and were back to our daily routines for about a month when I found myself home alone and decided to visit Caroll's website. I immediately found myself clicking on the "Level One" trailer. The trailer started out panning a room full of well-dressed older men and women. They were mingling with their drinks in hand and party masks in place, just as Caroll had described.

The video then skipped to the part where Caroll was leading a completely naked and blindfolded girl by the hand and through the maze of tuxedos and cocktail dresses, on their way to the two posts positioned in front of the seating area. She then meticulously fastened the fur-lined hand cuffs to the naked girl's wrists. Each cuff was attached to one of the two posts, leaving her arms spread apart and her naked body on total display for the enjoyment of the audience. Caroll then fastened the ankle cuffs on the female participant, leaving her legs spread apart, a slight bit further than shoulder width, as her well-trimmed brunette pubic hair was on exhibit for all to see.

I was shocked at what I was seeing but could not deny the arousal that was building up between my legs. The trailer went on for a few seconds more, still focused on the helpless and completely vulnerable naked girl and her surrounding spectators, before moving to the clip showing a seated audience and still bound naked girl, as Caroll was speaking to the audience. Background music was playing constantly, and all vocal audio muted, so you could not hear what was being said by Caroll, her audience or the powerless recipient of this unspeakable public humiliation.

As I was still struggling to understand why anyone would voluntarily subject themselves to such indignity, I realized my hand had made its way down to my pussy and I was actually fingering myself. An overwhelming sense of shame came over me, but I was powerless to stop myself, as I continued to watch the trailer. The video jumped to the playful arousal Caroll had mentioned earlier, then almost immediately to the section showing her using a vibrating wand on the clitoris of her squirming subordinate.

Only seconds later the video moved to the end where the girl was now without her blindfold, as she sat on a stool wearing nothing but a smile. Her hair was soaked, and her skin was glistening under the bright camera lights from her own sweat. She seemed so happy as she sat there giving some sort of a post exhibition interview. Still smiling and unable to contain her excitement, she made no attempt whatsoever to cover her bare breasts. She didn't even cross her legs but rather put her feet on the side foot rails of the stool leaving her pussy wide open for all to see. The video ended with her still smiling and saying, "Don't knock it until you try it!"



