Ashley's Athletic Physical
by JW

As soon as the alarm went off, Ashley shot out of bed. Today was the day, the day she finally finishes all of the pre-requisites to become a member of the Junior Varsity volleyball team. She’d been waiting for this for well over a year now. She barely missed the cut at last year’s tryouts because she wasn’t athletic enough and she worked hard all summer to get ready for this year’s tryouts. At 5’4 and barely 100 lbs., Ashley would make a perfect setter but she just didn’t have the technique or the leg strength last year. She spent all summer in the high school gym working on her technique and legs, and it paid off.

Ashley hopped in the shower and thoroughly washed her petite body which was average for her age. Her breasts were a small B size which made them firm with nipples jutting straight out about the size of pencil erasers. She had a flat stomach straight down to the junction between her legs where there would normally be red pubic hair to match the long auburn hair on her head except that most of the girls on the team shaved for comfort. Then to what she thought was her best assets in her butt and legs. After a summer of working on leg presses and stair climbers, Ashley’s butt was firm and well rounded. Her thigh muscles were tight and pronounced indicative of the daily workout they endured. Moving further south, Ashley’s calves were just as developed as her thighs; by all accounts Ashley was going to be a formidable setter for her team. Ashley dried off, wrapped herself in a towel, and returned to her bedroom.

Looking at her naked self in the full length mirror, Ashley couldn’t wait to wear the volleyball uniform that had been ordered for her. She knew she would look good in it, especially her butt in the form fitting shorts; a smile came across her lips as she turned to admire her rear. Suddenly she broke her trance as she realized that it was now 8am and she still had to catch the bus into the city to the doctor’s office her school had recommended for her athletic physical. Ashley chose to wear sweats sans a bra. She figured she might as well be comfortable and she was sure she would be wearing one of those paper gowns anyway. She grabbed the paperwork she needed and headed for the bus stop.

The bus trip into the city was about 45 minutes which gave Ashley time to look over the paperwork for her physical one more time. Most of the physical consisted of the normal stuff like height, weight, temperature, blood pressure, etc. The one thing she was glad to know was that she would have to pee in a cup so she made sure she didn’t use the bathroom when she woke up like she usually did. She hoped that she could pee first as her bladder was aching to be emptied at this point. One thing that made her a bit uncomfortable was the line that read “Pelvic Exam”, she knew what that was and supposed that the school just needed to make sure that she didn’t have any existing issues prior to playing any sports. She made sure that her mom signed the permission slip for her physical and she put it with the other paperwork. She didn’t want any hiccups or she wouldn’t be able to participate in practice tonight.

The bus’ brakes squealed as it came to a stop in the city. Ashley got off and began the one block walk to the doctor’s office according to the directions provided by the school. Ashley was always mesmerized by the tall buildings and loads of people in the city. She often tried to guess what people were thinking by the looks on their face and decided they were mostly stressed because she rarely saw anyone smile. She finally arrived at a building that seemed to shoot straight into the air and entered into a lobby that looked bigger than her entire school gym. She went to the kiosk at the center of the lobby that identified itself as a directory and looked for Dr Durfee’s name. Once found, she proceeded to the elevator and hit the number 32 button. On her way up, the elevator made a dozen or more stops where people entered and left seemingly not noticing the petite red headed girl in the corner. Finally the 32 illuminated over the door and a bell rang as the doors opened. Across the hall there was a sterile looking door with “Dr Ray Durfee, MD, General Practitioner” stenciled in the center of a piece of opaque glass. Ashley left the elevator and proceeded into the office of Dr Durfee.

Ashley quickly surveyed the office. The waiting room was about half full with 7 or 8 people waiting. She recognized 2 guys from her school that were probably there for physicals as well. There was a girl, younger than her, with her dad and who had a cast on her right arm. To her right were 2 old men talking about their doctor’s insurance and how expensive it is now a days. There was also a middle aged lady reading a gossip magazine and didn’t look up as the others did when she walked in. Directly in front of her was a window with a male nurse at the desk. As she approached, she couldn’t help but feel that all eyes were on her butt despite the fact she was wearing sweats. At the counter the nurse slid the window open and asked for her name. He checked the computer and asked if she had the athletic physical paperwork and her signed permission slip. Ashley gave him the requested paperwork and she was told to have a seat.

After about 10 minutes, an older lady opened the door to the left of the nurse’s station and called her name. Ashley was led down a short hallway and the lady stopped her at a scale. Ashley was asked to remove her clothes down to her bra and panties to be weighed. Ashley let the nurse know that she wasn’t wearing a bra to which the nurse reassured her that everyone was a professional and would not look twice at a topless girl on the scale. Hesitantly, Ashley started with her bottoms thinking she was glad she went with her bikini panties and not her thong as she normally would. Even so, as her sweatpants left her legs, the soft pink bikini panties did little to hide her shapely ass or the fact that she was clean shaven. Next Ashley removed her top and her nipples responded almost immediately to the cool air by becoming rock hard.

No sooner did she get on the scale then a door opened and an older man in a white coat came out into the hallway. Immediately Ashley’s hands went to her breasts to shield them from the man’s gaze. It was not necessary however because the man never looked up from the chart he was looking at. Ashley decided that the nurse was right and didn’t bother to cover up when the man returned to the room, again not even looking her way. Next the nurse asked her to turn around with her back to the wall so that her height could be taken. Ashley complied with her hands by her side until the nurse told her she could step down.

Ashley went to put her sweats back on and the nurse stopped her. Taking the sweats and giving Ashley a cup, the nurse told her to proceed down the hall and to the right to the bathroom and fill the cup to the halfway mark with pee. When she was done, she was to return to where the scale was and wait for instructions. Once again Ashley brought up the fact that now she was only in her panties and topless and again the nurse reassured her that no one would pay her any attention. Ashley felt better about that this time from her earlier experience with the doctor.

Ashley took the cup and proceeded down the hall, her breasts barely moving as she walked. Along the way she could hear the muffled sounds of people talking behind the doors of the various exam rooms she passed. At one point, she passed an open door with a woman sitting behind a desk; she saw the woman look up as she passed and Ashley knew the woman probably saw the side of her bare breast at the very least but continued on to the bathroom. Once inside Ashley dropped her panties, filled the cup to the half-way point and finished in the toilet making sure to thoroughly wipe herself in anticipation of the exam yet to come. Ashley made sure the cap was on tight and she left the bathroom where she ran smack in to one of the old guys she saw in the waiting room. Stunned, she didn’t immediately cover her breasts until she noticed the man’s gaze was not on her eyes but her chest. By the time she did manage to cover up, the man had already imprinted the picture of her breasts in his mind and walked on with a slight smile on his face. Ashley didn’t know if she was more embarrassed of the display she just put on or the fact that she was holding her pee in a cup and she made the rest of the walk with one arm covering her breasts to prevent anymore incidental mishaps


Ashley's Athletic Physical (Part 2)

Getting closer to the scale, Ashley saw the nurse with her back turned to Ashley, and as she got even closer she noticed that one of the boys she knew from school was now on the scale in his boxers being weighed. Ashley stopped immediately looking for cover but there was none to be had. The only thing she could do was to try and stay behind the nurse as much as possible and hope the boy didn’t look over his shoulder. Ashley tried to hand the nurse the cup of pee and she was told to wait a second. The nurse directed the young boy to turn around to get his height; the boy’s eyes went wide as he came face to face with the red headed girl he saw in the waiting room who was now topless, albeit covered, but topless in front of him. Ashley felt the blood drain from her face as she stood there with pee in one hand and covering her breasts with the other. She became paralyzed as she watched the boy’s gaze travel from her chest to the point between her legs where her panties barely covered her labia and showed the slightest hint of a clean shaven camel toe.

To Ashley’s relief the nurse snapped at the boy telling him to look straight ahead and nevermind the young girl standing before him. The nurse took the pee from Ashley and directed her to a line on the floor in front of her. She then handed the boy a cup and directed him to the bathroom the same as Ashley. The boy stepped off the scale and the nurse directed her attention to Ashley. Ashley was told to stand up straight and put her hands by her side; the nurse then handed her a small paddle and told her to place it over her left eye and read the 2nd line on the eye chart in front of her. Ashley did as she was told not thinking about the fact that her breasts were once again uncovered for anyone who may pass by to view. Both the nurse and Ashley didn’t notice the pair of eyes peeking around the corner getting a good view of Ashley’s breasts and nipples. The young boy decided the risk was worth the reward for a chance to see the red headed girl’s tits. He studied every detail of each breast from the hard as rock nipples, to the little bumps that formed on her pink areolas. He licked his lips dreaming what she must look like completely naked and his own embarrassing pup tent began to form in his boxers. Not wanting to get caught he decided it best to go on to the bathroom trying to hide the effects Ashley’s tits had on him.

Ashley finished her eye exam and was next told to follow the nurse down the hall and around the corner to the lab. Ashley thought it best with the boy in the bathroom that she should fold her arms over her chest just in case he came out before they passed the bathroom. The walk turned out to be uneventful and again Ashley felt comfortable in her state of undress. She was ushered into the lab and told to take a seat and someone would be with her soon. Ashley sat in the chair closest to her thankful that she was the only one in the room. 

A few minutes later a man in a white lab coat came into the room, smiled and asked Ashley how she was doing today. Ashley smiled and wondered if he would be the one taking her blood. Her question was soon answered when the man rolled a metal stool up to her. He directed her to unfold her arms from her chest and lay them flat in the arm rests attached to the chair. Ashley couldn’t believe she was about to expose her breasts to yet another guy but decided that he probably saw his fair share of naked people and was a professional. She did as she was directed and could have sworn she saw the man look at both her breasts before putting a thermometer in her mouth. Next the man grabbed a blood pressure cuff and lifted her arm to put it on. Ashley felt the cuff and his hand brush against the side of her breast causing her to jump. The man apologized and went on with his work. Ashley mumbled words of understanding and set on watching the blood pressure cuff. She couldn’t help but notice that this man’s hand was mere inches from her exposed breast and she felt a tingle run through her body. The man removed the cuff from her arm once again brushing the side of her breast and once again apologizing. The thermometer then beeped indicating it finished the process of taking her temperature and the man removed it from her mouth. Ashley sat there looking around as he noted her blood pressure and temperature on her chart and then started to explain that he was going to take some blood from her next. Just then another man appeared at the door with 2 tubes of blood and asked him if he could package it up for testing later. The blood switched hands and the man stole a look at her tits before he said thank you and left. Ashley began to equate white coats with professionals and thought nothing of being topless when someone wearing one showed up. The lab tech returned to his stool and began tapping the insides of her elbows trying to decide which arm is best to draw blood from. As he did this it caused her breast to jiggle ever so slightly and it did not go unnoticed. The tech finally decided on her right arm and handed her a ball telling her to squeeze it a few times to make the vein more pronounced. Ashley noted that with each squeeze it caused her breast on that side to flex and move. The tech wrapped a rubber hose around her arm and then told her there would be a little pinch as he inserted a needle into the vein. Ashley watched as the blood began to flow into the glass tube and then looked away to keep from becoming faint.

After 4 tubes were filled with Ashley’s blood she was told this part of the exam was over and she could return to the scale area for instructions. Ashley got up and proceeded out of the door where she once again ran smack into an old guy in the doorway and her tits pressed firmly against his stomach. She bounced back and the man looked down to get an eyeful of what he thought he felt. Ashley covered her breasts and ran out the door as the man entered in stunned silence. Ashley continued down the hall noticing that the office was getting a little more noisy and busy with voices seemingly coming from everywhere and the sound of office machines whirring away. She not sure at what point it happened, but somewhere along the way back to the scale area Ashley decided it wasn’t worth trying to hide her breasts from view anymore as it really did no good. Besides the nurse was proven right once again as she passed employees left and right and no one took notice of the topless red head padding down the hall. She finally made it back to the scale hoping she would be shown to an exam room but it wasn’t meant to be, at least not yet.

The nurse ushered Ashley down the hall to another table and Ashley could only assume she was in or at the records room because of the shelf to her left being full of the multi-colored medical records of various patients. Michael had to do a double take. Was he really seeing what he thought he was seeing? From his chair in the waiting room he swore he was looking at a red headed girl on the other side of a shelf with medical records and she was topless! He focused on her tits which jutted straight out from a slender pale body with pink nipples that were rock hard. He thought he may recognize her from school but wasn’t sure. She had to know she was on display to anyone in the waiting room who happened to be looking toward the nurse’s station. Two thoughts came to his mind as he ogled the most perfect, and only, set of tits he had ever seen: Is she a real red head (he couldn’t see below her tits because the records blocked the rest), and he’ll never bitch about having to get up early for a sports physical again! Ashley was handed a plastic tube with a mouthpiece and ball inside of it. The nurse directed her to blow as hard as she could until the nurse told her to stop. She was told this would check her lung capacity. Ashley took a deep breath and blew for what seemed like 30 seconds or more. The nurse only said good and she could put the tube down. Ashley was finally told to go to exam room 3, take her panties off and wait for the doctor. Ashley was so happy to finally be going to an exam room that she didn’t even care that she had to remove the only stitch of clothing she had been wearing for the past hour.


Ashley's Athletic Physical (End)

Ashley entered exam room 3 and immediately removed her panties. She looked around for a gown but did not see one and supposed it didn’t matter anyway as she was sure the doctor would have her remove it to examine her. She noticed a table with her neatly folded sweats on it, placed her panties under them, and hopped up on the exam table letting her legs dangle over the side. Waiting for the doctor was boring and she began examining her own body starting with the ends of her long hair. She really needed to get her mom to make a hair appointment for her to get rid of her split ends, she thought. Next she examined her breasts. Not as perfect as her ass but she was pleased with them; slightly conical but not so she had puffy nipples and very firm. She pushed them up from the bottom and let them go proud that they bounced right back into place with barely a jiggle. She examined her stomach next which was flat and tone and she couldn’t wait for the weekend when she would finally get her belly button pierced with her friend Jennifer. After playing with her belly button for a bit, she turned her attention to the clean shaven slit between her legs. She remembered when she decided to shave down there and how scared she was that she may cut a sensitive place. Of course everything worked out and she was the happier for not having any hair down there. She hated being teased by the boys at school with remarks such as: “Red on top, fire in the hole” and “I wonder if the carpet matches the drapes”. They got old after a while and she was happy to be able to say no to them. She admired how everything she had was neatly tucked into the outer folds of her labia; she knew some girls from gym class who had meaty lips that reminded her of roast beef between their legs. Nope, everything looked good down there except for that tiny red bump next to her clit.

Ashley tried to ignore it, but couldn’t help picking at it. She wasn’t sure if it was a pimple or ingrown hair; whatever it was, she had to get rid of it. She sat indian style on the exam bed and pulled the outer lip away from her clit to get a better angle to pick the bump. This exposed her inner lips, clit, and hole which were all pink and slightly wet which caused them to glisten in the fluorescent light. 

So intent was she on the task at hand that it took a few seconds for her to realize the door flung open. When she looked up she saw a big, fat burly man with a beard chewing on a cigar with a hand truck full of boxes in the doorway. The man made no attempt to hide the fact that he was staring square at the most beautiful, tight, pink pussy he had seen in a long time. Ashley quickly brought her knees to her chest effectively ending the show. All the man could say was that he thought this was the supply closet as he backed out still trying to steal one more glimpse before he closed the door. Since there was no cover up that Ashley could see, she thought it best to stay in her current position until the doctor came in.

The wait wasn’t long as a knock came to the door. For some reason Ashley knew it was the doctor, probably because he knocked, and she sat straight up not worrying that her breasts were now on display. The door opened and an old man walked in slightly hunched wearing the all too familiar lab coat Ashley had grown accustomed to seeing on his employees. She knew he was who she was waiting for because he had “Dr Ray Durfee, MD” embroidered on the left side of his coat. He took a look at her and commented on how Mrs Getty must be trying to hurry things along again because patients aren’t normally asked to undress before the doctor gets to them. He had a smirk on his face and set to the task of examining the young girl. He breathed on the end of his stethoscope to warm it up and placed it directly underneath her left breast with his thumb in complete contact with her skin. He told her to take a couple of deep breaths and moved the stethoscope to her back and repeated his directions. He did the same with her right side with the same results. Next he tapped on her stomach at different points while asking her if she had any pains or problems he should know about to which she told him no. He then checked her reflexes in her knees and elbows and checked her eyes, throat and ears all appearing to be in good condition. He asked her to lay back and place her arms above her head which she did. He started with her left breast and she gasped. He told her not to worry that he was checking for lumps and asked if she had ever been taught how to do a breast self-exam which was very important to know as early as possible. Ashley told him that she did not and he talked through the exam he was performing stopping occasionally to let her try it on herself. After the doctor was done kneading her breasts and nipples and when he was certain Ashley now knew how to correctly check herself, he pulled the stirrups out and told her to place her feet in them.

Just as Ashley had complied with the doctor, the door once again opened and she heard the voice of Mrs Getty asking the doctor to sign the discharge papers of a little boy who was treated for an ankle sprain. Ashley felt no need to do anything to hide her body as she knew who Mrs Getty was. What she didn’t know and couldn’t see lying back on the exam bed was the little boy, his brother, and mother all standing and staring at the naked girl in front of them. Ashley continued to stare at the ceiling with her eyes closed as Mrs Getty ushered the family toward the waiting room, without closing the door behind her. Ashley didn’t know this either and the doctor seemed not to be aware that the exam room door was wide open as he began to exam the girl’s private area splayed open in front of him and now in front of anyone who happened to be passing by and looked in. This included a group of cub scouts who were taking a tour before earning their first aid badges. Ashley could hear snickering and giggling coming from the door but she assumed it was coming outside in the hallway and made no attempt to look or move from her current position. Over the next 15 minutes, while the doctor slipped his gloved fingers inside her, Ashley’s body was displayed to men, women, and children all getting a good glimpse of her charms without her being the least bit aware. One young teen boy even managed to get a picture on his cell phone which meant Ashley’s pussy and tits were probably being displayed on the cell phones of teen boys all over the city and Facebook by now. The doctor finally finished with the exam, removed her feet from the stirrups and told her she could get dressed and Mrs Getty would be back with her discharge paperwork and physical forms. Ashley sat up in time to see the doctor leaving the room closing the door behind him, never aware of the fact it was open almost the whole time. Ashley was glad to finally be back in her comfy sweats and she didn’t have to wait very long for Mrs Getty to bring her the paperwork she needed to go to practice tonight. She was ushered out to the waiting room and told to have a nice day. On her way out, Ashley could swear all eyes were on her and she thought she even heard some faint snickering. Whatever, she didn’t care she was now an official member of the JV Volleyball team and she had to get ready for practice tonight.

~END~


