An Evening Out
by Otazel©


When it came to sex Jackie had just two obsessions! The first one was to have a tongue on her pussy. She loved oral to the point that a session was not complete without she had been licked and sucked to orgasm.

The second was to have someone watch her enjoy the first, but she had not yet gathered up enough courage to actually do it! Even so, it was the subject of most of her masturbatory fantasies, she dreamed of being seen with her legs wide and a tongue lashing at her pussy, to be watched as her hips jerked in oral orgasm! Her fantasies could be very varied and sometimes quite kinky, but almost all revolved around the single theme of a third party being present when someone went down on her. Somehow very soon, she promised herself, she would raise the nerve to turn that longing into reality.

But she didn't know that her husband, Andy, for reasons of his own, was busy arranging to realise her dream by 'accident'. To make it work he had agreed to meet with another couple late one evening at a local - and very secluded - beauty spot. The man, Justin, had been a member of an opposing pool team playing at his local club, and the two had got into a beery conversation that had led to him telling Justin of his wife's unlikely desire. During that conversation Justin told Andy that it would give both himself and his partner, Anne, a real kick to help in fulfilling Jackie's ambition, and so arrangements were soon being made! The venue was chosen because it would be comparatively easy to convince Jackie the meeting was accidental, and anyway, doing it in the open would add extra spice, said Justin, and Andy agreed. Andy and Jackie would arrive first and as soon as things hotted up Justin and Anne would just 'turn up'. Plans were laid and a date set, though from the complicated way it had all had to be organised by phone Andy had come to the conclusion that Justin and Anne were not a 'proper' couple and may well be married to other people. But then so what?

When the evening arrived Andy took Jackie out for a few drinks and, though he was careful to limit his intake on the grounds of being the driver, he made sure that Jackie was just slightly under the influence when it was time to go. He hoped that this tactic would make Jackie more amenable and less observant, just in case anything didn't ring true! As they pulled out of the car park and turned right instead of their usual left Jackie looked at him questioningly, but said nothing.

"I fancy a cuddle". He said by way of explanation "And I thought it might be nice to park up somewhere for a change. I quite fancy you in those clothes!" 

'Those clothes' were a short-sleeved blouse and short skirt over bare legs, and on her slim frame they made her look almost school-girlish. Jackie smiled at him and squeezed his arm in pleasure and agreement, and the first hurdle was overcome.

A few miles and not many more minutes later they were parked under some trees in the picnic area suggested by Justin. It was not quite the end of a beautiful and calm late summer evening, with the still warm sun casting long, long shadows and just the merest hint of a breeze rippling the leaves. Ideal for what Andy had in mind and, as his mouth locked with Jackie's and his hand cupped her breast, teasing the nipple, he could not help but think - with a wry grin at his own pun - that tonight would be a revelation!

As for Jackie herself, she was hopeful that the hand inside her blouse promised that the 'cuddle' was to be turned into something rather more substantial! The alcohol had awakened her libido and she was, she admitted to herself, already feeling unusually horny! It seemed she was not to be disappointed, for Andy was now busy unbuttoning the front of her blouse, exposing her small breasts and rolling the erect nipples between his fingers, making her groan with pleasure. With his mouth still fastened over hers and his tongue searching between her lips Jackie could feel unusually intense heat and desire in Andy's attentions. He was playing with her left nipple harder than she could remember him doing before, tugging, squeezing, and twisting it, until she arched her back from arousal and groaned deep into his open mouth. Moving on his mouth from hers to her breast Andy suckled, treating her right nipple with his mouth as he was doing to her left with his hand. She could not, she thought, take too much of that before she came, and, though it might be an unusual experience to be taken to orgasm simply with her breasts, she wanted to get there, as always, with his lips on her clitoris.

"My pussy, do my pussy, darling, pleeeaaase!" Her need was becoming insistent!

Andy reacted to his wife's urging by leaning over and clamping his mouth over her left breast, flicking the nipple with his tongue and moving his hand to stroke up the inside of her thigh to her crotch. Jackie moaned again, opening her legs in encouragement as far as the available room would allow and just hoped that his mouth would soon follow his hand, though in this confined space she couldn't really see how! She felt his fingers move across her little black panties, stroking her clit and then burrowing down between her thighs to seek out her vagina, the feeling of fingertips tracing delicately across the tight material increasing her arousal and putting a small damp spot on her undies! Soon Andy was rubbing more firmly on her panties, as if attempting to penetrate her through the silk, while still sucking on her nipple, and Jackie was responding with more moans of pleasure, but this was not all she wanted.

"Go down on me, Andy." She needed his tongue, not his fingers.

Andy ostentatiously looked around at the back seat to 'discover' that it was full with the files he had left there! 

"Sorry, lover, we can't go on the back seat tonight, I forgot to take my files out!" He paused, then said, "But it's quiet enough here. Want to try it in the open?"

He was still rubbing her wet pussy through her panties, and Jackie would soon each the stage where she would say 'yes' to anywhere he suggested.

"Yes ok, just do it, I really want your tong..." She stopped abruptly as she realised that other couples might also decide to stop here for a cuddle and an adrenalin rush made her heart beat suddenly faster and her breath quicken. Tonight - if that happened - perhaps tonight she'd really got the nerve to fulfil her dream! 

All of a sudden she didn't want to give Andy the chance to realise the 'risk' of discovery and change his mind, and she almost leapt out of the car, slipping her panties off as Andy climbed more sedately from the driver's seat! Maybe, just maybe, another car would pull up, or even better, perhaps the local peeping tom would spy on them, not realising that Jackie had seen him and was deliberately showing him her all! Jackie was as horny as hell at the possibilities. A good licking and then a good fucking with an audience - oh, yes please! Tonight she was just too damn hot to be shy! Tonight just could be her night, and her heart hammered with the thrill of thinking of it!

As they moved to meet each other Andy unceremoniously picked Jackie up and dumped her over the front of the car so that she lay on her back with her head against the windscreen. The warmth of the engine against her back accentuated the cool of the air against her nipples, but that wasn't the reason for the shiver that ran through her. Andy stood between her legs and pushed them apart and back so that her feet waved in midair. She shivered again. Her panties lay on the passenger seat of the car and now only Andy's body prevented the Peeping Tom (whom she was now convinced was nearby) from seeing her naked pussy - her naked and very wet pussy! 

"Lick me, Andy, lick me good, make me cum!" Jackie pleaded.

'Oh God, please let it happen and please don't let me stop it!' Her silent prayer was heartfelt! Tonight she really, really, felt that she could experience the ultimate thrill, the one that she had alternately dreamed of and dreaded for so long. Determined to prove to herself and to Andy just how wanton she could be, Jackie pulled apart her already unbuttoned blouse and took a fully exposed breast in each hand, cupping her fingers around, but carefully not covering, her very erect nipples, squeezing and kneading the flesh. 'I want the world to see me playing with my tits', she announced to her husband in the privacy of her mind, seeing his excited face looking down at her.

Then Andy's mouth was on her cunt, his own lips moulded against her pussy lips while his tongue probed into her vagina and her long slow climb to orgasm began, helped along tonight by all the hopes and fears that chased each other through her racing mind. He was so very good at what she liked to call a 'french cunt kiss', his tongue becoming almost prehensile as it explored and investigated the first inch or so of her vaginal tunnel. It never failed to increase her arousal, making her wetter and wetter as her juices flowed, coating his mouth and chin and often dripping from her. Andy lapped at her wetness, she knew he enjoyed the taste and would drink all he could, and tonight that was plenty. God, he was good tonight! 

She felt his tongue leave her hole and begin a slow trail up and down her slit, tracing the inside of her labia, around the hood of her clit without touching the button itself and then down and down until it skirted the rim of her anus before beginning the slow climb to repeat the journey again and again. It was so frustrating, but, oh, so bloody good! Sometimes he would give her a taste of pleasures to come by flicking at her clit or gently probing her cunt and anus with his tongue. She knew he would love to fuck her arse, but something in her makeup prevented her from allowing this, even though she knew full well that she would probably enjoy it. But she liked his tongue working away at her 'back door' and even enjoyed his oral fascination with it, so she allowed, even encouraged, him to do that as often as he liked. Now he was licking away the juices that had run down here crack to her anus, pushing the tip of his tongue into her arse for his own enjoyment in the process, not that she minded that - so long as it was only his tongue! 

Back up and down the sides of her labia tracked his tongue, circling, but not touching, her clit. Then his lips nibbled at her hood, gently gripping the shaft of her engorged clitoris and triggering a gasp of delight. His tongue followed his lips, licking, flicking, swirling around her clit, causing her back to arch with pleasure. She groaning and pushed herself against his mouth as best she could, intent on intensifying the thrill of his touch but only succeeding in flexing her legs and pushing him away. Frantically she pulled her legs back, letting his mouth go back to her cunt once more and his tongue back to her clit, whimpering from her frustration and need. Andy was relieved and delighted at her responses. It was not often that she was this aroused and for it to be tonight of all nights was a hell of a bonus to his plans! His mouth fastened itself around Jackie's clit again, and she sighed with joy and satisfaction, and as he sucked her clit into his mouth to send his tongue dancing over its tip, her journey to orgasm began again. 

Looking down at Andy's head bobbing away at her cunt, Jackie also saw that her hands were no longer on her breasts. Unnoticed, she had spread them out to the sides to help balance herself during the unintended pause of a few moments before, and now she realised just how hard she had been mauling them, for her nipples were rock hard and her flesh around them red from her treatment. God, she thought, if anyone sees that they'll think I'm being abused! The thought seemed to arouse her even more and she renewed her attention to her right breast, taking the nipple between forefinger and thumb and pulling it out as hard as she could bear. If anyone came now and watched her doing that, at least they would know how her tits got so red! 

Was someone already watching? She couldn't see anyone, but the sun was low now and anyone could hide in the dappled light beneath the branches, not that she could see very much from her current position anyway. So someone could be watching! The thought gave her a jolt to match that almost simultaneously caused by Andy's teeth very gently chewing on her clit. But please let me know if they're watching! What good if they see but I never know? Oh God, Andy was getting her close to an orgasm, she could feel it building deep within her, the intensifying of sensation, the hot spot that was developing ready to explode through her body. It seemed twice as hot tonight, twice as intense, twice as deep inside her, and she knew that when it came she wouldn't care if half of town's population were watching or if the sight was beamed around the world on 'pay to view' TV! 

And then she came! The orgasm was not the violent explosion that she half expected, but more of an eruption. The hot spot deep within her suddenly boiled over sending lava like streams of ecstasy flowing through her, spreading from the heart of her pelvis throughout her body until everywhere, from her toes to her fingertips, was overwhelmed with the raw sensations of total pleasure. Her legs flailed, her hips bucked, she clung to the car with her spare hand for grim death, pleading with Andy, both silently and vocally, not to stop whatever happened. For his part he was doing his best, he had wrapped his arms around her threshing thighs, buried his face in her cunt, and had not paused in whipping her clitoris with the tip of his tongue. 

Then, just as she thought things could not get more intense, the sound of car tyres came crunching across the loose stones of the car park before the car itself came into view, coming to a halt scarcely ten yards from Jackie and Andy, with it's nose pointing straight between Jackie's outstretched legs!

For Andy this was the testing time. Would Jackie chicken out, especially as her climax subsided? Would the arrival of the other couple kill her orgasm? Or would she actually let it happen and allow Justin and Anne watch her being tongued? If she allowed her declared fantasy to be fulfilled, he would have quite a leverage to get her to fulfil his own! The best thing he could do was to keep going, to assume her consent unless she actually tried to stop him, and to hope that she was turned on enough to continue.

For Jackie, oblivious to Andy's intentions, it was the moment of her life. Looking across his back to the car, she could just make out two people, a man and a woman, gazing straight at her, and for a brief heart-stopping moment her eyes caught those of the woman. Her orgasm, which was just beginning to subside, seemed to begin anew and more waves of pleasure, fuelled this time by the knowledge that at long last she had her audience, crashed through her body. Hot lava flowed again through her veins and she was carried along on a tidal wave of pure bliss! She tugged harder on her nipple, the pain only adding to her pleasure, and she pulled her legs right back as far as they would go, opening them wide in the hope that her viewers would catch at least a glimpse of her streaming wet pussy as it continued to be whipped by Andy's tongue. He seemed not to be in the least put off by the arrival of the newcomers and had carried on licking and nibbling at her cunt all through her climax! She would, she felt sure, be eternally grateful, for never had an orgasm been so good!

Eventually, of course, her orgasm did begin to subside, leaving her spent for the moment, panting and sweating, and gasping out Andy's name, over and over. He responded by squeezing her legs harder momentarily, but his tongue never missed a beat! He was determined that she wouldn't get the chance to cool down and call things off!

He needn't have worried, Jackie was now more concerned about Andy's nerve than her own. She didn't know, of course, that the arrival of the other car was no surprise to him and half expected him not to carry on. 

"Keep going, Andy, let them watch, I don't mind"

He paused for a moment, eyes widening in surprise! "You sure?"

"Oh God, yes, I want them to see everything we do!" She wanted to make it absolutely clear to him. "It's making me as randy as hell!"

Andy smiled to himself as he bent back to his pleasuring of her cunt. 'I'm gonna remind you of what I did for you tonight the next time you won't let me arse-fuck you', he thought to himself, once more giving silent voice to his reason for setting the rendezvous up in the first place!

Andy's tongue settled once more into its tantalising routine of brushing across her clitoris, descending to explore first her vagina and then her anus, before returning upwards to lick her button once more. Jackie was in heaven! She could hardly believe that she had finally raised the nerve to let someone watch this happening to her, or that Andy had accepted the intrusion so easily! If only it could have happened sooner! From time to time she raised her head to look at the couple in the car, her arousal feeding on their eyes as they gazed at Andy's use of her nearly naked body. Sometimes she caught the eye of one or the other of them, the woman smiling softly at her while the man winked lewdly. She was not sure which of their reactions did most for her, but together with Andy's tongue they were triggering the beginnings to another orgasm, one that threatened to be at least as powerful as her first. Suddenly Jackie wanted to do more. She suddenly experienced an unbelievably strong urge to be more lewd, more obscene, more everything, so that her audience could enjoy the same level of thrill that they were giving her!

"Stop a moment, Andy, stop before I come" Jackie's voice was thick with excitement.

Andy was alarmed, his heart sank momentarily, thinking she had bottled out, but then he noticed the heat in her voice and her use of the words "a moment" and confusion reigned. But he did as she had asked and took his mouth from her clitoris, wondering as he did, just what she wanted.

"Let them see me! Stand away, Andy, let them see my cunt, let them see how wet and wide it is!"

Again, Andy was surprised by her words, but did as she asked and moved to her side. Jackie lay writhing gently, a sinuous movement of her hips ensuring all three had the most erotic view possible of a very wet pussy. Andy was shocked. He would never have believed that she could be so totally uninhibited in front of two (to her) total strangers! But he was even more surprised by her next words!

"Tell them to come closer, right up close so I can see them looking at me. Then make me cum again!"

Andy obediently turned and walked silently across to the couple in the other car, his robot gait betraying total astonishment (and not a little pleasure) at Jackie's behaviour. Car doors opened and closed and a few moments' later three heads came into her field of vision. Now she knew for sure that she was completely on show and the knowledge made her pussy wetter than ever. She tried hard to part her legs further, but they were already as far as they would go and anyway, her muscles were tiring.

"Jackie, this is Justin and this is Anne" 

Andy's incongruously formal introductions made Jackie giggle a little but she managed to control it and looked over the newcomers. Justin was a handsome thirties dark haired man with 'sales rep' looks in slacks and a sweat shirt, while Anne was a gorgeously slim twenty-something blonde in tennis skirt and blouse. To her surprise Jackie saw that Anne's blouse was open, revealing small pert breasts very like her own. So, she was not the only exhibitionist here then! The watching couple now took station one either side of Andy, who bent once more to her cunt. Feeling his tongue once again dancing across her slit Jackie relaxed a little and closed her eyes, immersed in the dual pleasures of being tongued and doing it for others to see! After only a few moments, feeling the first signs of her orgasm rebuilding, Jackie opened them - and looked straight into Anne's. The metaphorical sparks that flew between the two women threw Jackie for a minute. She had not expected the look of lust she saw in those blue eyes, nor the pleasure she felt in realising that she was the object of Anne's desire! 'Christ' she thought 'the woman's a dyke and I'm showing her my cunt - and enjoying it!'

"Oh Andy, that's so good, I love your tongue on my clit" She was being deliberately crude for the benefit of the watching couple. "Lick me out, darling, I'm going to cum!"

And so she was, her orgasm was building rapidly, more quickly than she expected the cauldron of pleasure deep in her pelvis was once more beginning to bubble and threatening to soon boil over. The intensity of the feeling throughout her body was becoming unbearable, hot flames of ecstasy spreading along her legs, through the pit of her stomach and up her arching back, until they reached her brain and finally exploded in a cataclysmic orgasm. Her legs pushed at the air and her hips bucked as she pressed herself against Andy's mouth, her head thrashed from side to side, her hands scrabbled frantically at the metal of the car, and from her mouth came a rising series of deep guttural moans, each one louder and longer than the last, until the twilight rang with the unfettered cries of her enjoyment!

For what seemed an age she bucked and heaved against Andy, almost screaming her pleasure in an orgasm even more profound than her last, until at last she returned to planet Earth, shaking, trembling, gasping and panting, her body coated in a sheen of sweat and her cunt running with juices. All the time she had been conscious of eyes on her body, watching her in her throes of ecstasy. Her pleasure had been magnified by this knowledge, her climax made stronger by their presence. But all the time she had also been conscious that they were not witnessing the most intimate act, they were not seeing her during actual sexual intercourse - the ultimate sexual act, and she so wanted them to. So, even though she was still shivering and spent, she could not let it stop without that happening.

"Fuck me, Andy" She gasped out the words. "Fuck me hard!"

Andy was amazed that Jackie was still turned on and capable after that almighty climax of only a few minutes before, but he had been suffering for most of the evening from the frustration of his giant erection having nowhere to go and no likelihood of release, and he wasn't about to refuse her, audience or not! The fact that another couple was about to see him having sex with his wife bothered him not at all. 

Within seconds of her request Jackie heard a zip going down and felt the head of Andy's cock guiding itself into her tunnel. There was never going to be a problem entering her, she was so turned on, wet, and open, that she was sure he could have climbed in after it, but it was sure nice to feel it going in! She felt it sink in to full depth, the material of his trousers rubbing against her inner thighs, then withdraw almost all the way before being rammed back into her with full force. Jackie cried out with delight, this was just what she needed, a full blooded fucking. Her only problem was keeping her tired legs out of the way, they kept sinking slowly until she pulled them back, but then Justin and Anne came to her rescue there by taking hold of an ankle each and holding her legs right back and very open. Andy was now slamming himself in and out of her pussy, but that was not entirely the cause of Jackie's shortened breath or of her heart beating so rapidly. It was also the fact that the actual physical contact of the couple's hands on her ankles had, in her mind, moved things onto an entirely new plain. They were now no longer just voyeurs, witnesses to her pleasure, but had become participants in what she was now thinking of as an orgy - her first ever! What a night this was becoming!

Andy had no such thoughts, in fact he was not thinking at all. Driving his cock in and out of his wife, he was feeling the first stirrings of his own orgasm, and even the presence of Justin and Anne had largely been forgotten! His world had narrowed to the seven or so inches of hard penis buried inside Jackie and the hot painful pleasure of the pressure building within his balls. Harder and faster he drove his cock into her as his orgasm loomed closer and closer, until.......!

"I'm coming!" Andy announced to everyone concerned.

"No! Not yet, slow down, I'm not there!" Jackie was on the way to her third climax.

"I'm coming" Andy repeated, and the dam burst, hot cum spurting from his cock as he drove it deeper into Jackie's cunt in a final enormous thrust. Gout followed gout as all the frustrations of the evening were released in that one burst. When at last he was empty and his cock began to soften inside her, he groaned in relief and staggered back from her wide open legs, oblivious to Jackie's needs or to the four eyes fastened on the spunk running from her cunt.

Jackie had been so close to her climax that she too was now governed by her heat! "Andy, go down on me, darling, lick me, make me cum again, I'm nearly there, don't leave me high!" She was writhing in her need.

"I can't, darling, I'm shattered - and I can't go down on you now anyway, you're full of cum!"

Jackie's heart sank, but as she wondered if this was the end of the evening another voice spoke out!

"But I can, and I like the taste of cum!"

Astonished faces turned to look at Anne, who had released Jackie's leg and was stepping into Andy's spot between them! Andy himself was so surprised that he automatically stepped aside for her, but thinking as he did so. "No, it's ok, there's no way Jackie will agree to that!"

But there was! Instead of quickly lowering the leg released by Anne and covering herself with it, Jackie held it open like the one still held by Justin, inviting the woman in with both her actions and the look of pleasure that crossed her face. Somehow it didn't seem out of place to her that another member of the trio had offered to take over now that Andy was used up. The fact that it was a woman didn't really enter into Jackie's mind, one tongue being much like another to her at that moment!

But Anne's tongue, when it came, was very different to Andy's. Instead of Andy's firm licks and flicks pressing on her clit, Anne was like a butterfly's wings, gently flitting from one part to another, fluttering first against her clit then at the entrance to her vagina before tracing fairy steps along her labia to begin again. Sometimes the downward journey would continue to her anus, but even then there was no attempt to enter, just a gentle patter of tongue tip against her flesh. Jackie had never felt anything like it and, looking at her husband with bliss written large on her face, she whispered, "This is so good, thank you!"

For a instant Andy thought that Jackie knew it was all pre-arranged, but then he realised she meant him allowing Anne to go down on her, not that he had even thought to prevent her! After that how could he do anything except take hold of the ankle that Anne had released and watch his wife being pleasured by this beautiful woman.

Jackie had been close to orgasm when Andy had finished, but Anne's attentions were so different it was almost like starting afresh. This was not the intense sensation brought on by Andy, but a milder, gentler, and longer, climb to climax, and all the more enjoyable for it. Jackie couldn't help moving under Anne's lips and tongue, her hips describing a slow circle in the air. Anne accepted this, making no attempt to hold her still but instead gripped Jackie's buttocks in her hands and followed her sensuous gyrations with her mouth. After a minute or two of this Anne released her grip on one buttock, keeping that hand stationary so that as Jackie's cum-slippery crotch moved slowly past it and it came level with her vagina, it moved forward with two fingers sliding into Jackie's wet cunt while another penetrated straight past her sphincter muscle and deep into her anus. All the time Anne lapped at Jackie's clit and her long blonde hair hid her activities from Justin and Andy.

Jackie's eyes, till then languidly half closed in pleasure, shot open, a startled "Ooohh" burst from her lips and a look of shock crossed her face, rapidly followed by a small smile of ecstasy as she felt the pleasure of the unexpected invasion. The two men, not really knowing what was happening, both thought that Jackie had climaxed and smiled to each other knowingly!

Had it been Andy's finger going deep into her back passage Jackie would have reacted against it, but with Anne she somehow knew that there was no kinkiness intended, no domination, just an intimate pleasure giving penetration of Jackie's most private place. And indeed this proved to be the case, Anne did not piston her fingers in and out in the belief that harder was better, but gently wriggled them so that they rubbed together through the thin membranous wall separating the two passages. This also had the effect of bringing the two fingers in Jackie's vagina into contact with her G-spot, and the slow sensuous build to orgasm suddenly became a gallop to the finish line, the flickering tongue on her clit competing with the magic fingers inside her in a race to trigger her orgasm. In the end it was pretty much a draw as Jackie exploded into orgasm for the third time. This time Jackie actually cried with joy. The climax was so good, so powerful, and so intense, that her backside drummed against the car, her legs flailed loose from the two men's grip and blood oozed from a bitten lower lip. As it eventually subsided and Anne removed her fingers, the tears ran down Jackie's cheeks and, for a couple of minutes at least, she had to re-orientate herself to where she was and who she was with!

Anne leaned forward and whispered to Jackie. "Sorry, hun, I didn't mean to finger your ass, it just went in there - and then it sort of felt nice!"

Through her clearing tears Jackie whispered back, "I loved it, you can do that again anytime you like", without actually realising that she was extending an invitation to a woman who just might take her up on it!

Jackie was one very happy lady. She'd unexpectedly fulfilled her long standing ambition to be watched having oral sex and she'd pushed at the limits of her experience - and of Andy's tolerance, she suspected - by letting Anne do what she did, and finally, but certainly not least, she'd enjoyed the most stimulating, intense, and erotic, sex of her entire life! She was now entirely spent, totally satisfied, and completely content, although she felt in need of a good long soak when she got home. She looked at Andy, "Take me home now" 

Andy wasn't quite as happy as his wife. He was in fact a little confused. He was wondering how he had allowed the situation to drift so far away from his control as to watch his own wife enjoy being licked out by a woman, knowing that this woman was tasting his cum, and also knowing and not minding, that having allowed Anne access to Jackie, he'd have difficulty denying Justin or anyone else, the same access! Nevertheless, Jackie had clearly enjoyed herself and on that score the evening must count as a success, and might yet be turned to his future advantage as intended!

Anne was surprised both with herself for having the nerve to go down on Jackie with both partners present and likely to object. It had been a complete impulse, she had no idea or intention until the words 'but I can' had come from her lips, and definitely no expectation that Justin would let her, even if Andy didn't object. Now, having gone down on a woman for the very first time she was wondering how or when she would be able to repeat the experience - hopefully with Jackie and hopefully both ways!

Justin, on the other hand, was far from happy. He had engineered this entire evening with the covert intention of getting to fuck Andy's wife, having seen her photo when he first spoke to Andy. That he hadn't done so, and was obviously not going to, as Jackie had clearly had enough, was frustrating in the extreme, and to think that his 'bit on the side', Anne, had managed it, was making him feel really pissed off! But he wasn't about to give up completely!

"Shall we all meet up again some time," he asked.

The others nodded as one. 
