A Day at the Beach

It was a beautiful August morning at Carnival beach. Raven had no trouble getting up at all; because all was well. She was away from her boring upstate town, and down at her girlfriend's beach house for 2 weeks on a summer break. Just her, the exquisite beach home, and 14 full days of relaxation ahead. She sat up in the bed and the hot summer sun flowed from the window caressing her naked breasts. The warmth of the sun on her nude body dazzled her. She rose from bed smirking, stretched, and then made her way to the shower to clean up for a stress-free day of comfort.

---

Raven tied her silky black hair into a ponytail as she made her way down the sand dunes towards the shore to start her day of complete relaxation. All ready the blazing dry sun heated her body into a damp sweat, and she longed to strip down into her bikini as soon as possible. Being the one of the last days before the summer season was over, the beach was crowded with people enjoying the last days before it was all over.

She found a nice location near the center of the beach near a group of college guys. She figured she could do some flaunting in while she relaxed, just for some pure entertainment. Quickly, she set down her things and removed her white tank top and denim shirts, stripping down into her quite revealing red string-bikini. The group of guys parallel to her spot all grinned, and when she took note she smirked and lay down on her towel.

The men gawked at the perfectly proportioned girl beside them. She had beautifully rounded curves and a nice tanned shade of skin. The first two hours were completely tranquil and peaceful for Raven. She lay on her blanket under the beaming hot sun and the blue cloudless sky. She listened to the sound of the ocean waves crashing onto the shore, the seagulls calling, and the laughing of the merry beach goers living out the last few days of summer. She occasionally flipped onto her belly to tan her back, and vice-versa.

Raven came to the realization that this was actually starting to bore her, and she was surprised. “Everything is perfect. .How can I not be enjoying this beautiful day?” She muttered to herself. She came to the conclusion that she needed some action to liven up the day. She felt stubborn that she couldn’t enjoy herself without some crazy adventure, although the events to come were MUCH more than she wanted.

She glanced over to the group of guys that were still there, and they were tossing a football around to each other. Raven got up and walked down to the shore to cool herself off in the sea. On her way, she noticed a sign warning of an undertow present in the ocean for the day, and not to go too far into this section of the water. She glanced around and there was no life guard in site, so she ignored the warning and submerged into the water. The cool water refreshed her greatly, and she longed to go further in to submerge the rest of her body to quench herself. She plodded in deeper until the deep blue tinted water was up to her neck, and then she felt relieved.

She put her head under to cool herself off, and then stood in the water for quite some time to take in its splendor. The perfect combination of the cool water and the heat of the sun balanced her out, and she did not want to move.

The sound of the life guard’s voice through the megaphone startled her out of this trance, and her head spun to the shore. “M’AM PLEASE EXIT THE WATER NOW, THIS SECTOR IS OFF LIMITS. COME TO THE SHORE.” Disappointed, she started to advance forward, but felt a tug at her waste. The undertow. She shouted in surprise and the next feeling shocked her. The cool water caressed her bare waste and sent a shock of exhilaration through out her body. She looked down and through the water she saw only the color of her tanned skin; the undertow had torn off her bikini bottoms and she went light-headed. Frantically she searched for them through the water. In the process of searching for them, the water tugged at another piece of clothing. Correction, her ONLY piece of clothing, her bikini top. The cool water flowed around her naked body in a whole, and sent her into a soaring state of arousol. Her bare feminine form glistened in the water.

“M’AM PLEASE EXIT THE WATER NOW!” The life guard shouted this time with a hint of irritation in his voice. The calls of the life guard had attracted the rest of people on the beach, and a small crowd formed on a shore ahead of her. Raven could not find her bikini bottoms in the water.

She made her way forward to the shore until the water was just above her shoulders, she thought of how to approach this situation. She saw the group of guys she had been next to standing in the crowd looking at her confused. They and the rest of the beach goers staring sent a wave of humiliation through her, and she pictured herself exiting the beach, hands covering her bare vagina and breasts, and the crowd pointing and laughing at her.

She made her way closer, however she made it look like she was doggy paddling, breasts and vagina facing downward in the water.

She could not pull herself to leave the water. The life guard’s voice through the megaphone told her “ALL RIGHT M’AM. .DON’T COOPERATE. YOU’RE CLOSE ENOUGH TO THE SHORE NOW ANYWAY, SO YOU’RE SAFE.” Raven made it look like she was relaxing in the water and soon the crowd dispersed muttering various things. And this was not entirely fake. Something about the feeling of the chill water around her nude made her feel insanely aroused.


“Now I’m in real trouble.” she thought. She stood there in that very same position for a long time until she had even taken action. She saw the group of men she had been next to pack up their towels and coolers and they walked up to the parking lot to leave. One of them however, hovered behind. He turned around and saw her there in the water staring at him, and this intrigued him. He made his way to the water to start up conversation, thinking she was interested in him.

“Oh God”, she said to herself. “Hey there, is everything ok?”

“Yes”, she laughed faintly, “Just. Taking in the beautiful day, you know.”

“Yeah. .You’ve been in the water for a LONG time though; you want to come to the concession stand with me or something?”

The thought of him seeing her bottomless sent a wave of adrenaline in her belly. “Err, no I’m ok”, she replied with a shaking voice. She then decided to use this situation to her advantage. She moved closer until the water was just a millimeter above her bare vagina. “Listen, I-I need your help”, she sobbed to him. Startled he asked what was wrong. “I-I lost my bikini in the water and if I leave. everyone will see me, PLEASE HELP.” It took him a moment to take this in, and immediately he developed an erection at the thought of this beautiful woman with no bottoms on.

Instead of helping out, he decided to have a little fun with this situation.
“All right, come with me.”
“W-what? I can’t leave the water!”
“Well you have to now.”
“W-what?!”
“If you don’t come with me I’ll call my friends over and make a big scene.”
“You bastard! She shouted at him.”
Heads turned at the two.

He grinned maniacally. “All right. I’ll come”, she whispered almost in tears. She slowly advanced from the water, first revealing her beautiful round tits, and then the rest of her naked body. In disgust with him, she covered her parts with her hands. He gawked, then quickly recovered and grabbed her arm to guide her. “Let’s go.” “This is going to be a long day. ”She thought humiliated.
