Cinema Hall Encounter.

By Jeevan jeevan80@rediffmail.com

I met my closet friend Akh and his sexy wife Dil just
by accident. It happened like this. I was in Mumbai
and was bored like hell and thought to look up some
movie just to pass my time. I went to a theater in
Andheri area ( sorry cannot remember the name ) and
booked a ticket for the Balcony. The picture was some
Hindi movie with all the masala in it. When I was in
the que, a gentleman approached me and requested me to
buy Two tickets for him. There was hell of rush and he
said that he did not want to miss the movie as his
wife was very anxious to see it from many days. OK I 
said I will buy the tickets.

I bought Two extra tickets and gave them to the
Gentleman. He was standing there with his wife. Ohhh
what a lady she was! She was about 5 5, 34-24-38.
she was wearing tight midi and  flimsy T-shirt top. I
could see the outline of her Blak Bra right through
it. I too could see the outline of the panties she was
wearing. She was very fair, shoulder cut,  light brown
hair. She had nice sexy eyes and striking high cheek
bones. She looked as if she was western lady, a
foreigner. Yes she was because the man introduced
himself and his wife to me. His name was Akh and hers
Dil. They were Muslim couple and had come to India to
spend their holidays. I said hello to them and went
away, thing about the sexy wife I just met. I wondered
if she would sit besides me in the theater. Just the
thought gave me a huge Hard-on.

I went in and occupied my seat and waited for the
movie to begin. Suddenly I heard a sweet female voice,
 Excuse me please! Would you please let me go in?
Ohh yes I gave way to the lady. I thought she will sit
on the chair next to the lady sitting one seat away
and let her husband sit next to me. But my heart
skipped a beat as she sat down right next to me and
the husband smiled at me while passing by to occupy
the next seat. I got conscious and adjusted myself so
that I was not touching the lady. Soon the light went
out and the movie started. I slowly got relaxed and
spread my thighs. While doing so my leg touched the
ladys. I thought she will be angry, but she pressed
her thigh on mine and relaxed. Ohhhhh! Her thigh felt
full and hot on mine and my cock jumped at the touch.
Then I too pressed my thigh against her and looked for
her reaction. She smiled sexily at me! Ohhhhhhhh! I
was excited and smiled back at her. I then put my hand
on the hand rest next to hers and she did not remove
her own hand resting there. I became bold now and
poked her breasts with my shoulder. I felt the fleshy
Orbs. They were luscious and hard at the same time.
Ohhhh! My cock was now leaking precome in
anticipation. I felt a hand on my thighs and it
travelled to my bulge. I felt shivers run all through
my body and I too moved my hands on her thigh. The
hand caressed my thigh while seeking my cock and
ultimately she caught my bulge in her palm, judging
the thickness of my manhood.  Ohhh! Its BIG and
HARD, she whispered. I too started to caress the
silky thighs and slowly pushed my hand inside her
skirt. She lifted her ass up so as to allow my hand to
travel its destination.

I felt a hand on my shoulder patting me on my back!
That was the Husband, Akh!! My god I felt scared but
he whispered to me " Hey dont be afraid. I know what
you are doing. Go ahead and do whatever u like with
Dil. I love this watching my wife doing nasty things
with strangers. She too loves it so dont worry she is
yours for the entire movie!"

I got tensionless and with all the lust flowing to my
cock I pushed my hands further up searching for the
pussy. Soon I found the bush of silky pussy hair. The
hair tickled my hand and I sought further... I found
the wet hole and was it wet? It was dripping with all
that sticky juice and my hands were wetted with it. I
took my hand out and smelled it. Ohh it was delicious
acrid smell.. I licked it and took my hand to Dils
mouth. She licked it too and asked her husband Akh to
lick it. He moaned while licking the juice off my
fingers and asked me to fish out more of the honey.

Dil was not idle. She had unzipped my pant, putting
some big scarf over my lap to hide the episode from
other onlookers. She rubbed my cock over my shorts and
whispered in her husbands ears. He looked at me and
leaning on one side pushed his hand along with his
wifes and caught my cock. He showed appreciation of
the size and said, " Jeevan, your cock is big and
thick. My wife loves such cocks. ohhhh! It will be
fun."

He removed his hand and relaxed, watching all the
time. Dil pushed her hand in my shorts and I felt my
naked cock for the first time. Her hand was soft and
she had some skill even as she held the monster in her
hands. She then fished out my cock out of the pant and
now it stood at 90 degrees for her attention. She
spread the precome on my glans and GOD it tickled. She
did this and soon I was about to burst. My entire cock
head was coated with the sticky precome and it even
started to flow down on the length.

I had found the hole of pleasure and inserted one
finger in her pussy hole. The hole was tight and
slippery. My finger entered in and I felt the walls of
her vagina contract on it. She moaned and asked me to
push another finger. I did push three fingers and she
started humping them with the movements of her ass.
Now she was moving her hand over my cock, jacking me
off. I told her to suck it, as I was very much excited
about the idea of her mouth on my cock. She told me it
was dangerous to do it here and asked me if I can go
to the gents toilet, and soon she will follow with
her husband. I agreed and hurriedly put my cock back
in the pant and zipping it I went out of the darkness
to the toilet.

As the movie was going on the passage was deserted and
nobody watched me going to the toilet. I went in and
waited for the couple. Soon I heard the toilet door
open and in came Dil and Akh. I hurried to the closed
toilet and went in followed by Dil and Akh. Once we
were inside, Dil wanted to piss before we start
anything. So I told her to piss in front of me and she
lifted her skirt and squatted on the toilet seat,
letting away stream of yellow piss. I could not
refrain myself and put my hand in the stream. Ohh it
was hot and smelly. Then I lowered my mouth on the
stream of hot piss and drank it like I was thirsty for
days! It was salty and had typical smell. I think she
must have consumed some vanilla ice cream! I drank as
much as I could and then unzipping my pants brought
out my own cock. Akh was watching all this rubbing his
own cock over his pant and encouraging us.

I aimed my cock at Dil's cunt and started to piss.
Ohhh the piss landed on dil's pussy and she moaned
loudly urging me to piss faster. " OHHH piss on my
cunt! Piss on my clit! Oohhh AKh watch this. Ohhh god
I am cominggggggggggggggggggg!" And Dil came moving
her ass over the toilet seat as my piss jet tickled
her sensitive clit. I lowered my mouth on the coming
pussy and felt the convulsions. Ohhhhh! Dil was coming
hard.

I could not resist the temptation to push my cock
roughly into Dils mouth. Dil was already breathless
with the efforts of coming but opened her mouth to
welcome my cock. Akh had his now hard cock out and was
rubbing it slowly.  I fucked the wifes mouth as if it
was a cunt and Dil too took my cock up to her throat
and was expertly sucking it, so be more right
swallowing it! She now squatted before me with her
mouth full of my cock meat and was sucking it, moving
her tongue expertly on the underside of my cock. She
was moving her tongue expertly and I felt my cock
twitch with every swirl of her tongue. Akh came behind
Dil and turned her tee shirt up, exposing her big
bra-clad boobs. There was no much time for us to enjoy
the fucking so I told them to just fuck and go to the
seats or else we would be caught.

So I slipped her skirt high above her ass and pushed
my hard cock inside the fleshy cunt. My cock entered
easily as her cunt was fully lubricated with her own
come. I pushed to the hilt and started to fuck her in
haste. Ohh it was exciting, the fear of getting caught
was thrilling! Dil bucked her hips fast to meet my
cock and fucked me back. Akh had his cock out and went
to his wifes mouth to ram it in the oral cavity. She
swallowed his cock and sucked hard, still pushing her
hips to my fucking.

Suddenly we heard the door open and somebody walked in
singing the song from the same movie. Ohhh! We heard
him pissing and then went out. We were still and did
not make any noise and as soon as we heard him go I
fucked Dil more hard and fast. She too hastily bucked
her hips to fuck me and sucked her husbands cock
faster. Her husband yelled that he was coming and
released his come in her mouth. Some of it trickled
through her mouth and fell from her chin. Seeing this
I too came in her cunt and catching her boobs lay on
her back breathing faster. Her husband came
immediately to her cunt and removing my cock put his
mouth to it sucking and licking my hot come from the
pussy of his wife. We immediately came out, me first
then Dil and last was Akh.

As we came out we saw a couple go towards the toilet
and wondered if they too were going to fuck there. But
we had out enjoyment and did not bother to go back.
But Akh had something in mind and excusing us he went
in the toilet after few minutes. Dil and me went and
sat on our respective seats and watched the movie. Dil
again pushed her hand in my pant and started to fondle
my limp cock. I put my hand over her shoulder back and
pushed it in her t-shirt to catch the fleshy boobs.
The seat next to Dil was vacant and I saw the lady
sitting next watching our movements. I told Dil about
it and she smiled and said, "Let her watch and get
hot, come on sit in Akh's place so that she can watch
us closer."

I went and sat there, next to that lady and Dil. we
continued out play and I saw from the corners of my
eyes that the lady was watching every move of ours. I
slipped my hand in Dils skirt and fished out some of
the mixed come. I smelled it boldly so that the lady
too can see it. Ohm what a sight! The lady was
observing this and was telling something to her
husband (?) we did not bother and Dil made my cock
hard again. She took it out of my pant and started to
jack me off. Somebody from the back whispered in our
ears that we should not do it here. To hell with that.
I told him to jack off looking at us and started to
rub Dills pussy.

Soon we were hot again and wanted some action so we
walked out towards Toilet to play the game of fucking.
As we entered the toilet we saw Akh putting his eyes
to the keyhole and watching inside the closed toilet.
He heard the door and quickly went to piss, as if to
show. I asked him what it was. He told that the couple
was fucking inside. The man is fucking the lady in the
ass and its exciting... I went to the keyhole and
watched. The man was shooting his sperm in the ass of
the lady and was putting his hand on her mouth to
avoid any sound. I caught Dil and bent her there
itself and pushed my cock in her ass. She cried loudly
and the man inside hurriedly came out leaving the lady
in, adjusting her clothes. He saw us and was stunned
at our daring. Ohhhh Dil was crying loudly and trying
to take my cock inside the tight ass. I rammed it hard
and she cried with pain. Noooo Not now.. Later. Fuck
my cunt.. Not assss..... But I told her I wanted her
back door and pushed my cock harder. Both Akh and the
man were watching us! Soon the lady too came out and
saw us fucking. Ohh u should have seen her colour. She
went pale and muffled a cry, out of fear and
excitement too.

I continued to fuck Dil right there not caring what
will happen. As the two had fucked in there they were
no problem. I told the other lady to stand before Dil
and offer her the pussy by lifting her sari. She
looked at the man who was with her and he nodded. She
went to Dil's mouth and lifted her sari giving Dil
nice view of the hairy cunt. Dil did not hesitate to
put her mouth to the cunt and started licking it fast.
The woman moaned and pushed her ass forward and the
man fished out his cock and started to jack off. We
did not have much time so I fucked dils ass hurriedly
and Dil too licked off the lady. We all came together
and immediately strained our clothes and went out. In
the corridor we all introduced our selves and the man
whose name was dinesh promised us to meet.

We saw ?? the movie and promising to meet again
departed. We all did meet again and enjoyed every
thing in peace and with more enjoyment. Off course 
fucking in the cinema hall could not match anything !
I still remember it and my cock gets hard!!!!!!!!!!!

I will come to you with the story of our ORGY soon.
BYE till then.....
 

Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>
You are all welcome to send feedback to me at Jeevan
jeevan80@yahoo.com

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!