This is a work of fiction. All characters and events are imaginary. Any similarity with real life events is purely coincidental. Some of these stories contain erotic and often very violent and immoral content. To continue reading, you should be 18 years or older, and over the age of majority in your country. You should also understand the difference between fiction and reality. If any of these conditions do not apply, leave now.

----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Doppelganger
Main website: http://www.asstr.org/~doppelganger/
Title: Reatcher World
Keywords: (M/F, M/f, m/F, m/f, humil, tragic, job)
Optional Keywords: (viol, snuff) 

----------------------------------------------------------------




Many stories are set in a near-future dystopia where western countries are caught in a spiral of increased wealth gap, corruption, control of media and political agenda by financial elites, judges with political agenda, reduced labor rights and reduction of free speech rights. Because it is a recurring scenario, I create this "nano-story" that can be referred by others.

----------------------------------------------------------------

In 5 years in the future, growing social tensions between an increasing and not overtly adapted inmigrant population and the ethnic populations leads to far-right parties having won power in most European countries. After expelling a big part of the population with foreign ancestry, they set up an alternative loose "European Association" (EA), and each of them set up semi-autarkic models where migrant flows are extremely restricted, and commercial exchange is reduced to the necessary, and preferably with other EA members. 

In addition, they introduce increasignly strong socially conservative reforms, coupled with economically liberal measures that are marketed as a need to reactivate the economies, but are designed to win the favour of the financial elites that would otherwise be skeptic of any kind of revolution, either in progressive or conservative flavor. Therefore, labor rights would be progressively reduced and labor unions substituted with more "efficient" alternatives, controlled by the government, trade associations and investment funds. Reduction of free speech, both in traditional and electronic press, and reforms in the voting system would allow to lock the system before any kind of dissatisfaction could spiral into something big enough to put them out of power. 

In 15 years from the present, programs of global surveillance are easily enforced that would allow to identify possible troublemakers, and additional voting reforms could be introduced: voting rights are stripped from all women, as well as from men that are declared "financially or morally insolvent", the latter meaning mostly those that have had problems with the justice due to being too outspoken in their opposition to the government. Besides, some parties are declared morally insolvent too. These reforms ensure that any opposition is reduced to a tamed and innocuous minority. All in all, as with any authoritarian system, a fair share of the non-privileged population still supports the government, mostly males from middle and even lower class, attracted by the conservative flavor of the policies, properly spinned by the censored media and cheap entertainment.

A similar trend would take place in the United States, where at the prospect of inequality leading to undesiderable social movements, lobbies backed by the financial elite would have launched movements that seductively combined radical minarchy with a strong flavor of meritocracy and social conservativism that would appeal to a large number of disaffected people. Once in power, these new leaders would amend the constitution, changing the electoral system enough to ensure continued victories, and they would promote the ideology that those that are at the bottom, poor or exploited, do not have the merit to be above, or maybe it is God who wants them to be where they are.
