Becky's Adventures

Becky’s Adventures Part 1

“Hey girl, whatcha doin?”

“Bex! I thought you were out with Brian,” Liz answered.

“We had a huge fight. Wanna get a pizza?” Becky answered.

“Sure. My ‘rents are gone for the night. Come on over. I want to hear all about this fight!” 

“Brian is such a jerk. He called me a slut and dumped me!” Becky answered.

“Just now? What was the fight about and why does he think you’re a slut?” Liz asked excitedly.

“He said my skirt was too short and I looked like a slut. It went downhill from there.”

“Wow! I never heard a guy complain about that before! There must be more to it than that,” Liz said.

“There is, but he didn’t know about it. I’ll tell you when I get there,” Becky said. “I just left his house. Be there in 5.” 

Liz closed her phone. She couldn’t wait to hear about her friend’s fight. Becky didn’t dress slutty and even if she did, she couldn’t imagine an 18 year old boy complaining about it. She felt bad for her friend. Becky and Brian had been dating since Spring. Now, just 2 weeks into summer vacation after their senior year, neither one had a boyfriend. It wasn’t turning out to be the summer they had imagined. She didn’t have time to dwell on it, though. Becky was at the door.

“Wow! That must be the skirt Brian and you were arguing about. That’s super short! I’ve never seen you wear that before,” Liz said as Becky came in the door.

“It’s new. I bought it last week as a birthday present to myself. Mom hates it but now that I’m 18 she can’t stop me. I can wear anything I want,” Becky said.

“Damn girl! Don’t take this the wrong way, but you do kinda look like a slut in that. Where do you even buy a skirt that short?” Liz asked, looking at her friend in amazement.

“Well, I got it at the mall but I kinda had it shortened a little,” Becky said with a blush.

“A little? Does it even cover your ass? Turn around and let me see,” Liz said. Becky did a twirl for her. “Geez, Bex. You must have bought a thong, too,” Liz laughed. Becky’s skirt was a fraction of an inch too short to cover her butt.

“Nope, commando! And if Brian wasn’t such a jerk he could be having a lot of fun right now,” Becky answered.

“You are not commando under that skirt!”

“I am so. Brian started in on me the minute he saw me and he doesn’t even know there’s nothing but me under the skirt,” Becky said as she took off her windbreaker.

“And no bra, either. Brian is right! You are a slut!” Liz laughed. “What were you planning for tonight?”

“Look, I’ve been dating Brian for two months and he’s barely made a move on me. He’s felt me up, like, twice since we started going out. I wanted to have sex but that’s not why I dressed like this,” Becky said.

“No? So exactly why did you dress like a slut, then?” Liz asked.

“Promise you won’t tell everyone?” Becky asked. Liz nodded.

“Ok, this is gonna sound weird. I have this fantasy of showing off a little. I’ve been reading about it on the ‘Net…you know, about being an exhibitionist? Well, I wanted to try it out but I wanted to do it with Brian.” Becky waited for her friend’s reaction.

“So, you wanted to exhibit yourself to Brian? Don’t tell me he’s never seen you naked!” Liz said.

“He hasn’t. But it wasn’t him I wanted to show off to. I wanted him to be with me. I can’t just walk around in public by myself dressed like this!” Becky explained.

“So you are a slut! You wanted, like, regular people to see you like this?”

“I am not a slut. I’m 18 and I’ve slept with 4 guys. How does that make me a slut?” Becky asked.

“Well, you’re dressed like a slut,” Liz said with a laugh.

“OK, maybe you should look at the web sites I’ve been hitting. Maybe that will explain it. Got your laptop handy?” Becky asked.

Liz headed into her bedroom to get her laptop. When she came out Becky was sitting on the couch drinking a Diet Coke.

“Woah, I can see you weren’t lying about going commando,” Liz laughed. “Looks like you shaved carefully, too.”

“Don’t get all lezzie on me. The whole point of wearing a skirt this short without panties is that showing can’t be helped. Give me the laptop and I’ll show you that other chicks think this is fun, too,” Becky said. 

Becky pulled up a couple of sites with dares and stories of women exhibitionists. She handed the laptop to Liz. Becky flipped on the stereo while Liz read from the sites. After about 15 minutes she bookmarked the sites and closed the laptop.

“So, have you done any of these dares or any of the stuff in these stories?” Liz asked.

“No, but I was planning to…with Brian. He freaked out before I could even say anything.”

“So, what were you planning, exactly?” Liz asked. She was getting interested in this.

“Well, some of the stuff in the dares is pretty wild. I was going to do the basics first before I tried any of the wild stuff,” Becky answered.

“Don’t make me read those sites right now. What are the basics?” Liz asked. She had never known this side of her best friend existed.

“You know, basic stuff like wearing a really short skirt in public, riding naked in the car, having a pizza delivered naked, doing the drive-through naked, posing for pictures naked…that kind of stuff.” Becky explained.

“Wow! You’re gonna do all that stuff? That’s awesome!” Liz exclaimed.

“I was but that was before my boyfriend turned out to be such a pussy. I can’t do this stuff alone. It’s too dangerous,” Becky said bitterly.

“Does doing this stuff make you horny?” Liz asked.

“I haven’t really done any of it yet but I’ve been going through tons of batteries since I found those web sites,” Becky answered with a laugh. “I guess I’ll have to keep fantasizing until I find another boyfriend.”

“Well, I can help you with it,” Liz said. She held her breath waiting for her friend’s reaction.

“Um, look, I, um, I know we kissed a couple months ago, but I don’t really know if I’m into girls. I told you if I decided to try it you’d be the first to know…”Becky let her sentence hang.

“Yeah, and I told you I knew I liked girls and you know we could be in bed right now. I also said I wouldn’t push you and I haven’t and I’m not pushing you now. You obviously want to do this and I think it would be fun to watch. If you were doing it with Brian, wouldn’t some other girls see you, like at the drive-through? Just because I’ll enjoy seeing you naked shouldn’t have anything to do with anything. I can help you do this and keep you safe,” Liz said.

“Yeah, you’re right. I still don’t know if I’m going to do any of it. The thought of it makes me horny but it’s still really embarrassing. It took me about an hour to get up the nerve to walk out of the house in this outfit. I was hoping Brian would be into it and would encourage me, you know, give me a push into doing it. Do you think he’s gay?”

“How would I know? I’m not even sure if I’m gay! Let’s not talk about Brian. I’d rather talk about you doing the basics. Are you gonna let me help you?” Liz asked.

“Well, I really was stoked for this and I am dressed for it. Why not? Let’s do it,” Becky said.

“Awesome. Just one thing…the basics…the things you wanted to start with? Well, all but one of them is done naked. So, you’re not really dressed for it but it looks like you could be easily enough.” Liz couldn’t help laughing at her friend.

“What did you have in mind?” Becky asked. She was suddenly not sure she was ready for this.

“Well, you mentioned something about pizza earlier and that is on your list of basics. Why don’t you get out of those clothes and I’ll get my camera. We can order pizza and get the whole posing for naked pictures one out of the way while we wait for it to get here.”

“You want me to strip naked? Now?” Becky asked, suddenly embarrassed and trying to stall for time.

“Bex, is there any other way you can be an exhibitionist?” Liz laughed. “OK, wait till I get my camera and we can get some pictures of your clothes coming off!” In a flash Liz was off getting her camera from her room.

Becky was very embarrassed at the thought of taking her clothes off. She knew she would be and had told herself she just needed to get through it. She wasn’t prepared for it, though. Her heart was pounding and she could feel a knot in her stomach. She didn’t have much time to think about it, though. Before she knew it, Liz was standing there with the camera. In fact, she had already taken a picture and was aiming a second. Becky knew the pictures would show that she wasn’t wearing anything under her tiny skirt.

“OK, Bex, strip!” Liz commanded with a laugh.

Becky was blushing deeply as she stood up, took a deep breath, and peeled off her blouse. Without pausing she unzipped her skirt and pulled it down. Liz was taking pictures non-stop.

“Shoes, too?” Becky asked.

“Um, no, leave ‘em on. They look good on you. Let’s see that butt,” Liz said.

For the next several minutes Liz directed Becky into pose after pose as she took pictures. After getting her front and back, standing, sitting, and walking, Liz suggested some explicit poses. At first, Becky balked at this but Liz insisted.

“Come on, Bex. If you’ve ever looked at naked pictures in magazines or on the ‘Net, you know they always include some spread shots. You can’t have naked pictures without ‘em.”

Reluctantly at first, and with a full body blush, Becky spread her legs. Liz was busy with the camera and kept encouraging her. By the time they were done, Liz had snapped dozens of pictures of Becky with her legs open, legs up, and even a couple with her legs up over her head. When she was done, about half of the pictures she had taken showed Becky with her legs apart.

Becky had gotten over the shock of posing nude for her friend. It was still awkward for her to be sitting totally naked with her fully clothed friend as Liz began transferring the pictures to her laptop. She had filled her camera memory card. It took a few minutes to get the pictures transferred but soon the girls were looking at a slide show of Becky’s nude photos. Liz had taken 60 pictures. In most of them Becky looked terribly embarrassed but in the last few, she looked like she was enjoying herself.

“Oh my gawd!” Becky said. “Those pictures are so embarrassing!”

“Well, I can tell posing made you horny,” Liz laughed. “Look here,” she said as she pulled up one of the shots of Becky with her legs spread. Her arousal was evident. “You may be embarrassed, but you can see how hot this makes you. I’d call this a success!”

“All right! I admit it. That made me horny,” Beck said. “Now what?”

“Well, we ought to be able to get you through all the basics tonight. Ready to order that pizza?” Liz asked.

“All the basics tonight? I don’t know. And I’m not real hungry at the moment,” Becky answered.

“Bex, you’re just nervous about the pizza guy seeing you naked. You can do it. You’ll be fine,” Liz encouraged her.

“That’s easy for you to say! You have clothes on,” Becky said.

“Yeah, but you’re the exhibitionist. It’s way cool having you hang out naked. Now, how about mushrooms?” Liz answered.

“Mushrooms?”

“On your pizza, silly,” Liz answered. She picked up the phone. While she was ordering the pizza Becky reached for her clothes.

“Bex, you might as well stay naked. No sense getting dressed now just to strip again when the pizza gets here.” She turned her attention back to the phone. 

“Liz! Shut up! They’ll hear you!” Becky said.

Liz finished with the order and hung up. She was laughing.

“Oops! I think he’s gonna deliver our pizza personally. Now, let’s talk about what you’re going to do when he gets here.”

“What do you mean?” Becky asked. She couldn’t help noticing how much Liz was getting into this.

“Well, it would be pointless to have you all naked and then hiding behind the door. Here, let’s do this.” She took a twenty out of her purse and put it on the kitchen table. “OK, when he comes, you open the door wide, take the pizza and put it here,” she said, pointing to the coffee table. “Then, you walk back to the door, find out how much it is, then walk to the kitchen, get the money, walk back to the door, give him the money and get your change. No covering up and no trying to make this look like an accident. You need to exhibit yourself to him,” Liz said.

“Wow! And what are you going to be doing while I’m parading around naked for this guy?” Becky answered.

“Taking pictures, of course,” Liz laughed.

Becky looked longingly at her clothes piled up on the couch. She was feeling very self-conscious about her nudity and was thinking about getting dressed for the wait for the pizza. Liz saw the look and scooped up Becky’s clothes.

“I’ll just put these away for now so you won’t be tempted.” Liz took several more pictures of Becky while they waited for the pizza to arrive. Becky was nervous, anxious, embarrassed, and horny. Liz wasn’t making the situation any better. She was horny watching her best friend naked and also couldn’t stop laughing at what Becky was about to do.
All too soon, the doorbell rang.



Becky's Adventures Part 2

“Show time!” Liz squealed as she grabbed the camera.

Becky felt her skin flush as she made her way to the door. Taking a deep breath she opened the door wide, fully exposing herself to the pizza guy. His eyes went wide and he broke into a huge grin. Becky stood there fighting the urge to cover up. After an awkward moment she took the pizza and walked it over to the table. She walked back to the door and told the guy she’d be right back with the money. She felt like a total slut as she walked into the kitchen for the money. The feeling intensified as she slowly walked back to the door, giving the delivery guy a prolonged, full frontal view of her nudity. He grinned but didn’t say anything. After a full minute of fumbling for her change, he stammered his thanks and began walking away from the door, never taking his eyes off Becky. She stood at the doorway letting him look as long as he wanted. Finally, she closed the door and burst out laughing.

“Oh my gawd, Bex! That was freaking awesome!” Liz said

“Oh my gawd! Did you see that? I was, like, totally naked right in front of that guy! He saw everything! Did you see his pants bulge? That was totally cool!” Becky said, flush with excitement.

“I want to see these pictures before we eat!” Liz said excitedly. Becky’s adrenaline was flowing and she couldn’t even think about eating at the moment. She paced around the room while Liz downloaded the pictures. Liz got 23 pictures of the exhibitionism. About half showed the delivery guys shocked face and Becky’s nude body in the same frame. The girls commented on the pictures for a while before they sat down to eat their pizza. Becky felt self-conscious as she ate in the nude but didn’t mention it. She was too excited to eat and only had one piece.

“Come on, nudey girl! There’s plenty of pizza here. Eat something, will ya?” Liz said.

“I’m too hyper to eat. I’ll get some later. I still can’t believe I was so naked like, right in front of that guy! What a rush!”

“So, you ready for more of the basics?’ Liz asked with a grin.

“Yeah, I don’t want to stop know. What do you have in mind?” Becky asked.

“Well, you’ve done 2 of the things you mentioned, which leaves naked in the car, wearing your short skirt in public, and naked in the drive-through. Why don’t we do them all?” 

“All of them, right now?” Becky asked.

“Sure, why not? Then we’ll have them all out of the way. I’m gonna read those websites tonight and get some ideas and then the real fun can start!” Liz answered.

“I was thinking it would take all summer to get through the basics. This is so cool, though. I’m really looking forward to trying some of the stuff on those web sites. So, how do we do this?” Becky said.

“Hmm, how about this? We’ll get you dressed, go to the mall for a bit to cover the short skirt in public thing, then head to the drive-through. You can strip in the car at the mall and that will cover the naked in the car and drive-through. Your basics will be done and we can talk about the rest of the stuff you want to do when we get home.”

“Oh gawd, this is so embarrassing!” Becky said, hesitating to agree with the plan Liz made.

“Bex, you’ve been naked for an hour and you don’t seem at all embarrassed. Ok, you look embarrassed when the pizza guy got here, but you must have loved it since you keep talking about it. Let’s just do this!” Liz encouraged. 

“I am embarrassed, whether I look it or not. It feels weird to be naked and everything else is normal. It’s OK, though. It’s hard to explain but I kinda like it. Plus, it’s really making me horny,” Becky answered. “You should try it!”

“Um, no thanks. I’ll take my clothes off for you in the bedroom if you want. I can’t see myself just wandering around naked. But I’m glad you enjoy it. I love seeing you naked and since I’m supposed to be encouraging you with your new hobby, I’m hoping to see you naked a lot. Besides, it will be easier to get into your pants if you’re not wearing any,” Liz said with a laugh.

“I really am enjoying it and I do want you to encourage me, so feel free to try and get me out of my clothes any time you want. As far as the bedroom thing goes...well, let’s just say I know you want to do it with me but I’m still not sure I want to go there. I like it when you hit on me, though. I’m not ready to do the whole lezzie thing just yet, but I might get there,” Becky said. She had spoken honestly but was a little surprised by her admission none the less.

“That’s awesome, Bex. It sounds like you just opened the door for me. Don’t worry, I understand the whole ‘no means no’ thing. And I’m definitely gonna try to get you naked often,” Liz said. 

“Um, Liz, let’s um, I mean, let’s just say that ‘no’ means ‘maybe’ and see what happens,” Becky said with a blush.

“Deal! So, are we gonna finish the basics up tonight?” Liz asked. She was anxious to see Becky get naked in public. She knew it would be great entertainment.

“Yeah, let’s do it. So, the mall first?” Becky asked.

“Yeah, the mall, then a nice naked drive to the drive-through. I have an idea, though. Why don’t we add a little naked walk in public for you? Instead of getting dressed here, you can get dressed in the mall parking lot.” Liz suggested.

“Oh my gawd! My car is parked in the street. You want me to walk naked out to the street? Someone will see me for sure!” Becky said.

“Yeah, you’ll probably be seen. I’m not sure, but I think you kinda have to be seen if you’re an exhibitionist. Besides, you’re gonna be seen at the mall in that tiny skirt and the drive-through guys are gonna see you totally naked, so what’s the difference if some random neighbor sees you?” Liz argued.

“Oh my gawd! Oh my gawd! Oh my gawd! OK, I’ll do it!” Becky said. She knew she was getting carried away with this but it felt so good to her.

“Awesome. I’ll carry your clothes so there’s nothing to ruin the view,” Liz said. She couldn’t believe her friend was going to walk right out of her house naked. She wanted to get moving before Becky could change her mind. She got Becky’s skirt and blouse.

“Ok, let’s do it like this. I’ll go first and bring your clothes. Give me time to get to the car, then you come out. I’ll get some pictures of you on the walk to the car.” Liz said. She gathered up Becky’s clothes and her purse, pulling the car keys out as she talked. She was out the door before Becky could object. 

Liz tossed Becky’s clothes in the back seat and stood by the car with her camera ready. A minute later Becky came out wearing nothing but her heels. Liz began snapping pictures. When Becky was about half way to the street a car came by. It slowed and some guys were hanging out the window, yelling and laughing. Liz got some pictures of Becky’s reaction to getting caught naked halfway between the house and street and then got some pictures of the car and guys that had spotted her. Becky was a rush of emotion when she got in the car.
“Oh my gawd! Did you see those guys? They saw everything!” Becky bubbled.

Yeah, and they seemed to like it a lot!” Liz said. She snapped a few pictures of Becky sitting naked in the car and then headed for the mall.

Becky felt totally exposed as the girls drove to the mall. She felt like everyone on the road knew she was naked in the car. In reality, it would have been hard for anyone to see her in the darkened car. As Liz pulled into the mall, Becky began pulling on her blouse and skirt.

“I can’t believe I’m going into the mall dressed like this. Oh my gawd this is gonna be embarrassing.” Becky said.

“Bex, it’s gonna be OK. Everyone is gonna get a good look at your hot body but that’s all. I’ll make sure of it,” Liz reassured her.

“OK, I can do this. We’re not staying long, though. I’m in and then I’m out,” Becky said.

“Don’t worry, I have a plan. I’m parking over here,” Liz said as she pulled into a spot at the end of the mall. “We’ll go in here, head up the stairs, walk the length of the mall, head down the stairs at the far end, through the food court and back on the lower level until we get back to this end of the mall. I’ll be right with you and we’ll stop a few times while I take some pictures.” 

“Um, Liz, don’t you think taking pictures will attract a lot of attention?” Becky asked.

“Sure, but no more than you walking around with your butt hanging out of your skirt and your titties flopping around under your blouse. Besides, isn’t attention the whole point of this exercise?” Liz countered.

“Attention is fine but that doesn’t mean I’m going to walk through there screaming ‘hey look at me, I’m half naked!’”

“Oh, that would be fun! Maybe another time, though. Just remember that this is basic exhibitionism you’re doing and in order for it to work, you have to exhibit. You wouldn’t be doing this at all if you didn’t want to be seen, right? So, people will see you. If a few more people see you because I’m taking pictures, so what?”

“Ok, you can take the pictures. Gawd, I can’t believe I’m doing this!” Becky said.

The two girls walked to the mall entrance. Becky was attracting a lot of attention the minute she entered the door. People would see her and then do a double take as they realized how short her skirt was. Liz had her camera in-hand and was taking pictures of people’s reaction to Becky’s revealing outfit. Just about 50 feet into the door there was a big, open staircase leading up to the second floor of the mall. Becky cringed as she realized that the stairs would reveal her lack of underwear to anyone walking behind her. Liz gave her a knowing glance.

“I’m going to hang back a bit and take some pictures. When you get to the stop, wait for me off to the side,” Liz said.

“Liz, do I have to do the stairs? Everything is gonna show!” Becky said.

“Bex, you don’t have to do any of this. You want to. Don’t you think you’ll be pissed at yourself if we go home and you didn’t do this? Sure, the stairs will let people see up your skirt. Isn’t that why we’re here? Just take a deep breath and do it,” Liz encouraged.
Becky started for the stairs. She kept telling herself that her skirt wasn’t ‘that’ short and people would see a bit of her butt and nothing else. She was about a quarter of the way up when she heard the comments from people on the stairs below here. She blushed as she realized that she was showing everything. Liz got some great pictures. She thought her friend was very brave for doing the stairs in her little skirt. She wondered if Bex knew that she was effectively bottomless to the people below her on the stairs.

Becky was blushing deeply as she made it to the top of the stairs and moved over to the side to wait for Liz. Liz almost laughed out loud as she realized she could see Becky’s pussy as she stood near the railing at the top of the stairs. She snapped a couple pictures of Becky and also of the small but growing group of people on the first floor enjoying the view of Becky’s pussy. She slowly walked up the stairs, trying to maximize the time Becky stood at the railing exposed to everyone below. She reached the top and stood next to her friend.

“Bex, you are awesome. Do you see those guys looking up here?” Becky nodded. “Cool. Do you realize that they can see right up your skirt and you’re not hiding a thing from them?” Liz laughed.

“Oh my gawd!” Becky moved away from the railing.

“I got some great pictures. Now, we’ll walk all the way to the end and then down the stairs. I’ll go down the stairs first so I can get some pictures of you coming down. When you come down the stairs, do it slowly so people can get a good look, ok?” Liz instructed.

“Um, sure. Gawd! I feel naked,” Becky said.

“Well, you shouldn’t. You’re only half naked,” Liz answered with a laugh.

The two girls walked the length of the mall. Lots of people stopped and stared. The girls heard comments from people passing by talking about her. Comments from the men that saw her were strangely flattering. Comments from women that saw here were decidedly not flattering. The single most common words she heard were ‘slut’ and ‘whore.’ Liz stopped her twice to take pictures. All too soon they were approaching the stairs at the end of the mall.

“So, do you want to get something to drink at the food court?” Liz asked. She was joking but Becky’s answer surprised her.

“Yeah, I want to try something. Let’s get a table in the food court,” Becky answered. 

Liz hurried down the stairs and got ready to take pictures. As Becky came down the stairs the view up her skirt was total. She may as well have not been wearing the skirt at all. Unfortunately, it was somewhat anti-climactic. Only one or two people even noticed and they just kept walking. Liz had been hoping for a huge audience and a lot of attention and comments. Becky joined her at the bottom of the stairs and they grabbed a table at the fairly crowded food court. 


Becky's Adventures Part 3


“So, what is it that you wanted to try?” Liz asked.

“I read a story on that web site I showed you about a girl who was in a mall wearing a very short skirt and no panties just like I am. Anyway, she was being blackmailed and had to sit in the food court with her legs spread wide. She had to stay there for a half hour, never closing her legs, and she had to try and make eye contact with everyone she could. It sounds totally humiliating and it’s been my favorite masturbation fantasy ever since I read it,” Becky explained.

“That sounds totally humiliating. I can’t imagine doing that!” Liz said, shocked that her friend would be turned on by such a humiliating act.

“That’s the problem. I can’t imagine it, either. I mean, I know it would be humiliating, but I don’t really know what it would be like. Not really, anyway. So, I’m going to do it,” Becky answered.

“What? You mean you want to sit in the food court with your legs spread for a half hour? Damn!” Liz responded.

“No! I just want to add some realism to the fantasy. I may want to try it for real some day but I need to know what it really feels like. I’m going to make eye contact with one person and then we’re out of here!” Becky explained.

“You go girl!” Liz laughed. “Sounds pretty humiliating to me!”

“I’m sure it will be. After I read that story I tried to do the whole legs spread, eye contact thing with jeans on and it was very embarrassing. Even with jeans on, there’s just something naughty about spreading my legs in public. I tried to convince myself that I would never act out that story but I can’t. I know it’s gonna be horrible but I also know I’m probably gonna do it someday. I’ll need lots of encouragement from you. There’s no way I’d be able to make myself sit here for a half hour with my legs spread. You’ll have to make me do it,” Becky answered.

“Ummm, I’m not sure how I could make you do that, but we can talk about it. For now, exactly how does this work? I mean, do you just pick some guy out, make eye contact with him then spread your legs?” Liz asked.

“That would be embarrassing enough but that’s not what the poor girl in the story had to do. She had to slide her chair to the side of the table, sit with her butt on the edge of the chair, and spread her legs as wide as she could get them. After she was sitting with her legs wide open, she had to make eye contact with the people looking at her and smile at them. Even when people came over to talk to her she couldn’t close her legs. It’s the hottest humiliation story I’ve ever read,” Becky explained.

“You’re going to do that? Now? Unbelievable, Bex!” Liz asked. “You’re just gonna spread your legs and let everyone here look at your puss?”

“Well, not for a half hour like in the story but yeah, until I make eye contact with someone who’s looking up my skirt. In the story, the girl has to walk all the way around the food court first to attract attention. That’s how I’ll start. I’ll walk around in a big circle. When I’m done, I’ll sit in the chair, spread my legs, and find someone to look in the eye. Once I’ve done that, we’re leaving, OK?” Becky explained.

“Is that what happened in the story? Did the character get to leave?” Liz asked. She couldn’t believe her friend was actually going to do this but she really wanted to see it.

“Yeah, in the story there was an exit from the food court that led to the back of the mall. They headed out that door and she had to hand her clothes over to her blackmailer. She waited behind the mall naked while the blackmailer went to get the car,” Becky explained.

“Well, I don’t see a door here that goes to the back of the mall. Plus, you still have to walk across the lower level. If you want to live this story out, we can go out the door we came in and walk around the back, though,” Liz said. The idea of leaving her friend naked behind the mall while she went to get the car was very hot!

“I hadn’t planned on that. Let me think about it for a bit,” Becky said.

“Bex, you have to get naked in the car, anyway. I think you should do it. You can have all the time to think about it while you’re walking around the food court,” Liz encouraged.

“No, we make the whole plan now and once I start my walk, there’s no backing out,” Becky insisted.

“OK, then here’s the plan. You walk around the food court, come back here for your sit and spread, make eye contact, just like you wanted. Then you get up, we’ll walk the length of the mall to the door we came in and go behind the mall. I’ll pick out a spot and you’ll give me your skirt and top, which I’ll carry to the car. Then, I’ll drive around the back, pick you up, and we’ll head to the drive-through,” Liz said. She grinned at the plan she had made.

“Oh my gawd. That’s a lot! Ok, I think I can do it. Just give me a minute to get psyched for it. Oh my gawd! I can’t believe I’m doing this,” Becky said. It was obvious by the blush on her face that she was truly embarrassed by what she was about to do.

“I have an idea. Think about it while you walk around the food court. When you complete your first loop you can decide if you’re ready. If you’re not, come sit and we’ll talk about it. If you are ready after your first loop, just walk around again and then follow the plan all the way through the drive-through,” Liz said.

“Damn! I know I said I wanted you to encourage me but who knew you’d be so good at it!” Becky said.

“Get walking, girl!” Liz answered.

Becky stood up and walked to the outer edge of the food court. It was set up as a big circle with tables in the center and food vendors along the outside wall. It would take a couple minutes for her to walk around the whole circle. She knew she would attract attention in her revealing outfit but she wasn’t prepared for the amount of attention she was getting. She felt that every eye in the place was on her. In reality, that wasn’t far from the truth. She looked over and saw Liz photographing her walk.

She began shaking as she neared completion of her first circle around the court. She focused on the end point, the point of no return. She didn’t know what to do. She knew she was going to be very exposed very soon if she kept walking but it wasn’t going to be any easier with more time to think about it. As she approached the aisle leading back to her table she took a deep breath and kept walking. She was committed. Just as she passed the point of no return she heard Liz yell out, “Alright, Bex! You go, girl!” Becky looked over to see Liz taking her picture.

Becky finished the agonizing walk. She pretty much ignored the reaction of the audience as she was only able to think about the next step in the plan. All too soon, she was done with her walk and approaching the chair. Liz had pulled the chair out from under the table. She had also placed her purse on it, ensuring that Becky would have to sit on the very edge of the chair. Camera flashes were going off and Becky realized there were too many to all be coming from the camera Liz was using.

Becky blocked everything out of her mind as she sat on the edge of the chair. She forced herself to spread her legs wide apart as she sat. It was several long seconds before she could make herself look anywhere but the floor. In that time she heard some gasps, some laughter, and a young woman’s voice say, “Oh my gawd!” Becky forced herself to look up at the audience. Making eye contact was easy since every single person nearby was staring at her. She focused in on a boy, hoping he was old enough to be looking at the view she was presenting. She held his eyes with hers for several seconds, capturing the feeling of total humiliation to fuel her masturbation fantasies. Liz was frantically working the camera, capturing Becky’s obscene display and the reactions of the on-lookers. Blushing, Becky stood up. Without a word she started walking out of the food court. Liz hurriedly grabbed her purse and caught up to her. A group of on-lookers actually applauded her on the way out.

“Bex, that was awesome! How do you feel?” Liz said. She was extremely excited. “That was so great! There must have been 50 people that saw that! And I can’t believe how far you spread your legs!”

“Oh my gawd, oh my gawd, oh my gawd,” Becky said. She was feeling physical effects from the humiliation. Her heart was racing and she could feel the blood pounding in her temples with every beat. She felt a huge knot in her stomach and couldn’t stay still. Her adrenaline was flowing and she was in no condition to talk coherently about what she experienced. She walked quickly, faster than Liz had allowed her to walk on the way into the mall. Liz didn’t try to stop her or slow her down. After the spectacular view she had just given the entire food court, her walk was anti-climactic. Besides, with her fast pace, Becky’s skirt was swinging, revealing a good bit of her bare ass with each step.

They were almost to the mall door when Liz finally stopped Becky for some pictures. She laughed when she realized that several people stopped at the same time. Liz pointed the camera at the crowd and took a few shots. Later, when they looked at the pictures, they would see a dozen people holding cell phones up, also talking Becky’s picture.

“So, are you OK?” Liz asked.

Becky nodded. The physical effects had mostly worn off and a new physical effect was emerging. She was horny. Very horny. Her nipples were erect and rock hard and her pussy was very wet. The girls resumed walking towards the exit.

“So, did that do it for you?” Liz asked with a grin.

“Oh man! I don’t know how to explain it. What a rush! I felt so exposed!” Becky said.

“Um, yeah, well, you felt so exposed because you were so exposed. You just showed 50 people the true gynecologist view!” Liz laughed.

“Yeah, I guess everyone in the food court thinks I’m a big slut, now,” Becky said with a laugh.

“Bex, after that show, even I think you’re a big slut. Are we still doing the rest?”

“You mean are we walking out behind the mall? Yeah, we are,” Becky said.

“Cool! I wasn’t sure because the whole food court thing, well, it didn’t look like it was fun for you,” Liz said.

“I don’t think I’d say it was fun for me. The too short skirt and the walk through the mall was fun. Walking around that food court, knowing what I was about to do, and then doing it, wasn’t fun at all. It was nerve-wracking and humiliating. But, I got the biggest emotional jolt I’ve ever experienced. And it’s starting to build again. I’m dressed like a cheap slut and people are staring at me and all I can think about is that in a few minutes I’m probably going to be totally naked in a parking lot,” Becky explained.

The girls were near the exit and walked outside without speaking. Becky was lost in her thoughts about what she had just done and what she was about to do. Liz was thinking about how hot it would be to have Becky totally naked in public. They made the short walk to the back of the mall.

There was a small service road behind the mall. Each store had a door to the back area and there were loading doors and dumpsters all along the wall. There was a grass clearing and a small stand of trees on the other side of the service road. Beyond the trees they could see the highway. They could see the cars passing by on the highway but there was no traffic on the service road. It looked deserted but anyone could come out of the store doors at any time. Trucks could come to deliver merchandise or empty the dumpsters at any time. It looked secluded but there was a real chance that Becky would be seen. They walked about 25 feet past the side of the mall and Liz stopped.

“This looks like a good spot right here,” she said.

“Liz! We’re too close to the parking lot. People will see me here!” Becky said. She was protesting but she had stopped walking.

“Bex, nobody can see you from the mall parking lot. Yes, people might see you back here, but isn’t that the point? Why bother getting naked if you’re sure nobody will see you?” Liz said.

“Can’t we go down a few more doors?” Becky asked. She was now very nervous about this. She didn’t realize the back of the mall would be so open.

“Sure. After you give me your clothes you can go down there,” Liz answered.

Becky did not want to strip this close to the side of the mall. She imagined she had no choice, just like the girl in the story they were imitating. She immediately felt her arousal increase as she thought about not having a choice. She began stripping. She heard the camera and her friend Liz laugh at her.

“I like it when you’re obedient, Bex. And I like it even more when you’re naked and obedient,” Liz laughed, taking the skirt and top from the now naked Becky.

Hearing Liz laugh at her and her comments about being obedient added a surprising amount of sexual energy to the situation. Becky meekly looked at the ground, not knowing what to say.
“I’ll be back in a little bit. Don’t go away, OK?” Liz said with a laugh as she headed for the car with Becky’s clothes.


Becky's Adventure Part 4

Becky felt her emotions rise as Liz walked away. She couldn’t identify all the things she was feeling. There was embarrassment, fear, vulnerability, excitement, shame, arousal, and other feelings she couldn’t identify, all combining into an emotional stew that had her quivering. All of these feelings intensified when Liz was out of sight. She looked around frantically and paid attention to every little sound. She wondered if the cars passing on the highway could see her. She tried to calm herself and tell herself that everything would be OK. The reality of being alone, naked, in public, slammed into her and she realized that everything might not be OK. The risk of doing this suddenly seemed enormous. Time passed slowly as she waited for Liz to return with the car. It seemed like each minute took an hour to pass.

Liz was grinning as she walked back to the car with Becky’s clothes. She, too, was horny. She knew just seeing her pretty friend nude would be enough to arouse her. She would never get tired of looking at Becky nude. What she hadn’t known, though, was how intense the feeling of power would be. Becky was alone, in public, wearing only her shoes. Liz looked down at the Becky’s clothes in her hands. Becky absolutely needed her right now. Along with Becky’s clothes, Liz held in her hand the power to make this the worst day imaginable for Becky. She wouldn’t really do that to her friend, but the feeling of knowing she could was intoxicating. She had planned to put Becky’s clothes in the car and drive straight back to pick her up. Along the way, she decided she needed another taste of the power she was feeling. She opened the trunk and tossed Becky’s clothes in. She moved the car to a parking spot on the side of the mall, near the back. She thought about Becky anxiously waiting for her to drive around the back as she got out and locked the car. She grabbed her camera and headed around the back of the mall on foot.

Becky was a nervous wreck as she waited for Liz. Liz zoomed her camera and perfectly captured the expression on Becky’s face, a mixture of fear, panic and frustration.

“Liz! What’s wrong? Where’s the car? Where are my clothes? We have to get out of here! I think the cars on the highway can see me!” Beck said.

“Calm down, sweetie. There’s nothing wrong. The car is in the parking lot and your clothes are safely locked inside,” Liz answered.

“What’s going on? Why didn’t you pick me up?” Becky asked in fear.

“Well, it occurred to me that you’re in a bit of a jam here and really need my help. You’re 10 miles from home, you’re totally naked, you’re in a very public place, and you have no car keys, no money, no nothing. I think you really, really, really need my help, don’t you?” Liz asked.

“Yes! I need your help! I need you to help me now. I think everyone on the highway can see me and someone’s bound to come back here soon. Can you please just get the car so we can go? Please? I’m begging you!” Becky pleaded.

“Begging is good but I think you’d have to do just about anything I say right about now. I mean, what choice do you have? I could make you do anything I want and you’d have to do it. Otherwise, you’d have to find some way to get home and 10 miles is a long walk, especially in high heels and even longer in nothing but high heels,” Liz said with a laugh.

“You can’t leave me here! I’ll do what you want. Just tell me what it is!” Becky said. She felt a wave of arousal wash over her, nearly causing her knees to buckle. Liz was blackmailing her and she was in an extremely vulnerable position. She had spent countless hours masturbating about being in this very position.

“I don’t know. I don’t really want anything but it seems like a shame to waste the opportunity, don’t you think?” Liz said. It was true. She hadn’t thought enough about this to have any demands for Becky. “Any suggestions?”

“Anything you want! I’ll sleep with you!” Becky said, desperate for her clothes.

Liz laughed. “So, you’re offering sex to get out of the worst jam you’ve ever been in? You know what? I think you want to have sex with me, anyway. I can see how horny you are.”

“You’re right, I want it. We can go home right now and do it,” Becky pleaded. In truth, she did want it. Liz had been after her for a year to do some experimentation and she had thought about it. Now, feeling as horny as she had ever been in her life, she was ready to try her first girl on girl encounter.

“Oh, there’s no rush. It’s Friday night and it’s just starting to get dark out. I think we need to finish your basics before we go home, anyway. No, I think we need some little demonstration that you’re basically screwed unless you do whatever I tell you,” Liz said. She was enjoying watching her friend squirm.

Just then the lights along the back of the mall came on. Becky screamed, thinking she had been caught. It took the girls a few seconds to figure out the lights were on a timer and sunset was just minutes away. Even after figuring it out, Becky’s heart was racing.
“Oh gawd, Liz, please! I need my clothes. Just name it and I’ll do it,” Becky pleaded.

“I know! Why don’t you dance for me? That will be fun!” Liz laughed.

“What? Dance for you? Here? Now?” Becky was not sure she understood.

“Yep, dance for me. Just make believe there’s music playing and dance. Dance for 5 minutes and you can get in the car for our trip to the drive-through,” Liz said with a grin.

“You can’t be serious! You want me to dance here, naked, by myself, with no music or anything, for 5 minutes?” Becky asked. She wondered if her friend had any idea how humiliating that would be for her.

“Oh, I’m serious. I wouldn’t wait too long to get started. Eventually somebody’s gonna come back here and even if you have an audience you’re still gonna dance for 5 minutes before you get in the car,” Liz said. She was really getting off on the feeling of total power she had over Becky.

Reluctantly, Becky started dancing. Liz started taking pictures.

“Oh gawd, Liz, don’t take pictures of this. This is so embarrassing!” Becky said.

“Yeah, I’ll bet it is embarrassing. You look like a total bimbo, you know. Still, it’s the only way you’re getting your clothes back, so put some feeling into it,” Liz said with a laugh as she took picture after picture.

Becky felt stupid dancing by herself while her friend photographed her and it was the longest 5 minutes of her life. She was incredibly horny and she knew Liz could see it. She really hated this humiliation but her hard nipples and very wet crotch would make it impossible to convince Liz she didn’t love it. Becky knew right away that she’d be thinking about doing this naked dance for her friend the next time she masturbated. Mercifully, Liz stopped taking pictures.

“Ok, Bex, you’ve been a good sport and proved you’re willingness to do whatever I say to get your clothes back. Wait here and I’ll go the car.”

Liz walked away. Becky fought the urge to masturbate even though she was terrified that someone would discover her at any minute. She saw the car just as she heard a nearby door open. She raced for the car but when she pulled the door it was locked.

“Liz, please! There’s a guy right over there!” Becky pleaded.

Liz lowered the window. “Bex, you’re gonna make a mess of your car seat. Before I let you in, do you promise to clean it tomorrow?”

“Yes! Yes! I’ll clean the whole car! Just unlock the door, please!” Becky screamed. Liz hit the button and Becky jumped into the car. She looked back at where she was standing naked just a minute ago. There was a guy smoking a cigarette and staring at the car. There was no doubt he had seen her.

“Well, that guy is gonna have a story to tell his friends,” Becky said with a laugh, much more comfortable now that she was in the relative safety of the car.

“Yeah, and I’m sure everyone will enjoy watching the video of it, too,” Liz said with a laugh.

“Video? What are you talking about?” Becky asked.

“You didn’t notice the security cameras? That’s too funny! I counted six of them. Some weird security guy is probably watching your little dance routine right now,” Liz laughed. She headed towards the mall exit.

“Oh my gawd! Why didn’t you tell me?”

“What? And ruin all the fun?” Liz laughed.

“So, can I get dressed now,” Becky asked.

“Nope. Your clothes are in the trunk and they’re staying there. We’re going to hit the drive-through for cokes and then going back to my house to talk about your new interest in having sex with me,” Liz said.

It was twilight as Liz pulled into the McDonalds drive-through. Becky hoped she wouldn’t be seen. It was dark in the car. She sat as close to the door as she could, hoping to stay out of the clerk’s view.

“We’re here. Time to switch places,” Liz said.

“Oh gawd! Can’t you drive for this?” Becky asked.

“No, how will anyone see you crouched over there by the door? Get out of the car, Bex. We both know I can make you do this so let’s just skip the threats and do it,” Liz said.\

Becky responded well to the commanding sound of her friend’s voice. She stepped out of the car and walked around to the driver’s seat. A horn started blowing immediately, letting her know she had an audience.

“OK, drive up, get us two Diet Cokes, and act like being naked in the drive-through is the most natural thing in the world,” Liz instructed.

Becky laughed. “I can do the naked part but I don’t know how I’m going to act like this is natural.”

“Well, maybe after you’ve done it a couple hundred times it will be more natural,” Liz answered.

The clerk took Becky’s order at the speaker and instructed her to pay at the first window. He was surprised by her nudity when he took her money. Strangely, he didn’t say anything about it to the girls. He obviously mentioned something inside, though, because there were 5 people crowded around the second window when she pulled up.

“Woo hoo! We haven’t had a naked customer for weeks! You go girl,” the clerk said, handing over the cokes. Becky just laughed, not sure what to say.

“So, are you on a dare or do you just like showing off?” the counter girl asked.

“I, um, I’m an exhibitionist,” Becky answered, triggering a howl of laughter from Liz.

“Cool. If you want to show off, next time you come, order a naked Big Mac. Naked is restaurant slang for plain, but we’ll know it’s more than the burger that’s naked. Anyway, it will take a while to make so you’d have to pull the car up by the entrance. Everyone coming and going will see you. If I’m working, I’ll make sure it takes about 15 minutes to cook your burger,” she said with a smile.

Becky thanked her for the cokes and advice and pulled out.

“See, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Liz asked.

“Actually, it was kind of fun,” Becky said, surprised that she hadn’t been more embarrassed about it.

“Well, maybe you can have a naked Big Mac for lunch tomorrow. Why are we stopping?” Liz asked.

“Well, I’ve finished all the basic stuff so I thought I’d get dressed,” Becky said.

“Um, no, not yet. We’re both enjoying you with no clothes on, so just drive back to my house. We’ll just leave your clothes in the trunk,” Liz said.

“Leave my clothes in the trunk? For how long?”

“Till tomorrow, sweetie. My parents are out for the night. Just call your mom and tell her you’re sleeping over. I love the thought of you being naked all night!” Liz answered.

“Ok, but what about in the morning? Your parents will be home and my clothes will still be in the car,” Becky said.

“Yeah, that’s true. Sounds like another exhibitionist opportunity,” Liz asked.

“What? You want your parents to see me naked?” Becky asked, incredulously.

“Bex, my dad will be up at dawn to go play golf and my mom will find this whole thing hysterical,” Liz said.

“I don’t want your mom seeing me naked!” Becky said. “You have to promise me you’ll get my clothes from the car in the morning.”

“Ok, I promise I’ll get your clothes in the morning. Just so you know, my mom is really cool. It won’t be the end of the world if she catches you naked,” Liz said.

“Ok, I’m good with leaving my clothes in the car. I can always put something of yours on if I need it, right?” Becky said.

“I told you, I promise to get your clothes in the morning. Given how horny you are, I doubt you’re gonna need them tonight,” Liz answered.

Becky pulled the car into the driveway at Liz’ parent’s house.

“Better give me the keys since your purse is in the trunk, too. I know you don’t have pockets,” Liz laughed. 

Becky handed over the keys. It was dark out but it was still a rush for Becky to get out of the car naked and walk to the front door. She half-expected Liz to take forever to open the door, but Liz unlocked the door and let them in immediately and closed the door behind them.
Just inside the door Liz stopped. She put her arms around Becky and gave her a deep kiss. Becky returned the kiss passionately. After a minute or so, they broke apart.

“I’ve never done this before,” Becky said hesitantly.

“Never done what before, Bex?” Liz asked teasingly.

“You know, another girl.”

“I’m sure we’ll figure it out,” Liz said. 

She took Becky by the hand and led her to her bedroom. Two hours later, Becky was asleep in the bed and Liz was on her computer. She had downloaded all the photographs of Becky and spent a couple hours on the website where all the erotic stories Becky loved were posted. Finally, around 1:00 AM she went back to bed. Becky was still sleeping.

