The following is a work of fiction consisting of adult concepts and 
possibly sex.
Do not read if you are not legally permitted. I dont want the police 
on my front doorstep.
You are welcome to read but please dont distribute without my 
permission.
Feel free to make any comments to the author.
Send E-Mail to dalech33@hotmail.com

The Pain of Love.

We were sitting at the kitchen table, talking over a couple of beers 
as we usually do on a Friday afternoon. She was wearing the usual sexy 
but inexpensive attire. Faded old shorts and a colourfully tight top 
that barely held her push-up bra in place. It had the strange effect 
of making her look like a schoolgirl just discovering her sexual 
powers even though she was a 27yo mother of one. 

I was just wearing the usual jeans and t-shirt that I always wore to 
college. I was older than her at 33 but I was attending adult classes 
in order to better myself. Or at least that was the lie I liked to 
tell myself. In actual fact college was a surprisingly good place to 
hide from the outside world. Which was what I spent my life doing. 

I liked Bev, liked her a lot. I was a friend of her husband and it was 
through him that I met her. She had an aura of strength surrounding 
her. You could just tell that she was the type of person who would not 
take any shit. 

Except from one person. 

Her husband Brad. 

He was the reason she dressed the way she did. Like a child trying to 
appease her stern father, she would follow him around, answering to 
his every beck and call. I could never understand that. But I liked 
her, maybe even loved her in a brother-sister sort of way. And these 
Friday afternoon chat sessions over a few beers were my favourite time 
of the week. I would have the afternoon off from classes and she would 
not have to worry about her daughter because her parents picked Nikki 
up from school and spent the afternoon with her. 

I could always tell when something was bothering Bev and today was no 
exception. She was not her usual cheerful self. But if there was one 
thing I knew about Bev it was that you could never make her tell you 
anything. You just had to be patient. So we sipped our beers and 
talked shit and I waited for her to get to the nitty gritty. And of 
course, she did.

He is seeing a prostitute you know.

I nearly spat my beer across the kitchen.

What? I said after regaining what little composure I had left.

He is seeing a prostitute. She calls herself a masseuse but I know 
what she really does. You dont work out of your own house and charge 
$200 for a back rub.

But how do you know this? The idea of Brad going to a hooker was a 
complete shock to me. Ever since I first met him women have thrown 
themselves at him. 

We all know the type. Never the most handsome looking guy around but 
they just seem to have that certain something that women find 
irresistible. It didnt surprise me that he was cheating on Bev, I 
kind of expected it. But actually paying for it when he could get it 
for free so easily? She had to be mistaken.

I went through his wallet the other day and found a clipping from a 
newspaper with her ad on it. So I rang her to see what she was 
offering. I even told her I was thinking of getting into the business 
and described myself to her. She confirmed that she was selling her 
body. She even told me that I could make a lot of money out of it.

Well okay, that all sounds pretty bad but how do you know he actually 
went? He might have just been thinking about it.

I checked his mobile phone bills. He has called her a few times. So I 
checked his pay sheet and the hours he was paid for dont match the 
hours he said he was working. And money has been going out of the 
joint bank account. Hundreds of dollars at a time.

Damn. It was all I could say. I was still in shock over the whole 
thing.

Plus he is carrying around condoms in his wallet.

Well that could be explained easily enough. Maybe he was thinking of 
taking you by surprise one day and just wanted to be prepared.

We dont use condoms Sam. Both of us hate them. Not that we have sex 
all that much any more.

That was the way Bev was. Once she got talking she would tell me just 
about anything. I actually felt honoured that she would trust me that 
much. I decided not to ask about her sex life. She would tell me if 
she wanted too. And she wanted too.

I havent had a good fuck in months. I have to practically rape him 
to get any and then I have to do all the work. Its not the most 
satisfying sex when your partner looks like he is about to fall asleep 
on you.

Now I know what you are thinking dear reader. I should offer my 
services to the poor girl. And dont get me wrong, I have thought 
about it. But I know Bev and I know that she would say no. It is one 
of the reasons I liked her so much. No matter what shit the world 
throws at her she sticks to her own sense of morals. Anyway, I would 
rather have her as a friend than an ex-lover. Friendship lasts longer. 
I decide to take the easy way out and sip some more beer.

I honestly dont know why I stick with him.

I wanted to tell her to ditch him but I knew she didnt want advice 
right now, only someone to listen to her.

I wanted to give little Nikki some swimming lessons this summer.

Nikki was her only child, her pride and joy. At just 7 she was already 
as beautiful as her mother. She was going to break a lot of hearts 
when she was older.

So why dont you?

Because he wont allow it. Not enough money apparently. Its only $10 
Sam. Ten lousy dollars to make a little girl happy. Is that too much 
to ask?

I could see the tears start to well in her eyes but she fought them 
back. Like I said, the lady was tough. I reached for my wallet but she 
shook her head. She knew that $10 was a fortune to a struggling 
student.

Its ok Bev, I have some left over. I can afford it.

You cant lie worth a damn Sam. Put it away.

She watched as I put my wallet back in my pocket, making sure that I 
didnt try to slip the ten onto the table with out her seeing. I tried 
it once before and failed. I could give the money to Brad but I know 
it would never get to her.

So how is Nikki? It was an attempt to change the subject and she was 
visibly grateful for it.

Nikki is doing really well at school. You should see what she is 
doing Sam. She is just seven and she is already writing stories. I 
think I have one here somewhere. She got up and went to her childs 
room, coming back a few minutes later with some pages clutched 
lovingly in her hands. She handed them to me and I started to read. It 
was a simple story about a little princess who rescues her beautiful 
mother from the evil King. In the end the princess sprinkles some 
fairy dust on herself and her mother and they fly out of the clutches 
of the tyrant to live happily ever after in a kingdom in the clouds. 
The correlation to her real life was obvious.

Its beautiful, I said. And it was. Even at seven Nikki had 
developed a rapport with the reader. She was going to be very good at 
this when she was older.

Yes it is, but you can see what it is really about cant you?

Yes it is fairly obvious what she is talking about. Has Brad read 
it?

I showed it to him but he just skimmed through it. I doubt he 
actually read any of it. If it isnt the sports section of the 
newspaper he usually isnt interested. I doubt he would understand it 
anyway. He is not the quickest person on the planet.

I smiled at her small dig at him. It was good to see that she could 
still exert some independence from him. But the one disturbing thing 
about the story was what it said about the writer. She had noticed 
what her father was doing to her mother and she recognised that it was 
wrong. I said as much to Beverley.

Yes I know. She actually yelled at him the other day to leave me 
alone.

Why? What was he doing to you? My protective instincts had switched 
on. I was getting ready to do the knight to the rescue bit. Its funny 
how women can have that effect on me.

It was nothing Sam, we were just arguing. Bev had a habit of 
understating things like that, but I had never seen him hit her and I 
had never seen her with bruises or cuts. I guess his abuse was more 
mental than anything.

I relaxed myself a bit but I still felt a distinct dislike towards 
him. He was supposed to be my friend but the more I got to know him 
the less I liked him. I decided to see if I could find out what she 
really thought of him.

Hes an arsehole, isnt he?

Yes. She emptied her glass and got up. You want a refill? she 
asked pointing to my glass.

I emptied it and handed it to her.

Thanks, I think I need another one.

She went to the fridge and got out another bottle of beer. As she 
filled the glasses I noticed that she was shaking slightly. She was a 
lot more upset than she was letting on. When the glasses were full she 
returned to the table and sat down. I picked up my glass and drained 
half of it in one gulp. I was going to ask The question and I needed 
something to brace myself with. I put the glass down and looked at 
her. Damn she was beautiful. The late afternoon sun was streaming in 
through the kitchen window and it seemed to lovingly caress her face. 
I swallowed and asked the question.

Why dont you leave him?

I waited for the indignation, the shouts, and the orders to leave her 
house. But that never happened. She just put her glass down and gazed 
out the window into the backyard. 

Because I love him.

She said it like a judge passing sentence on a criminal. Pure and 
simple fact. She loved him. He treated her like shit. He took her for 
granted. He treated their child like an annoyance.
And she loved him.

Does he love you?

He needs me.

He needs a maid. But does he love you?

Does it matter?

Christ Bev, of course it matters. He has always used women. I 
honestly believe that he has no respect for them.

Then why does he stay with me?

Because you pick up after him. Face it Bev, you have two children 
now.

Sam, stop. Please.

Bev you have to accept that he is just using you.

Sam I am asking you to stop.

But Bev

Enough! She slammed her glass down on the table, spilling beer as it 
sloshed over the rim.

Okay Bev. Im sorry, I overstepped my place. Do you want me to 
leave?

No, please stay. Just dont push me on this okay?

Okay. I sipped some more of my beer. I knew I had come close to 
being thrown out on my ear. I was about to speak again, to change the 
subject in my usual clumsy way when I heard a car door slam outside. 
Bevs eyes lit up and she looked more like a schoolgirl than ever. I 
heard the front door open and footsteps in the hall. She stood up and 
ran to his arms as he walked into the room. I turned to face him and 
it was obvious by the look on his face that he was not glad to see me 
there.

Sam, he nodded, acknowledging that I at least had a name.

Brad, I replied in much the same manner. He turned from me and 
kissed Bev. A very passionate kiss which had her melting into his 
arms. It would have been a very romantic picture if it werent for the 
fact that he was staring at me while he kissed her. It was a very 
disturbing thing to see. They broke and she looked into his eyes. 

I missed you. Did you have a good day at work?

Yes I did. He looked at me. Do you know what that word means Sam? 
Work I mean.

Yeah I think I read about it somewhere. He didnt approve of someone 
my age being in college and was not shy in letting me know about it.

So what have you two been talking about? Me I suppose.

I turned back to my beer to hide my blush of embarrassment. Bev 
decided the best defence was a good offence and kissed him again. 

They kissed for a bit longer then Brad mumbled something to her. I 
couldnt hear what it was but I soon figured it out when he took her 
by the hand and led her to the bedroom. She looked over her shoulder 
at me and seemed almost apologetic. 

It wasnt necessary, I understood perfectly. I have done some 
incredibly stupid things in the past simply because I loved someone 
and assumed that I on turn was loved. Not that I am saying Bev was 
stupid, far from it. But when it comes to love we take what we can 
get. And I guess that deep down, what the other person really feels 
about us doesnt matter. As long as we can believe that somewhere, 
deep down inside there is something, anything. It can be enough to 
base an entire life on.

I finished my beer and made my way out, down the hallway past the 
bedroom door and out into the late afternoon sunshine. I knew I would 
be back next Friday and Bev knew it too. We would sit down, drink our 
beers and chat. She would complain about her life and I would listen. 
Then I would complain about mine and she would be the one to listen. 
Thats the way it always has been, and probably always will be. Just 
two lost souls crying on each others shoulder. I hitched my backpack 
onto my back and walked home.

