Maeson's Assistant
A Maeson and Kimber Story
by TailWeaver
Copyright© 2017 by TailWeaver

Chapter 19

Two weeks later, late morning on a Thursday.

Tiny bells jingling as she brushed her hair, Kimber stood in front of her dresser, getting ready for her late breakfast. Already finished with her exercise for this morning, and her subsequent shower and cleanup, she felt her tummy grumble, reminding her that she was more than a little hungry.

Padding downstairs, feet bare on the carpet, enjoying one of the last weeks at home before the big move into the city, she was a bit surprised to see her father coming in the front door. Instantly glad that Maeson had told her to take a day off from her tail, due to their ‘activities’, she was saved from having to run upstairs and removing or hiding her ‘toy. Pausing on her way into the kitchen, she smiled in greeting, tilting her head, curious as to why he was home in the middle of the day.

“Oh, punkin, hey ... was a computer issue at work, so I took the rest of the day off. Besides, we won’t be seeing you as much pretty soon. I wanted to spend some more time with you. Maybe we can convince your mother to go out to dinner tonight, just the three of us.” He smiled, still a bit unsure how to behave around a pretty naked teenager, but doing his best to accept his daughter’s well reasoned lifestyle choices.

“Great papa, I was just getting something to eat after my exercise and shower ... Can always go get some more sun and swimming in if you want to hangout out back after a bit?” she said, asking his intentions as she passed him on her way into the kitchen. Her back to the room, she searched for her yogurt berry mix, reaching in a bit when she found it had slid to the back.

“Honey, um...” Albert spluttered inside his mind, seeing the mottled bruises covering his daughter’s backside.

Holding her yogurt, Kimber turned to her father, a curious, innocent look on her face as her completely shaved body, unadorned except for her small hoops through her nipples (and their attendant tiny bells) was nonchalantly displayed before him. “What’s the matter?” she asked, honestly having forgotten the details of her punishment last night.

“Your, um, bottom?” he said, carefully choosing his words. It was awkward enough that she was naked all the time now, but actually mentioning her naked condition, or body parts, still made him blush a bit.

“Oh, that...” she said, realizing that the after effects of her spanking were quite visible. “You really want to know?” she asked him, challenging a bit.

“I guess not ... um, if you are sure you are ok?” he answered, stammering a bit, not at all comfortable with the direction this conversation was suddenly taking.

“I am totally fine papa, but ... thank you for worrying about me ... it’s very sweet!”. Moving towards him, and setting her food down, she reached up and kissed his cheek before giving him a hug. Well aware that she still made him nervous, she was happy that he was learning to accept her, even giving her a nice hug in return. She was going to miss her home, she realized, though the thought of living almost full time as her brother’s possession, continued to be the central theme in her nightly fantasies, and her daytime musings.

8 weeks later, morning

Maeson finished his orgasm in to Kimber’s mouth with a throaty moan and stood for a few seconds reveling in pleasure of the after waves. He had warm water coursing down his neck and he was watching Kimber as she swallowed and proceeded to obediently clean his cock off with her mouth, her arms clasped behind her back. This was a new requirement that Maeson had imposed on his little sister, so recently becoming his ‘live in’ sex slave. Truth was, Kimber was far more than that, she was his lover and a true other half of this couple. They were both turned on by the title (as well as the way he treated her -- part his personal fuck hole, and part worship deserving sexual goddess and in general mischievous imp). As she finished nuzzling his sack, her deft tongue tickling his scrotum and looked up to him for approval he smiled down at her and asked, “What time do you want me to pick you up from school?” he asked.

School was a new development, and Kimber was about one month into her new private school. It had taken some hoop jumping to get her in that late in the summer, but thankfully Kimber had always been a great student so she reflected a student that Nickerson would have wanted. So as long as the money was there, which it was, it mostly involved a fair amount of leg work on their part. Now Kimber spent the week with him, weekend with their folks (with Maeson sometimes visiting as well), leaving them both free to indulge their new lifestyle in full during the week, as well as any stolen moments at their parental home.

In the month that they had lived in the large loft apartment built into a recently renovated old brick mill, Kimber and he had explored each other’s bodies completely ... As Kimber stood up and turned around to rinse, finished with her service, Maeson pressed her against the shower wall with his body so his semi hard cock pressed into her slick wet rear, “After which,” he growled as he buried his face in her neck and nipped her ear, “I’m going to truss you up on the horse, once I get you home.” He told her, “Because I think it’s about time I remove your tail and take that little ass of yours again...”
