
                


Nerve Endings - 9
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

We meet Jennifer at the pool. (ff-teens, ped, voy)

***

We watched the little girls play in the pool, as I told 
Angie about my days at the park, when I was younger, 
and played naked on the swings. She thought that was 
really cool and was rubbing her breasts as I talked. It 
turned her on to hear about me being naked anytime. 

I turned over on my stomach and loosened the towel so 
it hung over my butt and down off both sides of the 
chaise. If I were to spread my legs anyone in front of 
the lounger could see clear up my cunt! Then I undid my 
top and shrugged it off on the deck. I felt the warm 
webbing on my nipples, as the sun caressed my bare 
back.

Angie rubbed some lotion on my back and it felt great! 
I love her velvet touch! I raised up on my elbows and as 
I did my nipples got stuck between the bands of webbing 
on the chaise. Nobody could see but I could feel the 
squeezing sensation, and when I rose higher the webbing 
tightened and pulled my nipples down. 

I groaned, as the intense pinching sent waves of 
pleasure into my cunt! Angie looked over and saw what I 
was doing, and immediately ran her tongue over her 
lips, as she stared at my elongated pink nipples.

She reached over and slid her hand under my lounger and 
ran her fingernails over my nipple ends, which were 
protruding through the webbing. I gasped and pulled 
myself higher, so the tension increased, as an orgasm 
ran through my body.

"Scratch my nipples, Angie!" I whispered, as I ground 
my hips down on the chaise to rub my swelling cunt lips 
apart on the warm webbing. She dug her fingernails in 
hard as I panted softly,"unh, unh, unh, oh God, scratch 
harder!" Orgasms raced through me as she raked my 
nipples, and I ground my hips furiously into the 
lounger. Just then my clit sank through a gap in the 
webbing, and as I gyrated it too became lodged and 
tugged down as I raised up and down.

I looked down my body on the side and could see my 
naked side clear down to my legs as the towel billowed 
up and down! I was naked with the towel just lying over 
my naked rear end and the sliding fabric drove me 
wilder as I humped the chaise! Soon the lounger was 
shaking back and forth as I came over and over and bit 
my lip to keep from screaming in ecstasy. I looked up 
and saw the guard ogling my naked back as she wiggled 
on her tower seat in time to my gyrations. Her mouth 
was hanging open and she was panting softly as she 
worked herself into an orgasm too.

Angie whispered, "Jan, the Scouts are in a circle 
sitting facing away from you. Fuck that chaise, harder! 
They can't see you just now, so hump harder so your 
towel will fall off!"

I rose up higher and shoved my cunt deep into the 
chaise. Then jerked my hips up hard until it felt like 
my clit would rip off. The towel slipped off and fell 
on the deck. The guard gasped, as she watched my 
muscles clench and release in my legs and butt as I 
continued, until I was sweating fiercely and my back 
was glistening, as rivers of moisture ran off me.

"Fuck harder!" Angie whispered urgently, "Fuck and cum, 
fuck and cum! Do it now! Your nipples are stretching 
and your clit is on fire, fuck, honey, now cum!" 

Then I jerked as an extreme orgasm hit me again and 
again. I froze and waited as the shock waves rolled 
through me, and sweat poured off my face and dripped 
off my nipples on the deck under the chaise. I groaned 
at each one, and panted in between.

Finally I sank back down on the chaise. Angie leapt up 
and covered my butt with the towel, just as the Scouts 
got up and dove into the water. I couldn't believe I 
had masturbated out in the open, naked, with a group of 
Girl Scouts not sixty feet away. And in front of the 
lifeguard, yet.

I pulled my top back on and turned over. The guard gave 
me the thumbs up as she watched the kids cavorting in 
the pool. I tied the towel around my waist and went 
over and sat on the side of the pool, so I could see 
the little girls better. Angie joined me and we giggled 
at their antics. They were so cute. I told Angie I 
would like to take one home with us and she agreed that 
it would be fun. One little towhead kept glancing over 
at us once in a while. She finally swam over by us and 
leaned on the pool side.

"Hi, my name is Jennifer, What's yours?"

"I'm Jan, and this is my very good buddy Angie."

"I'm pleased to meet you. You are both very pretty!"

"Why, thank you Jennie, is that okay to call you 
Jennie?"

"Sure, all my friends do."

"Would you like to come, sit by us, over there by the 
lifeguard?"

"Sure, I need to dry off, I'm getting sort of cold, 
anyway."

I gave her my hand and pulled her up out of the pool. 
She walked over with us and sat down cross-legged 
between our chaises, as I dried her hair with Angie's 
towel. She had short blond hair and looked a lot like I 
did at age ten, perky little nipples with small cute 
breasts, and a cute little cunt which was plainly 
visible through her wet suit. 

As she sat I noticed her loose one piece suit bagged 
out on her legs and I saw clearly her cute little naked 
hairless cunt! Angie noticed my ogling and winked, as 
she too scoped out the little girls private parts.

All this time Jennifer was apparently doing a little 
scoping of her own. I caught her looking up under my 
top at my breasts, and under my towel. I spread my legs 
a little so she could see my puffy lips and she 
blushed, but kept staring. I was getting turned on by 
her looking as I rubbed her hair. I pulled her head 
closer, and opened my legs more, and I saw a bead of 
sweat form on her upper lip.

Finally, I had her stand up and dried her little body. 
She was only about four feet tall so I didn't have to 
stand up to reach all over her sweet little curves. As 
I leaned over to dry her back her head was forced into 
my chest and my top fell open. She stared down at my 
round breasts and swollen pink nipples and I felt a 
little tremor run through her, as I dried her buns and 
back. Now she had seen it all and apparently she like 
what she saw, because she blushed a bright red.

The guard threw Angie another towel and we both went to 
work on her. She leaned into me and whispered, "Can I 
take this wet suit off? It's giving my little titties 
goose bumps."

I gasped as I stared into her cute little brown eyes, 
and smiled as I said, "Sure, if you want." We wrapped 
the big towel around her and she slid her suit off 
under it. I rubbed her wet body where her suit had 
been, and she panted softly when I rubbed her little 
nipples and bare little cunt and buns with the fluffy 
towel. Angie wrung her suit out and hung it on the 
guard tower and Jennifer laid down on the warm deck 
between us to warm up.

The Scout mother came over and said hi and asked Jennie 
if she was alright. She nodded and said," I'm just 
warming up." 

"Well, we're leaving pretty soon so hurry along."

"Can't I stay with my two friends? They could walk me 
home later, couldn't they?"

"I don't know. Where do you two live?"

"We're only about five blocks from her, due north."

"That's awfully close to Jennifer's new house, I think. 
What's your address?"

I told her and she recognized the number and said she 
knew my mom. She also said that Jennie was our new 
neighbor whom we had never met. I looked at Angie and 
she grinned as she read my mind. How lucky could we 
get. The little girl stared at me and said,"I didn't 
know you were the girls next to us."

She got all excited as she told us she had watched us 
in the house one day last week. Angie looked at me in 
alarm as I signaled with my eyes to cool it. If this 
little dickens had seen us naked she never let on, and 
we heaved a collective sigh of relief. Finally the lady 
agreed we could walk her home and left.

It was noon when the guard climbed down and came over.

"I have to go to lunch now. Since nobody is here I'll 
just leave the gate closed and you can lock it when you 
leave. Just be careful if you go in the pool before I 
get back. And by the way, I loved the show! Come back 
soon, okay?" She grinned as she sauntered away swinging 
her luscious hips provocatively.

Jennie said,"What show?"

"Never mind, Jennie, now just what have you been doing 
spying on Angie and me?"

She lowered her head and pouted as she whimpered, "I 
wasn't spying. I was just looking out my upstairs 
window into your bedroom and accidentally saw you in 
bed."

I hugged her to me and kissed her head.

"Did you like what you saw, Jennie?"

She nodded and looked up at me. "Mom let's me go naked 
sometimes, so it's no big deal, is it?"

I realized then that she had seen us getting ready for 
school and probably not making love. I said it wasn't a 
big deal as long as she never told anyone what she saw 
besides Angie and me. She grinned and said, "Great, 
then you're not mad?" I laughed and hugged her as I 
told her no, I wasn't mad. Angie hugged her too and she 
grinned even bigger with cute little dimples.

"Can I take my towel off? It's kind of wet."

I loosened the towel and it dropped off her cute little 
body, and I gasped when I saw her fully naked standing 
in front of us. Her white skin was perfect. Her slim 
little shoulders gave way to little mounds with 
cherries sticking out. Her flat little tummy had a cute 
little inner belly button and her bare little cunt was 
awesome! Angie's eyes were all over her as she panted 
softly.

"Lie down on the deck for a few minutes to dry off and 
then we'll go," I told her. She stretched out on her 
tummy with her head on her arms and sighed as the warm 
deck soothed her cool little body. We stared at the 
round swells of her bottom and I panted as I looked at 
Angie and licked my lips. Angie slid her tongue out and 
made licking motions with it until I giggled.

We rested for a while then got up and pulled Jennie to 
her feet and Angie got her suit and brought it over. 
Jennie asked if she could just wear the towel and I 
gasped to think she would be nearly naked walking with 
us home. 

I removed my towel, after pulling my sarong on under 
it, and draped it over Jennie. She stared at my sarong 
and licked her lips hungrily. She hugged me and pushed 
her body against my cunt. I gasped and shuddered as the 
heat went through the sarong. This was definitely a hot 
little girl!

We left with Jennie's holding both our hands. She 
babbled constantly the whole way home. Angie and I 
giggled with her and she was delightful. She told us 
about her divorced mom and little brother Carl, who is 
eight. I looked at Angie and she grinned back and made 
a little circle with her hand and jerked it up and down 
in the air behind Jennie's line of sight. 

I giggled and Jennie looked up to see what was funny. I 
smiled and said that Angie and I had a lot of private 
jokes between just us, and we were not laughing at her. 
She nodded and we turned into her driveway. She skipped 
up to the door and threw it open as her mom swept her 
up in her arms and smiled at us.

"Don't tell me this little pest has been bothering you 
guys?"

"No, not at all. She is very charming and sooo cute. We 
met her at the pool and we wanted to walk her home and 
meet her mom, too."

Suddenly I realized I had on very smutty clothes and I 
blushed as I tried to cover my cunt. She looked down 
and grinned.

"Don't be embarrassed. I used to do wild stuff when I 
was young too. You are really very pretty, up, and 
down."

I let my hands fall away as I looked into her eyes, and 
I saw a flicker of lust flash just momentarily before 
she regained her composure.

"Well, we better go. We are playing 'master and slave' 
today and Angie is going to get hers this afternoon."

She laughed and said she remembered doing that, and it 
was always embarrassing and loads of fun. We waved 
goodbye and ran over to my house and roared up the 
stairs and fell on the bed. Angie rolled over on top of 
me and kissed me hard as I grinned in her mouth. She 
pulled up and kissed me again as I glanced over to the 
side window. 

Sure enough the neighbor window was up above mine 
slightly so the little girl could see everything in my 
room. Angie followed my gaze and gasped as she saw the 
curtain open and the little girl waved down at us. I 
waved back as Angie slid off me and waved too.

Then she disappeared and we stared at each other trying 
to figure out what this would mean in the future. Could 
we still fuck like rabbits or would we have to close 
the drapes every time we did? 

"She's already seen my tits and cunt, Angie, so a 
little sex won't probably shock her."

"I guess not. It's actually neat. We can show off for 
her. Doesn't that make you hot?"

I grabbed her and crushed her nipples against mine, and 
buried my lips in her mouth, as I dry fucked her itsy 
bitty polka dot bikini. She slammed her little cunt 
against mine and wiggled as she shot that long tongue 
down my throat! She fucked me faster and faster until 
we came, and groaned, and shuddered, and jerked.

When we got up my sarong was soaked as was her bikini 
bottom. We walked into the shower and stood under the 
warm water and let it wash over us as we got off again.

"Now, it's get even time." I said as Angie stood before 
me with her long little nipples sticking out at me.


