Nikki
by Msia Exhibitionist

The sexual adventure of the young Nikki.

Nikki Ch. 01

"Wait for Uncle Steve. He will be there in 30 minutes. Take good care and wear a mask."

On the eve of the nationwide lockdown I told my mom I couldn't get an air ticket to go back home. But the truth was I ran out of money after losing my part time job earlier. The Chinese New Year tourists did not come as usual when the outbreak spread throughout China. My mom arranged for me to temporarily stay in her old friend's home.

I never knew Uncle Steve but mom said he was her old friend during secondary school time.

After waiting some time at the campus entrance, a luxury SUV stopped nearby and a man exited it and approached me. A tall and fit man in a grey T-shirt and blue jeans stopped in front of me.

"Are you Nikki? I am Steve." A few grey hairs but otherwise a handsome man spoke to me.

"Yes, I am. Thanks for coming Uncle Steve."

"Great! Let's go. Give me your luggage." He grabbed my luggage and loaded it onto his SUV. I followed him. Finally, I had some relief. The university and hostel was closed. I would have no place to stay if it were not for Uncle Steve.

He brought me to a hypermarket so I could buy some necessities. He bought a trolley load of food stuffs too.

"Nikki, don't worry. Put it all on one bill." He insisted and paid for my stuff at the checkout.

"Thank you very much Uncle Steve!"

We reached home just before midnight, the official lockdown time. His house was a big bungalow within a big compound located in a gated and guarded residential area. He must be a wealthy man! Mom didn't tell me anything about him. I doubted mom knew much about Uncle Steve.

Uncle Steve got me settled in one of the rooms.

"Make yourself at home, really. We don't know when this is going to end. And let me know if there is anything you need, anything, anything at all. This room is a bit small but better equipped than other rooms. Is that all right Nikki?"

"It's nice. I have never stayed in such a big room before! Uncle Steve, thank you very much!"

"You are welcome. And from now on, you don't need to keep repeating thank you. I am glad that I could be of help. Your mom and I are good old friends. So..."

"Ok, Uncle Steve, good night." "Good night Nikki."

The 'small room' was quite big and well equipped. The bed was warm and comfortable. This was my first time staying in such a big room all to myself! I have been sharing a room with mom since I was young.

"Help out in Uncle Steve's house. Don't be a princess and do nothing ya." Mom messaged me.

"Ok mom, nite".

So, I started my stay in Uncle Steve's home.

The next morning I woke up late and Uncle Steve had left for work. He sent me a message that explained that he still has to work as he was in the essential industry that was allowed to operate.

I looked around the big house and realized that it was bigger than I had earlier thought! There was a guest room, dining hall, bar, entertainment room, office, big kitchen, gym room inside the house. A nice terrace, garden, and swimming pool were outside the house. There was a few photos of Uncle Steve with a woman but I was alone in the house. I wanted to help but the house was tidy and clean.

Uncle Steve came home early and we had nice dinner and a good chat. He was a warm and reassuring person, knowledgeable and confident. I found out more about him; there was no children and his wife passed away a year ago. He lived alone and was not attached. At the moment, he wanted to focus on work and career and had no time for a relationship.

Two weeks later the situation worsened and the lockdown was extended. I got back to my studies via online lectures. At home, I became the housekeeper. Uncle Steve bought me a new laptop, let me use his second car and gave me a credit card for household purchases. I became his unofficial chambermaid!

Uncle Steve had regular gym and workout routine. He convinced me to start my own workout program and he became my personal trainer. I began to notice his tall and fit body, not very muscular but well-toned. Every time he came near me I became lightheaded and my heart beat fast. He has that charisma of a man and I began to look forward for his return home every day.

One night he knocked on my door and informed me he had to go back to the factory to manage a production breakdown. At about 4am I woke up and checked if Uncle Steve has come home. After I found out his room was empty and his car was not at the car porch, I walked back to my bedroom to continue my sleep. When I walked passed his office, I noticed the air-conditioner and lights were still on. Uncle Steve must have forgotten to shut them down when he rushed to factory. So I entered the office to shut them down. Soon as I approached his desk, I noticed the laptop was stuck at the shutdown screen as one program was still running. I cancelled the shutdown and I saw that the browser was still active. Before I closed the browser, something attracted my attention.

The browser was logged on to a communities sharing and discussion platform, showing his Inbox.

"M4F Daddy Looking For Good Little Girl"

The sleazy tittle of the message intrigued me to read on although I knew it was wrong. Apparently it was a kind of fantasy roleplay. A girl claimed to be 18 years old had written him a response saying she would be his sugar baby. She gave many illicit details about herself; height, weight, body measurements, body shape, cup size, her sexual preferences, her limits in sexual roleplay etc. Uncle Steve then promised to provide for her; house, car, clothing, money, etc. in return.

But it was Uncle Steve's next reply that shocked me. He asked more details about her; whether she liked big cock, whether she liked to be a used as a sex toy, whether she liked more men to gangbang her and many other perverted sexual ideas. He also asked specific details about her body; what her nipples looked like and shape of her vagina and anus.

"I want to know exactly what am I seeing when I bend you over my dining table and rip off you dress and panty," he wrote.

"Daddy, my pussy is puffy and tight." "Good, Daddy like it."

Oh my God, she called Uncle Steve "Daddy"!

My racing heart almost jumped out of my throat from reading Uncle Steve's illicit sleazy dirty message exchange with the girl! I quickly clicked shutdown so that the laptop would go back to its original situation and I rushed back to my bedroom. I had violated Uncle Steve's privacy and read his private messages with another girl. Most importantly, realized I was living with a perverted man!

I was bewildered and shocked!

This is not the Uncle Steve that I knew. He has been respectful and polite to me in the past few weeks. There was not one moment when I was around him that he behaved like a pervert. But the man in the message was someone else; dominating, demanding, dirty, perverted and looking for a 'young little fuck toy'! The shock kept me awake for the rest of the morning.

"Big issue here. I won't be back till evening. Take care." He messaged me.

After my breakfast alone, I came to the realization that every person has their own inner secret and their own perversions, but each behave in a socially acceptable way in front of their family, friends and colleagues. Just like myself, secretly inside me I am an imaginary exhibitionist who loves to fantasize myself shamelessly getting naked in front of men, but in real life I am a polite and well composed young lady. After all, a widower like Uncle Steve still needs his private relief. And I shall not judge him for what he does privately with another consenting adult especially when it is just fantasy roleplay.

Uncle Steve came back in the afternoon and we had another nice dinner together and good chit chat. And yes, when it comes to being with me he was absolutely a gentleman and a good uncle! But there were 2 things that kept lingering in my mind; the "young little fuck toy" and his "10 inch big cock"! What exactly is a 'young little fuck toy' for Uncle Steve? A young chick that can be readily fucked for his pleasure? A pet for Uncle Steve, doing nothing other than being sexy and available any time around him? No job other than to satisfy all that Uncle Steve desires, whatever it may be? His 10 inch cock! If this is true, then his manhood is as tall as my face! Is it real or did he just brag about it? I looked at his wife in the photo several times, and she was about my size. How did she handle his 10 inch cock? How deep did he enter her? Did she take his 10 inches completely down her throat? Did she enjoy it or did she struggle to accommodate his big cock inside her? All these sleazy thoughts aroused me so much!

I can't get my mind off the discovery of Uncle Steve's kinky side. The worst thing was I kept imagining the scenes of his wife and Uncle Steve; his collared wife using the big dildo in front of him, his cuffed and gagged wife getting a hard fuck, his wife leaned over on his lap and get hard spanking! And my pussy was extremely wet all the time! A few days passed and I kept thinking what had happened to their roleplay, until one morning I could not resist my curiosity. I went into Uncle Steve's office and turned on his computer. Uncle Steve did not use a password so I managed to enter his laptop with ease. I launched the browser and entered the site. My heart was beating fast when I clicked the login. The username and password already filled up! Uncle Steve enabled the save password for the site!

The front page was showing all the posts about nude images, females in seductive posts, sexy clothes and many other porn materials. But I was more interested in the messages. The roleplay was still active and I read with great excitement. So Uncle Steve bought her an apartment, a car and many sexy clothes. Their first fuck was immediately after coming back from shopping. Uncle Steve fucked her in the guest room and it took her some time before she could take Uncle Steve 10 inch cock completely inside her. Then Uncle Steve brought her to a high class restaurant. She wore a sexy sheer dress that was selected by Uncle Steve. Uncle Steve ordered a blowjob and she sucked his cock in the restaurant. She didn't stop even when the waiter served their food and drinks.

I was extremely aroused by their steamy exchange and started to touch myself.

At the apartment, Uncle Steve cuffed her and spanked her until she burst into tears. Then Uncle Steve fucked her and cummed on her face. The messages stopped when Uncle Steve told her to get ready for the special night, where Uncle Steve will invite his friends over and she will be wearing just a tiny apron to serve his friends.

The idea was so arousing! My fantasy began to run wild and I imagined myself wearing a tiny apron to serve Uncle Steve and his friends. My breasts kept sneaking out from the sides of the apron while everyone watched. My back was totally bare for everyone to see. They began to touch my naked body and play with my body when I serve them snack and beer. Slowly they became bolder and started playing with my breasts, my bum and my pussy. Eventually they fucked me in front of Uncle Steve, one fucked my pussy, one fucked my ass hole and one more fucked my throat... I cum hard on Uncle Steve's chair. It was the most pleasurable orgasm I have ever experienced.

Later during my shower I asked myself did I just fantasize about me being a young little fuck toy for Uncle Steve. I let Uncle Steve's friends play with my body and fuck me freely. Isn't that a fuck toy?

Regardless, fuck toy or not, it was good! It was fucking good! I told myself.

I felt like I had committed a big crime when Uncle Steve came home. I turned on his personal laptop and read his private messages without his permission. I can't imagine what will happened if he found out. At the same time, I was very excited seeing him.

"Are you OK Nikki? Your face is red. Fever?" He quickly checked my forehead temperature.

"I am OK Uncle Steve."

"Nikki, you can stop calling uncle. Just call me Steve, I am not so old, right?"

"Just call me Steve."

"Ok Uncle Steve... sorry, Steve I mean."

"That's right. No need to be so formal."

"By the way, you look terrible today. What happened? Tell me."

"No Steve. Nothing, really."

"All right, then let me talk. I wanted to talk about this for some time already. I noticed you have been different these last few days. You are kind of apologetic and are avoiding me. I guess maybe you are not feeling easy living here. I want to talk about it."

Uncle Steve guessed wrongly but it was still a good topic for discussion.

"Steve, how to say... you have spent a lot because I am staying here and I don't know how to repay you."

"So you think that I am spending too much money because you are staying here? Like you are a burden to me?"

"Yes, everything you gave me. I don't think I deserve it."

"Don't worry Nikki, your mom told me that you have started earning money when you were young and you don't want to burden anyone. But let me say that I am thankful to you for managing this house and running errands for me. So we are even. You don't owe me anything nor are you burdensome to me."

"Steve, I must have struck a real good deal! Really you think so? That I am helping you, a lot?"

"Off course. Honestly I wanted to give up this house. I built this for my wife but she's gone. Leaving me alone to take care of this house. I wanted to sell it and move to a smaller house. I love this house but I don't need a house this big. Living alone in this house is suffering to me, I keep thinking about her even though she has passed away for more than a year!" Tears of grief welled up from the corner his eyes.

"Steve, I am sorry!"

"But with you now helping me and keeping me company, I feel that I could keep this house, at least for now. Trust me, you are really making a difference here by staying in this house and helping me. So stop thinking that you are a burden to me. You are my companion, my friend."

"Steve, I don't know what to say. This big house, the life here, is like a dream. The day you picked me at the uni, I was broke. I had no more money to buy an air ticket and I know mom had no money either. If not for you, I think I may have to stay in the empty campus." I cried.

"It's all right now. You can stay here until you finish your degree and find a job. I know it's a bit far from campus. But you can use the car. Don't worry about money any more. Just focus on your studies."

"I promise to pay you back when I start to earn money in the future."

"You don't have to, really. You help your mom if you start to earn. Your mom needs you more."

"Thank you Steve, thank you." Tears rolled down my eyes. I was so touched by Uncle Steve's generosity and care.

"Steve, can I hug you?" "Sure Nikki, come here."

His arms cradled me into his huge and fit body! I felt secure in his warm and firm chest.

"Ok Nikki. Nice talking to you. It's time to sleep. Good night."

"Good night Steve."

We went back to our own room. It took me some time to calm down. And then I could not sleep, thinking of Steve continuing his roleplay with his young little fuck toy any time soon. He will be bringing his friends to his house and let his young little fuck toy serve them.

Soon I heard Uncle Steve come out of his room and walk down stairs. After a few minutes I quietly went downstairs and found that Uncle Steve was in his office. I quietly went back to my room. I was somehow disappointed to know Uncle Steve was continuing his roleplay with that girl. I know there was no reason why Uncle Steve shouldn't, but somehow I was hopping Uncle Steve would stop writing to his young little fuck toy.

I was sleepless. How many friends will Uncle Steve bring? What type of man are they, Chinese? Indian? Malay? White? Black? Big and strong? What does the apron looks like? How tiny? Sheer? Will Uncle Steve fuck her or will he just watch his friends fuck her? Will she take all the cocks at once? I can't stop thinking about their roleplay.

And I can't stop touching my own body and I started fantasizing again;

"Daddy, is this apron tiny enough?" I wear a small apron and display myself in front of Uncle Steve for approval.

"No baby. Before that, remove your apron and put these on first." Uncle Steve hands me a set of lacy, sheer white lingerie set.

"Daddy, am I supposed to wear only the apron?"

"Yes baby. But men also enjoy the process of stripping a young little slut like you naked." My face turns full blush!

"I understand Daddy." I remove my apron right in front of Uncle Steve. My nipples became erect under his watch.

"Nice. Now try another smaller apron."

"Ok Daddy, what about this one?" I wear another much smaller apron. The front is just enough to reach my nipples and the bottom is just covering my crotch. The rest of my body is exposed.

"Turn around baby."

"Yes Daddy." I turn my bare back to Uncle Steve.

"Bend down."

"Yes Daddy."

"I want you to always keep your legs straight when you bend down. Always show your pussy when you bend down."

"Yes Daddy."

"Come here, sit." I sit on Uncle Steve's lap, his big cock pressing on my bum.

"I want you to be a good girl tonight." Uncle Steve caresses my face.

"Yes Daddy." Uncle Steve slips his hand inside my apron and plays with my breasts.

"Be a good young little fuck toy for my friends."

"Yes Daddy."

"When my friends play with your body, you say thank you and let them play."

"Yes Daddy. Thank you Daddy!"

Uncle Steve smiles and pinches my erect nipple underneath the lacy bra.

"Ouch... Daddy! Thank you Daddy."

"You serve my friends the best that you possibly can, including letting them fuck your slut holes, whichever hole and all your holes. Understand?"

"Yes Daddy, I understand. All my slut holes are ready to serve!"

"I will let you enjoy my 10 inch cock if you do well for my friends, understand my little fuck toy?"

"Yes Daddy! Thank you Daddy! Little fuck toy will do her best!"

Then the doorbell ring, Uncle Steve opens the door and 3 men come in.

"Let me introduce our toy tonight, Nikki.", "Welcome everyone!"

Three big men surround me and start to inspect me, like I am really their new toy that they can play with. My pussy gets wet and my nipples harden under their stares.

"Nice," "Where did you get this cute little fuck toy Steve?" "Her ass is so cute," one hand squeezes my buttock. "Thank you Sir." I said to the man who squeezed my ass. "Good girl. You are most welcome."

"See this little sweetie thanked me for squeezing her ass... hahahaha..." Everyone laughed at me. My face blushed and I looked to Uncle Steve for appreciation.

"Did I do well Daddy?"

"Yes baby. You did well." Uncle Steve answered in his satisfying smile.

"Thank you Daddy."

Six hands continue to explore my body, squeezing my breasts, touching my back, my tummy and my crotch. They keep praising how cute my body is in their dirty language. I keep looking to Uncle Steve, hoping he will give me the same praise, hoping he will come closer and check out my body like the others.



"Fuck! Steve, see how hard her nipples become!", "Holy shit!" The man pinching my nipples continue to untie my bra. He throws my bra away and turns me to face Uncle Steve.

"Look at these cute little nipples here, fucking hard." He pushed my apron to the center to reveal my breasts to Uncle Steve. "So fucking hard... so fucking hard." He shakes my breasts and pinches my nipples at the same time. My nipples harden into steel while I am aroused by my shameless display in front of Uncle Steve. Another man slips his hand underneath my lace panty and touches my pussy.

"Holy shit, she is so wet guys," he dips his finger into my crack. "Really, let's see." A man comes in front of me and carries me up over his shoulder. Another bends my tummy down at the shoulder displaying my bottom to everyone. "Put me down Sir. Please put me down." But he held me firmly. "Let's take a look at her wet hole." Someone without warning pulls my panty down revealing my pussy and anus. He spreads my ass cheeks apart to display more of my pussy and dips his finger into my wet slippery love hole. "Holy shit, this young little slut is so ready to be fucked!" I look back to my Uncle Steve and see him watching his friends playing with my pussy. I wonder how Uncle Steve likes his young little fuck toy performing so far......

Bang!

A loud noise shocked me from my fantasy! Did I just hear Uncle Steve's door slam closed? I was woken up from my fantasy while my fingers were still on my wet pussy. The house was quiet except the slow blowing sound of my air conditioner.

Uncle Steve was at his office for only 20 minutes. Did he continue his roleplay? But 20 minutes seemed too short for such a play. Maybe the girl did not respond? Why did Uncle Steve slam the door? Did Uncle Steve slam the door?

No matter what had happened to Uncle Steve, I was rather happy to know Uncle Steve spent only 20 minutes at his office, just 20 minutes with his roleplay partner. And I managed to 'show' Uncle Steve I can be his young little fuck toy, too.

The next day I checked on Uncle Steve's messages again. The girl was not free to engage so the roleplay ended. The following day Uncle Steve posted another prompt; "M4F Your hung Personal Trainer." Inviting roleplay in gym/workout setting. This time he was more specific about his partner; Chinese girl, 19 year old, slim but with C cup breasts. Very quickly he received a response and they started their role-playing.

Frustrated for always having to sneak into Uncle Steve's office to read his messages, I signed out and signed in again, this time I clicked the show password icon and stole Uncle Steve password. I knew it was a crime bigger than secretly reading his messages but I can't resist. I wanted to use my handphone to read Uncle Steve's roleplay as it happens.

In the evening after our dinner we each went back to our own room. As usual after a while, Uncle Steve went down to his office. My hands were shaking and breathing heavily when I opened the site which has already signed in with Uncle Steve's username. I had tested and I knew Uncle Steve would not know another device was signed in with his username. Still I was very anxious.

Soon Uncle Steve replied to a message and I was reading it as it happened!

Uncle Steve asked for more details about her body measurements and after some time the girl replied with her details. But Uncle Steve said she is not the type of girl he is looking for. She said she is willing to play the girl Uncle Steve desires and Uncle Steve replied;

"I want you to play a chinese girl, 19, slim. 165cm and 48kg."

"Yes, I am a slim chinese girl 165cm and 48kg. I am 19 now."

A 19 years old Chinese girl, 165cm and 48kg? That was my measurements too.

"Great! I love it! How big are your boobs? C cup at least?"

"Yes, I have a pair of C cups, sometimes they swell into D!"

"Is your body measurements 93-59-88cm?"

"Yes Sir that's exactly my measurements! How did you know my measurements? Amazing!" The girl played along.

But 93-59-88cm was exactly my measurement too! It was recorded when I first joined Uncle Steve in his gym for a workout session.

"Lol, I just knew you are the girl I am looking for. I love your short hair and porcelain skin tone ;)" Uncle Steve was very pleased with her responses.

"On my god! Many man love long haired girls but short haired girls are sexy! I am sure you will love my short hair, and my porcelain white skin."

Short hair and porcelain white skin! I was shocked by the descriptions of the Chinese girl! As I stood in front of the wardrobe mirror I saw the Chinese girl that Uncle Steve is looking for in his roleplay; 19, short hairs, porcelain white skin, 165cm, 48kg, 93-59-88 cm, C cup!

I removed my shirt and looked at myself again in the mirror. My undersized old worn off bra was struggling to contain my breasts. I unclipped my bra and my heavy breasts broke free into the air. A slim girl with a pair of prominent teardrop shape breasts hanging naturally on top of my thin ribcage. I removed my shorts, my puffy pussy lips are clearly outlined in my thigh gap below my little firm butt cheeks! A few months ago my girlfriends teased me that I have a pair of boobs that men love to squeeze and a body that men love to fuck. But I just brushed them off without thinking much about it. My life has never been easy, I was constantly worried about money and a job. How to dress up and how I looked hardly come to my attention.

I have a sexy body, a thin body and a pair of large boobs!

I stopped dreaming and I picked up the phone again and continued to read the messages.

"Now strip naked and let me look at you."

"Yes I am naked now."

"Nice, very nice. Beautiful boobs, slender legs, cute bum... and your nice thigh gap I love it! I want you to shave yourself clean. I want to see your clean shaved pussy lips clearly in between your thighs."

"Ok. I will shave it clean."

I stood in front of the mirror again and removed my panty. My legs were long and slender, my buttock was small and firm. And my pussy lips were clearly visible in between my thigh gap. Oh my God, Uncle Steve wanted his roleplay partner to imitate my body or he was imagining me as his roleplay partner! Thrilling sensations swept through my whole body knowing that I was Uncle Steve's sex object!

My pussy turned wet and my nipples harden recalling the few workout sessions that I had with him. Did Uncle Steve secretly watch my body all the while? But I figured that he might not have seen much because I only wore a t-shirt and ordinary shorts at the gym. I have never spent money on fancy gym wear neither did I have time for the gym. My life so far has been work, money and study, nothing else.

Reading Uncle Steve's roleplay was exciting, like reading an erotic story. Soon the girl became his fuck toy every time she came to his gym session in her sexy gym wear. One day, he led her to his bedroom and he opened his big wardrobe and pulled out a drawer full of collars and chokers. He took out a wide leather collar and put in on the girl. The girl became his sex slave!

The next day I could not resist my curiosity. I sneaked into Uncle Steve bedroom after he has gone to work. The wardrobe was huge but mostly empty. Perhaps it was previously the space for his wife. I searched every drawers but found nothing, except a key at the deep corner of the lowest drawer. My heart was beating fast as I recalled another wardrobe in another empty room. It was locked and Uncle Steve said those were his wife's stuff that he like to keep. The attic style wardrobe was built of solid wood and the full length doors looked like passageways to another world, a secret world of Uncle Steve and his wife?

The lock opened as I turned the key and I opened the doors with my heart pumping heavily. The right side was hanging with clothes. They were more like cosplay costumes; police woman, black widow, schoolgirl, woman warrior, cat woman, nun, witch, nurse, etc. The left side was hanging with all the bdsm gadgets; handcuffs, foot cuffs, cuff connector, leashes, blindfolds, whips, nipple clamps, robe, etc. The first drawer was filled with collars of different sizes, and materials, ball gag and other gadgets I did not recognize. The bottom drawers was filled with dildos and butt plugs in different sizes, shapes and materials. I could feel my heartbeat, every single pound in my chest as 2 supersized realistic dildos appeared at the end of the drawer! Images of Uncle Steve's petite wife riding on the supersized dildo flashing rapidly across my mind! I quickly shut the wardrobe and left the room.

I walked downstairs and looked at their photos again: his wife is just a small petite lady, did she enjoy the pleasure of such a big dildo or was she tortured? Who is Uncle Steve, really? What type of a man is he? Is he a dangerous wicked man? What was it like to be his wife? I had so many questions I needed the answers! I don't want to live with a pervert! I registered another username and I started following Uncle Steve's roleplay prompts. I wanted to approach him to find out what is deep inside his mind.

Did I want to find out if he is a wicked perverted man or am I simply attracted to the dark side of Uncle Steve?
