I got mails from a lady and she is very much interested in having sex
with her father in law. This
makes her feel guilty and she wrote me about it. I told her not be
guilty and no harm in imagining anything that arouses you . so here
is the imagination written for her pleasure and I hope she will
achieve this in real life. Best luck to you Minu.. read it in her
own narration.
I am Minu. It's my first time to talk to you all so forgive
me if I make mistakes. I am about 35 and married for the last 10
years. All these years my husband and me had nice sex life and he
really can satisfy me. Of late we both started reading erotic
literature on the Internet and read many stories on husband watching
his wife getting fucked by other men. To tell you the truth we both
were tremendously aroused after reading these type of stories. We
started talking about it while having sex and the effect it made on
our pleasure was very astonishing. Just thinking of getting fucked by
other men aroused me to my peak and my hubby Sunil had instant
erection just talking about this. He used to talk about any of his
friend fucking me in front of him and sometimes strangers too.
This led to some imagination of my own. Now to come to the
point I am staying with his parents, my Father in law and Mother in
law. My FIL (Father In Law) is 59 yr. of age and still very active.
He has lot of friends and is very jolly fellow, always cutting some
jokes and laughing nicely. He is medium built and look younger than
his age. Name is Ravi. He wears specs but that adds to his
personality. That was my FIL!
As I had told you I started to imagine my FIL to be the other
man who fucks me. Initially I just tried to avoid such thoughts but I
could not! Every time we have sex it was my father in law I imagined
to be fucking me. That was just imagination friends! And that made me
cum several times. I never told this to my husband Sunil but it was
my own secret. When I read some stories from Jeevan the intensity of
imagination increased. The other stories like `Debauchery of young
housewife' was far more arousing and I started to put myself in the
place of the young heroine of the story. Ohhh god! Was I pervert? How
such thoughts of getting fucked by my own FIL came in my mind?
Finally I wrote to Jeevan and he gave me proper advice. So
here I am imagining the sex thing with my FIL.
My FIL's name is Ravi and he is about 59 yr. of age. He has
medium built and wears specs. But the specks suit him and he looks
smarter. He is very jolly and laughs a lot. I could say that his sex
life was still active with his wife, though I have never seen them in
actual sexual act. But his behavior told me this. I have seen him
without a banian many times and I observed lots of hair on his back.
I have read some where that men who had hair on the back were
sexually very active and I loved this.
I decided to seduce him somehow or the other and so I started
showing him my assets making it to be accidental. Now I am plumpish
(no no...dont say fat) with a figure
36C-32-38...thats not slim but not fat too! . I have shoulder length
straight hair and like to leave it free when I am in the house. I
wear Sari / salwar kameej even in the house. To show off my body to
my FIL, I wore the sari below the naval, exposing my fleshy belly and
stomach to him. I take the pallu on my left shoulder so that he could
see the form of my 36" breasts. I had to be very careful from other
members of my family, specially my MIL. Routinely, my husband leaves
the house daily at about 10 am and my MIL by 1030 for her school (she
was a teacher ). That gave me ample time to be alone with my Fil. As
soon as these members left the house, I would adjust my saree and
take it down below my naval. I purposely did not cover the front
portion of my belly and stomach because I wanted my FIL to look at
this asset of mine. Many a times he started at my exposed stomach as
I did some household chores but moved his eyes away fast. He must be
feeling some guilt too! Then I started to give him glimpses of the
curves of my breasts by bending down in front of him and letting my
pallo fall from my shoulders. Ohhh that would fix him! He would stare
at my breasts and then look deep down to see if he could see more!
This way I derived lot of pleasure and I used to get very wet down
there and had to masturbate just thinking of him. I had to do
something more! I had to get him into my bed and fuck him!
As this continued his attitude towards me changes and he took
every opportunity to talk to me and even touch me casually. One day I
decided to show him something more! We have a 2 bedroom flat and the
common hall lies in the center. From the hall you can see the door of
my bedroom. The TV is just in the line with the door of our bedroom
and if one is watching TV he could just see what's happening in our
bedroom. I decided to take the advantage of this.
That day my FIL was watching TV and may be that was some cricket
match he was interested in. I decided to make my move and went to the
bedroom. I kept the door open and went inside. Then I looked at the
hall and could clearly see my FIL looking at the TV. I made some
movements just to confirm that he could see what I was doing inside.
And I could see him looking at me while watching TV. Now I stood and
unwrapped my pallo to remove my sari. As the pallo fell down my
breasts stood free, just covered by the blouse. I looked at the hall,
not directly but just from the corners of my eyes. YES he was
watching. I removed the sari and stood there just in my blouse and
petticoat. Ohh god! My entire body was trembling with excitement and
felt goose pimples all over my body. That was the sign of excitement
and sexual arousal for me. Yes ! I then unbuttoned my blouse and
slowly removed it. I did it real slow so that FIL had nice view of my
breasts uncovering.

Friends ! my heart was beating very fast. I then turned my back
towards the hall and pushed my hands behind my back to show my FIL
what I was doing. My fingers touched the hook of my brassier and I
slowly unfastened it. I could not observe my FIL this way but I was
sure he was looking. I slowly removed my bra and then threw it away.
Ohhhh! Here I was in my bedroom showing my FIL I was undressing. My
choot became wet and I could feel the juices flowing. I then went
inside the bedroom to take my salwar kameez as I was pretending to
change my clothes I took the pair and again stood near the door. I
peeked inside the hall to find my FIL still watching. He was now
watching the door and not the TV! I stood facing him with my breasts
naked to his view. I felt my nipples grow and my breasts swell. I
slowly put my hands over my breasts as if I am trying to cover them
and then bent down to lift my kameez. As I bent down I knew my
breasts will jiggle and fall down due to gravity. The two melons
swayed as I moved and I could see my FIL looking at it intently. Then
I straightened up and removed the knot of my petticoat. I wanted to
stand nude in front of the man in my dreams! I started to remove the
petticoat and slowly pushed it down. It stuck to my hips and I had to
wiggle my ass to let the petticoat go down the buttocks. This way I
was dancing! My FIL was looking and looking. Ohhh god! What I was
doing? What will he think? I suddenly removed my petticoat in hurry,
as if I had discovered him watching and fled inside. I was afraid! I
lay on my bed naked with the door open and the fear of my FIL walking
in. I pushed my hands over my choot and found my clit throbbing. I
massaged my clit and then pushed two fingers right into my snatch.
Ohhhhhhhhhhh ! I came instantly! My choot twitched and sucked in my
fingers. This was the most powerful orgasm I ever had! I got up and
put on my salwar and kameez and walked towards the hall, my heart
beating like hell.
My FIL was not there! I searched for him but could not find
him. Then I looked at the bathroom and found the door closed. Ohhhh!
Was he jacking off? I slowly went near the door and put my ear to the
door. I could hear him breathing heavily and then I was shocked! I
heard him say,
" Ohhhhhhhhh Minu! Why are you teasing me? Ohhhhh ! You made
me so hot! Come on! Fuck my cock. Ahhhhhhhhh! That's it! Ohhhh how I
want to fuck you! Ahhhhh coming for you baby! Ohhhh ahhhh
commmmmmiiinnnggggggggg!"
Ohhh god! What I was doing? Making this man old enough to be
my father sexually aroused and who is masturbating for me. I am his
daughter in law! Ohhhh is this good? But I am really excited at that
time. Its pure lust I have in my mind. I could hear lot of movement
in the bathroom and I could not face my FIL in this stage so I
hurried back in my room and lay on the bed. My hand slipped inside my
salwar and onto my choot and I started to rub it imagining my FIL
masturbating for me. I had closed my eyes and my hand moved down
below. I came very fast and lay on the bed, totally exhausted.
That night I was waiting for my husband Sunil to come home
and to go to bed with him. That night we both fucked like mad with me
lying on my stomach and he fucking me from behind. That way I could
not see my husband but imagine my FIL fucking me. Readers! It felt so
real that I thought I am being fucked by my FIL, Ravi. I had intense
orgasm and Sunil asked me what had happened to me and why I was so
much aroused. What should I have told him? I just kept quite and let
my body respond. I had fantastic sleep that night and it was full of
dreams about my FIL. Where I was going? Where this will lead me? I
can't say!
Next day I could not face my FIL. I was so shy in front of
him that I hardly could look at him. I saw him looking at me from the
corner of my eyes and my heart beat faster each time. I saw him
looking at me in strange manner like never before. I had to avoid
looking at him!
After Sunil and MIL went off to work and my son to school we
both were left alone again. My FIL was again watching TV and I was
doing household work. After I finished my work I asked FIL if he
would like to have some tea and bread. He said yes. I prepared tea
for him and took it to him. While giving him tea I had to bend and my
paloo fell from my shoulder. I knew that the blouse was low necked
and half of my boobs spilled out. I stayed in that position for more
than required time and I saw him staring into my blouse. As he lifted
the cup of tea his hands were shaking and his breath became faster. I
looked at his lungi and found something sticking out. Ohhh god! He
did not wear any undies below the lungi! And his member was sticking
out. I felt so awkward and I rushed to my room. After some time I
heard my FIL moving in the living room and I felt that he was very
much uneasy. I decided to take a bath. I collected my clothes and
walked to the bathroom. I saw my FIL sitting in their room and
reading newspaper. But I could see his specks from above the paper
and knew that he was watching.
Our bathroom has latch and there is a keyhole there. Usually
I place some clothes over it to avoid somebody spying on me. But
today I wanted my FIL to look in through it at my naked body while I
took bath. I closed the door and removed my clothes. While I was
doing this I was looking at the keyhole to see if FIL was watching.
This made me very hot and my hands went to my breasts and I squeezed
them hard. I moaned with the sensation and then pinched my nipples.
How I wanted FIL to watch! I turned my back to the door and continued
to massage my breasts and pinch my nipples. Soon my choot became wet
and I had to rub my clit and push my fingers inside. I still had not
taken water on my body but was waiting for HIM! I again looked in the
direction of the keyhole and found that FIL was there. His figure
moved to and fro may be he was thinking twice before looking into the
keyhole!
Then the figure steadied and I knew he was there, watching
me. That made me hotter and I spread my legs. (My back was facing the
keyhole.) My ass is nice and wide, attracts lot of males while I walk
and I am very proud of it. As I spread my legs and made the two ass
cheeks look prominent. I shook my ass seductively and then took my
hands to the backside to caress the lovely flesh there. I knew that
he was watching this. Then I bent down and opened the crack of my ass
rubbing there and letting it spread to show my choot down below. I
straightened up and started to take bath. I poured hot water over my
shoulders and rubbed the skin there. I took soap and applied it to my
body. I then turned sideways and rubbed the soap on my breasts. I
turned more towards the door but not fully. I rubbed the lather on my
fleshy melons and sighed. Ohhhhhhhhh! God!
I caught both my breasts in my hands and kneaded them
together. My nipples were already hard. I pulled both the nipples and
sighed again. Ohhhhhhhhh Raviji! My sasurji! Why are you teasing me?
Why don't you approach me? I am a woman! I cant do this and ask you
to fuck me!" Ohhh god sasurji! Come to me!" I just whispered these
words and this made me tremble all over. Would I be able to say this
to my FIL like this? I doubted I would do that.
I was hot! I pushed my breasts upwards and tried to suck on
the nipples. My tongue just touched the nipples and I teased them by
moving my tongue lightly over each one. Then I again turned my back
to the door and spreading my legs wide, pushed my hand to my choot.
My two fingers slipped inside the juicy choot easily and I started to
move them in and out. My hand was clearly visible from between my
legs and I knew my FIL was getting nice view. I moaned, "Ohhhh
Sasurji! Fuck me! Chodo muze!" Ohhh how I could say this? But this
made me more excited! I continued to rub my choot and then I inserted
one finger in my choot and moaned again. The finger went deep inside
me and I felt better. I moved the finger in and out of my choot and
gave my FIL nice show. The fellow must have been very hard, I knew he
was! I did the most amazing thing I never have done. I lay on the
bathroom floor with my ass towards the door, spread my legs and gave
the intimate view if my private parts to my FIL. I lifted my legs up
in the air and that made my nice ass lift. It must have shown FIL
nice view of my slit and ass hole. In that position I pushed my
fingers in my choot and shoed him how hot I was! I had to complete my
bath so I got up and hurriedly completed the bath. Now I had to open
the door! I was still naked and I wanted to come out of the bathroom
with just a towel wrapped around my body. That would suit the
situation I thought. I looked at the keyhole and FIL was still there
and the glass of his specks was visible to me. I decided to catch
him! I wanted him to know that I was aware of his presence outside
the bathroom and thaat he was spying on me. So I took some water in
my hand and threw it on the keyhole. It splashed there and some drops
must have fallen on my FIL's glasses. I saw movement and then there
was nobody, the keyhole was clear. I hurriedly wrapped the towel
around my body and opened the door to come out.
My FIL was not there! I looked around and found him sitting
in the living room wiping his specs. Ohhhh I had him! I had to cross
the living room in order to reach my bedroom. I walked to my room and
while passing through the living room I casually looked at HIM. I
don't know how I dared to talk,
"What happened Sasurji? You are wiping your specs." I asked
him boldly and smilingly.
He looked shocked but smiling back at me he said, " Minu,
there was some water on the lens and I am wiping it."
I asked him, "how you got water on your specs sasurji? Were you near
the bathroom? I splash lot of water while taking bath and some of it
must have fallen on your specks. I am sorry."
He, "Ohhhh! You do more than splashing the water dear bahu. You took
long time to finish your bath. I thought you had finished so I tried
the bathroom door and heard you moaning. Was there any trouble? Were
you hurt?"
I was stunned at the boldness and said, " Ohhh no sasurji I was
moaning just for fun not due to any trouble."
As we were talking his eyes were on my breasts and lower side, taking
in the female anatomy. I was for the first time looking straight into
his eyes and I felt that I may explode with excitement. Today too he
was not wearing anything inside his lungi as I could watch some
tenting there. It was a big tent and I was sure my FIL was well
endowed. My husband is 6 inches there and his father must be more
than 7 inches down there. I was impressed with that and if we were
not related like this I would have taken that lund right there!
My FIL was smiling and looking at me. There was pin-drop silence for
some time and we both were just looking at each other. The ICE was
not broken yet! I again smiled at him and went to my room. Today he
was not watching any match and the TV was not on. Still he was
looking at it. He was not pretending anything now. He was looking
directly at my bedroom door, waiting for me to give him a show like
that day. I decided not to disappoint him!
I stood in his vision but with my back to him and boldly removed the
towel that covered my body. I was stark naked now and my ass was
towards my FIL's vision. I moved a little to show my FIL the curves
of my naked ass as I walked. I knew he was looking at it! I grew
bolder and caught my ass cheeks with my hands and rubbed them. Ohhh
god! It felt so wonderful doing it in front of my FIL. It was wicked,
sinful but still I could not help teasing him. I was seducing him! It
was he who had made me want him with all his behavior and jolly
nature, specially his laughing! Ohhh god! He had seduced me in the
first instance and what I was doing was submitting to him! I then
spread my ass and showed my FIL the treasure of the woman, her choot.
I very much wanted him to come to me and fuck me from behind so that
I wont be able to see his face and there wont be any guilt in my mind
that I seduced him.
I then rotated my ass seductively and swayed it towards him. I was
giving him clear invitation to fuck me and I very much wanted him to!
But still I was afraid! I then rubbed my own choot for a while and
believe me! I just came touching my choot and clit! My body shivered
in the throes of intense orgasm and I could not stand! I hurried to
my bed and lay there still naked and relaxed. My body felt no weight
and was light like a butterfly. I was flying in the air,
weightlessly! I don't know when I dozed off to well deserved sleep,
after such intense climax.
In the sleep I was dreaming of my FIL fucking me from behind. I don't
know how long I lay there but I woke suddenly. I felt somebody
sleeping near me, at my back. Ohhh GOD! Was he my FIL? I pretended to
be asleep and felt the body of my FIL pressing against my back. Ohhhh
god he was there right near me. I felt his clothes, so he was still
dressed! I could not wake up and show him I was awake, so I pretended
to be slppeing. My FIL had finally gathered his wits and had dared to
come near me in sexual way. I felt hand touching my ass. The touch
was very light as if he was also afraid that I will wake up. With no
response from me his hand pressed into my ass cheek and he caressed
the flesh. His touch was soothing and arousing. I felt something in
my choot and wanted to push my ass back on his hands. I heard rustle
of clothes and knew that he was undressing after confirming that I
was asleep. He was murmuring somethng and I heard him say,
"Ohhhh Bahu! Why are you teasing me like this? Why don't you ask for
it? Ohh yes you women are like this. You wont ask but want us to take
the first step. Ok I am here now! Minu! My darling! Come on touch me.
Make me feel better. Ohhh god! You have such a nice ass! Ahhhhhhhhh
so smooth and fleshy. Ahhhhhhn ! I want to touch you everywhere!"
What could I say to this? I did not dare wake up! He did not wait for
my reaction as he was assuming that I was fast asleep. His hand moved
to my breasts and he touched them. Dear readers! It felt so nice! FIL
then caught my left breast in his hand and lightly squeezed it. Ohhh
god! I was in heaven. I could just feel the touch but not react. It
was strange! His daring increased and he pushed his body tightly
against mine. I could feel his lund touching the flesh of my gaand.
FIL's lund was hard like a iron rod as it poked into me there. Ohhhh!
he could not kiss me I knew. Alas! If I wake up! But I could not. He
continued squeezing my breast and then caught the right one in his
hand. He squeezed that too this time very hard and I might have moved
a little with pleasure. He kept still as my body moved a little and
then I lay still again. When he was sure that I was in sleep he just
lifted my leg slowly and then with one of his hands he put his lund
on the opening of my choot. WOW! FIL then pushed his lund slowly
inside my choot and it slid in easily as I was very wet in there. He
must have felt surprised about my wetness so he removed his lund and
put his finger there. His finger must have gotten wet and I could
hear him suck his finger from my choot with sucking sound. I thought
that he would fuck me right now but I felt his tongue instead of his
lund. His tongue was doing expert dance on my choot and tickled every
inch of it.
Ohhh god! FIL then pushed his tongue all the way inside my choot and
licked my vaginal wall everywhere. I was on the verge of cumming!
Then he traced his tongue to my clit and tickled it lightly. That did
it! I came and my vagina spasmed and clit twitched. He must have
sensed this as he was expert in this game. He pushed his tongue all
the way inside my choot and took in the vibrations my choot made as I
came. Choot juice too was flowing plentifully and he had to do fast
job to lick it up. I could tell you all this as he made lot of
slurping sound while doing it. Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh! Pure
bliss!
Then in one fast motion he pushed his lund deep in my choot. I was
not ready for this yet as I was coming out of great orgasm. My ass
moved and he again lay still. Then when my movement subsided he
started to fuck me slowly. I could feel that his lund was about 8
inches long and thick too. FIL was expert fucker and knew how to keep
the rhythm. My husband was fast fucker and his rhythm was different.
Sunil was fast in pushing his lund inside but slow in taking it out,
that was the difference. MY FIL kept this steady. He slowly pushed
his lund in and took it out at the same rhythm. I had to struggle
from not moving but could not help it few times. FIL slowly increased
the tempo of fucking and in short time his thrusts were very fast. I
could hardly bear the intense pleasure and started to move my ass in
rhythm to FIL's fucking. FIL was not in a mood to stop now , whether
I was awake or not did not make any difference to him. IT was great!
My hips moved in unison with the fucking and then I felt FIL turn me
on my stomach and lay on my back. It seemed he was sure that I wont
resist even if I was awake. He was right! Like a doll I was handled
by my FIL. He was now fucking me with full force and soon his body
steadied and his lund throbbed in my choot.
HE was cumming! I felt hot semen spraying the walls of my vagina and
my own climax came. I too came and my vaginal muscles milked his
lund. He must have felt the spasms of my vagina and he lay still on
my body. No word was said during all this fucking. Just the action.
After he ejaculated he kissed me on the cheeks and his hands roamed
over my breasts to soothe me. Did he knew I was awake? May be he
knew! I did not bother. But I could not face him. that was a fact!
Saadia rose unsteadily to her feet and obediently she started to
unbutton her blouse and slipped it over her shoulders and on the
ground. Hameed's cruel eyes widened as her naked golden breasts
popped into view, her hard young nipples jutting proudly, her flesh
smooth and tight. She looked at him through half closed bleary eyes
mindlessly following his orders. Then she untied her nara of her
petticoat and dropped it to the floor leaving only her thin white
panties guarding her nakedness. Her legs were long and smooth, twin
golden stems that tapered sensuously from the warm milky softness of
her thighs. "The panties too." The big ugly man barked at the little
white lady commanding his newest slave girl to undress for his
amusement. Saadia's head was still reeling from shock and she
hesitated at stripping off her last garment. Then Saadia pushed her
panties down over her narrow hips then rolled them down over her
naked legs and out of her feet. Hameed unzipped the fly of his
trouser and pulled his limp fore skinned member out into the open.
His lund was lying flaccidly over the leathery sac of his testicles.
She looked at his shrunk lund and was surprised to see that it was
even bigger and thicker than her husband's in full erection. "Get
down on your knees and suck my lund awhile and get it good and hard
for your choot." He again ordered. Saadia was frightened, whenever
she had seen this ugly giant she always frightened. She knew that no
woman in the world will like to fuck that ugly ugly old man and now
she was being asked to suck his dirty lund. "No, please Mr. Hameed.
I can't do it. Please" she trembled as she looked at his huge fleshy
penis lying on his ugly hairy thigh. Then, she lowered herself
reluctantly to his knees her hand on his leg, just inches from his
throbbing knob. She was looking straight on the ugly ugly dirty lund.
He slid forward until his limp prick was immediately in front of her
dry lips. " First lick my hair, you white bitch." He ordered. And she
lowered her head and pulled her tongue out and started to lick his
ugly stiff hairs on his lund. It smelled so dirty that it was much
difficult for her to do this. Then he picked his lund up and
said, "no my balls darling" She moved her tongue to his heavy ugly
hairy balls. These were like some tennis balls. She began to lick
those dirty testicles with her soft pink tongue. it was nauseating
for her. Then she took his lund in her hand and raised it lowered her
lips on it. "Yes now that way. Skin it back and lick it a little I
want it nice and wet!" he said. As he watched Saadia gently pulled
back the thick fleshy outer layer stripping it back towards its base,
causing the swollen blood filled head to slip teasingly from its
heavy protective sheath; then her warm, pink tongue licked tenderly
at its throbbing underside, rolling the hardening shaft with her
moistened lips until it glistened from her saliva. She caught a tiny
drop of semen hidden in the tiny hole in the bulbous tip. A
shuddering chill of sadistic delight surged over Hameed as he felt
his lund jerking erect, her lips opened to take in its limp state,
slipping the half hardened member between her wet lips until he could
feel his hairy pelvis tight against her face and lips, her tongue
circling his lund maddeningly as it grew harder and harder. "Now
you've got it suck it you little raandi..suck it with your mouth."
His eyes narrowed as he groaned the words at her, his hands holding
her bobbing head securely centered on his swelling penis. His head
tossed back against the rear of the sofa, he shoved his loins against
her face, his lund hardening and swelling to its full, immense
length. Her elastic lips ovaled as the glistening shaft slipped
easily into the warm wet shelter of her mouth, her soft tongue
swirling hungrily around the ugly throbbing head in the soft liquid
confines of her throat. "Squeeze my balls squeeze them bitch  you
raandi." She obeyed warmly caressing the swollen sac cupped gently
between her two hands as she sucked over hungrily under the ever-
swelling huge ugly lund. Her fingers slipped under the sperm filled
reservoir and teasingly flicked at the hair ringed brown hole of his
anus, sending new shivers of ecstatic delight racing along his spine.
Saadia felt the throbbing ugly member swelling in her mouth her
cheeks hollowed to contain it all, as he began to gasp and groan. She
knew it would only be seconds before the huge thick ugly shaft will
gush its white sticky load into her mouth flooding her throat
pgaandage and choking her. It was the first time that a ugly lund was
going to cum in her mouth. She wanted more than anything on earth to
spit this obscene dirty ugly lund from her mouth to run as far away
from this nightmare as she could. But she knew it was hopeless she
couldn't stop now she had to please this old dirty ugly friend of his
father in law. She knew that it was her fate to have this dirty
ugly's cum in her mouth. Hameed felt the agonizing pressure building
in his swollen balls and he knew it was about to happen. Any second
his painfully hardened prick would blast its scorching load against
the back of this white girl's throat. He could feel his whole body
tensing for the coming moment and he knew he couldn't hold back for a
minuet longer. He watched eagerly as his wet glistening lund
slithered from between her taut pursed lops as she pulled her head
back. Her pink moist fleshy lips clinging to its hard ugly stiff
shaft as she raised and then lowered her head to take it all back
into the warmness of her mouth. Her full firm tits swayed and bobbed
from side to side under her, her tender young nipples ripe and hard
now as she sucked frantically on the first ugly lund of her life.



