My wife Anna - exhibitionist slut by Jason_1

This is the true story of my discovery that my wife is an exhibitionist slut.

It all began quite innocently. My wife, Anna, and I have been married for 3 years. She is 26, and a petite 5'2" with a very cute ass and nice round 36C tits with nipples that point to the sky. Anna is from Indonesia, and all the time I've known her until recently she has always been shy and quiet, dressing in a very conservative manner so as to hide her incredible body. She has beautiful mocha skin and long black hair. Our sex life has always been good, but consisted of pretty much straight sex in our bedroom, with some occasional anal thrown in for good measure. Anytime I suggested something more adventurous she would blush and turn away.

A couple of months ago Anna and I were on vacation in Florida and had gone to a theme park for the day. Right after lunch, we went on this river rafting ride which ended up soaking both of us. I got pretty wet, but Anna was sitting on the opposite side of the raft and got completely drenched. It was a windy and cloudy day and she was getting so chilly in her wet clothes that she decided to buy something dry to change into. I waited outside one of the shops while she bought something and changed in their dressing room. She came out carrying a bag with her wet clothes and dressed in a fairly tight white T-shirt and a little khaki skirt with the park's logo on it. As she walked toward me, her jiggling tits and pointy nipples told me that she was not wearing a bra. As I stared at them and smiled, she explained that her bra and panties were soaked so she had to put them in the bag with her other clothes. I said "so you're not wearing anything under that little skirt either??" She blushed and said that she looked for some pants or shorts, but the short skirt was the only thing they had small enough to fit her petite waist. As a special treat for me on the day we left for vacation she had shaved her snatch completely bald, and I started to get excited thinking about her smooth little cunt only inches out of view under that skirt.

As we walked around the park, all the guys were ogling her beautiful bouncing tits. Some of them glanced nervously, while others brazenly stared and even nudged their buddies saying "check that out". Anna was obviously noticing all the attention and seemed a little embarassed. Although, I knew she must have been getting some kind of thrill out of it because at one point while we were walking I snuck my hand under her skirt and found her snatch sopping wet before she pulled away and told me to stop. Then we got on a ride that had circular cars where everyone sat inside facing each other. As the ride started, our car began to spin around and wobble which caused Anna's tits to sway and jiggle very nicely. As I was trying to hold on to my seat bar, I noticed a couple of 18ish guys directly across from us staring right between Anna's legs. I looked down and saw that all the wobbling and spinning had caused Anna's legs to slide apart and the boys were no doubt getting a great view of her bald gaping cunt. I leaned over and whispered in her ear "I think those guys are about to shoot off in their jeans". She looked up quickly, saw them staring, closed her legs tightly and buried her face in my shoulder in shame. After a moment, she looked up at me and stammered "I'm sorry...." when I quickly cut her off. I smiled and said that it didn't bother me, and in fact I was getting hot thinking about those guys fantasizing about my sweet little wife. She looked shocked but somehow curious, and turned away.

That afternoon, we went back to our hotel and had the best sex ever. As I licked and fingered her pussy, I kept telling her what an incredibly sexy body she has and how she should show it off more often. She was getting very hot to hear me say that. As I buried my cock in her pussy I grabbed her tits and told her that every guy in the park had been thinking about what her nice big tits looked like and how they would taste. After hearing that she started going completely fucking wild, moaning loudly and bucking her hips. Then I told her that those two boys from the ride were probably somewhere jerking off right now dreaming about fucking her wet little cunt. At that, she let out a scream and had a tremendous orgasm. The thought of how turned on she was about other guys seeing her tits and pussy was too much for me, I pulled out and shot stream after stream of hot cum over her tits, face, and belly. After that, I collapsed on the bed and laid for a while with my eyes closed when I felt her warm soft mouth nursing my cock back to life. She was ready to go again! But this time, the look on her face told me she was going to turn the tables. As she sucked and licked the pussy juice and cum off my cock, she began telling me how wet it made her pussy to have all those strange men staring at her perky tits. My cock throbbed to full erection. She sucked some more, then told me that she really wanted to spread her legs and her pussy lips wide open for those boys on the ride, and she wanted them to take turns lapping at her soaking cunt while everyone in the car, including me, watched. That was too much -- I threw her back on the bed and rammed my swollen hard-on into her sloppy cunt. As I fucked away, she asked if I would like to watch those boys lick her pussy. I said I would love it. Then she asked if I would let her suck their cocks. I almost blew my load right there, but slowed down and restrained myself. Panting nervously, I asked if she would like to fuck them in front of me. She giggled and said "no ... my pussy is reserved for only your cock". Thinking for a moment, I said "would you let them fuck your tight little ass?" To my surprise, she replied "my fantasy is to have no less than 10 guys lined up, waiting for their turn to fuck my sweet little asshole ... and every one of them would have to shoot their load in my bowels!" Before I knew it I was releasing another huge semen deposit -- this time deep in her pussy. While I was still shooting the last of my load she mashed her cunt against my groin and had another wild, convulsing orgasm.

These days, when we go out to dinner Anna usually wears a little black lowcut dress with no underwear. If we're out during the day, she wears one of her sheer sundresses which tend to blow up when the right breeze comes along, exposing her sweet little ass and pussy which she now keeps completely bald at all times. She delights in the looks and comments she gets, and never misses an opportunity to bend over, spread her legs, or carelessly let one of her tits bobble out at the right moment for both strange men and women to see. The exhibitionist that was always inside of her has been released fully. And while so far it's mostly just fantasy and showing herself, the little slut that I know she is deep inside is starting to come out as well. Last week she crossed the first line between fantasy and reality.

We had a guy from the cable company in our house installing an outlet in a guest room. Taking full advantage of the opportunity, Anna was parading around pretending to supervise him wearing only a silk bathrobe loosely tied in the front. I knew what she was up to, and settled down in a chair to watch her walk around, sit down, stand up, and casually let the robe undo itself. The cable guy, who was an athletic-looking 30-something, was stealing glances as more and more of my wife was being revealed. As she stood and watched him drill into the wall, I could see her nipples were now poking out the open front of her robe and her little bald snatch was in full view. She asked him some question which caused him to look up and get an eyeful. He looked nervously at me, then back down at his work. When he stood up, there was a huge bulge in his blue work pants with a wet spot at the end of it. Upon seeing this, Anna said “oh what happened to you?” and started wiping at the wet spot with her hand. Once she felt the outline of his bulge, she said “oh I see what happened, we had better get that out before you hurt yourself or really make a mess of your pants!” At that point, the cable guy looked at me and started backing away. When he did that, Anna looked back at me and said in a sweet, pouting voice “do you want me to help him?” I looked at her, then the cable guy and said “yeah, I think you should help him – we can’t have him walking around the house like that.” With my approval, Anna immediately went to work undoing his pants and within seconds an enormous boner popped out and hit her in the nose. Anna sat back and stared in awe. The only words she could utter at the sight of it were “oh my… that’s incredible”. She was right – the guy’s cock must have been 10 inches and thick as my wife’s forearm. Also, when she pulled his pants the rest of the way down to his knees, we both saw that his nut sack was the size of a softball! Anna instinctively tried to cup his balls in one of her little hands while she stroked the monster prick with her other hand. She could not get her petite fingers around the shaft and was clearly having a little trouble keeping it in her grasp as it throbbed and strained. What an incredible sight – my sweet little wife on her knees in front of a total stranger jerking off his cock with her lovely tits peeking up at him. Apparently, the cable guy thought it was incredible, too, because after only a few moments of her stroking he started shooting long streams of hot gizz across her tits, face, hair, robe, everything! I had never seen such volume. She was completely coated with the stuff. After he finally finished, she used the end of her robe to wipe off the last bit oozing out of his cock and put it back in his pants. He uttered a nervous “thank you”, collected his tools and was out the door. I wasted no time in mounting Anna right there on the sofa and pounded her soaking little pussy while she smeared the stranger’s cum around her face, hair, and tits. She then told me that she was going to try to get that monster cock in her mouth but he came too soon! Then she scooped some of his cum onto her lips and looked at me with her pouty face and asked if I would have let her suck his cock. With that, I pulled out and shot my own load across her tits and face, my cum mixing in with the stranger’s. When I was finished, she said “I’ll take that as a yes.”

This is going to be the start of some good stuff. I’m already trying to figure out how to setup that 10 guy anal gangbang she has been fantasizing about…


Adventure 2
This is my ongoing journal of the adventures of my wife Anna. Up until the end of 2003 (a little more than three years after we were married), she had been a quiet and shy girl from Indonesia. Although her flawless mocha complexion, perfectly round 36C tits with upturned nipples, and tight, petite little ass gained her much attention from men everywhere, she always ignored them and kept to herself. Then, one day that all changed and the exhibitionist slut that she really is came out. Since then, she has become more and more daring with each passing week.

Last week, Anna discovered that she could use her body to get things she wants. She has essentially become a prostitute – although she trades sexual acts for goods and services instead of cash. We were having a dinner party and wanted to get a new sofa since our old one was pretty worn out. Anna wore her usual low cut top with no bra and mini skirt with no panties to the furniture store. A salesman named Lenny helped us pick one out. Lenny was in his early fifties, balding, and slightly overweight. He couldn’t take his eyes off Anna as we walked around the store. After we decided on a sofa, Lenny told us that it would be delivered in about 3 weeks. Anna looked very disappointed and said pouting that we needed it for a party this weekend. When Lenny said that couldn’t be done, Anna told him to let us talk for a moment to decide what we wanted to do. When he walked away, she gave me that sexy smile of hers and said “don’t worry, we’ll get it delivered tomorrow.” Then she called Lenny back over and sat down on the sofa. When he walked over and stood in front of her, she casually lifted her leg and draped it over the arm of the sofa. I could see from my vantage point that her little bald pussy was now completely exposed and better yet, because she was already wet with anticipation her little pussy lips had parted, exposing her glistening pink hole. I thought Lenny’s eyes were going to pop out as he stared inside of my wife’s cunt! At that, Anna seductively said “are you sure we can’t get it delivered this week?” Lenny stammered and stuttered, but could not get out any words. Sensing that he needed a little help, Anna slid her hand down and pulled her cunt lips apart even further and said “if you deliver it tomorrow you can stick your face in this.” Lenny just nodded and suddenly walked away. In seconds he was back with the order marked for next day delivery for us to sign. Anna brushed her ripe tits against him as we walked past to leave.

On the way home, we were both horny with anticipation. After we got home, I wasted no time in bending her over a chair, flipping up her little skirt, and burying my cock in her already soaking cunt. Of course, she was loving every minute of it, arching her back and sticking her lovely ass up at me so I could penetrate her to the balls with each stroke. Then, I started calling her a little whore and telling her that she was a shameless little fuck slut selling her pussy to strangers. Hearing this, Anna had a violent orgasm, pushing her ass back against me and squeezing my cock with her convulsing pussy. That was all I needed as I unloaded deep inside her, feeling my cum squirt directly into the opening of her womb.

The next day, the furniture trucked pulled up at our house as expected. In preparation for the day’s work, Anna had worn only her silk bathrobe loosely tied in the front. She was a little surprised thought, when she saw that Lenny had brought a worker to help him carry the sofa – a tall young black man with muscular arms. After they carried the sofa in and put it down, Lenny winked at Anna and said “I did my part, now it’s time for you to do yours.” Anna just turned around, gave him a “follow me” look, and walked upstairs towards the guest room (apparently she didn’t want to do him in our own bed). Lenny’s helper, Darren, looked a little confused as Lenny followed my wife upstairs but just shrugged his shoulders and went back out to the truck. By the time I got upstairs, Anna was already laid back on the bed with her ass at the edge and her knees pulled up and spread wide. Lenny was just kneeling down in front of her and didn’t even acknowledge me as I walked into the room. Without hesitation, he buried his face in my wife’s sweet little pussy and began tonguing it madly. Anna caught her breath and propped up on her elbows, surprised at the sudden onslaught. Within a moment, though, she looked at me with lustful eyes and softly moaned “oh fuck yes.” Lenny worked at her pussy like a starving man. He was lapping and sucking at her with such force that her nice round tits gently jiggled and bobbled. Anna grabbed his head and told him to cover her mound with his mouth and gently flick her clit with the end of his tongue. Lenny did exactly as he was told, and after a few moments I could tell that my wife was about to cum on his face. Suddenly she clutched her tits, arched her back and let go – coating his face with so much juice that it dripped off his chin. After her convulsing subsided, Lenny stood up, quickly pulled his hard cock out and started stroking it. Anna quickly pulled her legs together and turned on her side, knowing that he would surely try to mount her if she kept her wet pussy open to him. She watched intently as he stroked his smallish cock. I could see that given Lenny’s age it was going to take him a while to get off. I was just about to tell her to help him out, when I got an idea. I hurried downstairs and out to the truck where Darren had been waiting for the last half an hour. I opened the truck door and told him that his boss needed his help inside. As we started towards the house, Darren muttered something about “what the hell had Lenny been doing all this time?” I grinned, thinking that Darren was about to find out! When we walked in the room, Lenny was still stroking but Anna was trying to help out by cupping his balls and letting him squeeze her firm young tits.

Darren looked on the scene in shock, and muttered “what the fuck?” I quickly told him that my wife Anna was servicing Lenny for delivering our sofa and that since Darren had helped he should get in on it. Lenny was in too much pleasure to care what happened at this stage, so he just kept squeezing my wife’s tits and jerking off. Darren took one look at Anna’s luscious tits, her wet little cunt which was gaping open as she sat on the edge of the bed, and immediately began undoing his pants. As he stepped forward towards her and pulled his pants and boxers down, an enormous black cock popped out. It was only semi-erect, but already about 8 inches and thick as a cucumber. Anna instinctively reached out and wrapped her tiny fingers around the the monster mid-shaft, enjoying the feeling of it’s girth. As she squeezed and stroked, Darren quickly reached full erection – probably 10 inches and thick as my wife’s forearm. Seeing my wife’s petite little hand stroking this black monster cock finally sent Lenny over the edge. He shot two streams of cum across her tits and the rest dribbled out onto her wrist and ran down her arm as she continued to cup and massage his balls. With Lenny finished, Anna could now use both hands to try to handle Darren’s huge cock. As she stroked him with both hands, he moved forward and thrust his hips out, pointing his weapon directly at her face. Much to my surprise, Anna took the head into her mouth! This was the first time she had done anything more than a hand job with another man, and she didn’t even look at me for approval! She just started sucking away at the big thing, alternately stroking it and trying to hold his massive black balls with her little hand. Getting more comfortable with the situation, Darren pushed her hands away from his genitals, grabbed Anna’s head with both hands and began fucking it. He looked at me and smiled as he fucked my wife’s beautiful face. She gagged as he forced his rod down her throat and she had to grab his buttocks to steady herself. I was starting to get alarmed and was going to stop him, but then I saw her slide one hand down and start rubbing her clit. This forcible face fucking was getting Anna very hot. It was getting me very hot, too. I couldn’t stand anymore – I pushed Anna off the bed and onto her hands and knees on the floor. Darren knelt down in front of her and pushed his horse cock back in her face while I slid into her creamy slit from behind. I grabbed her ass and gave her a good rough fucking while I watched her head bob up and down on Darren’s thick shaft. Lenny, who had been watching until now, laid down on the floor and sucked and licked at my wife’s swinging, bouncing tits. Anna had at least 2 obvious orgasms with one stranger fucking her face, another sucking her tits, and her loving husband plowing her cunt! Suddenly I saw Darren pull out and stroke his cock. His first load shot completely over Anna’s head and landed on her hair and back. He then aimed down a bit and gave her several big streams right in the face. Once he stopped shooting she milked the last drops out with her hand then looked back at me with a big smile and a face full of cum. Darren had creamed her good, and his goo was dripping off her chin, nose, and ears as she looked back at me, but she had kept her mouth closed tight. That sight did it for me and I quickly pulled out of her sloshing pussy and pulled her by the hair back towards my cock, which was now ready to blow. For me, she opened her mouth wide and took the first shots right in the back of her throat. I sprayed the rest on her forehead and cheeks and watched as it mixed in with the stranger’s semen. Anna laid on the floor with an exhausted, but satisfied look as the men got dressed and I showed them out.

When I came back upstairs she was getting into the shower. “I can’t believe you just did that” I said to her as she turned on the water. She looked at the floor, her face frightened and shameful, and said “I’m sorry, it was just so big and I got so horny jacking off the older guy… I thought you would be okay with me putting it in my mouth and….” I stopped her there and told her that it was fantastic. We agreed that she would be careful to never let a stranger cum in her mouth, but that it was okay for her to suck off other cocks.

Wow … this opens up all kinds of new possibilities. Reply if you like this and I’ll keep everyone posted on Anna’s new adventures.
