They left Bobby’s at Dean’s insistence early the next morning, when the sun was still trying to decide whether it wanted to rise or not. Sam was tempted to wake Bobby up and yell at him when he caught sight of Dean’s bandaged right hand, but managed to restrain himself. Dean had been hurt a lot worse than a few swollen knuckles and some cuts on Sam’s watch.

He tentatively suggested that they stay at Bobby’s for a few more days. Dean moved his head to the right. Back to center. To the left. Back to center again. No. 

Sam spent the rest of the day in a kind of daze while his brother drove. Everything seemed to have been turned on its head, as though at some point yesterday he’d stepped through a mirror and into Looking Glass Land. He should have been happy, now that things were settled between him and Dean: should have been relieved and relaxed. He and Dean should have been grinning at each other like idiots. Shouldn’t have been able to keep their hands off each other.

Instead, Dean barely spoke, and he wouldn’t really look at Sam. He moved as though he'd aged about forty years overnight. Sam ached to do something for him, but all of his opening gambits went ignored.

When they stopped for the night, and Dean asked for two queens, Sam didn’t argue.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Over the next few weeks, Sam kept expecting Dean to snap himself out of it, or to break down and at least talk to him using words of more than one syllable. Twice, despite Bobby’s warning, he tried to force a conversation about what had happened, and Dean walked out on him both times. When he came stumbling back, he smelled of alcohol and smoke, but not sex.

That particular avenue of release wasn’t safe anymore.

Sam was so wrapped up in trying to fix his brother that when Dean slid into bed with him almost four weeks after they left Bobby’s, his only thought was: finally, he’s getting better. Beyond accidental, casual brushes, they hadn’t touched at all since that horrible afternoon.

“Hey,” Sam said, putting an uncertain hand on Dean’s arm.

But the eyes Dean turned up to him were shuttered, and all he said was, “I need to feed.”

Oh. Right.

Sam didn’t think he’d be able to perform with Dean so detached, but it turned out that it wasn’t a problem. All Dean had to do was let the siren song loose and they were good to go.

Dean relaxed a little once Sam was inside him. His eyes closed as he let himself get lost in the sensations, and his hands and legs came up to pull Sam closer. When Sam tried to reach his brother’s mind again, though, he found that wall staunchly in place, mended and reinforced with barbed wire.

He came with a sob that he muffled in Dean’s shoulder, and then pulled out gently. He reached for Dean, who was still hard and needing, and Dean rolled away. Climbed awkwardly out of the bed and went into the bathroom.

Sam was still awake, his pillow damp with his tears, when his brother came out an hour later. Dean went straight to his own bed, rolled onto his side, and was still.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
After almost an entire year of not speaking with Dean except to wonder whether they were after a zombie or a revenant, or to ask him to pass the salt, Sam was beginning to wonder if he was ever going to get his brother back.

In Charlotte, North Carolina, while they were hunting what seemed to be the vengeful spirit of a Civil War-era soldier, Sam became concerned that Dean might shatter apart irreparably. The spirit was targeting children, and the death toll over the years had been staggering. Not wanting to expose his brother to that kind of grief, Sam suggested that he interview some of the bereaved on his own. Dean told him to stop being an emotional fuckwit and get in the goddamned car.

It was the most he’d said directly to Sam about something non-case-related in months.

One of the last parents they questioned on that first day was Tracy Cabot: a single mother who had lost her son, David, almost seven years ago. Tracy’s four-year-old daughter Harriet was still very much alive, however, and Dean couldn’t seem to take his eyes off her. Sam wasn’t surprised—he’d seen his brother do the same thing every time they came across a young, smiling girl for about a year now—but he was a little nervous about Tracy’s reaction. Dean had gotten into a scuffle with one overprotective father (if you counted getting punched and skulking away a ‘scuffle’), and several mothers had threatened to call the police.

While Dean was busy discussing the merits of various Pokémon characters with Harriet, Tracy pulled Sam aside and he thought, here it comes. 

Instead of telling them to leave and never come back, however, Tracy asked, “How long ago did he lose his daughter?”

Sam blinked, startled, and then turned his gaze on his brother. Dean was smiling as he walked around the living room with a giggling Harriet attached to his leg, but it was a brittle expression. Sam’s chest gave that slow, dull ache that he was all too familiar with these days.

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said anything,” Tracy said, still in that hushed, pitying tone.

“No,” Sam managed. “No, it’s fine. We, uh, we don’t really talk about it.” He paused to do the math in his head and then answered, “Eleven months.”

Tracy rested her hand on Sam’s arm. “It’ll get better,” she promised, and then asked them to stay for dinner.

Dean spent the entire meal building statues out of his mashed potatoes for Harriet’s amusement. Afterwards, he dropped Sam off at the motel and drove away without a word. Sam gave his brother a few hours to brood before calling a taxi and going to collect him from the nearest bar.

Surprisingly, Dean wasn’t drunk when Sam brought him home: he seemed to have spent the night nursing a single Corona. He immediately headed into the bathroom to shower when they got back, and Sam stripped down to his boxers and climbed into bed. He was half-asleep when there was a dip in the mattress, and when blinked his way awake, it was to Dean sliding under the covers with him.

“Dean?” he murmured uncertainly. It had only been ten days since they’d last been together, which meant that it wasn’t time for Dean to feed yet. And Dean didn’t seem interested in sex.

Edging in close, he tossed one leg across Sam’s and rested his head on his chest. His arm came around and draped over Sam’s stomach. Sam lay there as quietly as he could, terrified that the slightest movement or sound would shatter the moment. Whatever this was, it felt fragile, and as easily destroyed as a butterfly wing.

For long moments, Dean was silent. Then he said, hoarsely, “I didn’t mean to.”

Sam didn’t have to ask what he was talking about. The pressing tension—the need to get this right, don’t screw it up, don’t hurt him—eased. He turned his head awkwardly to kiss Dean’s forehead. Pretended that he couldn’t see the tears streaking his brother’s cheeks.

“I know, Dean,” he murmured. “It’s okay.”

It wasn’t, not really. Not yet. But for the first time, Sam actually believed that it might be.