Attention Seeking
by MAGG5

Bored and frustrated mum Zoe craves attention, and gets it.

It was just after lunch, Zoe hadn't eaten much just a bowl of cereal, she was trying to loose a few pounds. She stepped out of her back door and into the tiny patio area between her kitchen and the neighbour's fence. The sun had finally made it over the roof of the house next door and the small paved corner between her kitchen and dining room was now a little sun trap. Her pale milky white skin glowed a bright white in the strong sunlight. The sun had already heated the concrete enough to make her feet uncomfortably hot, so she trotted quickly over to the white plastic chair, her large breasts and round bottom jiggling around in her little green bikini as she went.

She hated the fact she was so pale, and would try and work on a tan whenever she got the chance. "Just a little colour would be enough," she told herself, but she always compared herself to models and celebrities, and felt pale, short, overweight and past it by comparison. She wasn't of course, her full, Marilyn-esq figure would be the desire of most men, if she hadn't got so used to hiding it. In the course of twenty plus years marriage and being a mum, she had forgotten her own sexuality. The kids were old enough to not need her undivided attention anymore, so with more free time, she had begun to rediscover herself.

It began with little things, like not wearing a bra around the house. Her sons didn't notice, but one or two of their friends definitely did. The first time she answered the door wearing just her thigh length dressing gown and a pair of slippers she got so excited she had to go and masturbate afterwards. The way the guy looked her up and down was such a turn on, and he kept her talking on the doorstep for so long she thought he was actually going to make a move on her.

Her desire and need for attention was growing, though she didn't recognise it. She had been wondering around the house and even doing the housework, naked for some time now, when the kids were out obviously. It was quite safe really, only the house next door overlooked her windows, and Charles, the elderly Afro-Caribbean man who lived next door, was such a nice sweet old man. Even if he could see her, he would never say anything, he was far too polite. To be honest, she quite liked the idea of him watching her, so she spent more time than perhaps she should have, naked or in her underwear, in view of his windows.

Zoe sat up straight on the plastic chair and using both hands pulled her mass of thick wavy dark red hair up into a ponytail. Then she raised her legs putting them out straight and her feet up on another chair. She sat back facing the sun as it shone down from above Charles' roof, adjusted her bikini and relaxed in the warmth.

Little more than ten minutes had past when she heard the window open. It was a tiny noise, but enough to make her open her eyes, just a little. She squinted up into the sun and saw the white PVC window opening wider and wider, but inside it was too dark to make anything out. She felt a sudden thrill tingle through her body at the thought of him watching her, like a cool breeze on naked flesh. Goosebumps rippled across her pale skin and she felt a sudden tightness in her breasts. She glanced down without moving her head and her face flushed with embarrassment at the sight of her large stiff nipples poking through her bikini top.

A long awkward moment past, her heart raced and she watched the window through narrow eyes, pretending not to have noticed, but searching for a sign he was there watching her. At last, the warm breeze caught the net curtain moving it to one side and she spotted what looked like a white shirt moving near the open window. Charles was always immaculately dressed in a shirt and tie, unlike Zoe who had lived in sweatpants and T shirts for the last ten years or so. Again she felt a tremor of excitement run through her body. Things had suddenly got a bit more serious. Where previously she had played with the idea of him watching her, she had never known for certain. But now, by opening that window, he had made it clear, was he trying to tell her? Encourage her? Or did he just want a clearer view? And what about her, did he know she knew? Should she show him? Was it a mistake to take things further?

She reclined on the chair, pretending to be dozing in the sun, but arguing with herself about what, if anything, she should do. Her head was telling her to just go back in the house, defuse the situation, don't let a little fun get out of control. Her body however, well she wanted it, she wanted it a lot. It had been more than three years since she last had sex, and there was no sign that was going to change, unless she did something about it and took opportunities, wherever she found them. "No, don't be stupid," she screamed at herself "I'll go back inside." She convinced herself and she slipped her feet off the other chair. Then, despite herself, she pulled her heels up close and let her legs fall open, her knees wide apart. Her most intimate place hidden from the world, and her neighbour, by nothing more than a narrow strip of stretchy green material.

Again she felt a thrill as she opened her legs wide, giving her neighbour a good look at her panties. She peeked down the length of her body through squinting eyes, her large soft breasts hanging to the sides as she reclined, beyond them, just over the slight hill of her belly she could just see her green bikini bottoms pulled tight against the mound inside and on either hip, the bows keeping them tied in place. She didn't know what the fuck she was doing anymore, almost on autopilot as she slid forward down her chair until her bottom reached the edge, her hands gripped the little plastic arms and she felt her hips squirming ever so slightly as her pussy throbbed with excitement. She looked up at the window, no longer pretending to be asleep, praying she hadn't gone too far or that he had gone and was oblivious to her desperate actions.

There was no sign of the old man, the window was still open, the curtain flapping gently in the breeze, but all seemed quiet. After a minute or so, she began to feel stupid and embarrassed, he had gone and she had made a fool of herself. Zoe was about to go inside and hide, forever, when she heard a sound just the other side of the fence panel beside her. A moment later Charles' white haired head appeared, closely followed by his shoulders, and he peered down at her over the fence. The two of them stared at each other in silence for a long awkward moment. Zoe sat petrified in the chair, things were well and truly getting out of her control now. There was no going back, but she was too scared to go forward, so she sat, waiting for any clue what to do. She watched the old man as he leaned on her fence with one arm and looked her up and down. His other arm hanging out of site down behind the fence panel, then she realised, he was masturbating. Stroking himself as he watched her.

Still no one spoke, the hot thick air seemed to smoother all sound but her heart beat as Zoe leaned back on the cheap plastic garden furniture and displayed herself to the elderly neighbour. She felt sure it was her move, her turn to edge closer to the precipice and as soon as she thought it, her hands released their tight nervous grip on the chair arms and moved, without a thought, up to her chest. Her fingers delicately hooked under the material stretched across her breasts and pulled it to the sides. Her large pale globes flowed free and covered the green triangles, pinning them under their weight. She took a deep breath, her chest heaving, her breasts wobbling gently, her pink puffy nipples hard and erect at the centre.

Charles grinned at her from above the fence panel, then, after watching her breasts for a moment, he reached out his hand and with a wave beckoned her over. Without a thought Zoe got to her feet and approached the fence. As soon as she was close enough Charles reached out and grabbed her tits. His dark, rough fingers pressing deep into her soft pale flesh. Squeezing and groping, first one breast then the other. He seemed surprised somehow, that she was letting him play with her in this way, like any moment she would come to her senses and this opportunity would be gone. He was going to make the most of it and his fingers roamed quickly and at will, finally finding her large pink nipples, pinching, rolling and pulling on them so hard her breast lifted into the air.

"Aaaahh..." Zoe whimpered uncontrollably, so Charles did it again. "Aaaaahhh..." she whimpered, over and over as he teased her hard pink bullets with his thick black fingers. She reached out and grabbed the top of the fence with both hands to steady herself. Her nipples sent bolts of electric pleasure arcing through her body, each one earthing between her thighs making her pussy throb. She looked up at the old man as he toyed with her, pushing her chest out, encouraging him to enjoy her soft white breasts.

Suddenly, he was gone. Zoe stood alone by the fence, a little dazed and confused. She could hear noises coming from the other side of the fence and it began to move. So she took a step back,and just stood, waiting and panting slightly. Then the fence began to rise, sliding up inside the concrete posts at either end of it until it was clear of them. Charles quickly propped the panel against a post, then reached through the gap and took hold of Zoe's wrist. He pulled her into his garden through the gap in the fence and she stepped over the concrete panel at the bottom of the fence obediently, without saying a word. He lead her into his house and she followed in a daze, her mind not her own, her breasts still hanging out of her bikini and swaying gently as she walked behind her elderly neighbour, through his kitchen, up his stairs and into his bedroom.

The old man turned and sat on the edge of his bed. "Come here my beauty," he said in his rich accent as he pulled her close, wrapped his arms around her waist and planted his mouth firmly on her left nipple. He sucked it into his mouth hard, his strong arms squeezing her tight against him, one hand between her shoulder blades, the other wrapped around her hip, and his mouth devoured her big soft tits. His lips and tongue were all over them, sucking, licking and nibbling. He buried his face between them, sinking into the pale yielding flesh as if trying to suffocate himself.

His fingers found the knot holding her bikini in place and pulled on the string. The top fell onto his bedroom floor. Then, keeping one arm around her waist at all times, as if he feared she would escape, he pulled the bows from her hips, and her panties fell to the floor as well. Zoe gazed down at the old mans dark wrinkly head, watching him as he drank in the sight of her milk white belly and ran his fingers through her soft dark curls. He pushed them deeper, between her thighs and they grazed her delicate pink folds.

Her full throbbing lips parted easily at his touch and her wetness coated his fingers. "Aaaaahhh..." Zoe gasped, and the old man looked up at her, rubbing his wet fingers together slowly. Then he grinned at her, and pushed fingers between her thighs, and her wet lips, and deep inside her. "Aaaaarrrggh fuck..." she gasped again, her knees turning to jelly and her legs almost giving way underneath her. She grabbed his shoulder to steady herself and he began fingering her, his arm still clamped around her waist, holding her tight. His mouth found her breasts again and he sucked her hard nipple into it as his palm rubbed her clit and his fingers probed deep inside her.

"Ohh my goooo..." Zoe whimpered, her head spinning, her orgasm building so so quickly, flooding through her body, overpowering her. She squirmed in his grip, rubbing herself against him. "Aaaahhh fuck yes... yes..." she moaned "aaaaahhh... aaaaaahhhh... aaaaaaarrrrrgghhh!" she cried out, her body quivering as the old man brought her to a shuddering orgasm.

At last he released his grip and Zoe staggered back a few steps, her trembling body still recovering from overpowering spasms of pleasure. Before the fog in her brain could clear, Charles guided her to the bed and sat, then lay, her down with her knees at the edge. He stood over her, his legs either side of her thighs, and took hold of her wrists. Leaning forward he raised her arms above her head and pinned them there as he bent down and pressed his lips against hers. She responded, and her lips parted, their tongues twisting together passionately as they kissed. Then he pulled away and looked down at her.

"I have wanted you from the moment I saw you miss Zoe," he said a smile on his white whiskered face "and you began to torture me, teasing me through your windows. Making me so hard for my milky milf next door neighbour." Zoe could feel herself going red, she was laying naked, pinned to his bed, having just cum on his hand, but still she blushed. "Now I see, you were looking for attention, my attention?" he asked. Zoe just stared up at him open mouthed, breathing heavily. "Or was it any attention, I'm the lucky one?" Her reaction gave her away, she couldn't hold his stare and turned her head to the side. "I don't mind, he continued, "I'm happy to be of service, and I have wanted to eat you for so long..."

He released her wrists, grabbed her thighs and pushed them wide apart as he dropped to his knees between them. Her wet lips opened for him and he leaned close, breathing in her warm scent for a moment before he opened his mouth wide and sucked her dark delicate folds inside. "Aaaahhh...." Zoe whimpered, her fingers gripping the bedding, her back arching as he ate her. His lips sucking and caressing, his tongue probing beep inside. His fingers found her breasts again, reaching up from between her thighs as he ate her, pulling on her nipples, rolling and pinching them as his mouth and tongue worked on her pussy. "Oooohhh god... aaaahhh... aaahhh..." Zoe moaned and squirmed on his bed.

"This is what you wanted?" Charles asked, lifting his head "you just want to cum?"

"Ahaa..." Zoe half whimpered, half confessed.

"You don't care who, even the old guy next door will do?.. As long as you get it... You want me to fuck you?" He planted his lips against her clit again, sucking it into his mouth and swirling his tongue round and around on it as his fingers pulled on her tits.

"Aaaahhh... yes...yes..." she gasped.

"Yes what miss Zoe?" he asked, clearly enjoying watching her squirm, "tell me what you want."

"I... I..." she stammered "I want you to fuck me."

"You want? or you need, I think you need it, I think you would beg for it..."

"Oh pl... please Charles..."

"Come on my naughty slut milf next door, if you want me to satisfy you..."

"Please Charles... please fuck me..." Zoe whispered.

"Still teasing me..." The old man said and strong fingers suddenly gripped Zoe's hip, flipping her over onto her tummy, dragging her back so that her soft round white bottom curved over the edge of the bed. A firm hand between her shoulder blades pushed Zoe down into the bed and suddenly, smack... smack... smack... SMACK. Blows rained down on her bottom, making her cheeks wobble and sting.

"Aaaaaaaaarrrghhh nooooooo..." Zoe cried out as the old man spanked her, kicking her feet and pulling at the bedding. Then his fingers pushed between her throbbing cheeks and down, over her tight little hole, between her lips and deep inside her pussy again. "oooohhh my god.... ooohh you bastard..." she whimpered, squirming and wriggling on the bed. His hand was quickly pulled from her gaping pussy and, smack... smack... smack...

"Aaaaaahhhh... fuck... ooohhh my god.... aaahhh... ooohhh...ooohhh...." Zoe cried and whimpered, her hips wriggling on the edge of the bed as he spanked her big soft bottom. Her cheeks turning pink then a fine rosie red blush as they got hotter and hotter. Then he pushed his hand between her ass cheeks and started to finger her again, this time his thumb toyed with her tight little hole for a moment as well, then eased inside. "Aaaaahhhh... ooooohhh my god... oh please.. please Charles..."

"Please what?" She was squirming on his hand now, wriggling on the bed, trying to work his fingers into her more and more, desperate to feel him inside her, fucking her, using her. He had her, and he knew it.

"Please Charles, please fuck me... please fuck me." she begged breathlessly, writhing naked face down on the old mans bed. The old man slid his hand down her back as he sank to his knees between her legs again. Taking a big handful of each hot red ass cheek and pulling them apart he pushed his face between them and drive his tongue into her tight little hole. "Aaaaaaarrghh... ooooohh god..." she moaned, squirming her ass on his face as his hand pushed into her pussy, spreading her lips wide and stretching her. "Ohhh god... what he fuck... what.... aaaahhhh... stop..." she gasped feeling her cunt stretching around his hand and thinking he was going to put it all the way inside her.

Suddenly he got to his feet, grabbed her knee and rolled her back over so she lay on her back, legs wide apart over the edge of the bed. Zoe lifted herself onto her elbows and watched as he began unfastening his trousers. First the belt, then the button at the waist and finally the zip, he slid them and his underpants down and his hard cock burst free.

"Oh my gooo..." Zoe gasped, seeing his thick shaft for the first time. It was about the same length as her ex husbands dick, seven inches, they measured it once, but was easily twice the girth. The thick black shaft stood upright and so hard, veins bulging from it's sides and a glossy wetness smeared over the pinkish black head. It twitched and pulsed as it poked through his shirt, as if it was going to launch his seed at her any second.

The old man didn't strip off, he let his pants fall around his feet, then picked up Zoe's legs, Folding them back over her body and wide apart, opening her pussy wide. Then he moved close and as the two of them watched, he guided his dark fat swollen cock head to her lips and started to ease it inside.

"Oh god... oh god..." Zoe panted, watching in awe as her lips and pussy stretched around his girth, opening wide for his magnificent cock. It was the ugliest and the most erotic cock she had ever seen, and even now, as he entered her, with her cheeks still stinging and tears running from her eyes, she could feel her second orgasm growing inside her.

"Aaaahh yes... oooohhh fuck yes..." Charles whispered to himself, watching intently as his thick black shaft slid deeper and deeper inside his slutty milf next door neighbour's soft pink pussy. He pressed it deeper and deeper inside her, both of them moaning and panting, until his short curly black and white pubic hairs around his cock and huge fat ball sack, pressed against her gaping cunt. He looked up and their eyes met, he couldn't help grinning and Zoe gazed at him with a desperate pleading expression.

"Please Charles, please fuck me." She whispered.

"Yes miss Zoe." he answered, still grinning and pulled his cock almost all the way out of her, before plunging it back inside, then again, and again, slowly at first, but building. Zoe fell back on the bed, her fingers clawing at the covers, moaning and squirming in his arms as his thick black cock pumped in and out of her, faster and faster, her orgasm about to explode through her. Suddenly she felt him throbbing inside her. "Uuuurrrghhh... uuuurrghhh.... uuuurrrghh oooohhh yeahhhh..." He grunted as his thick cock spat jet after jet of his old man seed deep inside his neighbours womb. He climbed onto the bed, Pushing Zoe's legs even further over her, folding her in half with her legs wide, her cunt thrust upward, and all his weight bearing down through his thick cock driving it deep inside her as he came again and again.

"Aaaaahhh... aaaaahhh.... fuck yes... yes..." Zoe gasped, desperately wriggling underneath him, grinding her clit against his pelvis, feeling him throbbing inside her and whimpering as she came for a second time. Her quivering body convulsing beneath his with every pulse of overwhelming pleasure that flooded through her.

Spent, they both collapsed, having somehow made their way to the middle of the bed, wrapped in each others arms, breathless and happy, they fell asleep. Zoe woke, feeling cold, one look out the window at the low sun on the houses over the road, told Zoe it was late and she had slept for hours.

Charles was on the bed next to her, fast asleep, face down on the bed, his trousers still around his ankles, his shoes still on and his little black bottom peeking from under his crisp white shirt. She carefully removed his shoes then his pants and pulled the covers up from the end of the bed over him. She picked up her bikini and went to the bathroom where she cleaned herself up and put the bikini back on. She left quietly, the way she had come in. Sneaking up the stairs in her own house, she could hear her son, back from work, in his room. She crept past his open door and into her bedroom.

She quickly removed her bikini and threw on a dress, pausing for a moment to look at herself in the mirror. She could still feel him inside her, stretching her, and her pussy still pulsed gently from his sex. Her bottom was still quite pink, and tingled a bit like sunburn when she touched it. She pictured the old man next door spanking her, with his thick black cock thrusting from his crisp white shirt, and felt an instant thrill inside. Then she went downstairs and started on the dinner.
