Mindy at the Health Club

It had been about a week since Mindy's adventure at the lingere store. Even though things had gotten out of control, and she was seen naked by dozens of people, she had enjoyed it, and was starting to experience urges for another "accidental exposure". All day she tried to come up with a new scheme in which she could lose her clothes in public. She had already done the beach, the street outside her building, and a clothing store. She wanted a new challenge. She wanted to expose herself to a new set of circumstances (and people). 

She had trouble coming up with anything creative, so to clear her mind, and take out a little frustration, she went to her health club, and did a full aerobics workout in a power level class. After a 45 minute session, she was very relaxed, and a little worn out. She went to the women's locker room and took a shower. When she returned to her locker, wearing only a towel wrapped around herself, she noticed an envelope sticking out of the slot between her locker door and the door frame. She removed the envelope and opened it. It was a notice informing her that her dues were not paid up, and she would have only 5 days to comply, or her membership would be revoked.

"No way!" she said out loud, staring at the letter in disbelief. "I always pay my bills on time. This has to be a mistake." She started to walk towards the door of the locker room, with the intent on going to the front desk and complaining to a manager. She took about 5 steps and then stopped. 

"Ooops!" she said, suddenly realizing that she was only wearing a towel. Then she got an idea. If she were to walk out there like this, and act really pissed off about the letter, it may not seem too bizarre that she was out in the main lobby of the club in a towel. After all, they had left the letter for her while she was in the shower. It should be conceivable that she would be angry enough to just storm out of the locker room and demand an explanation for this obvious error. Then, while ranting and raving, and waving the letter about as she spoke, her towel could conceivably come loose and drop off, leaving her in her shower sandals and earrings. She smiled a little to herself as she thought about it.

"But wait, I haven't really planned this out…" she thought to herself. "But I soooo need this right now. What could possibly go wrong?" She convinced her self, and then smiled again, and walked towards the door. A few women watched curiously as this cute, buxom, towel clad brunette with her hair in a ponytail walked towards the door to the hallway.

"Honey, that's gonna lead you out into the hall…" a woman said as Mindy pulled the door open and stepped out. The hallway was empty at the moment. She would have to walk down this hallway to the end, about 100 feet, then past the racquetball courts, up a flight of stairs, through the small health food cafeteria, down another hallway, and into the main lobby. 

Mindy looked down at herself. The wet thin towel clung to every curve on her body. It felt a little heavy on her. She knew that because it was so wet and heavy, it would drop like a rock if it loosened. She took a deep breath, and set out. As she walked down the hall, a few people passed her, looking at her, but saying nothing… it wasn't THAT odd to see a woman in a towel at a health club. Mindy enjoyed the looks she got, more so from the women, actually, than from the men. 

She passed by the racquetball courts and went up the stairs. She walked through the door to the cafeteria. As it was just before lunch time, there were 6 people there, 4 women and 2 men. All eyes were on her as she walked through the room in her wet, skimpy, white towel. Mindy walked with her arms at her sides. She was walking at a quick, determined pace, fully playing the part of an unhappy health club member. Her large breasts bounced quite a bit under the towel while she walked this quickly, causing the towel to loosen it's hold around her. About a third of the way through the room, she realized that after 2 or 3 more steps, the towel would drop. She felt a sudden rush of excitement at the prospect of giving the cafeteria patrons a "preview" of what was to occur in the lobby. 

"OK girl… just let it drop and act like it's an accident." she though to herself. She kept walking, one, two three, four more steps. The corner that was folded underneath came untucked. The towel started to fall away from her as she took her fifth step. She gave her breasts a quick shake to hasten the towel's decsent. It dropped to her feet. She gasped a little, but took anther step or two past it, then gasped loudly. 

"OHMIGOSH!" she said out loud, and put the hand not holding the letter to her mouth. She looked down at her self. "I'm naked!" she exclaimed. She stood for a few seconds to let everyone get a good look at her. Her heart was pounding, and she was starting to feel really warm all over. Everyone was looking at her naked body, and she was loving it, because she was in control of the situation. After a few more seconds, she used the letter to cover her neatly trimmed bush, and covered her left breast with the other hand. She walked back to her towel. Acting embarrassed was easy, because she truly was very embarrassed by being naked in front of all these strangers! She quickly picked up the towel and wrapped it back around herself as she walked quickly out of the room. 

In the hallway, she was smiling widely and breathing heavily. 

"That was such a rush!" she said aloud, breathlessly. "Gosh that was fun!" She felt a little more confident walking to the lobby, now that her cafeteria experiment had gone off without a hitch. (Or without a stitch, she thought, and laughed out loud.) 

She continued down the hall to the door that entered into the lobby. She took a deep breath and slightly loosened her towel. Then she opened the door, and walked through. The lobby was a large atrium style room. It had a front desk, where members and guests sign in upon entering the facility. The desk was staffed by 3 attractive women. There were several other people in the lobby at the moment Mindy walked in. Mindy also noticed several large fans running, as the air conditioning was not working today. She boldly strode up to the desk, trying to hide her excitement, and act like a disgruntled member. All three women behind the desk looked up at her as she started to speak.

"I was just in the shower, and when I got out, I found this letter in my locker!" Mindy waived it around in front of them, shaking her breasts slightly as she did so. She could feel the towel start to lose its grip. "This is an outrage! My account can simply not be past due! There must be some mistake!"

"OK ma'am. Please calm down…" said a cute blond, whose nametag ready TORI. "Let's look up your account on the computer…"

"I don't need some computer to tell me that I pay my bills on time!" Mindy continued to rant and rave, still shaking the letter in the girls' faces. "I came out here as soon as I read this, because this is so outrageous! I need to get it straightened out right away!" Other people in the lobby began to watch Mindy as she started to raise her voice. Aside from the three girls at the desk, there were 4 guys who had signed in, and were now watching from about 20 feet away, 3 other women who stopped to watch on their way to an aerobics class, 2 other female and 2 male employees of the health club, who had come out of an office to see what the ruckus was about, and a married couple who had an appointment with the manager to discuss membership.

"What is your name, ma'am?" Tori asked. 

"Mindy Thayer!" Mindy shot back, acting annoyed. Mindy noticed that one of the fans was really close to her, and it was blowing the towel up a bit in back, further exposing the backs of her bare thighs. Mindy inched back a little closer to it. It was helping to loosen the towel.

"OK Miss Thayer, I show that your account is $30 past due. We have yet to receive your dues from last month."

"Listen, Tori, I mailed a check to you 3 weeks ago for that amount!" Mindy violently pointed her finger at the girl. The towel started to really loosen up. "If you are gonna stand there and …" Mindy started to walk around the side of the desk, in hopes of causing the final jiggling needed to lose the towel. There was, however, a large metal device, a box, that impeded Mindy's progress. She noticed it a little too late, and stubbed her toe on it, causing her to pitch forward a bit. She went to catch herself from falling by placing her hands on top of the large metal box. Her left hand actually landed on something that felt like a button, and pushed in when her weight was on it. Mindy heard an electronic motor start to whine, and suddenly felt her towel pull tight for a second across her breasts, as the bottom corner of it was pulled through a slot in the the top of the device. It was a large paper shredder! 

Mindy came to that realization just as the towel was pulled completely off of her. She watched in dumbstruck horror as the last of the towel was pulled through the blades. It took exactly 1.5 seconds for the machine to completely shred the towel.

"OHMIGOSH!" Mindy exclaimed. She stepped back from the machine and dropped her letter. Both her hands went up to her mouth in shock. The 3 girls behind the desk all gasped when the towel got pulled into the shredder, and now began to giggle. 

"Oh my…" Mindy said, quickly looking around. She could hear laughing and gasping coming from the 16 other people in the lobby. She was so shocked by what had just happened, though, that she forgot where she had come in. She began to panic. She dropped one hand between her legs, and sort of half covered one breast with her other hand, and started to back away from the desk, further into the lobby. She looked around frantically for an exit. She saw a door on the far side of the lobby and ran to it. Her shower sandals slapped loudly on the cold, tiled floor as she ran. She got to the door and pulled it, but it was locked. 

"Oh No!" she said, and ran to the next door, this time covering nothing. This door came open, and without looking, she went through it…

…and found herself standing in front of an all male aerobics class! All 15 guys started to cheer as soon as they saw her. 

"Oh GOD!" she cried out. She covered herself with her hands as best as she could. She gave a quick look around for something to cover up with, but saw nothing. Then she turned her back, and naked fanny, to the class, and tried to open the door, but it was locked!

"I have got to get out of here!" she thought, and quickly turned and ran to the back of the room and through another door with a large red EXIT sign above it, past several very admiring men. Once again, she ran through the door without looking first. In her haste, she had failed to notice a second door, which would have lead to the hallway that the women's locker room was off of.

Instead, she found herself outside of the building in an alley. As she realized this, the door clicked shut and locked behind her. She was about to start pounding on the door, but the thought of going back into a room full of men in only her earrings and sandals was not appealing. 

"OK, I'll have to make a break for it down the street and get back inside through the front." she said, and looked up the alley towards the street. The health club was downtown, on 6th Ave, and it was just about lunch hour! Several people and cars passed by the small opening between the buildings about 50 feet away from her.

"Oh Lord!" she said. She took a deep breath and started to walk quickly down the alley to the busy street. She decided she just would not make any eye contact with anyone. As she neared the end of the alley, she started to run. She opted not to cover anything as she ran, as that would just slow her down. She ran out onto the sidewalk and was instantly facing about 30 fully dressed, and now very shocked people. She averted her eyes quickly and pushed her way through the throng of business people towards the main entrance. One woman actually grabbed Mindy's fanny as she passed her.

"Oh!" Mindy exclaimed, and looked at the woman, who smiled and winked. She was a really pretty brunette in a nice suit. Mindy tried to continue on, but the woman grabbed her by the arm. Mindy stopped and turned to face her. 

"What's your rush?" the woman said, and grabbed Mindy by the shoulders and planted a long, deep kiss on her lips. 

"Mmmmphh!" Mindy tried to protest, but it was all over in a second or two, and the woman disappeared into the crowd. Mindy kept going, now in total shock. It took another 20 seconds to get to the door. She pushed it open and ran back through the lobby. The 3 girls at the desk started to laugh and point as she ran past. She went back down the hall.

"Oh NO! The Cafeteria!" she said. It would be full now, being lunch hour. Mindy covered her self with her hands and went through the cafeteria door. It was full of people, at least 50 or 60. She streaked through, quickly, hearing several shouts and generally rude comments. She made it back to the locker room.

She sat in front of her locker and caught her breath. She composed herself as best as she could, and got dressed. As unbelievably embarrassing as the whole thing was, it was over in less than 5 minutes, but she had been seen naked by well over 100 people. 

As Mindy closed her locker and prepared to leave, she smiled a little bit as she thought of the really cute brunette woman on the street who kissed her. 

As she walked out of the locker room and out the back door to the parking garage she thought, 

"Next time, I have got to be more careful."
