The Story of Jenny - Part 7 

Double Trouble, Double Fun (F/MF spank)

"Jenny! This is Brandelin," said the voice over the telephone, "do you remember me?"

"Brandeeee!  I haven't talked to you in years!  Where are you?" Jenny asked.

"I'm getting transferred here for my job," Brandelin replied.  "So I'm here on a two-week house hunting trip."

"Are you still with, uh, I can't remember his name..."

"Oh good heavens no.  I ran off with that jerk and then was sorry immediately.  Never ended up with a jerk since then.  I've had some... interesting relationships in the meantime.  We've got to get together and catch up - how about over here at the hotel?  There's a pretty good dining room here."

"That sounds good.  When are you free?"

"The sooner the better," Brandelin said.  "Can you come today?"

Jenny was a few minutes late, so they went directly to the dining room and started in on a leisurely repast.  Brandelin wanted to share a full bottle of claret, and Jenny assented.  "I seem to remember, Brandy Lynn [as Jenny affectionately called Brandelin sometimes], that wine really loosens you up.  Is that still true?"

A slight, almost embarrassed smile from Brandelin.  "Yessss...  I kinda get uninhibited and say what's really on my mind," She giggled.

And so it went, the two friends bringing each other up to date on their lives, jobs, and families, punctuated with moments of uproarious laughter as the wine loosened Brandelin's inhibitions.  The topic finally got around to the more intimate and personal subjects.

"Oh Jenny," Brandelin gushed, "I've got to tell you something."  Lowering her voice and reaching over and giving Jenny's hand a squeeze, she implored, "Don't think badly of me.  Promise?"

Jenny brought Brandelin's hand close to her chest, gave a squeeze, looked directly into her friend's almost misty eyes, and replied, "Now, Brandy Lynn, I don't want you holding back anything.  Tell me!"  Jenny released Brandelin's hand and gave her time to compose herself.

"Jenny, now this may sound weird, and if you don't want to talk about it, I'll understand.  It's something I can't help."  Then, losing her nerve, she said, "No... No, some other time."

Jenny, with a stern look, in a scolding voice, said, "Barbara Brandelin, if you don't tell me, I'm going to give you a good sound paddling!"

Brandelin drew in her breath, quickly put her hand up to her mouth in surprise, and looked at Jenny with huge eyes.  "Jenny!" she exclaimed, then lowered her voice to a whisper, "I'm into spanking.  What made you say that?"

Surprised, Jenny said, "I don't know, it just came out.  Are you into getting spanked, or giving spankings?"

"Well, both.  A couple of relationships I was in, they wanted me to spank them, so I did.  And then I found out I wanted to experience them too.  But you know, I haven't done it, either way, for quite a while.  Giving a good paddling is a great stress reliever."  Raising her voice excitedly, she continued, "I'D SURE LIKE TO GIVE A GUY A GOOD HARD SPANKING!"

"Shhhhh!" Jenny admonished as some of the other diners looked their way, having obviously overheard Brandelin's proclamation.

"Tee-hee-hee!" Brandelin giggled, then dissolved in embarrassed laughter as she realized what she had done.  Jenny couldn't help laughing as well, and decided to enjoy their momentary spotlight from her friend's remarks.

Brandelin went on to describe some of her past spanking adventures.  She related how she likes to give paddlings and hairbrush spankings, using, as she termed it, the "wood instruments".  She mentioned that she also has some proficiency with the leather strap, but much prefers to use paddles and the hairbrush.  "When I use the paddle, or the hairbrush, for that matter, I can play the guy like a fine violin," she boasted.  "The 'spanking symphony', or the 'paddle concerto' always goes just the way I want it to.  I have some sort of connection with the wood that the strap doesn't give.  I suppose I should have some more practice with the strap sometime."

"What about being on the receiving end?" Jenny asked.

"I've given many more than I've gotten.  Almost all of the spankings I've gotten have been with the hairbrush or the strap.  But you wanna know something, I've never gotten a spanking from a girl.  Sometimes I wonder what it would be like."  There was a significant pause.

Jenny immediately got an idea of a scenario, although she did not mention any details to her friend.  Instead, Jenny described in detail how she got into the scene, and talked about some of her sessions.  She got a feeling of satisfaction when she noticed that Brandelin appeared to be getting aroused.  Now it's time, Jenny thought to herself, to close in for the kill.  Looking at her watch, she exclaimed, "Ooh, look at the time.  It's getting late and I'd better leave soon.  But I want you to think about something.  If you want to participate in spanking this weekend, let me know by tomorrow.  I may be able to arrange something so that you can give some spankings."

"Jenny, I'd love to!  Count me in!" Brandelin answered with delight.

"Okay, I'll call you tomorrow and let you know where and when!"

They finished up dessert, split the tab, and said their good-byes, complete with warm hugs.

Jenny had arranged for her boyfriend to be at her house at mid-afternoon Saturday, and also told Brandelin to come by at 2 PM that day, so that she would have time to talk to her in person before anyone else arrived.

Brandelin showed up promptly at 2, and Jenny welcomed her with a hug.  Jenny made Brandelin feel at ease, and after a little while, poured two cordials of brandy.  As they raised their glasses Jenny offered, "To Brandy Lynn!"  They both giggled and downed the cordials.

"Okay, Brandy Lynn, here's the plan," Jenny began.  "First, you can give him a paddling.  I want to see how you operate.  Then We'll both spank him at the same time.  What I mean is, I'll give a swat, then you'll give a swat, and so on.  This will be a good hairbrushing over-the-knee.  Sound good so far?"

"Oooh, yeah!" was Brandelin's enthusiastic reply.

"Okay," Jenny continued.  "There's one condition.  I've never spanked another girl before.  So after you paddle him and we both give him a good hairbrush spanking, I want to give you a good spanking.  If you agree to that, you can participate.  Otherwise you can only watch.  What do you say?"

"You - you want to spank me too?"

"Sure!" replied Jenny, looking directly into Brandelin's eyes.  "The other night you mentioned that you've never gotten it from a girl, and you wanted to try, remember?  And what better time than now, and from a good friend?"

Brandelin looked down for a moment, then, meeting Jenny's eyes with hers, smiled, and assented.  "Okay, Jen.  What are you going to use on me?"

Jenny answered, "I haven't decided yet.  After it's over, you won't regret it, I assure you."  Then, with her hands on Brandelin's shoulders, Jenny pulled her close, and whispered, "I want your commitment now.  I want you to do whatever I tell you to, without question.  Okay?"

Brandelin simply nodded.

Jenny's boyfriend arrived, and Jenny performed introductions.

Jenny told him to fetch the oak paddle, two hairbrushes, the leather tawse, and the straight rattan cane.  "Brandy, how do you want him for his paddling?"

"Bent over the back of a chair.  This is bare-bottom, right?"

"Of course!  It's ALL bare-bottom."

"Do you want him completely undressed, or what?"

"For the paddle, I want him to have his pants down far enough to bare his bottom.  For the hairbrush, totally naked."

Jenny's boyfriend came back with the implements and placed them on the table.  Jenny strategically placed a dinette chair in the center of the room, and told him, "Brandy's going to give you a paddling while I watch.  Do everything she says."

"Come here!" Brandy ordered.  She unfastened his belt, unsnapped his jeans and undid the zipper.  Then she tugged his jeans and briefs down far enough to expose his bottom and his genitals.  "Whoaaaa, what's this!" she exclaimed.

"I have him keep himself completely shaved from the waist down, pubic hair, legs and all," Jenny clarified.  Brandelin, never having seen a male with shaved pubes, gazed in amazement as he became quickly erect.

"Wow, that's something else!" exclaimed Brandelin as she cupped his testicles with one hand and lightly stroked his throbbing erection with the other.  "Okay, get over that chair, and hold on tight!"

While he complied, Brandelin reached up and undid her ponytail, letting her shoulder-length hair hang freely.  Then she picked up the oaken paddle and admired it, feeling the smooth varnished texture, and studying the several holes drilled in it.  She approached the waiting male and measured her position with her extended arm.  Then, after a moment of focusing her attention on the smoothly shaved bared bottom of her charge, she commenced her performance.

Quite a performance it was.  The paddle made a loud "crack!" every time it made contact.  Brandelin seemed to be completely absorbed in her task, almost as if in a trance.  Each stroke was administered with a combination of grace, elegance, and remarkable effectiveness.  Keeping her eye on the target, she drew her arm far back in an extended arc, and propelled the paddle with steadily increasing speed toward the target of Jenny's boyfriend, who exclaimed loudly from each contact.  The precise timing of her strokes evoked the most sincere pleading for mercy.

Jenny regarded the scene with awe.  Brandelin was right about her skill in playing the punishment instrument and the male with finesse, Jenny thought to herself as she felt a tingling dampness between her legs.

After about thirty five strokes, Brandelin stopped.  With a broad smile, she turned toward Jenny and took a bow.

"God, Brandy, you're good!" exclaimed Jenny.  Telling her boyfriend that he could get up, she took the paddle from Brandelin and set it on the table.  Jenny served ice water in frosted glasses and the three of them conversed for a while.

"Okay, let's go on to the next phase," interjected Jenny.  "Brandy and I are going to give you a hairbrush spanking at the same time.  Brandy, come on and let's get situated."  She told her boyfriend to undress completely.

Jenny and Brandelin each moved a straight-backed armless chair facing each other in the center of the room and seated themselves.  Moving her chair toward Brandelin's, Jenny positioned herself so that her legs and Brandelin's legs intermeshed.  Brandelin's legs, from well above the knees on down, were in contact with Jenny's, thus forming a solid combined lap.  "Bring us two hairbrushes and get over our lap," Jenny commanded as she pulled Brandelin's skirt up to further bare her legs.  After he took his place, Jenny continued, "Okay Brandy, for every stroke that I give, you give him one.  I'll pause now and then."

Jenny delivered the first stroke.  Brandelin followed with a powerful stroke almost immediately.  "Auuuughh!" was his reaction at each of Brandelin's swats.  Jenny paused after giving ten swats, each one being mirrored by Brandelin with a graceful yet exquisitely powerful stroke.  This kept up for several sets of strokes, accompanied by the male's squirming and protesting.  After what was to Jenny's boyfriend an interminable hairbrush spanking, Jenny delivered an extended set of twenty strokes very rapidly, with Brandelin flawlessly following each one so that there was a steady rain of hairbrush swats.  After a moment of rest, they let him up for a break.

Jenny excused herself for a moment, emerging from the other room with a spreader bar with a chain on it, some wrist cuffs, and several binding straps. "Wow, Jenny, this is getting exciting," gushed Brandelin, unaware that she was squeezing her legs  together in excitement.  Jenny smiled, stood up on a chair and hooked one end of the chain to a strong hook that was anchored in the ceiling.

"Okay, Brandy Lynn, come on and step over here," directed Jenny.

Brandelin rejoined, "What?!!"

"Come on!  You made a commitment, remember?  Come over here!"

"What... what are you going to do?"

"I'm going to give you a spanking...  and him, too."  Jenny beckoned her to come.  Brandelin stood up and self-consciously stepped over to where Jenny was.  "Step out of your panties now," directed Jenny.  "Everything's on the bare bottom, remember?"  Brandelin reached under her skirt, tugged her panties down, and stepped out of them.  She looked at Jenny with a "what next?" expression.  Jenny had her boyfriend stand directly in front of Brandelin.  Then she directed both of them to extend their arms outward and grasp the other one's hand, palm-to-palm, and intertwine their fingers.  Jenny slipped wrist cuffs around each pair of wrists and attached them to the spreader bar.  She came up behind Brandelin, reached around and unbuttoned Brandelin's blouse and opened it up so that she was bare-chested.  

"Come closer together now you two, I want you belly-to-belly," Jenny directed.  When they were close enough to Jenny's satisfaction, she lifted up Brandelin's skirt from behind, so that she was bare-bottomed, and placed a binding strap around them both at the waist.  She tucked Brandelin's skirt up under the binding strap, pointed her boyfriend's raging boner downward so that it was nestled in the front part of Brandelin's skirt,  and tightened their bonds.  The male had to stand with his feet apart because he was a little taller than Brandelin.  Brandelin's thighs and legs were in delectable contact with his.  Jenny stepped back to admire the scene.  There was her boyfriend, totally naked, front-to-front with Brandelin, who was bare-chested, bare-bottomed, and bare-legged, with their hands together and wrists cuffed to a spreader bar.

"One more little thing," Jenny said to them.  "I'll be right back.  Don't go away!" she giggled.  

A few minutes later she returned and slipped a leather harness over their heads.  The harness was open-space and was meant to affix the position of their heads so that they had to remain face-to-face.  "I want you two to get to know each other," Jenny giggled as she tightened the harness so that their lips were almost touching.  Since the harness was open, they could see into one another's eyes.  A moment later, Brandelin gasped as she heard Jenny say, "I thought you'd be well lubed on your own down there," and then moaned as Jenny inserted something into her pussy.

Jenny had placed two hollow steel balls, each of which contained a smaller, solid ball, into Brandelin's pussy, and pushed them well up inside.  Every time Brandelin moved, the two balls would either strike one another and send shock waves of feeling through her innards, or they would tend to stir around, further exciting her.  Jenny took up the leather tawse and teased, "You've got the entire dance floor now, and no one will cut in!"

With that, she started what was to be a lengthy strapping session.  She whipped the tawse across the bared bottom of one of the duo, then walked around and gave the other one a powerful swipe.  Several times she gave one of them two or three rapid strokes in succession, doing likewise to the other one.  

Brandelin exclaimed with every stroke, while Jenny's boyfriend only cried out when Jenny gave him a particularly hard swipe, or gave him several in succession.

The session was an incredible turn-on to Jenny's boyfriend.  In spite of the pain of the energetic leathering of his bared bottom, his throbbing erection never subsided, and continued to press into the front of Brandelin's skirt.  Brandelin's wide-eyed exclamations, combined with her frantic movements when she felt the searing heat of the tawse, kept him rock-hard.  Their front-to-front physical contact, plus his seeing Brandelin's face at such close range and feeling her legs kick, brought him to the brink of ejaculation several times.  He knew that if he ejaculated, he would shoot his semen onto Brandelin's skirt, and he didn't think she'd appreciate that.  Jenny sensed his nearness to cumming, and wanted to push him over the brink.  She put down the tawse and picked up the straight rattan cane.

"And now, Miss Brandy Lynn," she said, sharply whisking the cane through the air several times, "here's a taste of the cane for you!"  Jenny applied several smart strokes of the cane across Brandelin's nether cheeks, each one immediately next to its predecessor.  The urgency with which Brandelin reacted, thrusting her front into that of her bound partner, served both to excite Jenny's boyfriend further and considerably enhance the pleasurable sensations within Brandelin herself from the vaginal balls.  Jenny stopped whipping as soon as Brandelin started to climax.  Jenny's boyfriend could hold on no longer, and spurted uncontrollably into the front of Brandelin's skirt, moaning and writhing as he squirted.

Jenny left them alone for a few moments to regain their composure, and then removed the binding strap that held them together, followed by the harness that was over their heads, and finally, the wrist cuffs.  "Oh God, Jen, I've never cum so hard in my life!" declared Brandelin when she was released from the wrist cuffs.  She extracted the steel balls from her pussy and declared, "I've got to get some of these."

Pointing to the massive wet spot on Brandelin's skirt, Jenny said, "Look what he did on your skirt, Brandy!  I think he should get some strokes of the cane for that, don't you?"

"Oh my gosh, look at all that cum!" Brandelin exclaimed when she looked downward at her skirt.  "Yes, I agree he should be punished for that!  May I do the honors?"

"By all means, Brandy," announced Jenny, handing the rattan instrument to Brandelin.

Brandelin grabbed him by the arm and marched him over to one of the chairs in the living room.  Pointing at the chair, she ordered, "You bend yourself over that chair right now!"  

Jenny quickly slipped out of her panties and lay back in a recliner with her legs spread and her fingers working her pussy.

Brandelin continued, "Bend over more.  I want your back to be level.  There.  Okay, now arch your back and stick out your bottom.  Like that.  I want you to stay with your bottom stuck out like that, or I'll give you three extra for every time you don't!"  Turning to Jenny, she asked, "How many should he get?  I'm thinking around fifteen."

"That's about right.  Make sure he keeps his bottom out there for you," Jenny replied, deftly working her fingers in and around her creamy pussy.

Brandelin positioned herself so that the tip of the cane extended well beyond the far side of the male's waiting bottom.  "Nasty boys who cum all over ladies' skirts get punished severely!  You're going to get a good caning, you naughty boy!"  Brandelin drew the cane back and whipped it hard.  The tip of the cane curled around and struck the especially sensitive part of the bottom, leaving a thin red stripe.

"Aaaahh!"  he immediately shouted when the cane left its mark.  Brandelin pressed her lips firmly together and gave another hard stroke.  "Owwwww!"  She continued.  When the count reached seven, he flinched and retracted his bottom.  "No!" shouted Brandelin.  "Keep your bottom out there!  Three extra!"  He tried his best, but couldn't keep still, and wiggled too much after the twelfth stroke.  "You did it again!  That's six extra. (*whack*) Thirteen...  (*whack*) Fourteen...  (*whack*) Fifteen.  Now stick out your bottom, you nasty boy, for the six extra!"

Jenny, finally obtaining release from the pent-up arousal from the afternoon's adventures, had one orgasm after another at the sight of Brandelin's whipping her boyfriend, and shamelessly moaned each time she climaxed.

Brandelin came to love the sound of the rattan as it whipped through the air on its way to the punished male's bared bottom.  She delivered the six extra strokes especially forcefully, evoking a loud shout from him with each one.

"Wow, Jenny, I haven't had such an exciting day in ages!" proclaimed Brandelin.  "Thank you for the wonderful time."  Turning to Jenny's boyfriend, she said, "And special thanks to you for enduring the spankings from me.  I hope Jenny will be real nice to you for that."

Jenny served more cool drinks and Brandelin freshened herself up and left.  Jenny looked at her boyfriend's striated bare bottom and commented, "She DID give it to you good!  Let's go in the bedroom and I'll put some cream on there and make it feel all better."  She took two full pillows and placed them in the center of the bed, and spread a towel on top of them.  "Okay, face down and relax, I'll go get the cream."  Tenderly, Jenny spread some soothing cream on her boyfriend's red bottom.  He reveled in her skilled touch.  Then she straddled him and massaged his lower back for a few minutes, then tantalizingly spread some cream around his back opening. 

She then applied a generous portion of the cream to the strap-on dildo that she had surreptitiously put on when she fetched the ointment.  Slowly, Jenny spread apart her boyfriend's nether cheeks and gingerly placed the tip of the strap-on against his back portal.  A little shove, and it was in about an inch.  He moaned, and she saw his erection harden.  Working it back and forth, she went in a little further with each thrust.

"Oh, Jenny! Jenny, that feels so good..."

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
