It isn’t like Bonnie’s afraid of storms. It’s just that storms with lightning are loud. And there are unexpected flashes of light, and booms of thunder that make the house shake and knock the dishes around in the kitchen, and the rain sounds really, really eerie pattering against the window like that. Like it’s knocking and asking to come in and wet the walls and the floor. Overhead, the lights are flickering alarmingly, and the system can pass by any time now.

“Hey.”

The voice comes from right behind her and she shrieks, jumping forward and trying to turn at the same time. Her right foot catches against her left and she starts to tip over—is going to fall against the island and bang herself up but good. Except she doesn’t fall—is wrapped in strong arms instead, and briefly held close before being righted and released with a brief rub of her arms.

“Sorry. You okay?”

“Dean,” she manages, her heartbeat only coming faster now that she knows who she’s with. “You—I—I didn’t hear you come in.”

“I was being noisy,” he says, and Bonnie can tell he thinks it’s the truth.

Maybe he forgot to compensate for the noise of the storm outside, but it’s more likely Bonnie’s human limitations that he didn’t factor into the equation. She isn’t sure how long the two of them were living on their own—Al Rieu claims it’s forever, but Bonnie’s seen the way Mr. Singer is with them and she thinks he knew them when they were young. However long they were away, though, it was more than enough time to forget just how blind and deaf and helpless people are.

Sam tosses timber around like he’s handling matchsticks—and not just normal sized boards for the walls and floors, but huge, supporting beams that take three men and a winch to haul into place if Sam’s too busy to help. Bonnie’s seen Dean run, and he moves like sunlight on water; here one moment and then gone the next. Neither of them need to be alerted when someone arrives at the farm—Bonnie suspected they were psychic until they got into an argument over whether Erin Clarkson’s ride was a four or six cylinder engine and she realized they could hear the approaching cars from miles away.

Dean’s eyes are green as he looks down at her: he’s hiding the way he usually does, unless he’s distracted enough to let his guard slip. Bonnie can’t decide whether she prefers Dean’s attempts to blend in or if she would rather he kept the constant reminder like Sam does. The green is lovely—almost supernatural in and of itself, if you ask Bonnie, but Erin actually did ask (Bonnie was there at the time; saw the embarrassed flush darkening Dean’s cheeks as he replied) and Dean says it’s his normal color. But it’s too easy to forget, when she’s looking at him like this. It’s too easy to wonder what he’d look like sprawled out on her bed and wearing a few less clothes.

Down girl, she tells herself as Dean moves past her to pull open the refrigerator door. It’s an antique model, serving as a stopgap measure until they can get something better in, and the engine starts coughing worrisomely almost immediately. Dean leans down, bracing himself with one hand on the door, and starts rooting around inside.

“What are you looking—”

His head comes up at the sound of her voice—nothing of a threat in the motion, just something clearly Other. The movement was too fluid—too quick—for the man he looks like on the outside.

And, just like that, Bonnie’s mild interest vanishes on a wave of awed unease.

Dean is a predator. He and Sam both are. Living with them is a foolish thing to do, when she knows next to nothing about what they’re like—what they eat. What they’re capable of doing when they’re in a bad mood. Dean’s eyes have gone golden, she notices, and they glint strangely as the overhead lights flicker from the storm.

And then the lights go out, leaving the kitchen draped in an inky darkness broken only by the surreal gleam of Dean’s eyes peering back at her.

It’s moments like this that remind Bonnie she has more to fear around here than a little bad weather.

“Generator should kick on in a minute,” Dean’s voice comes. It’s even softer than it normally is; gentle and almost hesitant, like he knows what she’s thinking.

He can’t, she reminds herself, but she can’t help taking a tiny, stealthy step backward.

“You don’t have to be afraid,” he says, still hushed. The eerie, twined glimmer fades, leaving the kitchen a complete blank, and Bonnie is certain that, if she could see, Dean’s eyes would be green again. “I’m not going to hurt you.”

“I know,” Bonnie agrees. She surprised to realize that she means it—and then startled again to realize that she feels sorry for him.

He’s always trying so hard to fit in: hiding his eyes, chumming around with the menfolk, masking his abilities whenever Sam isn’t around to bring them out. And he’s never been anything but kind to Bonnie, even though half the time she can’t help lusting after him. She knows that sort of thing makes him uncomfortable—she sees how he is around Erin and the other girls.

The lights come back on again with an unexpected flicker and Bonnie realizes it too late to dissemble. Not that it would have mattered anyway; she’s always been a terrible poker player.

Dean, on the other hand, could give the most gifted cardshark a run for his money. Still, from the quickness with which he turns back to the open fridge—careful even now to keep his speed closer to human, but clearly anxious to get his back turned to her—Bonnie can tell he doesn’t appreciate the sympathy.

And it’s silly, really. Someone like her feeling sorry for something so beautiful and wonderful and strong.

But some deeply buried instinct moves Bonnie forward anyway. She watches his shoulders grow tense as she approaches (doesn’t know if he’s listening to her footsteps or if he smells her) and stops when there’s still a respectable distance between them.

“So what are you looking for?” she asks again, keeping her voice light and cheerful.

There’s an awkward beat of silence and then he says, “I dunno. Something to eat.”

From the sound of the way he’s shifting things around on the shelves, he’s feeling more particular about what he wants than he’s admitting.

“Salty, bitter, sweet, sour?” she lists, trying to remember what she’s seen him eat at meals. Of course the only memory she can come up with right now is Sam hand feeding Dean a pepperoni-wrapped chunk of cheese. Serves her right for fixating on how pretty they are instead of what’s beneath the wrapping like she should have been.

“I dunno,” Dean says unhelpfully, but then, after shifting something else, he grudgingly adds, “Sweet,”

“We have some Rocky Road ice cream, I think. And there are oatmeal cookies in the cupboard.”

Dean makes dismissive little noises, but he’s relaxing into the conversation and that alone makes Bonnie feel like they’re getting somewhere. It’s the most she’s said to him since that night in the clearing and she isn’t sure, now, why she’s been so shy.

“We have some apples, I think,” she offers after a moment. “I could make apple crisp. Or, um, a pie, maybe?”

He pops up again at that, eyes gold but somehow not foreign. Bonnie used to see that hopeful, eager expression on her golden retriever Benji whenever she had something tasty that he wanted. Benji’s long gone, passed during Bonnie’s junior year of high school, but that expression still makes her laugh the way it always did.

“I guess that’s a yes,” she says, smiling.

“Oh, hell yes,” Dean answers, shutting the fridge and moving over to drop down onto a stool near the counter. “Can I help?”

It isn’t until she’s smacked his hand for the fourth time that Bonnie understands that ‘help’ actually means ‘get underfoot and steal spoonfuls of filling at every possible second’.

Outside, the storm rages as loudly and threateningly as ever, but as Bonnie slides the prepared pie into the oven, leaving mixing bowls and spoons for the living legend behind her to lick clean, she pays it no mind.