Chapter Two

	Gracie awoke the following morning feeling refreshed and ready to take on the world.  When she rolled over she saw that there was a single rose laying on the pillow next to her head.   Smiling softly she reached for the flower.
	Dare, I hope that smile is for me.  Rand asked from the open french doors.
	How did you get in here?  She asked as she scrambled to sit up.   Pulling the covers up around her, she noticed that he was freshly shaven.   Last night he had a dark shadow along his jaw.  
	Easy.  I just walked along the balcony until I reached your doors.   Rand said as he pushed off the doorframe.   
	Youre room is next to mine?  She squeaked.
	A little farther down, we just happen to share the balcony. Makes it much easier to see one another without the whole household knowing what is going on.  Sitting down on the edge of the bed he effectively trapped her against the headboard.
	What are you doing?  She asked, nervously.
	Greeting, my betrothed.   Leaning in he brushed his lips against hers gently.  As before the sparks flew between them.   She let out a small gasp.   He ran the tip of his tongue across her lower lip.    He felt her lower lip quiver.  As he explored further into her moist mouth, her arms came up from her sides to slowly wrap around his neck.  A groan ripped from his chest.   The heat was increasing.   But he wasnt ready yet for it to explode.   Easing back from the kiss, he nibbled on her lower lip.  Good morning, he whispered against her lips as he brushed another kiss across them.  The clearing of Emmas throat, let Rand and Gracie know that they were no longer alone.   
	Your Highness.  Emma said as she curtsied.   
	Good Morning, Emma.   Take care of my Gracie.    He said as he slowly rose from the edge of the bed.  Ill see you at breakfast, sweetheart.  Then he was gone.  Gracie sat there with a dazed expression on her face until Emma went over to her closet and opened it.
	Watch shall you wear today, my lady?   Emma asked as she started to flip through the clothes hanging there.  
	How many times do I have to tell you, Emma?  I can dress myself.   There is no need to wait on me hand and foot.
	I know, my lady.  But it my job to make sure that you have everything that you need.  Emma replied.
	Tell you what, Emma.  Leave the everyday dressing to me and you can help me dress for tomorrows nights gala.   I will definitely need help with the gown that has been picked out for me.  Plus Ill need help with my hair.
	You have yourself a deal, my lady.
	Good, after breakfast, you could be a great deal of help to me if youll help me with all this correspondence that seems to keep arriving.  Gracie said with a smile.
	Very good.  I will see you directly after breakfast.
	Thank you Emma.   Throwing back the covers, she jumped out of bed and headed for the bathroom and a hot shower.  She needed it to wake up this morning.  
	
	Rand was sitting at the breakfast table when Gracie walked in.   Rising from his seat,  he waited for her to be seated.  As the servant poured her a cup of coffee, he watched her spread her napkin across her lap.    He waited for her to speak.  But she seemed content to sip her coffee and nibble on her toast.   
	Nothing to say, sweetheart?  Surely I didnt shock you so much that you have become mute.
	Nothing to comment on.  I still have the same position as I had yesterday and I assume that you are holding to the same position that you have held for the last six months.  I cant see you changing your mind overnight.   
	You are right, Grace.   If anything last night supports my decision that you will make me the perfect wife.
	Because we connected with out slumber?  She asked softly, always aware that the servants lingered near by.  
	Theres that.   But the chemistry between us is unique.  He said as he sipped his coffee.
	You have proven that there is a small amount of chemistry between us.  He paused as he lifted his fork to his mouth.   After taking a bite of his out of his omelet, he slowly chewed it.   He couldnt believe that she understated their attraction.   
	Just remember, Gracie, that challenging me in this way, will lead to things that you are not quite ready for.   His stated in a low voice.     
	I do believe I have a ton of correspondence to answer, Your Highness.   Grace replied softly, before excusing herself from the dining room.    When she neared the door, it swung shut in front of her.  Still insisting on having your way, I see.   She commented without turning around.   She could feel him moving across the room towards her.   It never cease to amaze her that she could always tell when he was near.    She stilled as she felt him stop just inches from her.   She knew that he was waiting for her to turn and face him.   It had always been that way.   She never could hide from him; as a point he had never let her.
	Gracie, look at me.  He said softly.  We can stay like this as long as you like.  My father might wonder whats keeping me, but he was a young man once with a new bride.  I am sure that he will be very understanding.   
	This is your choice, Rand.   I have many pressing things to attend to.    Believe me I have no intentions of keeping you from your appointment with your dad.  
	Then turn around and talk to me, Gracie.  I wont ever accept you walking away from me.  He whispered into her ear.  Immediately gooseflesh ran down the length of her neck and arms.   
	No.  She whispered.  She could feel the warmth of his breath on the side of her neck.   
	Fine, I can find better uses for my mouth than talking.  He whispered.  It was all she could do to not jump out of her skin when he slowly ran his mouth down the side of her neck.   Then he returned to the shell of her ear to slowly explore its curves.  This time she couldnt help but gasp softly.  He made a murmur of approval.  His arms slowly crept around her waist to pull her back against him.   He couldnt resist leaving a small hickey on the side of her neck.   She squirmed trying to get closer to him.    Groaning he spun her around and fastened his mouth to hers before she could so much as utter a protest.  Without prelude, his tongue shot out to intertwine with hers.  Pulling her closer, he couldnt help but rock his hips against hers.     When he finally lifted his head, they were both gasping for breath.   
	Much better.  He said huskily.  I think I need to go take a cold shower, Gracie.  You pack one helluva punch .   He laid his head against the top of hers.   He could feel the slight tremors that were shaking her frame.   You are one tempting woman, and if I didnt have to meet my father in the next half hour, I would lock the door and have you on top of the diningroom table.  Maybe well have to try it after we get married.   He slowly released her but held on to her hands.   When she still didnt look at him, he slowly lifted her chin.   He still could see the desire burning in her eyes along with the anger that had just gripped her.
	You have a lot of nerve.  You have taken my right to chose my own husband, had it decreed that I am to marry you, and now you tell me that you plan on screwing me on the royal dining table!!!  She said angrily.  Her eyes were sparking.   And Rand couldnt help but smile.   Even when she was riled up, she was the sexiest thing he had ever seen.
	Id love to screw you, as you put it, any time and anywhere.  I wont deny that, Gracie.  Passion is part of strong marriage.    Along with communication.   And thats something that we will both share in our marriage.   Do not doubt me, Gracie, I did not select you upon a whim.   There was much consideration to be had.    Our future will depend upon it.    Now, I really should leave to meet my father.  He said as he released the spell on the door.  As she started through it, he stopped her.
	Remember what I said Gracie.  I wont ever accept you shutting me out or walking away from me.  

	Grace and Patience met at the small restaurant outside of the palace.   Grace smiled at the waiter as he left to get their drinks.   She soothed the napkin in her lap.  Then toyed with the silverware next to the plate.  Patience finally placed a hand on top of hers.   Grace finally looked up at her younger sister.   A blush stole across her face.
	Gracie.   Tell me what happened.   You are  blushing like a young school girl.
	Ill tell you what happened.   My betrothed decided to show at this stage in the courtship that he does find me attractive.    Something along the lines of throwing me on top of the dining table.   She replied angrily    I dont know what makes me more angry about this courtship.   The thought that he picked me after careful consideration and consultation with his advisors or the oh by the way, I do find you very tempting but I have to meet my father in half an hour. 
	Oh, Gracie.  He didnt tell you that!  Patience exclaimed.   The conversation halted as the waiter delivered their order.  
	Yes, a variation of that.  But enough about that.  I need to have a quiet dinner without his Royal Highness being the main focus of the conversation.   How were your dreams last night?   Did anyone try to visit them?   Gracie teased her sister.
	No, damn it.    He didnt take the hint.   I guess Ill have to just write him a letter to spell it out for him.   Patience said with a chuckle.   Seriously, sis, I dont know what I would do with him if he did appear in my dreams.     
	Anything that hell let you.  Gracie said with a laugh.

	After his meeting with his father, Rand went in search of his betrothed.   And amazingly enough she was nowhere to be found.    When he spotted her maid Emma, he stopped her.  
	Emma, where is her ladyship?  He asked after the maid finished curtsying to him.  It seemed like such an outdated tradition, but everyone had been bowing and curtsying to him for as long as he could remember.    
	She went to have lunch with her sister, Your Highness.   Emma said politely.  Said that she would be back before afternoon tea.  
	Thank you, Emma.    Rand said politely.  Turning he walked back down to his study, where he found  his father still  sitting by the fire.
	Dad, I figured that you had more pressing matters to attend to.   Rand said as he sat down in the chair across from him. 
	I do have other matters to attend to but I somehow knew that you were going to need me more than the decorating  committee for your wedding will at this moment.   Mica replied as he closed the book that he had been browsing through.  What kind of problem is Gracie giving you?  
	How did you know that it is Gracie?  Rand asked, shocked that his dad could read him that well. 
	I once too, was betrothed, and your mother gave me a run for my money.  As a matter of fact, my father sat down and spoke with me about the problems I was having.  So what kind of problem is Gracie giving you?
	She is angry about being considered as my wife.  I dont know how to explain it Dad.   We went to school together.   She had this dream of becoming the first woman advisor to the king.  I knew better.   You know me, I have been having the dreams and visions about Gracies and Is future for a long time.  She wasnt my advisor in those dreams.  She was my wife.   How could I tell her that becoming my advisor was never going to happen?  So I decided to not say anything to her, to let her finish her schooling and take her wizard exam.   But the attraction was always there.   She has been thinking that I didnt desire her, that the only reason that I am consenting to this marriage is because you and Colin approved the match.
	Have you told her that you want her?  
	Yeah, I have.  But she is so stubborn.  Ive even started to show her- 
	You what!!  Please tell me that you havent consummated your wedding vows.  His dad nearly shouted.
	No, Dad.   I havent.   I may not always believe in all of our traditions but I would not break this one.   She will come to our marriage bed untouched..  I just have given her a few kisses.   
	Alright then.   I understand the royal law that requires both partners to come to the marriage bed untouched is a difficult tradition to follow.    But it doesnt have to be a burden.   Have you developed a strong bond with her?   
	Yeah, Dad.  A really strong bond.   Last night we managed to dream merge with both of us still awake.  It takes a lot of concentration but it can be done.
	Son, remember the law states that both of you are to be physically untouched.  It says nothing about what happens in your dreams.   Seduce her, woo her while she slumbers.  It will soften her towards you when she awakes. 
	But that is taking advantage of her.   I still say that instead of taking , asking will get me better results with her.   She is a strong woman, and she is already angry about the betrothal not being her choice.
	I dont mean invade her dreams and then demand sex.   Use the time that you spend together towards that end.   Youll get to know her better and keep her on the edge of desire.   She will more than welcome you into her bed when the time comes.    Believe me the studies that we go through as young princes does work.   And with the extra time that you have given her, you both will have more control over the first time, than you would if you would have told her twelve years ago.
	How did you know about that?  Rand asked mildly surprised.
	I saw the way the two of you moved together across that dance floor.   If that light wouldnt have hit you at that precise moment, the destiny that you share would have started right there.   Mica replied.  Leaning over he placed a reassuring hand on his sons shoulder.   Hang in there.  She will come around.   It was foreseen that you and she would be together.   We will need your strength and her cunning to protect us.
	Man, it can be a bitch, to have the inner vision, cant it.  Rand replied.
	Yes it can, but it also has it rewards, son.   I was there to see the birth of every one of you children.   I wouldnt have missed that for anything.   Youll to deal with it.  I have faith in you.
	
	Grace came into the dining hall, with the memories of the morning lingering in her mind.   She hoped that she could keep a calm facade when she was seated beside Rand.  After being seated, she decided that acting normal would be the best thing to do.   Anger had not worked, shutting him out had not worked, so lets try a little normalcy and see what happens, she thought.  
	Good evening, Rand.  She murmured as she accepted the goblet of water from the attendant.   How did everything go with your father?  
	Very good, in fact.  He replied.   He wasnt sure what to make of her new mood.  	
Does that mean that you didnt end up in a big fight over the issues?   She asked looking at him for the first time.   He seemed a little puzzled by the change in her mood.  She smiled softly to reassure him.    I dont stay angry for long, Rand.   It takes to much energy.
	Does that mean you are going to cease fighting our coming nuptials?  He asked in surprise.
	Dont be silly, Rand.   I still dont like the fact that the decision was taken out of my hands.   But when have I ever stayed mad at you?  We have been friends for many years. You are to good of friend to let this come between us.   I am tired of fighting with you.   You realize that you have been forcing this issue for almost six months?  
	He just smiled at her and took her hand.  Raising it to his mouth he placed a small kiss to the palm of her hand.  I too tire of fighting with you, Gracie.   Shall we enjoy our meal together?   When she smiled and nodded, he felt a surge of warmth in his chest. 

	Patience paced back and forth in front of the phone.   She had left several messages on Jonathans voice mail.   But he still had not returned her phone call.   It was times like this she wished she had just a little magic.   She could wish herself to his side and see him.   

	Jonathan entered his apartment and noticed that the phone was softly glowing.  Sighing he wondered if he had the gumption to listen to his former mistress bitch at him for terminating their agreement.   For the last several months he had found himself thinking about another woman when he was with her.   And after his dinner with Patience last night he decided that he wasnt going to a substitute any longer.    She had finally shown a spark of interest.   It was time for the courtship to begin.   He may not have Rands inner vision but he had know for many years that Patience was the one for him.  Almost as long as Rand had know that Gracie would one day be his.   Just as he decided to ignore the unanswered voice mails the phone rang again.   Swearing softly under his breath, he picked the phone up.
	What? He barked, expecting Karen to be on the other end of the phone.
	Thats a fine way to answer your phone, Jonathan.    Ive been trying to reach you since after lunch.    As hard as ever to track down, I see.   Patience said dryly.  
	Patience.  I wasnt expecting to hear from you.  Please tell me that youre not cancelling our dinner date.   He said.  Inwardly he cursed himself.   He really should have looked at the caller id before answering the phone.
	No.   I was calling to let you know the latest development between Rand and Gracie.  It seems that he really pissed her off this time.  
	Oh, great!  Jonathan sighed as he squeezed the bridge of his nose. What did he do this time?  Sometimes his friend could be a true idiot.  Especially when it came to Gracie.
	She said something about him telling her that he wanted to screw her but unfortunately he had to leave to meet with King Mica.  She replied hotly.
	Before you get your panties in a twist, Patti, let me explain something.  Have you ever heard about the Royal Law?
	No, I cant say that I have.   Patience remarked. 
	Not many have.  It is a law that has been around forever,  all our Royals to follow it.   Those that are aware of it dont realize  that it is still being practiced.   Most of our people would have a hard time believing it.   The law states that any royal that wishes to marry must stay pure until the marriage bed.
	So youre trying to tell me that Rand has never had a woman?  Patience couldnt help but laugh. Please tell me that youre joking.   I have a hard time believing that.   Rand has had so many different women that I have lost count.   
	I know it seems like it is a hard thing to believe.  But I swear to you that it is the truth.   Rand has been educated in those matters but has yet to put any of that knowledge to use.  Jonathan explained.  The only reason that I know is because we are best friends and I have helped him find woman companionship that would understand how the law works.   He has escorted many women to different functions.   But he has never done so much as kissed another woman in passion.  Like I told you before he has had a thing for her since high school.   For him no other will do, she is the only one that he wants. 
	So what you are saying is that even if he didnt have that meeting with King Mica, nothing further would have happened?   She asked as what he had told her sunk in.  Then another thought struck her.  What about Grace?   Does she have to be pure also?
	Yes, thats exactly what I am saying.  He has to wait until they are married before  he can screw her.   Although I cant say that I can see him using that particular word in the same sentence.  The word screw is not something that hell ever do to your sister.  He has always spoke of it as being intimate or making love.  He replied thinking back to the first time that Rand had told him that he had realized that Grace was the one.
	Well, that sheds a bit of light on the subject.  She murmured.  Are you going to answer my other question?
	Other question? Oh, yeah.  Of course.   She is to be as pure as he.   Jonathan replied.   	Does she realize this?   
	I dont know.  But I know Rand has made sure that every wizard that has even glanced at her was made aware of his claim.   As much as your sister had her nose in a book, I doubted she even noticed the lack of attention.
	Lets hope that she never becomes aware of that fact, Jonathan.  Patience said quietly.   I dont want to be there. But someone does have to tell her about the Royal Law. I am surprised that she doesnt already know about it.
	She may have read something about it but like most assumed that it was no longer in use.  Jonathan replied.  I will mention it to Rand.   Let him be the one to tell her about it.
	I agree.  She can get hacked at him .  Patience agreed.  Suddenly her stomach growled.   She laughed.
	Was that your stomach I heard?  Jonathan asked quietly.
	Yep.  Sorry I guess its a little after my dinner time.
	You havent had supper yet? He asked.
	No, not yet.  Ill probably just order some pizza.  Patience replied.
	Mind some company?  He asked her softly
	No, I would love some.  She replied.

	Rand and Grace walked through the gardens after their supper.    It felt good to do something that was as natural as breathing to both of them.   Even when they were fighting, they were still friends.    Which never ceased to amaze Grace.   Rand was holding her hand as they walked down the darken path.   It seemed odd to her that they were walking together like two teenagers at their age.   But it was still a wonderful feeling.   One that she intended to enjoy for a short while before the war continued about their upcoming nuptials    Stopping next to gazebo, Rand tipped her face towards him.  
	You know Gracie you are a very beautiful woman.   I still dont know how you could doubt your attractiveness.  I am going to love being married to you.  He said softly.
	And you are full of it, Your Highness.  She scolded softly.   But I dont want to fight tonight.   Tomorrow is soon enough to argue that fact.
	Who says that we have to argue, Gracie.  Why not let nature take its course. He asked.
	If I let nature takes its course, Rand you will see that we will always be best of friends but that itll be a very disastrous marriage.
	Well, let me decide if thats the kind of marriage that I want.  He replied
	I still think that I will be better suited as an advisor than a wife.  I never intended on marrying anyone, Rand. 
	And why not?  He asked.
	Because the one man that I wanted to marry, wasnt interested and even if he had been I never would have fit into his world.
	Really.  Rand said anger creeping up on him.  And this man, when did you find time to meet him?   Youve been so wrapped up in your studies that you barely surfaced to eat, let alone go out and date someone.
	Suffice to say, Rand, that is not relevant at this time and even if it was it would be none of your business.  You are my friend, not my lover, boy-friend, or husband.  And that issue is in the past.   The distant past.
	How long ago, Gracie?  How strong is this mans hold on you?  How long will I have to fight his memory to take his place?  Rand asked in an almost resigned voice.
	Twelve years ago, Rand.   And he has no hold on me.   As far as replacing his memory.  I have room for both if I need it.   She replied.  It was time to change this conversation before her best friend got to close to the truth.   

The East Gardens
  	The man standing behind the bushes, smiled widely.   He finally found the way to lure Grace away from the Prince.  All he had to do was find the man that had stolen her heart so long ago. He could tell that she still had affection for that man.    All he had to do was convince the man to help him. The girl wouldnt have a choice.  She would fly to her former love and leave the Prince weakened.    The Prince was going to find out how much a weakness his affection for the advisors daughter was going to become.  Then when the time was right he would strike.
