Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current music: 
PotC 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: james potter, character: lily evans, character: peter pettigrew, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, length: 2000+ words, pairing: lily/james, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 19 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 19: Quarantine
Summary: In school, Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Tragedy befalls the wizarding world, and it doesn't spare the Marauders, as Sirius comes down with a frightening illness and Remus has to worry about the Full Moon. Also, what was that James just said to Lily? He didn't really-- did he?
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: PG
Word Count: 2408

Chapter 19: Quarantine

Autumn came much too suddenly into the idyllic world of Remus and Sirius, but they did have much to look forward to this school year. They met the Potters at the Hogwarts Express, and Mrs. Potter almost caused them all to miss the train as she fussed over Sirius and foisted bags of new clothes off onto him. Sirius and James both barely had a chance to hug Bess and Lionel goodbye before they were once again on the Hogwarts Express headed north, kicking first-years out of their compartment and preparing for a brand new year. Sixth year had no O.W.L.s, and they would get to choose their classes. It was going to be perfect. Or so they thought.

For a while, things were perfect-- or very nearly so. They had no trouble from anyone. Their grades were high and their spirits even higher. Gryffindor Quidditch was on a streak, though so was the Slytherin house team. It was clear that Slytherin and Gryffindor might be playing for the Quidditch Cup again, but that concern was still distant. Fall Hogsmeade came and went with the Marauders spending most of it in the castle, drunk off their arses and not participating in a thing. It was their best Hogsmeade yet.

Come winter, though, their happy world came crashing down. Tragedy hit the wizarding world, and it did not spare the Hogwarts students. It seemed to strike the Marauders with special viciousness. Remus would later wonder if every great joy in life must be balanced by an equally great tragedy, in some prophetic philosophical perversion of the Muggle Isaac Newton's Third Law of forces. If so, he would have traded that peerless autumn to prevent the events of the winter of sixth year.

It was a disease. Epidemic was spreading in the wizarding world in the form of VOLTO, which was a complicated acronym for something even Remus couldn't remember: Viral Ornothological Lyntel... something something. The healers called it VOLTO, and said it came from Asia. The wizarding public called it the Bird Flu. Decades later, muggles would also have a "bird flu", but theirs would not cause the victim to sprout feathers. Like most wizarding viruses, this one swept with particular violence through the pure bloods, and the more pure blooded you were, the more susceptible you were to infection.

When the illness was still a blip on the London wireless, two Slytherin students--brothers-- who had traveled abroad over summer, landed in the Hospital Wing with rather suspicious and unusual symptoms, including feathers. As soon as the cause of their infliction was discovered, the two boys were rapidly moved to a special wing of the castle, sealed off from the rest of the student population. Dumbledore had spelled the seal himself so that only a muggle-born tutor could pass through the barrier, in order to help the sick duo keep up with their studies. For a week, these two Slytherins remained the disease's only victims at Hogwarts, and to the rational mind, Hogwarts might have seemed spared.

Paranoia had already set in by that time, though. The illness traveled through the air, or on surfaces that sick individuals had touched. James was caught more than once staring at a doorknob previously touched by a Slytherin in sheer disgust-- not this this reaction was entirely new. Panic only grew when, the following week, another Slytherin student came down ill and was moved into the sealed wing. And then there was a fourth. These last two were roommates of the elder brother, and the house elves worked harder than usual to scrub the castle clean on that account.

Still, the disease stayed relatively distant from the Marauders. Most Gryffindor students had at least some prominent muggle blood, and that kept the illness from spreading through Godric's house as it had through Salazar's. In their crueler moments, students in Gryffindor Tower could be heard expressing delight that Slytherin might have to forfeit on the Quidditch pitch due to illnesses.

Everything changed for the House of Gryffindor, and for the Marauders, the morning that Sirius Black failed to get out of bed. His roommates went down to breakfast without him, and only when Remus checked on him after breakfast to find that he was pale, sweaty, and barely conscious did true panic set in. Sirius Black, being a Black from the long and inbred line of Blacks, was the first student outside of Slytherin House come down sick. Remus didn't even levitate him, but rather immediately carried him as one might carry a child down to the sealed ward. Sirius was entirely unconscious and unable to receive the well-wishing of his friends even had it been allowed. It wasn't. He was rushed through the barrier, and the only attention Remus was given was to be disinfected by Madam Pomfrey's wand before he was instructed to take a shower, just in case.

Somehow, James Potter managed to evade the wave of illness, despite being of largely pureblood decent and having the bed right next to Sirius Black's. The house elves cleaned their dorm room so well that Padfoot probably could not have picked up their scent there. Not that they could inquire. There was no more Padfoot. His bedclothes had disappeared along with his dirty laundry. His trunk was taken to the sealed wing. This was the event that defined the first horror of Remus Lupin's winter: quarantine. No contact. Nothing. Sirius was simply there one day and gone the next.

Other than rumors from the two muggle-born tutors, there was no Sirius in the Marauders' world any more. He was, instead, locked away in a tower like some princess in a medieval tale. His absence spread like its own form of plague over the healthy remnants of his group of friends. It hit Remus especially heavily. He was haunted by the sallow and feverish expression he had last seen on Sirius' still-summer-tanned face. He could not imagine energy or life coming back into those features again, but neither could he imagine that they wouldn't. He kept his fears almost entirely to himself for a week, when the news hit over the Marauders' illegal wireless that there had been the first death in Great Britain from VOLTO. A young woman, twenty eight years old and in average health, had died while receiving the very best of medical care within the halls of St. Mungo's. The wireless announcer commented soberly that the wizarding community could take this as a sign that there would be more deaths to come. "Merlin watch over the oldest families," the man whispered reverently, "as this will surely hit them hardest."

Neither James nor Peter followed, thankfully, when Remus left the room, slamming the heavy wooden door behind him.

*****

Remus Lupin spent the first three weeks of Sirius' quarantine alternately pacing outside of the isolation ward and failing his classes. Initially, he begged tutors for some word when they left, but soon they got tired of his nagging and took to avoiding him or outright scowling at him. James and Peter would join Remus occasionally, and even though none of them would ever be let in, they kept vigils in the hallway outside the isolation ward. It became their new favorite location for doing homework, as any tutor with news of Sirius had to pass right by them. More than once, professors lectured them for taking unnecessary risk in being so near to the seal, but no one had the heart to punish them or send them away. Besides which, everyone in the school knew the seal would hold; Dumbledore himself had made it so that only muggle-borns could pass through, and Dumbledore would not have made it a shoddy spell, especially if the welfare of students was involved.

Remus did his best to pass notes in, and occasionally got notes back. All he could discern was that Sirius was quite as ill as he was rumored to be, since he didn't even have the energy to write back. The letters became less frequent just as the Moon waxed, and Remus' vigil became more frantic as a result.

That was when Lily Evans went out for tutor. She was accepted at once, and Remus tracked her down as soon as he found out-- quite literally. His hair was still wet from his shower, and he found himself standing in the Great Hall without shoes or socks.

"Lily," he panted at her breathlessly before she'd even had the chance to sit down to breakfast, "you've got to do me a favour."

"No."

"Wh-- Well I haven't told you what it is yet."

"I'm not sneaking you into the sick ward, Remus. I couldn't if I wanted to, you know that. But I wouldn't anyway." She sat and scooped oatmeal for herself.

"No, I'm-- I've got a problem."

"Is this about your rabbit again?"

Remus blinked at her. Yes, it sort of was. He hadn't been through a transition without Sirius in so long now that he'd forgotten how. The Full Moon was in two days, and he was slightly terrified. Remus knew Sirius, he knew that Sirius was terrified as well, and he knew that half his own terror was really Sirius' terror anyway.

"Look, the patients are being looked after." Her green eyes glinted up at him, and though her voice was firm, her expression conveyed sympathy.

Remus' shoulders dropped. "Yes. I know. I'm sorry."

"Don't be. We'll look after him. I'd be worried too if he were-- if it were my, well, you know."

"Yeah." Remus felt himself deflate. Truly, there was no hope. He, Pete, and James had already gone over every idea they could think of for breaking into the isolation ward, but Dumbledore's spells were nothing if not thorough. Remus had, in the second desperate week, rushed the barrier, only to find himself thrown across the hallway quite violently. He'd been told Sirius woke that evening asking if he was alright. Remus was not entirely surprised. For now, Remus let Lily be and tried not to worry about it any more, as there was simply nothing he could do.

*****

James cried out and stumbled backwards into Peter when the red-haired figure flew up the last stairs towards the boys' dormitories and into James' chest. Rather belatedly, James crammed the invisibility cloak into his pocket. He stared, dumbfounded, down at Evans.

She, in turn, stared right back up at him. "You! What are you doing out of bed in the middle of the night?"

James' lips stuck together, and Pete came to his rescue: "It's not against the rules to be in the common room now, is it?"

Lily made a noise in her throat not unlike a growl. "Maybe if you were someone else, but you're you, and I know something's up. What is it? Tell me, and I won't tell Dumbledore."

James' heart was thumping quickly now. "Dumbledore knows."

Lily blanched. "Does this have something to do with Dumbledore? He's in the sick wing--"

"Sirius?" Peter stammered, pushing past James. "Prongs, time!"

"I know," James hissed at Pete. "Look, Evans, I'd love to chat, really. You know I would. But right now we have very pressing business." James slipped past her and vaulted down the stairs after Pete. They ran through the portrait hole without even considering the fact that they were both visible to whoever might be passing. In the hallway they could hear it loud and clear-- the pained screeching of a werewolf's calls.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck," muttered James.

Peter was already running down the stairs towards the Main Entrance. James had started to follow Pete when Lily's voice came from right behind him. "Fine. I'll come with you, then."

James stopped, frozen on the spot. Peter stumbled to a stop and stared back up the stairs. James felt the blood rush out of his head, felt himself grow dizzy. They'd done this all before, hadn't they? It felt like a nightmare on replay, only instead of Snivellus--

James stepped towards Evans and answered her in an angry tone that allowed no argument, "So help me, Evans, but if you follow us, you'll wish you had a Hungarian Horntail to keep you cozy tonight instead, because this is not a joke, and this is not a prank, and it's no place for you to be."

"Why? Because I'm a girl?"

"No," James answered, patience highly stressed.

Evans stepped closer to him. "Because I'm a mudblood, then? You're secretly just like all the rest of--"

"Because," James interrupted, "you have got no clue how the fuck," he couldn't even be buggered to care when he saw his own spittle fly at her, "to protect yourself from a full-grown werewolf in a fuck-lot of pain because his boyfriend," James pointed towards the isolation ward, "is locked inside and deadly sick and not with him the one fucking day out of the month that he needs him. I've seen it, yeah. I've seen Remus begging you for ways into the isolation ward. You think we didn't try? Me and Pete and Remus? We tried everything we could. Dumbledore didn't leave us any loopholes, and no doubt he knew we'd be looking for some. So if you want to help, you can get the fuck back up to your little hospital job and help Sirius, because if you think you're going to help Remus, you're only going to get yourself killed. And that's if you're lucky."

James stared into Evans' sharp green eyes for long moments as he watched realizations flicker through them. He wasn't worried. He didn't care. He knew that Evans wouldn't follow, that Evans wouldn't betray Remus. He wasn't sure how he knew all of it, but he felt, after years of admiring her from afar, he just might know a little bit about her. He was about to feel awful for yelling at her, 'cause there was water gathering in her eyes as her gaze held his, but the air was split at that moment by another castle-reverberating scream of wolfish pain. This time a weak human cry answered from the floor above-- the direction of the isolation ward.

"Wh-- What--" Evans stammered.

But if Evans said anything more, James didn't know. He was worried about Remus' condition in the morning, as well as the way it would be compounded upon by Sirius' poor health. He was dragging Peter at a full run down the stairs, and feeling only relief at knowing that Evans was not following anymore.