A Day in the Sun
by Hedoliz ©

As I have told you before, my "stories" on the Internet are truthful to an 
extent, but only up to a point. The rest is bullshit. I'm not as brave as 
you might think I am, and I am certainly not as brave as I like to think I 
am either. All Sunday night I fantasized of all the erotic fun Jim and I 
were going to have on Monday at the beach and I promised myself that I 
would follow through on my fantasies. My plan was that I was going to wear 
my crotches loin cloth from the parking lot to the beach, We were going to 
find a semi secluded spot (if we could) where we could get sexual with one 
another, and if everything worked out I was going to give him a blow job 
there on the beach or maybe even fuck him, and if one or two horny men 
happened to see us as they walked by or stopped to watch us then all the 
better. Even now, after the day is over, I still get horny thinking about 
that.

Unfortunately, it never happened that way. It normally doesn't.

We left the house around 10 AM. We had taken a couple of changes of 
'clothes' for me, my crotches loin cloth, a cooler with a 3 liter bottle 
of wine and a couple of glasses, our backgammon set, a blanket, a small 
duffle bag to carry the clothes and our personal affects, and two light 
weight aluminum folding chairs. Black's Beach is 90 miles from our house 
so I figured that we would get to the top of the cliffs by about noon or 
maybe earlier. We got as far as Del Mar before we realized that it would 
take us a little longer. The San Diego County Fair is currently being held 
at the Race Track (or at least I think that's what it was) and there was a 
huge traffic jam. Had we known in advance we could have taken an alternate 
route, but it was too late by the time we had realized our mistake? It 
took us about 45 minutes to negotiate our way through the traffic and get 
back up to speed again.

It was 12:15 when we got to the cliffs and there were already a LOT of 
cars in the parking lot. Let me take this paragraph and describe to you 
the setting of Black's Beach. It becomes important later in the account of 
what happened. It is a stretch of beach approximately 3 miles long from 
the North end, which is primarily a gay area, to the South end which is 
primarily straight. The ratio at the straight section is perhaps 25% 
couples and 75% single men. The parking lot sits on top of the bluffs and 
is the home of the Torrey Pines Hang Glider Port, where people go to rent 
Hang Gliders or bring their own and use it as a launching pad. As a 
result, there are always a mix of "nudists" and "non nudists" sharing the 
same parking lot. There were already a lot of gliders in the air and there 
was a lot of activity around the main building.

I took one look at all the people, and decided that I was NOT going to 
change into my loin cloth. There were just too many people. I just 
couldn't see myself being so daring with so many non nudists there to see. 
I decided just to wear the shorts and the Tee Shirt that I had worn from 
home. Jim was a little disappointed since I had told him what I planned to 
do, but he took it in stride since I promised him that I WOULD wear them 
on the way back to the car. I knew that we would probably be staying until 
7 PM or maybe even later and by that time there would be far fewer people. 
So much for mistake #1 for the day.

The trail down the cliffs is a short one (only 300 to 400 footsteps) but 
it is extremely steep. There are places on the trail where you literally 
have to hold on to the rocks and ease yourself down to the next step by 
reaching out with one leg, finding a foothold, and then easing the rest of 
your body down. As we went down I fantasized about the really great 
"spread eagle" I would have presented to anyone had I only had the nerve 
to have worn my crotches loin cloth. There was only one guy who would have 
seen me actually spread open, but I could tell that he would have enjoyed 
the hell out of it since his eyes were fastened on my crotch anyway, even 
in my modest shorts, as I bend down and spread my legs maneuvering one of 
the steps.

When we reached the bottom we hiked north for about 200 - 300 yards, found 
a place to lay the blanket, stripped off our clothes, and settled down for 
a good day of "fun in the sun." It really feels liberating being naked, 
and the weather was perfect. It wasn't too hot and their was a wisp of a 
cooling breeze. Jim set up the Backgammon game and opened the bottle of 
wine. He poured us each a glass so we could "loosen up" a little before we 
took our walk. We always take "walks" when we are at the beach. Don't ask 
me why (I'm sure it's psychological) but I feel more at ease being daring 
when I'm passing "through" the scenery rather than "being" the scenery. 
That being said, I certainly wasn't being modest while we played 
Backgammon. I made it a point of being 'careless' with how my legs were 
positioned when I sat and when I lay down, so I knew that if anyone walked 
by they could see everything.

After a few games, I put on my crotches loin cloth, leaving my breasts 
bare, of course, and, drink in hand, we walked north. When you are on a 
"nude" beach and everyone else is nude, the crotches bottom I now wore 
gathered me more attention than if I were totally nude. It's not what an 
observer "sees" that is important, it's what he "thinks" he sees. I felt 
deliciously wicked walking along the beach with just a small flap in front 
covering my pussy and a small flap in back that covered my ass. We walked 
all the way to the northern end of the beach, a good 40 minute walk, and I 
made sure that there were many times, specially when we stopped to have a 
cigarette, that I put on a pretty good show to whoever was nearby. There 
were way too many people to seriously think about fucking or sucking, but 
Jim did manage to insert his fingers inside me once or twice while we sat 
on the sand and I held his cock for a while we were walking and we were 
far enough from everyone so that it didn't look obvious that I was trying 
to show off. We finally got back to our blanket and I removed my bottoms 
again. We poured another big glass of wine and set up the Backgammon game 
once more. I was even more "careless" with my legs while we played and I 
knew that Jim was getting excited because he couldn't seem to keep his 
eyes on the board. The sight of his wife publicly displaying herself on 
the beach was beginning to get to him.

Then, probably about 5 PM, it happened.

I was sitting on the blanket with my knees up (and spread, of course) with 
my arms crossed over my knees when another couple walked by. They were 
dressed and each of them carried a beach towel. She had a bag slung around 
her neck but they carried no chairs, no cooler, no anything else. As they 
walked by they looked at us and smiled. They walked about fifteen feet 
further, lay their towels on the sand, and stripped off their clothes. 
They held hands and ran down to the water, laughing and giggling as they 
went.

Our blanket was about mid distance from the cliffs to the shore and we had 
an unobstructed view of the water. I watched as they played together on 
the shore and in the water. At one point she even climbed up on his 
shoulders and straddled his neck as he waded into the water and of course 
his hands were on her ass helping to balance her. Even from this distance 
I could tell that her cheeks were wide open and we could hear their 
squeals of laughter as he flipped her forward off his shoulders and into 
the water. They played like that for about five minutes and then returned 
to their towels. I pretended not to watch when they returned, but of 
course I did. And so did Jim. The man laid down on his back on one of the 
blankets and she jumped on him and squatted down on top of him. Her knees 
were spread, one on each side of him, and she bend her head down and 
kissed him passionately. At first we thought they were going to fuck, but 
unfortunately they didn't. She just sat there on top of him looking erotic 
as hell and I could see Jim's cock beginning to grow. I knew that he was 
getting turned on and I berated myself for not having had the nerve to get 
that intimate with him yet. The truth is that with all my bragging, I'm 
still afraid of being too bold.

I told Jim to pour us another glass of wine, hoping not only to get his 
attention back to me and away from them, but to loosen me up a little more 
so I could be as carefree and uninhibited as they were. He looked at me, 
shrugged his shoulders, and poured another glass of wine. I knew that he 
wanted to continue watching them

A few minutes later, she was off him and they were sitting side by side. 
They were obviously talking. We couldn't hear what they were saying so we 
knew they must have been keeping their voices down on purpose. There was 
only about fifteen feet between us and if they had been speaking normally 
we would surely have heard them.

Suddenly they stood up and walked over to us. She introduced herself as 
Angel and he told us his name was Rigor. I'm not lying, those were the 
names they gave us. I hadn't noticed it earlier, but she had a pierced 
clitoris and there a tiny ring hanging there. They wanted to know if we 
wanted to share a few joints with them. They told us that they had seen us 
and picked the spot to put down their towels because we looked like we 
might be a fun couple. I didn't know what a "fun" couple meant to them, 
but I knew what it meant to me and I knew that I wasn't prepared for that 
kind of fun. I may love to show off now and then, but having sex with 
another couple wasn't my cup of tea. But the thought of getting high was 
attractive so we agreed. He went back to their towels and came back with 
her bag.

She was sitting cross-legged in front of us when he handed her the bag. 
She opened it and withdrew three medium sized joints. She lit one, took a 
deep hit, and passed it to Rigor, who in turn passed it to me. As we 
smoked, we talked, and the more we talked the more it became obvious that 
their idea of "fun" had nothing to do with swinging or sex or anything of 
that nature. They just wanted to meet another couple that they felt 
comfortable enough with to be able to sit down and smoke with. I could 
empathize with her. When we're at a nude beach we've always felt that it 
would be imposing on another's 'space' to boldly go up and introduce 
yourself the way they did. It's hard enough when you have a suit on at a 
regular beach, but when you're completely naked it's just hard to get up 
enough courage We had assumed they wanted to have sex with us when they 
first approached and I think that in the back of my mind I had always 
assumed that people would think the same about Jim and I if we had ever 
approached someone else. It's funny how psychology works. You would think 
that being naked with other naked people would break down the barriers, 
but in reality it just creates new and different ones.

We shared what was left of our wine with them and we apologized that we 
didn't have more to offer but they told us not to worry. They told us that 
they came to the beach maybe once a week and had been doing so for about a 
month and that we were the first ones they had ever had a conversation 
with. As bubbly a personality as she had it came as a surprise to me, but 
I wasn't about to question her truthfulness,

During the second of the three joints that we passed around Jim got up 
enough courage to ask her about the lit ring. Not only wasn't she 
embarrassed about it, she spread her legs open and showed us how it was 
attached and where the holes were and everything. She even encouraged Jim 
to feel it and pull on it a little if he felt like it. She seemed very 
proud of it. It made me a little depressed when I thought of how I had 
been afraid of the crowd of people and how I had let the day pass without 
living up to my fantasies and my promises of the night before. Here she 
was sitting on Rigor's stomach, letting Jim play with her lit ring, and I, 
who was supposed to be the slitty little wench that Jim loves so much, had 
been too much of a coward to do any of those things. I was jealous of her 
complete openness about sexuality and nudity, and I found myself getting a 
little turned on by her myself. That being said, no, I'm not talking about 
thinking of her in any lesbian way. I'm still straight and had no desire 
to have sex with her, but my jealousy was born of admiration for her 
courage, and the admiration made me think of myself doing the same things, 
and thinking about THAT was making me horny.

We talked and laughed and kidded and discussed for another hour or more 
and it soon came time to leave. They were the first that said they had to 
go, but it was time for us as well. We all got up and collected our things 
and, still talking, we headed for the long climb back up the hill. We were 
all still naked, but when we got to the bottom of the hill I stopped and 
opened up the duffel bag and pulled out my shorts and Tee shirt and 
started to get dressed. Jim nudged me. He didn't want to say anything, but 
he pointed to the loin cloth. I know I had promised, but the line of 
people walking up the hill was a small army. It seemed that everyone was 
leaving at the same time.

I thought of what my naked cunt and ass would look like to anyone behind 
me as I was forced to spread myself open climbing the stairs, and I could 
feel myself getting wet just thinking about it. But I just couldn't do it. 
I wanted to, I really did. I wanted it badly. But I just couldn't It was 
one thing to lay on the beach naked and be exposed like that, but there, 
everyone else is naked as well. Going up the trail was something else. 
Everyone was dressed. And when I got to the top I would have to walk all 
the way to the van, which was at least 150 yards away from the trailhead, 
across a parking lot full of cars and people getting ready to leave, the 
nudes from below as well as the people from the hang gliding port. Jim 
reminded me of my promise, and I was sorely tempted, but I couldn't. I 
just couldn't.

I shook my head sadly and put on the pair of shorts and the T shirt. 
Before he said anything else, I turned and started climbing the hill. I 
hated myself for my timidity, but I was afraid. And to be truthful, I 
couldn't even begin to explain why. After I had taken about 15 to 20 steps 
I stopped to catch my breath. Yes, the trail IS that steep, particularly 
the bottom part.

In a few moments the others caught up to me, and they rested as well. I 
waited while they too caught their breath and we continued talking while 
they rested. In the meantime, several other climbers caught up to us and 
passed us. They were obviously more muscular and in better shape than we 
were. Finally, Angel indicated that she was ready and she began climbing 
again. I looked up as she climbed and my heart almost stopped. She was 
wearing a Tee shirt like mine, but she didn't wear any shorts on 
underneath. She was walking up the hill like I had fantasized I would. SHE 
was the one with the courage, not me. Every time she took a step up one of 
the stairs her ass was prominently displayed and whenever she came to one 
of the larger steps, where you really had to stretch, she would open up 
and you could clearly see EVERYTHING. Both of her 'holes' were open wide 
and everyone who was behind her was getting a show worthy of any of the 
bottomless bars that proliferate in Southern California.

It made me angry. It should have been me. It could have been me. It WOULD 
have been me had I had the courage of my fantasies and stayed true to my 
promise to Jim. But now it was too late. She had stolen what should have 
been mine. She was the one getting the attention. I debated taking off my 
shorts and joining her in showing off, but I knew that the moment had 
passed. If I did it now it would seem like she had given me permission, 
and I didn't feel right trying to "keep up" with her. I thought about 
stripping off my top and climbing topless, but the same thing applied. I 
was fated to watch her expose her crotch all the way to the top of the 
hill and always have memories of what might have been. I tried imagining 
the thrill and the rush that must be going through her head as the clothed 
climbers climbed up behind her, saw her open womanhood as she stretched 
for the next step, and I envied her. And of course I didn't have to 
imagine what she must feel like that much, since I had already imagined it 
before. A thousand times before. And I didn't have to imagine what was 
going through the minds of the men who were climbing behind us felt 
either, because I could see it in their eyes as they ogled her and when 
they purposely made sure that they took their "rest stops" slightly behind 
us. There was only one man who actually passed us and by his demeanor I 
assumed he was gay. There was one couple that passed as well, and I could 
tell that even he would have preferred to stay behind us, but of course 
his girl friend (or his wife) wasn't really interested so by us they went. 
But they were smiling, not frowning.

By the time we reached to top there was a fan club mentality to all of the 
followers. None had said a word, never gave any indication that they had 
just seen what they had seen, yet it was obvious that they had or they 
would have passed us a lot earlier since we were going slow and taking a 
lot of breaks.

As we walked across the parking lot I walked behind Angel and watched. 
Even on the level ground the bottom part of her ass was fully exposed. 
When she and Igor reached their car she turned around and I saw that her 
pussy was also showing. The Tee shirt was larger than her normal size (I 
assumed it was Igor's) but it still wasn't long enough to cover her 
completely. As I said before, I don't have any lesbian tendencies, but the 
sight of her pussy exposed like that in the parking lot was turning me on 
like nothing else I could imagine. Except of course if it had been MY 
pussy exposed, which of course it wasn't because of my stupidity and my 
irrational fear, and I became angry at myself again.

She opened the door to their Jeep Cherokee and got in, leaving the door 
open. She looked around in the glove compartment, got a piece of paper and 
a pen and wrote out their phone number. Then she handed me the pen and 
another blank piece of paper and asked if I would mind giving them ours. I 
took hers and quickly wrote our number on the blank piece of paper and 
gave it back. She told us that maybe the next time we came to the beach we 
could all come together. They only lived about 15 miles from us. I noticed 
too that the whole time we were writing out the numbers the door was open 
and she had pulled the Tee shirt up above her butt so she didn't have to 
sit on it. It was all the way up to her stomach and her bare pussy was 
pointed out the door. She never acted as if she was 'purposely' showing 
herself or even that she was aware of it. She acted as if this was normal 
and was no big deal. A man walked by while we were talking and I could see 
his eyes open wide with surprise as he saw her. She never even 
acknowledged that she was aware of his presence. She just kept talking as 
if she were fully dressed.

Finally they said good-by and left. I felt like shit. I had fucked up the 
day in so many ways that I couldn't even begin to count them. I felt sorry 
for Jim and I felt sorry for myself. But I'm sure that Jim understood. He 
knows me. He knows that I can talk big, and fantasize big, but I'm still 
trapped into taking baby steps each and every time we decide to have an 
erotic night or weekend. Wanting to do something and actually doing it are 
two different things, and even though we have had a lot of memories of 
doing things that most people don't, each and every time I have to face my 
fears and my insecurities all over again.

Yes, we had a videotape made of us fucking ourselves silly, and yes, we 
had flashed truckdrivers on various freeways and highways occasionally, 
and yes, I had danced naked for a group of complete strangers at a 
bachelor party, but these erotic moments, and others, were moments in 
which WE were in control. Each and every time we had planned our moves, 
mapped it out in advance, known what to expect and had risked little. But 
here, at the beach, we had no control. We were at the mercy of 
circumstance.



As we started walking back to the car I stopped and told Jim that I needed 
to pee. We were in front of a row of "portable latrines" that were used 
for customers of the Glider Port. He told me he would wait, so I opened 
one of the doors and went in to do my business.

As I sat, I began thinking, Why had I wasted the day? What was there to 
really fear? SHE had walked up the hill with everything exposed, and what 
happened to her? Nothing. Nothing had happened to her. SHE would have the 
memories that I had wanted to be mine, and she acted as if nothing was 
different. She and I and Jim and Igor had been naked on the beach all day 
and had thought nothing about it. All she had done was to extend that into 
a walk up a hill and a short walk to the car. What was the difference? The 
only difference, I suspected, was context. While we were on the beach, 
everyone else was naked. When we were on the climb up, and in the parking 
lot, everyone else was clothed. On the climb and in the parking lot it 
would stand out more, make her more 'noticeable,' more vulnerable, more, I 
don't know, more naked. But isn't that what I always said I wanted to be? 
Different. More daring than the others. More 'NAKED'? I had wanted it too 
much, and I had failed to live up to my hype. She had never given it a 
thought, and as a result had done it. Sometimes you can want something too 
much, I thought. And in the wanting comes desire, and with desire, comes a 
self fulfilling prophesy of failure.

OK, I thought, I've made mistakes all day. I've let a lot of my chances 
pass me by. This is my last chance. What was I afraid of? What was the 
worst that could happen? I made my decision. I wiped myself off, stood, 
and removed my shorts and my top. I stood there thinking. Should I? Yes, I 
convinced myself, Yes, yes, yes! I owed it to Jim, but mainly I owed it to 
my self. I took a few deep breaths to steady myself and I opened the door.

I walked out into the open completely naked. I saw Jim standing there and 
he gulped when he saw me. I was holding my crumpled shorts and my T shirt 
in my hand. I handed them to him. He took them and then looked around. I 
don't know if he was as excited and as terrified as I was, but he took my 
hand and we began walking to the van. It was about 75 yards away and to 
reach it we had to cross two aisles of parking. Numerous cars were driving 
through and as best as I recall I saw 15 to 20 people milling around their 
cars.

It only took us at most a minute to walk to the car, but we had to walk 
right by numerous people, all of whom looked and stared at my naked body. 
I never spoke to any of them, and only one spoke to me (complimentary, 
thank goodness) but the rush I felt was incredible. We didn't hurry or try 
to 'streak' or anything like that. We simply walked hand in hand to the 
car just as if I had clothes on. I wanted it to appear natural, just as 
Angel had. I knew how nonchalant and innocent she had acted and I wanted 
to emulate her.

When we got to van Jim fumbled around in the bag for the keys, but he 
couldn't find them immediately. Whether he was nervous or just wanted to 
prolong my exposure I couldn't tell, but I knew that he had hidden the 
spare key under the left front tire, which we always did when we came here 
just in case we lost the keys down on the beach. Before Jim could find 
them I was down on my hands and knees and reaching under the tire for the 
spare key. It gave him a great view of my spread open crotch, from asshole 
to pussy lips. Fortunately (or unfortunately) his body blocked most of 
this view from anyone who may have been passing behind me. I got the key, 
handed it to him and then boldly walked around to the other side of the 
van and waited for him to open his door, get in, and then unlock my side 
of the van. During those few seconds two cars passed by, one of which 
honked their horn and waved at me. I waved back with a big grin on my 
face.

Once inside, Jim handed me my clothes. I smiled and tossed them in the 
back-seat. I told him no. Now that I was naked again I wanted to stay 
naked. I wanted to drive all the way home like this. It was a challenge, a 
dare that I was making to myself. It would be dark in 45 minutes, but 
during that 45 minutes I wanted to experience the thrill of not knowing 
what would happen. Of course I wasn't completely crazy.

Our van rides higher than most cars, most people don't 'look' in cars that 
pass them or in cars they pass, and I had a towel laid across the console 
between the seats just in case we did run into any 'problems' but I fully 
expected to be able to brave it out for the entire ride. Like I said 
earlier, In the past I had flashed truckdrivers and danced naked and the 
like, so it wasn't exactly new to me, but what WAS new to me was that we 
would have to drive on streets other than the freeway. We would have stop 
signs and railroad crossings and pedestrians to contend with, at least for 
the first 15 miles. Once we got to the Freeway I would be relatively safe 
and have nothing to fear. And darkness was only about 45 minutes away.

Well, we made it. Yes, there were those who saw me, but I pretended that I 
didn't notice them. In truth, I was glad they saw me, and it thrilled me 
when they did, but I never really looked at them, probably because if I 
looked at them I would betray my own insecurities. In any event, to the 
best of my abilities I just sat there, talking and laughing with Jim as we 
always did. The only difference was that I was naked.

After we got on the freeway and darkness fell I relaxed a little more and 
started to get amorous with Jim. The only thing I had forgotten was that 
the Border Check, where they check for illegal aliens coming across from 
Mexico, was still ahead.

Jim's pants were down and I had just begun performing fellatio on him when 
he slowed suddenly and pulled up his pants. I raised my head up and looked 
and saw a line of cars slowed ahead and I realized that I wouldn't be able 
to go the entire distance completely naked. I grabbed the towel and draped 
it over my shoulders covering my tits. I took three to four minutes for 
all the cars in line to be waived on through. Usually this doesn't take 
that long, but I guessed that even though this was only July 3rd, traffic 
was heavier than normal due to people being off work for a four day 
holiday. As the last car ahead of us was waved through I daringly tossed 
the towel aside and when the border guard waved us through I waved back, 
naked as the day I was born. I saw the admiration in his eyes and his 
smile. I probably made his day, unless of course he sees a lot of women 
like me in the course of his job. I didn't really know or even care. All I 
knew and cared about was that he had seen me.

The rest of the trip home was, as you might imagine, sexually charged. Jim 
got his blowjob, I got a good, long fingering from him and a promise that 
he would fuck my brains out when we got home. Unfortunately, the fuck had 
to wait. By the time we got home (dressed again, I should add) and Jim 
took the baby-sitter home I was starting to feel chilled, the first signs 
of a sunburn. While he was away I took a shower, got in bed and covered up 
with blankets. The fuck would have to wait until morning. But I was going 
to hold him to his promise. I went to sleep fantasizing about all the 
nasty things he and I would do when we awoke. 




