Becky 04 - Becky's Fun In The Sun
by WolfyLikes

A holiday away lets Becky play.

Becky woke and saw a light flashing on her phone. It was a notification, she'd had a text message. She looked at the time, it was only 6.30 am. Who'd been texting her this early? She read the message, rubbed her eyes and re-read it, then leaned over and pushed Andy until he was awake.

"Ann's sold the house, and she's deposited my half of money into my account by bank transfer," she told him excitedly.

It took Andy a few seconds to digest the news. Half-awake, he was trying to remember who Ann was, then it dawned on him that it was Becky's stepmom, and selling the house because she'd had to relocate was the reason Becky had moved in with him and George, his dad.

"Enough money to buy a place?" he asked.

The mansion they lived in had plenty of space for the three of them, but knowing his dad fancied Becky, and although he'd toned down his flirting since Andy and Becky got serious Andy remembered the night where he'd lost his virginity to Becky and several men including his dad had shot their loads over Becky's face and tits. Even though he'd admitted to Becky he enjoyed seeing her cum-drenched, he didn't want to imagine his dad doing so again.

"Not really, we could get a small place somewhere but it would be worse than living here," Becky told him.

She'd read Andy's mind, knowing he wanted to distance them from his dad. While she'd made her mind up that George was too close to home literally, she still enjoyed teasing him and seeing his cock stir while she wore flimsy outfits around him. She'd told Andy nothing would happen, but she knew he still had an element of doubt, more about his dad giving in rather than Becky.

"We could go on holiday somewhere though, that would be good wouldn't it?" Becky said.

"That would be great, a couple of weeks away somewhere. I'll start looking for somewhere shall I?" Andy asked.

"Yes, somewhere adults only, I may want to sunbathe topless by the hotel pool and don't want to be shouted at by the hotel staff," Becky laughed.

Andy laughed with her but knew she meant what she'd said. He knew the holiday would be her showing herself off to men, enjoying the thrill of seeing their reactions, with Andy reaping the benefits. Two weeks later they were boarding a flight to Spain.

They'd booked into a hotel in a small town just north of Barcelona, quiet enough that they could enjoy some peaceful relaxing time, but close enough to the hustle and bustle of Barcelona's nightlife. Already feeling the difference in temperature from English weather, Becky knew with her porcelain pale skin and red hair, she wasn't there for a glorious suntan. However, the warm feeling of the sun made her horny, even more than normal. Andy found this out early on when Becky gave him a handjob in the hotel transfer taxi on the way from the airport.

After taking their cases up to their room, they spent the rest of the day checking out the local area, finding somewhere to eat, then falling asleep with the windows open, the cooler night air a handy distraction. Awaking the next morning Becky went to the balcony to have a look at the view. They had a side view down towards the sea, and opposite them was one of only four other hotels in that particular town. They'd asked for a room higher up and were on the sixth floor of eight. Leaning over the balcony, Becky could see down to the hotel pool and saw someone cleaning the pool out. He looked up and waved. Thinking he was being very friendly she waved back, then realised she had slept naked. Unluckily for him, the balcony was frosted glass, but he would have had a good view of Becky's 38D tits.

She turned and looked at Andy. He was still asleep. Becky carefully pulled the duvet off him and started to plant kisses on his cock, trying not to wake him. His cock stirred, and he groaned, but his eyes were still shut. Becky lifted his cock lightly and slid her mouth onto him. He stirred again, rolling more onto his back, but still not waking. As his cock started to stiffen, Becky increased the tempo of her mouth working on him. Suddenly he started to cum, which shocked Becky as he'd never cum that quickly before. Her mouth slid off him, and she held his cock as his cum spurted across his stomach. He groaned again but was still asleep.

Becky was a little disappointed, the pool guy seeing her tits had turned her on a little, and she'd been looking forward to riding Andy before they went for breakfast. She decided to go and shower, the lack of a dildo to use instead wasn't ideal, maybe she could see what the shampoo bottles were like instead.

Becky finished showering, and inserting the shampoo bottle, and was towelling herself dry. She heard the door knock and heard a female voice call out 'Room Service'. Becky was still in the bathroom so told her it was fine to come in. She heard the door open and walked out of the bathroom just as the girl gasped. Becky looked towards where she was looking. Andy, somehow still asleep, was sporting an erection, obviously having a good dream.

"Don't mind him, you just carry on," Becky told her.

She turned to look where the voice was coming from, a little taken aback that she'd just seen a man naked with an erection and his partner had caught her looking. Her mouth dropped open as she saw Becky was naked also. Becky simply smiled at her. She noticed the maid look back at Andy's erection, and Becky sat on the bed next to him. She lay back, spreading her legs, and started to wank Andy slowly. Andy groaned loudly.

Staring at the maid, a tanned brunette about the same age as herself, who was trying hard to do her job while stealing glances at the naked pair in front of them, Becky reached her other hand down at started to rub gently at her clit. The maid was just staring now, her hardened nipples now showing through her flimsy top.

"Do you want a go?" Becky asked her, nodding her head towards Andy's cock.

The maid bit her lip but shook her head. Becky continued to stroke him, pushing his cock at an angle so it faced towards the maid, never once moving her eyes from watching the maid. The maid watched Andy's cock throbbing in Becky's hand, but Becky noticed her also stealing glances between her legs, Becky's finger tracing along her wet folds. The maid lifted a hand and started to play with a nipple through her uniform. Her other hand slowly edged between her legs, and she closed her eyes as her finger found its target. She forced them open, watching Andy and Becky's performance.

Suddenly Andy started cumming, shooting his load across his stomach and Becky's hand. She didn't let up, stroking him at the same pace. Seeing him finish spurting, she released her grip and started to lick the cum from her hand. Becky nodded towards his cock again, but the maid said she needed to go. The door had barely closed behind her before Andy jumped over between Becky's legs, and thrust his fingers crudely into her pussy. Not long after, Becky spurted her juices over his hand and the bedsheets.

Becky and Andy spent most of the day walking around the town, looking for places to eat, and Becky also looking for photo opportunities. She enjoyed getting scenic selfies, but also enjoyed Andy using his phone to take photos of her with a nipple out while someone walked towards her, or pulling her skirt up while people were oblivious behind her. Getting very turned on now, they went back to the hotel room where Becky stripped off quickly while Andy opened the balcony windows, took one of the metal chairs from the balcony, and positioned it towards the opening.

Becky turned her back to him and started to ride him, leaning back against him while Andy reached around and played with her large swinging tits. A couple of times Becky thought she saw a flash of light, but having her eyes half-closed she assumed it was the glare of the sun. She leant forward to grab a hold of the balcony rail, in turn giving her more leverage to ride Andy faster. Sensing Andy pulsing inside her, she urged him to rub her clit, her orgasm hitting her as Andy started to fill her with his sticky load. She slumped forward onto the balcony floor, Andy's load starting to trickle from her pussy and down her thighs. Finally, she got to her feet and heard a noise from opposite. On a balcony slightly above theirs in the hotel opposite, two men were shouting and waving, smiling broadly at both their view of Becky's tits and the scene they had just witnessed.

Becky and Andy spent the rest of the day walking around the local area a lot, Becky was a little disappointed the following morning when a new maid came to their room, an older woman in her late 50s. They decided to spend the afternoon lounging by the hotel pool, resting before going back out again later. Becky wore a sarong down to the pool, covering a cherry red swimsuit she'd put on. They selected a couple of loungers away from others, but close enough to the bar area. Becky sat upright on her lounger, checking out people around her. A couple of female partners were giving their male companions a few glares, Becky's swimsuit having a plunging neckline that disappeared into her cleavage, not doing much to hide her 38D tits. To make matters worse, Becky dipped into the pool for a few seconds, getting the swimsuit wet and making her nipples erect also with the coolness of the water.

Andy arranged her lounger so Becky was laying down flat. She put on sunglasses, so while pretending to be asleep she could still watch people. Several men had reason to walk past their position, most of them giving admiring glances, just quick enough to hope Andy hadn't noticed them checking out his girlfriend. Becky could feel herself getting turned on, and slowly ground her thighs together while looking like she was trying to get comfortable, enough to bunch up the swimsuit between her legs. She had no idea how much was showing, so she nudged Andy and asked him to get some drinks. Andy did so, taking a little longer to return than previously.

"You're only just about still covered up, I'm sure you'd be flashing properly if you open your legs a little too wide," he told her when he sat down again, a big smile on his face.

"You had a good look while you were there too, you were a long time?" Becky asked.

"Oh yeah, I was listening to those two guys by the bar," he answered.

Becky casually tilted her head to look over. The two guys that Andy had mentioned were about thirty years old, reasonably toned bodies, wearing speedo shorts that didn't hide a lot. While neither were overly big, Becky found herself staring at them both.

"What were they saying?" she asked Andy, "did you hear?"

"Well, they mentioned thinking it was you that they'd seen, something about the size of your tits. They're both divorced, over here to celebrate being free or something," Andy responded.

Becky kept looking at them, the two guys were oblivious due to her sunglasses. She remembered the flash of light, and the two guys waving from the hotel opposite. Was it them? She couldn't be certain, she looked over but had not been concentrating on what they looked like properly. All she was bothered about now was seeing those cocks get erect. She turned and lay on her front, her arse facing towards them, putting her hands above her head but making sure she could see underneath her armpit. She wriggled a little, looking like she was getting comfortable but making her arse cheeks jiggle for them both. She saw one nudge the other and they stared over, not trying to hide it now.

Becky reached behind her and pulled the swimsuit tight between her arse cheeks, making it like a thong. She put suncream on her hand and rubbed it into both buttocks, making a point of pulling them apart as she did so. Her plan worked, Andy whispered to her but she'd already noticed both men now semi-erect. She moved her legs a little further apart, giving them an even better view. She watched them for a while, both occasionally brushing the front of their shorts. She looked up at Andy and asked if he was okay with it. Knowing what she was probably about to do, he nodded yes.

"Is anyone sunbathing topless, I don't want to be the only one," she asked Andy, loud enough for them to hear.

"There's a couple of women, yes," Andy answered.

Becky quickly turned over, making sure to watch the guys as she did so. She pulled the shoulder straps down her arms, halfway down her biceps, then pulled the cups tightly underneath her tits, pushing them upwards a little. She pretended to knock something off her nipples, stiffening them a little more, and sat upright, seeing the men blatantly staring now. Becky took off her sunglasses.

"Do you want a picture or something?" she said, staring straight at them.

The two guys tried to look away, seeing Andy look towards them too, obvious that they had been staring at his girlfriend and had been caught doing so.

"Sorry," one said, looking sheepish. Becky smiled.

"No, I mean seriously, do you want to take pictures of them, and the rest of me?" she flirted.

They both looked at each other, broad smiles on their faces, then turned to look at Andy for his reaction.

"It's fine with me, but just pictures," Andy said.

"Oh, spoilsport, I was hoping to blow them both too," Becky scolded, pretending to be cross.

"Well, then they'd better get you turned on enough while taking these photos then hadn't they?" Andy smiled.

"Your room then?" one of the guys asked.

"No, yours, lead the way," Becky replied.

She stood and put her tits back into her costume, and picking up her sarong went to walk towards the hotel entrance.

"No, this way, there's a gateway open over there," one of them said.

Becky looked towards where they were pointing, it led towards the road.

"We're not staying in this hotel, we're in the one opposite, this pool is so much better though," the other guy said.

They walked over to the hotel, introducing themselves as Mike and Dave. Getting into the lift, Becky noticed that they were going to the seventh floor. The two guys led the way to their room, two single beds inside. Quickly whispering to each other, they pushed the beds together. Becky walked over to the balcony windows, pushing them open. She stepped out, and the cogs started to turn. She'd noticed the sun starting to set which would also make a good backdrop, but also she had a very good view towards their hotel she could see the towels they'd left drying on their balcony earlier, virtually right opposite and slightly below.

"This isn't your first time taking photographs of me is it?" Becky asked, smirking.

"I said those tits had to be the same ones!" Mike said.

"Yeah, we saw you fucking, those tits bouncing were mesmerising," Dave added.

Becky smiled again and peeled down her swimsuit, just teasingly keeping her pussy covered. She leant back against the balcony, cupping her tits, Mike and Dave starting to take pictures. She turned and faced the other way, hands on the balcony and pushing her arse out.

"Take your swimsuit right off," Dave said.

Becky looked back over her shoulder.

"You guys first, I need something to look at too," Becky answered.

They both looked at Andy, now casually sitting in an armchair, who simply nodded. They both slid off their tight speedos, two semi-erect cocks unleashed into Becky's view. While not overly big, she was impressed they were getting erect and she hadn't even stripped off yet. She peeled her swimsuit down her arse slowly and seductively, sliding it down her legs and kicking it off her ankles. She lifted a leg up onto the balcony and made a little squelching sound as her finger ran through her wet labia.

Dave crouched down to take some from below shots, while Mike stood back a bit trying to get all of her in one shot. Becky said she was getting uncomfortable now so moved across to the bed. She got up on all fours, her large tits swinging below her, letting them take photos from in front, then turned so they could get some of her arse. Mike and Dave were both looking at each other now and again, amazed at how at ease Becky was especially with Andy there too.

Becky turned over onto her back, her head towards the bottom, and raised her legs right up, holding the backs of her thighs to spread her legs. She gave them chance to take a few photos, then asked them to take some from by her head looking down her body. Now she reached up, and took a cock in each hand, stroking them to an erection. They were inches above her face, and Becky could feel her juices trickling down her thighs.

Becky released them and turned back onto all fours, telling them to take it in turns to take photos now. They both looked puzzled until Becky took hold of Dave's cock, pulling him towards her, and sliding his cock into her mouth. She enveloped him, taking his 7" cock in with ease. Mike took photos with one hand, stroking his cock with the other until they swapped places and Becky started to blow him. She heard Dave ask Andy to take photos, felt the bed move behind her, then hands on her hips. She felt a cock nudge against her thigh, took her mouth off Mike and looked behind her where Dave knelt.

"You're not fucking me," she warned him.

"I'm not going to, I just wanted to get some shots looking like I was," Dave promised.

He took his cock with one hand and used it to slide it along Becky's wet slit, tracing a line from her arsehole to her clit. Feeling his cock against her clit made her shudder, and Dave asked her to keep still. She felt his stiff cock against her pussy, right at the entrance, then his camera clicked. She went back to sucking on Mike's cock again, slurping on him more hungrily now Dave had made her realise how turned on she was, little electric shocks running through her body each time he touched her clit with the head of his cock. She arched her back when he pushed against her arsehole, feeling her arse open slightly almost willing him in. his cock moved, and Mike withdrew from her mouth to swap places.

After a while they'd almost got to a standstill taking photos, taking it in turns to get blown by her, both standing in front of her. Becky ached for some cock to fill her up, and told Andy to strip off. Getting him erect, she lay him on the bed and straddled him, starting to ride on his cock as Mike and Dave looked on. Using her pussy juices as lube, she asked Mike and Dave to finger her arse, then when ready sild off Andy and slid down onto his cock until her arse was full. Mike and Dave took a quick few pictures of this, then Becky told them to stand either side of her and cover her with their sticky loads while she rode Andy.

Continuing to take them both into her mouth, and trying to get both in at the same time, she wanked and sucked them until both shot all over her. Her mouth, neck and tits were covered in lines and droplets of their loads, a couple of thin chains hanging off her chin. She reached a hand down between her legs and rubbed herself to climax. Rolling off Andy, seeing her cum covered tits was too much for him and he started wank furiously, adding more semen to her already covered tits.

Becky went to shower, and coming out saw Andy talking to the guys, a leaflet in his hand.

"What's that?" Becky quizzed.

"There's a street party in Barcelona on Saturday night, lots of drinks, food and music around the city," Andy answered.

"Oh, we were going for the day out there on Saturday," she said a little forlorn.

"Well, we could scope out the city and do some shopping on Friday instead, then go back for the party the following day," Andy said.

They said their goodbyes to Mike and Dave and returned to the hotel. Before they slept, Andy showed her a photo he'd taken. Mike's cock filled Becky's mouth, just his balls showing as she deepthroated him. From the angle he'd taken the photo, it looked like Dave was right up her pussy from behind. Becky felt her stomach flutter. Not much sleep was had that night.

Friday was spent getting off a coach in the city, then walking and taking the Metro to visit various sights. They toured and took sightseeing pictures at the various churches, at the Magic Fountain, viewing the human statues at Las Ramblas, and finally the Barcelona Aquarium, before eating at a beachside restaurant and then getting the coach back to their hotel. Exhausted from their day's activities, both fell asleep early.

The street party was to begin at 6 pm, just before it started to get dark when the light shows began when laser displays would fill the air as much as the music would. There were coaches provided that stopped along each town down the coast, picking people up along the way. Becky and Andy spent a little time by the pool after breakfast, before going up to get ready. Knowing it would still be warm that night Andy wore a pair of canvas shorts with a short-sleeved shirt and gasped when Becky walked out of the bathroom. She was wearing a black knee-length dress with a zip right up the front, while it wasn't figure-hugging it didn't disguise her 38D chest. She wore comfortable black dolly shoes with it, not wanting to walk around in heels all night. Andy wolf-whistled her, his whistle getting louder when she pulled the zip down far enough to show him she was braless. What she didn't tell Andy was that she was fully commando under the dress, not wearing knickers either.

"We took serious pictures yesterday, I thought we could take some more personal ones tonight," she flirted.

The bus journey was a little eventful, Andy not taking much persuasion for Becky to lower her zip so he could take some pictures, Becky being caught amused her. She was a little disappointed it was by another girl, just as she turned to speak to her friends in the seats behind her, seeing Becky at the back with her zip open almost to her belly button. Disappointed, but intrigued. From her angle, the girl looked a little top-heavy herself, although not tall. She had red streaks in her black hair that gave her an edgy look, highlighting her heavy fringe with the sides and back cut short. What intrigued Becky most was that she didn't look away, staring at Becky while casually carrying on her conversation. When her friends weren't looking, she blew Becky a kiss.

Getting to Barcelona they departed the coach, Becky had described the girl to Andy but despite her distinct look by the time they'd got off from the back seats she'd merged into the already large crowds. Becky and Andy wandered around for a while until they found a DJ doing a dance mix set, songs they recognised and liked, and grabbing some drinks they made their way to a better viewing place.

There were a lot of people dancing, bodies close to each other, as the crowd all seemed to merge into one. Hands brushed against Becky, one brushing across her arse, reminding Becky she had nothing on down there. Thinking about it, and how many people were nearby turned Becky on a little. A couple of times the hands seemed to linger longer than normal, but each time she looked the owners were oblivious to her, moving to the heavy beat. After a while, a hand wandered over and stayed on her arse, palm outstretched. Becky looked over, again the guy seemed not to be taking any notice of her. He was tall and quite good looking, and the hand moved without him looking at her. She glanced at Andy, who smiled and carried on dancing.

The hand came back, this time closer to the middle. The fingers moved gently back and forth across the fabric of her dress. This time Becky smiled up at him, but he wasn't looking at her. The hand ventured down further, cupping the underside of one buttock. She looked at him again. He was dancing, both hands above his head. It wasn't him then. She turned and looked Andy on the other side of her, he also had his hands stretched out. The hand snaked down a little further, a fingertip grazing across Becky's thigh. She turned to look behind her, and saw red streaks in black hair, two beautiful blue eyes staring up at her. She got up on tiptoes to get closer to Becky.

"I could see up your dress on the bus," the girl nonchalantly told Becky, loud enough over the music for her to hear but nobody else, "I know you're not wearing knickers." Her accent was from the north of England.

While she said it, her hand moved slowly up the back of Becky's thigh, pausing as it got to her arse. She waited for Becky's response, which was to smile back at her and slide her legs ever so slightly further open. One finger slid between her buttocks and stayed rested against her arsehole. Her body pushed against Becky, hiding the view for anyone else, and she danced and made Becky sway with her movements, forcing her finger to gently rub across Becky's puckered arsehole. Her body contoured with Beckys, hard nipples digging into her shoulder blades.

They continued to sway to the beat of the music, Becky closing her eyes as the finger inched forward, sliding along her wet folds. She gasped as it momentarily grazed across her clit, the girl teasing her more by sliding the finger into her wet pussy, then withdrawing it straight away. Becky ground her arse back against her, her arms reaching back and grabbing the girl's hips, trying to force her ever closer, to manoeuver her fingers inside her. The girl resisted, teasing and prodding, only occasionally flicking her finger over Becky's clit.

Suddenly the music stopped, and so did the fingers. The DJ thanked everyone for listening to his set, and the next DJ would be starting in ten minutes. Becky turned and looked behind her, the girl had gone.

"That was a great set, did you enjoy it?" Andy asked, oblivious to what had gone on.

"Yeah, I just wish it had gone on a little longer," Becky answered.

She pulled Andy to her and kissed him passionately. He stepped back, a little shocked. Becky snaked a hand down and across his groin.

"I'm horny, let's find somewhere quieter," she whispered to him.

Becky took his hand and they walked off across the square, Andy with a big smile on his face. They walked for a few minutes when Andy stopped.

"That church is up this side street," he said.

"Which church?" Becky asked, a little puzzled.

"The one with the floral garden, the one we took pictures in yesterday, where we walked past the gate twice because of the large bushes," he responded, grinning.

Becky stared at him, then understood what he meant. The gate was about fifty yards down the paved street, and they walked in through the gate. Although not far from the main street, they could hear the cars and people walking, but not see them. Becky walked over and leant against the wall in the corner away from the gate.

"Pull my zip down," she instructed Andy.

He did so, opening her dress to her belly button, her large tits set free from their confines. Andy immediately took them in hand and started licking at her nipples. Becky stopped him and told him to pull the zip right down. Andy smiled, did so, then gasped as he saw Becky totally naked under her dress. She took his hand and placed it between her legs.

"Finger me and make me cum first," she urged him.

"You're already soaked you dirty bitch," Andy exclaimed.

Already turned on from the girls' touch, Becky didn't take long until she came, squirting over Andy's hand and soaking her thighs. Andy mentioned how quick she'd been, and Becky told her about the girl.

She immediately sank, pulled down Andy's shorts to his thighs, and took his cock into her mouth. She always enjoyed feeling Andy get erect while in her mouth, and she knew Andy was enjoying it when his hands went to the back of her head and he started fucking her mouth. She'd been sucking him for a while when she thought she saw a flash of light. She tried to look behind Andy but saw nothing. There it was again. Next, there was a cough.

Andy stopped and they both looked behind them. The girl with the red streaks stood there, phone in hand, taking photos of them. Three men were with her. She introduced them as her boyfriend and his two friends. Her boyfriend was tall, slim, and covered in tattoos and piercings. She handed her phone to him and peeled off her t-shirt to reveal a perfect firm pair of 34C tits, both nipples pierced. She had a tribal pattern shoulder tattoo that cascaded down into her cleavage. She peeled down her jeans and tossed them to one side. Walking to Becky still crouched down, she swung one leg over Becky and against the wall behind her, her pussy directly over Becky's head.

"Lick me," she instructed Becky.

She didn't give Becky much choice as she pushed her groin downwards, Becky not resisting anyway as her tongue flicked out and found its spot. Becky didn't have much experience with girls, but she instantly liked herself comparing the taste too when she licked her dildos clean. Knowing what she liked herself, she flicked her clit softly and gently, teasing the girl's clit. Inserting two fingers into her sopping wet pussy, she then slowly inserted them into the girl's arse. Much as she wanted to touch herself too, she used the other hand to finger the girl's pussy too.

The girl's moans were getting louder and louder, almost drowning out the sound of her boyfriend and his friends cheering them on. She glanced over at Andy, his cock still in hand, stroking at the sight of his girlfriend with another girl performing in front of him. He seemed oblivious to the other guys around him, non-plussed at their being there like he was focused purely on the two girls.

The girl's boyfriend started to pull down his shorts and his cock sprang out, long but thin, already glistening with his pre-cum. He murmured something to Andy that Becky didn't hear, and she saw Andy nod. He moved into view again, his hand stroking his cock to erection. Becky felt her stomach tremble at the dight of his hard cock. He moved forward until it jutted against his girlfriend's clit, and Becky alternated between flicking her tongue over the girl's clit with planting light delicate kisses right on his end.

He grunted and moved, and from her vantage point, she saw his legs appear behind his girlfriend. As they did so, his two friends took his place, stroking while they had a perfect view of Becky licking the girl. He shuffled forward, his large hands gripping her tits tightly, and almost effortlessly his cock pushed into her willing arsehole, straight up in one go. His girlfriend gasped and asked him to fuck her arse hard but he relented, staying perfectly still while pulling her nipples hard. Now with a hand free, Becky reached down and shuddered as her fingers found her wanton pussy.

Becky started to protest as her hand was pulled away from herself and guided towards one of the other guys. It was placed around his semi-erect cock, starting her stroking then moving his hand to let her continue, his groans getting louder as he became fully erect. The guy on the other side did the same and feeling the pressure on her clit start to ease, the girl reached down and pulled Becky's head back between her legs. Becky started to lick at her inner thighs where her juices were trickling out of her, teasingly close to her pussy but not quite hitting the spot the girl so desperately needed.

Both of the other guys fully erect now, Becky pulled them closer until they were close to her head, she could almost feel the warmth off their cocks on her face. The girl was groaning louder and louder now as she got closer and closer to orgasm, Becky getting a little jealous as her pussy was now feeling neglected. She sensed the girl trembling more, and pressed her tongue hard against her clit. Soon she shook, her boyfriend's hands grasping her tits stopping her from slumping to the floor, her groans louder still as she came hard. She squirted across Becky's face and tits, Becky continuing to prolong her orgasm as she kept her tongue planted firmly on her clit.

Eventually, she moved, the two guys twisting slightly to be more in front of Becky. Their cocks were tantalisingly close, and she peered over in Andy's direction. Not only was he still stroking, his cock looking fatter than ever, but he was also filming the scene with his phone in his other hand. Seeing Becky looking towards him, and second-guessing what she was thinking, he nodded yes.

It was all the encouragement Becky needed, and she started to suck on their cocks, alternating sucking one while stroking the other. Each had a hand down fondling and squeezing her heavy tits, her nipples feeling more erect than normal, more sensitive than normal, and feeling their rough hands over them sending butterflies through her stomach. She took them both in full, her saliva dripping from her mouth and their cocks, some hanging down like swinging chains. She felt one starting to pulse as he got ready to cum, and he withdrew from her mouth. Taking his cock in his hand he wanked furiously, grunting loudly as he started to cum, ribbon after ribbon of his semen splashing across the side of her face, over her neck, and across her tits. He went to back away but Becky pulled him back in, letting him know he wasn't finished until she'd licked his cock clean.

The other guy must have been close too, and he pushed forward and started to fuck her mouth, his hands on the back of her head. Becky felt his cock throbbing in her mouth and readied herself for her throat to be flooded, but at the very last second, he pulled out and still holding her head, came all over face and hair. He came so much Becky had to close her eyes, then use her hands to wipe the semen away which she greedily licked down.

She opened her eyes to see the girl kneeling by her, facing her but not in front of her. She had a fat cock deep in her mouth, so deep her nose nestled in his pubic hair. Becky looked up directly in front of her and saw the girl's boyfriend, his erect cock held out in front of Becky's mouth, waiting for her to suck on his length. glancing back to the side of her she noticed the cock in the girl's mouth belonged to Andy.

Becky watched for a few seconds as she effortlessly deepthroated him, withdrawing until all of his fat cock was out of her mouth, then instantly sinking onto his entire length. Andy had his head tilted back and his eyes half-closed. Becky felt something nudging her face and turned to see the erect cock in front of her again. Trying to mirror the girl with Andy, she slid the cock into her mouth. She was trying to place the unfamiliar taste on his cock, then remembered it had been buried in his girlfriend's arse not long before. About a minute later she was deepthroating him, making him make the same grunting sounds as Andy was.

Becky thought she could see lights again and paused to look behind them. Over by the gate stood four couples, all watching the scene in front of them, some of them taking photos. One of the girls watching had her hands down her trousers, her eyes screwed up as she played with her pussy while trying not to miss the action. Another of the girls had her boyfriend's cock in her hand, stroking him while they watched.

Becky felt herself getting more turned on at having a bigger audience, and started to suck on the cock in her mouth harder and faster. His hands went to her head, pulling her mouth onto him, and his cock started to pulse. This time he didn't pull out, flooding Becky's mouth with his cum. He came so much it dribbled from Becky's mouth, dripping down onto her tits. When he'd finally finished cumming he pulled his cock out and rubbed it in Becky's hair, cleaning it off. He stepped back to his two friends, standing by the watching crowd, surveying their handiwork of Becky's semen coated face and body.

She looked up at Andy and knew the look on his face, needing to release but trying hard to keep going. Becky shuffled around so her face was pressed against the girls, and opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. The girl pulled Andy's cock from her mouth and did the same, just as Andy started to cascade his load across them both. Both of them took semen down their throats, the rest across their chins and necks. Becky's hand raced to her clit and she rubbed quickly, pressing hard against it and then slumping to the floor as he finally got to cum herself.

She lay there for a while, her eyes closed while her body was relaxing, and looked up to see Andy taking photos of her semen covered body. He had dressed again, but Becky could make out his semi-erect cock trying to burst from his shorts again. Looking around, she saw there was nobody else around. Andy held his hand down to help her up.

"Come on, let's get you back to the hotel," he told her, holding some tissues in his other hand for Becky to clean herself up.

Becky stood and pulled the zip halfway up, her tits still exposed.

"Do I look like a well-used slut?" she asked, running her fingers through her still wet cleavage.

"You look hot," Andy told her, "but you still have some semen in your hair too."

Becky bit her lip and winked at him, pulling the zip to just above her nipples, her tits still very much on show, the semen still on them glistening in the lights above them. She knocked his hand with the tissues away.

"Then let's see how many people stare at me like this, and when we get back you can show me how turned on it's made you."
