I Stay Nude Before My Dad
By Myotherside 

My Dad does not get freaked and neither do I. 

There is nothing sexual in this. It is pure Dad-
Daughter relationship.  I would like to tell the 
readers that the following narration does not contain 
anything relating to SEX. It is just an act of love 
(true love and not lust) between my dad and me.

If anyone is interested in just incest or sex please 
don't read further this narration is not for persons 
with a sick mind.

But if you leave without reading you will surely miss 
something really noble.

I think there is no harm in reading further.

It was a sunny afternoon and I was returning from my 
college when that accident happened. I was hit by a 
speeding youngster in his bike. I was thrown out on the 
pavement. I sustained injuries and had fractured both 
my arms.

After a week at the hospital I was discharged and I 
went to my home with hard casts of plaster-of-paris in 
both the arms. Since my mom had died a few years ago 
the responsibility of nursing me back to health fell on 
my dad who was in his late 40's.

My dad appointed a nurse to look after me and 
everything went on well till the nurse was unavailable. 
Soon after the first week the nurse didn't come to her 
duty. Later we learnt that she had got a job with more 
salary in the US (damn the globalisation) and all our 
efforts to find another nurse failed.

So my dad took a leave for the day and stayed at the 
house to look after me till we could get a nurse. I 
felt acute pain in my hands that day so my dad called 
the doctor and he came and checked me and told my hands 
were getting well. 

Before leaving the house he complained of the smelly 
nature in my room. My dad told him that I haven't taken 
bath since the Nurse left. He told my dad to arrange 
for a bath for me. He told my dad to be careful and not 
let the castings get wet while bathing.

But since we couldn't find a nurse the bath was 
postponed but fate didn't think so. I had a very good 
nights sleep that night thanks to the drugs.  When I 
woke the next morning I found my room too smelly. Then 
only I realized I had peed in my bed itself (later it 
was learnt due to the high medication I had not been 
able to control myself during my sleep).

The situation: I smelled awful and I had to take a bath.

The deadlock: No nurse to do the ritual.

My dad dialled many hospitals to find a nurse but to no 
avail (almost all the hospitals had ran out of nurses-
isn't that funny?).

As a last resort he asked me whether he could call any 
of his colleague's wife to come and give me a bath. 
Almost everyone said something or the other and 
rejected our obligation.

Then by around 12'o clock in the morning my dad came to 
my room with some polythene sheets in his hands. Tied 
them around my casts and told me to wait in the bathroom.

I was wearing a loose fitting T-shirt like hospital 
gown top with strings attached. With the help of a 
nurse I could wear those things without lifting my 
hands (just strings to be tied around).And a nice polka 
dotted pyjama trousers.

I could not stop guessing myself what would happen 
next. My father was to give me (a girl in her late 
teens) a bath. My heart started to palpitate at a 
furious rate. After some minutes (minutes looked like 
hours to me) my dad came in.

He threw a glance at me. People say glances can tell 
what even a hundred words can't tell. And that glance 
told to get ready for my bath.

He seated me on a stool set in the bathroom and gently 
started to remove the strings of my T-top.

And within seconds those things were off of my body. 
And then I stood up and my father pulled my trousers 
down and threw it in to the washing pile. I was 
standing before my dad with just my bra (the ones 
without straps) and panties (that too the ones I peed 
on).Just imagine placing yourself in this situation. 
Isn't it quite frightening? But I felt it to be a fun 
and fear mixed feeling (instead of butterflies 
fluttering in my stomach I felt dinosaurs running around!).

The situation was far from over. Actually, it had only begun.

My father knelt before me, placed his hands on my hip 
and pulled down my panties (yah, that same peed ones) 
to my knee levels and quickly threw it to the washing 
pile. Well the situation has now degraded more now not 
even a 2 piece dressing just a single piece dressing in 
front of my dad.

Though all sorts of human created dressings were 
removed (apart from the castings in my hands) my thick 
forest of pubic hairs was concealing my cunt perfectly.

Then he asked me to shit if I would like to. Yes, my 
dad asked me to shit.

I sat on the lavatory and shat (Oxford dictionary 
explains shitting as follows: Have a bowel movement) 
and got up. My dad without even looking at the crap 
that I had created flushed it down the gutter. He then 
took out a piece of tissue paper and with great hatred 
cleaned my anus.

Then I went and stood below the shower my dad opened 
the shower and let the water flow for some time (my 
casting stayed well protected under those polythene 
sheets).Then he took the shampoo bottle gave it a 
thorough shake and applied them on my waist long hair 
and gave them a good wash. This was the moment I 
started to like this bath.

He was behind me giving my hair a clean wash then he 
parted my hair into equal halves and let them fall on 
my breasts. Then suddenly I was robbed of the last 
piece of my clothing. Yes my father removed my bras 
too. The act of parting my hair was to cover my breasts.

Then he took the soap and applied it on my face first 
and asked me not to open my eyes because the soap might 
enter my eyes and cause irritation. So my eyes were 
closed (this was the reason why the soap was applied on 
my face first and not at last as usual).Perfect setup 
that would not humiliate my dad or me.

With my eyes closed my dad moved to the other parts of 
my body my back, my stomach, my thighs, my legs, my 
buttocks carefully excluding my breasts and groin 
areas. The soap applying stopped for some time and then 
my hair was lifted and was put back to cover my back.

I could not express how I actually felt at this moment. 
So I leave it to your imagination. My dads hand applied 
soap on my breasts. Those well grown guavas were being 
touched by a male for the first time. In the excitement 
I could feel my nipples standing hard. I tried hard not 
to open my eyes. The touch was not nice and romantic it 
was in a quick manner. I could understand this was due 
to a father touching his daughter and nothing else was wrong.

Then the hands stopped rubbing my breasts and after a 
brief moment I could feel them on my vagina. Both the 
hands were busy creating foam in my pubic hairs. Around 
this moment my father must sure have had a hard on but 
I could not see it because-yes you guessed it right - I 
was temporarily blind.

My orgasms were at their peak. But no way to subdue 
them. At this moment the Phone rang and my dad went to 
pick it up and came in after a few minutes.  All the 
soap had dried and were sticking tight to my skin. My 
father opened the shower. 

The water rubbed off all the foam it could and my 
father scrubbed off the remaining ones which had dried. 
Some of the dried soap were on my breasts, too. My dad 
went behind me and got hold of my full grown guavas 
(breasts) with both his hands and in the pretext of 
scrubbing of the foam squeezed those things till I felt pain.

This time was not in a quick manner- it was seducing 
and romantic. Though I was not asked to close my eyes I 
closed them and enjoyed them. Then my father came to my 
front. He was also drenched wet; I could see the bulge 
in his trousers. I was there to receive that dick of 
his but it was not to happen for ever.

Then he washed off my groin area and turned the shower 
off. He went out, took a towel and came to dry me. He 
dried my hair first and all the other areas in order. 
This time too he gave importance to my breasts. 

He pressed them well in the pretext of drying me. He 
removed the protective sheets around my castings; they 
were bone dry. The drying was also over. He tied the 
towel around my torso and asked me to go to my room and 
wait.

I stood in my room thinking of the incidents that have 
happened within the last half an hour. My dad came in 
opened my closet took a bra (another strapless one) and 
a panty. He removed the towel and I was fully naked 
once again. I lifted one of my legs and my dad slipped 
the panties through my legs and then the bra went to 
its proper position. So I was at least dressed for now. 
And then he dressed me in my hospital tops and pyjamas.

The whole day went as if nothing had happened. My 
father and I spoke as usual. I was expecting the same 
to happen the next day but I was disappointed my father 
told it would be enough to take a bath once every 3 days.

But both of us would love to take a bath the full day 
but who would bell the cat? I belled the cat. I once 
again peed and the bathing act repeated itself to our 
delight.

Whenever I thought of going nude I would pee blaming on 
the medication. My father also stopped the search for a nurse.

But after sometime the bathing started to change drastically.

My eyes were not closed with foam they were left to see 
whatever they liked.

My dad used every opportunity to feel my breasts with 
both his hands and I was able to get orgasms more 
frequently and my dad got his erections frequently.

My dad would tie the towel around me and send me to my 
room but I would loosen the towel and prefer standing 
nude in my room blaming my hands not able to tie them.

Within a month my fractures had healed well and it was 
time to remove those castings and go in for some 
physiotherapy for my arms.

And my nude Bathing sessions stopped abruptly.

One day they were screening "Basic Instinct" on HBO. I 
was watching the movie and was aroused very much by it. 
My dad came home in the evening.

I felt sexy and romantic I went fully dressed to my dad 
and asked him to give me a bath. He too did not 
hesitate: he undressed me, gave me a bath, squeezed my 
breasts, got an erection and things went as if nothing 
happened.

So whenever I felt romantic or sexy I would ask my dad 
to give me a bath.  And whenever he felt sexy too I 
would go for a bath even if it is for the 3rd time a day.

I felt romantic very frequently but my father felt 
romantic only at times.  But when he got horny the bath 
was a different experience. At those instances I would 
get an Oil massage and a hot water bath. The Oil 
massage was to feel my body to its fullest. During such 
massages my breasts would be squeezed in such a hard 
way I felt the pain for the next 2 or 3 days. But no 
pain, no gain goes the saying.

This has been happening for a year now.

During one such oil massage bath I could not control 
myself and I planted a deep French-kiss on my father. I 
quickly transferred all the contents of my mouth to 
his. He too joined the act and repeated it and sucked 
my breasts for some seconds and suddenly left the room 
and went to his room and shut himself. I think I had 
crossed the limit that day. From that day on I never 
indulge in such activities.

Till now we haven't had any sexual intercourse. I could 
not say why. I think we had banned ourselves (no one 
would know if we had sex) from performing intercourse. 
It had been an unwritten rule like respecting each 
others' dignity (I think so).

I could not say what our relationship is. I would say 
it is not incest which you might not accept.

Only god knows the answer to this puzzle.

Well this describes the difference between true 
affection and lust or INCEST. In this case you can tell 
whatever you like- LOVE, INCEST or anything that comes 
to your mind. But I would say there is a thin red line 
between TRUE LOVE and INCEST if you keep off that line 
any relationship would be a true one. It depends upon 
your mind set.

Ask for yourself:

   1) Haven't you been seen nude by Your Mother/Dad?

   2) Haven't you suckled from your Mother?

   3) You have seen your Mother nude (during birth) 
      but you were too young to remember.

   4) Still today many tribes in the world remain       nude.

   5) Many Sadhus (especially Jains) remain nude.

Then why do you tell it as INCEST if you do the same 
things now?

All these dress, society, this and that are a result of 
over commercialisation of our world. These things were 
normal just 50, 60 odd years ago but now it is 
considered a TABOO.

You fear even the thought of going nude on the road, 
but you visit a nude sadhu a complete stranger along 
with your family and get his blessings.

We Indians where gifted with these philosophical 
thoughts and we were different from the rest of the 
world. But now we do dumb things like running call-
centres and BPO's.

This body is just a bag of bones and flesh; what 
matters is the soul inside. 

Whatever you do to the body will not affect your soul.

Give it a Thought.

END
