Getting Off
by Jeanluc1667

Getting off in the park.

Ally enjoyed the quiet neighborhood. She and Sam, her sweet Husky, would walk the wooded lane down to the park at the end of her street. She would let him roam free as she jogged on the path. There weren't many who used the park and early or late she had it to herself. Her breasts were very sensitive so when she was alone she would take her top off and allow the cool air to stiffen her nipples. The swaying of her ample breasts also created some tension in her loins.

When she was horny, which was often, she would then wet her fingers and start to pull on her nipples. This was a kill switch and it always got her wet and ready. On more than one occasion she would go behind a large tree, strip completely and revel in the thrill of possibly being caught. She would then explore the folds of her pussy, gently gliding fingers along her swelling lips.

Pushing a little deeper she would feel her moist warmth envelop her index finger. She would bring it to her nose to smell her cunt, enjoying the wickedness of being naked while playing with herself in a public place. A time or two she either heard voices or could hear footsteps coming down the path. She would hide and kneel, but this thrilled her so much her fingers eagerly found her pussy and plunged deep. With her wet thumb rubbing her clit and her fingers finding her G spot she would tremble and start to moan, but catch it before others could hear.

She loved it best when she could see the people passing by as she fucked herself to orgasm. She really enjoyed getting off in public. She knew the risks and that only made her pussy swell and heightened the pleasure. Her cum would gush over her hand and mark the spot of her guilty pleasure. Ally would gather her clothes and get dressed, but sometimes when all alone, she would stride down the path in her naked glory, just hoping someone might catch a glimpse.

It had only happened twice, but the new guy from a couple of houses down would jog in the park pretty early or late, giving her an added object of desire to boost her libido and pleasure. Marcus was tall and ruggedly handsome. While his nose was bent a bit, it gave character and his piercing blue eyes always made her heart skip. He wasn't gorgeous, but she had tired of those self-absorbed jerks years ago. She preferred real guys, those who would appreciate her and focus on her pleasure rather than their next conquest.

Ally had met Marcus a time or two on the street. She knew it was a boy crush, but his eyes and smile seemed to melt something inside. She loved it when she would see him in the park with his beagle, Rocky. It was good he kept the dog on a leash or she would be caught pretty easily by the scent hound. All too often she smelled of her sex as she jogged home. Rocky always took a keen interest in her whenever she got near, one time almost pulling Marcus over.

The dogs got along great, sniffing butts and wagging tails. She did get a little concerned the dogs may expose her if Rocky got off the leash. Marcus had noted the dogs' friendship and enjoyed watching Sam and Rocky play. Part of that may be Sam's owner was sure to be around when they frolicked. Ally had captured his interest from the start but he was too shy to approach such a gorgeous woman. She wasn't plastic or contrived in her appearance. On the contrary, her blonde hair, sweet dimples, and big brown eyes played into a wholesome beauty, which overwhelmed him when she would smile. He wanted to make a move, but he was sure she wouldn't be interested.

After watching her sweet body glide by on her runs, he would need to do something physical to redirect his lust. She had a soft round ass that swayed while she jogged, he couldn't take his eyes off it. But then there were her breasts, she always wore the thinnest material and he could see her firm nipples, her areola, and the soft curves of her breasts quite easily. How he wished he could take those nipples into his mouth and suckle them while his hands would knead her delightful ass.

Ally had no idea of Marcus' interest. She would have jumped him in the driveway if she suspected. So, she kept to her routines, running Sam and diddling herself in the woods. None of this was satisfying, but she needed the thrill of her public nudity and masturbation to get the tension high enough to cum the way she liked. She even started to use her camera to take carefully cropped photos of her adventures. Some she posted on her anonymous Instagram. She loved knowing some guy or gal out there was being a voyeur and enjoying stroking themselves to her sexy pictures.

A three-day weekend popped up but she couldn't get away. So late one afternoon she washed her car in a very sexy bikini, hoping Marcus may just happen to see her. She had a gorgeous ass and the thong highlighted its roundness and shapeliness. More than one man crushed his face into that pretty bottom and she hoped another was to come. But now she was much more interested in getting a hard thick dick buried in her tight pussy. Luckily, she was getting wet from the hose because she was sopping wet thinking about Marcus.

Her breasts were barely contained in the top, just enough to cover her nipples, but they still stood out under the fabric. Driving back from the store, Marcus caught sight of Ally, and his jaw dropped and his pants tented. He tried not to stare, but his lust had grabbed his balls and he imagined doing all kinds of very dirty things to the lovely creature washing her car. He wanted to rip the bottoms off, throw her against the hood of her car and shove his fat cock into her cunt in front of the whole neighborhood. He wanted to fuck her until she cried for mercy and begged for more. Rocky then licked his face and brought him back to reality. He could never believe she might have that kind of interest in him.

After unloading what he had bought to repair his fence, Marcus needed to take care of his raging hard-on. He had closed the garage door, but he could still see Ally out washing her car. She was so fucking hot. So he stuck his hand down his shorts and took hold of his straining dick. He spat on one hand and started stroking his magnificent member.

Before long his shorts were on the floor and his hard-on was being pumped. His palm went over the head of his cock, his precum mixing with his saliva. He leaned back against his workbench and imagined Ally sucking him into her mouth, twirling her tongue and tickling the tip. She would be gripping his balls in one hand and playing with his ass with the other.

Instead, it was just his meaty palms and a finger sliding into his asshole. Then he saw her look over at the glass door of his garage. He didn't think she could see him but it triggered his orgasm. He loved the idea of getting off in front of her. A jet of pale white jizz then shot into the air, landing on the concrete floor. It was fun, but just whetted his appetite for her warm, moist cunt.

Ally saw some movement in Marcus's garage but wasn't sure what it was. Was he looking at her? And why was everything below his T-shirt the same skin tone color? Could he be whacking off while looking at her? She came on the spot at the idea. She felt so fucking hot and just gushed all over her leg. Luckily she had the hose. She quickly darted into the house and started thinking of how things could progress so she might suck his yummy cock.

Fate seldom favors the passive, so she looked favorably on Marcus and Ally as both made plans to seduce the other. Ally hoped seeing her and Sam head to the woods at dusk would lure Marcus out of his home. She grew more certain he had been jacking off while watching her and she felt her pussy quiver. Marcus knew Ally was way out of his league, but he realized there was no one else on the street she would have dressed so lasciviously for. He decided he would wait for her evening jog and would take Rocky out to follow her.

Ally hit the woods and soon ripped off her top. She kept looking behind hoping to see the object of her lust. She thought she caught a glimpse of him with Rocky. She decided to completely strip to let him catch up and perhaps send the message of her desire. Marcus did glimpse her through the forest and his heartbeat rapidly as he caught small peeks of her naked body. Finally, their eyes locked and they both knew this was going to be a night they would never forget.

Ignoring the fact he was in the open, he quickly removed his clothes and tossed them aside. He let Rocky go and Sam came jogging over to play. Ally had stopped and turned to face Marcus, she gave him the look and the come hither finger curl. He needed no encouragement and his raging erection showed his eagerness to get inside her pussy as quickly as he could.

There was no slow motion like in the movies and they ran into each other moving quickly. He almost barreled her over but he caught her in his arms as she was sliding toward the ground. Her mouth was just inches from his big thick dick and she glanced at him and then swallowed it, grinding her mouth down to his balls. Its girth and depth would have gagged another woman but she knew all the tricks and had practiced enough to get raves from other men.

He was taken by surprise as his glans bounced off the back of her throat and down into her lovely neck. He had never seen a woman take him all in like that and he shuddered and started thrusting with excitement. She was so fucking hot he didn't know whether to come or shout or both. He stabilized her enough to get her on her knees while she looked into his eyes and slurped and slathered his glistening cock. He glanced behind them just to be sure no one else was coming along. It sent a thrill into his balls just thinking of the danger.

Ally loved the danger too and having his big dick in her mouth in the middle of the path in the woods was a major turn-on. Her pussy was working overtime and her juices were running down her thighs. But she worked his cock for a few minutes, flattening her tongue and licking like it was an ice cream cone. She squeezed his balls and ran her fingers back and forth just in front of his asshole. She knew how to send him into orbit and his satellite wouldn't return if she kept it up. He whispered, "please stop I'm about to come and I want to please you first."

She loved it, another guy had read She Comes First and she hoped he had learned the techniques which drove her wild. Marcus stood her up and brushed off her knees and then bent lower to kiss each one. He looked at her and said "thank you, you are better than any dream or fantasy I've ever had and I want this to be the best night of your life. He then buried his nose in her pussy and spread her legs so he could get full access.

He knew time was limited and he couldn't follow his preferred routine, but her scent and sopping wetness told him he didn't need the usual slow setup to send her over the edge. He scooted them close to a tree she could lean against and then put one of her legs over his shoulder while he kept his lips and tongue firmly on her vulva. He would suck in the pussy lips then push them out and use his warm breath on her clit. His tongue lapped up her juices and his flat tongue stopped just shy of her clitoris. She kept squirming, trying to get her pearl on the tip but he kept his pace, building the tension and increasing her longing.

He finally clipped the clit with his tongue and then brought his tongue horizontally just below on the frenulum. She hadn't experienced that before and gave a sharp cry of pleasure. She could see he was a master at giving lady head and she was in heaven. His tongue kept circling her bud and hood and it would shoot into her cunt hole and seek the roots of her clit. He happened to find it often and her little shrieks of pleasure were growing louder. He could tell by the tension in her leg and back she was very close to orgasm.

So he took the hood, clit, and surrounding area into his mouth and used his lips to pull them away from her mound. After stretching them out, he used his tongue to flick it back and forth, faster and faster as she started begging him to fuck her with that goddam mouth, "suck it, suck it, suck it you sweet motherfucker I need you now you great hunk of cock. You'll fuck me soon enough and it will be the best you ever had, now suck it you goddam cocksucker, suck it." Her filthy mouth was such a turn on and he followed her instructions and sucked and flicked.

She started to thrash and almost move out of his grip, but he held her firmly so she couldn't escape the sweet agony building in every cell of her body. She let out a huge moan and her body froze on his face, then she moved in every way as she spasmed with the onrush of pleasure sweeping her body. She couldn't see, she couldn't breathe, her whole focus was on him and his incredible mouth. Ally felt every lick, swipe, and suck he did. She never knew it could be so intense and last so long. She was gushing her juices all over his chin, but he just smiled and slurped as she continued to have orgasm after orgasm.

She relaxed and took a short break while he eased up a little on her pussy. She thought he had finished but then he would start up again. Damn, no guy had done this before, and it only took a minute and she was right back in bliss with her ass shaking and her hand grabbing his head and pressing it against her snatch. God was he good and after three more times she knew he would just keep sucking her off as long as she wanted. But she wanted to reciprocate and especially wanted to come while his magnificent penis fucked her hard and deep. She pushed his face back and said "You better get that great cock in my cunt or I'm gonna start running again and you won't catch me."

He needed no motivation as he jumped up, bushed his knees off, grabbed her around the waist, and lifted her to his chest. Her wet hole was resting on the tip of his hard cock. He teased her at the opening for just a minute then he slammed her down onto his cock as hard as he could. She had to catch her breath as his cock filled her beautifully and touched all of her favorite spots. He stayed still for a moment so she could take it all in. She knew he was an incredible lover and he made the evening more special than she had imagined.

She originally thought she might give him a blow job and see what happened afterward, but this was a full-fledged fuckfest and he was the Circus Master controlling all the fun and frolic. She said to his face as she leaned in to kiss him fully and with passion, "you have made love to me like no man has ever attempted, I'll be yours to use as you want for as long as you want whenever you want."

He couldn't stay still any longer, he used his powerful arms and his solid abdomen to start rocking his cock inside her tight, wet pussy. He kept building the speed and his hand on her ass started slapping and squeezing, giving her even more stimulation. She thought "Holy fuck this guy is good" and two seconds later had an earth-shattering orgasm with the base of his cock brushing her clit while her insides felt the fullness of his head touching her g spot and everywhere she loved.

He stood up fully and walked the two of them over to a tree. He twisted her around, put her hands on the bark, and had her bend over with her legs spread. He put his forefinger in her and also used his middle finger to gently rub her clit. She shuddered and said, "you are good, but fuck that, get your cock in me now." He was ready and he speared her from behind and she gasped as he slid into her, all the while pulling on her clit with his fingers. She lost it immediately and her knees buckled and her head rolled back and all she could say was unnnnnnn. He didn't slow down his thrusting and in a minute he leaned over her back.

He whispered," I fell for you the moment I saw you, I've never met a woman as beautiful, as sensuous and fucking tight as you. Thank you for opening yourself to me, it is so precious. Now hang tight because I'm going to blow up your darling cunt with my big load." With that, he exploded into her, his cock shuddering and shaking, his legs quivering and his grunt filled her ears in the best way she could want. She loved hearing him and feeling him come inside her. And just as suddenly, she felt her pleasure shatter her moment of reflection. Its reverberations revealed the very feelings she had hoped getting off in the woods could bring.
