TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  January 2009 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuck, M+/F, MM, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: Dear Mother Debbie 2009:CASE#1: The Case Of Tom and Tina
Author:  C.D.E.


	Dear Mother Debbie,

	First of all, thank you for inviting me to be a part of your new project where you'll look in depth at select marriages.  I won't claim to be a good writer, but I'll try to lay out the events that transformed me and my marriage into a cuckold lifestyle. 

	In addition, I hope my story will illustrate that this is probably the best lifestyle for me and my lovely wife, and serve as a guide for other guys like me who are going through, or have gone through, similar experiences.



MY STORY BEGINS

	My name is Tom and my wife's name is Tina.  We have been married over 14 years.

	The entire time Tina and I dated, as well as when we were engaged, and all through our marriage up to the present day, she has been sexually unfaithful to me.

	She said she loved me dearly, but she had a problem being physically faithful to me.  She steadfastly claimed that she was emotionally faithful to me and that her heart is truly mine, despite that she wantonly gave her pussy to many men.

	Until our wedding night, she never let me put my cock in her, despite that she was putting out to many others almost for just them asking for some.  She also denied me from touching her tits too.  This treat was also to be saved for our wedding night.

	During the whole of our engagement, She only let me lick and suck her luscious pussy, and insisted that I masturbate under her observation for my sexual relief.
	It wasn't for about 4 months after we were engaged, that I discovered what kind of girl Tina really was, including that she was feeding me her men's sperm from her pretty cunt. I of course became despondent and really depressed. 

	She swore she still loved me, and didn't mean to humiliate or belittle me, but that she still expected me to accept her on her terms and conditions.

	She showed me videos and pictures of many sexual encounters and events she had been involved with other men - and groups of horny men also.

	"Tom, I don't mean to hurt your ego, but you're simply not man enough by yourself, or have what it takes to keep me satisfied.  Therefore, I want you be satisfied with accepting that I'll be dating and sleeping with other men, even though you're my fiance.  And Tom, I expect you to remain loyal, faithful and loving to me as well as continue to suck my wet used pussy when I want you to. You're such a good cunt sucker, I can't do without the exhilarating feeling you give me as you suck out my cum filled pussy."

	Those were her words to me.  Even though they were harsh, I still felt a lot of affection and love for her despite her abject and demeaning trickery, as well as her taking advantage of my sexual inexperience and naiveness. You see, she knew I was a virgin and made me swear to save myself for her on our wedding night.



I HAVE A DISCUSSION WITH MOTHER AND SEEK ADVICE
	
	Dear, if you love her, give it a try and see if you two can work things out. As far as her denying you while fucking better hung men, I think that really says a lot about her good character wanting you to come to her a virgin.  And sweetie, I want you to marry as a virgin too.  

	Mother's words didn't totally set right with me, but she was right about me being so attracted to Tina and feeling a great deal of affection and adoration for her - even after discovering she was a tramp.

	I was really having a hard time accepting that I had been eating fuck gunk and even worse, that I had acquired a taste for Tina's jism saturated delectable pussy.

	Tom, if you truly love her, a few dicks and some jism from her studs shouldn't stop you.  And because she is a sophisticated woman with robust sexual needs, who's willing to  share her sex activities with you, by letting you taste the results of her liaisons, shows that she does care about you.  Can't you see that?

	Tina had said something very similar, but hearing it from mother forced me to give it more serious thought.

	I was forced to conclude that since it was evident that Tina could leave me and have her choice of many better endowed, and more handsome studs if she desired, yet she chose to maintain her relationship with me.

	After some careful thought, I had to admit that maybe mother did have a point there.  I also was concerned that mother liked Tina enough to overlook my concerns, since Tina and mom had similar personalities.  Both were a bit bossy and wanted their way.  It was funny that I never really took into account just how much alike they really are until this crisis.

	And son, as far as her draining their fuck gunk in your mouth, since you liked the taste before you knew what it was, then you're bound to continue to like it now that you know that it's fuck spend.  Sure it will take a while to overcome the thought of eating another man's lusty spend, but since it's from the snatch of the woman you love, you'll get use to it before you know it.

	Mother also added that Tina was giving me an opportunity to compete with her well hung studs and evidently I was doing rather well at it for her to have kept our relationship in tact until now.

	Tom sweetie, you've seen videos and pictures of the well endowed men that have been fucking Tina.  It's apparent you've managed to rank high with them when it comes to pleasing her in bed, even if you have to use your tongue the same as they use their dicks.

	As your mother, I've been worried about you finding a woman and keeping her with your small prick.  And honey, you might as well face reality.  Tina sees you as a wimp and a pantywaist. And you know she's not far from being wrong. But despite that she still cares for and loves you. It looks like you've done well for yourself son and proven to her you can be what she needs in a husband.  I'm proud of you and so should you too, even if you have to eat a lot of cummy cream hair pies. Think of it sweetie as just using your head to achieve bliss in your relationship.

	Mother's smirking smile bothered me, as I was sure she was aware of the pun buried in her words.  But despite that, her final words did bolster my ego when she said Remember, all is fair in love and war.

	Even though it was going to be an environment of severe humiliation for me, I took mother's advice and resumed the relationship with Tina.  Mother also got me to see that Tina had become rather dependent on the great feeling that I gave when I went down on her cum filled muff and that it would be irresponsible for me to just up and quit doing that for her.

	Our relationship, to my surprise, became closer, and we grew to be even more  loving and caring toward each other. We really did enjoy each other's companionship.  However, Tina did find subtle, and sometimes not so subtle, ways to frequently remind me that her better endowed men were superior to me.

	It was odd, and I didn't have an explanation for my feelings, but the more she treated me in a condescending manner, the more I wanted to make her mine exclusively.  Secretly, I knew all alone that it could never be.  I knew I'd have to be content with my second fiddle role in our engagement and upcoming marriage.



WE FINALLY GET MARRIED 

	Her surprise wedding gift to me was literally shocking. She told me that she would be giving me a gift that would show her deep love for me as well as allow me to demonstrate my deep love for her.

	It was given to me the day before the wedding.  We were driven to this little boutique and were led to a back room.  Coffee was offered to us.  After a few sips, the next thing I remembered was I was waking up.  I had fallen asleep.  I also felt that something else was different too, because I felt air around my genitals.

	It was then that my soon to be bride announced her gift to me - a high tech chastity device.  It was an electronic cock lock that she and my mother and her mom would have remote controls.

	It was a scant device that had a plastic waterproof cable which was wrapped and locked wrapped around the base of my cock and balls.  It contained a miniature plastic  cylinder of encapsulated electronics.  It was linked into the cell phone network.  It tracked my movements, sent alarms to holders of the remotes, as well as gave varying levels of electrical jolts if I should try to have any sexual activity, including masturbation.

	And to demonstrate, I was given the lowest level of shock and that caused me to jump.  I knew I didn't want to experience any higher level.

	"So Tom darling, you see if I didn't love you I wouldn't go to such an extent to prove it.  And by you wearing this, it'll be crystal clear that you respect and honor me, our love for each other, and of course our marriage."

	I didn't have the same perspective as she and begged her to remove the device.  "I-I'll be faithful to you Tina. I-I appreciate y-your wanting to show me j-just how much you love me in t-this unorthodox manner, b-but I-I can't wear..."

	At that moment in walked both our mothers and it was my own mom that cut me off.

	"You certainly can wear it.  I think it's the perfect way to show your love and faithfulness to the woman you love." She spoke as she also added that she and Tina's mother got delayed in traffic.

	All in the room agreed with her - including the boutique sales person, which were all women.

	Just a note, my mother is a dominant force in my home and in my life.  That's why Tina often refers to me as a mama's boy.  Hearing mother's firm and unequivocal endorsement of my cock being under lock and key, so to speak, meant that was the way it was going to be, whether I liked it or not.

	I tried once more to offer a softly spoken rebuttal, to Tina and the others, but I could see that were all irritated by me and almost in unison rejected my plea and let me know that it was final.  I would be leaving wearing the device.

	I mentally sighed as I pulled up my shorts and pants and composed myself.  I felt so defeated and helpless. I know I looked pathetic. I had watery eyes.  There were smiles on the faces of all the women as they observed me with evident amusement. 

	And I shuddered as she and Tina's mom held her remote and looked at me	
as if they were anxious to use them to keep me in line with their ability to jolt me into being cooperative.

	I later found out that each remote had password access, so even if I could get my hands on one of them, it would be useless without the pass word.  In addition, any activity by one remote, would inform the other remotes of its activity.  The age of micro-electronics had doomed me.

	As with most other humiliations that were imposed on me, I soon became accustomed to wearing the cock lock.  However, it was as much a control device as it was a sexual restraint.

	Sometimes, Tina wouldn't let me masturbate for as long as a month.  She knew I was suffering.  The device would allow me to get a woodie, but if I stroked myself for more than two strokes to assuage my horny throbbing, I would get a mini jolt, which brought me back to the reality that I was wearing such a device.  She and the others  our moms and Tina - would also get an alarm.

	There was hell to pay on my part if the three of them didn't feel satisfied with my explanation for the alarm.  Many times I had to accept either corporal punishment - usually an electrical extension cord on my bare bottom - or face an extended time without masturbatory relief.

	The three women seem to purposely give me an option of something like an additional month of suffering versus 10 lashes from each of them.  Knowing I was beaten at their game, I usually submitted to their hard lashes so as to not extend my sexual bondage.

	They really hit hard too.

	I knew mother seemed to be comfortable, even eager to whip me  as I was whipped for infractions of her rules at home up until I was 21, when I started dating Tina. Her opinion was that I was never too old to receive such punishment, aka as a whipping, if I didn't behave properly. Hence my mama's boy persona.

	Tina and her mom both got on board with my mother's ideology and also seemed to delight in imposing hard lashes on me too.

	Mother even gave Tina a wedding present of a set of spanking and whipping instruments. The set included a perforated wood paddle, a mini cat O Nine whip, and a brand new skinny electrical extension cord type whip.  It had a looped cord that was attached to a wood handle.

	It was apparent mother meant for the tradition of corporal punishment to follow me into my marriage.  To my chagrin, my new bride was all too eager to be the steward of the tradition.

	Needless to say, whether she meant to or not, Tina became the dominant and controlling partner in our marriage.  After all, if she had control of my cock lock and also established herself as the one who punishes me, what is there for me to say or do, but to yield to her.

	In the first six months of our marriage, I only got to put my throbbing cock in her hot wet muff 2 times.  And then, another of her rules was that I always wear a condom when we have intercourse.  Of course I was very upset, because I knew she was on the pill.

	Her rationale for keeping me in a latex sheath was that it keeps my love fresh for her since I have not been treated to all her charms, and that I won't take her for granted.

	And darling, it will give you something to aspire to getting one day, that is when I decide you're ready for it. She told me.

	Like many things, I could not persuade her to give any ground on this perception of hers.  It hurt me again to know that all her other studs and lovers always got her raw and unencumbered  and many times unprotected.

	Over the years, until the present, Tina has had 5 babies - all by other men, and not one from me.  Remember, she demanded that I wear rubbers all those years - 14 years is a long time, don't you think?

	It's also a long time to be wearing a cock lock, which by the way has been changed out 5 times as new models came out.  More advanced features, but the same debasing effect to me.

	Tina seems to get so much delight from having me jerk off.  She has had me do this as part of our regular sexual relations all our marriage.  However, after the our tenth wedding anniversary, I've only got to put my prick in her about once a year  my birthday treat.  I hate it that she's so fascinated seeing me pull my peter and spurting my load in open air, but what can I do if this helps me please her and helps me compete with her real men and their high powered sexual prowess.

	Also, when she's away with one of her studs and not available to release my cock lock and monitor my masturbation.  She gets either my mom, or her mom, to oversee me beating my meat.  Both also really seem to delight in seeing me labor to stroke myself off and clean up the slimy mess I make as I get off.

	Tina and both our moms often play games with me as they supervise me when I'm allowed to masturbate.  They will often do things like tell me to stroke slow, then to speed up.  And when I'm near the sought after point of no return, they'll suddenly tell me to stop.  If I get off before they authorize me, which often happens and, I end up coming all over myself.

	As I'm sitting there with my hand all messy, they'll often chide and ridicule me for my lack of control. They can really make me feel guilty at times and berate me as a man. 

	Sometimes they issue me demerits for my lack of control, which they redeem in the form of lashes on my bare backside, when Tina and our moms hold court on my behavior. 

	It's so embarrassing to stand before them naked  which they demand of me  and have the 3 of them make me account for what they call errant behavior or misdeeds.

	I may be able to defend myself and get some of the demerits removed or forgiven, but in the end, they always make sure I don't escape them being able to lay a few hard lashes on my naked ass cheeks.  As I mentioned earlier, it's obvious they all enjoy punishing me this way.

	Mother Debbie, as I said earlier, all our kids all have different biological fathers.  And she's demanded that the Christian names of all our kids be direct derivatives of their real father's name.  Their last names of course is mine

	All of our kids look like men I see everyday, since we live in a relatively small township.  Two of the them are close acquaintances and the other two are co-workers.

	My wife has also has had me sign a release for paternity claims against all the biological fathers too.  This made them all very happy, including our minister, who is the father of one of our sons.

	Another thing Mother Debbie, Tina has let me know that she would like to get pregnant at least 2 more times, no matter if she has twins or triplets each pregnancy.  I tried to plead with her to stop having other men's babies, and well to stop getting pregnant period.  You see I already work two jobs to support all the mouths in our growing family.

	Even if I say so myself, I'm a good daddy to all our children.  Many have said so, including their real fathers.  All of them have so told me several times  how proud of me they are - especially our minister.

	My wife is pleased with me also and has acknowledged it to me also.

	"Dear you are such a darling daddy to the kids.  I couldn't ask for a better husband.

	She also went on to say: You know by now it thrills and exhilarates me to place abject demands on you and to challenge your manliness and to see you kowtow to better men.  It's something I need, and only you can fulfillment me in this way as my husband.
	
	"And honey, I know it's hard on you facing other men being my husband, especially those that have knocked me up.  But as I see it, the more demeaning  situations I create for you to face and endure, the more opportunities I give you to demonstrate your love for me.  You really should be proud that you can boast of having endured and proven yourself so well at things that no real man would accept."

	To make matters worse, Tina believes that the men who have inseminated her have a special place in our marriage.  That is that she should give them priority over me in reference to her time and sex too.

	She routinely and openly dates the real fathers of our kids while I'm home babysitting our kids.  When she comes in the wee hours of the morning, it's also routine for her to straddle my face and feed me the contents of her cum filled well fucked cunt.

	She only fucks well endowed studs and they really fill her with their copious deposits of hot gooey ejaculated deposits, no matter whether one of my "Husband-in-laws" - her name for the real fathers of our kids - or other strange men that she puts out for.

	I can't explain it, but I still love my wife deeply and still worry that possibly one day, one of her studs will win her away from me.

	As a cuckold husband, no matter how much I think I have the true love of  my wayward wife, I guess I'll always have this worry.

	Hence, as I see it, I have to always be ready to take that next step to prove I'm worthy of being her husband.



AROUND THE HOUSE

	In addition to being sort of the family maid - i.e., since it seems I end up doing quite a number of household chores.

	I'm also my wife's pussy barber.  That is, she has me shave and trim and keep her beautiful muff bush shapely and looking well manicured.  My wife really compliments on how well I do.  Her praise really makes me proud of my handiwork,even if it's to make her pussy pretty for other men's dicks.

	 I've also ended up being my wife's social secretary too.  You see, her many men friends often call our house and leave messages for her, with me. 

	She's told them to always ask for me when they want to leave a message.

	I of course have to take them, and yes it does bother me to take messages for her that are really nothing more than motel sex dates.  But I hide my emotions and have resigned myself to doing this because she demands it of me.

	 The callers are often so graphic and earthy with their messages, and frequently even tell me what type lingerie I should make sure she wears, or brings with her.

	However, on the other hand, I guess it's common courtesy that I should accept their compliments when the callers tell me what a good piece of ass my wife is and how well she got them off.  These calls are of course very bitter sweet, but it pangs me even more when a caller lets me know that she's to meet a group of hard-up sex starved men and that she'll be the only woman there.

	I hate it even more that when I visualize what they're telling me.  Many times I  get a boner that won't go away for a long time.  I just have to suffer the throbbing ache in my loins until it goes down on its on, since I'm wearing that darn cock lock.

	Tina often knows when I'm hard up and exposes her tits or pussy to me, knowing it just exacerbates my sexual longing and suffering. 

	And I know she likes it when she's out on a date, and knows that I'm at home with a throbbing aching hard-on and can't do anything about it until she returns and permits me to jerk off  always after sucking her date's abundant semen from her used pussy.

	My wife is very proud of being gang banged and having trains pulled on her.  She's let me know that the her current record for a group is 25 men.  She loves to  be very descriptive of how they all came at least twice, and some 3 times, in one or more of her three holes that she made available to them to fuck.

	I remember that record setting event too.  Her pussy was so puffy, bruised, and red from all the dick assaults, and she really appreciated the soothing lapping on my tongue to ease the swelling.  I remember sucking out so much thick melded cum out of her gapping gash.  It had the consistency of pudding.

	She was so proud of herself for pleasing all those dicks.  For some strange reason, I was happy for her, even though I was greatly degraded as her husband.

	On several occasions when we could get our moms or another babysitter for our kids, Tina would involve me on her sex dates with her studs.  She felt I needed to see and be involved on a first hand basis, that is, to see what she was getting from them that I couldn't give her.

	I wasn't keen on the idea at all when she proposed it early in our marriage.  However, with pressure from her parents and mine, I gave in.

	Back then, it was extremely awkward for me to be in a motel room as the husband of a wife who was the slut of honor for a group of 4 horny, tall, and brawny men.  At only a little over 5'6, I was totally outclassed in all respects.  Not only were the 4 studs more handsome than me, they were very muscular and to the man, at least 6 feet in height and all easily had thick cocks of at least twice the size of my slender 4 prick.

	It was even worse that I was made to get nude as everyone else in the room.

	Their laughter at my smaller equipment cut right through me as I blushed profusely.

	It was my wife's idea for me to see up close just how good a job her studs would do when coupled to her.  I couldn't believe she wanted me situated such that I would be under her crotch as she and her men friends would be having intercourse. But yes, that's exactly what she wanted.

	I tried to refuse her, but it was to no avail as her men friends wouldn't hear of me being uncooperative.  They easily intimidated me, which drew what I consider a wicked smile from my wife, as I shut up and hurriedly took the face up position on the floor as I was told.

	Tina positioned herself over me such that her cunt was right above my face. As one after the other of the 4 men coupled with her doggy style,  their heated and wetly joined sex organs were millimeters above my face.

	The closeness, the heat, the squishy nosiness, the dripping sliminess, not to mention the mingled sensual pleasurable guttural moans from my wife and the men getting their nuts off in my wife, caused me the utmost abashment.  I also had a rock hard throbbing boner that I couldn't get to go down. 

	That in itself added to my horrendous embarrassment and shame knowing that I was so aroused in the situation I was in.

	What I was experiencing did indeed give me an education in regard to the sexual prowess of my wife's studs.  In addition, the big loosely hanging hairy nut sacs of her men were constantly being dragged across and bounced over my face.  I was directed to lick the hairy balls above my face so as to enhance the men's enjoyment of my wife.  Needless to say, and to my chagrin, I obediently did as I was told.

	As each stud got off in Tina's accommodating cunt and pulled out, a lot of gloppy cum and slimy pussy juice would gusher out and coat my face.  Needless to say, this fuck gunk would get in my mouth.  

	During these fucking breaks, my wife would have me freshen up her gapping drippy gash as she lowered and pressed her messy pussy bush to my upturned mouth.  I had to suck out what I could before the next stud lined himself up to push his big truncheon of hard dick meat in her very soft and juicy fuck slit.  In an urgent imperative tone, she directed me to guide each man's stout rigid dick in her eager receptive twat.

	To say it was an abject put down to be guiding other men's dicks into my wife's delectable pussy, would be an understatement.  A pussy that saw very little of my own prick, and to boot, mine never experienced her raw and wet as I was seeing up close and personal.  

	And to add to my misery, I maintained an involuntary hard-on that seemed to get even more rigid the more I tried to mentally wish it away.  Needless to say, I was constantly and severely ridiculed by her men for my erection throughout my ordeal, as the group used my beautiful wife to satiate their lust.

	However, I must say, I couldn't help but be awed at the size of their dicks, the amount of thick semen repeatedly ejaculated, and the stamina and sustained length of time all 4 of the studs could fuck.

	Again, I was totally, totally outclassed and and the proof was literally in my face.  Their exceptional fucking performance drove home just how inadequate I was compared to them.

	And while my wife thought this would be a great educational experience for me to see her men in action, I also have to give credit to her part in all this.

	I had seen my wife cavorting and sexually frolicking in pictures and on video before. But being their in person brought home to me that I'd married one sexually sophisticated and liberated hot woman, who could really fuck and handle a dick, or dicks.  And do so expertly, I might add.  I learned then and there why she was such a dick magnet.  

	Don't ask me why, but I couldn't help but be proud of her slutty skills.

	Over the course of our marriage, I was often called upon to be a sex aid, as I described above, for my wife's sex dates with her many men friends.

	Additionally, I have  also been required to be a fluffer for her dates at these orgy gang bangs. That is, I was called upon to use my mouth to get her men erect for entry into her juicy hot cunt (this was more of an excuse for them to shame me by having me place my mouth on their dicks, since I can't think of a single time when they weren't steel hard to begin with).  I also had to orally clean their languished dicks after they pulled out of her sloppy, slimy, frothy hairy snatch.

	As I've mentioned, after eating her out, my wife Tina usually likes to have me jack off for her.  She gets the greatest thrill out of seeing me shoot off into "Air Pussy" - her words - and making a mess with my stuff shooting out all over my hands.

	She often tell me that "Air and hand Pussy" is best for a little prick mama's boy like me.

	After about the fourth year of marriage, she has insisted that I cup my hands and collect my jack off juice.  Then she directed me to lick my ejaculate from my hand and fingers.

	"Tom, since you suck other men's jism from my pussy, why shouldn't you suck up your own cum too?"  Was her rationale to me, as she fingered the cock lock remote she wore around her neck.

	I couldn't counter her logic and knew I couldn't fight her control over my genitals.  From that time on, I've been licking up my meat beating spend.	It's amazing how you get use to things.  With her repeated insistence of me doing such a disgusting thing, it soon  became second nature to me to do as she demanded.


WRAPPING UP MY STORY

	I work hard to provide for my family, and try hard to always keep my wife happy and pleased.  I always try to do whatever she asks of me.  

	I guess I'm so devoted to her, and love her so much because I feel she really does have a special love for me, even though others may interpret her actions as treating me as a slave and a fool.

 	However, as she and I have discussed, different couples have different recipes for happiness. It's rather obvious, that she wouldn't be happy if she couldn't treat me as she does.

	So I constantly try to  make my wife happy as best I can with my small prick and unassuming personality.


	I guess I'm also old fashioned and still believe in traditional values. 

	My minister tells me that it's my duty to honor, love and obey my wife, and to stay with her for better or worse.  You see, these were the vows that she insisted that I accept at our wedding.  Her only vows were that she would accept me as her loving and devoted husband.  She never swore to be faithful as I did.

	I guess I should have known something was wrong when I heard the minister read those words to us, but I was too much in love and didn't want to make a fuss over such a thing.

	Oh, before I close this letter, there's one other thing I forgot.

	Many times my wife will goes on weekend trips with one of our husband-in-laws, or other men. 

	She had the audacity to ask me to fill in for her if any of our husband-in-laws, or her other men, came by to see her with a hard dick. She expected me to give out blow jobs on demand

	I found it so difficult to believe that a loving wife would volunteer me, her husband, to willingly take loads of hot gluey slimy sperm intended for her, but she did.  

	I tried to refuse the men that first time one of them came over with a raging throbbing boner, but found out that it's best to go ahead and give head rather than risk getting a beating for not sucking their throbbing dicks and drinking their hot loads of semen. A horny man doesn't listen to reasoning too well when he has a hard dick.

	After that first time, I became a regular cocksucker for our husbands-in-law and her many other men friends.  Being a cocksucker really helped out when my wife was late in her term from her second pregnancy on.  All of her studs frequently used my mouth to deposit their abundant loads of jism while my wife was out of service sexually.

	I had to get use to having her watch me on my knees getting my mouth stuffed by her studs.

	Tina's dad, my father-in-law, also availed himself of my mouth as a place to ejaculate loads of his hot pent up sperm.

	Thanks to him, he has also helped me get additional income by renting me out to suck the dicks of his horny buddies and other clients.

	He has become sort of my manager - some might call him a pimp, but manager sounds less risque.  I had to get use to being labeled one of many names such as faggot whore or sissy whore or pansy pussy or pussy boy, but over time I have become desensitized to such terms.

	Tina is also thrilled that her dad has turned me into his pussy boy whore - his term for me. She exhibited such a bright warm smile when she first learned that I had turned my first night of tricks.

	I was surprised at a similar response from Tina's mom and an even more joyful reaction from my own mom.  Both families are very supportive of my whorish actions, especially in that it helps me be a good provider for my growing family.  By the way, Tina is pregnant again.  She's hoping for twins again  I'm not.  She admits she has no idea who the father is - except it's not me.

	I have to admit I've become a very skilled cocksucker and become acclimated to the taste of fresh hot creamy jism.  I also can't help but feel a certain level of pride that strange horny men are willing to pay to use my mouth as a surrogate pussy for their pent up ejaculatory deposits. 

	And with the guidance and encouragement from Tina's dad, I have also been taught to take cocks up my ass. He had me see that learning to get ass-fucked as a rape preventive measure.  It would lessen any injuries if I had a  dick ready ass cunt.  He also got me to see that my new ass-pussy had to be used frequently to keep me pliable, so he's also rented me out for that purpose too. 

	I have to add that all of the clients who have fucked me have complimented me for being a pretty good piece of ass.

	After reading this expose on my marriage, I'm sure some are bound to say that my wife's treatment of me is degrading or even despicable.  Some may say that I'm a pathetic wimp and pantywaist and deserve whatever she mets out to me.

	The relationship between Tina and I has been unorthodox to say the least, yet despite everything, over the years we have strongly complimented each other's needs.

	It's apparent she has this inner need to treat me the way she does.  She has repeatedly let me know that I'm the perfect husband for her.  It makes me feel good inside to know that as her husband, I please her in a way that her real men can't.

	And yes, as I'm sure I have strongly stated or implied, I have this inner need to have her love and companionship.  And yes, even if it's on her own terms and conditions and compromises my self-esteem.

	But over all, Tina really is a great mother to our kids and a good wife to me. Her definition of a good wife is where she continually proves her love for me by constantly challenging me to do things that a real man would never do.  And I have to say, it looks like I have been successful in meeting her expectations.
 
	Well Mother Debbie that's pretty much the way things are with Tina and me. And in wrapping up this letter, I hope I have shown that a cuckold marriage can be a happy and harmonious one, as long as the husband understands he will have to check his ego, dignity, self-worth and esteem at the door when he enters the relationship. 

	He must also understand that subjugation, corporal punishment, and sexual suffering, as I have endured, at the hands of a beautiful wife - who does these things because this is her special way of showing her love for him - can result in a warm loving relationship.

	I guess for some of us, these type marital relationships are easier to accept, especially for us unassuming mama's boys. And maybe that's why we are able to find such beautiful wives, and that we remain their faithful husbands, despite the abject demands they impose on us.

Sincerely,
Tom


==============MOTHER DEBBIE'S REPLY & COMMENTS ======

Tom,

	I thank you for such a wonderful and lengthy letter to my collection of satisfying and happy cuckold marriages.

	Before I go on, I send warm congratulations to you and your wife on the the new arrival that the stork will be bringing to your growing family in a few months.  

	And I fully agree with you, cuckold males must check their egos, dignity, self-worth and esteem at the door of a cuckold relationship, if they desire it to be happy and harmonious. And when you think of it, it's a small price to pay for happiness with a beautiful woman such as your wife, despite that she's a slut to many men.

	But I know you take warm solace in the fact that  she always come back home, no matter what man takes her out, or that she reeks of sex and has a pussy drenched and loaded with other men's semen.  It is extremely satisfying to her to know that you, as her husband is always there for her and will always take her back, no matter if she's been well fucked and used or even if she's been inseminated with a baby from another man too.

	Personally, Tom, I don't think you have a single thing to worry about in regard to losing your wife to handsome, brawny big dick studs.  However, like you implied, a cuckold husband can never take things for granite and always must be willing to go to another level of ridicule and degradation to give his wife the satisfaction that is necessary to keep her yours.

	I really think it's so wonderful that your wife's real men call and leave you messages and notes for her.  This is good for you to be in frequent contact with the alpha males in your marriage.  It reminds and keeps you comfortable in your proper inferior role in the marriage.

	In regard to your cock lock and having to endure blue balls and throbbing hard-ons for an extended period of time.  As you implied, this makes your wife happy, so you should feel good about suffering in this manner for her.  Please, don't be selfish and think only of yourself.

	Besides, abstinence helps your ball pressure build up, and when you are allowed to jack off for your wife and/or your moms, I'm sure them seeing you squirt high and strong adds to their pleasure too. Again, think of them, not only your own needs.

	And it just warms my heart to see traditions passed down from your mother to her daughter-in-law.  Even though it may blister and bruise your naked bottom, I'm sure you can feel the tough love Tina and your moms express for you when you deserve it. 

	And Tom, it's so good to see you have a warm and close relationship not only with your mom, but also with your in-laws.  I compliment you.  

	First, I have to say it's marvelous that, in the absence of your wife, your mother-in-law is nice enough to take time out to supervise your jacking yourself off and that you properly milk your self as well as seeing that you lick your hands clean of your spend.

 	Secondly, I think it's so wonderful that your father-in-law thinks enough of you to have make you his whore.  That should make you beam with pride to have won his confidence.  I know Tina can't help but be thrilled that you get along so well with her family.

	And Tom, I have to add that you contribute more to your wife's sexual pleasure by jacking off for her rather than putting it in.  Anyway, it's pretty much understood that mama's boys excel at beating their meat, so therefore you should not feel any shame or be offended in jacking off as a normal part of your conjugal marital sex acts, that is along with sucking your wife's pussy clean of her studs' many deposits of sperm.

	And in reference to your mother, you are indeed fortunate to have one who gave you such good counsel to not give up on your relationship with Tina just because she's a popular slut.  I just love her advice to you about using your head.

	And another compliment Tom, really an extraordinary plus and high praise.  I can't praise you enough for being a pussy boy whore and using your fuck earnings to be a good provider for your slut wife and kids she's had by other men. And congratulations on being a skilled cocksucker and being recognized as a pretty good piece of ass.

	And it really makes me feel good knowing you're such a great helpmate to your wife in helping her with her real men's dicks.  Without a doubt, all devoted cuckold husbands should be surrogate cunts for their wife's real men friends.  I've always said, a husband taking a stud's dick and sperm that was intended for his wife is such a romantic thing.

	A cuckold has to be proud of the love his wife has for him, that is, a husband that can't compare in the cock department with her real men, but who gives her what her studs never could.  

	A good cuckold husband will always show strong affection and be there for her, no matter how much his wife puts him down for his inadequacy as a real man.

	A good cuckold may not openly express it  as you implied in your letter - but has to have great pride in the sexual prowess his sluttish wife exhibits in soothing and softening the big hard dicks of so many men.

	Please note, being a cuckold is not for the faint of heart. It takes fortitude, tenacity, and courage to be a good cuckold husband. Much more courage and confidence than being a so called real man.

	But I'm very pleased with you Tom.  You have your head screwed on right. You have reaped the rewards of your continuing ordeal by doing what it takes to be a good provider and faithful husband of a beautiful, but dominant unfaithful wife.  In addition, your pride as the daddy of all the kids that were sired in your wife by other men is praise worthy.  

	Thanks again Tom, much happiness in your marriage, and again, congratulations on your new family addition.  

Sincerely,
Mother Debbie

	   

	

	

	